868
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
not be lawful for any unchartered banking company, or any
association, partnership, or company of individuals, within
the District of Columbia, to discount any notes, orother se-
curities, for the payment of money, or to issue notes or bills,
whether payable to orde# or bearer, or any other securities,
promises, or orders, tor the payment of money or stock 5 and
every member, officer, or agent, of any such company, or
associate or partner of any such association or partnership,
shall be held to be guilty of a misdemeanor, and for every
such offense, upon conviction thereof, may be fined m a min
not less than §L00, nor mo^e than $500."
Mr. SIMMONS. Is that the law now, or has
it expired ?
Mr. SLIDELL. I consider that the law still
exists
Mr. SIMMONS. Is it not in a bank charter
that expired by its own limitation? I so under-
stand.
Mr. SLIDELL. If the Senator will permit me,
this is one section of a law regulating and creating
certain banks in the District of Columbia. In
order to make the privilege of issuing bank notes
of any value, it was necessary to take that privi-
lege from everybody else. Therefore, the privi-
lege was conferred, virtually and by implication,
to issue bank notes in the District of Columbia,
on these incorporations; and it was taken away
from all others. They went on under their char-
ters, had them renewed, and at a later period all
legislation on the subject of banks, except that
contained in the bill directing their liquidation,
was repealed; thatis, all contrary legislation. The
criminal court in this District, and the circuit
court of Maryland, declared ^hat that act of 1844
—I think it was—not only repealed all the por-
tions of the act conferring banking privileges on
these different institutions, but repealed this gen-
eral prohibition that was foufid in the twenty-
ninth section of the#ct of 1817. Admit it to be
so? then what is the case ? That there is no limit
whatever; any one can, if he thinks proper, issue
a note for circulation within the limits of the Dis-
trict of Colurnbia«to any amount; any association
of men can. They may take any name that they
please.
The Senator from Rhode Island has said that
these banks acted in entire good faith throughout.
I do not like to use harsh terms; but 1 consider
the whole operation a swindle, and I think 1 will
demonstrate it by the production of some of their
notes; and to show the value of this circulation
on which the Senator insists so much, I will state
as a fact that the other day, desirous to have
one of these notes in order to examine it and ex-
hibit it to the Senate, I sentaround to every Sen-
ator in this Chamber, and I could not find a bank
note of the District of Columbia. The Sergeant-
at-Arms sent his boys around the Capitol, and
not a single one was to be found. That, I think,
is very good evidence that they do not circulate
among men who have the capacity to judge what
a good note is.
Here is a.bill of the Bank of Commerce. As
I said bcfoie, that is not one of the original char-
tered banks. As the Senator remarked, it is a
mere private association of individuals; and I do
not believe that the articles of their association are
known to the public at all. They are not obliged
to be recorded; and nobody but themselves knows
of what their capital consists, or who are the in-
dividuals that are concerned in it. That is called
the Bank of Commerce. It is signed by H. B.
Sweeny, as cashier, and C. E. Rittenhouse, as
president. They profess to do business in George-
town; but the officers are partners in a private
banking-house on Pennsylvania avenue. I have
no disposition at all to impeach the credit of
Messrs. Sweeny &-Rittenhouse; they may be the
best men in the world; but if they were to issue
bank notes in their own names, it is probable they
would not have the circulation that these notes
have, simply for the reason that they have as-
sumed, in these notes, an appellation or title which
would imply that they are a banking corporation,
and subject to the regulation and control of Con-
gress.
Here is another note—the Fanners and Me-
chanics' Bank of Georgetown. ''The President
and Directors of the Farmers and Mechanics'
Bank of Georgetown will pay five dollars on de-
mand to bearer. Georgetown, D. C. R. Read,
president, and W. Laird, jr., cashier." In al-
most microscopic characters, at the foot of this
bill—certainly they would cscape the observa-
tion of ninety-nine men out of a hundred through
whose hands it would pass, are these words—and
even with my glasses I can scarcely read them—
" of the board of trustees,*' underneath the names
of the president and cashier. A stranger, unfa-
miliar with the history of the District of Colum-
biajwould suppose, and would say, " Why, this
is the old Farmers and Mechanics'JBank char-
tered by Congress, subject to examination, con-
trolled by law and regulations which secure the
public against any possible imposture." Now, I
ask the Senator is that dealing in good faith ?
Mr. SIMMONS. Do you want an answer?
Mr. SLIDELL. Wait until I get through with
this examination. Here is a note of the Bank of
Washington. The Bank of Washington is the
bank that made the following answer to the inter-
rogatories:
"In the year 1844, just previous to the expiration of the
charter of the bank, the stockholders, in general meeting,
placed in the hands of trustees all their assets, rights, and
credits, for certain purposes, and among them the power to
continue &uch banking acts and operations as they might
legally do and pei form. Under the authority thus conveyed,
and the joint resolution passed by Congress aboutthe same
time, giving authority to wind up the affairs of the old bank,
the trustees have been ever smce acting in good faith, and
have conducted their business, as they believe, acceptably
to the citizens of Washington, and satisfactory to their cus-
tomers generally. It is true they have been obliged to suc-
cumb to this panic, which has spread so disastrously over
the whole commercial world; but a* this bank is a private
association, all its stockholders are liable, both to deposit-
ors and noteholders; so that there is no probability of I0S3
occurring to either."
The public does not know who the proprietors
and stockholders are; I am sure I do not.
''Under this uniooked-for state of things the trustees
determined to make no«ew loans, butuig^ntly to call upon
all its debtors tor such curtails as they could pay without
making any sacrifices to do so. This was done by most of
them, and every note upon which a renewal was asked, on
the payment of a curtail, however small, was assented to.
Had the trustees insisted on the payment of the notes as
they became due, great inconvenience and losses to the
business men would have been the inevitable result; but it
is now believed that this bank will not lose a dollar on its
discounted paper in consequence of this untoward pressure.
Owing to the large amount of specie monthly disbursed by
the Government In tins city, the circulation of tlie District
banks hasj of late years, been merely nominal, the chiet
currency being gold and silver and notes of banks below
par, the latter not being received as bankable funds.
" The circulation is larger now, in consequence of specie
being atapiemium.and because the trustees were solicited ]
by merchants and business men to increase their issues,
and thereby keep other notes of doubtiul value tinin being
introduced."
Here is the confession on the part of these banks,
that, when they are in a state of suspension, they
are enabled to keep out a much larger amount of
circulation than when they arc paying their obli-
gations. I do not think there is a gentleman here
who has eyes sufficiently strong to see without
glasses these mystical words at the bottom of the
Bank of Washington note, " of the board of trus-
tees," after the signature of the president and
cashier.
The whole effect of this bill is simply to prevent
the issuing of notes, without authority of law and
without restraint, in the District of Columbia. It
does not interfere in the slightest degree with the
interests of any of these banking associations. It
does not meddle with their affairs. They can go
on, and receive deposits and pay out money to
their customers and discount their notes without
the slightest interruption. If the Senator from
Rhode Island thinks that a circulation of paper
money, uncontrolled, unlimited, without any sort
of surveillance on the part of the public, is bene-
ficial, certainly he is at liberty to enjoy his opin-
ion; and I am inclined to think that he does, per-
haps, derive all the benefit from that system in
his own State of Rhode Island. I should be very
sorry to have the same advantages of a circulating
medium in Louisiana that he has in Rhode Island.
1 cannot accept the amendment of the Senator
from Mississippi, as I said before, not because I
do not approve of its principle, but because I think
it would make the operation of this bill, if not
impracticable, at least very inconvenient to the
public.
Mr. SIMMONS. I must have been very un-
fortunate in expressing my opinion, if the Senator
from Louisiana thinks that 1 would prefer to have
banks without regulation. I think 1 said two or :
1 three times, lest I should be mistaken, that I
1 thought the true system was to incorporate the :
institutions and have a supervision of them; and •
that is the way we do in our State. That is what i
I said. '
Now, he savs if I think it is best to have it
otherwise, I wilt so vote. He knows I do not
think so, if he believes what I have said. He
now complains that these banks have not got
charters, and are not controlled as they were un-
der those laws. Who is to blame for it? They
are not. They have applied for them, if his re-
port is correct, from time to time, and have im-
portuned Congress; and I have said that I thought
Congress ought to grant them charters with those
facilities which are granted in the neighboring
States. This District having been ceded to the
United States, why should the citizens hv placed
at a disadvantage to those who surround them?
I can see no reason for it. Because we are here
without being accountable to them, I do not see
why we should visit any notions about what is
best on them. I fehoula greatly prefer to have
these institutions incorporated. The difficulty
heretofore has been that, when they applied for an
act of incorporation, we wanted to make them
individually liable. There was that notion. That
is the case in my own State; or, what is tantamount
to that, we make the charter subject to the Legis-
lature. The Senator reads a law that he says is
ir*existence; but he knows that the courts 
Mr. SLIDELL. T&e courts have decided that
it is not
Mr. SIMMONS. In some cases, when the
courts decide something which suits the gentleman
and his friends to be law, they are apt to be for the
decisions of the courts; but if they decide against
their notions, courts are wrong.
Mr. SLIDELL. I am acting now as if I con-
sidered the court right. *
Mr.SIMMONS. Andarguing asifyouthought
it wrong, if I can understand language. I sup-
pose, myself, the decision of the court to be right,
because I am in the habit of submitting to decis-
ions; and when I think a decision is right, I never
argue that it is wrong. If I think it is wrong, I
do not argue that it is right. I do not take both
sides. If there is any soundness whatever in the
argument of the Senator, it is that we should have
all hard money; and yet he refuses to accept the
amendment to strike out the twenty-dollar notes,
but is willing to afflict this community with foreign
notes, and require every man who takes a note to
go to a broker to change it. It is worse than
having no notes at all. I do not suppose that it
is possible for the Senate, in this temper, to do
anything with bank notes. I think they have
got too far committed. I do not blame them for
having these notions about hard money; but where
ever the thing has been tried, it has been a failure.
I do not find any States that are willing to try that
experiment except in California, There, I agree,
they have; but they have got enormous iates of
interest.
Mr. HAUN. I merely wish to state •
Mr. SIMMONS. I qualified it before, by say-
ing this side of the mountains.
Mr. HAUN. Texas.
Mr. BENJAMIN There are no banks in
Mississippi, or Texas, or Arkansas—all hard
money.
Mr. SIMMONS. From the experience they
had when they had'banks, I do not wonder that
they gbt sick of them. They had a pretty hard
time with banks there, I know; but I suppose they
do not prohibit the circulation of bank notes; I
suppose the neighboring States furnish the cur-
rency.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Very little. There is hardly
anything but gold and silver m the ordinary cir-
culation among the people. Bank notes are used
in large business.
Mr. SIMMONS. The Senator from Louisiana
did not understand me. I said I did not know of
any State except California, which was 011 the
other side of the mountains—perhaps it may be
so with Oregon; she has been in the Union only
a year, and I have not examined her laws—that
prohibited the circulation of bank notes. I do
not say they establish banks; but those States that
have undertaken to prohibit paper asa circulating
medium have generally fared hard. That is my
knowledge.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will merely state to the
Senator that it is a question of degree. There are
several States that allow no issue of bank notes,
and prohibit the circulation of bank notes coming
from abroad under a certain amount; prenselv
what is proposed to be done in the District of
Columbia
