1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
869
Mr. SIMMONS. What amount is it? 1 will
follow their example in that respect.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I am not aware of the other
States; but in the State of Louisiana, at the pres-
ent time, the limit is five dollars. Within a year
or two, we expect to get it up to ten dollars, or
even twenty dollars.
Mr. SIMMONS. I will consent to limit the
circulation of notes by these institutions to five
dollars. As I said before, they have not issued
one for forty years under that amount, except the
corporation of Georgetown, and that is not a bank.
When the States go up to ten dollars, we may try
the experiment.
Mr. BENJAMIN. What institutions does the
Senator refer to ?
Mr. SIMMONS. The banking associations
here. They do not issue notes under five dollars.
Mr. BENJAMIN! I thought* there were no
banking associations here—nothing but some pri-
vate persons who were issuing bank notes.
Mr. SIMMONS. There are no incorporated
banking companies here; but there are banking
associations, and they are individually liable.
That was what we insisted on when they asked
for a renewal of their charters, and they concluded
not to take them; but they have gone on, and are
doing business with individual liability. Every-
body knows that. I suppose that every man in
the association is liable for the whole debts; there
is no doubt about that; and therefore I think there
is no danger of loss. I call them banks because
they call themselves so. I know, generally,banks
are incorporated.
Mr. BENJAMIN. If these parties issued in
their own name, or the names of their firms, such
paper as they pleased, it would be (though still,
m my opinion, very objectionable) much less ob-
jectionable than what is now going on. As I
understand it, private individuals who are not
incorporated as banks, are imposing on the public
paper purporting to be circulation issued by banks
after Congress repealed the charters of the banks
or refused to renew them. The only point re-
maining is in favor of allowing unlimited discre-
tion to anybody who pleases to issue bank notes
as money.
Mr. SIMMONS. I suppose the Senator was
not here when I addressed the Senate, or he would
not have asked that question. I have said repeat-
edly that, in my opinion, the duty of Congress
was to incorporate sound capitalists, and author-
ize them to accommodate this community with a
circulating medium and facilities for transacting
business, and put them under the supervision of
proper officers.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Until that is done, what
would you do ?
Mr. SIMMONS. I will tell you what I would
do. I would do precisely what they did before
they were incorporated. The Bank of Washing-
ton, the legislation as to which I have examined,
had been a banking association a, year and a half,
doing the same business as it did afterwards, be-
fore it was incorporated. It has been in existence
fifty years: and during that time it acquired a good
credit, and its stockholders have used their credit
by putting their name on the bank bills as trus-
tees. My opinion is, that it is not becoming in me,
a Senator from Rhode Island, to come here and
try any experiment upon the people of this little
District, when my own State is authorizing the
same kind of business to be done that they are
doing here. I prefer that I should legislate from
my experience and* give them charters, putting
them under supervision, and requiring them to
make their discounts at six per cent., and have a
commissioner to go and visit them whenever wc
see fit, to see what the character of their securities
is. We are not asked to do anything, and when
wc are not asked to do anything; and I do not see
any particular necessity for it, I think it is best to
do nothing. That is what I would do now.
Mr. CHANDLER. Would it be in ordernow
to move to strike out the second section, as an
amendment to the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Mississippi ? *.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ches-
nut.) Tt would not be in order.
Mr. CHANDLER. I give notice that I shall
make that motion so soon as it shall be in order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Missis-
sippi—in line fifteen of section two to strike out
the words " of a, less denomination than twenty
dollars."
Mr. DAVIS. I ask for the yeas and nays on
the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BAYARD. It is in order, before the vote
is taken on the motion to strike out that clause
altogether, to amend it. I propose to amend it by
striking out " twenty," and inserting "fifty."
Mr. SLIDELL. I hope that amendment will
be adopted. I have no right to accept it, but I
have no objection to it; and the question can be
taken.
Mr. DAVIS. It is clearly proper for the Sen-
ator from Delaware to amend matter which is to
be stricken out before the vote is taken on striking
it out.
Mr. SIMMONS. I hope that amendment will
not prevail.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment proposed by the Senator
from Delaware.
The amendment was agreed to;there being, on
a division—ayes 23, noes 17.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
recurs on the amendment of the Senator from
Mississippi, to strikeout the* words "of a less
denomination than fifty dollars."
• Mr. FESSENDEN. What is the effect of
that ?
Several Senators. No bank bills.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. SLIDELL, when his name was called:
I had said that I should oppose this amendment,
but I am gratified to see the correctness of prin-
ciple evinced on the other side of the Chamber,
and I shall vote, most heartily, for the amendment.
I vote " yea."
The call of the roll having been concluded, the
result was announced—yeas 36, nays 11; as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Benjamin. Bigler, Brown, Chandler,
Claik, Clay, Davis, DKou, Durkee, Fcssenden, Fitch, Fitz-
patuck, Foot, Foster, Grimes, Gwm, llanihu. Haun, Hemp-
hill, Hunter, .lohmon of Tennessee, Ln.it>'. Mallory Nichol-
son, Folic, 'Punh, Itiee. Salisbury, Sebastian, Reward,
Simmon*. Slide'!, Ten Evek, Wade, YVjgiall. and Wiikiu-
i-on~3).
NAYS— Messrs. B-iyard. fiinghnm, Bragg, Chesnut,
Hale, Uarlan, Kennedy, King, Mason, Powell, Sumner,
and VVil.-on—11.
So the amendment of Mr. Davis was agteed to.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now move that the sec-
ond section be stricken out. My reason for this
is, that I am opposed to enacting any statute that
is in itself impracticable in its operation. The
District of Columbia is surrounded on all sides by
bank issues. I am told that the States of Virginia
and Maryland issue bank notes of the denomi-
nation of five dollars. All of the States north of
Mason and Dixon's line have a paper circulation;
and it is a matter of necessity with the merchants,
hotel keepers, market men, business men of this
District, to take bank paper. They cannot trans-
act their business without it. I found myself a
criminal on my first arrival in this city. I had no
gold. I had one dollar notes, and small notes of
different denominations, which I offered, suppos-
ing that I was perform nig a legal act: lmt a negro
told me that it was against the law. I, in good
faith, offered these bank notes. They were good
where I came from. I offered a cabman a dollar
note, and he told me I was a criminal. I put it
in my pocket, very glad to escape the penalty;
and if you enact this law, it is an absolute neces-
sity that men will be criminals, and criminals en
masse. I presume to say that ninety-nine out of
one hundred of all the men who enter this Dis-
trict from any State in the Union bring bank notes,
and bank notes only, and bank notes under the
denomination of twenty dollars. What are these
men to do ? They stop at your hotels, they em-
ploy your cabs, they step into your stores to make
their purchases, anil they have bank notes which
arc at home as good as gold. You say to them—
I will read the language of the section, and you
will see that it is, and must of necessity be, a dead
letter:
" Sec. a. -Sixi he it further cnacted. That from and after
the 1st day of April next it shall not be lawful tor any per-
son or persons, or any association, partnership, or com-
pany of individuals, whether chartered or unchartered,
within the District of Columbia, directly or indirectly, to
issue or leissue, oi pay out, pass, exchange''—
You do not allow them even to exchange their
bank notes—
" put in circulation, transfer, or cause to be issued, paid
out, passed, exchanged, circulated, or transferred, any bank
note, note, bill, certificate, or any acknowledgment of in-
debtedness whatsoever, purporting to be a bauk note, or of
the nature, character, or appearance of a bank note, or cal-
culated for circulation as a bank note, issued or purporting
to be issued by any person or association of persons, or any
bank or incorporated company, not located within the Dis-
trict of Columbia, of a less denomination tban twenty dol-
lars. Every violation of the provisions of this section, by any
corporation or body corporate, or persons engaged in bank-
ing business, shall subject such corporation or body corpo-
rate, or persons so engaged in banking business, to the pay-
ment of $500; and any violation of this section by any
other person shall subject such person to the payment of
twenty-five dollars, one half of which, in each case, shall
go to the informer, and the other half to the United States,
and may be sued for and recovered as debts of like amount
are now by law recoverable in any action of debt, in the
name of the United States, as well for the use of the in-
former as for the United States."
The very moment you enact that statute, you
make a dead letter. This paper must circulate.
It will be depreciated, to be sure, but it will and
must circulate. Why enact a law which, from
necessity, must be nugatory? I think there is not
a Senator on this floor but what appreciates this
state of facts. I hope that that clause will ba
stricken out. I am in favor of the first "clause. I
believe that individuals should not be permitted
to issue bank notes without authority of law. If
this last section be stricken out, I shall vote for
the first. We have a similar law in my own State,
and we deem it a very necessary law.
Mr. SEWARD. Permit me to ask the honor-
able Senator, if he has read the bill very carefully,
whether the bill prohibits a man from losing
money, for I do that sometimes, and I should like
to know whether there is any penalty for that ?
Mr. CHANDLER: I have not examined it
with sufficient care to answer the question. Then,
again, sir, it is a mistaken idea that gold flows in
to fill up a vacuum. In mj^own State we have
scarcely any banking capital. I think we have,
in the State of Michigan, scarcely half a million
dollars of banking capital. What is the conse-
quent ? That gold comes in to fill the vacuum.'
No, sir; but the poorest class of currency that
will come in and circulate is the kind with which
we are flooded. Our brokers send off to Indiana,
Illinois, and Wisconsin, and other States wlnye
the currency is depreciated two or three per cent.,
and purchase it with drafts on New York, and put
it in circulation; and that is four fifths of the cir-
culation of the State of Michigan at this time.
If you enact this second section, it will be a
dead letter,and you depredate this currency, it is
true, but it will pass. It will pass in your markets
and stores, and at your hotels, and all over this
city, in direct violation of the law. That is inev-
itable; but it becemes depreciated, and what will
be the result? Your clerks who are receiving
$100 a month, many of them in debt, and com-
pelled to anticipate, will step into Mr. Corcoran's
orMr. Somebody-else's broker shop,and ask that
their monthly pay be anticipated. They say,
" Wc have some bank notes here that pass very
well; they are two or three per cent, below par;
if you can use those, we will anticipate your pay-
ment." They take these bank notes, and put
them directly m circulation again, and it results in
an enormous profit to your brokers, to your
wealthy men, and a loss to your consumers and
your poor men. I hope that this section will be
stricken out, and then I will vote for the first sec
tion of the bill.
Mr. PUGH. Did I not understand that we
adopted an amendment striking out the words
"exchange," and "exchanged," where they oc-
curred ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Those words
were stricken out.
Mr. PUGH. Then, so Tar as the objection of
the Senator from Michigan is concerned, it is
clearly not well founded; it is not an offense to
exchange paper of that denomination brought
from abroad for specie. As to the paper of which
he speaks from distant States, it does not circulate,
at all in the District of Columbia, simply because
nobody will take it. To-day nobody will take it.
Mr. CHANDLER. Yes, they will.
Mr. PUGH. A man may take a one dollar
; bill in a pressure in particular circumstances, but
i that is not circulation. I agree that the paper of
I Maryland and Virginia does circulate here, and
! it is precisely that I want to drive out. It is a
common trick of bankers to circulate their paper
I as far from the place of redemption as possible.
I It is the art and scheme of them. They never
