448
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[.Juno 8,
36th Com.... 1st Sess.
Missouri Contested Election—Mr. Marston.
Ho. op Rem.
Mr. MARSTON. There was.
Mr. WEBSTER. Did not the vote increase
in that very ward some two hundred and fifty
votes over the election held in August?
Mr. MARSTON. I cannot say that it was not
so.
Mr. "WEBSTER. Is tt not a fact that, at the
election in ApnJ, two hundred and fifty more
votes wore polled than were polled at the August
election; that the Democratic and American votes
corresponded with the August votes; and that the
vote of the Republican candidate increased two
hundred and fifty over that of August?
Mr. BLAIR, (contestant.) The gentleman is
mistaken m reference to that. The votes of the
Democratic candidate fell off seven hundred from
that given for Mr. Barret m August, while the
Republican candidate gamed two thousand votes.
Mr. WEBSTER. That is not my question.
I waa speaking of the election in the ninth waid,
and of the returns from that ward to which the
gentleman from New Hampshire was referring,
and not to the vote of the whole city. The fact
will bear out what I said on that subject. In the
ninth ward the increase in the vote at the April
election over the August election was two hun-
dred and fifty. The Democratic vote and the
American vote was the same; but the Republican
vote increased.
Mr. BLAIR, (contestant.) I simply wish to
say in reference to the ninth ward that, whilst
the candidateon the several city tickets maintained
precisely the same vote as was given in August,
the alderman upon the Republican ticket was
elected in that ward.
Mr.MARSTON. The remarkable thing about
the vote in this ward is, that while the united vote
of Blair and of the American candidate fell off
about 100 from that cast in 1656, the vote of the
national Democratic party went up from 149 to
910.
In the Gravois precinct the vote in 1856 was:
for Blair, 4; Kennett, (American,) 47*, Reynolds,
(Democrat,) 4. In 1$53 the vote was: for Blair,
7: Breckinridge, (American,) 23; Barret, 153.
'£ Petri IliiikUransi, of Jrtwful beiri^ produced and
duly -worn, t^tilied as follows:
" Q.ik-«uoii> by Mr. Blair •
" Question. U'en; you at the polls at the Giavois coal
miaun on thu <J;tv oi Us-t August election ?
Answer. Ye-, Sir.
" Question. Dai jou challenge any person who offered
to vote tiieie:
u Jlnsn cr. Ye<. tar, I did.
" QueMon. Who was it who offered to vote that you
challenged.5
" Amwcr. I do not Know their names; there wore nine
altogether.
" Question. Were they >\vorn?
lk -'Iwiwcr. No, ^ir.
11 Quettion. Why wcro they not sworn?
il •hts'rcr. Tli'1)1 would not swear.
<* Question. Did one of' the judges threaten you for chal-
lenging tljtjin
" Am-' pr. Ifi; told me to go out of the house ; I had no
business theie.
" Question. Winch one o{ the judges?
lL Ansucr. ft wa.- William Height.
" Question. Where did these men come from ?
<k si as tee r. it is >aid they worked near the Sulphur
spline.
" Ques/icm. Did they vote?
iLAwer. No, sir; they did not.
<v Question. Were any other persons challenged there on
that day :
A)k'/'t. \o, sit ; the^ewer" all that were challenged.
" Question. Were there many person^ wno voted theie
that u ok-granger--
u Ansi a. 1 lhmk there weie one halt that voted there
that 1 never saw before.
" Question. Weie they known to any prison-- there '
" sinswer. I don't think there was anv hody acquainted
With them, except Mi. Giay?
Question. Who i? Giny ?
" Answer. Ed. Cray, county enginees, or something.
c* Question. Did he bring mostofthose men there?
An^wci. I can't s?a\ : he was a kind of agent ior them
there.
'* Question. Were any oflhem «.\vom?
** vlnf-iccr. Not one 0/ them.5'
Cross-examination, same witness:
" ClU'vtions by Mr. Bap.rlt:
" Quesliyn. Tor whom wore those men whom you chal-
lenged going to vote?
"Answer. The intional Democratic ticket. Mr. Grav
made their ticket-, out for them.
" Quesfio?i Did i understand j ou to ^ay that most of the
stranger*, there came from the counrv road?
i'Ansner. No, sir: you unties--tood me to say that one
half o' the men thut voted there were-tranger.-*, and thev
eame from the county load. * :
" Ques^on. What toad did they come from ?
u Answer. I understood they came from the county road; !
I thought at first they were from the poor-house; but the '
men who weie with them ~aul they came fiom the county
ro.id, where they were working.
" Question. Did thev all come together ?
" Answer. No, sn ; they came in d.lfeient lot^.
•' Question. How long have you been living out theie ?
Ansuer. About thuteen year<.
" Question. Did you >av that half the men who voted at
the Giavois precinct carac from the county road?
Ansaer. Yes, sir ; they weie, or it was reported there
a« being so; 1 did not &ee thein come ftom the county road.
Question. Were you at the polls all day?
Answer. Pretty much.
"Reexamined by Mr. Blair:
il Question. Does. Gray live there?
11 Answer. No, he don't,-''
In the eastern precinct of the fifth ward the vote
wasasfollows: 1856, Blair, 300; Kennett, (Amer-
ican,) 967; Reynolds, (Democrat,) 165; total,
1,432. In 1858, Blair, 349; Breckinridge, (Ameri-
can,) 1,087; Barret, G93; being a gain of 697 in
the whole vote, of which the candidate of the na-
tional Democratic party received 528.
At the election for mayor, in 1858, only 21 more
votes were cast in this precinct than at the elec-
tion for the same officer m 1857.
Now, I submit that a comparison of the votes
cast for the candidates of the different parties in
these several precincts in 1856 and in 1«58, to-
gether with an examination of the proofs to which
1 have referred, cannot fail to convince any im-
partial nund that fraudulent votes, to anenormous
extent, were polled foi the sitting member m those
precincts. I have made no reference to the census
lists, nor to any hearsay testimony. The evidence
to which 1 have called the attention of the House
is legal and competent to prove the charge of fraud-
ulent vor.ng made by the contestant; and it is, for
the most part, uncontradicted and unexplained,
and it comes from witnesses about whose veracity
and means of knowledge no question has been
made.
The contestant charges that in several precincts
the judges of the election were guilty of improper
and fraudulent conduct in refusing to allow chal-
lenges, and in neglecting and refusing to admin-
ister the requisite oaths to persons offering to vote.
Are these charges sustained by the evidence? The
minority of the committee, m their report, say
they are not. There is a most remarkable want
of candor in the minority report, on this point.
While pretending to cite the testimony of several
witnesses, it entirely omits all that part of the tes-
timony which iciates to the subject, but quotes
other portions of the testimony, which have no
bearing upon it whatever. At the Giavois pre-
cinct Peter Hildebrand challenged nine persons
at the same time, and they would not swear, and
did not vote. One of the judges then ordered him
out of the house, saying he had no business there.
Thereupon he desisted from challenging, and no
other poisons were challenged during the day,
and none were sworn, although half of those
who voted there were strangers to the witness—
who was an old resident of the precinct—and
strangers to everybody else there, so far as tiie
witness could learn.
At Carondelet, where sixty persons voted for
the sitting member who could not be identified by
anybody in the township, and who, it may fairly
be inferred from the testimony, were there on that
occasion for t he fust time m their lives, the judges
omitted entirely to administer the oath to those
offering to vote that they had not voted and would
not vote at any other place at that election.
At the eastern precinct of the eighth ward that
form of oath was not administered at all, though
a Democratic judge swears that between three and
four hundred of the votes polled there were fiaud-
ulent, which he admits would not have been the
case if all the judges had done aw lie thought they
ought.
But to this evidence no reference is made in the
minonty report, and the charge is there dismissed
with the lemark that the " testimony has eutm ly
failed to support the charges of fraud and partial-
ity on the part of the judges.5*
Pray what would be evidence of fraudulent ;
conduct on the pat t of judges of an election, if the
proofs to which i have referred are not? When !
large bodies of strangers presented themselves to ;
vot«- in small precincts, m which all the inhabit- ,
ants are known to each other, the judges must
have known, either that they were not entitled to <
vote at all, or entitled by virtue of having a resi- j
dence in -some other part of the districtor county. \
In the latter event, they were required by law to !
swear that they luid not voted and would not vote
at any other place at that election. To receive
their votes without requiring that oath to be taken
was a gross neglect of a plain duty, and of so
gross a character as to amount to positive fraud.
The contestant charges, in his notice of contest,
that the judges of the election in the Gravois,
Harlem House, and Sappin^ton precincts, and
the eastern precinct of the fifth ward, were not
sworn as required by the laws of Missouri.
If the fact be so, according to all the congres-
sional precedents, the votes of those precincts
should be thrown out.
The congressional cases aie uniform on this
point: that the refusal or neglect of the election
officers to take th* oath required by law vitiates
the poll of such election district.
It was so decided in the case of Draperfs. John-
son, in the Twenty-Second Congress, by the
Committee of Elections and by the House. In
that case thecommtttee leporteda resolution to the
House declaring the seat vacant; but the House,
rejecting all the votes from the precincts where the
election officers were not sworn, and where the
votes were taken m the absence of the clerk",
confirmed the sitting member in his seat. (Con-
tested Election Cases, p. 268.)
In McFarland vs. Purvmnee, Eighth Congress,
the election officers for Montgomery county re-
fused to take the oath required by law, and the
Committee of Elections held that sufficient to set
aside the election for that county; but as the su-
tina: menibt r still had a majority of votes in the
district, the committee reported that there wrs
not sufficient evidence to vacate his seat. (Con-
tested Election Cases, p. 131.)
In the case of McFariand vs. Culpepper, in the
Tenth Congress, the committee rejected the \otes
in three counties, because the inspectors and
cleiks conducting the election were not sworn as
the law required, which appeared to leave a large
majority for the contestant; but as, in the opinion
of the committee, " the truth of that was doubt-
ful, " they recommended that the seat be declared
vacant, in which the House concurred. (Con-
tested Election Cases, p. 222.)
The case of Easton rs. Scott, a case from Mis-
souri, is to the same point. (Contested Election
Cases, p. 273.)
It is also a legal presumption that the oath re-
quired has been taken, eveiy officer being pre-
sumed to have done his duty. Whoever, there-
fore, affirms that the election officers were not
sworn according to the requirements of the law is
hound to prove it. He is not bound to make ple-
nary proof of this negative allegation, hut he must
offer some proof sufficient to rebut the legal pre-
sumption, In this case, the buiden rests upon the
contestant. lie musi renderit more probable than
otherwise that the judges m those precincts weie
not sworn, or the legal piesmnption that they
were sworn must pievai). A law of Missouri,
passed in 1825, required the judges of elections,
befor< entering upon the duties of their appoint-
ment, to be sworn to the faithful and impartial
discharge thereof: and the law also required that
a certificate thereof be returned with the return of
the votes to the office of the clerk of the court.
And that law is still in force.
Mr. BARRET. I ask leave to interrupt the
gentleman from New Hampshire for a moment.
He s lys that the law of 1625 is in force no\v\ I
say it has been repeahd. I can show u. The
gentleman ouLrht to know it, bccause he i^a law-
yer; and any man wlu^is a lawyer, and Will read
the act, must know that that law was lepealed
by the act of 1835.
Air. MAUSTOX. So far the law applied to
the election of Suite officer5?, r was re:>< ah*d,iilid
supplied by another act, somewhat diileit jit, at
the tunc of the i"Vis;onof the statutes m jS35;
but so far as the election of membei -• of Con:;u s*
was concerned, it was continued in foice by an
act passed on the 4th day of February, 1835.
The law is in these woids:
** Elccfion of metn'icvi to Cznorai.
" Be it enacte Thru an elect-im - hall h: h"hl at the <-cv-
ei:il eh'ctiofj p• 'c tK-"- in ft,- >! a >.o.i th • te-M Mo-mIivm
Augu-t ,the firit Monday in A<n?u -t,l83i5.a>i<? <m i!.r fu >t
.%lon n\ rt \.i ai -. ev 'i> ' w.> \ ■ liu'i.M' um . an the pm-
po* ; or oloctlny two member- to Conar^s fi out thh State ;
and tlie viU election to bo governed in all other r.'-p"c's
under Ike laws ,rhick governed the election of members to
Congiz$$ kcretofore.,}
