870
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
want it to come home for redemption. They
resort to devices and schemcs; they will loan a
man §10,000, §20,000, or $50,000 of their circula-
tion, on condition that he will take it off to a dis-
tant point and there distribute it, so that it shall
not come homo to bo redeemed, and with the hope
that a great part of it will never come home. That
is not honest banking even, and yet it is their
common custom. Although I would have been
perfectly satisfied with the bill in its original
shape, a prohibition of anything less than twenty
dollars, because no man is going to take a twenty
dollar note unless he knows something about the
bank; and although I was still better satisfied
with the limitation of fifty dollars, yet, if I was
brought to record my vote, I would record it
agaiiist the circulation of a single paper bank
note, for I believe the whole system of paper
money to be an infraction of the Constitution of
the United States, and a fraud on the people. I
never did vote for issuing a paper dollar any-
where; neither in the Lcgislatuie of my State nor
elsewhere.
There is no necessity for paper money in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, whether issued here or brought
from abroad. -No man comes here bringing with
him any considerable amount, unless he brings it
with him in the shape of a bill of exchange, or for
ordinary expenses in money. There is no neces-
sity to bring bank bills here; and in this place,
where the Government of the United States has
exclusive jurisdiction, where it ought to carry out
the idea of the Constitution, namely, a circulation
of gold and silver, where we have a perfect efflux
from the Treasury of millions of specie all the
time, there is no necessity for any honest busi-
ness in the District of Columbia requiring the
issue of bank paper. •
Although, as 1 said, 1 was satisfied with the bill
in its original form, if the section be stricken out
which the Senator proposes to strike out, the busi-
ness will be far worseithan it is now. Here are
these illegitimate institutions issuing paper; but I
would rather that they should issue it, than have
bank hills brought herefrom Wisconsin and Iowa
airtl Ohio; for, though I believe bank bills in Ohio
would be paid on ledemption, the probability is
that a great part of them would never be brought
home for redemption. So, it seems to me, that
striking out the second section makes this the har-
bor for all the shin-plasters in the country. I do
not suppose the Senator from Michigan designs
that; I presume he is opposed to the bill.
Mr. CHANDLER. I am-in favor of the first
section.
Mr. PUGH. The Senator himself voted to strike
out the limitation of fiftv dollars.
Mr. CHANDLER.-"Certainly I did.
Mr. PUGH. Now he complains of it.
Mr. CHANDLER. Not at all.
Mr PUGH. 1 t is consistent in mo to vote
that way, because I am opposed to all hank paper;
hut why lie voted that way, and proposes now to
strike out thesection, unless it is an ordinary par-
liamentary maneuver to kill the bill, I cannot im-
agine. If I do him injustice, I submit to be cor-
rected.
Mr. KING. I shall vote against striking1 out
this section, bccauso I am in favor of any fair
measure of reform in relation to the paper cur-
rency, and this if? the only measure which has
come from the other side of the House that looks
like old-fashioned Democracy. It smells of Jack-
sonism; and I would have preferred the bill had it
fixed the lowest denomination of notes at ten dol-
lars, because 1 think that is a practical measure of
reform. 1 would havo  voted for it at fifty dollars.
I voted to strike out the fifty, but with the inten-
tion to move to restore it to twenty, which I think
is a fair denomination of note to begin with. I
think that, it was a great misfortune that the ef-
fort which was made to strike out those small
notes from the States was suspended by the fail-
ure of the State banks in 1837. Without that, we
should have irone forward in some reasonable
measures of reform, and I am glad to see that some
of the States have adhered to i't. In my judgment,
al) the ordinary basis of circulation in currency is
much better to be in specie in the hands of the
people, than it is to be represented by small paper,
leaving the specie to flow in large deposits to our
cities and be carried abroad, producing, I think,
more than any other single cause, the extreme
mercantile fluctuations and the suspension of the
currency which we have witnessed. That is my
opinion; and I think that a smaller denomination
than fifty dollars to begin with is better.
I shu.ll vote to retain the section; but shall en-
deavor to get the question presented so as to record
my opinion in favor of the twenty-dollar denom-
ination, and hope the bill will pass. It looked to
me, when there was a disposition to assent to
striking out the limitation, as ifit was amere meas-
ure brought forward here on which we might ex-
press opinions without expecting any practical
result.
We all know the strong interest there is in those
who issue this money; they make a profit out of
it, and the mercantile community are interested
as debtors and in various ways. It is one of those
reforms with which the pecuniary interests of so
many are connected that it is difficult to get it; yet,
in my judgment, it will prove very salutary to us
all when wc get it.
I think it is not desirable to strike at the right
to issue and to pass notes of large denominations.
People come here from distant parts of the coun-
try where it is much more difficult to get gold than
it is here, and they are compelled to bring the
currcncy of their locality with them to meet their
expenses, and I would allow them to use those
notes m large denominations; but I would strike
out what constitutes the ordinary circulation.
Twenty-dollar notos do not form much of the or-
dinary circulation of any community; pretty much
all of our transactions are in smaller amounts
than that. Payments of bills that run up to larger
sums may be liquidated in large bills. I hope
the section will be retained.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Michigan to
strike out the second section of the bill.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. NICHOLSON. Mr. President, this bill
is now in a shape which suits my views of cur-
rency exactly, and I expect to vote for it; but if
we are to pass it, another question presents it-
self. We allow the associations which now exist
in this city to go On doing what I consider a le-
gitimate banking business; that is, they will be
institutions of deposit and discount, and author-
ized to deal in exchange. Now, a question arises,
whether it is not the cluty of Congress to guard
the citizens of this District by putting some re-
strictions and regulations upon these associations
even in that legitimate business? Some of the
citizens of this place, who have no objection what-
ever to the abolishing of a paper circulation alto-
gether, who favor the policy of this bill, and who
look to the present associations to furnish them
with facilities in the way of discount and for de-
posit, have suggested two amendments, which I
propose to the bill: one has reference to requisi-
tions now existing in these articles of association
requiring nine directors to be annually elected;
ana the other is, that there shall be a semi-annual
publication of the condition of these associations.
When the act of 1841 was passed, which limited
the existence of these charters to the 4th of July,
1844, the sixth section of that act required them,
during the continuance of their charters, to elect
annually nine directors, and to fill up ail vacan-
cies that might occur.
When the 4th of July, 1844, came, and these
charters expired, the associations now in exist-
ence were formed, and agreed to go on banking
with the same provisions that existed in their
charters, as 1 understand, one of which was that
they should annually elect nine directors. Itturns
out that two or three of those associations have
failed altogether to carry out this part of the agree-
ment, whilst others have faithfully complied with
it. The result has been that, in two of these insti-
tutions, I am told, the directors have dwindled
down to some four or five, and they refuse alto-
gether to have elections so as to provide for the
nine that were required originally in their char-
ters and agreed to m their articles of association.
Those citizens here who feel an interest in this
matter, are anxious that they shall be compelled,
as long as they continue to act as public institu-
tions—for this is reajly the effect, though they are
not authorized by law—they shall be compelled
to keep up this security for their interests by an
annual election,and having the boards composed
of nine; and especially that they shall, twice
every year—in January and July—publish in the
newspapers a true statement of their condition.
At the suggestion of some of thosej3itizens, I pro-
pose two additional sections to carry out these
objects.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the sixth section
of an act, approved on the 25th day of August, 1811, f=hall
be so construed as to require of the associations to which
said act refers, within forty days after the pass-age of this
act, to fill up their respective boards ot directors by the elec-
tion of such number of stockholders a? will make their
number nine, as required by the act aforesaid, and that
during the continuance of their associations, on the first
Monday in January, in each and every year, they shall hold
an election for nine directors, and upon failure «=o to do,
the person acting as president of said association, shall be
liable to a fine ot not less than $100 nor more than §500:
and whenever a vacancy shall hereafter happen, by death
or resignation, the same shall be immediately filled by the
other directors.
Sec. 4. Jlnd be it further enacted, That each of said as-
sociations referred to in the act of the 25th of August, 18 i 1
be, and they are hereby, required, under the oath? of the
persons acting as president and cashier, on the 10th ofJan-
uaiy and 10th of July, in each and every >ear, to wake u
public and true statement of the condition and alfatr* of
each of said associations.
It will be seen that this amendment does not
propose in any respect to interfere with the policy
of the original bill, but it proposes to guard the
citizens of this District against mismanagement.
I have no objection myself to private banking in-
stitutions where the individuals are responsible
for all their debts; but the idea of banking associ-
ations for sixteen years usurping the right and
privilege of making and circulating paper money,
seems to me to be a matter of astonishment. I
think that the duty to correct this evil devolves
on Congress, and I shall most cheerfully support
this bill with that view; but I think we owe more
to the citizens of this District than to stop there.
I think we ought to interfere at least to the extent
which I have proposed, and probably we shall
find, in our experience hereafter, thai wc shall
have to go further—to take the regulation even of
private banking so far under our charge as to pro-
tect the public. That is the sole object of this
amendment, and I hope it will be adopted.
Mr. SLIDELL. I should have no sort of ob-
jection to these amendments, did I not fear that
they might possibly, by implication, admit the
continued existence of these institutions as char-
tered institutions, having certain rights and priv-
ileges. If they be, as 1 think they are now, more
unauthorized associations of individuals, I doubt
very much whether we have the right to interfere
with or control their affairs. Wc may say, "You
shall so conduct your affairs as not to jeopardize
the interests of the public; you shall not tamper
with the circulation;" but the basis of this bill,
and of the report of the committee, was the recog-
nition of the fact that there were no authorized
chartered associations here, and that these parties
were acting as merely private individuals, hy a
law of their own, and subject to the general com-
mercial law of the District. If that be the case, I
submit to the Senator from Tennessee with all
deference, because the subject is sprung on me
suddenly,whether it mightnot, perhaps, as I said
before, result, not by necessary, but perhaps by
remote implication, that we consider these asso-
ciations nowas enjoying some privileges different
from private individuals. That is the only point.
Mr. NICHOLSON. 1 certainly would not pro-
pose an amendment that would do that, and I will
put in a proviso to obviate that.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I cannot for a moment con-
sent to support this amendment, nor to vote for
the bill if the amendment goes in. It assumes to
regulate the business of these individuals—those
banking operations, which they have a perfect
right to conduct, and which do not affect the pub-
lic at large. I do not understand upon what prin-
ciple it can be supposed that where there is a
body of private individuals collected together for
the purpose of conducting business of any kind
in which the public at large is not interested, it is
the duty of Congress to interfere and protect the
interest of the parties.
So far as the issuing of circulation is concerned,
that is a public matter under our control, and
which, I think, Congress has been derelict in not
controlling afc an earlier period than this. The
moment we take from these associates the power
of issuing currency as circulation, we have done
all that our duty as public legislators permits us
to do; and this call on us to protect the associates,
by insisting that their agents shall hold proper
elections, and shall renew the vacancies in their
bodies, is calling on us to do sometlung with which
