I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
449
36m Coxa 1st Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Ffoustoyi.
Ho. of Reps.
And this law has boon reenacted at every re-
vision of the laws of that State since. The only
point of difference between the law applicable to
the election of State officers and the one I have
read, continuing in force the law of 1825, regu-
lating the election of members to Congress, winch
is at all pertinent to the present inquiry, is this:
the latter requires a certificate of the oath required
to be taken by the judges of election to be re-
turned with the poll-book) while the former does
not. Copies of all the poll-books are contained
in the record, and we find upon thorn, in proper
form, certificates of the oaths inquired to be taken
by the judges and clerks, except those from the
Gravois, Harlem House, and Sappington pre-
cincts, and the eastern precinct of the fifth ward,
it seems, therefore, to be understood in Missouri
that the law passed in 1825, requiring certificates
of the oaths taken by the judges and clerks, is
still in force. Now, the only evidence that the
judges in those precincts were not sworn, is the
certified copies of the poll-books found in the rec-
ord. It appears, by inspection, that the judges
at the other precincts were all sworn, but it does
not so appear in respect to the judges at those
precincts to which exception is taken.
In the case of Draper vs. Johnson, to which I
have already referred, it was decided that, as the
law of Virginia required a record of the oath taken
by election officers to be filed in the clerk's office,
a certificate from the clerk that such certificate had
not been filed, was sufficient to shift the burden
of proof upon the other party. So here, the law
requiring a certificate of the oath to be returned
with the poll-book, and it appearing, by inspec-
tion, not to have been returned, that is sufficient
to rebut the legal presumption that the election
officers had done their duty. Of this the sitting
member has no right to complain. It imposes
no hardship upon him. If the judges were in fact
sworn, he could readily luive shown it. He might
have called the judges themselves to testify to that
fact. Indeed, he did call one of them for another
purpose, but he did not inquire of him whether
he had been sworn or not But the contestant
could not compel the judges to testify that they
had not been sworn—that they had been guilty
of a criminal neglect of duty. It would always
be difficult, and often impossible, for a party to
offer plenary proof of a negative allegation. Nor
is such proof required. The sitting member can-
not complain of surprise in this matter; for the
charge was made in the notice of contest, and in-
sisted upon throughout the argument. He took
testimon}' upon neatly over}?' other charge made
by the contestant; but in reference to this he is
silent.
But it is said the people of a precinct or town-
ship ought not to be disfranchised because the
election officers either Jieglucted or refused to take
the oath required by law. Nor need they. If
informalities exist in the returns, the state of the
vote may bu shown by other evidence. We can
go behind the returns, and inqune into the facts,
and correct any errors that may exist. But in
this case nothing of the sort has been done. The
sitting member relies solely upon the returns of
these unsworn officers. He has made no attOYnpt
to verify them by other evidence. To receive
these returns, and give to them the same effect as
to the returns of officers who have in all respects
complied with the law, will be establishing a most
dangerous precedent. The effect will be practi-
cally to nullify all laws intended to guard and
protect the right of suffrage and to secure the
faithful and impartial performance of the duties
incumbent upon those intrusted with the conduct
of elections.
THE TARIFF.
SPEECH OF HON. G. S. HOUSTON,
OF ALABAMA,
In the House of Representatives,
May 8, 1860. |
The House being in tlie Committee of the WlWte oii the i
state of the Union— j
Mr. HOUSTON said: I
Mr. Chairman: At the tisae discussion com- j
menced on this bill, my time- was necessarily oc- j
New Series—No, 29.
cupied in the examination of other matters of
legislation; besides, I supposed (as all did on this
side of the House) that the debate would not be
closed upon the bill until after the national con-
ventions had been held. In this, it seems, I have
been misled, and I am now forced into the dis-
cussion of the grave and important questions
growing out of the proposition to increase largely
the taxes of the people, without such recent ex-
aminationasl desired to make. Even under such
disadvantages, I am unwilling to permit the oc-
casion to pass without entering my protest against
the provisions of this hill, and giving briefly some
of my reasons for it.
The question is an important one. The taxing
power of the Government, and its duty growing-
out of the exercise of that power, in view of the
constitutional grant, present questions which, in
my judgment, are not surpassed in importance
by any ever agitated in an American Oongtess.
I at orfbe acknowledge the vast magnitude and
importance of the questions growing out of African
slavery as it exists in some of the States of our
Union. I am satisfied that upon its adjustment
and final settlement the fate of the Government
depends, and properly depends. Yet no question
connected with the (government can be of more
interest or importance than those growing out of
the bill under consideration.
I was pleased to hear the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Sherman-] admit so fully and distinctly that
a duty levied upon imports is a tax upon those
who consume such imports. I do not consider
it, therefore, necessary, in view of such emphatic
admission, to submit any remark's with a view to
establish that proposition. In the discussions of
the tariff in times past, that was a disputed point.
Those who favored duties for protection, as this
bill proposes, denied that the consumers of this
country paid the tax or duty levied upon imports.
I am pleased tluU the piolertionists aic now dis-
posed to deal more frankly and candidly with the
subject, and admit that the taxes proposed in tVis
bill—exorbitant and unjust as I know them to
be—aie to be paid (if the bill shall become a law)
by the consumers of this country for the beneJii
(as I am sure will be admitted by candid debaters)
of the manufacturers. That is a correct statement
of the case, and presents to our constituents the
true and precise question, whether they are will-
ing to be thus taxed in their necessary consump-
tion, not because the Government needs tlie
moi!ty, but to prosper and enrich the manufac-
turing interests.
The pretext presented by those who want pro-
tection is, that we are not receiving, under the
existing law, sufficient revenue to meet the just
and proper demands of the Government. That
is a mere pretext, as I propose to show. In 1857
our receipts, under the law of 3846, were said to
be too large. I was then satisfied they were too
large. 1 have not changed that opinion; and while
the present law, passed m that year, did not suit !
mo m pome of its provisions, yet I voted for it as
the. best I could £>et. It was a reduction of the
receipts into the Treasury, as well as a reduction
of the taxes upon the people. An effort is now
bcins: made to increase the duties to a point much
higher than they were under the law of lS46,upon
the alleged ground that our lecojpts into the Treas-
ury are too small.
Why all of this? Are these statements cor-
rect? If they arc, if our receipts are not sufficient
to meet the just demands of the Government,
what is the proper remedy ? What course should
wise and patriotic statesmen pursue to remedy
the evil? They should, if practicable, curtail the
expensesof the'Qovernm^nt.and in thatwaybring
its expenditures to a point where they could be
met by itsincome. Let us adopt that course. Let
us cease to waste the money of the Government.
Let us dispense with unnecessary and extrava-
gant appiopnalions and sec if in that way we can-
not avoid an increase of taxation. We are just
emerging from most serious commercial troubles
and embarrassments: a revulsion in the commer-
cial world which extended to every interest in the
country with most blighting effects; impairing
and, in many cases, destroying the circulating
medium of the country: checking, to a large ex-
tent, its commerce and*trade. Under such circum-
stances, how could we expect the usual amount
of imports or tho usual amount of receipts into
the Treasury > A prudent man in a case like this,
and at a time like this, would reduce his expenses
arid husband his means so as to be able to weather
the storm and pass safely through the crisis.
The Government should do the same.
Mr. Chairman, I wish to present another "view
in this connection. Even if we had been prudent
and economical to a proper extent, which I deny,
yet I would be unwilling to increase the taxe®,
for the reason that the law of 1857 has not had a
fair trial. I ask, as one of the representatives of
tho consumers, and, of course, of the tax-payers,
that the present law shall be properly tested he-
fore you put another in its place. Let us see
whether it will answer the purposes for which it
was enacted. If you give it such a trial, and it
shall fail to produce means enough to meet the
just and economical wants of the Government,
then I will assist in making such modifications as
may be necessary to produce the desired results;
otherwise, I will resist any effort to increase the
rates of dutyunder it. No injury can result from
giving it such further trial, for in any event, we
are compelled to renew a portion of our loan, in
some form. Our outstanding Treasury notes
must be redeemed before any tariff bill we may
enact can produce its effects upon our receipts; so
that, if I should admit (which I do not) that the
proposed bill would enlarge our receipts, yet the
supposed increase of receipts will not take place
in time to redeem those Treasury notes; ana you
will be compelled, even if you change your rates
of duty, to provide for the redemption of those
notes. The bill before us proposes to make a
loan to meet the outstanding Treasury notes.
Then why not make the loan, or renew the au-
thority to issue Treasury notes, and leave the
present law as it is, that it may vindicate itself,
or establish, beyond doubt, its insufficiency? The
present law is yielding more revenue than its
friends claimed for it at the time it was enacted.
Its ftiends calculated its yield at $50,000,000 per
annum. Has it met their expectations? Have
their estimates been realized? If so, why change
it? The difficulty, Mr. Chairman, is not that the
law docs not produce revenue enough, but that
Congress unnecessarily expends and wastes the
money. Let us correct that abuse, and we will
have ample means, not only to meet current ex-
penses, but to pay the public debt in a few years.
The law of 1857 went into operation the 1st of
July, 1857, and tho first year of its existence,
ending 30th of June, 1858, was a disastrous one,
because of the financial troubles to which I have
already referred, which occurred in the early part
of the fall, and when the law had been in exist-
ence about three months. The effects of the re-
vulsion may, to some extent, be seen in the imports
of that year. Notwithstanding the rates of duty
had been reduced by that law, and, of course, for-
eign products could come into this country more
freely, because paying less duty at our custom-
houses, yet the imports of that year amounted to
$282,613,150, being $78,276,991 less than the year
before, which was under the higher duties of the
law of 1846. The yield of revenue the first year
was only $41,789,0*20 96, caused, in part, by the
reduction of duty, and also by the great failing
off of imports produced by tlie causes to which
I have refened. Those w:io were unfriendly to
the law of 1857, and wanted an increase of duty
for purposes of protection, rejoiced at what they
called a failure of the law to afford proper revenue,
and sought to have the duties made higher. At
that time they failed. I trust they may always
fail in efforts so unjust and unnecessary. I pro-
pose to follow the inquiry on this point a step
further, and see if we cannot find abundant and
satisfactory evidence that our receipts under the
present law will be ample for all proper ends.
The second year of the operation of the law of
1857, from the 1st of July, 1858, to the 30th of
June, 1859, yielded ^49,565,824 38, within a small
amount of the yield its friends estimated for it
when it becamaa law. You can but discover, Mr.
Chairman, that as the country recovers from the
very disastrous effects of the crash of 1857, as
confidence is restored, commerce and trade be-
come more healthy and active, business of all
kinds is becoming prosperous, and, of course', in-
creasing largely the revenue from imports.
