1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
871
we have no concern, and for which the courts will
give the associates proper remedies. It is not for
us to regulate the duties and the responsibilities
of these associates amongst themselves. All we
ought to do, all that our duty can«t all require us
to do, is to protect the public. Amongst them-
selves, let them settle their own interests.
Mr. CLAY. I move that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate ad-
journed.  
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, February 23, 1860.
■ The House met at twelve o'clock,m. Prayer
by Rev. Septimus Tustin.
The Journal of Tuesday was read and approved.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate by
Asbtjry Dickins, their Secretary, informing the
House that the Senate had passed an act (S. No.
192) authorizing the corporation of "Washington
city to make a loan and issue stock for $200,000
for building a market-house; in which he was
directed to ask the concurrence of the House.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing message from the President of the United
States:
To the Senate and
House of Representatives of the United States:
Eight memorials numerously signed by our
fellow-citizens, "residents forthe most part within
the territorial limits of Kansas and Nebraska, at
and near the eastern slope of the Rocky Mount-
ains," have been presented to me, containing the
request that I would submit the condition of the
memoralists to the two Houses of'Congress in a
special message. Accordingly, I transmit four of
these memorials to the Senate and four to the
House of Representatives.
These memorialists invoke the interposition of
Congress, and of the Executive, "for the early
extinguishment of the Indian title, a consequent
survey and sale of the public land, and the estab-
lishment of an assaf' office in the immediate and
daily reach of the citizens of that region." They
also urge " the erection of a new Territory from
contiguous portions of New Mexico, Utah, Kan-
sas, and Nebraska," with the boundaries set forth
in their memorial. They further state, if this
request should not be granted, " that (inasmuch
as during this year a census is to be taken) an en-
abling actbe passed, with pro vision uponcondition
that if, on the 1st day of July, 1860, thirty thou-
sand resident inhabitants be found within the lim-
its of the mineral region, then a territorial govern-
ment is constituted, by Executive proclamation;
or if, on the 1st day of September, 1860, one hun-
dred and fifty thousand shall be returned, then a
State organization to occur."
In transmitting these memorials to Congress, I
recommend that such provision may be made for
the protection and prosperity of our fellow citi-
zens, at and near the eastern slope of the Rocky
Mountains, as their distance and the exigencies
of their condition may require for their govern-
ment. JAMES BUCHANAN.
Washington', 20Ih February, 1660.
The message and accompanying papers were
referred to the Committee on Territories, and or-
dered to be printed.
ANNUAL REPORT ON HARBOR IMPROVEMENTS.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of War in
reply to the resolution of the House of Repre-
sentatives, of the 13th instant, requesting the Sec-
retary of War to communicate " the annual report
of Lieutenant Colonel James D. Graham, of the
topographical corps, for the year 1859, on the
harbor improvement for the northern and north-
western lakes;" stating that the paper referred to
is among the documents accompanying the annual
report of the War Department, transmitted to
both Houses with the President's message at the
opening of the present Congress, being an appen-
dix to the report of the chief topographical en-
gineer; which was laid on the table, and ordered to
be printed.
EMPLOYES IN THE CLERK'S OFFICE.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
list containing (he names of all the clerks, mes-
sengers, and laborers, in the office of the Clerk of
the House; the date of their appointment, their
duties, salaries, and the authority under which
they hold their places; which was laid on the
table, and ordered to be printed.
NEBRASKA CONTESTED ELECTION.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House the
evidence taken in the contested-election case of
the Delegate from the Territory of Nebraska;
which was referred to the Committee of Elections
JOHN F. HUNTER.
Mr. ASHMORE I ask leave to introduce a
bill giving a pension to Major John F. Hunter,
for the purpose of having it referred to a com-
mittee.
Mr. CARTER. I object.
Mr. ASHMORE. It is merely for reference,
and will not occupy a moment.
Mr. CARTER. Very well; I withdraw my
objection.
There being no objection, a bill granting a pen-
sion to Major John F. Hunter was read a first
and >second time, and referred to the Committee
on Invalid Pensions.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. BURNETT. I call for the regular order
of business.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I desire permis-
sion to introduce a bill, for the purpose of having
it referred to a committee.
The Clerk proceeded to read the title of the
bill, granting lands to actual settlers in the Ter-
ritories, and for the election of all territorial offi-
cers by the people, and for other purposes.
Mr. BURNETT. I call for the regular order
of business.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. The call is too
late, so far as this bill is concerned. It has been
received without objection.
The SPEAKER. The Chair believes the ob-
jection was made m time.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. 1 rise to a per-
sonal explanation.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness has been called for, which is the election of
a Printer to the House.
CALL Off TIIE HOUSE.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move that there be a eall
of the House.
The motion was agreed to.
The roll was called; an$ the following members
failed to answer to their names:
Messrs. Adraii), Ashley, Bonham, liriggs, Binwn, Horace
F. Clark, Clemens, Clark B. Cochrane, Colfax, Cnvode,
Delano, Dinimick, English, Frank, French, Graham. Hale,
J. Morrison Harris, Hickman, Junkin, Kenyon, Killinger,
Lariabee, Longucckcr, Mallorj, Millward, Ijaban T.
Moore, Palmer, ileagan, Rust, Scranton, Himms, Stevens,
William Stewart, Tappan, Tiain, Vance, Whiteley, Wood,
ami Woodson.
During the roll-call, *
Mr. CAMPBELL stated that Mr. Killingeu
was paired off with Mr. KuNKEL,and Mr. Hick-
mis with Mr. Whiteley.
Mr. KILGORE stated that Mr. Ashley was
paired off with Mr. Niblack on. the question of
the election of Printer, and on that question only.
Mr. PETTIT stated that Mr. Colfax had
paired off with Mr. Craig, of Missouri, till to-
morrow at noon
Mr. SCHWARTZ stated that on the question
of the election of Printer, Mr. Junkix had paired
off with Mr. Montgomery.
Mr. ADAMS, of Kentucky, stated that on the
question of the election of Printer he was paired
off with Mr. Millward; and that Mr. Moore,
I of Kentucky, was paired off with Mr. Woon.
Mr. Stratton* was stated to be paired off, on
the vote for Printer, with Mr. Simms.
Mr. STEWART,ofMaryland, when hisname
was called, said: I was not in the House on Tues-
day last, when my colleague, Mr. Davis, submit-
ted some remarks to the House involving a con-
sideration of Maryland politics. These remarks,
I observe, from the published proceedings in the
Globe, are withheld for revision; and I merely
desire now to say that, after I shall have seen
them published under my colleague's revision, I
may take occasion, in respect to the vindication
of the Legislature of the State ofMaryland, which
I understand to hare been violently assailed, to
make some reply to the observations submitted
by my colleague. I will not now interrupt the
regular order of the House, during this call. I
merely desire to give this notice.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I rise to a privi-
leged question
The SPEAKER. Nobusiness is in orderuntil
the call of the roll is finished. If there be no ob-
jection, all further proceedings under the call will
be dispensed with.
Mr. HOUSTON. I should like to know how
many members arc absent without pairs, if the
Clerk has kept the run of it.
Mr. PHELPS. Report the absentees, and let
us ascertain.
Mr. HOUSTON. I would be glad to have the
absentees called again.
The SPEAKER. The list of absentees will
be again called. The Chair cannot undertake to
state what members are paired.
The list of absentees was again called.
Mr. McQ.UEEN stated that Mr. Bonham was
confined to his room by sickness, and was paired
off on the question of the election of Printer with
Mr. Vandever.
Mr. CONKLING. My colleague, Mr. Frank,
is paired off for some period, that I do not now
recollect, with Mr. Garkett.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine, stated that Mr.
French was paired off with Mr. Vance.
Mr. MOORHEAD stated thatMr.LoNGNECKER
had paired off with Mr. Harris, of Virginia.
Mr. BRISTOW stated that Mr. Mallory was
paired off with Mr. Hall.
Mr. McKNIGHT stated that his colleague, Mr.
Stevens, had paired off with Mr. Clemens.
Mr. SPINNER stated that Mr. Beale was
paired off with Mr. Woodson, till the 8th of
March.
Mr DAVIS, of Indiana, stated that, on all votes
connected with the printing, he was paired off with
Mr. Covode.
By unanimous consent, all further proceedings
in the call were dispensed with.
The SPEAKER. The House will now pro-
ceed to the election of Printer.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. Before the House
proceeds to the election, I desire to make apersonal
explanation.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection, the
gentleman from Missouri may proceed with his
remarks.
There was no objection.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I ask the Clerk to
read what I send to the desk; itis an extract from
the special correspondence of the New York Tri-
bune.
The Clerk read, as follows:
" And It may not be amiss to add, that a a it is with this
Richmond farce, so has it turned out with the more impos-
ing, but never, at any moment, more serious performance
in the House ot Representatives during the protracted con-
test for Speaker. The occupant ot its chair is a Republican
—a1 Black Republican.' Of the twenty chaiinien of stand-
ing committees, who were members of the last House,
eighteen are indorsers of the 'infamous Helper book,'
even the notorious 'John Sherman' himself being placed
at the head of the leading committee. And <*n these eigh-
teen committees, presided over by these Helper indorsers,
we 'lind serving with coinmendaliility docility, Mr. John
B. Clark, the mover of the celebrated resolution which so
long agitated Congress—he himself asking to be placed on
a committee whose chairman is one ol the very men whom
that resolution condemned as unfit to be Speaker."
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I now ask, in
justice to myself, that the honorable Speaker will
state to the House and the country, whether I
ever made such an application to him myself, di-
rectly or indirectly, or whether any gentleman
ever asked for me, by my authority, that I should
be placed on the Committee on Territories, or any
other committee of this House?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has no hesitation
111 saying that no application, directly or indi-
rectly, was made to the Speaker by the gentle-
man from Missouri, or by any person in his
behalf.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I thank the Speaker
for doing me this justice. I have made this ex-
planation in order that the country may know
what credit is due to the correspondent of this
i paper, at least so far as I am concerned.
NEBRASKA CONTESTED ELECTION.
Mr. GILMER. I rise to a question of privi-
lege I ask the House to order the printing of
