1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
873
Mr. DAWES. I nominate and shall vote for
Mr, Bowles, of Massachusetts.
Mr. FARNS WORTH stated that he had paired
for the remainder of the day with Mr. Hamilton,
of Texas.
Mr. VERREE stated that he was paired with
Mr. Webster.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the further ex-
ecution of this special order for the election of a
Printer be postponed until Monday next, with the
understanding that then the question shall be
filially disposed of.
Mr. FLORENCE. I object to any postpone-
ment. I do not think, however, that the high
contracting parties of the other side are ready for
a decisive vote; yet, sir, I think it is our duty to
keep voting until we do elect a Printer. This
postponing and postponing when we want a Print-
er, and ought at once to clect one, does not meet
with my approbation.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask for a vote on my
motion.
Mr. HOUSTON. I hope we will finish this
matter to-day by an election. [Cries of 4' Call
the roll!"] It is nccessary that we should go to
the business of the session. 1 demand the yeas
and nays on the motion to postpone.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. "SHERMAN. If gentlemen want to go
through with the fruitless ceremony of calling the
roll this evening, very well; I withdraw my mo-
tion to postpone to accommodate them.
Mr. CARTER. I ask leave to present a pre-
amble and resolutions.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I object.
Mr. CARTER. I ask that they may be read
for information.
The SPEAKER. That can only be done by
unanimous consent. [Cries of" Object!" " Call
the roll!"] *
Mr. GILMER. * On the next vote, and for this
day, I wish to say that I have paired with Mr.
Davis, of Maryland.
NINTH VOTE FOR PRINTER.
The House then proceeded a ninth time to vote
for Printer, with the following result: Whole
number of votes cast, 175; necessary to a choice,
88f of which—
Mr. Ball received 87
Mr. Glosshrenucr   -  82
Mr. Beaumont  3
Mr. Winton  1
Mr. Gales  1
Mr. Mitchell  1
So there was no election.
The following is the vote in detail:
For Mr. Ball—M>s?r?. Charles F. Adams, Aldiich, Alley,
William C. Anderson,Babbitt, Binsham, Blair,Blake. Bray-
ton, Buffinton, Burlingame, Burnham, Burroughs, Butter-
field, Campbell,Carey, Carter,Case, Conkling,Cor\vin,Cur-
tis, Dawp?-, Duell, Dunn, Edgerton, Edward?, Eliot, Ely,
Etheridgc, Fenton, Ferry, Fo.-ter, Goocb, Grow, Gurlcy,
Helmick, Iloaid, Humphrey, Hutclnns, Irvine, Francis W.
Kellogg, VVilliam Kello<rjr,Kil<rore, De\VittC. Leach, Lee,
Loomis, Lovejoy, Marston, McKean, MeKnight, MePher-
son, Miliward, Morrill, Edward Joy Morris, Morse, Nixon,
OJin, Perry, Pettit, Porter, Potter, Pottle, Puce, Christopher
Robinson,* Rovee, Schwartz, Sedgwick, Sherman, Somes,
Spaukling, Spinner, Stanton, Thayei, Thcaker, Tomp-
kins, Trimble, Wade, Waldron, Walton, Cadwalader C.
Washburn, Ellihu B. Wa^hburne, Israel Washburn, Wells,
Wilson, Windom, Woodruff, and Mr. Speaker.
For Mr. Glosskrenner— Messis. Allen, Thomas L. An-
derson, Ashmoie, Avery, Baik«dale, Burr, Barrett, Bocock,
BotcJer, Bouligny, Boyce, Brabson, Bianch, Bri.-tow,
Burch, Burnett, John B. Clark, Clapton. Oobb, John Coch-
rane, Cooper, Cox, Burton Craige, Crawford, Cuny, Da-
vidson, Reuben Davis, De Jarnette, Edmundson, Florence,
Gartrell, Hardeman, Hawkins, Ilill, Hindman, Holman,
Houston, Howaid, Hughes, Jackson, Jenkins, Jones.Lan- 'j
drum, Jame-5 M. Leach. Leake, Logan, Love, Maelav, [j
Charles D Martin,Elbert3.Maitin,Maynard,McCleinaml,
McQueen, Mciiae, Miles, Million, Sydenham Moore, Isaac j|
N.Morris Nelson, Noeli, Pendleton, Peyton, Phelps, Pugh, !!
Reagan, Kisrs:*, James C. Kobtn-on, Ruffin, Scott, Sickles, M
Singleton, William Smith, William N. H. Smith, Stall- i
worth, Stevenson, Stout, Tayloi, Thomas, Underwood, 1
Vallandigham, Winslow, and Wiight. j
For Mr. Beaumont. — Messrs. Hatton, Quarles, and i
Stoker.   [
For Mr. Winton—Mr. Adrain. j
.Far Mr. Mitchell—Mr. Green Adams. I
For Mr. Gales—Mr. Prvor. !
Mr. CARTER. I wish to present a preamble j
and resolution in reference to the Seventh regi- j,
ment of New York, which is now in this city as
the guest of Congress.
Objection was made. • 
Mr. TiOVEJOY. J_ et us have another vote.
Mr. LEAKE. I move that the House adjourn.
Mr. FLORENCE. I move that when the House
adjourns to-day* it adjourn to meet on Monday
next.
Mr. WINSLOW. I demand tellers on that
motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs Kellogg, of
Illinois, and Harris, of Virginia, were appointed.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana, called for the yeas
and nays; but subsequently withdrew the call.
The question was taken; and the House refused
to adjourn over, the tellers having reported—ayes
67, noes 85.
Mr. FLORENCE. I demand tellers on the
adjournment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Millward
and Branch were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 71, noes 79.
Mr.FLORENCE. Idemandtheyeasandnays.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I move that when the
House adjourns to-day, it adjourn to meet on
Monday next.
The SPEAKER. No business has intervened
since that motion was voted on; and it is, there-
fore, not in order at this time.
Mr. FLORENCE. I withdraw the demand
for the yeas and nays; and then the gentleman
from Mississippi can get in his motion
The SPEAKER. Then the House refused to
adjourn.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I move now, that when
the House adjourns to-day, it adjourn to meet on
Monday next.
Mr. FLORENCE. I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I demand the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. BURCH. I renew the motion to adjourn
over, and demand tellers on it.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Marston
and Hawkins were appointed.
The question was taken; and the House refused
to adjourn over, the tellers having reported only
forty in the affirmative—noes not counted.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
Mr. SCHWARTZ. X demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Marston
and Hutchins were appointed.
The question was taken; and the House refused
to adjourn, the tellers having reported—ayes 68,
noes 76.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. If wc are to have
another vote this evening, then there ought to be
a call nf the House; for many members have left,
thinking there would be no further voting to-day.
Mr. FLORENCE. I move that the House do
now adjourn; and on that motionl demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Noell and
Curtis were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported-—
ayes forty-three, noes not counted.
So the yeas and nays'Avere oidered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 81, nays 77; as follows:
YEAS—Mes«r> Green Adams, Allen, Thomas L. Ander-
son, Ashmorc, Averv, Baiksdale. Barr, Barrett, Boteler,
Bouhgny, Brabson, Branch, Bristmv, Burch,Burnett, John
B. Clark, Clopton, Cobb, <3ox, Burton Craigc, Crawford,
Cuny, Reuben Davis De Jarnette, Edmundson, Etheridge,
Florence, Gartrell, Hardeman, Hatton, Hawkins,Hill, Hind-
man, Holman, Houston, Howard, Hughes, Jackson, Jones,
Landium. James M. Leach. Logan, Love, Maclay, Charles
p. Martin. Elbert S. Martin. Mavnard, McClernand. Mc-
Queen. MeRae. Miles, Millson, Millward,Sydenham Moore,
Isaac JV. MoiriV, Nelson, Nibble k, Noell, Peyton, Pryor,
Pngh, Quarles. Reagan, Bice, Rigg*. Tames c. Robinson,
Rubin, Schwartz, Scott, Sickles. Singleton, William N.
II. Smith, Stallworth, Stevenson, Stout, Taylor, Thomas,
Undciwood, Vallandigham, Eliihu B. Washburne, and
Wright—81.
NAYS—Messrs. Charles F. Adam5', Adrain, Aldrich, Al-
ley. Babbitt, Bingham. Blair, Blake, Boyce, Bravton. Buffin-
ton, Buthngame, Buinjiam, Burrouah-, Butteilleld. Camp-
bell, Carter, Case, Conkling, Convin, Curtis, Pawes Duell,
Dunn. Edgerton, Edwaid-?. Eliot, Ely, Ferry, Foster, Gooeh,
Grow, Gmlcy. Ilclnuck, Ilutchins. Irvine, Francis W. Kcl-
lo«g, Lee, Loomis, Lovejoy, Marston. McKean. McPherson,
Mori ill, Ed ward Joy Morris, Morse, Nixon. Pendleton, Perry,
Pettit, Porter. Potter, Pottle, Christopher Robinson, Royee,
gpd«\vu'k. Sherman, Some*, SpauUlmg, Spinner, Stanton,
Stokes, Theaker, Tompkins, Trimble, Van Wyek, Verree,
Wade, Waldion. Walton, Cadwalader C. Washburn, fsrael
Washburn, Webker, Wells, Wilson, Windom, and Wood-
ruff—77.
So the House agreed to adjourn.
During the call.
Mr. U1G GS stated that Mr. Cooper was paired
off with Mr. Leach, of Michigan.
Mr. HAMILTON stated that lie had paired off
with Mr. Farnswortii.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois, stated that he had
paired off with Mr. Smith, of Virginia, for the
balance of the day.
Mr. WALTON stated that Mr. Thayer had
paired off with Mr. Davidson.
Mr. BRABSON said: Satisfied that we shall do
nothing but filibuster if we remain here longer,
I will change my vote, and vote in favor of an
adjournment. * '
On motion of Mr. BRABSON, the reading of
the names was dispensed with; and thereupon (at
four o'clock and forty-five minutes) the House
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Fridat, February 24,1860.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Gurley.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. GWIN presented a resolution of the Legis-
lature of California, in favor of the establishment
of a semi-weekly mail from San Juan, in Monterey
county, via Salma, San Louis Obispo, and Santa
Barbara, to the city of Los Angeles; which was
referred to the Committee on the Po3t Office and
Post Roads, and ordered to be printed.
He also presented a resolution of the Legislature
of California, in favor of the establishment of a
tri-weekly mail route between Murphy's, in Cal-
averas county, California, and Genoa, in Utah
Territory, via the Big Tree Grove, on what is
known as the Big Tree and Carson Valley route;
which was referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, and ordered to be printed.
He also presented a petition of citizens of San
Francisco, California, praying an amendment of
the act of Congress approved August 18, 1856,
in relation to the discovery of deposits of guano
upon islands within the jurisdiction of any other
Government; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce.
Mr. HAMLIN presented the petition of James
Elisha Linscott, a soldier in the war of 1812,
praying to be allowed an invalid pension; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mi-. CRITTENDEN presented the memorial
of Horace E. Dimiek, praying remuneration for
improvements made by him in artillery; which
was referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and Militia.
Mr. FITZPATRICK presented the memorial
of Carlos Butterfield, praying that the Postmaster
General may be authorized to contract with him
for the transportation of the United States mails
from certain ports in the United States to certain
foreign ports in the Gulf of Mexico; which was
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Mr. HAUN presented a resolution of the Le-
gislature of California, in favor of the establish-
ment of a weekly mail route between Tehama
and Ukiah, and the location of post offices at
Nomelacky, and Mountain House, in Tehama
county, and Nomecault, in Mendocino county;
whicli was referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, and ordered to be printed.
He also presented a resolution of the Legisla-
ture of California, in favor of the establishment
of a daily mail, from some point on the Missis-
sippi river to some point in the State of Califor-
nia, over such route as the contractors carrying
the mail may select; which was referred to the
Committer on the Post Office and Post Roads,
and ordered to be printed.
He also presented a memorial of the Legisla-
ture of California, in relation to the swamp lands
in that State; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Private Land Claims, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. HEMPHILL presented a petition of mem-
bers of the Legislature of Texas, praying the
establishment of a mail route from Indianola to
Halletsville, via Texana, in that State; whieh was
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
PAPERS AYITHDKAWX AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. DIXON, it was
Ordered, Tliat the petition of Harris & Morgan. late con
tractor* on route No. 7851, asking that authority be eon
ferred on th* Postmaster General to revise and adjust iheit
