874
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
accounts on principles of justice and equity, on the files of
the Senate, be referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Koadb.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee,
it was
Ordered, That the papers in relation to the claims of Levi
& Johnson and Mary Burehfiold, in the right of Samuel
Slaughter, to bounty land, on the files otthe Senate, be re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
On motion of Mr. KING, it was
Ordered, That George J. Knight have l^ave to withdraw
his petition and papers.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Com-
merce, who were instructed, by a resolution of
the Senate, of the 14th instant, to inquire into the
expediencyof amending: the law which now re-
quires detention of a vessel for five days, enter-
ing from a foreign port, before the owners or
consignees can commencc discharging the same,
and of reducing the same to two days, reported a
bill (S. No. 215) to amend the provisions of the
fifty-sixth section of an act entitled ''An act to
regulate the collection of duties on imports and
tonnage," approved March 2, 1799; which was
read, and passed to a second reading.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. The Com-
mittee on Public Lands, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 1) to grant to every person who
is the head of a family and a citizen of the Uni-
ted States, a homestead of one hundred and sixty
acres of land but of the public domain, upon the
condition of occupancy and cultivation of the
same for the period therein specified, have in-
structed me to report it back to the Senate, with
amendments, with a recommendation tl>at it pass.
I ask that the bill be made the special order for
Thursday next, at two o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MALLORY. The Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the memorial of Jacob Big-
elow, administrator of Francis Cazcau, praying
that an amount inadvertently paid at the United
States Treasury to an impostor, may be reappro-
priated for the use of the licirs of said Cazcau,
have directed me to ask that they be discharged
from its further consideration, and that it be re-
ferred to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims,
which already has a portion of the testimony in
the case before them.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. That committee has
charge of a great de«il of business, and I oppose
the motion of the gentleman to refer this case to
the Committee on Revolutionary Claims. There
is no reason why it should be referred to that
committee. If there are any papers before the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims which the
Committee on Claims may want before them for
the investigation of the case, they shall be furnished
the gentleman.
Mr. MALLORY. It is a claim for service
during the revolutionary war, and properly per-
tains to that committee. I know that the parties
inteiestcd have sent a portion of the testimony to
that committee, and they requested in writing
that the claim should be sent there; and I think it
nroperly pertains to that committee.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. The gentleman does not
suppose that all claims against this Government
during the period of the revolutionary war prop-
erly belong to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims?
Mr. MALLORY. No, sir; but it has had this
case always, heretofore, under its consideration.
It was never before any other committee than the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims until this
session; and I am informed that it w<ufsent to the
Committee on Claims by mistake.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. What is the subject of
the claim?
Mr. MALLORY. It is a claim for provisions
furnished to the American army during the revo-
lutionary war, and there is a report on the case
from the Court of Claims, which I presume will
relieve the Committee on Revolutionary Claims
from any labor on it.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. It has no more perti-
nence to tke Committee on Revolutionary Claims
than any claim that can he preferred against the
Government. The Committee on Revolutionar)'
Claims is to take charge of claims for military
service during the Revolution. That is the char-
acter of claims that th«y arc bound to investigate
and report upon j and of them they have an abund-
ance already. This is literally a simple matter
of account, and should go before the committee
who now have charge of it.
Mr. MALLORY. Mr. President, this is a
claim for provisions furnished to the American
army, and the personal service in the American
army of the party himself, particularly in ob-
taining and furnishing information for the opera-
tions of the American troops. It has been before
the Committee on Revolutionary Claims hereto-
fore, and never before any other committee. I
find among the papers a note stating that it was
referred to the Committee on Claims by an error,
and arequest by the parties interested that it should
go before the Committee on Revolutionary Claims;
and therefore I have moved that reference. I do
not think the Committee on Claims have taken
cognizance of things of this kind since I have
been on the committee. However, I leave it to
the Senate to decide.
Mr. IVERSON. I hope the Senator from Ken-
tucky, the chairman of the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims, will not object to taking juris-
diction of this case. It is properly cognizable by
that committee. It is precisely similar to a case
of which they have had jurisdiction this session,
and on which they have made a report. The claim
of the State of Georgia to have refunded back to
it, or its representatives, certain money paid for
provisions and clothing furnished the revolution-
ary army in Savannah, when they were in a state
of destitution, is precisely similar to the case now
under the consideration of the Senate; and it is
properly, T think, a case for the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims.
Besides, I beg that Senator and the Senate to
understand, while the Committee on Revolution-
ary Claims has but a very small comparative
amount of business before it, the Committee on
Claims is a general pack-horse for the whole Sen-
are; and whenever anybody does not want to
work, they refer everything to the Committee on
Claims, because we have been compelled to work,
and sometimes do it with rather more cheerful-
ness than other gentlemen. Now, sir, we have
at least fifty cases under our consideration atpres-
ent, and they are coming to us every day. Under
these circumstances, I hope the Senate will not
burden us with this subject—will not put on the
very last mite which may break down even the
backrof the camel. I hope the motion of the Sen-
ator from Florida will prevail.
The motion was agreed to.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. FITZPATRICKasked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.No.
216) to provide for the transportation of the mails
of the United States between the United States
and the Republic of Mexico; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. GWIN asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 218) to
authorize protection to be given to citizens of the
United States who maydiscoverdeposits of guano;
which was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. CRITTENDEN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
219) for the relief of Stewart MacGowan; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
TEXAS MOUNTED VOLUNTEERS.
Mr. WIGFALL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint res-
olution (S. No. 17) to request the President to
call out the regiment of Texas mounted volunteers
authorized by the act approved April 7, 1858;
which was read twice by its title.
Mr. WIGFALL. I beg the permission of the
Senate to make a brief statement; and I trust that
the resolution may not lead to any debate. I shall
certainly not insist on its consideration, if it does;
but I simply ask permission to make a brief state-
ment, and that the resolution may be acted upon
and not referred.
About twelve months ago, every single com-
pany, and every single soldier, who was stationed
upon the Rio Grande, was withdrawn from that
frontier. In the present disordered condition of
Mexico, that frontier not being protected,in Sep-
tember last a man by the name of Cortinas entered
Brownsville at the head of a banditti, broke open
the jail, and liberated all the prisoners who were
there confined; he killed some five or six citizens
of the town of Brownsville; and the humiliating
spectacle was presented to the ^aze of the civilized
world of American citizens being protected upon
American soil by the interposition of the army of
Mexico. From that time to this, that man has
been ravaging thatentire frontier. For two months
no single company and no single soldier was sent
to the Rio Grande; and yet we were in a con-
stant state of war. Troops have been sent there
of late—some few companies of regulars; and the
State of Texas has put some companies in the
field at her own expense. But, sir, I am satisfied
myself, and it is the judgment of all those with
whom I have consulted, and who know anything
of the condition of affairs upon the Rio Grande,
there being no Government now in Mexico with
which we can treat—no Government,that can carry
out its own treaty stipulations, if they were made
—that we cannot look to the Mexican Govern-
ment for protection on that frontier. We have
to deal with the individuals who are upon our
western border.
Cortinas, and those who are acting with him,
come across and they ravage the country, and
when a United States company comes in conflict
with them they either fight or retreat; and if they
retreat they go across the border and are not pur-
sued. They are in no apprehension of the United
States Army; but there is an apprehension on the
part of Mexicans that if volunteers, if ranging
companies, are there established, and they cross
and devastate the country, that they will be pun-
ished for it. We have to deal with these people as
individuals, and not as a Government, and I am
entirely satisfied that if a regiment, or a portion
of a regiment, of rangers is called into the field,
and stationed upon that border, we shall have
peace and quiet. It is economy at this time to
do it, for they are continually devastating that
country, and this Government will bo called upon
to foot the bill; and instead of $1,000,000 now
to pay a regiment that is efficient and that can
keep the peace, you will have before twelve months
a bill of $10,000,000 to pay for the destruction of
property in that country; life you cannot pay for.
It is a most extraordinary spectacle that we are
now called upon to behold. In the entire valley
of the Rio Grande there is possibly now not one
single habitation left in which a white man twelve
months ago lived. Cortinas and his band have
discriminated between the Americans and Mexi-
cans by birth. I mean those of our own color.
They have destroyed every fence; they have
burnt every house; they have lobbed every man;
and the condition of that country is such at this
time that, if something is not done, the people of
that entire valley will be left to starve or leave the
country. There has no plow entered the soil: no
furrow has yet been turned to erase the footsteps
of the enemy; no seed has been planted, and you
| may take the entire American Army there, and it
; will not produce peace and quiet.
Now, under tlvese circumstances, 1 appeal to
members of the other House to pass an appropri-
ation bill, and they say they do not see. the ne-
cessity of passing an appropriation for a regiment
that is not in the field. I ask the Senate to pass
an appropriation bill, and they answer—I speak
of individual Senators—that money bills must
originate in the other House. I go to the Exec-
utive Department, and I am told that they are un-
willing to do anything until Congress has passed
an appropriation. I come to Congress, and th^y
say that they arc not willing to do anything until
the Executive Department has asked it; and thus,
between the different departments of this Govern-
ment, thatentire section of Texas, the entire valley
of the Rio Grande, from the mouth to one thou-
j sand miles up the river, is in the condition that
i was described by Burke, when he spoke of the
i devastations of Hydcr Ali, who, dealing with a
: people who would enter into no convention, or
| who could be bound by no treaty stipulations,
i determined to put desolation as a barrier between
i him and those with whom he had to deal. Sir, it
j might be with truth said, even at this time—and
I certainly, unless there is some action, it can be
; said with truth, hi a very short time—as it was
[ said by him, that in passing through that country
s you will find at least no white man, no woman,
I no littlfe child, no four-footed beasts of any de-
