1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
87 5
scription whatever; one dead, uniform silence will
reign through that whole region. Under these
circumstances, as the Executive Department is
unwilling to act until we take some action; as the
Executive Department regards no appropriation
as a legislative expression of opinion that no regi-
ment should be ordered into the field, it seems to
me that we can, at least, pass a resolution calling
upon the President to muster that regiment im-
mediately in to the service. 1 do not intend to press
this matter, but I trust that no debate will arise
upon it. 1 have made this brief statement in or-
der that Senators may understand the condition
of that country. I receive letter after letter—every
mail comes laden with them—urging some action
on the part of the Government. 1 apply to one
House and the other, and to different Departments,
and each is shuffling the responsibility upon the
other. Under these circumstances, I ask that she
resolution may be passed at once, and that some
protection may be given to that country.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Iam very apprehensive
that the expectations of my friend from Texas
will not be fulfilled in having this resolution passed
without some debate or inquiry on the subject;
not that I intend any myself; and I therefore de-
sire, if it will lead to debate, that it may be sus-
pended, for a moment, until we get through with
petitions and reports. They are entitled, by the
order of the Senate, to priority in the morning
business.
Mr. WIG-FALL, I would suggest to the Sen-
ator from Kentucky, that I will give way to that
business; but if this joint resolution will not lead
to debate, I propose that a vote be taken upon it.
If there is any indication of serious opposition to
it, of course I will yield.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I wish to make some
further inquiry myself upon this subject; but to
do it is to commence that debate which 1 wish to
anticipate by this morning business, which, I be-
lieve, is entitled to preference.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ma^loky
in the Chair.) If there is any objection, the reso-
lution must lie over.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I do not want to object;
but I desire to present a petition.
Mr. WIGFALL. I will withdraw the motion
for the moment, of course; but I desire action on
it if possible.
MESSAGE KK05I THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Hates, Chief Clerk, announced that the
House had ordered the printing of the following
documents, on the 23d of February, I860, at one
o'clock and fifteen minutes:
A letter from the Secretary of War, in answer
to a resolution of the House calling for the annual
report of Lieutenant Colonel James D. Graham
on the harbor improvement of the northern and
northwestern lakes; and
A letter from the Clerk of the House, commu-
nicating a report showing the names of persons
employed in his office, the character of service
performed, &c.
BILL BECOME A LAW.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Buchanan, his Secretary, an-
nounced that the President had approved and
signed a joint resolution (S. No. 12) giving the
consent of Congress to Captain William B. Shu-
brick to accept a sword presented to him by Cap-
tain General and President Urquiza, of the Argen-
tine Confederation.
WILLIAM B, HERRICK.
Mr. GRIMES. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Pensions, to whom was referred the
petition of William B. Hernck, a surgeon of the
United States Army, to report a bill in favor of
the prayer of the petitioner. I ask that the bill
may be taken up and acted upon at this time.
The bill (S. No. 217) for the relief of William
B. Herrick was read a first time by its title, and
ordered to a second reading.
Mr. GRIMES. I ask that it be now puton its
passage.
Mr. IVERSON. It is rather an ungracious task
for me to object to the motion of the Senator to
take up this biH out of its order; but, as the chair-
man of the Committee on Claims, I think it my
duty to protest against this mode of taking up
bills, unless there is some extraordinary exigency
in the case.
Mr. GRIMES. If the Senator will listen to
me for one moment, and then does not withdraw
his objection, I will not press the claim. This
Doctor William B. Herrick was a surgeon in ex-
tensive practice in the State of Illinois prior to the
war with Mexico. At the instance of the officers
connected with the first regiment of the Illinois
militia, he became connected with that regiment
as assistant surgeon. He followed the regiment
throughout its career in Mexico; and he was
attacked by the disease pervading the camp in
Mexico. When he returned to Illinois, he was
prostrated with that disease, and became utterly
disabled; and is now an inmate of an insane asy-
lum, hopelessly and incurably afflicted with in-
sanity. He has a family dependent upon him for
his support. This bill proposes to allow him
thirty dollars a month as a pension. I think it
is a case that appeals to the sympathy of every
member of this body, and I trust there will be no
objection to it. The report is a unanimous one,
and I cannot imagine that there will beany objec-
tion to the bill.
Mr. IVERSON. This may be a strong ease,
and I dare say it is, and I should certainly not be
disposed to make any objection to the bill if it was
properly up; but we have an order now to pro-
ceed every Friday, after to-day, with the consid-
eration of bills on the Private Calendar. I do not
think it is proper to take up cases out of their
order, and give them precedence to every other.
Mr. GRIMES. This will not interfere with
that order.
Mr. IVERSON. Well, I shall not object to
this particular case.
The motion of Mr. Grimes was agreed to; and
the bill (S. No. 217) for the relief of William B.
Herrick was read a second time by its title, and
considered as m Committee of the Whole. It
directs the Secretary of"*.he Interior to place the
name of William B. Herrick, late a surgeon in the
first regiment of Illinois volunteers, on the pen-
sion roll, at the rate of thirty dollars a month, to
commence on the 14th of May, 1858, and to con-
tinue during his life.
Mr. DAVIS. Some explanation ought to be
made of the grant of an extraordinary pension, a
policy which we propose shall be guarded against
m the establishment of the Soldiers' Home.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Is there a report in the
case ?
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, sir. Let the report be
read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
The Committee on Pensions, to wliom was referred the
petition ot YVilluun B. Heirick, praying to lie ullowcd a
pension, having had the same under consideration, beg
leave to report".
That it appear* by the recoids of the War Department
that the petitioner was; on the 7th July, 1846, appointed an
assistant surgeon in the volunteer service under the act of
June, 1346 ; was assigned to fluty with the fir-t regiment of
Illinois volunteers, marched with that regiment into Mex-
ico, served with it at the battle of Buena Vista, and finally
returned to the United State?, and, on the 24th May, 1847,
tendered the resignation of his commission lor the following
reasons:
On the 4th April, 1847, by special order of General! ay-
lor, he had peimis^ion to repair to New York, for examina-
tion as surgeon, but having been delayed in obtaining trans-
portation, he was not m tune to appear, and feeling unable,
on account of bad health, to return to Mexico, he sent m
hi5? resignation.
It was not, however, submitted to the Secretary of War;
and, in the mean time, he was appointed full surgeon, upon
the ieeomnicndation of Inspector General Chuichill, ot the
United States Army : but tins; position he declmcd, under
the date of 2Ht J une, 1847.
The petitioner prajs a pension on account of disease
contracted while in the line ot his duty in the scrvicc of
the United States, bv exposure during long marches and
arduous duties which had devolved upon him during and
after the battle "f Buena Vista, in the absence of sufficient
medical force to attend the wounded. lie states, that he
then began to suffer fioin pain and loss of power, and free
motion in his lower limbs, and diarrhea; that the disease
thus produced in a previously healthy constitution, has
continued since he left the service, giving rise to painful,
frequent, and protracfed attacks of nouialgia of tiie lower
extremities, and finally to an incurable chronic disease of
both hip-joints, preventing him from walking or standing,
and compelling hnn to resign his situation as professor of
anatomy in Ru^h Medical College, Chicago, Illinois.
The foregoing statements are corroborated by the records
of the War Department.
Piofessors Bianev and Froer, of Rush Medical College,
and Professor Johnson of the medical department ot land
University, also state that, up to the time of his leaving
for the citv of Mexico, he was in the enjoyment of excel-
lent health, and capable of an unusual amount of both
physical and mental labor; that on lus return he was af-
fected with severe and frequent attacks of neuralgia and
diarrhea, which attacks increased in severity and fre-
quency, until they resulted in complete panflysis of tlic
lower half of the body, and therefore is totally disabled.
If also appears, by the affidavits of Surgeons Wiggin and
Fessenden, that i« addition to this, the derangement of his
nervous system has amounted to a permanent insanity.
Your committee therefore report a bili for his relief, and
recommend its passage.
Mr. DAVIS. When I asked for the explana-
tion, it was because I did nothear the official rank
of the individual^ but supposed him to be an en-
listed man who would have the care needful for
his condition at the Soldiers' Home; and it was in
violation of the policy we adopted at the time of
establishing that institution, to grant extraordi-
nary pensions. This, however, seems to be an
ordinary pension, considering the rank of the in-
dividual, and the only question which the com-
mittee has had to examine was as to whether he
should be brought within the limits of the pension
law, being excluded on account of the manner in
which his disability occurred. I have no objection.
The bill was reported'to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a- third
reading, read the third time, and :
COURT OP CLAIMS.
Mr. BAYARD. I ask the Senate to take up
Senate bill No. 53, not with a view to its present
consideration, but to make it the special order for
Thursday of next week. It is a bill to amend the
act to establish a court for the investigation of
claims against the United States. I will state, in
connection with it, that I shall ask the Senate,
after this bill is taken up and disposed of, to take
into consideration other bills reported by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary at the last Congress which
never were acted upon; bills which I think would
pass in two hours, the whole of them, after they
were taken up. They appeal to no party sym-
pathies; they involve no party controversy; but
they do appeal to the interests of the country; and
are,in my judgment, necessary and proper legis-
lation. I hope, therefore, that the Senate will
allow, as I move it by the instruction of the com-
mittee, this bill to be.taken up, so 'that it may be
made the special order for Thursday of next week;
in order that, if we pass the bill, it may have an
early consideration in the House of Representa-
tives. There will connect themselves with it
afterwards other bills which I am sure will not
take one day more to dispose of.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I would sug-
gest to the Senator from Delaware that there is
already one special order for that day. He had
better, perhaps, name the next day.
Mr. BAYARD. What is the special order for
that day ?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. The home-
stead bill.
Mr. BAYARD. I should hope this bill might
be disposed of first. The other will lead to long
debate: this cannot. It will involve only the de-
tails of amendments; the debate will be confined
to the bill itself, and I think it would take but a
short time to dispose of it, and yet it is certainly
in my judgment legislation that is requisite. Iam
willing to take some other day if it is considered
more "expedient. I am willing to take Monday
week. I am indilferentabout the day. I moved
Thursday because, as it came towards the last of
the week, and I was not aware of any other spe-
cial order for that day, I supposed we might, on
Thursday and the following Friday, or if Fri-
day should be devoted to other business, on
Thursday and Monday, get through the whole of
1 the judiciary bills which remained the whole of
the'last Congress without action by the Senate.
["Say Monday."] I propose to make it the spe-
cial order for Monday week. If the Senate wil!
give me two days for the judiciary bills 1 think
they can all be disposed of, and yet they are of
great importance as regards the interests of the
country.
Mr. 'TRUMBULL. I desire to suggest to the
Senator from Delaware that he niake this bill the
special order for a time when it will not interfere
with the bill spoken of by the Senator from Ten-
nessee. I understand now he has changed the
day to Monday week; and as I am on the floor,
1 wish to mak<> one suggestion in relation to spe-
cial orders. I hope we may adopt the practice of
setting but one special order for the same day. At
the last Congress everything was made a special
