4'54
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May IT,
86th Cong....1st Sess.
Property in Territories—Mr. Davis.
Senate
leave" it to the courts to decide the question of
creed between us."
1 do not believe that this is the path of safety;
I am sure it is not the way of honor. I believe \
it devolves on. us, who an: principally sufferers j
from the danger to which this policy has exposed j
us, to aiKrm the truth boldly, and let the people '
decide after the promulgation of our opinions.
Our Government, resting as it does upon public
opinion and popular consent, was not formed to j
deceive the people, nor does it regard the men in i
office as a governing class. We, the functionaries, !
should derive our opinions from the people. To
know what their opinion is, it is necessary that
we should pionounce, in unmistakable language,
what we ourselves mean.
My position is, that there is no portion of our
country where the people are not sufficiently in-
telligent to discriminate between rightand wrong,
and no portion where the sense of justice does not
predominate. I therefore have been always
willing to unfurl our flag to its innermost fold; to
nail it to the mast with all our principles plainly
inscribed upon it. Believing that we ask nothing
but what the Constitution was intended to con- <
fer; nothing but that which, as equals, we are en- !
titled to receive, I am willing that our case should ;
be plainly stated to those who have to decide it, j
and await, for good or for evil, their verdict. j
For two days the Senator spoke nominally upon ;
the resolutions,and upon the territorial question; 1
but like the witness in the French comedy, who, !
when Called upon to testify, commenced before the j
creation,and was stopped by the judge, who told j
him to come down, for a beginning, to the deluge, i
he commenced so far back, and narrated so mi- j
 utely,thathc never got chronologically down to ,
the point before us. * i
What is the question on which the Democracy 1
are divided? Are we called upon to settle what i
everybody said from 1847 down to this date? |
Have the Democracy divided on that? Have >
they divided on the resolutions of the Slates in
1840, or 1844, or 1848? Have the Democracy
undertaken to review the position taken in 1854
—that there should be a latitude of construction
upon a particular point of constitutional law
while they did await the decision of the Supreme
Court? No, sir; the question is changed from
' before to after the event; the call is on every man
to come forward now, after the Supreme Court
has given all it could render upon a political sub-
ject, and state that his creed is adherence to the
rule thus expounded in accordance with previous
agreement.
Tiie Senator tells us he will abide by the de-
cision of the Supieme Court: but it was fairly to
be inferred, from what he said, that in the Dred
Scott case he held that they had only decided that
a negro could not sue m a Federal court. Was
this the entertainment to which we were invited*
Was the proclaimed boon of allowing the ques-
tion to go to judicial decision, no more than that
one after another each law might be tested; and
that one after another each case, under every law,
might be tried; and that, after centuries should
roll away, we might hope for the period when,
eveiy case exhausted, the decision of our consti-
tutional right and of the Federal duty would be
completer Or was it that we were to get rid of
the controversy which had divided the country
for thirty years; that we were to reach a conclu-
sion beyond which we could see the region of
peace; that tranquillity was to be obtained by get-
ting a decision on a constitutional question which
had been discussed until it was seen that, legisla-
tively, it could not or would not be decided ? If,
then,the Supreme Court hasjudicially announced
that Congress cannot prohibit the introduction of
slave property into a Territory, and that no one
deriving authority fiom Congress can do so, and
the Senator fiom Illinois holds that the inhabit-
ants derm; their power from the organic act of |
Congress, what restrains his acknowledgment of j
our right to go into the Territories, and his rcc- j
ognition of the case being closed by the opinion !
of the eomt3 I can understand how one who ;
has followed to its logical consequences the on- j
ginal doctrine of squatter sovereignty might still '
stand out and say this inherent right cannot be j
taken away by judicial decision; but is not one j
who .'hums to derive the power of the Territorial 1
Legislature from a law of Congress, and who finds
the opinion of the court conclusive as to Con-
gress, and to all deriving their authority from it,
estopped from any further argument?
Much of what the Senator said about the con-
dition of public affairs can only be regarded as
the presentation of his own case, and requires no
notice from me. His witticism upon the honor-
able Senator, the chairman of the Committee on
the Judiciary, [Mr.Bayard,] who is nowabsent,
because of the size of the State which he repre-
sents, reminds one that it was mentioned, as an
evidence of the stupidity of a German, that he
questioned the greatness of Napoleon becausc he
was born in the little island of Corsica. I know
not what views the Senator entertained when he
measured the capacity of the Senator from Dela-
ware by the size of that State, or the dignity of
his action at Charleston by the number of his
constituents. If there be any political feature
which stands more prominently out than another
in the Union, it is the equality of the States. Our
stars have no variant size; they shine with no
unequal brilliancy. A Senator from Delaware^
holds a position entitled to the same respect, as-
such, as a Senator from any other State of the
Union. More than that: the character, the con-
duct, the information, the capacity of that Sen-
ator, might claim respect, if he was not entitled to
it from his position.
Twice on this occasion, and more than the same
number of times heretofore, has the Senator re-
ferred to the great benefit derived from that pro-
vision which grants a trial in the local court—an
appeal to the supreme court of the Territory, and
an appeal from thence to the Supreme Court of
the United States on every question involving
title to slaves. 1 wish to say that whatever merit
attaches to that belongs to a Senator to whom the
advocates of negro slavery have not often been in
the habit of acknowledging their obligations—the
Senator from New Hampshire, [Mr. Hale,] who
introduced it in 1850 as an amendment to the New
Mexico bill. We adopted it as a fair proposition,
equally acceptable upon one side and the other;
on its adoption no one voted against it. That
proposition was incoiporated in the Kansas bill;
but unless we acknowledge obligations to the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire, how shall they be
accordcd for that to the Senator from IWinois r
I am asked whether the resolutions of the Sen-
ate can have the force of law. Of course not.
The Senate, however, is an independent member
of the Government, and from its organization
should be peculiarly watchful of State rights.
Before the meeting of the Charleston convention
it was untruly stated that these resolutions were
concocted to alfect the action of the Charleston
convention. Now, we are asked if they are to
affect tho Bdltimnu' convention. They were not
designed for the one; they are not pressed in view
of the other. They were introduced to obtain an
expression of the opinion of the Senate—a pro-
ceeding quite frequent in the history of this body.
It was believed that they would have a beneficial
effect, and that they were stated in terms which
would show the public the error of supposing that
there was a purpose on the part of the Democ-
racy, or of the South, to enact what was called a
slave code for theTcrritories of the United States.
It was believed that the assertion of sound prin-
ciples at this time would direct public opinion,
and might be fruitful of such reuniting, harmoniz-
ing results as we all desire, and which the public
need. Whether it is to have this effect or not;
whether, at last, we are to be shorn of our na-
tional strength by personal or sectional strife,
depends upon the conduct of those who have it
in their power to control the result. The Dem-
ocratic party, in its history, presents a hiy.h ex-
ample oYnationality; its poweranditsusefulness
have been its coextensson with the Union. The
Democrats of the northern States who vote for
these resolutions but affirm that which we have
so often announced with pride, that there was a
political opinion which p« rvndod the whole coun-
try—there was a party capable to save the Union,
because it belonged to all the States. If the two
Democratic Senators who alone have declared
their opposition should so vote, to that extent the
effect will be impaired, and they will stand in that
isolation to which the Senator points as a conse-
quence so dreadful to the southern men at Charles-
ton.
[Here Mr. Davis gave way for a motion to
adjourn, and on the 17th resumed:]
At the close of the session of yesterday I was
speaking of the hope entertained that the Demo-
cratic party would yet be united; that the party
which had so long wielded the destinies of the
country for its honor, for its glory, and its prog-
ress, was not about to be checked midway in its
career, to be buried in a premature grave; but
that it was to go on with concentrated energy
towards the great ends for which it has striven
since 1800, by a long pull and a strong pull and a
pull all together, to bring the ship of State into
that quiet harbor where vessels safe, without their
hawsers, ride. This was a hope, however, not
founded on any supposition that we were to
escape from the issues which are presented—a
hope not based on the proposition that every man
should have his own construction of our creed,
and that we should unite together merely for suc-
cess; but that the party, as heretofore, in each
succeeding quadrennial convention, would add to
the resolutions of the preceding one such declara-
tions as passing events indicated and the exigen-
cies of the country demanded.
In the last four years a division has arisen in
the Democratic party upon the construction of
one of the articles of its creed. It behooves us,
in that state of the case, to decide what the true
construction is; for if the party be not a union of
men upon principle, the sooner it is dissolved
the better; and if it be such a union, why shall
not those principles be defined so as to remove
doubt or cavil, and be applied in every emergency
to meet the demands of each succeeding case ?
Thus only can we avoid division in council and
confusion in action.
The Senator from Illinois, who preceded me,
announced that he had performed a pleasing duty
in defending the Democratic party. That party
might well cry out, " Save me from,my defender."
It was a defense of the party by the arraignment
of its prominent members. It was the preserva-
tion of the body by the destruction of its head;
for the President of the United States is, for the
time being, the head of the party that placed him
in position; and the head of the party thus in
position cannot be destroyed without the disin-
tegration of the members, and the destruction of
the body itself. I suppose the Senator, however,
was at "his favorite amusement of " shooting at
the lump." The 'Mump" heretofore has been
those Democratic Senators who dissented from
him: this time he involved Democrats all over the
country. Not even the Presiding Officer, whose
position seals his lips, could escape him; and here
let me say that I found nothing in the extract
read from that gentleman's address which, con-
strued as was no doubt intended, does not meet
my approval; but if tried by the modern lexicon
of the Senator, it might be rendered a contradic-
tion to his avowed opinions, and by the same
mode of expounding, non-intervention would be
a sin of which the whole Democracy might be
convicted under the indictment of squatter sover-
eignty. The language quoted from the address
of the Vice President is to be construed as under-
stood at the time, at the place, and by men such
as the one who used it.
With that force which usually enters into his
addresses—with more even than his usual elo-
quence—the Senator referred to the scene which
awaited him upon his return to Chicago, when,
as represented, he met an infuriated mob, who as-
sailed him for having maintained the measures of
1850—those compromises which, in the northern
section, it was urged had been passed in the in-
terest of the South, But, pray, what one of those
measures was it which excited the mob so de-
scribed r Only one, I believe, was put in issue at
the North—the fugitive slave law; that one he
did not vote for, but it wj« the part of manliness
to say that, though absent and not voting for it,
he approved of it; such, I believe, was his com-
mendable course on that occasion. I give him,
therefore, all due credit for not escaping from a
responsibility to which they might not have hold
him. Are wo to give perpetual thanks to any one
because he did not yield to so senseless a clamor,
but conceded to u& that small measure of consti-
