876
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
order. The result of it was as if we had no spe-
cial orders at all. The Judiciary Committee had
some important bills before them. They reported
them at the last session of Congress. They were
made special orders, I think; but we could never
get them up. I trust that when these bills are
made a special order, the Senate will give us one
or two days until they are disposed of. Wecan
progress more rapidly with our business, I think,
by not letting the special orders clash; and I hope
the Senator from Delaware will now insist that
nothingelse shall be made a special order for Mon-
day week, or Monday and Tuesday week. If it
will take two days to dispose of this business, I
have no objection to his motion; but hope it will
prevail, and that the business of the Judiciary
Committee may have Monday week-—one day, at
least, for its disposal.
Mr. BAYARD. My motion is to take up the
bill in order to make it the special order for Mon-
day week. I trust the Senate will give us at least
two days of that week.
The PRESIDENT®™ tempore. At what hour?
Mr.'BAYARD. Two o'clock, I suppose, as
the Senate meets at one, and the morningliour is
always devoted to petitions and reports. When
that hour arrives, I shall insist on it.
The motion to take up the bill was agreed to%
Mr. BAYARD. Now, I move to postpone it
until Monday week, and make it the special or-
der for two o'clock on that day.
The motion was agreed to.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, by the
courtesy of the Senator from Louisiana, the un-
finished business, being the bill pending yester-
day, is to give way to a special order 
Mr. WIGFALL. Will the Senator from Wis-
consin give way for a single moment merely to
allow me to ask that the resolution which I intro-
duced may, if possible, be disposed of? If it can-
not be, I will not press it now.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 1 will yield the floor for
the purpose of,ascertaining whether there is to be
debate on the resolution, if that is what the Senator
desires.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The resolu-
tion indicated by the Senator from Texas will be
read for information.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
A jo-nt resolution to request the President to call out the
regiment of Texas momntd volunteers, authorized by
the net, approved 7th of April. 1858.
Resolved, That the President be, and he i-< hereby,
requested to call at once into the field, the regiment of
mounted volunteers for the defense of the frontier of Texas,
us authorized by the act approved April 7th, 1858, entitled
" An act to provide for the organization of a regiment of
mounted volunteers rm the defense of the frontier of Texas,
and to authorize the President to call into the service of
the United States two additional regiments of volunteers."
Mr. WILSON. I think that resolution had
hotter go to the Committee on Military Affairs.
I make that motion.
Mr. DAVIS. The Senator from Texas [Mr.
Hemphill] some time since introduced a resolu-
tion 
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Senator will allow
me, I do not know whether the resolution is con-
sidered up or not, because I should object to it
myself rather than have it considered to-day. I
want to look at the matter. It certainly ou§ht
not to pass without examination. If the Senator
is about to speak, on the ground that it is before
the Senate, I mean to object, so that it shall not
be before the Senate for consideration to-day.
Mr. DAVIS. What I was about to say was,
that the Committee on Military Affairs had had
the subject before them, on the resolution of the
Senator from Texas, [Mr. Hemphill,] and had
sent to the War Office, and had not yet received
the information which would enable them to re-
port. This resolution directs itself to the execu-
tion of an existing law, which law, however, con-
tained no appropriation; and the Department
theieforo declined to attempt to execute it, and is
waiting until Congress shall make an appropri-
ation to render it possible. If Congress chooses
in this manner to suggest to the Department that
it shall go on in advance of an appropriation, there
is so little margin for discussion that I do not sup-
pose it is necessary even to refer it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am not prepared to let
it pass without discussion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The joint res-
olution must lie over, objection being made.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask the Senator from Wiscon-
sin if he would be willing to allow the bill which
was considered yesterday and nearly matured, a
hill for the sale of arms, to be taken up and dis-
posed of before the Senate proceeds to the con-
sideration of the subject on which he intends to
address the Senate ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. That bill I think will lead
to debate.
Mr. DAVIS. If the Senator knows it will lead
to debate, of course I cannot ask him to give way.
Mr. HALE It certainly will.
PROPERTY IN TERRITORIES.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I call for the reading of the
resolutions which stand as a special order next
after the unfinished business.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will regard those resolutions as before the Senate
by common consent, unless objection be made.
The resolutions will bo read.
The Secretary read the following resolutions,
which were submitted by Mr. Brown on the 18th
of January:
Resolved, That the Territories are the common property
of all the States, and that it h tho privilege of the citizens
of all the States to go into the Territories with every kind
or description of property recognized by the Constitution of
the United States and lield utidei the laws of any of the
States, and that it is the constitutional duty of the law-
making power, wherever lodged, or by whomsoever exer-
cised, whether by the Congress or the Territorial Legisla-
ture, to enact such laws as may be found necessary for the
adequate and sufficient protection of such property.
Resolved, That the Committee on Territories be instruct-
ed to insert in any bill they may report for the organiza-
tion of new Territories, a clause declaring it to be the duty
of the Territorial Legislature to enact adequate and suffi-
cient laws for the protection of aii kinds of property, as above
described, within the limits of the Territoiy; and that upon
its fadure or refusal to do so, it is the admitted duty of
Congress to interpose and pass such laws.
Mr. DOOLITTLE addressed the Senate at
some length. [His speech will be published in
the Appendix.]
Mr. TOOMBS. I desire to reply, and would
as soon do so immediately. ["Oh, no; let us
adjourn."]
Mr. BROWN. I move that the Senate ad-
journ.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will state to the Sena-
tor from Georgia that, as I took the floor by the
courtesy of the Senator from Louisiana, I owe it
to him to move to take up the special order which
was the unfinished business of yesterday, in order
that it may remain as the unfinished business for
to-morrow.
. Mr. TOOMBS. The gentleman from "Wiscon-
sin has no right to do that. He has concluded,
and I have been assigned to the floor.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I only propose to do what
I promised.
Mr. TOOMBS. You are too late.
Mr. SLIDELL. I ask that the Senate bill
No. 50 be taken up, simply for the purpose of
leaving it as the unfinished business at the next
meeting of the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the Sen-
ator from Georgia yield the floor?
Mr. TOOMBS. No, sir; I do not want that
done. I desire to answer the Senator from Wis-
consin, and can do so immediately.
Mr. SLIDELL. If the Senator wants to go
on now, I have no objection.
Mr. TOOMBS. If the Senate adjourn now, I
can go on on Monday. I wish the pending reso-
lutions to be left as the unfinished business; and,
therefore, I move that the Seriate adjourn.
Mr. BROWN. I think this matter can be ar-
ranged very well. After the Senator from Georgia
shall have concluded his speech on Monday, there
will be no further purpose on that day, 1 am sure,
to pursue the discussion of this subject. I desire
to be heard during next week; but not on Mon-
day, or Tuesday, or Wednesday. After the Sen-
ator from Georgia shall have concluded his speech
on Monday, the bill of the Senator from Louisi-
ana can be taken up.
Mr. SLIDELL. Very well.
Mr. TOOMBS. Then I shall consent, with
pleasure, to take up the Senator's bill. I move,
now, that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, February 24, 1860.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. William M. Paxton, of Pittsburg.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
ANSON DART.
Mr. EDWARDS, by an an i mous consent, from
the Committee on Indian Affairs, reported a bill
for the relief of Anson Dart; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole House, placed on the Private
Calendar, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope the House will allow
the committees to be called in their regular order,
and then every committee can present their re-
ports of private bills.
RESOLUTIONS OP CAI/IFOKXIA LEGISLATURE.
Mr. BUROH, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented the following resolutions; which were
referred to their appropriate committees, as indi-
cated below:
Resolutions of the California Legislature rela-
tive to a new Territory m western Utah—to the
Committee on Territories, and ordered to be
printed.
Resolutions of the California Legislature ask-
ing the segregation of swamp lands—to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Resolutions of the California Legislature, ask-
ing the establishment of a mail route between
Murphv, California, andGrerioa,Carson Valley—
to the 'Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads, and ordered to be printed.
Resolutions of the California Legislature, ask-
ing the establishment of a mail route between Te-
hama, in Tehama count)', and Okiah, in Mendo-
cino county, and the location of post offices at
Nomelackey and Mountain House, in Tehama
county, and Nomecault, in Mendocino county—
to the Committee on the Post Officc and Post
Roads, and ordered to be printed.
Resolutions of the California Legislature rela-
tive to public land—to tho Committee on Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed .
Resolutions of the California Legislature rela-
tive to the survey of the eastern boundary of the
State—to the Committee on Territories, and or-
■ dered to be printed.
! Resolutions of the California Legislature, pray-
ingfor a daily overland mail to that State—to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads, and
ordered to bo printed.
COMMITTEE DISCHARGED.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. The Committee on
Public Lands ask to be discharged from the con-
sideration of certain memorials and resolutions
which were referred to them bymistake, and that
they be referred to their appropriate committees.
It was so ordered: and the Committee on Public
Lands were accordingly discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of the following papers, which
were referred as indicated below:
Joint resolution and memorial of the Legisla-
ture of the Territory of Nebraska, asking an ap-
propriation to construct a bridge over the South
Fork river, in the Territory of Nebraska—to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Joint resolution and memorial, asking an appro-
priation to build a penitentiary in the Teriitory
of Nebraska—to the Committee of Ways and
Means.
A memorial of the Legislature of the Territory
of Nebraska, asking an appropriation for a mili-
tary road from Fort ICeamvtothe Missouri river
—to the Committee on Military Affairs.
A memorial, fora geological survey of the Ter-
ritory of Nebraska—to the Committee on Territo-
ries.
A memorial of the Legislature of Nebraska
Territory, for the extension of the tri- weekly mail
route between Omaha and Dakota City, from said
Dakota City to Fort Randall, along the Missouri
river, in Nebraska Territory—to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
The memorial of B. Y. Shelly, asking indem-
nity for damages sustained in consequence of lo-
1 eating the Omaha Indians at Black Bird llills,
Nebraska—to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
A joint resolution and memorial for an appro-
priation to complete the eapitol in the Territory
of Nebraska—to the Committee of Ways and
Means
