I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
451;
36tii C0XG....ist Sess.
Property in Territories-—Mr. Davis.
Senate;
tutional right; bocausc he has complied with a re-
quirement so plain that my regret is that it ever
required congressional intervention to enforce it?
It belonged to the honor of the States to execute
that clause of the Constitution. They should
have executed it without congressional interven-
tion. Concessional action should only have been
useful to give that uniformity of proceeding which
State action could not have secured.
Concurring in the depicted evil of the destruc-
tion of the Democratic organization, it must be
admitted that such consequence is the inevitable
result of a radical difference of principle. The
Senator laments the disease; but instead of heal-
ing, aggravates it. While pleading the evils of a
disruption of the party, it is quite apparent that
in his mind there isanotherstill greater calamity;
for, through all his ai raigmnent of others, all his
self-laudation, all his complaints of persecution,
like an air through its variations, appears and re-
appears the action of the Charleston convention.
That seemed to he the beginning and the end of
his solicitude. The oft-told tale of his removal
from the chairmanship of the Committee 011 Ter-
ritories had to be renewed and connected with that
convention, and even assumed as the basis on
which his strength was founded in that conven-
tion. I think the Senator did himself injustice. I
think his long caieerand distinguished labois, his
admitted capacity for good hereafter, constitute a
better reason for the support winch he received,
than the fact that his associates in the Senate had
not chosen to put him in a particular position in
the organization of this body. It is enough that
that fact did not divert support from him; and 1
am aware of none of his associates here who have
forced it upon public attention with a view to
affect him.
He claims that an arraingment made against
his Democracy has been answered by the action
of a majority of the convention at Charleston;
and then proceedsto inform the minority men that
he would scorn to be the candidate of a party un-
less he received a majority of its votes. There was
no use in making that declaration; it requires not
only a majority, but, under our ruling, a vote of
two thirds, for a nomination. It was unneces-
* sary for anybody to feel scorn towards that wjuch
lie could not receive. Other unfortunate wights
might mourn the event; it belonged to the Senator
from Illinois to scoiu it. The remark of Mr.
Lowndes, which has been so often quoted, and
which, beautiful m itself, has acquired additional
value by time, that the Presidency was an office
neither to b*  sought nor declined, has no applica-
tion, therefore, to the Senator, for under certain
contingencies he says he would decline it. It does
not devolve on me to decide whether he has sought
it or not.
But, sir, what is the danger which now besets
the Democratic party? Is it, as lias been asserted,
the doctrine of intervention by Congiess> And is
that doctrine new: Is the idea that protection by
Congress to all rights of person and property,
wherever it has jurisdiction, so dangerous that, in
the language employed by the Senator, it would
sweep the Democratic party from the face of the
earth? For what was our Government instituted r
Why did the States confer upon the Fedeial Gov-
ernment the great functions which it possesses?
For protection—mainly for protection beyond the
municipal power of the States. I shall have oc-
casion, in the progress of my remai ks, to cite some
authority, and to traec this from a very early pe-
riod. I will first, however, notice an assault which
the Senator has thought proper to make upon cer-
tain States, one of which is m part represented by
myself. He says they are seceders, bolters, be-
ause they withdrew from a party convention
when it failed to announce then-principles. There
can be no tie to bind me to a party beyond my
will, i will admit no bond that holds me to a
party a day longer than I agree to its principles.
When men meet together to confer, ana ascertain
whether or not they do agree, and find that they
differ—radically, essentially, irreconcilably differ
—what belongs to an honorable position except
to part? They cannot consistently act together
any longer. It devolves upon them frankly to
announce the difference, and each to pursue his
separate course.
The letter of Mr. Yancey—acknowledged to be
a private letter, an unguarded letter, but which
somehow or other got into the press—was read to
sustain this general accusation against what arc
called the cotton States. I do not pretend to judge
how far the Senator has the right here to read a
private letter, which, without the authority of the
writer, has gone into the public press. It is one
of those questions which every man's sense of
propriety must in his own case decide. Whether
or not the use of that letter was justifiable, how
is it.to be assumed that the southern States are
bound by any opinion there enunciated? How
to be asserted that we, the residents in those States,
have pinned our faith to the sleeve of any man,
and that we will follow his behest, 110 matter
whither he may go ? But was this the only source
of information, or was the impression otherwise
sustained? Did Mr. Yancey, 111 his speech deliv-
ered at Charleston, justify the conclusions which
the Senator draws from this letter? Did he admit
them to be correct? There lie might have found
the latest evidence and the best authority. Speak-
ing to that point, Mr. Yancey said:
<♦' It lias been chained, in order to demoralize whatever
influence we might be entitled to, either from our pei.-onal
or political characteristics, or asrepiesentatives of the State
of Alabama, that wo are disruptiomsts, disunionists per sc;
that we desne to break up the party m the State ot Ala-
bama—to break up the party of the Union, and to dissolve
the Union itself. Each and all of the^c allegations, come
fioin what quarter they may, I pronounce to be false.
There is no disimionht, that 5 know of, iti the delegation
hom the State of Alabama. Theicis no disiuptionist. that
I know of; and it there are faetiomsts m our delegation,
they could not have got m theie with the knowledge upon
the'paitot our State convention that they were of so un-
enviable a character. Wc come here with two great pui-
pnses: fust, to save the constitutional rights of the South,
if tt lay 111 our power to do so. We desire to save the
South by the Ikm mean? th.it pii^ent themselves to us
and the State ot Alabama believe that the be^t mean* now
in existence h the o'camzation ot the Pemociatic party, if
we shall be able to persuade it to adopt the constitutional
ba*i> upon winch wethmk the South alone can be *a\cd.';
He further says:
Wo have come here, then, with the twofold purpose of
saving the countiy and savins the Demoei.iev ; and if the
Demociacy will not lend itself to that high, holy, and ele-
cted puipu>e; if it <,.innot elevate itself above the mete
question of how perfect snail be ns meie peisonal organ-
ization, aird how wide spread ^hall be it* mere votms suc-
cess, then we say to you, gentlemen, mournfully and re-
gretfully, that in the opinion of the Suite of Alabama, and,
1 believe, of the whole South.} on have failed m youi mi«-
teion,nnd it will be our duty to go forth and make an appeal
to the loyally of the countiy to stand by that Constitution
which p.uty organisations iiave deliberately rejected. [Ap-
plause.]*'
Mr. Yancey answers for himself. It was need-
less to go back to old letters. Here were his re-
marks, delivered before the convention, speaking
to the point in issue, and answering both as to
his purposes and as to the motives of those with
whom he confcued and acted.
The Senator next cited the resolutions of the
State of Alabama, and here he seemed to rest the
main point in his argument. The Senator said
that Alabama, in 1856, had demanded of the Dem-
ocratic convention non-intervention, and that, in
1860, she had retired from the convention because
it insisted upon non-intervention; he read one of
the resolutions of the Alabama convention of
I860, but the one which bore upon the point was
not read. The one which was conclusive as to
the position of Alabama then, and its relation to
her position now, was exactly the one that was
omitted—I read from the resolutions of this year
—was as follows:
*■' Rccoleed farther, That we reaffirm so much of the first
tesolntion of the platfoim adopted in the convention by the
Demoeiaev of thN Statu, on the Sth of Januaiy, 1856, as
iclatcs io the subjeet of slaveiy, to wit.*'
It then goes 011 to quote from that resolution of
1856, as follows:
*£ The unqualified right of the people of the Maveholdmg
States to the p'oteetion of their property m the State*, in
the Teriitoues, and in the wildeine^, in which tenitorial
govei nmcnto uie us } rt unoiganized."
That was the resolution of 1856; and like it was
one of February, 184S:
"That it be the duty ot tin- General Government, by sill
proper legisla't'on, to secure an entry into those Territories
to ail the'citizens of the United States, together with their
propeityot every doenption; and that the same .«hall be
protected by tlic United States while the Teiritories are
under its authority."
So stands the record of that State, which is now
held responsible for retiring, and is alleged to have
withdrawn because she received now what in
former times she had demanded as the full meas-
ure of her rights. Did she receive it? The argu-
ment could only be made by concealing the fact
that her resolutions of 1848 and 1856 assertedthe
right to protection, and claimed it from the Gen-
eral Government. What, then, is the necessary
inference ? That in the Cincinnati platform they
believed they obtained that which'they asserted,
or that which necessarily involved it/ Sa much
for the point of faith; so much* for the point of
consistency in the assertion of right. But if it
were otherwise, if they had neglected to assert a
right, would that destroy it? If they had failed
at some time to claim this protection, are they to
be estopped in all time to come from claiming it?
Constitutional right is eternal; not to be sacrificed
by any body of men. A single man may revive
it at any period of the existence of the Constitu-
tion. So the argument would be worthless if the
facts were as stated. That they arc not so stated,
is shown by the record.
Here allow me to say, in all sincerity, that I
dislike thus to speak about conventions; it does
not belong to the duties of the Senate; we did not
assemble here to make a President, except in the
single contingency of a failure by the people and
by the House of Representatives to elect. When
that contingency arrives, the question will be be-
fore us. I am sorry that it should have been pre-
maturely introduced. But since the action of the
recent convention at Charleston is presented as .
the basis of argument, it may be as well to refer
to it and see what it is. The majority report,
presented by seventeen States of the Union, and
those the States most reliable to give Democratic
votes, the States counted so certain to give Dem-
ocratic votes that they have been regarded as a
fixed basis, a nucleus to which others were to be
attracted—these seventeen States reported to the
convention a series of resolutions, one of which
asserted the right to protection. A minority of
States reported another series, excluding the
avowal of the right—not exactly denying it, but
not avowing it—and a second minority report was
submitted, being the Cincinnati platform pure and
simple. It is true that a majority of delegates
adopted the minority report, but not a majority
of States; nor does it appear by an analyis of the
votes, and the best evidence I have been able to
obtain, that it was by a majority of delegates, if
each had been left to his own choice; but that,
by one of those ingenious arrangements, one of
those incidents which among jurists is described
as the favor the vigilant receives from the law, it
so happened that, in certain States, the delegates
were instructed to vote as a unit; in other States
they were not; so that, wherever they were in-
structed to vote as a unit, the vote must so be cast;
and wherever they were not, they might disinte-
grate. Thus minorities were bound in one in-
stance and released in another; and by a compar-
ison made by those who had an opportunity to
know, it appears that the minority report could
not have got a majority of the delegates, if each
delegate had been permitted to cast his own vote
in the convention. Neither could it have ob-
tained, as appears by the action of the commit-
tee, a majority of the States, if they had spoken
as such. So that this vaunt as to the effect of the
adoption of the. platform by a majority seems to
have very little of substance in it. Again, I find
that, after this adoption of a platform, a delegate
from Tennessee offered a resolution—
"That all citizens nf the United States have an equal
right to .settle, with then property, in the Territories of the
United States; and that, underthe decision of the Supreme
Court of the United State?, whieh we recognize as a eoirect
exposition of the Constitution of the United States, neither
their lights of pet son or property can ho destroyed or im-
paired by congressional or tenitorial legislation.5'
It does not appear that a vote was taken on it.
There is a current belief that it would have been
adopted. If it had been, it would have been an
acknowledgment by the Democracy, in conven-
tion assembled, that the question had been settled
by the decisions of the Supreme Court. But in
the progress of the convention, when they came
to balloting, it appears, by an analysis of the vote
for candidates, that the Senator from Illinois
received from seventeen undoubted Democratic
States of the Union, casting one hundred and
twenty-seven electoral votes, but eleven votes.
It is not such a great triumph, then, in the Dem-
ocratic view, as is claimed. It does not suffice to
