456
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 11,
36th Cong....1st Sess.
Property in Territories—Mr. Davis.
Senate.
add up the number of votes where they do not
avail. It is not fair to bring the votes of Ver-
mont, where I believe nobody expects we shall
be successful, and count them for a particular
candidate. The electoral votes, and these alone,
tell upon the result; and it appears that in those
States which have been counted certain to cast
their electoral votes for the candidate who might
have been nominated at that convention, the Sen-
ator received but eleven. This is but meager claim
to bind us to his car as the successful champion
of the majonty. This is but small basis for the
boast that his hopes were gratified; Unit he would :
not receive the nomination, unless sustained by a
majority of the party, and that his opinions had
received the indorsement of the Democracy.
My devotion to the party is life-long. If the
assertion be allowable, it may be said that 1 in-
herited my political principles. I derive them from
a revolutionary father—one of the earnest friends
of Mr. Jefferson, who, after the Revolution which
achieved our independence, bore Ins full part in
the civil revolution of 1800, which emancipated
us from Federal usurpation and consolidation. I
therefore have all that devotion to party which
belongs to habitual reverence and confidence. But,
sir, that devotion to party iests on the assumption
that it is to maintain sound principles; that it is
to strive hereafter, as heretofore, to carry out the
great cardinalereed in which the Democratic party
was founded. When the'resolutions of 1798 and
1799 are discarded; when we fly from the extreme
of monarchy to land in the danger to Republics—
anarchy, and the Democratic party says its arm
is paralyzed, cannot be raised to maintain consti-
tutional rights, my devotion to its organization is
at an end. It fails thenceforward in the purposes
for which it was established; and if there be a
constitutional party m the land which, in the lan-
guage of Mr. Jefferson, would find in the vigor of
the Federal Government the best hope for our
liberty and security, to that party I should attach
myself whenever that sad contingency arose.
The resolutions of 1798 and 1799, though di-
rected against usurpation, were equally directed
against the dangers of anarchy. Their principles
are alike applicable to both. Their cardinal creed
was a Federal Government according to the grants
conferred upon it, and these righteously adminis-
tered. It is not fair to the men who taught us the
lessons of Democracy, that they should be held
responsible for a theory which leaves the Federal
Government, as one who has abdicated all au-
thority, to stand at the mercy of local usurpations.
Least of ah does their teaching maintain that this
Government has no power over the Tenitories;
that this Government has no obligation to protect
the nghts of person and property in the Ten i-
tones; for among the first acts under the Consti-
tution was one which both asserted and exercised
the power.
Alter the adoption of tiie Constitution,in 1789,
an act was passed, to which reference is frequently
made as being a confirmation of the ordinance of
1787; and this has been repeated so often that it
has received general belief. There was a consti-
tutional provision which required all obligations
and engagements under the Confederation to hold
good under the Constitution. If there was an
obligation or an engagement growing out of the
ordinance of 1787, out of the deed of cession by
Virginia, it was transmitted to the Go\ernment
established under the Constitution; but that Con-
gress under the Constitution gave it no vitality,
that they added no force to it, is apparent from
the fact which is so often relied upon as authority.
It was in view of this fact, in full remembrance
of this and of other facts connected with it, that
Mr. Madison said, in relation to passing regula-
tions for the Territories, that " Congress did not
regard the interdiction of slavery among the need-
ful regulations contemplated by the Constitution,
since, in none of the territorial governments
created by them, was such an interdict found."
I am aware that Justice McLean has viewed this
as a historical error of Mr. Madison. I shall not
assume to decide between such high authorities.
The act is as follows:
An act to provide for the government of the Territory north-
west of the Ohio river.
Whereas, in order that the ordinance of the United States
in Congress assembled for the government of the Tenitoiy
northwest of the river Ohio may continue to have full ef-
fect, it is icquisite that certain provisions should be made
so as to adapt the same to the present Constitution of the
United States:
Be it enacted by the Senate and Mouse of Representatives
of the United Stateiof America in Congress assembled, That
in nil cases in which, by the said ordinance, any informa-
tion is to be given, or communication made, by the Gov-
ernor of the said Territory to the United States in Congress
assembled, or to any of their officers, it shall be the duty of
the said Governor to give such information, and to make
such communication, to the Pie&idcnt of the United States;
and the President shall nominate, and, by and with the
advice and conscntof the Senate,shall appoint, all officers
which, by the said ordinance, were to have been appoint-
ed by the United States in Congress assembled; and all
officers so appointed shall bo commissioned by lum ; and
in all cases where the United States in Congress a^cmbled
might, by the said ordinance, make any commission, or
remove irom any oiiicc, the President is hereby declared
to have the same poweis of revocation and removal.
Sec:. 2. And he itjuither cnacted, That in the case of the
death, removal, resignation, or nece.'sarj absence of tire
Govern er of the said Teiritory, the secretary thereof shall
be, and he is hereby, authorized and lequrredto execute all
the powers and perfoim all the duties of the Governor
during the vacancy occasioned by the removal, resignation,
or necovsaiy absence of the said Governoi.
Approved August 7,1769.
All that is to be found in this act which favors
the supposition, and frequent assertion, that under
the Constitution the ordinance of 1787 was rati-
fied and confirmed, is to be found m the preamble;
and that preamble so vaguely alludes to it that the
idea is refuted by reference to an act which fol-
lowed soon afterwards—the act of 1793—from
which I will read a single section:
" Sec. 3. J2nd be it further cnacted. That when a person
held to labor in any of the Hinted ritatOf, or in either of the ;
Tenitories on the notthwe-tor 5.011th of the liver Ohio. un~ :
der the law> thereof, t-hall escape into an_\ other of the said
Slates or Ten lioness, the person to whom such r-erviee ot !
labor may be due, hi-* aaent, or attorney, is hereby empow- 1
eied to seize 01 anes>t;*uch fugitive from labor,'"' &e.
Is it not apparent that when the Congress legis-
lated in 1793, they recognized the existence of
slavery, and protected that kind of property in
the Territory northwest of the river Ohio ? and is
it not conclusive that they did not intend, by the
act of 1789, to confirm, ratify, and give effect to
the ordnance of 1787, which would have excluded
it?
This doctrine of protection, then, is not new.
It goes back to the foundation of the Govern-
ment. It is traceable down through all the early
controversies; and they arose at least as early as
1790. It is found in the messages of Mr. Jeffer-
son and Mr. Madison j and in the legislation of
Congress; and also in the messages of the elder
Adams. There was not one of the, first four Prcs-
lj idents of the United States who did notrecognize
!| this obligation of protection, who did not assert
;i this power on the part of the Federal Govern-
ment ; and not one of rhem ever attempted to pervert
it to a power to destroy. If division in the Dem-
ocratic party is to arise now, because of this doc-
trine, it is not from the change by those who as-
sert it, but of those who deny it. It is not from
the introduction of a new feature in the theory of
our Government, hut from the denial of that which
was iccognized in its very beginning.
As I understood the main argument of the Sen-
ator, it was based upon the general postulate that
the Democratic convention of 1848 recognized a
new doctrine—a doctrine which inhibited the Gen-
i eial Government from interfering in any way,
| cither for the projection of property or otherwise,
1 with the local affairs of a Tcuiiory; he held the
I party responsible for all the opinions entertained
] by the candidate in 1843, because the party had
j nominated him; and he quoted the teeoid toshow
j what States, by voting for him, had committed
i themselves to the doctrine of the " Nicholson let-
■ tor." He even quoted South Carolina, repre-
| sented by that man who became famous fora single
1 act, and, as South Carolinians said, without au-
| thority at home to sustain It. But this was cited
! as pledging the faith of South Carolina to the
; doctrine of the "Nicholson letter," and, -svoise
' than all, the Senator did this, though lie knew
1 that the doctrine of the " Nicholson letter" was
| the subject of controversy for years subsequently;
j that what was the two construction of that letter
j entered into the canvass in the southern States;
| that the construction whh;h Mr. Cass himself
i placed upon it at a subsequent period was there
! denied: and the Senator might have remembered,
I if he hud chosen to recollect so unimportant a
thing, that I once had to explain to him, ten years
ago, the fact that I repudiated the doctrine of that
letter at the time it was published; and that the
Democracy of Mississippi had well-nigh crucified
me for the construction which I placed upon it;
there were men mean enough to suspect that the
construction I gave to the Nicholson letter was
prompted by the confidence and affection I feltfor
General Taylor. At a subsequent period, how-
ever, Mr. Cass thoroughly reviewed it. He
uttered, for him, very harsh language against all
who had doubted the true construction of his let-
ter, and he construed it just as I had done during
the canvass of 1848. It remains only to add, that
I supported Mr. Cass, not because of the doc-
trine of the Nicholson letter, but in despite of it*
because I believed a Democratic President, with
a Democratic Cabinet, and Democratic counsel-
ors in the two Houses of Congress, and he as
honest a man as I believed Mr. Cass to be, would
be a safer reliance than his opponent, who per-
sonally possessed my confidence as much as any
man living, but who was of, and must draw his
advisers from, a party, the tenets of which I be-
lieved to be opposed to the interests of the country,
as they were to all my political convictions.
I little thought at that time that my advocacy
of Mr. Cass upon such grounds as those, or his
support by the State of which I am a citizen,
would at any future day be quoted as an indorse-
ment of the opinions contained in the Nicholson
letter, as those opinions were afterwards defined.
But it is not only upon this letter, but equally
upon the resolutions of the convention as con-
structive of that letter, that he rested his argu-
ment. I will here say to the Senator that if, at
any time, I do him the least injustice, speaking
as I do from such notes as I could take while he
progressed, I will thank him to correct me.
But this letter entered into the canvass; there
was a doubt about its construction; there were
men who asserted that they had positive authority
for saying that it meant that the people of a Ter-
ritory could only exclude slavery when the Ter-
ritory should form a constitution and be admitted
as a State. This doubt continued to hangover
the constiuction, and it was that doubt alone
which secured Mr. Cass the vote of Mississippi.
If the true construction had been certainly known,
he would have had no chance to get it. Our ma-
jority went down from thousands to hundreds, as
it was. In Alabama the decrease was greater. It
was not that the doctrine was countenanced; but
I the doubt as to the true meaning of the letter,
] and the constantly reiterated assertion that it
| only meant the Territories when they should be
■ admitted as States, enabled him to carry those
j States.
But if I mistook the Senator there, I think prob-
ably I did not on another point: that he claimed
the support of certain southern men for Mr. Rich-
ardson as Speaker of the House to be by them
; an acknowledgment of the doctrine of squatter
; sovereignty.
j 1 suppose those southern men who voted for
j Mr. Richardson voted for him as I did for Mr.
; Cass, in despite of his opinions on that question,
] because they preferred Mr. Richardson to Mr.
i Banks, even with squatter sovereignty. They
! considered that the latter was carrying an amount
of heresies which greatly exceeded the value of
' squatter sovereignty. It was a choice of evils—
' not an indorsement of his opinions. Ncitherdid
they this year indorse the opinions on that point
! of Mr. McClernand, when they voted for him.
j According to the Senator's argument, I could show
1 him that Illinois was committed to the doctrine
; of Federal protection to property in the Territo-
| ries and the remedy of secession as a Slate right;
j committed irrevocably, unmistakably, with no
j right to plead any ignorance of the political cieed
1 of the individual, or the meaning of his woids.
i In 1855—1 refer to it with pride—Illinoisdid me
i the honor to vote consistently for me for the Vice
! Presidency up to the time of adjournment: though
1 in 1850 and in 1851 1 had done all these acts
which have been spoken of, and the Senator has
; admitted my consistency in opinions which were
avowed with at least such perspicuity as left
, nobody in doubt as to my position. Did Illinois
| then adopt my theory of protection m the Tern-
i tories, or of the right of State secession? ^0, sir.
