1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
819
Mr. CRAIGE,ofNorth Carolina. I withdrawit.
Mr. KEITT. I understand, Mr. Speaker, that
certain resolutions were offered this morning, by
a member from New York, [Mr. Carter,] and
that they were objected to because of my absence.
I wish now to ask the gentleman from Louisiana
[Mr. Davidson] who made the objection, to with-
draw it, and allow those resolutions to come in,
for I wish to make an explanation in relation to
their propriety, and to submit some remarks
applicable alone to the member from New York
who offered them.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I objected to the resolu-
tions this morning in consequence of the absence
of Mr. Keitt, the chairman of the committee
which was censured by the resolutions. As he
is now present, and desires to have the objection
withdrawn, I withdrawit.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I desire to know
whether the withdrawing of the objection to the
resolutions brings them up for consideration?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It does not.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Then I object.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Is this in order?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Not except by
unanimous consent.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Well, I object.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The only busi-
ness in order is* to proceed to the election of a
Printer, or a motion to adjourn.
delay in the issue of land patents.
Mr. VALLAND1GHAM. I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to offer a resolution
which, I think, will meet the approbation of gen-
tlemen upon all sides. ^
Several Members. Let it be read.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee on'Public Lands be in-
structed to inquire into the cause of the great delay in
issuing patents for lands sold or located under the several
bounty land laws, and to leport such measures as may be
necessary to remedy the evil.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there any
objection to the resolution?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope not.
I think it ought to be passed.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I have no objection
to that"resolution.
Mr. HOUSTON. I have no objection to the
adoption of the resolution of the gentleman from
Ohio; but I will say to the gentleman that, so far
as patents are due front the General Land Office,
they are being issued as fast, and have been issued
and sent to the proper points as fast, as the eases
could be reached and disposed of by the force in
the Land Office.
Mr. SPAULDING. That is just what we
want to find out.
Mr. HOUSTON. So far as the gentleman's
resolution seems to cast censure on the Land Of-
fice, or to bear the implication that the Land Office
lias been derelict in the discharge of its duty, to
that extent I object to it. But I am willing that
the resolution shall tie passed, and that the in-
quiry shall be made, as proposed by the gentle-
man from Ohio.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. My purpose is not
censure, but redress, in some way, of a grievance.
The resolution was then agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope that we shall now
spend a little time in calling the committees for
reports of private business for reference.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I move that the House
do now adjourn
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust that motion will be
voted down.
Mr. KEITT. I wish to say, in justice to my-
self and to the other gentlemen appointed by the
Chair on the'eommittee to make arrangements for
the inauguration of the "Washington statue 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
from South Carolina can be heard by the general
consent of the House.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I object.
Mr. KEITT. I do not mean to make a speech
now, but simply to say that I intend to speak to
the resolutions of the member from New York
when they come up; and, as they have gone out,
I do say that they are unfounded in facU
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Debate is not in
order. The question is on the motion to adjourn.
Mr. GARTRELL. I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Sedgwick
and Thomas were appointed.
The question was put; and the tellers reported
—ayes, sixty-eight.
Mr. SHERMAN. I understand that the mo-
tion to adjourn is withdrawn; and I therefore
move-that the further execution of the special
order for the election of a Printer be postponed
until Monday next.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That motion
is-not in order while the H'ouse is dividing.
The SPEAKERpro tempore. The Chair under-
stands that the motion to adjourn is withdrawn.
Mr. McCLERNAND. No, sir. I decline to
withdraw the motion to adjourn.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Then the tellers
will resume their places.
Mr. GROW. I demand the yeas and nays on
the motion to adjourn, for I want the record to
show who are and who are not ready to go
promptly to the discharge of the business of the
session.
Mr. SCHWARTZ. The negative vote has not
yet been announced, and the House may refuse
to adjourn.
Mr. GROW. I withdraw my demand for the
yeas and nays for the present.
The tellers reported seventy-four votes in the
negative.
The House refused to adjourn.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the further
execution of the special ord'er-be postponed until
Monday next; and further, that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. BARKSDALE. We are willing, if there
be an understanding that no business shall be done
this evening.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will say, if I get the con-
sent of the House, I would like to get through, in
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, with-the Military Academy appropria-
tion bill and the invalid pension appropriation bill,
about which there can be no controversy.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question
will be first, taken oil the motion to postpone.
The question was taken; and the motion was
ao-reed to.
invalid pension bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move now that the rules
be suspended, and the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to. _
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Washbfrne, of Illinois, in the chair.)
Mr. BRANCH. I understand that no business
is to be done
Mr. BARKSDALE. I will ask the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] whether it is not the
understanding that no business is to be done in
the House wiien the committee rises?
Mr. SHERMAN. So far as I am concerned,
I am willing that that shall be the understanding;
but I do desire that we shall this afternoon pass
through this committee the two appropriation bills
to which I have already referred. There can be
no controversy on them.
The CHAIRMAN. The question before the
committee is the consideration of the President's
annual message; and on that question the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. McPherson] is
entitled to the floor. Does the gentleman from
Pennsylvania yield to the gentleman from Ohio?
Mr. McPHERSON. 1 do, for the purpose
stated. *
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the committee
postpone the further consideration of the Presi-
dent s annual message for the present.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the committee
proceed to the consideration of the House bill
(No. 3) making appropriations for the payment
of invalid and other pensions of the United States
for the year ending June 30, 1861.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the first read-
ing of the bill for information be dispensed with.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
The CHAIRMAN. The bill will be now read
by the Clerk for amendment.
The Clerk read the bill inextenso. It provides
for the appropriation of the following sums out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise ap-
propriated, for the payment of pensions for the
year ending June 30, 1861: For invalid pensions
under various acts, $425,000; for pensions to wid-
ows of those who served in the revolutionary
war, under the third section of the act of July 4,
1836, the acts of July 7,1858, March 3,1843, June
17, 1844, February 2 and July 29, 1848, and sec-
ond section act of February 3, 1853, §200,000; for
pensions to widows and orphans, under first sec-
tion act July 4, 1836, act July 21, 1848, first sec- .
tion act of February 3, 1853, and under special
acts, $60,000; for Navy in valid pensions, $43,000;
for Navy pensions to widows and orphans, under
act of August 11, 1848, $120,000; and for priva-
teer invalids, $1,000.
Mr. BRANCH. I would like the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means to state to
the committee whether the items of the bill con-
form to the estimates sent to us from the Depart-
ments ?
Mr. SHERMAN. They conform to the esti-
mates, and are three or four thousand dollars less
than the appropriations for the same purpose for
the last year. They are simple appropriations to
carry into effect the existing pension laws of the
United States, and I cannot see how there can be
any controversy on the subject. If there are no
amendments to be offered, 1 move that the bill be
laid aside, to be reported to the House with the
recommendation that it do pass.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
military academy bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the committee
proceed to the consideration of House bill No.
5, making appropriations for the support of the
Military Academy for the year ending June 30,
1861.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the first read-
ing of the bill for information be dispensed with
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
The CHAIRMAN. The bill will now be read
for amendment
The Clerk read the bill in extenso. It provides
that the following sums be appropriated, out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, for the support of the Military Acad-
emy for the year ending June 30, 1861: For pay
of officers, instructors, cadets, and musicians,
§116,096; for commutation of subsistence, §4,161;
for forage for officers'horses, $1,440; forpay in lieu
of clothing to officers' servants, $60; for current
and ordinary expenses, as follows: repairs and
improvements, fuel and-apparatus, forage, post-
age, stationery, transportation, printing, clerks,
miscellaneous and incidental expenses, and de-
partments of instruction, $36,895; for gradual in-
crease and expense of library, $1,000; for expenses
of the board of visitors, $4,500; for forage of ar-
tillery and cavalry horses, $8,640; for supplying
horses for artillery and cavalry practice, §1,000;
for repairs of officers' quarters, ^500; for models
for the department of cavalry, §100; for extension
of water pipes and increase of reservoir, §2,500;
for targets and batteries for artillery exercise,
§150; for furniture for hospital for cadets, §100;
for annual repairs of gas pipes and retorts, §500;
and for warming apparatus for academic building,
§2,750.
Mr. STANTON. I will ask my colleague
whether the items of the bill conform to the esti-
it!cltcs ^
Mr. SHERMAN. I will answer my colleague.
There is a reduction on the estimates. So far as
the items go, they conform to the estimates, and
. in no ease exceed them. One estimate for new
| buildings is not included in the bill, because the
committee did not think that the buildings ought
now to be constructed. I move that the bill be
laid aside, to be reported to the House with the
recommendation that it do pass.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
president's message.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the committee
resume the consideration of the President's mes-
1 sage.
