I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3Gtji Coxg....1st Sess.
Property in Territories—Mr. Davis,
Senate.
I hold thern lo no such consequences. Some of
the old inhabitants of Illinois may have remem-
bered me when their northern frontier was a wil-
derness, when they and I had kind relations in
the face of hostile Indians. Some of them may
have remembered me, and, I believe, kindly, as
associated with them at a later period on the fields
of Mexico. The Senator himself, I know, re-
membered kindly his association with me in the
Halls of Congress. It was these bonds which
gave mo the confidence of the State of Illinois. I
never misconstrued it. I never pretended to put
them in the attitude of adopting all my opinions—
never required it, never desired it, save as in so
far as wishing all men would agree with me, con-
fidently believing my position to be true. At a
later period, and when these questions were more
important in the public mind, when public atten-
tion had been more directed to them, when pub-
lic opinion hod been more matured, at the very
time when the Senator claims that his doctrine
culminated, the State of Illinois voted for a gen-
tleman for Vice President, at Cincinnati, who held
the same opinions with myself; or, if there was
a difference, held them to a greater extreme—1
mean General Quitman.
Mr. DOUGLAS. We made no test on any one.
Mr. DAVIS. Then, how did the South become
responsible for the doctrine of General Cass, by
consenting to his nomination in 1848, and sup-
porting his election? Butatala(erperiod,down to
the present session, what is the position in which
the Senator places his friends—those sterling Dem-
ocrats, uncompromising anti-Know Nothings;
men who give no quarter to the American party,
and yet who voted this year for Mr. Smith, of
North Carolina, to be Speaker of the House of
Representatives? Is the Senatoransweiedr Does
he not see that there is no justice in assuming a
vote for an individual to be the entire adoption of
his opinions '
He cited, in this connection, a resolution of
1848, as having been framed to cover the doctrines
of the Nicholson letter; and he claimed thus to
ha\e shown that the convention not only under-
stood it, but adopted it, and made it the party
cieed, and that we were bound to it from that pe-
riod forward. He even had that resolution of 1848
read, m order that there should be, at no future
time, any question as to the principle which the
party then avowed; that it should be fixed as a
starting point in all the future progress of Democ-
racy. I was surprised at the importance the Sen-
ator attached to that resolution of 1348, because
it was not new. It was not framed to meet the
opinions of the Nicholson letter, but came down
from a period as remote as 1840; was copied into
the platform of 1844, and again into that of 1848,
being the expression which the condition of the
countryin 1840 had induced—a declaration of
opinion growing out of the agitation in the two
Houses of Congress at that day, and the frarful
strides which anti-slavery was making,mid which
Mr. Calhoun had labored to check by the declara-
tion of constitutional truths, as set forth in his
Senate resolutions of 1837-38.
That there may be no mistake on this point,
and particularly as the Senator attached special
importnnee to it, 1 will turn to the platform of
1840, and read from it, so that it shall be found
to be 
Mr. DOUGLAS. It is conceded.
Mr. DAVIS. The Senator concedes the fact
that the resolution of 1848 was a copy of that of
1840; and with the concession falls his argument.
The platforms of 1840 and 1844 weir reaffirmed
in 1848; and, consequently, the resolution of 1848,
being; identical with that oi 1840, was not a con-
struction of th'1 letter written m 1847.
True to Us instincts and to its practices, the
Democratic party, from time to time, continued
to add to their" platform" whatever was needful
for action bv the Government in the condition of
the country" Tiius, m 1844, they reasserted the
platform of 1840; and they added thereto, because
of a question then pending, that—
aTno ruanmwation of Texas at the earhe-t practicable
pci iOfi in a great .American measure, which the convention
reeoumierui to the coichal suppoitof the Uemociacy of the
Unio:i "
In 1848 they readopted the resolutions of 1844;
and were not a little laughed at for keeping up the
question of Texas after it had been annexed. In
1855a new question had arisen; the measures of
1850 had presented with great force to the public
mind the necessity for some expression of opin-
ion upon the disturbingquestions which the meas-
ures of 1850 had been designed to quiet. There-
fore, in 18£2, the party, true to its obligation to
announce its principles and to meet issues as they
arise, said:
"Resolved, That the foregomp proposition [referring to
the resolution of 1848] covers, and was intended to em-
brace, the whole subject of slavery agitation in Congress ;
and, theiefore, the Democratic party of the Union, stand-
ing on this national platform, will abide by and adhere to
a faithful execution of the act known as the compromise
measure, settled by the last Congress, the act for reclaim-
ing fugitives from labor included; which act, being de-
signed to carry out an express provision of the Constitu-
tion, cannot, with fidelity theieto, be repealed or so changed
as to destioy or impair its efficiency.
" Resolved, That the Democratic party will restrain all
attempts at renewing, in Congress or out of it, the agitation
of the slave question, under whatever shape or color the
attempt may be made.15
This was the addition made in 1852, and it was
made becausc of the agitation which then pre-
vailed through the country against the fugitive
slave act, and it was because the fugitive slave
act, and that alone, was assailed, and the Demo-
cratic convention met the issue on that measure
specifically; and for the same reason it received
! the approbation of the southern States. Had this
been considered as the indorsement of the slave-
trade bill for the District of Columbia, it would
not have received their approval. The agitation
was in relation to recovering fugitive slaves, and
the Democratic party boldly and truly met the
living issue, and declared its position upon it.
In 1856 other questions had arisen. It was
necessary to meet them. The convention did
meet them, and met them in a manner which was
satisfactory, becausc it was believed to be full.
I will not weary the Senate by reading the reso-
lutions of 1856; they are familiar to everybody.
I only quote a portion of them:
"The American Ocmociacy recognize and adopt the
principles contained in the organic laws establishing the
Territoues of Kansas and Nebula as embodying the only
sound .and safe solution of the ' slavery question' upon
which the great national idea of the people of this whole
countiv can lepose m its determined conservatism of the
Union—non-interference bj Congress with slavery in State
and Teiritory, or in the District of Columbia.
" That, by the uniform application of this Democratic
principle to"the organization of Territories, and to the ad-
minion of new States, with or without dome-tic slavery,
a* the)- may elect, the equal inrht^of all State-, will be pre-
served intact, the original compacts of the Constitution
maintained inviolate, and the perpetuity and expansion of
tlus rmon in^ui.-d to its utmost c.ipaeitv of embracing, in
pcacc and harmony, ever} futuie American State that may
hf> constituted oi amiex-'d with a republican form of gov-
ernment."
Pray, what can this mean? Squatter sover-
eignty ? Incapacity of the Federal Government
to enact any law for the protection of slave prop-
erty anywhere? Could that be, in the face of a
struggle that we weie constantly carrying on
against the opponents of the fugitive slave law?
Could that be, in the face of the fact that a ma-
jority had trodden down our constitutional rights
'in the District of Columbia, by legislating in re-
lation to that particular character of property, and
I that they had failed to redeem a promise they
had saciedly made to pass a law for the protec-
tion of slave property, so as to punish any one
who should seduce, or entice, or abduct it from
an owner in this District'
With all these tilings fresh in mind, what did
they mean? They meant that Congress should
not decide the question uheth-T that institution
should exist within aTerntory or not. They did
not mean to withdraw from the inhabitants of the
Djstrictof Columhiathat protection to which they
; weie entitled, and which is almost annually given
! by legislation; and yet States nnd Temtories and
| the District of Columbia are all grouped together,
as the points- upon which this idea iests, and to
which it is directed. It meant that Congress was
not to legislate to interfere with the rights of prop-
erty anyVheie; not to attempt to decide what
should l)o the institutions maintained anywhere;
but surely not to disclaim the right to protect prop-
erty, whether on sea or on land, wherever the
Federal Government had jurisdiction and power.
( But some sti i,ss has been hud upon the lcsolution,
j which says that this principle should be applied to
| The organization of the Territories, and to the admis-
sion of new States, with or without domestic slavery, as
they may elect."
What does " may elect" mean? Does it refer
to organization of the Territory? Who may elecO
Congress organizes the Territories, Did it taean,
that the Territories were to elect? It does not say
so. What does it say ?
" That by the uniform application of tbis Democratic
principle to the'organization of Territories, and to the ad-
mission of new States, with or without domestic si a very,
as they may elect."
And here it met a question which had disturbed
the peace of the country and well nigh destroyed
the Union—the right of a State holding slaves to
be admitted into the Union. It was declared here
that the State so admitted should elect whether it;
would or would not have slaves. There is noth-
ing in that which logically applies to the organi-
zation of a Territory. But if this be in doubt, let
us come to the last resolution, which says:
" We recognize the right of the people of all the Terri-
torie.-, including Kansas and Nebraska, acting through the
legally aiid t'auly expressed will of a majority of actual res-
idents'1—
Does it stop there ? No—
" and whenever the numberof their inhabitants justifies it,
to form a constitution with or without domestic slavery,
and be admitted into th.e Union upon terms of perfect equal-
ity with the other States."
If there, had been any doubt before as to what
" may elect" referred to, this resolution certainly
removed it. It is clear they meant that when a
Territory had a sufficient number of inhabitants,
and came to form a constitution, then it might de-
cide the question as it pleased. From that doc-
trine, I know no Democrat who now dissents.
I have thus, because of the asseftion that this
was a new idea, attempted to be interjected into
the Democratic creed, gone over some portion of
its history. Important by its connection with the
existing agitation, and last in the series, is an act
with the ushering in of which the Senator is more
familiar than myself, and on which he made re-
marks, to which, it is probable, some of those
who acted with him will reply. I wish merely
to say, in relation to the Kansas-Nebraska, act,
that there are expressions in it which seem,to me
not of doubtful meaning,isuch as, "in all cases
involving title to slaves, or involving the question
of personal freedom," there should be a trial
before the courts, and without reference to the
amount involved, an appeal to the supreme court
of the Territory, and from thence to the Supreme
Court of the United States. If there was no right
of property there; if we had no right to recog-
nize it there; if some sovereign was to determine
whether it existed or not, why did we say that
the Supreme Court of the United States, m the
last resort, should decide the question ? If itwas
an admitted thing, by that bill, that the Territorial
Legislature should decide it, why did we provide
for takingthe case to the Supreme Court? If ithad
been believed then, as it is asserted now, that a
Territory possessed all the power of a State; that
the inhabitants of a Territory could meet in con-
vention, and decide the question as the people of
a State might do, there was nothing to be cairied
to the Supreme Court. You cannot appeal from
the decision of a constitutional convention of a
State to the Supreme Court of the United States
to decide whether slave property shall be prohlb-
| ited or admitted within the limns of a State; and
if they rest on the same footing, what is the mean-
ing of that clause of the bill?
I But this organic law further provides, just as
the resolution* of the convention had done, that
when a legal majority of the residents of either
Tenitory formed a constitution, then, at their
will, they might iccognize or exclude slavery,
and come into the Union as coequal States. This
fixes the period, defines the time at which the
territorial inhabitants may perform this act, and
clearly forbids the idea that it was intended, by
those who enacted the law, to acknowledge that
power to be existent in the inhabitants of a Ter-
ritory dining their territorial condition. If 1 am
mistaken inlhis, if there was a cotemporaneous
construction of it differing fiom this, the Senators
who sit around me, and who were then members
of the body, will not fail to rumember it.
The Senator asserts that, in relation to this
point, those who acted with him have cbangcd,
and claims for himself to have been consistent.
