882
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
His colleague, Mr. Curry,"said:
" I am not ashamed or afraid publicly to avow that the
election of William H. Seward or Salmon P. Chase, ot
any such representative of the Republican party, upon a
sectional platform, ought to be resisted to the disruptionof
every tie that binds this Confederacy together."
Which sentiment, the Congressional Globe in-
forms us, was applauded " on the Democratic side
of the House."
His colleague [Mr. Pugh] said, if thfe Repub-
licans get possession of the Government—
" Then the question is fully presented, whether the south-
ern States will remain in the Union, as subject and degraded
colonies, or will they withdraw and establish a southern
Confederacy of coequal homogeneous sovereigns ? In my
judgment, the latter is the only course compatible witii the
honor, equality, and safety of the South; and the sooner it
is known and acted upon the better for all parties to the
compact."
His colleague [Mr. Clopton] defended "the
policy of secession in the event of the success and
triumph of the Black Republican party, as a pre-
ventive remedy against injustice and oppression."
AH of those gentlemen acted with the Democratic
party in the contest for Speaker, though they re-
fused to vote, on the last ballot, for the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. McCleunand.]
The member from Georgia [Mr. Crawford]
said he spoke the sentiment of every Democrat on
the floor from that State, when he declared "they
will never submit to the inauguration of a Black
Republican President;'' which, the Congressional
Globe informs us, was af plauded from the Dem-
ocratic benches. He repeated the remark, and he
wasagain applaudedin the same quarter. Further,
he said for himself, that he had lost all hope of
equality in the Union, and he was for independ-
ence now. He also said that slavery " demands
expansion, and will have it." His colleague [Mr.
Gartrell] ex-pressed substantially the same sen-
timent. These gcptlemen voted for all the Demo-
cratic candidates for Speaker. ,
The gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Bon-
ham] said, that upon the election of Seward, or
any such man, he " was in favor of an immediate
dissolution of the Union."
His colleague [Mr. Miles] said he was a sec-
tional man; that he owed his chief and primary
allegiance to South Carolina; and that he felt 110
sympathy with that general, indiscriminate laud-
ation of this nation, which seems to swallow up
in that one idea every notion of State rights and
State sovereignty.
The gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Moore]
said, that to his "gallant State he owed his first
and highest allegiance."
His colleague [Mr. Curry] protested that to
"Alabama he owed his first and undivided allegi-
? <1 -O
ance.
The gentleman from Virginia [Mr. De Jar-
nette] said, that Seward might be elected Presi-
dent of the North, but of the South never; and that
Virginia, in view of her ancient renown, 111 view
of her illustrious dead, and 111 view of her sic semper
tyrannis, will insist his authority.
Iliscolleague [Mr. Leake] denies that Virginia
will consent to fight xcithin ftiis Union for her
rights—as lately proposed by Governor Wise and
approved by some of the delegation in Congress.
He said the idea was ridiculous in the extreme;
and he claimed that Virginia has the right, when
she pleases, to withdraw from the Confederacy;
which sentiment, the Globe's report of proceed-
ings states, was applauded upon the Democratic
benches. Both these Virginia members voted for
all the Democratic candidates for Speaker.
NO DISUNIONISM OUtsiDE OF THE SOUTHERN DE-
MOCRACY.
I might multiply extracts, selecting from other
speeches in the House, and from those of most
prominent Democrats in the Senate. Surely, these
will satisfy the most incredulous that a very larire
proportion of the Democratic leaders of the South
are secessionists and disunionists; that these opin-
ions place them beyond the pale of sympathy or
confidence from the Union-loving masses; and that
they are, of necessity, most unsafe and unfit men
to be intrusted with our great national interests.
Yet it is most truG) that the Democratic organiza-
tion is in the hands of these gentlemen, and such
as they; that the States they represent elect Dem-
ocratic Presidents, and send the bu! k of Democratic
members of both branches of Congress; that they
control the congressional caucuses and national
conventions, and moid the policy of the party,
and that a large portion of their power for evil grows
outof theirposition asmanagersoftheDemocratic
party. Outside of thein, there is no disunion sen-
timent of the least consequence. The disunion-
ist's home is in or near the Democratic party; and
he selects that because his brethren are afrits head;
and because he has found it to be the most eligi-
ble workshop he can find, in which to prepare the
weapons he intends to wield against the Union.
Sir, let me not be misunderstood. I speak not
of the masses of that party North or South. In
both sections they are honest, sincere, and patri-
otic. They are lovers of the Union, and would
shed their blood to maintain it, as their Tathcrs
did to confirm and preserve it. But they have
been betrayed. Already the truth is breaking
upon them, and they begin to realize, more or less
clearly, that they are in truth the motive-power
of a machinery which is actually leveled at what
is nearest and dearest to them. It is difficult to
realize-such perfidy; but when convinced of it,
and of the policy of the masters of the Democratic
organization, the people of both sections will rise
in their might and majesty, and, plowing up all
the prejudices of education and all the influences
of habit, turning deaf ears to party rallying cries,
and offering all their personal preferences a sacri-
fice upon the altar of their country, they will pulh
down and stamp with reprobation those who have
gained confidence only to abuse it, sought power
only to sap the foundations of the Republic. There
is a fearfulness in a people wielding the sword of
avenging justice. Here it will be done peacefully,
quietly, but effectually, as it has hitherto been; and
the splendid devotion of a whole nation to them-
selves—as will on* that day be made manifest—-
will send fear to the hearts of the traitorous, joy
to the hearts of the patriotic.
The Administration party in this House have
not only pursued a reckless, factious, disorgan-
izing, and revolutionary course; not only ranged
themselves under the banner of avowed secession-
ists, and, at the least, given the approval of si-
lence to the boldest declarations of treasonable
purposes, thereby shocking at once the moral
sense and the patriotic instincts of the people;
but they have shown, in the actual votes cast for
Speaker, that there is wanting to them the com-
pactness of men devoted to great ideas, and united
for their establishment; that there is no bond of
principle between them. The demoralization of
the Administration party in this House, as proved
in this contest, is everywhere accepted as a type
of its demoralization throughout the country;
which, in return, is the reward of its abandon-
ment of principle.
^ Let us see the variety of their candidates for
Speaker, with a view to" aid in fixing the present
position of parties.
tiie candidate of the administratjonists.
Their caucus candidate for Speaker was the
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Bocock,] who has
been identified with the legislation of the last
twelve years, and who, in 1850, after the passage
of the compromise measures, in company with
thirty-seven other members of the Democratic
party, (Governor McDowell, of Virginia, not in-
cluded,) issued an address to the people of the
South, irom which the following is an extract:
" We, whose names are hero to annexed, address you m
dischaigt* of what we believe to be a soloum duty, on the
mo.-t mmortant subject ever presented for your considera-
tion. V\ e allude to the conflict between the two groat sec-
tions ot the Union, glowing out of a difference of feeling
and opinion in reteicnce to thf relation* oxistins between
the two races, the European'and the African, winch inhabit
the southern section, and the acts ot aggression and en-
croachmont to which Jt has led. The conflict commenced
not lemg after the acknowledgment of our independence
and i$s gradually increased until it has amyed the great !
body of the North agairi t the Soul!) on this most vital sub- '
jeet. fn the progress of this conflict, aggression has fol- j
lowed aggression, and encroachment encroachment, until ;
they have reaciied a point when a regard lor peace and !
safety will not permit u-  to lemain longer talent."—See !
Benton's Thirty Scars'' View, volume 2. page 734. j
This manifesto was signed by the present Sen- '
ators from Virginia, Senators Fitzpatrick, of
Alabama, Yulee, of Florida, Johnson, of Arkan-
sas, and others, not now in public life. Mr. Sew-
ard has been most severely criticised, and most
vehemently denounced for having said in his
Rochester speech, in 1857, that there was in this ,
country an "irrepressible conflict between op- i
either entirely a siaveholding nation, or entirely
a free-labor nation. The conflict he speaks of is
one of ideas. That of which the Democratic man-
ifesto speaks is, " the conflict between the two
great sections of the Union," which is the inter-
pretation placed by the Democrats on Mr. Sew-
ard's remark, and at which they have expressed
the utmost horror. Thus, the doctrine of the'4 irre-
pressible conflict between the two great sections
of the Union," held up as a fearful phantom by
the Democracy, has a Democratic paternity; is
at least ten years old; and, so long since, received
the indorsement of the Democratic caucus candi-
date for Speaker, who m turn, has been supported
and indorsed by every member of the Democratic
party on this floor.
Mr. "ROCOCK. If the gentleman will permit
me, I will interrupt him for a moment. I was
surprised when another gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, on a former occasion, put the same con-
struction upon that address. I am more surprised
when the gentleman now upon the floor reiter-
ates'that construction. I say this—and I want
it to go into the gentleman's remaiks in order that
nobody may be misled—that the simple and plain
meaning of that southern address was, that there
was a conflict between the two sections of the
Union, in reference to the subject of slavery, grow-
ing out of the aggressions of the North upon the
South; and that that conflict ought to cease, and
those aggressions ought to cease. Mr. Seward's
doctrine is, on the contrary, that there is a con-
flict which ought to go on, and must go on. Our
doctrine was, that the conflict was brought about
by improper legislation, which ought to cease.
Mr. Seward's doctrine is, that there is a conflict,
springing from the nature of the case, which,
therefore, is irrepressible, which must continue
until free labor or slave labor, one or the other,
shall become universal in the land. Now, gen-
tlemen can make the most of it.
Mr. McPHERSON. I have quoted the exact
language of the address, which speaks for itself.
Mr. BOCOCK. Perhang a single extract de-
tached, torn away from the context, garbled, (I
use the word in po offensive sense,) may convey
to the country ail improper idea of the "meaning
of the address. I have stated its real meaning,
and any man who will read it will see that it is the
correct reading. All I want, if anybody doubts
my accuracy, is that the address shall be read
through. If that be done, on the responsibility
of my position in this House, I say that it will be
found that my explanation is Correct.
Mr. McPHERSON. I would incorporate all
of the address into my speech, if I liad the space.
I have selected one paragraph, an introductory
one, as descriptive of the whole. 1 read it when
it was issued, and I know the impression it made
i upon the country, and I know the impression it
! mode upon many of our distinguished statesmen,
I among whom was Mr. Benton, who has charac-
: terized it as an " inflammatory composition, "and
' intended to prepare the way for the southern enn-
i vention to dissolve the Union, which was called
j soon after by the Legislatures of South Carolina
and Mississippi. It was not then generally cqn-
sidered the harmless document described by the
. gentleman from Virginia, and the more conserva-
; tive branch of the southern Democracy declined
i to give it the sanction of their names. It was
j known to be a Calhoun movement, and was ac-
cepted as indicative of, and promotive of, the
purposes long entertained by that distinguished
southern statesman. Its language is clear as to
the existence of the " conflict" referred to, which
is the point immediately in controversy, and I
cannot see that I have unfairly construed it. But,
being a man of fairness, I cheerfully consent to
publish the gentleman's remarks in connection
with the extract and my construction of it:
As to Mr. Seward's remark, it is capable of such
a construction as wholly removes the revolution-
ary and destructive character imputed to it by the
Democratic side of the House. The gentleman
from Virginia has not stated it as made by Mr.
Seward. I believe that, fairly interpreted and
taken with the context, it is, to sav the least, as
little offensive as the remarks quoted from the Cal- •
houn manifesto, as explained by the gentleman.
I have no doubt that the sentiments of the Roches-
ter specch of the distinguished Senator from New
J . _J ■JLIWW11 up-
posing and enduring forces," by means of which ij Yor£ [Mr. Seward] have been sWkm.dr s..r-
united states will, sooner or later, become |i lured and perverted,and that a signification has
