460
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 11,
36th Com... 1st Bess.
Property in Territories—Mr. Davis.
Senate.
it, but the variation of its terms invited contend-
ing- parties to meet on the plains of Kansas, and
had well mgh eventuated in civil war. The great
respect which even the most lawless of those ad-
vcnLurers in Kansas had for the name and the
laws of the United States, served, by the timely
interposition of the Federal force and laws, to
restrain the excited masses and prevented violence
from assuming larger proportions than combats
between squads of adventurers.
This brings me, in the line of rejoinder, to the
meaning of the phrase, " the people of a Terri-
tory, like tiiose of a State, should decide for them-
selves,'' &c., the language quoted against the
President iti the remarks of the Senator. This,
it was announced, was squatter sovereignty in its
broadest sense; and it was added, that the pres-
ent Executive was elected to the high office he
holds on that construction of the platform. Now,
I do not know how it is that the Senator has the
power to decide why the people voted for a can-
didate. I rather suppose, among the many mil-
lions who did vote, there must have been a variety
of reasons, and that it is not in the power of any
one man to declare what determined the result.
But waiving that, is it squatter sovereignty in its
broadest sense: Is it a declaration that the in-
habitants of a Territory can exercise all the powers
of a State? It says that, " like the people of a
State," they may decide for themselves. Then
how do the people of a State decide the ques-
tion of what shall be property within the Stater
Every one knows that it is by calling a conven-
tion, and that the people,represented ill convention,
and forming a constitution as their fundamental
law, do tins. Every one knows that, under the
constitutions and bills of right which prevail in
the Republican States of this Union, no Legisla-
ture is invested with that power. If this be the
mode which is prescribed in the States—the mode
which the States must pursue—I ask you, in the
name of common sense, can the language of the
President be construed to mean that a Territorial
Legislature may do what it is admitted the Le-
gislature of a State cannot; or that the inhabitants
of a Territory can assemble a convention, and
form a fundamental law overriding the organic
act, to which the Senator has already acknowl-
edged they stand subject until they be admitted
as a State ?
We, of the South, I know, arc arraigned, and
many believe justly, for starting a now question
which distracts the Democratic party. X have
endeavored, therefore, to show that it is not new,
1 have also asserted, what I think is clear, that
if it were new, but yet a constitution.il right, it is
not only our province, but our duty to asseit it—
to assert it whenever or wherever that right is
controverted. It is asserted now with more force
than at a former period, for the simple reason that
it is now denied, to an extent which has never
been known before. We do not seek, in the cant
language of the day, to force slavery on an un-
willing people. We know full well there is no
power to do it; anu our limited observation has
not yet made us acquainted with the man who
was likely to have a slave forced upon him, or
who could get one without paying a very high
price for him. He must first have the will, and,
secondly, Jie must put money in his purse to en-
abl" him to get one. They are too valuable among
those by whom they are now owned to be forced
upon anybody. Not admitting the correctness of
the doctrine which the Senator promulgated in
his magazine article, in relation to a local char-
acter of slave property, I recognize the laws of
nature, and that emigration Will follow in the
lines where any species of labor may be most
profitably employed; all, therefore, we have asked,
in fulfillment of the original compact of our fathers,
was that there should be no discrimination; that
all property should be equally protected; that we
should be permitted to go into every portion of
the United States, save where some sovereign
power has said slaves shall not be held, and to
take with us our slave property in like manner as
we would take any other; no more than that.
For that, our Government has contended on the
high seas against foreign Powers. That has en-
tered into our negotiations, and has been recog-
nized by every Government against whom a claim
has been asserted. Where our property was
captured on the land during the period of an in-
vasion, Great Britain, by treaty, restored it, or
paid for it. Wherever it has suffered loss on the
high seas, down to a very recent period, we have
received indemnity; and where we have not, it
was only because the power and duty of the Fed-
eral Government were sacrificed to this miserable
strife in relation to property; with the existence
of which, those making the interference had no
municipal connection or moral responsibility.
I do not admit that sovereignty necessarily
exists in the Federal Government or in a territo-
rial government. I deny the Senator's proposi-
tion, which is broadly laid down, of the necessity
which must exist for it in the o^e place or the
other. I hold that sovereignty exists only in a
State, or ia the United States in their associated
capacity, to whom sovereignty may be transferred,
but that their agent is incapable of receiving it,
and, still more, of transferring it to territorial in-
habitants.
I was sorry for some of the remarks which he
thought it necessary to make, as to the position
of the South on this question, and for his asser-
tion that the resolutions of the convention of 1848
put the pro-slavery men and the Abolitionists on
the same ground. I thmkitwasaltogetherunjust.
I did not think it quite belonged to him to mate it.
I was aware that his opponent, in that canvass to
which I referred, had made a prophecy that he
was, sooner or later, to land in the ranks of the
Republicans. Even if I had believed it, I would
not have chosen—and it is due to candor to say
I do not believe  * * * * *
Mr. DAVIS. Well, itis unimportant. I feel
myself constrained, because I promised to do it,
to refer to some portion of the joint record of the
Senator and myself inl850, or, as I have consumed
so much time, I would avoid it. In that same
magazine article to which I have referred, the Sen-
ator took occasion to refer to some part which I
had taken in the legislation of 1850; and I must
say ho presented me unfairly. He put me in the
attitude of one who was seeking to discriminate,
and left himself in the position of one who was
willing to give equal protection to all kinds of
property. In that magazine article, the Senator
represents Mr. Davis, of Mississippi, as having
endeavored to discriminate m favor of slave prop-
erty, anil Mr. Chase, of Ohio, as having made a
like attempt against it; and he leaves himself, by
his argument, in the attitude of one who con-
curred with Mr. Clay in opposition to both prop-
ositions.
I offered an amendment to the compromise bill
of 1850, which was to strike out the words " in
respect to," and insert "and introduce or ex-
clude," and, after the word " slavery," to insert
the following:
"TVoriVrtf, That nothing herein contained shah* be con-
fined to pievent i-aul Temtoual Legislature passing Mich
law*--.u may be uf ce- ary foi the protection of the rights of
propeityof any kind which may have been or maybe bere-
aftep fOntbiniably to the Constitution and laws of the
United States, held 111, or introduced into, said Territory.5'
Mr. Chase's amendment is in these words:
"Provided further, That nothing liercm contained Mia!!
be construed as authorizing or permitting the introduction
of sjavciy, or the holding oi'peis.0115 as property within said
Tenitoiv."
Whilst the quotation in the magazine article
left me m the position already stated, the debates
which had occurred between us necessarily in-
formed the Senator that it was not my position,
for I brought him in that debate to acknowl-
edge it.
On that occasion, I argued for my amendment
as an obligation of the Government to remove
obstructions; to give the fair operation to consti-
tutional right; and so larfrom the Senator having
stood with Mr. Clay against all these proposi-
tions, the fact appears, on page 1134 of the Globe,
that, upon the vote on Chase's amendment, Doug-
las voted font, and Davis and Clay voted against
it; that, upon the vote on Davis's amendment,
Clay and Davis voted for it, and Douglas voted
against it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The Senator should add that
that vote was given unclei the vciy instructions to
which ho referred the other day, and which are
well known to the Senate, and arc on the table.
Mr. DAVIS. I was aware that the Senator had
voted for Mr. Seward's amendment, the " Wil-
mot proviso," under these instructions, but I re-
ceive his explanation. Mr. Berrien offered an
amendment to change the provision which said
there should be no legislation in respect to sla-
very, so as to make it read, " there shall be no
legislation establishing or prohibiting African sla-
very." Mr. Clay voted for that; so did Mr.
Davis. Mr. Douglas voted against it. Mr. Hale
offered an amendment to Mr. Berrien's amend-
ment, to add the word " allowing." Hero Mr.
Douglas voted for Mr. Hale's amendment, and
against Davis and Clay. Then a proposition
was made to continue the Mexican laws against
slavery until repealed by Congress. I think I
proved, at least I did to my own satisfaction, that
there was no such Mexican law; that it was a
decree, and that the legislation which occurred
under it had never been executed. But that prop-
osition by Mr. Baldwin, which was to continue
the Mexican laws in force, was brought to a vote,
and again Mr. Douglas voted for it, and Mr.
Davis and Mr. Clay voted against it. When an-
other proposition was brought forward to amend
by "removing the obstructions of Mexican laws
and usages to any right of person or property by
the citizens of the United States in the Territo-
ries aforesaid," I do not find the Senator's name
among those who voted, though by reference to
the Appendix, I learned he was present imme-
diately afterwards, by his speaking to another
amendment.
Thus we find the Senator differing from me on
this question, as was stated; but we do not find
him concurring with Mr. Clay, as was stated;
and we do not find the proposition which I intro-
duced, and which was mentioned in the magazine
article, receiving the joint opposition of himself
and Mr. Clay; and yet his remarks in the Senate
the other day went upon the same theory, that
Mr. Clay and himself had been cooperating.
Now, the fact of the case is, that they agreed m
supporting the final passage of the bill, and I was
against it. I was one of the few southern men
who resisted, in all its stages, what was callcd the
compromise or omnibus bill. I have consumed
the time of the Senate by this reference, made as
brief as I could, on account of the remarks the
Senator had made.
Coupled with this arraignment of myself, at a
time when he says he had leisure to discuss the
question with the Attorney General, but when
there was nothing in my position certainly to
provoke the revision of my course in Congress,
is his like review of it in the Senate. As I under-
stood his remarks, for I did not find them in the
Congressional Globe next morning, he vaunted
his own consistency and admitted mine, but
claimed his to be inside and mine outside of the
Democratic organization. Is it so? Will out-
votes on test questions sustain it? The list of
yeas and nays would, on the points referred to,
exhibit quite the reverse. And it strikes me, that
on the recent demonstrations we have had, when
the Democratic Administration was, as it were,
put on its trial in relation to its policy in Kansas,
the Senator's associations, rather than mine, were
outside of the Democratic organization. How
is it on the pending question, the declaration of
great principles of political creed; the Senator's
position is outside of the Senate's Democracy,
and mine in it; so that I do not see with what
justice lie attempts that discrimination between
him and me. That the difference exists, that it
involves a division greater or less in Democratic
ranks, is a personal regret, and I think a public
misfortune. It gives me, therefore, no pleasure
to dwell upon it, and is now dismissed.
Mr. President, after having for forty years been
engaged in bitter controversy over a question re-
lating to common property of the States, we have
reached the point where the issue is presented in
a form in which it becomes us to meet it accord-
ing to existing facts; where it has ceased to be a
question to be dccided on the footing of authority
and by reference to history. We have decided
that too long had this question been disturbing
the peace and endangering the Union, and it was
resolved to provide for its settlement by treating
it as a judicial question. Now, will it be said,
after Congress provided for the adjustment of this
question by the courts, and after the courts had
a case brought before them, and expressed an
