I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL 'GLOBE.
m
30th Cong....1st Sess.
Lincoln and Ms Record—Mr. Morris.
Ho. op EiisPS.
opinion covering; the controversy, that 110 addi-
tional latitude is to be given to the application of
the decision of the court, though Congress had
refeired it specially to them; that it 13 to bo treated
simply and technically as a question of meiim et
tut(m,sucli as might have arisen if there had been
no such legislation by Congress? Surely it does
not become those who have pointed 11s to that pro-
vision as the peace offering, as the means for final
adjustment, now to say that it meant .nothing
more than that the courts would go on hereafter,
as heretofore, to try questions of property.
The courts have decided the question so far as
tliey could decide any political question. A case
arose in relation to property in a slave held within
a Territory where a law of Congress declared
that such property should not be held. The whole
case wasbefoieihem; everything,exceptthemere
technical point that the law was not enacted by a
Territorial Legislature. Why, then, if we are
to abide by the decision of the Supreme Court in
any future case, do they maintain this controversy
on the mere technical point which now divides,
disturbs, distracts, destroys the efficiency and the
Fowcr of the Democratic party ? To the Senator,
know, as a question of property, it is a matter
of no consequence. I should do him injustice if
I left any one to infer that I treated his argument
as one made byaman prejudiced against the char-
acter of property involved ill the question. That
is not his position; but 1 assort that he is pursu-
ing an ignis fatuus—not a light caught from the
Constitution, but a vapor which has arisen from
the corrupting cesspools of sectional strife, of fac-
tion and individual rivalry. Measured by any
standard of common sense, its magnitude would
be too small to disturb the adjustment of the bal-
ance of our country. There can be no appeal to
humanity made upon this basis. Least of all
could it be made to one who, like the Senator and
myself, has seen this species of property in its
sparse condition 011 the northwestern frontier, and
seen it go out without disturbing the tranquillity
of the community, as it had previously existed
without injury to any one, if not to the benefit of
the individual who held it. He has no appre-
hension, he can have none, that it is to retard the
political prosperity of the future States—now the
Territories. He can have no apprehension that
in that country, to. which they never would be
carried except for domestic purposes, they could
ever so accumulate as to constitute a great polit-
ical element. He knows, and every man who
has had experience and judgment must admit,
that the few who may be so carried there have
nothing to fear but the climate, and that, living in
that close connection which belongs to one or
half a dozen of them in a family, the kindest re-
lations which can possibly exist between mas-
ter and dependent exist between these domestics
and their owners.
There is a relation belonging to this species of
property, unlike that of the apprentice or the
hired man, which awakens whatever there is of
kindness or of nobility of soul in the heart of him
■who owns it; this can only be alienated, obscured,
or destroyed, by collecting this species of prop-
erty into such masses that the owner is not per-
sonally acquainted with the individuals who com-
pose it. In the relation, however, which can exist
in the northwestern Territories, the mere domes-
tic connection of one, two, or, at most, half a
dozen servants in a family, associating with the
children as they grow up, attending upon age as
it declines, there can be nothing against which
either philanthropy or humanity can make an ap-
peal. Not even the emancipationist could raise
liis voice, for this is the high road and the open gate
to the condition in which the masters would, from
interest, in a few years, desire the emancipation
of every one who may thus be taken to the north-
western frontier.
Mr. President, I briefly and reluctantly referred,
because the subject had been introduced, to the
attitude of Mississippi on a former occasion. I
will now as briefly say that in 1851, and in 1860,
Mississippi was, and is, ready to make every con-
cession which it becomes her to make to the wel-
fare and the safety of the Union. If, on a former
occasion, she hoped too much from fraternity,
the responsibility for her disappointment rests
upon those who fail to fulfill her expectations.
She still clings to the Government as our fathers
formed it. She is ready to-day and to-morrow,
as in her past and though brief, yet brilliant his-
tory, to maintain that Government in all its power,
and to vindicate its honor with all the means she
possesses. I say brilliant history; for it was"in
the very morning of her existence- that her sons
on the plains of New Orleans were announced in
general orders to have been the admiration of one
army and the wonder of the other. That we had
a division in relation to the measures enacted in
1850, is true; that the southern rights men be-
came the minority in the election which resulted,
is true; but no figure of speech could warrant the
Senator m speaking of them as subdued; as com-
ing to him or anybody else for quarter. I deemed
it offensive when it was uttered, and the scorn
with which 1 repelled it at the instant time has
only softened to contempt. Our flag was never
borne from the field. We had earned it in the
face of defeat, with a knowledge that defeat
awaited it; but scarcely had the smoke of the
battle passed away which proclaimed another
victor, before the general voice admitted that the
field again was ours; I have not seen a sagacious
reflecting man, who was cognizant of the events
as they transpired at the time, who does not say
that, within two weeks after the election, our
party was in a majority; and the next election
which occurred showed that we possessed the
State beyond controversy. How wo have wielded
that power it is not for me to say. I trust others
may see forbearance in our conduct—that with a
determination to insist upon our constitutional
rights, then and now, there is an unwavering de-
sire to maintain the Government, and to uphold
the Democratic party.
"VVe believe now, as we have asserted on former
occasions, that the best hope for the perpetuity of
our institutions depends upon the cooperation, the
harmony, the zealous action of the Democratic
party. We cling to that party from conviction
that its principles and its aims are those of truth
and the country, as we cling to the Union for the
fulfillment of the purposes for which it was formed.
Whenever we shall be taught that the Democratic
party is recreant to its principles; whenever we
shall learn that it cannot be relied upon to main-
tain the great measures which constitute- its vital-
ity, I, for one, shall be ready to leave it. And so,
when %ve declare our tenacious adherence to the
Union, it is the Union of the Constitution. If the
compact between the States is to be trampled into
the dust; if anarchy is to be substituted for the
usurpation and consolidation which threatened
the Governmental an earlier period; if the Union
is to become powerless for the purposes for which
it was established, and we are vainly to appeal
to it for protection, then, sir, conscious of the rec-
titude of our course, the justice of our cause, self-
reliant, yet humbly, confidingly trusting in the
arm that guided and protected our fathers, we
look beyond the confines of the Union for the
maintenance of our rights. A habitual reverence
and cherished affection for the Government will
bind us to it longer than our interests would sug-
gest or require; but he is a poor student of the
world's history who does not understand that
communities at last must yield to the dictates of
their interests. That the affection, the mutual
desire for the mutual good, which existed among
our fathers, may be weakened in succeeding gen-
erations by the denial of right and by hostile
demonstration, until the equality guarantied but
not secured within the Union may be sought for
without it, must be evident to even a careless ob-
server of our race. It is time to be up and doing.
There is yet time to remove the causes of dissen-
sion and alienation which are now distracting,
and have for years past divided, the country.
If the Senator correctly described me as having,
at a former period, against my own preferences
and opinions, acquiesced in the decision of my
party; if when I had youth, when physical vigor
gave promise of many days, and the future was
painted in the colors of hope, I could thus sur-
render my awn convictions, my own prejudices,
and cooperate with my political friends, accord-
ing to their views, as to the best method of pro-
moting the public good; now, when the years of
my future cannot be many, and experience has
sobered the hopeful tints of youth's gilding; when,
approaching the evening of life, the shadows are
reversed, and the mind turns retrospectively, it is
not to be supposed that I would abandon liglitly,
or idly put on trial, the party to vHiich I have
steadily adhered. It.is rather to be assumed that
conservatism, which belongs to the timidity or
caution of increasing years, wbuld lead me to cling
to, to besupported by, rather than to cast off, the
organization with which I have been $0 long con-
nected. If I am driveh to consider the necessity
of separating myself from those old and dear re-
lations, of discarding the accustomed support,
under circumstances such as I ha-fe described,
might not my friends who differ from me pause
and inquire whether there is not something in-
volved in it Which calls for their careful revision?
I desire no divided flag for the Democratic
party, seek not to depreciate the power of theSen-
ator, or to take from him anything; of that confi-
dence he feels in the large army which follows his
standard. I prefer that'his banner should lie in
its silken folds to feed the moth; but if it unre-
strainedly rustles impatient to be \mfurled, we,
who have not invited the conflict, shrink notfrom
the trial; we will plant our flag on every hill and
plain; it shall overlook the Atlantic and welcome
the sun as he rises from its dancing waters; it
shall wave its adieu as he sinks to repose in. the
quiet Pacific.
Our principles are national; they belong to
every State of the Union; and though elections
may be lost by their assertion, they constitute the
only foundation on which we can maintain power,
on which we can again rise to the dignity the De-
mocracy once possessed. Does not the Senator
from Illinois see, in the sectional character of the
vote he received, that his opinions are not accept-
able to every portion of the country? Is not the
fact that the resolutions adopted by seventeen
States, on which the greatest reliance must be
placed for Democratic support, arr>. in opposition
to the dogma to which he still clings, a warning
that if he persists, and succeeds in forcing his the-
oryupon the Democratic party,its daysarenum-
bered? We ask only for the Constitution. "We
ask the Democracy only from time to time to de-
clare, as current exigencies may#tiidicate, what
the Constitution was intended to secure and pro-
vide. Our flag bears 110 new device. Upon its
folds our principles are written in living light;
all proclaiming the constitutional Union, jus-
tice, equality, and fraternity of our ocean-hound
domain for a limitless future.
LINCOLN AND HIS RECORD.
SPEECH OF HON. ISAAC N. MOKRIS,
Otf ILLINOIS,
In the House of Representatives, V
June 19, 18g0.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union—
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois, rose and said:
congrkssional dictation.
Mr. Chairman: On the evening- of the 14th of
the present month a large, enthusiastic, and jpa~
triotic meeting of the Democracy of the city of
Baltimore passed, among others, the following
resolution:
"3. That members of Congress woulrl far better dis-
charge their les^lative duties and h&vo millions of the pub-
lic treasure, now annually wasted, if they .should be held
strictly accountable to public Opinion whenever they de-
p.vt from their legislative sphere to embark in the discus-
sion of party platform's or the availability of party candi-
dates for the Presidency."
To the doctrine of that resolution I yield, sir,
my cordial approval. We were elected to Con-
gress as Representatives and Senators, to attend
to the legitimate business of legislation; and it
is to be deeply deplored that any portion of our
members should so far lose sight of their duty
as to engage in constructing party platforms ana
making party nominations, or defending party-
candidates. Wc were senthereforno such objects;
and I have heretofore entered,andnow again enter,
my solemn protest against such a policy. Con-
gtussional interference and dictation in such mat-
ters deserve, and will yet receive, the severest
rebuke from the people. The fetid political atmos-
phere of this Capitol is not the place to designate
