462
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
' [June 19,
36th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Lincoln and his Record—Mr. Morris.
presidential candidates;, and when it shall be done
successfully, there will be an end to public lib-
erty. I therefore, Mr. Chairman, deeply regret
that my colleague [Mr. Washbcrne] should have
chosen this Hall in which to display his ability
as the defender and apologist of the Republican
nominee for President; that he should have turned
it into a political hustings, and dropped the glove
to be picked up. Since, however, he has done
so, and presented the subject in a manner not
warranted by the facts or the record—for-he has
chosen to suppress both where it suited him—I
feel it would be a dereliction of duty in me to al-
low his remarks to pass unnoticed. He can hardly
expect to thrust in my face, and in the face of my
Democratic associates on this floor, such a speecn
as he has been pleased to publish—for not a word
of it was ever delivered in this House—and es-
cape with impunity. He cannot expoct to fire
the temple, and flee by the burning; light from a
justretribution. He commenced, sir, by telling us:
I nave known Mr. Lincoln tor twenty years. 1 have
known him in private life ; I have known him at the bar ;
and have been associated with him in every political eon-
test in our State since the advent of<Tippecanoe and Tyler
too,' in 1840."
Of course, then, according to the confession of
my colleague, he and Mr. Lincoln have been ad-
vocating the same political doctrines " lo! these
many years;" have slept in the same political
bed; reflected each other's views; and fought side
by side in the same cause, neither one departing
from the faith of the other. They may be re-
garded as a brace of Siamese twins. It seems,
so closely are they bound together, that, of all the
Republicans in the State, my colleague comes for-
ward as the special indorser of Mr. Lincoln; and,
of course, with his knowledge and approbation.
I am rejoiced at this; and, before I conclude, will
refer more paiticularly to the fact, and state the
legitimate deductions to be drawn from it. I wish
just hero to remark that I, too, have known Mr.
Lincoln for" twenty years;" but we have not
been engaged on the same side in politics. I have
not battled m the same ranks with him, as has my
colleague. For " twenty years,"he tells us, they
have stood on the same ground. In 1840, that
memorable year characterized by hard cider and
log cabins, like two loving brothers, they started
out together, and were engaged in passing over
the State of Illinois, arm m arm, pouring out the
delightful lines—
" YVe go for Tip and Tyler, therefore,
Without a why or wherefore.>'
And as they were so successful then in singing
their leader into power, my colleague and his
party think the same game will win again. In-
stead of setting forth the merits of their candidate,
they are chanting doggerel rhymes. Yesterday
I received a number of the Illinois State Journal,
a paper published at Springfield, the residence
of Mr. Lincoln, and found in it a charming speci-
men ofsong,sung by the "Springfield Glee Club,"'
at " an enthusiastic meeting," addressed by Mr.
Yates, the Republican candidate for Governor,
which was, for aught I know, written by Mr.
Lincoln himself. Hen; it is, or rather a pait of
it, as it is not necessary to give the whole. We
are told " it fairly brought down the house." No
wonder!
There's! an old plow "ho^-," whose name is " Dug,"
Du da, du day.
He's short and thick, a regular "plug,"
Du da, du da, day.
Chorus— We're bound to work all night,
We're bound to work ail day,
I'll bet my money on the Lincoln "boss,**
Who bets on Stephen A.?
The little "plug" has had his* day,
Du da, du day,
He's out ot tiie ring by all fair play,
Du da, du da, day.
IJi^ legs are weak, his wind unbound,
Du da, du da\.
Ihs '• -.\vneii tail" h too near the ground,
Du da, du da, day.
"Old AbiuhamV a well-bred nag,
Du da, du day,
His wind la bound, he'll never lag,
Du da, du da, day.
The Lincoln "boss" will never fail,
Du da, du dav.
He will not shy at ditch or« rail,"
Du da, du da, day.
By the way of giving them " a lift," I respect-
fully dedicate to my colleague, and hope he will
have it sung at all the gatherings of his party, the
following piece of machine poetry, which I think
is about as good, if not a little better, than the
verses they are in the habit of using:
We go for Line and Ham,
Meielv because we can.
Ilunah! huuah1 hurrah!
<;01d Abe," good soul, " spht rail*,"
And made the best " cock-tails."
Hurrah! hunah! hurrah!
He worked his way on l< Broad Horn,""*
Loaded down with Wabash corn.
Huirah! hurrah! hurrah!
He went to Black Hawk war,
And shot at off very far!
Huirah! huriah! hurrah!
And now it is our best intent
To make lnm the next President.
Hurrah! hunah! huirah!
For sure a man is tarely found
In whom these merits all abound.
Ilunah! hurrah! hunah!
They fit him for the chair of State;
They make him good, and wtie, and great.
Hurrah! huuah ! hurrah!
He is the chap to gain the race,
An awkwaid boy with flat-boat grace
Huirah! hunah! hurrah!
We tell jou what is strictly true,
Abraham can "maul" 'em through.
Hurrah! hurrah! hunah!
He fought with " Dug"' and got some fame
Reflected on his unhnoivn name.
Hurrah! hurrah! huuah!
And now it would be strange, indeed,
If Jit; wasn't a fair velocipede.'
Huriah ! huuah! hunah!
Come, hoys, come; hurrah away !
Care not a fig fot what they say.
Huriah! hurrah! hurrah!
This is the way for "Abe" to win,
By shouting loud and heating tin.
Ilunah! hunah ! huriah!
The people aie poor, silly loois,
And we can u-c thorn as our tools.
Ilimah! huirah! hmrah!
Then sound the notes, beat the dium,
Give way ! gi\e way ! heie they eiimc !
Wh>, what's the mattei? All is mum;
The masses pause, and aie might) grum !
The following verse is to be sung after the
election:
Alas! alas! is this our fate ?
We've tned before to nmke men great,
When they no greatness had ;
And now again must oui refrain
Be sung in disappointment's strain,
And our poor hearts made sad.
uxcle ace, old abe, etc.
Mr. Chairman, the Republican party, not con-
tented with their effort to sing their candidate
into notice, apply to him—and my colleague is \
very fond of using them—various euphonious
terms. They call him " UnelcAbe," "Old Abe,"
| " Honest old Abe,"" The old rail-splitter," " The 1
flat-boatman," &c., &c. I never did know, sir,
an individual, with these or similar 5ubriqucls at-
tached to his name, that was good for anything
but to get up a sensation over, and haidlygood
for that. The terms simply signify that he is a
good naturcd, easy, good-for-nothing sort of a
man; "a hale fellow, well met," with everybody,
and will take a drink with any one that asks him,
and docs not amount to much any how. Jackson
did get the title of "Old Hickory," from the fact
that he carried a "rail" made of that wood 011
his shoulder along the road during one of his
military campaigns, to pry provision wagons
out of the mud, when one uf his inferior officers
pleaded his rank as an excuse for not doing it. But
how ridiculous it would have sounded to have
called him "Old Andrew," or " Uncle Andrew. "
Why, sir, it would have taken from him the
charm of his character, and stripped him of his
heroic fame. It would have divested him of the
• Fiat boat.
Ho. 03? Beps.
confidencc and respect of his countrymen, and
turned him over to contempt and ridicule. If
George Washington, Daniel Webster, Henry
Clay, or John C. Calhoun, had had "Uncle"
or "Old" prefixed to his name, how it would
have grated on the ear of the nation; how it would
have lessened him m the estimation of mankind.
"Uncle Abe," or "Old Abe," however, is ex-
actly right for Mr. Lincoln. It applies to a class
of men of which he is a fair type, with great ap-
propriateness. How out of place the terms would
sound prefixed to the name of Stephen A. Doug-
las. Who has ever thought of underrating him
so much as to say, "Uncle Douglass," or "Old
Douglas?" He rises far above and beyond all
such miserable catch phrases, which are only
suited to persons of moderate capacity, and are
held in contempt by all right thinking men. No
one who is truly great as a statesman ever had
them applied to him. But, as I have said, they
answer for Mr. Lincoln. They are his whole
stock in trade; and by ringing the changes on
them, his friends hope to succeed. Will they not
find they are presuming too far upon the intelli-
gence of the masses? A President, as a military
captain, should be endowed with great qualities;
and when this consideration shall be overlooked,
it will furnish evidence of our want of capacity
for self-government. When Cincinnatus was
summoned by his countrymen to the performance
of high public duties, he was found actively en-
gaged in agricultural pursuits. When "Uncle
Abe" had it communicated to him that he was
the nominee of the Chicago Republican Conven-
tion for President of the United States, he was
engaged in playing a game of bail with some boys!
Elect him, anu let the fact be announced that a
hostile enemy has landed upon our shores, or that
States have rebelled against the authority of the
General Government, and in ail probability he
would go on telling some anecdote, or finishing a
game of sport on the public ground south of the
White House, before inquiring into the facts;
while if Douglas was President, his slogan would
be calling the nation to arms! There ought to be
an adaptation of every man to the position lie is
called on to fill. Who would think of going to
a tailor to get a wagon made, or to a hatter to
build a house ? Upon the death of a monarch, no
one ever thought of putting the king's jester
upon the throne, nor will the American people
tolerate the idea of " Uncle Abe" going into the
executive chair. He is a good enough sort of
man m his place; but every one who knows him,
knows full well he is not qualified, either by tal-
ents, force of character, or experience, to guide
the ship of State. Every one who knows him
knows he has no administrative ability. Let us
see, however, what my colleague says of him.
What are the peculiarquahfications he claims for
him? Here are his words:
lincoln's personal history and claims.
lie was bom m Hatdin county, Kentucky, Febru.uy 12,
1808; his family removed to Spencer county? Indiana, in
1816, wheie lie passed his boyhood amid the loughest haid-
sl)ip< and the, most trjmg experiences ol a frontier life.
Without schools., and aimo&t without books*, he spent his
time amid the wild and romantic scenes of the bordei, alle-
viating the hard labors of the farm l>v the spent ot the hunts-
man. Of fine physical development, with a vigoious in-
tellect, quick intelligence, ready wit, and genial character,
lie gave early evidence ot the Mipcuority he has since at-
tained. ihs fiist advent into the great worid, troin the
comparative fceelu-ion of Ill's lion tier home, was down the
Wabash and Ohio rivers in charge of a fiat boat, or a clas*
known to all the old river men ot tlx* West as 'brood-
horns.' Tnese boats, iadeu with the productions of the
faimet:-, floated down stte-uii until a ma.ket was found lor
the eaigo; and when that wa-> disputed oi. the boat itself
was M>id, and tiio-^e in charge marie then way back, in the
be-t nitiimci they could, to thi-ji home--. A great many
peisons have lu-aid Mi Lincoln relate, wills inimitable
efieet, the aneulot* s ot his r.vpenenee ot that portion of
hi-s iiie.
"In 1830. Mi. Line oln emigrated to that State with which
his gr<*at name has now become histoucally connected.
He pn^ed the finet year in Macon county, and actively
laboied on a tann, wiiere he, and a tellow-laboiei, by the
name ot John Hanks, split three thjii'.und raih. This por-
tion of the history ofMi. Lincoln's life gave use to the in-
cident in the late Republican State convention at Decatur,
m Macon county, which awakened the mtem-est 'mtiuM-
a^m 0fth.1t va*t concouiae of citizens from all parts of the
State. Mr. Lincoln wa< present a-> a spectator in that con-
vention. and was invited to take a seat upon the platform.
When he had taken a >eat, it was announced to the con
vention that John llank>. an oiri Democrat, who had grown
gray in the seivice of that pauj, desired to make a contri
button to the convention; and the offer being accepted.
