884
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
Mr. REAGAN obtained the floor.
Mr. SPAULDING. X ask the gentleman from
Texas to yield to me.
Mr. REAGAN. I desire'to address the com-
mittee, but do not care to do so this evening;and
if the gentleman from New York wishes to ad-
dress the committee now, I have no objection,
provided I do not lose my right to the floor.
Mr. SPAULDING. 1 desire to submit a few
remarks upon the President's message vetoing the
'bill for the improvement of the channel over the
St. Clair flats. *
Mr. REAGAN. I will yield to the gentleman
on the condition I mentioned.
No objection was made.
ST. CLAIK FLATS.
Mr. SPAULDING. Mr. Chairman, eight pre-
cious weeks were wasted in unnecessarily agitat-
ing the slavery question prior to the organization
of this House. This question was thrust upon
us out of. order on the first day of the session by
the Democratic party, and was discussed day after
day, without any practical result. Demociatic
orators on the other side repeated threats of seces-
sion, disunion, and treason, until such threats be-
came stale and unmeaning. I never witnessed
eight weeks of equal folly. The country became
disgusted with all this Buncombe and disorder.
Even their denunciation, misrepresentation, and
abuse of the Republican party, reacted upon its
authors, and the sound and discreet judgment of
the country, in all sections of the Union, has
finally pronounced against them. Never did the
Democratic party spend eight weeks more unprof-
itably to themselves or to "the country.
I remained silent during all this disorder, de-
nunciation, and treasonable proceeding, waiting
till the organization of the House, for some prac-
tical question to arise upon which I might,.111 an
orderly manner, express my opinions. I have
no intention or desire to interfere with the vested
rights of any person, in any of the States of the
Union, or to unnecessarily agitate the slavery
question; and however important I may regard
the issue presented by the disunion Democratic
party, in its declared purpose to extend and per-
petuate slavery, I prefer postponing any remarks
I may have to make on that issue, until it comes
up 011 the bill for the admission of Kansas, or
until some other measure of practical legislation,
involving the question, shall be presented.
The President's veto of the bill for the improve-
ment of the St. Clair flats, affecting, as it does,
not only my constituents, but the great com-
mercial interests of the country, I do not feel at
liberty to let pass, without entering my protest
against the doctrines advanced 111 this extraordi-
nary document. The President's message is now
on our tables, and it raises a practical'question
on which I feel at liberty to speak.
I propose, therefore, to submit a few remarks
in answer to the President's veto of the bill for
the improvement of the St. Clair flats, recently
communicated to the Senate. This veto is a di-
rect blow aimed at the commerce extending from !
New ~Vork to Chicago, a distance, by water, of |
fifteen hundred miles; and thence by the Illinois !
canal and river, and the Mississippi, to St. Louis, j
New Orleans, and the Gulf of Mexico; and from 1
Chicago, in another direction, through the Wei- i
land canal, Lake Ontario, and the St. Lawrence j
to the Atlantic ocean; in all a distance of overlive j
thousand miles. As you pass from the city of j
New York up this great channel of commercial 1
intercourse to Albany, one hundred and fifty i
miles, you find oil the way a shoal called the !
Overslaugh,in the Hudson river,forthe improve- j
mentof which the Federal Government is respons- [
lble. From Albany to Buffalo, a distance of three !
hundred and sixty miles, is the Erie canal, a mag-
nificent artificial channel, constructed wholly }7y ;
the State of New York, now nearly completed, :
seventy feet wide by seven feet deep, and cost- ;
ing over forty million dollars. From Buffalo to ,
Chicago, a distance of over one thousand miles, ;
you pass through Lake Erie, the Detroit river, ,
Lake St. Clair and river, Lake Huron, and Lake
Michigan. In Lake St. Clair, you find the St. i,
Clair flats, a serious natural obstruction to the !
navigation of the shipping passing to and from j
the upper lakes, which is the subject of this
veto. i
At the last session of Congress, a bill was passed !
appropriating §55,000 to deepen the channel over
these flats in this great line of commercial inter-
course. By this bill a single item was appropri-
ated—a single object contemplated; and being dis-
| connected fiom all other harbor or river improve-
ments, was not open to the charge macfe by the
President of " log-rolling," for the reason that it
stood entirely upon its own merits., It is a great
national work, of vast importance not only to com-
merce, but to the facilitating of the transportation
of the mails, transporting supplies for the Army,
and the navigation of vessels belonging to the
United States. This bill, after having passed both
Houses of Congress by large majorities, wlis pre-
sented to the President on the last day of the last
session, for his approval. The President kept
this bill in his desk nearly eleven months; and
then, on the 1st of February, I860, returned it to
the Senate with his veto, and giving his reasons
for not approving its provisions.
The President objects to the bill on three grounds:
1. That it is inexpedient and unnecessary at
this time.
2. That it is unconstitutional, for the reason,
as he alleges, that there is no power granted to
Congress by the Constitution to make the appro-
priation.
3. That tonnage duties levied by the State of
Michigan upon vessels navigating these waters
would be the proper mode of raising funds to
make this improvement.
I propose to examine these several objections,
and endeavor to show that they are entirely un-
founded. It is stated in the official reports that
the St. Clair flats are situated in Lake St. Clair,
in front of the mouth of the St. Clair river, which
empties into this lake by several mouths, and
where is found a bar or shoal on which, in it
natural state, there is not more than six or seven
feet water. This shoal is interposed between the
mouth of the river and the deep water of the lake,
a distance of six thousand feet, and in its natural
position the channel was very circuitous, fre-
quently requiring tug-boats and lighte'rage to en-
able vessels to pass. The obvious remedy for
this was to deepen the jchanncl on the shortest
line, in accordance with the official survey and
report of the topographical engineers, by dredg-
ing a channel of sufficient depth, so as to enable
vessels to pass at low as well as high stages of the
water, and thereby remove the most serious ob-
struction in this great line of natural water com-
munication between Chicago and Buffalo.
These lakes are, in fact, inland seas; different
States border on them 011 one side, and a foreign
nation (Canada) on the other. A great and grow-
ing commerce is carried on upon them between
different States and foreign nations, which requires
harbors, light-houses, light-ships, beacons, buoys,
and public piers, to facilitate the navigation of the
steamboats and vessels engaged in such com-
merce, and to protect the lives and property of
our citizens.
The States of New York. Pennsylvania, Ohio,
Michigan, Indiana, Illinois, Wisconsin, and Min-
nesota, have their shores washed by these great
inland seas. Their commercial intercourse here-
tofore has been often interrupted and delayed, and
ruinous expenses incurred for towage and light-
erage, for the want of a safe and secure channel
over these flats.
Captain Graham, of the topographical engi-
neers, in a report to the Senate, states that— °
" The value of all the articles of commerce and naviga-
tion winch passed ovei these Hats dui 1112 the two hundred
and thirty days of open navigation, in the year 1855—say
between the middle of Apnl and the 1st of December—
amounted to the Immense sum of K2j9,"r21,4.M 51), or per
day during'the navigable season, .$■! ,129,22:1 Fieights
ovei these flats In American vessels m the vear 1855, weie
$13,781,840 ; and in toieigu vessels trading "with American
I'^re. s-.-Vit .-J.'ni. These results are deuved by allowing six
dollar* per resistor ton, as the price ol freights upon the
amount that passed over the flats, to and from the poits men-
tioned in tile districts ol Chicago, Milwaukee, Detroit,
Cleveland, Buffalo, Oswego, and Ogdensburgh, as shown
in the accompanying statements, marked fiom No, 55 to
No. 70, inclusive. These sums are, of eourse, the toss
amounts of the receipts accruing on treiglits. '
•' The net pioceeds would be the difference between those
sums arid the expenses of navigation, such as the hire of
ciews, insurance on the vessels, repairs, tuggage oil' 8t.
Clair flats when agiourid, loss from detention wTnle thus
aground, pilotage, haibor fees, &e. Anion* these enumer-
ated expenses, that which arises lrom the detention, darn-
age, ami towage by steam-tugs, caused by obstruction to
navigation at the flats, is the one regarded mo.-1 onerous by
the navigators, the merchants, and farmers of the ten States
beloie mentioned. They all have to bear a portion of the
additional charges which arise from this cause. The farmer
has, however, the most oppressive pait of the burden to
bear; because the navigator clears himself ilia great meas-
ure by his increased charges tor freight, and the merchant
by increasing his prices at retail, on account of the losses
by the detention and risk growing out of this obstruction to
navigation. But the farmer is compelled to be governed by
current prices for his gram ; and the diminution of price
allowed him by the shipper, on account of the contingen-
cies due to the want of free navigation over the flats, is a
direct tax oil the fruits of the fanner's industry. The in-
cicase on the rates of heights, owing to the obstruction as
it now exists, may be estimated at full fifteen per cent., or
annually the sum of $2,05-1,276. Full two thirds of this
amount falls on the farmers. They may, therefore, he said
to pay an annual tax on their produce and necessary arti-
cles of consumption, arising from this obstruction, of
$1,376,184, which is more than two and a half tunes the
estimated cost of the work upon the most extended plan
proposed."
The honorable Senator from Michigan, [Mr.
Chandler,] m his remarks on this veto, Febru-
ary 6, 1860, states that the present value of the
commerce passing over these flats, including the
hulls of vessels, exceeds six hundred million dol-
lars per annum. This statement of facts shows
the immense value of the existing commerce pass-
ing over these waters, and for the improvemen of
which President Buchanan refuses to sign a bill
which had passed both Houses of Congress, ap-
propriating only §55,000—a small pittance com-
pared with the magnitude of the object to be at-
tained by it.
The water of these lakes and rivers varies in
heightfrom year to year. It seldom remains at the
same height more than one or two years, and is
sometimes lower by some three or four feet than at
other periods. What isneedednow, to accommo-
date this vast commerce, is a channel fourteen feet
deep at the lowest stages of water. The water may
recede to its lowest point the coming season of
navigation, and the President is certainly mistaken
in supposing that there is a sufficient depth of water
if that contingency happens. The appropriation
of $55,000 is an immediate and pressing necessity;
and every man engaged practically in navigating
these waters knows it to be so. Sir, the President
has arbitrarily interposed the one-man poxver to
thwart the will of the people. One man overrides
both Houses of Congress, and defeats a wise and
beneficent measure of great practical importance to
the people. On amere question of expediency the
President has no just right to interpose his opinion
against the deliberately expressed opinion of both
Houses of Congress. The will of the people, as
expressed through their Representatives in Con-
gress, as to the necessity of completing this work,
ought to be conclusive; and those persons who are
seriously affected by it, will hold ^he President
responsible for this arbitrary and unwarrantable
interference.
The second objection of the President is. that,
in his opinion, the appropriation is unconstitu-
tional. If the bill is unconstitutional, the Presi-
dent is right in not approving it. But I deny that
it is unconstitutional. Upon the adoption of the
Constitution, the revenues derived from commerce
were surrendered bythe States to the Genera] Gov-
ernment to provide for the common defense and
promote the genera] welfare of the xvhole country.
The States xvere thus deprived of these revenues.
The means to defray the expenses of improve-
ments like this, in which so many States have a
common interest, were entirely given up by the
several States to the Federal Government. "Each
State thus deprived itself of all control over and
all means of executing works of this ma«nii-
tude
Sir, can it be supposed that the States would
have been induced to deliver up to the care of the
Federal Government all control over commerce
whh foreign nations and among the States; and
thus stripped of all means of securing the first
elements of their prosperity, without an equiva-
lent? And what was that equivalent? The only
one which the case admitted, that the Federal
Government should exercise the powers and pi r-
form the duties which the formation of the Union
and the adoption of the Constitution forbade to
the States. Sir,.in the very nature of things, the
Federal Government took the place and assunn d
the powers, and thereby undertook tu perform
the duties, of the States respectively, which they
could not separately exercise, consistent with the
peace and prosperity of the whole. And in this
way an obligation is imposed upon the Federal
Government which it is not at liberty to disre-
gard.
