1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
889
portion in reference to the judiciary, in reference
to the executive departments, in reference to
other powers. All of it could not be accomplished
at once; the most necessary was attended to first.
The whole system had to beput in operation; and
it was an entirely new one. In 1793, with Wash-
ington, the president of the convention, the Father
of his Country, in the executive chair, the fugi-
tive slave act of that year was introduced into
the Senate, and unanimously passed. That was
cotemporaneous expedition. A large portion of
the members of Congress, in 1793, were the men
who made the Constitution, and who may well be
supposed to understand it. They were faithful,
able, honest men. All the confederates were
there; all the New England States were there. No
man lifted his voice against one provision of the
act of 1793. When it was demanded that that
clause of the Constitution should be carried out
according to its letter and intent, I say no man in
the Senate of the United States offered the slight-
est objection; but they unanimously passed the
act of 1793. Then, I say, the words of the Con-
stitution show this duty plainly; the act of 1793,
passed under these circumstances, stand upon as
high authority in intellect, in patriotism, m per-
sonal knowledge, as it is possible to bring to the
exposition of any statute whatever.
The great mistake of the Senator from Wis-
consin, and a mistake that pervades his party gen-
erally, seems to be this: that, because of the right
of independent judgment, there is a right to disre-
gard the Constitution and laws. Even if I grant,
as he contends, that, like a treaty with England, we
judge and she judges, there is no common arbiter
but that of public opinion, the judgment of the hon-
est men throughout the civilized world. At that
tribunal I arraign these men. This is the evidence
i am offering; and even if you have the right to
judge, can you not be faithless to your obligations,
faithless to your oaths, by judging wrongfully'
Whether you do it willfully and corruptly must
be inferred from the clearness of the proposition,
and the amount of evidence which sustains it; not
upon your right of judgment. Between independ-
ent nations there can be no common tribunal but
the judgment of the world against the wrong-doer,
and the sword as the avenger of wrong.
The act of 1793, after having passed the Senate
- unanimously, passed the House of Representa-
tives with but a small and inconsiderable opposi-
tion to it, and it went forward to perform its mis-
sion, and it came before the tribunals of the
northern States of the Union. It never came be-
fore the tribunals of the southern States, as far
as I know or believe; because, in all the slavehold-
ing States, whenever a fugitive from labor was
found, he was taken up, imprisoned, advertised;
and, according to the usual formula, whoever
owned him would come forward, prove property,
pay charges, and take him home; but it came for
execution before the tribunals of the non-slave-
holding States. Some executed it well; some, even
at an early day, attempted to evade it; but gener-
ally, the act of 1793, which sometimes required
the interposition of the State magistrates, was
faithfully and honorably performed. Up to the
time when it ceased to be in existence as the sole
law to execute that provision of the Constitu-
tion, which was until the amended law of 1850
v/as passed, it was admitted to be a constitutional
law by every court, State orFederal,before whom
the question ever came. As far as I know, I
made that statement a month ago. The Senators
have had abundant time, and not one of them has
found an authority against my position. I have
seen and heard of none; neither from high courts
nor low courts; neither from magistrates nor peo-
ple anywhere. Laws were passed by Legislatures
in conflict therewith, probably some accidentally,
and some with the intent of giving a remedy, and
probably intending to give a fair remedy; but at
the same time, laws that were passed which were
found to be in conflict with it, were declared by
the State courts, as well as the Federal courts, to
be null and void. One of the most remarkable
cases of this kind was in the State of New York
in 1834. The State of New York passed a law to
give a trial by jury. It came before the supreme
court of New York in 1834, when one of the
present associate justices of the Supreme Court
of the United States was on the bench of Now
New York. I mean Mr. Justice Nelson. I al-
lude to the case of Jack, a colored man, vs. Martin,
to be found in 12 Wendell, 311. I will read the
head notes of the case:
" Where a slave esrapes from one State to another, and
ispuisucd bv his owner, and taken before a magistrate,
and the magistrate, in pursuance of the law of Congress, ex-
amines into the matter, and grants a certificate that the
slave owes service or labor to the person claiming him, and
allows the claimant to remove hiin to the State from which
he fled, the claimant cannot be prevented from removing
him by a writ de komine replegiando, sued out under the
authority of a State law.
" The right of legislation on tins subject belongs exclu-
sively to the national Government; and if such right be
conceded to have been originally concurrent, after the exer-
cise of its power by the national Government, all control
orer the subject by the State governments necessarily ceases,
so as to avoid the effects of adverse and conflicting legisla-
tion. In cases of collision, State laws yield to the superior
authority of the laws of the General Government.
" To entitle the owner of a slave to the benefit of the
provisions of the Constitution and law of the United States
in this respect, it is not necessary that he should be a citi-
zen of the Stale from which the slave fled ; it is only incum-
bent upon him to show that, under the laws of the State
fiom which the slave escaped, he is entitled to the service
or labor of the slave. It seems that the owner, or his agent,
may, m the first instance, without process, arrest a fugitive
slave."
The question of trial by jury was the subject
of elaborate decision. It was then argued that a
black person might be a freeman and might be
seized improperly—and the supreme court of the
State of New York say that is equally true in ref-
erence to fugitives from justice. You give thfem
no trial by jury; but 1 believe it has not been the
practile of the Abolitionists in this country to give
themselves any concern to secure the rightoftrial
by jury to a white man who is arrested as a fugi-
tive from justice. It is only in regard to a black
man that their sympathies are aroused. The
judges of New York, in the case from which I
have just read, go on and review the matter very
fully, and declare:
" The proceedings by which his rights have been invaded
being under a law of Congress, the remedy for error or in-
justice belongs peculiarly to that high tribunal. Undertheir
ample shield, the apprehensionrof captivity and oppression
cannot be alarming."
This case went up to the court of errors of the
State of New York, which then consisted, I think,
of the chancellor and all the Senators of the State,
and the judgment was affirmed by every single
Senator and every member of the court.—14 Weit-
dell, 507.
Judge Nelson, m this case, reviewed the adjudi-
cations in Massachusetts, in Pennsylvania, and
other States, showing the constitutionality of the
law; and that all attempts, by habeas corpus, or trial
by jury, or in any other raoSe, to interfere with it,
were illegal. It washeld that the master had a right
to seize his fugitive slave in a summary manner,
and to carry him back to the place where he was
claimed, and there to leave him under the laws of
the State and the nation; and the judgment in this
ease was affirmed by all the Senators of the State
of New York, in 1834, who constituted the court
of errors, thflugh all of them did not support the
reasoning. If the Senator from Wisconsin suc-
ceeds in proving that the Supreme Court of the
United States is not reliable, what will he say to
the courts of New York? What will he say to
those thirty Senators who were the court of errors,
and combined the legal learning and patriotism, I
dare say, and intelligence, of that great State, be-
fore the rise of this Republican party who have
brought this mischief into the Republic?
Mr. Justice Story wrote a commentary on the
Constitution which, I believe, is very much ap-
proved and lauded, even now probably, in Mas-
sachusetts, except where it concerns slaves. They
recognize no authority on this question; but on
all else, I believe, he is held by them to have
been a very eminent jurist and an upright judge.
That is the reputation he left behind him, proba-
bly with as few to cavil about it as in the case of
any man who has served so long in so respons-
ible a station. In his Commentaries on the Con-
stitution, while he was calmly giving his own judg-
ment in the light of reason and principle on the
fundamental law of his country, he being one of
its ultimate expounders—while he held that high
trust, giving to his own generation and all succeed-
ing ages his judgment, he declares:
" And in the cases of fugitive slaves, there would seem
to be the same necessity of requiring only prima facie proofs
of ownership, without putting the party to a formal asser-
tion of his rights by a suit at common law.
" Concress appears to have acted upon this opinion; and,
accordingly, in the statute upon this subject, have author-
ized summary proceedings before a magistrate, upon which
he may grant a warrant for removal."—2 Story's Com-
mentaries, section 1812.
In the case of Prigg us. the Commonwealth of
Pennsylvania, he held that it could be done by
summary process; he held that it could be done
by the owner without any process; that the owner
had a right to go to Pennsylvania and seize his
slave in his own right, and carry him to his home.
Mr. Sergeant, who was also a very eminentcom-
mentatoron the Constitution, says the same thing:
"From the whole scope and tenor of the Constitution
and act of Congress, it appears that the fugitive is to be
delivered up on a summary proceeding, without, the delay
of a formal trial in a court of common law. If a certifi-
cate be given by a State judge, agreeably to the act of Con-
gress, after a hearing, such certificate is a legal warrant to
remove the same, and no writ of humine replegiaiido after-
wards lies, on the part of the slave, m a court of the State
where such certificate is given, to try his right to freedom.
Such writ is a violation of the Constitution."—Sergeant's
Commentaries on Constitutional Law, page 398.
That is not the authority of a slave State-, it is
not an aggression of the slave power; it is a sol-
emn adjudication of men eminent for their virtue
and their learning, that these laws which those
States have passed are in violation of the Con-
stitution of the United States. They said so ju-
dicially; they said so in their commentaries. I
take them as leading witnesses against you for
the proposition that you are faithless to your ob-
ligations. That is my charge, and this is the evi-
dence. Mr. Sergeant continues:
" Where, therefore, a judge of a Slate court, after a hear-
ing on habeas corpus, gave a certificate agreeably to the act
of Congress, and the slave sued out of the supreme court a
homine replegiando against the keeper ot the prison where
he remained, the court quashed the writ."—Wright, alias
Hall, vs. Deacon, 5 Serg. k Rawle, 62. See also in the mat-
ter of Martin, 2 Paine C. C. R., 348.
No case has ever been found agaiflst this doc-
trine until you come to this case in Wisconsin.
Mr. Hurd, in his work on Habeas Corpus, page
838, says:
" The validity of the act of Congress, 1793, has been af
finfted in the several State court* where it has been brought
in question, and State laws conflicting therewith declared
unconstitutional."—Wnejit vs.Deacon, 5 Serg. Rawle, 62;
Glen v>. Hodges, 9 Johns. R.. 67; Jack vs. Martin, 12
Wend. R , 311 ; S. C. 12 Wend. R507, and Com. vs. Grif-
fin, 2 Pick. JR., 11.
I have brought before you, then, the evidence
of your infidelity to your compact. That is the
charge. It is not whether the United States Su-
preme Court be or be not a faithful«exponent of
the Constitution. It is whether you have an-
nulled the Constitution of your country; whether
you are faithless to courts. Set aside any one
of the witnesses; there stands the rest against
you. Sot aside the courtofNew York, and where
stand Washington and your fathers who passed
the law, who made the Constitution? Set aside
the court of Pennsylvania, and where are these
commentators throughout all the States, up to the
time when, in 1848, we allowed Wisconsin to be
the twenty-ninth member of this Confederacy?
She overrides all principle, all authority, all lan-
guage, which had been held from the foundation
of the Government up to that opinion of hers.
Sir, it is not modest, if it is law.
As to the present act of 1850, the principle of
it, which I will show that Wisconsin declared un-
constitutional, applies equally to the act of 1793.
The act of 1793 allowed the slave to be taken by
summary process. The act of1793 required no con-
frontingof witnesses. The act of 1793 allowed tes-
timony to be taken by affidavit. In these points,
upon which these States have willfully violated
the Constitution of my country, the act of 1793
isasobnoxiousastheactofl850. The aiding and
abetting the rescue or escape of a slave was also
punished under that act. There is only a varia-
tion in the mode of punishment, but not in the
punishmentitself. Thequestioncameupunderthe
act of 1850, and was decided in ex parte Robinson,
in 6 McLean's Reports, and several other cases.
Thequestion came up in Massachusetts in Simms's
case, 7 Cushing, 285; in New York, in 16 Bar-
bour, 268. Wherever this act has come before
any tribunal, even in Massachusetts, whose pop-
ulation have exhibited a stronger hostility to this
act than any other, and whose Legislature has px-
hai stod its ingenuity in evading the provision,
thi Constitution of the country has been main-
lame 1. except in Wisconsin.
1 read these authorities to show, not that this
is the law, but to show the corrupt intent of
those who violate it; to show that, to dccide
against such a cloud of testimony, such a cloud
