890
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
of witnesses, commencing from the beginning
and coming down to now, warrants the charge of
corruption. A judge may have a right to decide
a cause; yet if he decide it against the established
doctrine of all the tribunals of his country; against
the letter of the act; against justice; against the
adjudications of all who have preceded him, who
wants any more evidence for his trial to convict
him of being corrupt in his judgment, unless he es-
capes on the ground that he is imbecile? In Hurd's
work on Habeas Corpus, which is before me. nearly
all the decisions of the courts are collected, and I
find that the principle on which I stand is correct.
It has stood uncontradicted here now for thirty
days, by any of these gentlemen who have at-
tempted to answer me. They have not been able
to point to a case where the validity of the act of
1793 has not been maintained, whenever it came
before the judicial tribunals of the country, the
State courts as well as the Federal courts. Then
sympathy for the colored race was not permitted to
interfere with the laws. There was no political
sympathy,which, it is sometimes averred, controls
honorable men in the discharge of political duties.
They were naked questions of law. They went
before the various tribunals, different courts; and
all, all from 1793 up to the time this judgment was
given by this court in Wisconsin, furnish an
amount of authority that no man can escape from.
Therefore, { repeat, on the authority of the Su-
preme Court of the United States, and the other
testimony here submitted, that the supreme court
of Wisconsin has annulled the Constitution of my
country.
The charge was not lightly made. It was deeply
considered.ftWe have complained of these aggres-
sions for many years. We have brought them in
various forms before our confederates. We have
brought them here. We have sent them before
the world by our State Legislatures. My own
State sent them forth in the solemn form of aSfcate
convention. We have exhausted all the means
of bringing them before the wrong-doers, of bring-
ing them before the tribunals of our country.
Whatever happens, then, we arc guiltless. It is
in vain to singpeans to the Union while violating
the Constitution. The real traitors to the Union j
arc those who violate the Constitution. There is
the law, the^Constitution, the act of 1793. There
is the testimony—the judgment of the fathers, the
judgment of the judiciary, the judgment of the
legislative, the judgment of the executive depart-
ment, and the practice of the entire country for
seventy years. With that, I leave this branch of
the question.
Now, what says the gentleman from Wiscon-
sin ? That 1 am not the proper person, to make
this charge against his State, because Georgia
has not considered the Supreme Court of the
United States to be infallible. This is not the
issue. The Senator from New Hampshire, [Mr.
Hale,] for the second time, as I remarked the
other day, repeated a declaration of my own, that
I did not consider that court a safe depository
of political power. Sir, it was the judgment of
my youth; it is the judgment of my mature man-
hood; every day has confirmed it; it is my judg-
ment to-day. 1 have not sought, as you have,
and as I will show you have and your States
have, to change my opinions whenever it suited
my convenience to accomplish a particular object.
But, sir, I state to the Senator from Wisconsin
that he can find no principle in any judicial, legis-
lative, or any other act of the State of Georgia, by
her people, in any shape or form of legitimate ac-
tion, that gives the slightest foundation to his
attempt to put his own State by the side of mine
in fidelity to the Constitution.
The first case he refers to is Chisholm's exec-
utors vs. the State of Georgia, in 1792. A citizen
of South Carolina sued the State of Georgia for
a debt which it was said we incurred in the Rev-
olution for munitions of war. The State of Geor-
gia came here through her counsel, and protested
against the jurisdiction. Mr. Jay was then the
chief justice—a man who was amenable, more than
any other man, to all the censure which has been
cast on that court. We averred that we were a
sovereign, and did not intend to be called into that
court. New York was sued in the same way.
Virginia was sued. We refused to appear. The
Supreme Court gave a judgment by default, and
the case stood. Mr. Strong, of Massachusetts,
feeling then, as-a freeman, a common interest for
the Constitution of his country, introduced the
eleventh amendment to the Constitution. It was
not to limit the power of the judiciary, but itsaid
that the judicial power shall not be construed to
extend to such cases. Itwas merely explanatory
of the Constitution. It was merely to put at rest
forever a judicial determination,. All of our con-
federates, every State in this Union,came up and
vindicated the State of Georgia. It was not the
action of the States of the South alone. Mr. Strong
moved it in the Senate, and it got every vote but
two—Mr. Gallatin, of Pennsylvania, and Mr.
Rutherford, of New Jersey—and there were
twenty-five Senators present. It went to the
House of Representatives, and eighty-one voted
for it, to nine against it.
Did we violate the Constitution? We said:
" You have no right to bring us into court." We
got the support and approbation and defense of
every one of our confederates. The amendment
went then to the State Legislatures, three fourths
ofthem being necessary. Every one of them who
acted said we were but defending a common right.
They passed the amendment to the Constitution;
swept the case from the judiciary; and no judg-
mentuponit waseversenr totheSfate. Hn quotes
that as an authority to vindicate Wisconsin. Is
that evidence that we violated the Constitution?
Is it not evidence that we vindicated it? Is not the
evidence overwhelming, complete, unanswerable ?
Ought not men to be ashamed to cjuote sucte*a pre-
cedent as that for such an enormity as this?
The next case to which the Senator appealed to
justify himself by the action of Georgia, was the
cases of Tassells, and of Worcester and Butler. I
have that whole record before me. The discovery
of gold, in 1830, in a region of the State of Georgia
then occupied by the Cherokee Indians, brought
a large influx of gold-seekers there. The State
laws did not then extend over that territory. Men
went from our own State, and from sister States,
and from foreign countries, allured by the accursed
thirst of gold; they committed murder, and all
other crimes. We had to keep a large body of
men there to preserve the peace at our own ex-
pense. We carried the offenders to the district
court of the United States, and they said: " We
have no jurisdiction; Congress have not given us
authority to punish them." We brought them
before our own tribunals, and they said: "We
cannot punish them; men may commit murder, or
theft, or any crime they please; but they cannot be
convicted. This gold region was within a stone's
castof the line between the Indians and the whites,
a large portion of it, and all imr.u*diatcly contig-
uous. The State courts said they had no jurisdic-
tion, because we had not extended our laws there,
and, by our constitution, we could try no man,
except in the county where the offense was com-
mitted. Then, to administer the laws, we ex-
tended our jurisdiction to the extent of our State
limits. In that we did not imitate JVJassachusetts,
who claimed the title from God, and by virtue of
sainthood confiscated all the Indian lands within
their limits. We did not even imitate New York,
who not only put the Indian country within that
State under her own laws, but subjected the In-
dians themselves to them; but we did not, unless
they committed a crime against a white person.
This man Tassels killed a stranger in our limits,
a traveler, I think a citizen of Kentucky, who had
been there on lawful business, and was on his
way home. It was not questioned that this foul
deed had been committed, nor was there a ques-
tion as to the perpetrator; but, as I before re-
marked, the district court of the United States
declared they had no jurisdiction, and our courts
declared they had none. The State annexed it
to one of her counties; after we brought it within
our jurisdiction the crime was committed. Per-
sons there were inciting the Indians to set up an
independent sovereignty within the limits of the
State of Georgia. We knew that the innocent
blood of the stranger was crying for vengeance on
our ground, and within our jurisdiction, and we
responded to the call. We tried him and we ex-
ecuted him, and we heard nothing from the courts
of the United States. The Senator says Georgia
violated the judgment of the Supreme Court of
the United States; that it interposed. He states
that we took life against it. He has made a state-
ment which he cannot sustain; it has not the least
foundation as a matter of fact.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. In reference to the case
of Tassells, I stated precisely what was stated in
the opinion of Judge Benmng of the supreme court
of Georgia.
Mr. TOOMBS. I thought you went further. I
have no doubt it is there accurately stated. There
was a writ of error subsequently sent to the Gov-
ernor by mail after the execution. I am merely
stating the facts. I do not pretend to dispute but
what, if that case had ever been made, we would
have maintained our rights and liberties. I am
stating what was done; I am stating the truth of
judicial records, from which the honorable Sena-
tor departed. He was executed without a man-
date or precept of any sort from the Supreme
Court or any other court to stop Jt.
Subsequently, a cpuple of missionaries from
New England went there. When we organized
the Indian country, we declared that nobody but
an agent of the United States should reside among
these Indians,not even of our own people, unless
he would take an oath to support our laws. These
missionaries said they would not do it. A great
cry was got up. It was mixed up with politics.
The Opposition attempted, at that day to make
something of it. We tried these men, and, as I
stated before, we told them, "Take this oath; we
will put you on the same ground with our own
citizens, and all other people from everywhere,
or quit the country." They would not do either.
We said: *£ We will put you in the penitentiary."
We went to the courts, tried them for it, and con-
victed them. We said: " Now quit the State, or
take the penalty if you do not go." They said
they would not. At the doors of the penitentiary
they were told, " Do not disturb our peace; go to
your owncountry." Theirconscienccswouldnot
allow them, and we put them among felons; we
numbered them among the transgressors.
They did go to the Supreme Court of the United
States for a writ of error. They were not ob-
structed, in the first place, by any court or by any
body in obtaining it. The Supreme Court of the
United States, in my judgment wrongfully, de-
cided that the Cherokee Indians were an inde-
pendent nation, and that, therefore, we had not a
right to enforce our own laws in our own limits.
There it stood. They got the records; they got
the case; they tried it, and overruled us. We paid
no attention to it whatever. After the case had
been tried, and they decided it, they iTfcver moved
to carry the precept of the Supreme Court to Geor-
gia; but they came to the Governor of the State
with their petition, as I showed the other day. A
large number of persons in the United States pe-
titioned for their release—Dr. Nott, of Union Col-
lege, among them, and a great many preachers,
and excellentand worthy people, v, ho looked after
our affairs about that time, all through New Eng-
land; and Silas Wright, and Mr. Dix, and other
eminent politicians of that time, who took an in-
terest also in our affairs, and a very friendly one.
No motion was made here. Worcester and Butler
both gave notice to the attorney general of Geor-
gia that they had abandoned their case, and or-
dered their own counsel not to move. There was
no mandamus, no command to our judiciary what-
ever; but the plaintiffs to the writ of error, Wor-
cester and Butler, as it appears in Niies's Register,
wrote to the attorney general of our State, as fol-
lows:
Ff.nitemtiary, Milledreville. JununryS, 183o.
Sir: In reference to a notice given to you on the '20th
Novcmbei last, by our counsel, in our behalf, of our inten-
tion to move the Supreme Couit of the United States on the
2d day of Febtuary next, for further process m the ca-e
between ourselves, individually, a? plaintiffs in error, and
the State of Georgia, as defendant in error, wc have now
to inform you, that we have forwarded instruction to our
counsel to forbear the intended motion, and to prosecute
the case no further. We are your*, respectfully,
S. A. WORCESTER,
EL1ZUR BUTLER.
Charlfs J. Jenkins, Esq., Attorney General of tke State
of Georgia
It was their duty to take the process of the Su-
preme Court of the United States, and carry it to
the supreme courtof Georgia,as was done in Wis-
consin. They abandoned it. They did not call
on us to act, and here was a petition signed by
Eliphalet Nott, R. Hyde Walworth, Sum-on De-
witt, B. F. Butler, David Sutherland, Ah. Van
Vechten,William B. Sprague, William Lockhead,
W. L. Marcy, Greene C. Bronson, B. T. Welch,
S. Van Rensselaer, John Savage, John Ludlow,
J. W. Campbell, Isaac Ferris, H. Bleecker, peti-
tioning the Governor of Georgia, in view of the
