1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
891
fact that we had maintained our jurisdiction, that
the people of the United Slates had maintained us.
The petitioners say:
(< Permit us, then, to state that, under all existing cir-
cumstances, we deem it a matter of great moment that the
prisoners refeired to should be set at hoerty without delay,
which, as we suppose, can only be done by discharging
them under a paidon emanating from the State authority—
and sueli a pardon we earnestly recommend.
" The re>ult of the recent election must render it ap-
parent that the removal of the Cherokecs is deemed expe-
dient by the nation; and, under this impression, the un-
dersigned are of opinion that very many persons who have
hitherto counteracted their lemoval. mil now deem it their
duty to co purate in bringing it about; and they have rea-
son to believe and confidently hope that an influence will
be applied to reconcile the tribe to such a result, by those
very prisons who have hitherto labored to prevent it.55
They had been resisting our policy to remove
them and take them west of the Mississippi.
General Jackson was with us. This excellent
gentleman, Dr. Nott, and others, said, us you hav6
triumphed and the parties have acknowledged
your jurisdiction, we appeal to the magnanim-
ity of Georgia, and ask for their pardon. We
had tendered it three times, and although they
were imprisoned, the moment they said we will
leave your jurisdiction, or take the oath, we said
go. What part of the Constitution did we vio-
late? The case was brought here. No mandate
was sent back. If you ask us whether we would
have submitted if it had been done, I will say this:
(1 was a very young man and 1 gave my first vote
for President in 1832, and for General Jackson,
at that time, though I did not stay long with him;
I bolted on the proclamation, because i claim to
have been a State-rights man of the straitest sect:)
we would have maintained our rights and liberties
as a State in any event.
But the question is, what was done? Judge
Bcnmng has given a correct statement. The Leg-
islature passed a resolution generally instructing
our tribunals to do their duty, and declaring that
the Supreme Court of the United States had no ju-
risdiction; declaring, further, that when the time
came they would, m a proper manner, vindicate
the jurisdiction of Georgia. That was right, be-
cause it is the fundamental principle of the school
to which I belong, and it is held by Georgia, that
neither the Supreme Court of the Urifted States
nor the State courts, nor any other tribunal upon
earth, except the sovereign people ofthe States,are
the final judges of the infraction of the compact,
and themodeand measure of redress; and Georgia
avowed herself as ready to stand upon that final
arbitrament whenever it became neccssary, and I
believe she would have done it. But the question
was waived by the criminals. The necessity did
not arise, and therefore it can be pleaded in no
shape to sustain the judgment or the action of the
State of Wisconsin.
These are the only two writs of error (in the
cases of Worcester and Butler), according to my
reading, and I think I am well acquainted with the
history of Georgia, that ever did go out from the
Supreme Court of the United States to that State.
The first case, of Chisliulm's executors, was not
a case of a writ of error; for if, after the Constitu-
tion, they had jurisdiction at all, it was original
jurisdiction. Therefore there is not the slightest
foundation for one word on that subject from the
Senator from Wisconsin.
I have before me the pardon of vernor Lump-
kin, who very carefully recited all thebe facts. He
is a very able and distinguished gentleman, now
alive, who has manfully maintained his own prin-
ciples and the true principles of the Constitution,
through along and useful life. He goes on in his
pardon to recite;
%i And whereas sound policy lias, since the confinement
of said p')rson«, induced the constituted authorities ofthfc
State to provide by law for the legal settlement of the un-
occupied part of i>aid territory, by free white population;
and having provided for the organization of said territory
into counties of suitable form and size, for the convenient
and tegular administration of public justice, and the due
execution ofthe laws ofthe State; and the Legislature being
as&med, at their late session, that under existing ariange-
ment«, which were duty going into execution, the country
would shortly contain a sufficient number of well-qualified
inhabitants to carry fully into effect these several objects,
did. therefore, repeal the law under which the said Samuel
A. Worcester and Elizur Butler were convicted and sen-
tenced as aforesaid: And whereas the said Samuel A. Wor-
cester and Eiizur Butler have made known to me, and
they have instructed their counsel, William Wirt and John
Sergeant, Esquires, to prosecute the case which they had
tftousht fit to institute before the Supreme Court ofthe Uni-
ted, States, against the State of Georgia, no further ; but
have concluded i to leave the question of their continuance m
confinement to the magnanimity o/the State,7"
_ For these among other reasons the pardon was
given.
That is our history. There is not a page of it
of which I am prouder. The State of Georgia
vindicated her rights. She sustained not only
her policy, a sound policy, a just policy, but she
rescued the Constitution from invasion by one of
the great departments of the Government. She
did it by the firm maintenance of her own policy,
and her adversaries retreated from their errors and
left no necessity on her to elect what should be
the proper remedy or modq of redress. The State
was never driven to that point. She never refused
to obey a mandate of the Supreme Court of the
United States.
I come now to the twenty-fifth scction of the
judiciary act of 1789. That section ofthe act au-
thorized the Supreme Court of the United States,
under particular circumstances, therein named,
when the Constitution, the laws, or the treaties
of the United States were involved, and the suit
was conducted in the highest tribunal of a State,
and they dccided against the right or privilege
claimed under the Constitution, treaties, or laws
of the United States, to issue a writ of error and
bring up the record of the State courts. The
State of Virginia held, in the case which the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin recited, that this was an un-
constitutional enactment; but mark his case. Is
the case of Wisconsin a question arising under
the twenty-fifth section of the judiciary act? No,
sir, Virginia never claimed in that case, nobody
ever claimed until Wisconsin, that a State court,
high or low, could seize a case in the Federal
court and review it. That is the Wisconsin case.
Virginia denied that the Federal court could seize
their records and remove them, bccausc, they said,
there was concurrent jurisdiction: it was alleged
that the supreme courts of the States are as much
bound by the Constitution as the Supreme Court
of the United States, and, therefore, when jurisdic-
tion once attaches, it was claimed that the court
to which jurisdiction first attaches shall hold it.
The very case the Senator read was against him,
for that was the principle of it—clearly and nakedly
and precisely against him. The courts of Virginia
denied the right of the United States court to de-
mand their records and review them, because they
said, being concurrent, they had jurisdiction; that
in concurrent jurisdictions one was not obliged to
yield to the other. They admitted that the Fed-
eral court was concurrent. Nobody but the Wis-
consin court ever claimed the right to review and
annul a judgment of a Federal court.
"The judicial power shall ettend to all cases in law or
equity arising under this Constitution, the laws of the United
State-s, oi t.vdtic-* made oi winch shall be made under theii
authoufy.''
That, the Constitution says. Virginia did not
deny, Judge Roane did not deny," that the Federal
courts had jurisdiction overall questions arising
under the Constitution and laws of the United
States; but they said that the State courts had ju-
risdiction, too, and that when the jurisdiction at-
tached to the State courts, they were not inferior,
but concurrent and equally independent. These
men make sad work over sound principles of
State rights, and seem hardly able to understand
them when they get hold of them, so that they
bring them into contempt by the absurdity of their
displays.
The question came up in Congress in 1830, on
a proposition to repeal the twenty-fifth section of
the judiciary act, everybody admitting, nobody
denying, that the United States courts had con-
current jurisdiction in these cascs;but the Federal
Supreme Court holding that, notwithstanding the
jurisdiction was concurrent, she was supreme
over the State courts in the cases falling under
the twenty-fifth section. In the Congress of the
United States in 1831 there was a very able debate
upon the question. I have it before me. This
was just before the nullification times; and Mr.
Doddridge, of Virginia, said he regarded it as a
question "of as much importance as if it were a
proposition to repeal the Union of these States,
and for that reason he could not, with his consent,
suffer it to take the course of an ordinary bill.'*
He objected to its second reading, and on the
question of rejecting the bill on its second reading
the yeas were 138, and the nays 51. Every Rep-
resentative from Georgia who was present, voted
to repeal it; she was the only St&te which was
unanimous; but one of her members was not
present. Every man from the non-slaveholding
States of the Union voted against the bill, except
six, Mr.'Cambreleng, of New York, and two
members from the State of New Hampshire, then
belonging very strongly to the old Democracy;
and there are some very good Democrats there
yet; and I hope to see them here, to expound the
true principles of the old Republican organization.
By this large vote, Congress affirmed the consti-
tutionality of the twenty-fifth section ofthe judi-
ciary act, forty years after its enactment, by the
unanimous judgment of every Representative of
the free States but six. Were they sound? Where
were your Republicans then > Where were your
State rights then ?
Ah I but there is other evidence. Three years
afterwards, a great question arose. The twenty-
fifth section of the judiciary act provided that
the clerk of the State court should deliver the
record; but it did not provide for a case where he
would not deliver it; and there was the trouble.
The Federal courts could not get jurisdiction of
it in 1833, when they wanted to reach the ordi-
nance of South Carolina. Then not only the
validity, but the enlargement of the twenty-fifth
scction of the judiciary act of 3789 came before
the Congress of the United States. General Jack-
son, whom the Senator almost claims to have
been one of his fathers, was President, and he
sent a special message to Congress, demanding
the enlargement of the twenty-fifth scction of the
judiciary act. General Jackson reported to Con-
gress that the South Carolina judges, holding this
section to be unconstitutional, would not give a
record, and, therefore, she would defeat the tariff
laws. The Congress of the United States, unani-
mously in this body, except John Taylor, so far as
those who were here were concerned—some of
them, I believe, walking out—not only affirmed its
validity, butextended it; and it is under this very
clause that you have reached Wisconsin. She, too,
refused, m one of these cases, to give a transcript;
and it was under this very section ofthe act of 1833,
commonly known as the force bill, that the Su-
preme Court of the United States was able to reach
these recusant judges of the State of Wisconsin.
It seems that it came back to plague the inventors.
It was an excellent bill when it was to put down
South Carolina nullification; it is gall and worm-
wood when it comes to make you do your duty to
the Constitution. They have dosed the doctors;
we commend the ingredients of the poisoned chal-
ice to your own lips. All were for it then. There
was not one man in either body, from the non-
slaveholding States, who did not vote for it, who
voted at all. Gentlemen, for very shame, give us
some excuse why you made so great an error,
not onlyin 1789,when it was passed on very great
consideration by a large majority, but in 1831,
when, as 1 have told you, the whole North, but
six, voted for it; and in 1833, when every man of
every party from the North sustained it. But,
sir, neither the act of 1789, nor the evidence af-
forded by the attempt to repeal it in 1831, nor the
force bill in 1833, vindicates Wisconsin; nordoes
the case m Virginia, which the Senator cited.
When the district court of the United States had
jurisdiction, and its commissioner had, by his
warrant,arrested a man fora violation of the laws
of the United States, the State courts of Wiscon-
sin interfered, disregarded the act of Congress,
said it was unconstitutional and void, and dis-
charged the offender. The Federal authorities,
however, went on, and got a true bill against him,
and tried him. He did not go away; he remained
to be tried. He had no occasion to run away,
when he was in an abolition free State. That is
sanctuary; that is a good enough den for any ne-
gro thief. He staid there; the grand jury found
a bill against him; he was arrested, tried, con-
victed, and put in jail. What then ?
Does the question arise here now, whether the
Supreme Court of the United States is supreme,
overthatofWisconsin? Not at all; but here, when
the district court of the United States exercised
jurisdiction, tried a man, and put him in prison,
the supreme court of Wisconsin, without prece-
dent, without case, without authority, issued a
habeas corpus, took him out of prison, held that
the district court of the United States had no juris-
diction; that the fugitive act of 1850 was uncon-
stitutional, null, and void; and discharged the cul-
prit. The Senator has had thirty days to find a
case justifying any such action, and he has not
