470
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 27,
36th Cong....1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
to all lands hereafter to be surveyed, within two
years from such adjournment, at the next session,
after notice by the Secretary of the Interior to
the Governor of the State, that the surveys have
been completed and confirmed.
Approved, March 12, 1860.
Ciiap. VII.—An Act to repeal the third section
of ar. Act entitled "An Act to increase and reg-
ulate the terms of the Circuit and District
Courts for the Northern District of the State of
New York," approved July seventh, eighteen
hundred and thirty-eight.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Slates of America in Congress
assembled, That the third section of the act enti-
tled "An act to increase and regulate the terms of
the circuit and district courts for the northern
district of the State of New York," approved
July seventh, eighteen hundred and thirty-eight,
be, and the same ia hereby, repealed.
Approved, March 24, 1860.
Chap. VITI.—An Act to amend an Act entitled
"An Act to regulate the Carriage of Passengers
in Steamships and other Vessels," approved
March third, eighteen hundred and fifty-five,
  for the better Protection of Female Passengers,
and other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That every master or other officer, sea-
man or other person employed on board of any
ship or vessel of the United States, who shall,
during the voyage of such ship or vessel, under
promise of marriage, or by threats, or by the ex-
ercise of his authority, or by solicitation, or the
making of gifts or presents, seduce and have illicit
connection with any female passenger, shall be
guilty of a misdemeanor, and upon conviction,
shall be punished by imprisonment for a term not
exceeding twelve months, or by a fine not exceed-
ing one thousand dollars: Provided, That the sub-
sequent intermarriage of the parties seducing and
seduced may be pleaded in bar of a conviction.
Sec. 2. A ml be it further enacted, That neither
the officers, seamen, or other persons employed
on board of any ship or vessel bringing emigrant
passengers to the United States, or any of them,
shall visit or frequent any part of such ship or
vessel assigned to emigrant passengers, except by
the direction or permission of the master or com-
mander of such ship or vessel first made or given
for such purpose; and every officer, seaman, or
other person employed on board of such ship or
vessel, who shall violate the provisions of this
section shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor,
and, on conviction thereof, shall forfeit to the said
ship or vessel his wages for the voyage of the
said ship or vessel during which the said offense
has been committed. Any master or commander
who shall direct or permit any officer or seaman
or other person employed on board of such ship
or vessel, to visit or frequent any part of said ship
or vessel assigned to emigrant passengers, except
for the purpose of doing or performing some
necessary act or duty as an officer, seaman, or
person employed on board of said ship or vessel,
shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and
shall, on conviction thereof, be punished by a fine
of fifty dollars for each occasion 011 which he shall
so direct or permit the provisions of this section
to be violated by any officer, seaman, 01- other
person employed on board of such ship or vessel.
Sec. 3. And be it farther enacted, That it shall
be the duty of the master or commander of every
ship or vessel bringing emigrant passengers to the
United States to post a written or printed notice
in the English, French, and German languages,
containing the provisions of the second section of
this act, in a conspicuous place on the forecastle,
and in the several parts of the said ship or vessel
assigned to emigrant passengers, and to keep the
same so posted during the voyage; and upon neg-
lect so to do, he shall be deemed guilty of a mis-
demeanor, and, on conviction thereof, shall be
punished by a fine not exceeding five hundred
dollars.
Seu. 4. And be it further enacted, That, in case
of the conviction of any person under the provis-
ions of the first section of this act, and the impo-
sition of a fine, the court sentencing the person
so convicted may, in its discretion, by an order
to be entered on its minutes, direct the amount of
the fine, when collected, to be paid for the use or
benefit of the female seduced, or her child or
children, if any.
Sec. 5. And be it farther enacted, That no con-
viction shall be had under the provisions of this
act on the testimony of the female seduced uncor-
roborated by other evidence, nor unless the indict-
ment shall be found within one year after the
arrival of the ship or vessel at the port for which
she was destined when the offense was committed.
ApprvOVED, March 24, 1860.
Chap. IX.—An Act to establish Mail Routes in
the Territory of Kansas.
Be il enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That there be, and are hereby, estab-
lished in the Territory of Kansas the following
mail routes:
A mail route from Denver City to Missouri
City, via Arrapahoe, Golden City, Golden Gate,
and Mountain City, a distance of forty miles.
A mail route from Denver City to Breckinridge,
via Baden and Tarryall, a distance of one hundred
miles.
A mail route from Denver.City to Eoulder, in
Nebraska Territory, a distance of forty miles.
A mail route from Denver City, down the
Platte river, to Julesburg, a distance of two hun-
dred and forty miles.
A mail route from Denver City to Colorado
City, a distance of sixty-eight miles, via Belmont.
Approved, March 27, 1860.
Chap. X.—An Act making Appropriations for
fulfilling Treaty Stipulations with the Ponca
Indians, and with certain bands of Indians in
the State of Oregon and Territory of Washing-
ton, for the year ending June thirtieth, eighteen
hundred and sixty.
Jle it cnarled by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the following sums be, and they
are hereby, appropriated, out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for the
purpose of fulfilling treaty stipulations with va-
rious Indian tribes:
Poncas.—For first of five installments to bo paid
to them or expended for their benefit, eommenc-
with the year in which they shall remove to and
settle upon the tract reserved for their future
homes, per second article treaty twelfth March,
eighteen hundred and fifty-eight, twelve thousand
dollars.
For the first of ten installments for the estab-
lishment and maintenance of one or more manual
labor schools, under the direction of the Presdent,
per second article treaty twelfth March, eighteen
hundred and fifty-eight, five thousand dollars.
For the first of ten installments, or during the
pleasure of the President, to be expended in fur-
nishing said Indians with such aid and assistance
in agricultural and mechanical pursuits, including
the working of the mill provided for in the first
part of this article, as the Secretary of the Inte-
rior may consider advantageous and necessary
for them, per second article treaty twelfth March,
eighteen hundred and fifty-eight, seven thousand
five hundred dollars.
For maintaining and subsisting the Poncas dur-
ing the first year after their removal to their new
homes, purchasing stock and agricultural imple-
ments, breaking up and fencing land, building
houses, and in making such other improvements
as may bo necessary for their comfort and wel-
fare, per second article of treaty of twelfth of
March, eighteen hundred and fifty-eight, twenty
thousand dollars.
To provide the Poncas with a mill suitable for
grinding grain and sawing timber; one or more
mechanic shops, with the necessary tools for the
same, and dwelling-houses for an interpreter,
miller, engineer forlhe mill, if one be necessary,
farmer, and the mechanics that may be employed
for their benefit, per second article of treaty of
twelfth of March, eighteen hundred and fifty-
eight, ten thousand five hundred dollars.
To provide and setapart this sura to enable the
Poncas to adjust and settle their existing obliga-
tions and engagements, including' depredations
committed by them on property of citizens of the
United States prior to the date of the ratification
of this agreement, so far as the same may be
found and decided by their agent to be valid and
just, subject to the approval of the Secretary of
the Interior, per second article of treaty of twelfth
of March, eighteen hundred and fifiy-eight,
twenty thousand dollars.
Dwamish and other allied tribes in Washington
Territory.—For first installment on one hundred
and fifty thousand dollars, under the direction of
the President, per sixth article treaty twenty-
second January, eighteen hundred and fifty-five,
fifteen thousand dollars.
To enable the said Indians to remove to and
reside upon their reservations, and to clear, fence,
and break up a sufficient quantity of land for cul-
tivation, to be laid out and expended under the
direction of the President, per thirteenth article
treaty twenty-second January, eighteen hundred
and fifty-five, fifteen thousand dollars.
For first of twenty installments for the estab-
lishment and support of an agricultural and in-
dustrial school, and to provide said school with
a suitable instructor or instructors, per fourteenth
article treaty twenty-second January, eighteen
hundred and fifty-five, three thousand dollars.
For first of twenty installments for the estab-
lishment and support of a smith and carpenter's
shop, and to furnish them with the necessary
tools, per fourteenth article treaty twenty-second
January, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, two
thousand five hundred dollars.
For first of twenty installments for the employ-
ment of a blacksmith, carpenter, farmer, and
physician, who shall furnish medicines for the
sick, per fourteenth article treaty twenty-second
January, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, three
thousand dollars.
Makah tribe.—For first installment on thirty
thousand dollars, under the direction of the Pres-
ident, per fifth article treaty thirty-first January,
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, three thousand
dollars.
For first of twenty installments for the support
ef an agricultural and industrial school, and for
pay of teachers, per eleventh article treaty thirty-
first January, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, two
thousand five hundred dollais.
For first of twenty installments for a smith and
carpentor's shop, and to provide the necessary
tools therefor, per eleventh article treaty thirty-
first January, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, two
thousand five hundred dollars.
For first of twenty installments for the employ-
ment of a blacksmith, carpenter, and farmer, and
a physician, who shall furnish medicines for the
sick, per eleventh article treaty thirty-first Jan-
uary, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, three thou-
sand dollars.
To enable them to remove to and settle upon
their reservations, and to clear, fence, and break
up a sufficient quantity of land for cultivation,
under the direction of the President, per sixth
article treaty thirty-first January, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-five, three thousand dollars.
Walla-Walla, Cayuses, and UmutiUa tribes.—
For first installment on fifty thousand dollars, for
the erection of buildings on the reservations, fenc-
ing, and opening farms, per third article treaty
ninth June, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, twen-
ty-five thousand dollars.
. For first of five installments of eight thousand
dollars, under the direction of the President, per
second article treaty ninth June, eighteen hundred
and fifty-five, eight thousand dollars.
For the erection at suitable points on the reser-
vations of one saw-mill, one fiouring-mill, a build-
ing suitable for a hospital, two school-houses, one
blacksmith's shop, one building for wagon and
plow maker, one carpenter and joiner's shop, and
one dwelling for each, per fourth article treaty
ninth June, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, ten
thousand dollars.
For two millers, one farmer, one superintend-
ent of -farming operations, two school teachers,
one blacksmith, one wagon and plow maker, ono
carpentpr and joiner, to each the necessary build-
ings, perfourth article treaty ninth June, eighteen
hundred and fifty-five, ten thousand dollars.
