892
THE CONGEESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
found one. He can find no sanction for if in the
decisions of Virginia, of Pennsylvania, of Geor-
gia, or anywhere else. In the cases by which he
attempted to sustain himself, there was a claim
of concurrent jurisdiction on the part of the State
courts, and that, in whichever tribunal the juris-
diction first attached, it should remain. Here,
however, Wisconsin has leaped over all the bar-
riers; she has leaped over all established princi-
ples, all securities that men have set up to de-
fend order, liberty, or right. She discharges
the culprit, and then refuses even to execute
the decision of the Supreme Court of the United
States, which is trying, not to review her judg-
ment, but to enforce the judgment of a circuit
court, which they have express right to super-
vise.
That is her case. Is it not a naked case? Is
it not a shameful case? Does it not confirm every
allegation I have made ? The Senator need not
meet me by eulogies on the judges of that court,
living or dead. My observation of the adminis-
tration of criminal justice has been, that evidence
of good character is never offered until the proof
of guilt is clear.
Then, sir, I am justified in what I have stated.
Not only do I state that such a case never did
occur, but the nine judges of tjie Supreme Court
have said the same thing. They say in their de-
cision that there never was such a case as the
Wisconsin case:
"These propositions are new in the juiisprudence of the
United States, as well as of the States; and the supremacy
of the State courts over the courts of the United States, m
eases arising under the Constitution and laws of the United
States, is now for the first time asserted and acted upon in
the supreme court of a dtate."—Howard's Reports, volume
21, page 515.
This is asserting the supremacy of the State
courts over the Federal courts. We have hitherto
debated the supremacy of the Federal courts over
the State courts, but Wisconsin has asserted the
supremacy of the State courts over the Federal
courts. Therefore, the cases which the Senator
cites arc not analogous. He must evade the point,
and endeavor to shift the true issue. He cannot
stand supported by Virginia nor by the resolutions
of 1798, m winch he said he believed. Those res-
olutions asserted no such doctrine. They said
nothing about it, one way or the' other. When
those resolutions were sent to the different States,
Massachusetts, New Hampshire, Rhode Island,
New York, and New Jersey, I think, all said
the Supreme Court of the United States was the
final arbiter of all laws of Congress. When they
wanted alien or sedition laws; when they wanted
to seize foreigners without a particle of authority
except executive order; when they claimed the
right to issue letlres de cachet, as they did under
theold regime of France, and send a man out of the
country; when they wanted to put down liberty
of speech, they sai'd the United States Supreme
Court is the arbiter, and thathaving decided, it was
right; and they reproached the State of Virginia
for her manly vindication of the Constitution and
the rights of man and the liberty of speech. And
Mr. Madison expressly, in his report in reply to
that doctrine, in the VirginiaLegislature in 1799,
says:
"However true, therefore, it may be, that the judicial
department is, in all questions submitted to it by the forms
of the Con.stiturion, to decide m the last resort, this report
mu?t necessanly be dvemecl the last m relation to the au-
thorities of the other departments of the Government; not
in relation to the rights of the parties to the constitutional
compact, from which the judicial, as well as the oth^r de-
partments, hold their delegated trusts. On any other hy-
pothesis, the delegation of judicial power would annul the
authority delegating it; and the concurrence of this depart-
ment with trie others in usurped powers, might subvert
forever,and beyond the possible reach of any rightful rem-
edy, the Vvery Constitution which all were instituted to
preserve."
That is the doctrine of the old Republican party
and the doctrine of the South, that it is supreme,
and must be, as to the other departments of this
Government. I will put a case. The Supreme
Court of the United States have declared, in the
Di'cd Scott case, that Congress has no right to
prohibit domestic slavery in the Territories, and
the Republican party says it has. The Senator
from New York, in his speech at the last session,
seemed to comprehend the difficulty, and he says'
we will reform the court. He will follow the rule
of James II. When he was trampling under foot
the liberties of England, and when the existing
court was too honest to carry out his infamous
the twenty-third volume of the Law Magazine,
page 278. There is case after case in the Court
of King's Bench, in the chancery courts of Eng-
land, in the courts of this country, to show that
the habeas corpus does not run in that case; and
this very judiciary act of 1789 is so careful in pre-
serving the rights of the States, that it prevents its
application to parties imprisoned under a State law;
though there should be an indictment for treason
against them in the Supreme Court, they could not
be reached. If he is imprisoned for a debt, the
Supreme Court of the United States have never
claimcd the right to take him out of the control
of the authority that had jurisdiction over him.
A late case in 9f) Howard, decided by the Su-
preme Court of the United States, is so apposite
to this that I must read an extract frdfri it. It is
the case of Taylor vs. Carrvl, 20 Howard, 591.
In that case a ship had been seized by the officers
of Pennsylvania, and had got into the courts of
Pennsylvania, and also into the district court of
the United States for Pennsylvania; and the ques-
tion arose whether the officer of the United States,
or the State officer, had a right to the ship. There
were conflicting interests; seamen's wages and
various liensforfurnishingtheship. The Supreme
Court declared the rule to be such as I have laid it
down:
" This cause has been regarded in this court as one of
impoitance. It has been argued thiee different times at the
bar, and has received the careful consideration of the court.
The deliberations of the court have resulted in the convic-
tion that the question presented in the cause is not a new
jj question, and is not determinable upon any novel principle;
[ but that the question has come before this and other courts
, j in other forms, and has received its solution by the appiica-
;j tion of a comprehensive principle which has recommended
' i itself to the courts as just and equal, and as opposin? no
!) hindrance to an efficient administration of the judicial
I' power.
" fn Payne vs. Drew, 4 East., 523, Lord Eiienborougb
1 saul: ' It appears to me, therefore, not to be contradictor}'
| to any ca-e« nor any principles of law, and to be mainly con-
j ducive to public convenience and to the prevention of fraud
• and vexatious delay in these matters, to hold that where
there are several authorities equally competent to bind the
goods of a party, when executed by the proper officer, that
they shall be considered as effectually, and for all purposes
bound by the authority which first actually attaches upon
them in pomtt>f execution, and under winch an execution
shall have been fii^t executed.' "
"The legislation of Congress, in organizing the judicial
powers of the United States, exhibit-* much circumspection
in avoiding occasions for placingthe tribunals of the State*
and ot the Union m any collision. A limited number of
ca--es exist m which a party sued in a State court may ob-
tain the transfer of the cause to a court oi the United States,
by an application to the State court in which it was com-
menced : and this court, in a few well-defined cases, by the
twenty-fifth section of the jud.ciarvact of 17t>9. mav revise
the judgmcntof the tribunal of la-tieMjrtof a State." In all
other respect*, the tribunals of the tftare and the Union are
independent of one another. The court® of the United
States cannot is-ue • an injunction lo stay proceedings m
any court of a State,' and the judiciai\ act provides that
• ' writs of habeas corpus shall jn no ca e extend to pti-onera
[ in jail, unless where they are in custody under, or bv color
! of, authority of the United States, or ate committed for trial
< before some court of the ^ame, or are necessary to be brought
. into court tote&tify.' k Thus, as the law now stands,* says
this court,i an individual who may be indicted in a circuit
court for treason against the United States, is beyond the
power of thp Federal courts and judges, if he be in custody
under the authority of a State.' {Ex -parte Dorr, 3 How.,
S. C. Reports, 103.) And signal instances are reported in
verification ot the above statement."—Ex parte Robhison, 6
McLcan Reports, 335.
The Supreme Court cannot reach a party under
purposes, nnd refused to give him a dispensing
power, he dismissed them and put his tools on the
bench. The Senator from New York said he
would reform it. James II reformed it. James II
turned them out because they were men who held
to the laws of England; and he putin his vile tools
and set aside the law, and exercised the dispens-
ing power. How was it even in those bad times,
with royal power, with all the prejudices in favor
of king-craft in that great country ? In six weeks
he was a fugitive, flying over the sea; and he and
his posterity lived fojever aliens from the lands
their ancestors had governed for six centuries;
and those infamous decisions, got up by a re-
formed judiciary, by arbitrary power, to strike
down the liberties of that people, to this day have
never been quoted in their judicial tribunals; they
are not considered decisions; and when you give
us law from such a reformed court, let your people
remember the fate of James II. His Government
fell; constitutional liberty was maintained; Eng-
land lived and prospered and grew great. It was
only the enemies of public liberty who forfeited
their heads, their estates, and fled to foreign lands.
Take warning by their fate.
' But, in the case I put, suppose the Republican
party have the executive and thelegislative power.
They pass their prohibition, and the slaveholder
carries his slave into a Territory. You attempt
to execute this law. He comes to the judicial
tribunals. They say that act is null and void, no
law. They said it before. They declared that;
but the case is carried to the court, and they de-
clare it again: what then r The country is open
to us. Pass them fifty times, and they are brutum >
fulmen, null and void, and no law. We can go \
to a Territory and securely enjoy our property, ;
notwithstanding that law. j
How, then, I say, can this organization carry ;
out their principles, except, as I charge them, with |
a deliberate attempt to subvert one of the inde- |
pendent departments of this Government? If this j
court were to decide against the States upon a ]
great question, then the States themselves have a i
remedy in their sovereign capacity This Federal i
Government has none. W^here are its reserved j
rights? The powers of this Government are dele- j
gated; they are in three departments—legislative, |
executive, and judicial, which are separate, dis- j
tinct, and"independent; and the Senator from New I
York was right, when he said, his party must i.
reform the judiciary. He meant to overthrow it, l
to destroy it; and his party are the most stupid ;
organization en earth if they do not intend to do jj
it. Your fundamental principles could not work ;j
an hour, unless you overturned the judiciary of ,j
your country. You must subvert society; you !
must take away this safeguard of public rights, j
this arbiter between you and the Constitution of I
the country. While judicial judgments from hon- i1
est men have been respected in all ages, packed ji
courts command no respect.
The gentleman from Wisconsin says we have
a new-born zeal for the judiciary. Not at all.
They read from Mr. Jefferson to show that Mr.
Jefferson considered the Federal Supreme Court
dangerous, because its tendency was to absorb
the powers of the people and the States for the
benefit of this Government. But here is a case,
where it has decided against this Government on ..       uhum
a great question, and in favor of the rights of the \\ custody in a Hate court by a habc astern us) but
people and the States; and this clamor eomes from
the North against the court. Now, it has decided
against the Federal Government, decided against
that tendency deplored by Mr. Jefferson. Here,
ithasheld the scales even, and said Congress has
not got thisjiower. Hitherto, you have been its
the court in Wisconsin say that their State court
| shall reach a case that has been tried and determ-
i med in the Federal court. Therefore, they have
\ assumed to themselves a power which the Federal
i court expressly denies to itself. This ease was
_ w i , At" "v.  — u jery elaborately argued, and the judgment of the
defender. When it stands for popular rights, you ! United States Supreme Court sustained the iuns-
aro its revilers; and that is the reason. When ji diction of the State of Pennsylvania, that havin°-
it is wiong you support it; when it is right, you || first attached. Nevertheless, it was a case where
r,T ''"I aCt P"nC1,pl°' and haT° t!le Pcdural court had jurisdiction; but inasmuch
nothing but the expediency of the hour to guide . as the property was founii m the possession of the
you m administering praise or blame. No man i j judicial courts of Pennsylvania, the United States
will regard either. _ jj courts had no r t(/take a
There is another point to which I must allude, j J Now, with reference to the principle attempted
and very briefly, with reference to the question of to be deduced from the Georgia reports, I will
'!ab.e^.c?rPus\ The principle regulating this sub- !; call the attention of the Senate!as the ffontl.-man
jecthas been settled m England, m case after case,
again and again, by Lord Denman, and by other
eminent judges, as to whether the writ of habeas
corpus, atcommon law, could run when a party was
imprisoned by another court having jurisdiction
over the pers&n or the subject-matter. A very
excellent article on the subject is to be found in
j from Wisconsin has treated of that case The
J only question there was this; the city council of
I Savannah required a license-tax to be paid by all
, persons who sold goods. Padeiford, Fay & Co.,
| merchants, denied their right to lay that tax oil
j goods imported underthelawsofthe United States,
I and sold in the original packages. The supreme
