1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
893
court of Georgia refer to the case of Brown vs.
Maryland, and say:
" According, then, to the principles laid down in Brown
vs. Maryland, this ordinance is not a violation of the clause
ol the Constitution which prohibits the States to tax im-
ports. 4
" Is it, according to these principles, a violation of the
power delegated to Congress, 'to regulate commerce with
foreign uations^and among the States?' It is not. Those
principles apply equally to both clauses of the Constitution.
If the k groos amount of sales ' is not an import, or not im-
ports, it is not anything winch belongs to loreign or inter-
state commerce, and, therefore, not anything failing under
the power to regulate such commerce.
11 According, then, to the principles laid down in Brown
vs. Maryland, this ordinance is not unconstitutional."—
Georgia Reports, volume 14, page 445.
Now mark this. Both the Senator from New
Hampshire and the Senator from Wisconsin have
read this case. They take up my time and yours
to read a decision of the supreme court of Qeor-
gia, when there was not a word in it affccting their
case in any way:
"According, then, to the principles laid down in Brown
vs. Maryland, this ordinance is not unconstitutional. This
is the opinion of every member of this court. But speak-
ing for myself, I am not willing to let the decision rest on
this ground alone. I do not wish to be considered, by im-
plication, as admitting that I think the decision in Brown
vs. Maryland to be right, or as* admitting that I think the
decision of the Supreme Court of the United States is a
binding precedent for this court. And i prefer, too, to put
the decision upon the Constitution itself, as I understand
the Constitution, rather than upon any decision. I shall,
therefore, consider the case further."—Georgia Reports,
volume 14, page 445.
The whole court say that according to the de-
cision of the Supreme Court of the United States,
in Brown vs. Maryland, the case was against the
plaintiff ill error, and there the court stopped.
One of the judges, a very able and distinguished
man, who does not believe in the constitutionality
of the twenty-fifth section of the judiciary act,
goes further, and says:
'' These are propositions of same import. I shall, there-
fore, hold myself excused, if I go somewhat at large into
the proofs by which I think they are established. I, alone,
am responsible for them, and for all that may be said m thei r
~ support. What the other members of the court may tlunk
of them, or of anything I may say in their support, I know
not^'— Ge^r^la Reports, volume 14, page 446.
Then they quote what he says against the
twenty-fifth section of the judiciary act, upon me
as a decision of the supreme court of Georgia! If
these gentlemen think so, I forgive them. The
judge says it is not. He says the court are agreed
oil one point; buthe goes on and gives his opinion,
and expressly tells you that he is alone response
ble forit,and'does not know what the court thinks
of this long argument which lie makes against that
section-.but that is called a decision of the supreme
court of Greorgia! If that is the way cases are ex-
pounded in Wisconsin, I shall not be surprised at
any decisions theymake. I say, then, that 110 de-
cision was made on the twenty-fifth section of the
judiciary act by the supreme court of the State
of Georgia; that it has never been decided to be
unconstitutional there; and yet they say I, coming
from Georgia, am the last man to talk of over-
ruling the Supreme Court. Judge Benning is a
very able man; but m that case he does not sup-
port Wisconsin; on the contrary, he condemns
her; for he holds the Supreme Court of the United
States and of the State to be concurrent jurisdic-
tions, and that whichever gets the case first shall
finally determine it; that one cannot overrule the
other. But Wisconsin holds that even when the
courts of the United States have got the ease and
decided it, they may seize it. Therefore, there is
not a line of Judge Benning, judicial or extra-
judicial, legal or illegal, not a syllable, that would
sustain this naked outrage. It has no fellow.
There is nothing like it upon the earth, or above
the earth, or below the earth, as far as I know. It
stands in its naked deformity, without a parallel,
without a support from any tribunal but them-
selves.
The Senator from New Hampshire stated that
I represented the people whom I have the honor
to represent, and their associates in that scction,
as great, prosperous, and happy; and declared
that the Federal Government, for the last seven
years, had performed its duty as well as at any
other period in the history of the country; and he
asked what, then, was my complaint ? Sir, may
not the negroes of a prosperous man as well as of
an unprosperous one be stolen > We charged you,
in violation of the compact, with not delivering
up our slaves, and protecting those who steal
them; ^nd I do net suppose it makes any dif-
ference in the offense whether the theft be of that
kind of goods and chattels 01* any other. I know
the Federal Government is discharging its du-
ties, and I am glad of it; and I hope it will con-
tinue to do so; and I would appeal to the honest
men of New Hampshire and Ohio, and all the free
States of the Union, to help me to do it against
those who would trample it under foot. I would
appeal to the lovers of the Constitution to stand
up and stand with me by the compact. I would
tell them that their honor was involved—to see to
it; fhat it was a personal obligation on their State,
and every inhabitant of this broad land, whether
North or South. I would call on them to throw
out of the councils of their country men who do
these deeds of wrong.
Again: the charge was not thaj the Federal Gov-
ernment was not doing its duty; but that our con-
federates were not doing theirs. I pointed out a
power which maintained tWUse violators of the
Constitution. I pointed out men who, in the Ter-
ritories, sought to subvert one of the great safe-
guards of public liberty—the highest judicial tri-
bunal of the land. I pointed out a third danger—
the commission of acts of outrage, the invasion of
States, the invasion of property, attempts oral
and in writing, incendiary attempts to disturb our
peace, to destroy our prosperity; and I called on the
country to stop them. Every one of the charges
was perfectly consistent with the very high est pros-
perity of the aggressed power, and the most per-
fect state of prosperity in the States. You may
commit acts of war against England or Fjjjun-e.
They may lie powerful, strong, and rich, yet you
may violate your compact; you may commit acts
of war against them as againstfeeble nations; but
you are not as apt to do it, because aggressors are
wrong* doers, and wrong-doers are generally cow-
ards, and therefore they are much more apt to
inflict injuries on the weak than on the strong.
That has been my observation through life, and
1 believe it is good philosophy everywhere.
The Senator from New Hampshire, I do not
know how many times, but several, tells us of
the precedents of the fathers. He is too well ac-
quainted with the history of the country not to
know that he does not present them all, nor all
that bear 011 the question. He says that Mr.
Jefferson and Mr. Madison signed laws for Wis-
consin or some of those northwestern States.
That Senator understands it as well as I do, be-
cause I once told it to him in a speech in reply to
him. The ordinance of 1787 was passed for the
government of the Northwest Territory before
this Government was formed. It derived no au-
thority from the Constitution. It had no author-
ity from the Confederation, as Mr. Madison said,
but it cferived its authority exclusively from the
authority of the compact made by the State of Vir-
ginia. The territory was ceded by Virginia, and
Virginia incorporated that act in her deed of ces-
sion, Mr. Jefferson being one of the commission-
ers. In 1788, they submitted that ordinance to
her for her assent to the fifth section, which
they admitted to be against the contract with Vir-
ginia, and Virginia gave her assent. They put the
whole ordinance, every bit of it, over the whole
Northwest Territory. Virginia gave all the power
to Congress which it possessed. There is your
authority for the ordinance of 1787. Virginia pro-
I posed a cession on certain terms; and m the arti-
j cles of cession of Virginia she expressly incorpo-
li rated the act of 1784 m her law, and that was the
i! sole authority Congress had.
Mr. COLLAMER. Does the gentleman mean
to be understood that the ordinance of 1787, in
relation to the prohibition to hold slaves, was in
the deed of cession from Virginia ?
Mr. TOOMBS. All the authority for it which
Congress had.
Mr. COLLAMER. Was there any word or
any provision of that kind in the cession?
Mr. TOOMBS. The provision was, that Con-
gress might regulate the settlement of the Terri-
tory.
Mr. COLLAMER. Did the gentleman mean
| to be understood that the ordinance of 1787, in
relation to slavery, was in the deed of cession.'
Mr. TOOMBS. No; I did not. I said Con-
gress, in 1780, passed a resolution for the cession.
I will read it:
Resolution of Octobcr 10. 1780.
'-Resolved, That the unappropriated lands that mav be
ceded or relinquished to the ITnited States by any particu-
lar State, pursuant to the recommendation of Congress of
the 6th day of September last, shall be disposed Of for the
common benefit of the United States, and be settled and
formed into distinct republican States, which shall become
members of the Federal Union, and have the same rights
of sovereignty, freedom, and independence, as the other
States; that each State which shall be s>o formed shall con-
tain a suitable extent of territory, not less than one hundred
nor more than one hundred and fifty miles square, or as
near thereto as circumstances will admit; that the neces-
sary and reasonable expenses which any particular State
shall have incurred since the commencement of the present
war, m subduing any British posts, or in maintaining forts
or garrisons within and for the defense, or in acquiring any
part of the territory that may be ceded or relinquished to
the United States, shall be reimbursed; that the said lands
shall be granted or settled at such times and under such
regulations as shall hereafter be agreed on by the United
States in Congress assembled, or any nine or more of
them."
Virginia, when she made her cession in 1784,
incorporated the law of September 23, 1784, ver-
batim. into her deed, and thereby conferred upon
the Congress exactly this authority, that they
might settle it under such regulations as they
thought proper. That was what I meant; and I
can show my honorable friend from Vermont the
deed, if he wants it; 1 have that before me.
Mr. COLLAMER. I had heretofore noticed,
as published in papers of the Senator, as coming:
from himself, that he held that the ordinance of
1787 was in pursuance of, and essentially grew
out of, the deed of cession.
Mr TOOMBS. No, sir; bu£ that it is all the
authority there is for it. I give the authority of
Mr. Madison, that there was no particle of power
for it under the Articles of Confederation. The
Supreme Court of the United States, in the Dred
Scott decision, say that it was not by authority
of the Confederation at all that it was done, but
that one sovereign had ceded the territory to her
co-sovereigns; and the Supreme Court, in their
decision, hold my ground, that the authority is
solely like that in the cessions of North Carolina
and Georgia afterwards, from the deed of cession.
The Virginia deed of cession incorporates the act
: of April 23, 1784, and it was declared tobetipon
the conditions therein named, and none other.
The deed of cession, after quoting that act, says
that-Virginia ced^d the territory under the con-
ditions mention* in the act of 1784, and none
other. Therefore, it became a part of the con-
tract between the United States and the State of
Virginia. After Congress passed the ordinance
of 1787, the fifth section was admitted to be against
the deed of cession, and she asked Virginia to
modify it; and Virginia did modify it. It is a curi-
ous fact, that when Jefferson proposed, in 1784,
to prohibit slavery after the year 1800 in the
Northwestern Territory, every single member
from the non-slaveholding States voted again si it;
and yet, now, you -speak of that as the JefTer-
sonian ordinance. The United States claimed the
right under this cession,<to make such regulations
as they pleased.
I say this, however, as to the ordinance: what-
ever may have been its authority , it was not made
under the authority of the Constitution of the
United States. The government established by
that ordinance was in existence for two or three
years before Congress met under the Constitution.
One of the^earliest acts of Congress was to make
that existing government conform to the present
Constitution, by requiring the Governor and Sec-
retary of the Territory to be nominated by the
President and confirmed by the Senate. Before
Ohio came in as a State, the country was divided
into two territorial governments; and as fast as a
State was admitted from that territory, the ordi-
nance was extended over the remaining part# All
the acts quoted by the Senator from New Hamp-
shire are nothing more than provisions extending
the ordinance over the remainder of the territory
when a State came into the Union from that ter-
ritory. As Statcswere admitted, and new Terri-
tories formed, Congress simply left the ordinance,
without changing one word of it in any shape or
form; you gave the whole ordinance to all parts
jt of the territory covered by it. Ohio, Indiana, Illi-
i| nois, Michigan, and Wisconsin.
i You come here and tell me that our fathers
j! claimed and exercised the power to prohibit sla-
| very. I will show you they did not. About four
;! years ago I went over this ground; and perhaps
| i the Senator from New Hampshire has lorgotten it
|! since then. The question arose in 1798, when Mr.
1 Adams was President of the United States, alter
;i the treaty with Spain. Virginia had made her
