I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Laws of the United States.
38th Cong.... 1st Bess/
For the first of twenty installments for the pur-
cliasc of all necessary mill fixtures and mechan-
ical tools, medicines ana hospital stores, books
and stationery for schools, and furniture for the
employes, per fourth article treaty ninth June,
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, three thousand
dollars.
For first of twenty installments for the pay and
subsistence of one superintendent of farming
operations, one farmer, one blacksmith, one wagon
and plow maker, one carpenter and joiner, one
physician, and two teachers, per fourth article
treaty ninth June, eighteen hundred and fifty-five,
seven thousand five hundred dollars.
For building one dwelling-house for tlie head
chiefs of the Walla-Walla, Cayuse, and Umatilla
bands, and for plowing and fencing for ten acres
of land, per fifth article treaty ninth Juno, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-five, two thousand dol-
lars.
For first of twenty installments for pay to each
of the chiefs of the Walla-Walla, Cayuse, and
Umatilla bands, the sum of five hundred dollars
per annum, per fifth article treaty ninth June,
eighteen hundred and fiifty-five, one thousand
five hundred dollars.
For the Walla-Walla chief, three yoke of oxen,
three yokes and four chains, one wagon, two
plows, twelve hoes, twelve -axes, two shovels,
one saddle and bridle, one set of wagon harness,
and one set of plow harness, per fifth article treaty
ninth June, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, one
thousand two hundred dollars.
For building one dwelling-house for the use of
Pio-pio-mox-mox, and fencing and plowing for
lum five acres of land, per fifth article treaty ninth
June, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, three hun-
dred and fifty dollars.
For first of twenty installments for salary for
theson of Pio-pio-mox-mox, per fifth article treaty
ninth June, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, one
hundred dollars.
For locating and opening a wagon road from
Powder river or Grand Round, so as to reach
the plain at the western base of the Blue Mount-
ains, south of the southern limits of the reserva-
tion of said Indians, per fifth article treaty ninth
June, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, ten thou-
sand dollars.
Yaktmia Nation.—For first installment on two
hundred thousand dollars for beneficial objects,
under the direction of the President, per fourth
article treaty ninth June, eighteen hundred and
fifty-five, sixty thousand dollars.
For first of twenty installments for the estab-
lishment and support of two schools, one of which
to be an agricultural and industrial school, erect-
ing the necessary buildings, keeping them in re-
pair, and for providing suitable furniture, books,'
and stationery, per fifth article treaty ninth June,
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, three thousand
two hundred dollars.
For first of twenty installments for the employ-
ment of one superintendent of teaching and two
teachers, periiftii article treaty ninth J une, eighteen
hundred fifty-five, two thousand two hundred dol-
lars.
For first of twenty installments for the build-
ing of two olaeksmiths' shops, to one of which
shall be attached a tin shop, and to the other a
gunsmith's shop, one carpenter's shop, and one
wagon and plow-maker's shop, and for furnish-
ing the necessary tools, pur fifth article treaty
ninth June, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, three
thousand five hundred dollars.
For first of twenty installments for the employ-
ment of one superintendent of farming, and two
farmers, two blacksmiths, one tinner, one gun-
smith, one carpenter, and one wagon and plow-
maker, per fifth article treaty ninth June,eighteen
hundred and lifty-five, six thousand four hundred
dollars.
For first of twenty installments for the erection
of one saw-mill and one flouring-mill, and furnish-
ing the necessary too Is and fixtures, per fifth article
treaty ninth June,eighteen hundred and fifty-five,
lime thousand dollars.
For first of twenty installments for the erection
of a hospital, and providing the necessary medi-
cines and furniture, per fifth article treaty ninth
June, eighteen linn ilred and fifty-five, one thousand
two hundred dollars.
For first of twenty installments for the pay of
a physician, per fifth article treaty ninth June,
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, one thousand
dollars.
For first of twenty installments for the erection
of buildings required for the use of employes, per
fifth article treaty ninth Juno, eighteen hundred
and fifty-five, three thousand five hundred dollars.
For first of twenty installments for the salary
of such persons as the said confederated tribes and
bands of Indians may select to be their head chief,
per fifth article treaty ninth June, eighteen hundred
and fifty-five, five hundred dollars.
For building for said chief a comfortable house,
and properly furnishing the same, and to plow
and fence for him ten acres of land, per fifth article
treaty ninth June, eighteen hundred and fifty-five,
three hundred and fifty dollars.
JYez Perce Indians.—Forfirstinstallment 011 two
hundred thousand dollars for beneficial objects,
at the discretion of the President, per fourth article
of treaty eleventh June, eighteen hundred and
fifty-five, sixty-thousand dollars.
For first of" twenty installments for the estab-
lishment and support of two s[c]hools, one of
which is to bo an agricultural and industrial
school; erecting the necessary buildings, keep-
ing them in repair, and for providing suitable fur-
niture, books, and stationery, per fifth article
treaty eleventh Juno, eighteen hundred and fifty-
five, three thousand two hundred dollars.
For first of twenty installments for the em-
ployment of one superintendent of leaching, and
two teachers, per fifth article treaty eleventh June,
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, two thousand two
hundred dollars.
For fnst of twenty installments for the build-
ing of two blacksmiths' shops, to one of which
shall be attached a tinsmith's shop, and to the
other a gunsmith's shop, one carpenter's shop,
and one wagon and plow-maker's shop, and for
furnishing the necessary tools, per fifth article
treaty eleventh June, eighteen hundred and fifty-
five, three thousand five hundred dollars.
■.For first of twenty installments for the employ-
ment of one superintendent of farming, and two
farmers, two millers, two blacksmiths, one tin-
ner, one gunsmith, one carpenter, and one wagon
and plow-maker, per fifth article treaty eleventh
June, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, six thou-
sand four hundred dollars.
For firstof twenty installments forthe erection
of one saw-milt ana one flouring mill, and fur-
nishing the necessary tools and fixtures, per fifth
article treaty eleventh June,eighteen hundred and
fifty-five, nine thousand dollars.
For first of twenty installments for the erection
of a hospital and providing the necessary medi-
cines and furniture, per fifth article treaty eleventh
June, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, one thou-
sand two hundred dollars.
For first of twenty installments for the pay of a
physician, per fifth article treaty eleventh June,
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, one thousand dol-
lais.
For first of twenty installments for the erection
of buildings required for the use of the employes,
per fifth article treaty eleventh June, eighteen
liundre'l and fifty-five, three thousand five hun-
dred dollars.
For first of twenty installments for the salary
of such person as the tribe may select to be their
head chief, per fifth article treaty eleventh June,
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, five hundred dol-
lars.
For building for said chief a comfortable house
and propeily furnishing the same, and to plow
and fence for him five acres of land, per fifth ar-
ticle treaty eleventh June, eighteen hundred and
fil'ty-fiu1, three hundred and fifty dollars.
Fluthcads and other confederated tribes.—For
first installment on one hundred and twenty thou-
sand dollars for beneficial objects, at the discre-
tion of the President, per fourth article treaty
sixteenth June, [July] eighteen hundred and fifty-
five, thirty-six thousand dollars.
For first of twenty installments for an agi^cul-
tural and industrial school, erecting the necessary
buildings, and providing them with furniture,
books, and stationeiy, per fifth article treaty
sixteenth June, [July] eighteen hundred and fifty-
five, two thousand four hundred dollars.
For first of twenty installments for the employ-
ment of sui table instructors, per fifth article treaty-
sixteenth June, [July] eighteen hurid red and fifty -
five, one thousand two hundred dollars. 1
For first of twenty installments for furnishing,
one blacksmith's shop, to which shall be attached
a tin and gun shop, one carpenter's shop, one
wagon and plow-maker's shop, and furnishing
the necessary tools, per fifth article treaty six-
teenth June, [July] eighteen hundred ana fifty--
five, one thousand eight hundred dollars.
For first of twenty installments for the employ-
ment of two fanners, one blacksmith,"one tinner,
one gunsmith, one carpenter, two millers, and-one
wagon and plow-maker, per fifth article treaty
sixteenth June, [July] eighteen hundred and fifty-
five, five thousand four hundred dollars.
For first of twenty installments for the erection
of one saw-mill and one flouring-mill, with the
necessary tools and fixtures, per fifth article treaty
sixteenth June, [July] eighteen hundred and fifty-
five, nine thousand dollars.
For first of twenty installments for the erection
of a hospital, and providing the necessary medi-
cines and furniture therefor, per fifth article treaty
sixteenth June, [July] eighteen hundred and fifty-
five, one thousand two hundred dollars.
For first of twenty installments for the pay of a
physician, per fifth article treaty sixteenth Jane,
[July] eighteen hundred and fifty-five, one thou-
sand dollars.-
For first of twenty installments for the. erection
of buildings required for the use of the einploySs,
per fifth article treaty sixteenth June, [July]
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, three thousand
dollars.
For first of twenty installments for the pay of
such person as the confederated tribes may select
to be their head chief, per fifth article treaty six-
teenth June, [July] eighteen hundred and fifty-
five, five hundred dollars.
For building for said chief a comfortable house,
and properly furnishing the same, and to plow
and fence for him ten acres of land, per fifth article
treaty sixteenth June, [July] eighteen hundred
and fifty-five, three hundred and fifty dollars.
C011federated tribes and bands in Middle Oregon.—
For first of five installments of eight thousand
dollars, under the direction of the President, per
second article treaty twenty-fifth June, eighteen
hundred and fifty-five, eight thousand dollars.
For payment of fifty thousand dollars, a por-
tion of which shall be applied to the payment of
such articles as may be advanced them at the time
of signing this treaty, and in providing, after the
ratification thereof, and prior to the removal, such
articles as may bo deemed essential to their wants
by the President, and for the erection of buildings
on the reservation, fencing and opening farms,
purchase of teams, farming implements, clothing,-
and provisions, tools, seeds,and for the payment
of employes, and for subsisting the Indians the
first year after their removal, per third article
treaty twenty-fifth June, eighteen hundred and
fifty-five, fifty thousand dollars.
For the erection of one saw-mill and one flour-
ing-mill, and furnishing the necessary tools and
fixtures, per fourth article treaty twenty-fifth.Tune,
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, nine thousand dol-
lars.
For the erection of suitable hospital buildings,
and furnishing medicines and furniture, per fourth
article treaty twenty-fifth June, eighteen hundred
and fifty-five, two thousand two hundred dollars.
For the erection of one school-house, one black-
smith's shop, with a tin and gunsmith's shop
attached, one wagon and one plow-maker's shop,
and furnishing necessary tools, books, and sta-
tionery,perfonrth article treaty twenty-fifth June,
eighteen hundred andfifty-five,fourthousanddol-
lars. ,
For the erection of dwelling-houses and the
requisite out-buildings for the employes, and for
furniture therefor, per fourth article [treaty]
twenty-fifth June, eighteen hundred and fifty-five,
four thousand eight hundred dollars.
For first of fifteen installments for the pay and
subsistence of one farmer, one blacksmith, and
one wagon and plow-maker, per fourth article
treaty twenty-fifth June, eighteen hundred and
fifty-five, three thousand five hundred dollars.
For first of twenty installments for the pay and
