m
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 13,
36th Cong. .. .1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
subsistence of one physician, one sawyer, one
miller, ono superintendent of farming operations,
and one school-teacher, per fourth article treaty
twenty-fifth June,eighteen hundred and fifty-five,
five thousand dollars.
For the erection of four dwelling-houses, one
for the head chief of the confederated bands, and
one for each of the Upper and Lower De Chutes
bands of Waila-Walla, and fjr the Wascopum
band of Wascoes, and to fence and plow for
each of the said chiefs ten acres of land, per fourth
article treaty twenty-fifth .Tune, eighteen hundred
and fifty-five, two thousand two hundred and fifty
dollars.
For first of twenty installments for the payment
of salary to the head chief of the confederated
band, per fourth article treaty twenty-fifth June,
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, five hundred dol-
lars.
Motel Indians.—For first of ten installments for
the erection of one saw-miil and one flouring-mill,
and furnishing persons to attend to the same, per
sccond article treaty twenty-first December, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-five, ten thousand dollars.
For first of five installments (in addition to the
installments specified in the treaty of twenty-ninth
November, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, with
the Umpquasand Caiapooias,) forfurnishing iron
and steel and other materials for supplying the
smith's shop and tin shop provided for in said
treaty, and for the pay for the services of the
necessary mechanics, per second article treaty
twenty-firstDecember, eighteen hundred and fifty-
five, one thousand eight hundred dollars.
For the establishment of a manual laborschool,
for the employment and pay of teachers, and for
furnishing all necessary materials and subsistence
for pupils, per second article treaty twenty-first
December, eigiiteen hundred and fifty-five, three
thousand five hundred dollars.
For first of ten installments for the pay of a car-
penter and joiner, to aid in erecting buildings and
malting furniture for said Indians, and to furnish
tools in said service, per second article treaty
twenty-first December, eighteen hundred and fifty-
five, one thousand two bundled dollars.
For first of five installments for pay of an addi-
tional farmer, per second article treaty twenty-first
December, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, six
hundred dollars.
Qtti-nai-elt and Quil-lck-ule Indians.—For first
installmenton twenty-five thousand dollars, under
the direction of the President, per fourth article
treaty twenty-fifth Jan nary, eighteen hundred and
fifty-six, two thousand five hundred dollars.
To enable said Indians to settle upon such res-
ervation as may be selected for them by the Pres-
ident, and to clear, fence, and break up a sufficient
quantity of land for cultivation, to be expended
under the direction of the President, per fifth arti-
cle treaty twenty-fifth January, eighteen hundred
and fifty-six, two thousand five hundred dollars.
For first of twenty installments for the estab-
lishment and support of an agricultural and in-
dustrial school, and to provide the same with a
suitable instructor or instructors,pertenth article
treaty twenty-fifth January, eighteen hundred and
fifty-six, two thousand five hundred dollars.
For first of twenty installments for providing
a smith and carpenter's shop, and furnishing them
with the necessary tools, per tenth article treaty
twenty-fifth January, eighteen hundred and fifty-
six, two thousand five hundred dollars.
For first of twenty installments for the employ-
ment of a blacksmith, carpenter, and farmer, to
. nstruct the Indians in their respective occupations,
and a physician who shall furnish medicines for
the sick, per tenth article treaty twenty-fifth Jan-
uary, eighteen hundred and fifty-six, three thou-
sand eight hundred dollars.
S'Klullams.—For first installment on sixty thou-
sand dollars, under the direction of the President,
per fifth article treaty twenty-sixth January,
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, six thousand
dollars.
To enable them to remove to and settle upon
the reservations, and to clear, fence, and break
up a sufficient quantity of land for cultivation, to
be expended under the direction of the President,
per sixth article treaty twenty-sixth January,
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, six thousand
dollars.
For first of twenty installments for the estab-
lishment and support of an agricultural and in-
dustrial school, and for the pay of suitable teachers,
per eleventh article treaty twenty-sixth January,
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, two thousand five
hundred dollars.
For first of twenty installments for the employ-
ment of a blacksmith, carpenter, farmer, and a
physician who shall furnish medicines for the
sick, per eleventh article treaty twenty-sixth Jan-
uary, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, three thou-
sand dollars.
For first of twenty installments for a smith and
carpenter's shop, and to provide the necessary
tools, per eleventh article of treaty twenty-sixth
January, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, two
thousand five hundred dollars.
Approved, March 29, I860.
Chap. XI.—An Act authorizing Publishers to
print on their Papers the date when subscrip-
tions expire, and in relation to the postage on
Drop Letters.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States ofAmerica in Congi-ess
assembled, That the second clause of section third
of the act of thirtieth August, eighteen hundred
and fifty-two, establishing the rates of postage on
printed matter, is hereby so modified as to read
as follows, namely:
Second: There shall he no word or communica-
tion printed on the same after its publication, or
upon the coveror wrapperthereof, norany writing
nor mark upon it, nor upon the coveror wrapper
thereof, except the name, the date when the sub-
scription expires, and the address of the persons
to whom it is to be sent.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That on all
drop letters delivered within the limits of any city
or town by carriers, under the authority of the
Post Office Department, one cent each shall be
charged for the receipt and delivery of said letters,
and no more.
Approved, April 3, 1860.
Chap. XIII.—An Act in relation to the return
of Undelivered Letters in the Post Office.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Hovse of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That when any person shall indorse
on any letter his or her name and place of resi-
dence, as writer thereof, the same after remaining
uncalled for at the office to which it is directed
thirty days, or the time the writer may direct,
shall be returned by mail to said writer: and no
such letters shall be advertised, nor shall the same,
be treated as dead letters, until so returned to the
post office of the writer and there remaining]
uncalled for one quarter.
Approved, April 6, 1860.
Chap. XXVII.—An Act to settle the Titles to
Lands along the boundary line between the
States of Georgia and Florida.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That whenever the dividing line be-
tween theStatcs of Georgia and Florida shall have
been finally surveyed, approved, ratified, and
confirmed, as the boundary between those States,
the Secretary of the Interior shall be, and is here-
by, authorised to adjudicate upon principles of
equity and justice, all claims, under sales or grants
by the State of Georgia, to lands which may fall
within the State of Florida, and all of said claims
which may be approved by him shall be and are
hereby ratified and confirmed: Provided, however,
That the State of Georgia shall first latify and
confirm all sales and grants made by the United
States of lands in Florida which may fall within
the limits of the State of Georgia, under the final
adjustment of the boundary line aforesaid.
Approved, April 13, I860.
Chap. XXXI.—An Act to incorporate the United
States Agricultural Society.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That William W. Corcoran, Benjamin
B. French, Benjamin Ogle Tayloe, Ben Peiiey
Poore, and John A. Smith, their associates and
successors, be, and they hereby arc, made, de-
clared, and constituted a corporation and body
politic, within and for the District of Columbia,
in law and in fact, to have continuance forever,
by the name and style of " The United States
Agricultural Society," and by such corporate
name, style, and title, shall be hereafter forever
able and capable, in law and equity, to sue and
be sued, plead and be impleaded, answer and be
answered unto, defend and be defended, in any
court or courts, or other places, and before any
judge or judges, justice or justices, or other per-
sons whatsoever, within the District of Columbia,
in all and every manner of suits, actions, com-
plaints, pleas, causes, matters, and demands, of
whatever kind or nature they may be, in as full
and effectual a manner as any other person or
persons, bodies politic or corporate, may or can
do.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That all and
singular the goods, chattels, and other effects of
what kind or nature soever, heretofore given,
granted, or devised to the said society, or to any
person or persons for the use thereof, or that
may have been purchased for or on account of
the same, be, aTid the said goods, chattels, and
other effects are hereby, vested in and confirmed
to said corporation; and the said corporation may
take and receive any sum or sums of money, or
any goods, chattels, or other effects of what kind
and nature soever, which shall or may hereafter
be given, granted, or bequeathed unto them by
any person or persons, bodies corporate or pol-
itic, capable of making such gift, grant, or be-
quest: Provided, That the goods, chattels, and
other effects vested in and confirmed to said cor-
poration, and the moneys, goods, chattels, and
other effects which by this act the said corpora-
tion is authorized hereafter to receive, shall not
in the whole exceed the value of one hundred
thousand dollars.
Sf.c. 3. And be it further enacted, That the an-
nual meeting of the United States Agricultural
Society shall be held in the city of Washington,
on the second Wednesday of January in each and
every year, at which meeting there shall be elect-
ed, in such manner as the constitution or by-laws
of the society may provide, a president; such a
number of vice president as may be fixed upon
by the constitution or by-laws; an executive com-
mittee, to consist of seven members, in addition
to whom the president and secretary shall be ex
officio members, and of which the president shall
be chairman; a treasurer and secretary; all of
whom shall hold their offices for one year, and
until their successors are elected. The duty of
the president shall be to preside over the delib-
erations of the society, and to have a general
supervision of its affairs. The duty of the treas-
urer shall be to receive and keep safely all the
moneys of the society, and to disburse the same
under the direction and supervision of the ex-
ecutive committee; he shall give bonds for the
faithful performance of his duties, in such penalty
as may be fixed, and such surety as may be ap-
proved by the president. The duty of the secre-
tary shall be to keep all records of the doings of
the society; to conduct the correspondence espe-
cially appertaining to his office; to keep the seal,
and make certificates under the same; to issue
medals, certificates, and diplomas; and to super-
intend all publications emanating from the soci-
ety. AH these officers, and the executive com-
mittee, shall perform such duties and additional
duties as may be prescribed by the constitution
or by-laws of the society, not inconsistent with
the provisions of this act. And if said election
shall not be made at the time prescribed herein,
it may be held at some subsequent time within
the year.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the said
society shall have full power and authority to
make, have, and use a common seal, and the same
to break, alter, and renew at pleasure; to make,
ordain, establish, and execute such constitution
and by-laws as they may think proper, and the
same to alter, amend, or abrogate at pleasure; to
fix the salaries or pay of their officers, and to fix
the sum that shall be paid for life or annual mem-
bership.
Sec. 5. Andbe it further enacted, Thatany per-
son may become a life or annual member of said
