896
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27.
they ought to have. I suppose that the cry of
economy will carry and sweep everything before
it without reference to the usefulness of a docu-
ment. I merely desired to ask who compiles this
document; and if I am told that it is the Superin-
tendent of Public Printing, I then want to know
what authority the Superintendent of Public Print-
ing had to* compile it? For my own part, I am
not disposed to trust anybody the compila-
tion of a document of that kind. However, X do
not intend to offer any objection to the resolution.
The SPEAKER. The previous question has
been demanded, and debate is not in order.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under its operation,
the resolution was adopted.
Mr. GURLEY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion wag agresd to.
TERRITORIAL LANDS AND OFFICERS.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House to introduce a bill
for reference only.
Mr. HOUSTON. I call for the regular order
of business.
The Clerk proceeded to read a first and second
time the bill granting lands to actual settlers m
the Territories, andfor the election of all territorial
officers by the people, and foi*other purposes.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I object.
Mr. HOUSTON. Regular order of business.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I ask that the
bill be referred to the Committee on Territories.
The. SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ala-
bama calls for the regular order of business; which
is the election of Printer.
Mr. ADRAIN. I rise to a personal explana-
tion.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I am not through.
I have the ifoor. I would ask if my bill goes to
the Committee on Territories?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. It has not been
received.
The SPEAKER. It will be so referred, if
there be no objection.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. It is objected to. I
objected to the reception of the bill two or three
times.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. The bill was
read twice before objection was made.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. No, sir; I objected
to it all the time.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Not until it had
been received.
Mr. SMITH", of Virginia. Yes, sir; the gen-
tleman from Alabama [Mr. Houston] called for
the regular order of business, which was a stand-
ing objection. I cried out as loud as I could that
I objected. I will bellow next time, so as to make
myself heard.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from Vir-
ginia suites that he objected to the bill at the time
10 was offered, it will not be received.
Mr/oMITH, of Virginia. I did object at the
time.
The SPEAKER. Then the bill cannot be re-
ceived.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I move to sus-
pend the rules, so that it may be received and
referred to the Committee on lemtories.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. But a motion to
suspend the rules is not now in order.
The SPEAKER. ' The motion to suspend the
rules is not in order at this time, ponding the
election of a Printer. After that business is dis-
posed of, the motion will be in order.
Mr. KELLOGG, Illinois. I ask, then, that my
motion may be entered, so that it may come up
when that business is disposed of.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I object to that.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia states that he objected to the bill, and it has
not been received.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Not until it had j
been read twice. j
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Yes, sir, I diJ, and I
loud enough to be heard.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Well, I desire
my motion to be entered, so that it may come up
in its order.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is called for by the gentleman from Alabama,
[Mr. Houston,] which is the election of a Printer,
and that is the only business now in order.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move that there be a call
of the House.
VISITING MILITARY.
Mr. ADRAIN. I rise to a privileged question.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will please
state his privileged question.
Mr. ADRAIN. Mr. Speaker, on Friday last
there was a resolution offered by the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Carter,] reflecting upon
the President, the heads of the several Depart-
ments, and the joint committee of the two Houses
of Congress to superintend the inauguration of the
statue of Washington.
Mr. LOVEJOl. I make the point of order
that this is not a privileged question.
Mr. ADRAIN. I apprehend that the resolu-
tion was a censure on a committee of this House.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
Jersey, in the opinion of the Chair, cannot pro-
ceed without unanimous consent.
Mr. ADRAIN. Then I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to make a personal explana-
tion in regard to this matter.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I object.
Mr. ADRAIN. I hope the gentleman from
Illinois will withdraw his objection.
Mr. HOUSTON. I insist on my motion that
there be a call of the House.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I rise to a ques-
tion of personal privilege. I will state it.
Mr. ADRAIN. There has been no explana-
tion made in regard to the resolution offered by
the gentleman from New York, which was acen-
surc on a committee of the House. *
Mr. LOVEJOY. The resolution is not in the
House; it was never received.
Mr. ADRAIN. Itisdue to myself that I should
make a personal explanation.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. John Cochrane] has the floor on a
question of personal privilege.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I send the New
York Tribune to the Clerk's desk, and ask that
the articlc which is marked be read.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection?
Mr. LOVEJOY. Yes, sir; I object.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Sir, I claim it as a
matter of parliamentary right. I rise to a ques-
tion of personal privilege.
Mr. ADRAIN. I ask the gentleman if he
claims a higher right than I do, and desires to
take the floor from me, when I rise for the same
purposed
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. No, sir; I will
yield to the gentleman if the House will allow him
to proceed.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I make the point that neither
of these matters are questions of privilege. The
resolution of the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Carter] is not before the House.
Mr. ADRAIN. I feel that I have been per-
sonally attacked by the resolution offered by the
gentleman from New York, which has gone into
all the papers of the country; and it is due to my-
self, as one of the committee of arrangements for
the inauguration of thestatue of "Washington, that
some explanation should be made. I therefore
ask the general consent of the House to put this
matter right. I will take but a moment.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state to the
gentleman from New Jersey, that a mere personal
explanation is not considered by the Chair in or-
-*-der, except by unanimous consent.
Mr. ADRAIN. Well, I ask the general con-
sent of the House 
Mr. LOVEJOY. I have objected already per-
manently.
^The SPEAKER. Then the gentleman from
New Jersey cannot proceed.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to see if I understand
the question before the House. I understand the j
gentleman from Now Jersey to rise to a question
that affects one of the committees of the House; j
and he proposes to correct a slander that has been \
attempted to be promulgated in this House. j
Mr. LOVEJOY. I call the gentleman from ''
Alabama to order. He called for the regular or-
der of business himself, and debate is not m order.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman from Illinois,
seeing that he has the advantage, makes the point
of order, and objects to any explanation or meet-
ing of those charges.
Mr. CARTER. I call the gentleman from Ala-
bama to order.
Mr. ADRAIN. The gentleman from Illinois
has no right to laisc an objection where a dircct
censure has been cast upon a member, and he de-
sires to make a personal explanation. I think he
ought to withdraw his objection.
The SPEAKER. The Chair conceives debate
to be out of order. The gentleman from New
York stated that he rose to a question of personal
privilege. He will state it.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Yes, sir; I ask
that the article from the New York Tribune, which
1 have sent to the Clerk's desk, be read.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I object.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has a right
to state his question of privilege.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. He may state it; but
I object to the reading of the paper.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I choose to state
it from that paper.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Nothing a newspaper
says can raise a question of privilege in the House;
and I object to the reading.
The SPEAKER. Tjjc Chair cannot decide the
question until the Chair knows what it is.
The Clerk then read the article from the New
York Tribune, as follows:
"The seventh regiment retained from Washington yes-
terday, rather soured by the shabby treatment which they
received in the national capital. It appears that they were
induced to believe that they would be courteously received
and hospitably enteitained. The reverse was the fact. No
pieparation bad been made fortheiriceeption, no provision
for their lodging and sustenance, and no committee saw fit
to go near them. The Hon. Jons Cochrane, chairman of
the committee, called upon the regiment; but it does not
appear that he did anything for their entertainment. The
venerable President made a little speech to the Guard, m
which he tried to apologize for the committee's short-com-
ings ; but although very much obliged to the old gentleman
lor his amiable intentions, they could not iorget that they
had been made the victims of false pretenses; that they
had come a long way from home, at their own expense, to
get drenched in the rain, and bedraggled in the mud, a«s the
guests of the nation, with the privilege of paying their own
hotel bills. Even the Common Council of New York are
not so scurvy m the treatment of theirguc^ts The heaity
reception on their return, however, by their fellow-towns-
men, must have been a salve that soothed the wounded
feelings ol the gallant seventh.''
Mr. LOVEJOY. I make the point of order
that that article is not a question of privilege en-
titling the gentleman from New York to the floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York will now state his question of privilege.
Mr. ADRAIN. I ask the gentleman from New
York to indulge me a moment, as that article re-
flects upon me as one of the committee of arrange-
ments, who are charged with having neglected the
seventh regiment of New York.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York rose to a question of privilege. He has not
stated it yet.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. It is a question of
personal privilege to which I rise. Matters are
charged upon me, as a member of this House, iu
that article, which are entirely unfounded and un-
true; and, as a member of the House 
Mr. STANTON. I rise to aquestion of order.
It may as well be settled now as atanv other time,
whether newspaper articles in relation to the offi-
cial course of members make matters of privilege
upon which a member has a light to claim the
attention of the House to correct. If any gen-
tleman has a call to make personal explanations
growing out of the course of that particular paper,
I am that man. I claim no such right. I am will-
ing to take care of myself in the newspapers, when
I am attacked there. I shall not ask the attention
of the House or the country to correct anything
that maybe said in reference to myself; *and I
hope gentlemen upon the other side will pursue
the same course. I object to personal explanations
growing out of newspaper articles.
The SPEAKER. The Chains of the opinion
that, in the matter brought to the attention of the
House, there is no question of personal privilege
involved, that, without unanimous consent, will
enable the gentleman to take the floor.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I call to order, and I a^k
that the Chair will maintain his own decision and
compel gentlemen to preserve order.
Mr. ADRAIN. I ask the Chair to decide
whether or not I have the right to be heard on $
question of personal privilege, when, as is known,
