I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
Laws of the United States.
36th Cong.... 1st Sess.-
in the.Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for
the objects hereafter expressed, for the fiscal year
ending the thirtieth of JuneJ eighteen hundred and
sixty-one, namely:
For salaries of envoys extraordinary, ministers,
and commissioners of the United States at Great
Britain, Prance, Russia, Prussia, Spain, Austria,
Brazil,'Mexico, China, Chili, Peru, Portugal,
Switzerland, Rome, Naples, Sardinia, Belgium,
Holland, Denmark, Sweden, Turkey, New Gran-
ada, Bolivia, Ecuador, Venezuela, Guatemala,
Nicaragua, Sandwich Islands, Costa Rica,-Hon-
duras, Argentine Confederation, and Japan, two
hundred and ninety-six thousand five hundred
dollars.
For salaries of secretaries of legation, forty
thousand dollars.
For salaries of assistant secretaries of legation
at London and Paris, three thousand dollars.
For salary of the interpreter to the legation to
China, five thousand dollars.
For salary of the secretary of legation to Tur-
key, acting as interpreter, three thousand dol-
lars.
For compensation to the interpreter to the mis-
sion to Japan, two thousand five hundred dol-
lars.
For contingent expenses of all the missions
abroad, twenty thousand dollars.
For contingent expenses of foreign intercourse,
forty thousand dollars.
For expenses of intercourse with the Barbary
Powers, three thousand dollars.
For expenses of the consulates in the Turkish
dominions, viz: interpreters, guards, and other
expenses of the consulates at Constantinople,
Smyrna, Candia, Alexandria, and Beirut, two
thousand five hundred doilais. ,
For the relief and protection of American sea-
men in foreign countries, two hundred thousand
dollars.
For the purchase of blank books, stationery,
arms of the United States, seals, presses, flags,
and for payment of postages and miscellaneous
expenses of the consuls of the United States, thirty
thousand dollars.
For office rent for those consuls general, con-
suls, and commercial agents, who are not allowed
to trade, including loss by exchange thereon,
twenty-seven thousand three liundredandseventy
dollars.
For salaries of consuls general at fine bee,
Calcutta, Alexandria, Havana, Constantinople,
Frankfort-on-ihe-.Vlain; consuls at Liverpool,
London, Melbourne, llong Kong, Glasgow,
Mauritius, Smgapoie, Belfast, Cork, Dundee,
Demarara, Halifax, Kingston, (Jamaica,) Leeds,
Manchester, Nassau, (New Providence,) South-
ampton, Turk's Island, Prince Edward's Island,
Havre, Paris, Marseilles, Bordeaux, Lailochellc,
Lyons, Moscow, "dessa, Revel, Saint Peters-
burg, Matanzas, Trinidad de Cuba, Santiago de
Cuba, San Juan, (Porto Rico,) Cadiz, Malaga,
Ponce, (Porto Rico,) Tneste, Vienna, Aix-la-
Tliomas, Elsineur, Genoa, Basle, Geneva, Mes-
sina, Naples, Palermo, Leipsic, Munich, Leg-
horn, Stuugardt, Biemen, Hamburg, Tangiers,
Tupoli, Tunis, Rio de Janeiro, Pernambuco,
Veia Cruz, Aeapulco, Callao, Valparaiso, Buenos
Ayres, San Juan del Sur, Aspmwall, Panama,
Lag u ay ra, Honol ul is, Lab am a, Oape I ow 11, Falk-
land Islands, Venice, Stettin, Candia, Cyprus,
Batavia, Fa yal, Santiago, (Cape deVerdes,)Samt
Croix, Spezzia, Athens, Zanzibar, Bahia, Mar-
anham Island, Para, Rio Grande, Matamoias,
Mexico, (city,) Tampico, Paso del Norte, Ta-
basco, Paita, Tumbez, Talcahuana, Cartliagena,
Sabaiullo, Onioa, Guyaquil, Cobija, Montevideo,
Tihita, Bay of Islands, Apia, Lanthala; com-
mercial agents at San Juan del Norte, Port au
Prince, San Domingo, (city,) St. Paul de Loando,
(Angola,) Monrovia, Gaboon, Cape Haytien,
Aux Cayes, and Amoor river, two hundred and
sixty-eight thousand seven hundred and fifty dol-
lars.
For interpreters for the consulates in Glima,
three thousand dollars.
For compensation of the commissioner, secre-
tary, chief astronomer and surveyor, assistant as-
tronomer and surveyor, clerk,and for provisions,
transportation, and contingencies of the commis-
sion to run and mark the.boundary line between
the United States and the British possessions
bounding on Washington Territory, one hundred
and fifty thousand dollars.
To enable the President of the United States to
carry into effect the act of Congress of third March,
eighteen hundred and nineteen, and any subse-
quent acts now in force for the suppression of the
slave trade, forty thousand dollars.
For expenses incurred under instructions from
the Secretary of State, in bringing home from
foreign countries persons charged with crime, and
expenses incident thereto, ten thousand dollars.
To enable the Secretary of State to defray the
cost of a prison-ship at Canton, in China, from
the first day of January, eighteen hundred and
fifty-four, to the first day of January, eighteen
hundred and fifty-seven, and for compensation of
the marshal of the consular court at Canton from
January one, eighteen hundred arid fifty-four, to
fifteenth December, eighteen hundred and,fifty-
seven, four thousand seven hundred and sixty
dollars, or so much thereof as may be necessary.
For compensation of commissioner to China
and the consuls at the five ports in China, viz.:
Kwang-chow, Amoy, Fu-chow, Ningpo, and
Shanghae, from the first of July, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-five, to the thirty-first of Decem-
ber, eighteen hundred and fifty-six, nine thousand
dollars.
Approved, May 26, 1860.
Chap. LXI.—An Act to settle the Titles to cer-
tain Lands set apartfor the use of certain Half-
Breed Kansas Indians, in Kansas Territory.
"Whereas by the sixth article of a treaty made
and concluded at the city of St. Louis, in the State
of Missouri, 011 the third day of June, eighteen
hundred and twenty-five, between the United
States of America and the Kansas nation of In-
dians, there was reserved from the lands ceded by
said treaty to the United States by said Kansas
nation of Indians, one mile square of land for each
of the hall-breeds of the Kansas nation named in
the said sixth article, which land has been sur-
veyed and allotted to each of the said half-breeds
111 the order in which they are named in, and in
accordance with, the provisions of the said sixth
ai tide of said treaty: Therefore,
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That all the title, interest, and estate
of the United States is hereby vested in the said
reservees who are nowliving, to the land reserved,
set apart, and allotted to them, respectively, by
the said sixth article of said treaty; and in case
any of the said reservees named in the said sixth
article are deceased, and leaving' heirs, then all
the title, interest, or estate of the United States to
the land allotted to such deceased reservees, is
hereby vested and confirmed in such persons as
shall by the Secretary of the Interior be decided
to be the heirs of such deceased reservees; but
nothing herein contained shall be construed to
give any force, efficacy, or binding effect to any
contract, ill writing or othciwise, for the sale or
disposition of any lands named in this act, here-
tofore made by any of said reservees or their
heirs.
Sec. 2. And he U further enacted, That in case
of any of the reservees now living, or the heirs
of any deceased reservees, shall not desire to re-
side upon, or occupy the lands to which such
reservees or such heirs are entitled by the provis-
ions of this act, the Secretary of the Interior,
when requested by them, or either of them, so to
do, is hereby authorized to sell such lands be-
longing to those so requesting him, for the benefit
of such reservees, or such heirs; and the Secre-
tary of the Interior is also authorized to sell, with
the assent of the Kansas nation of Indians, the
lands allotted to the reservees who are deceased
leaving no heirs, for the benefit of the living res-
ervees, their heirs, and the heirs of those deceased,
equally; said tends to be sold in accordance with
such rules anui-egulations as may be presciibed
by the Commissions of Indian Affairs, and ap-
proved by [the] Secretary of the Interior; and
patents in the .usual form shall be issued to the
purchasers of said lands, in accordance with the
provisions of this act. , ; •.
Sec. 3. Jlnd be it further enacted. That the-pro-
ceeds of the land, the sale of which is provided
for by this act, shall bo paid to the parties entitled
thereto, or applied by the Secretary of the Intg*
rior for their benefit, in such manner as ho may
think most advantageous to their interests;
Approved, May 26, 1860. - " •
Chap. LXJI.—An Act to authorize the-President
of the United States, in conjunction with the
State of California, to run ana mark the Bound-
ary Lines between the Territories of the Uni-
ted States and the State of California.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the President of the United Stated
be, and he hereby is, authorized and empowered
to appoint a suitable person or persons, who, in
conjunction with such person or persons as may
be appointed on behalf of the State of California
for the same purpose, shall run and mark the
boundary lines between the Territories of the"
United States and the State of California; com-
mencing- at the point of intersection of the forty-
sccond degree of north latitude with the one hun-
dred and twentieth degree of longitude west from
Greenwich, and running south on the line of said
onehundrcd and twentieth degree of westlongitude
until it intersects the thirty-ninth degree of noith
latitude; thence running in a straight line in a!
southeasterly direction to the river Colorado at a
point where it intersects the thirty-fifth degree of
north latitude.
Sec . 2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That such land-
marks shall be established at the said point of
beginning, and at the other corncrs and on the
several lines of said boundary as may be agreed
011 by the President of the United States, or those
acting under his authority, and the said State of
California, or those acting under its authority:
Provided, That the person or persons appointed
and employed on the part and bchaif of the State
of California are to be paid by the said State:
Provided, further, That 110 persons except ft su-
perintendent 01- commissioner shall be appointed
or employed in this service by the United States^
but such as are required to make the necessary
observations and surveys, to ascertain such line
and crect suitable monuments thereon,and make
return of the same.
Approved, May 26, 1860.
Chap.LXIV.—An Act authorizing the Domes-
tic and Foreign Missionary Society of the Prot-
estant Episcopal Church in the United States
to enter a certain tract of land in the State of
Wisconsin.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Domestic and Foreign Mis-
sionary Society of the Protestant Episcopal Church
in the United States be, and is hereby, author-
ized to enter, at the rate of one dollar and twenty-
five cents per acre, a certain tract of land known
as the Mission Farm, and numbered as lot
number eighteen, on the east bank of Fox river,
near Green Bay, State of Wisconsin, having a
front 011 Fox river of six chains, and running
eastwardly back from the river, between parallel
lines, one hundred and fifty-four and sixty-nine
hundredths chains, and containing ninety-two and
eighty-one hundredths superficial acrcs.
Approved, June 1, 1860.
Chap. LXV.—An Act making Appropriations
for the support of the Military Academy for
the year ending the thirtieth of June, eighteen
hundred and sixty-one.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America inCongress
assembled, That the following sums be, and the
same are hereby appropriated, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for
the support of the Military Academy for the year
ending the thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred and
sixty-one:
For pay of officers, instructors, cadets, and mu-
sicians, one hundred and sixteen thousand and
ninety-six dollars.
