THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Sixth Congress, 1st Session.
THURSDAY, MARCH 1, 1860.
New Series No. 57.
the resolution of the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Carter] does personally reflect upon me,
forthe reason thatit censures the jointcommittpe
of arrangements of the two Houses of Congress,
of which committee I was a member.
Mr. GILMER. I suppose this question has
now been disposed of, and I rise to a question of
parliamentary privilege.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that the
matter mentioned does not involve a question of
personal privilege.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I have not stated
my question of personal privilege. It is charged
in that articlc of the Tribune that I was chairman
of that committee of arrangements; when the truth
is, sir, as you know, that I was neither chairman
nor a member of the committee.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I call the gentleman from
New York to order.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. State your point
of order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has stated re-
peatedly that he decides that the matter mentioned
does not involve a question of personal privilege;
and the gentleman from New York is not in order
in debating that question, unless he lias, for so
doing, the unanimous consent of the House.
Mr. GILMER. I rise, not to a question of
personal, but to a question of parliamentary priv-
ilege.
Mr. BURNETT. I apprehend that the Speaker
is correct when he decides that, merely upon an
article from a newspaper read in the House, no
gentleman can rise to a personal explanation. I
think, myself, that such a matter does not involve
either a question of privilege or a privileged ques-
tion. But, sir, the point to which 1 desire to call
your attention is this 
Mr. LOVEJOY I call the gentleman from
Kentucky to order. The Chair has decided all
this debate to be out of order. _
Mr. GILMER. Then I insist on being heard;
for, Mr. Speaker, I rise to a question, not of per-
sonal, but of parliamentary privilege.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. "With all personal
respect for the Speaker, if we are not to be heard,
I take an appeal from the decision of the Chair to
the judgment of the House.
Mr. BURNETT. I desire to call the attention
of the Chair, with a view to settling this point of
order correctly, to a single suggestion; and to do
that is the only motive which induces mc to seek
the floor.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I call the gentleman
to order. This question is not debatable.
Mr. BURNETT. If the gentleman has any
knowledge at all of parliamentary practice and
rules, he will take his seatand allowme to proceed.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I know, when the
Speaker decides a question to be out oforder, and
debate to be out of order, that debate is not in
order on that question.
Mr. BARR. I call the gentleman from Illinois
to order.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. The Chair decides
that the question I raise is not one of personal
privilege; and I take an appeal from that decision.
The SPEAKER. Then the question now is,
" Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the judg-
ment of the House?"
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I demand tellers
on that question.
Tellers wore ordered.
Mr. CONKLING. I move that the appeal be
laid upon the table.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. 1 demand tellers
on that motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Olim and
Wixslow were appointed.
Mr. WHITELEY. Let me ask the Speaker a
question: can the House be discharged from the
further consideration of the subject of the seventh
regiment of New York city?
The SPEAKER. No motion is in order while
the House is dividing.
The question was taken; and the appeal from
the decision of the Chair was laid upon the table;
57
the tellers having reported—ayes eighty-six, noes
not counted.
Mr. GILMER. I rise to a question of privi-
lege—of parliamentary privilege.
Mr. 'BURNETT. And I rise to a question of
privilege. I want to know, sir, by what right
the Speaker of this House takes the floor from a
gentleman who was recognized by him, and upon
the floor stating his point of order, without a hear-
ing from, that gentleman, and without the Chair
listening to the point made by which to enable
him to properly determine his action? I was rec-
ognized by the Chair, and t was upon the floor,
stating my question of order. I called the Speak-
er's attention to my point; and then, without my
question of order being decided by the Speaker,
he took the floor from me, and put the question
upon the motion of the gentleman from New York
to lay the appeal upon the table.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from North
Carolina will waive his question for a moment
until the gentleman from Kentucky is heard. The
Chair did recognize the gentleman from Kentucky,
and did give him the floor.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. After the Speaker gave
the gentleman the floor, I rose and called the gen-
tleman from Kentucky to order, for the reason
that the Chair had decided tkat the question raised
was not a question of personal privilege, and that
it was therefore not in ord«jr to debate it. There-
upon it was that the question was put to the House
on the motion to lay upon the table
Mr. BARR. I call the gentleman from Illinois
to order.
Mr. BURNETT. The gentleman from Illinois
was neither recognized nor ln>ard by the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state his
point of order.
Mr. BURNETT. I desire, sir, to move that
the gentleman from New Jersey, [Mr. Adrain,]
one of the joinUcommittee of arrangements on the
occasion of the inauguration of the equestrian
statue of Washington, be heard upon the matters
involved in the resolution of the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Carter,] and which reflect upon
and censure that committee. I think justice de-
mands that that should be done.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I object.
Mr. BURNETT. I desire to make a single
suggestion to the Chair before he decides the ques-
tion, and it is this: the resolution offered by the
gentleman from New York involved the character
and conduct of a committee of this House.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I rise to a question of
order.
Mr. BARR. And I call the gentleman from
Illinois to order.
Mr. BURNETT. I am stating a question of
order myself, and I hope the Chair will hearme.
The gentleman is mistaken if he thinks he can
take the floor from me, for only one question of
order can be raised at one time, and I have made [
mine first, and it, therefore, has precedence. I
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state his j
question of order |
Mr. BURNETT. The question I desire to j
submit is tlus: that resolution having gone into !
the proceedings of this House, and constituting, j
as it does, a part of the record of our debate, hav- j
ing been published and gained notoriety m the
country 
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Is this question de-
batable?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that it is
not debatable if objected to.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Then I object.
Mr. BURNETT. I think I have a right to be
heard. I cannot understand why gentlemen of
the other side di e unwilling to let appear a reluta-
tion of the charges contained in that resolution.
Mr. F AR NSWORTH. I call the gentleman
to order.
Mr. CARTER. If the House will suspend the
rules and let my resolution come in, then gentle-
men of the other side can make their explanation.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky is mistaken if he is of the belief that the
resolution of the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Carter] is before the House, for it is not before
the House, having been objected to when it was
offered to be introduced.
K. L. B. CLARK.
Mr. GILMER. I rise to a question of privilege.
The petition and papers in the case of R. L. B.
Clark were referred to the Committee of Elections,
when, in the judgment of that committee, they
more properly belong to the Committee of Claims.
The Committee of Elections has as much as it
can possibly attend to without looking into claims
on the Government. I therefore, under direction
of that committee, submit the following resolution,
and hope it will be adopted :
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee of Elections disciiar7r<xl
from the further consideration of the petition of R. L. 1?.
Clark, contestant m the Thirty-Fourth Congress for the seat
of Hon. Augustus Hall, Representative of the fir«t district
of the State of Jowa, for mileage and per diem; and that the
same be referred to the Committee of Claims.
The resolution was adopted,
ELECTION OF PRINTER.
Mr. BOYCE. I call for the regular order of
business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the execution of the special order for the
election of Printer.
Mr. CARTER. I wish to say a word..
Mr. WRIGHT. I object.
Mr. CARTER. If the House will suspend its
rules, I will submit the resolution referred to; so
that the gentleman from New Jersey may be heard
upon it.
Mr. WRIGHT. I move that there be a call
of the House.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
The roll was called, when the following mem-
bers failed to answer to their names:
Messrd. Bcale,Bonhani,Brown, Burch, HoraceF.Clark,
Clemen*. Reuben Davi?, Delano. English, Frank, Hale.
Uaskin, Hill. Jackson, Kent, Kenjon. Kunkel, Lamar,
Mallorv, Montgomery, Ldbau T. Moore, Palmci, Potter,
Run, Scranton, Steven*, Tappan, Taylor, Vance, Wood,
and \Voodson.
During the call,
Mr. KILGORE stated thatMr. Hamilton* was
paired off with Mr. Guri.ey.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin, stated that
Mr. "Potter was detained from the House by se-
vere indisposition, and that he had paired off with
Air. Da-v ids ok.
Mr. ASHMORE stated that Mr. Keitt was
paired off with Mr. Tappan.
Mr, REYNOLDS stated that Mr. Haskin was
paired with Mr. Burch until next Friday at twelve
o'clock, ni.
Mr. McGlUEEN. I desire to say that I first
paired off Mr. Vandever with Mr. Keitt; but
by a subsequent arrangement, Mr. Keitt was
paired off with Mr. Tappan, and Mr. Vandever's
pair was transferred to Mr."Bonham. "
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri, stated that Mr. Jack-
son was paired off with Mr. Thayer.
CONTESTED-ELECTION CASE.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented to the House testimony taken in the con-
tested-election case from Kentucky; which was
referred to the Committee of Elections, and or-
dered to be printed.
THIRTEENTH VOTE FOE PRINTER.
Mr. COLFAX. Before proceeding to the vote
I desire to say that I am authorized to withdraw
the name of Mr. Defrees.
The House then proceeded to a thirteenth vote
for Printer, with the foliowingresuit: Whole num-
ber of votes cast, 197; necessary to a choice, 99; of
which—
Mr. Glo-*brenuer received   81
Mr. Ford   65
Mr. Kidi 31
Mr. Seaton 14
Mr. Deft   2
Mr.    2
Mr. Ilolloway.   1
Mr. Coombs  1
So there was no election.
