I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
Laws of the United States.
36th Cong.... 1st Sbss.
For the third five years after the date of his
commission, one thousand four hundred dollars.
After fifteen years after the date of his commis-
sion, one thousand five hundred dollars.
Every first assistant engineer on duty, one thou-
sand two hundred and fifty dollars.
While on leave or waiting orders, nine hundred
dollars.
Every second assistant engineer on duty, one
thousand dollars.
While on leave or waiting orders, seven hun-
dred and fifty dollars.
Every third assistant engineer on duty, seven
hundred and fifty dollars.
While on leave or waiting orders, six hundred
dollars.
Warranted Officers.—Every boatswain, gunner,
carpenter, and sail-maker, 011 duty at sea, for the
first three years' sea-service after the date of his
warrant, one thousand dollars.
For the second three years'sea-service after the
date of his warrant, one thousand one hundred
and fifty dollars.
For the third three years' sea-service after the
date of his warrant, one thousand two hundred
and fifty dollars.
For the fourth three years' sea-service after the
date of his warrant, one thousand three hundred
and fifty dollars.
For twelve years' sea-service and upwards, one
thousand four hundred and fifty dollars.
When on other duty:
For the first three years'of sea-service after the
date of [his] warrant, eight hundred dollars.
For the second throe years' sea-service after the
date of his warrant, nine hundred dollars.
For the third three years' sea-service after the
date of his warrant, one thousand dollars.
For the fourth three years' sea-service after the
date of his warrant, one thousand one hundred
dollars.
For twelve years' sea-service and upwards, one
thousand two hundred dollars.
When 011 leave or waiting orders:
For the first three years' sea-service after the
date of his warrant, six hundred dollars.
For the second three years' sea-service after the
date of his warrant, seven hundred dollars.
For the third three years' sea-service after the
date of his warrant, eight hundred dollars.
For the fourth three years' sea-service after the
date of his warrant, nine hundred dollars.
For twelve years' sea-service and upwards, one
thousand dollars.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That nothing
in this act contained shall be so construed as to
increase or modify the present pay of chiefs of
bureaus 111 the Navy Department, with whom
shall be classed the present Superintendent of the
NavalObservatory: Provided, Thattheofficcrnow
charged with experiments in gunnery at the navy-
yard, Washington, shall receive the sea-service
pay of the grade now next ahove him.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That hereafter
no service shall be regarded as sea-service but such
as shall be performed at sea under the orders of a
Department, and in vessels employed by authority
of law.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That nothing
in this act contained shall be held to modify or
affect the existing power of the Secretary of the
Navy to furlough officers or to affect the furlough
pay.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the in-
creased pay hereinbefore provided for masters
shall attach to masters not in the line of promo-
tion, whether on the active or reserved list; and
officers on the reserved list, when called into active
service, shall receive the pay of their respective
grades as herein provided during the term of such
service: Provided, That nothing herein contained
shall be construed to change or modify the present
pay of officers on the reserved list, cither on leave
or furlough.
Approved, June 1, 1860.
Chap. LXXVII.—An Act directing the convey-
ance of a Lot of Ground for the use of the Public
Schools of the City of Washington.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That the Commissioner of Public Build-
ings be directed to convey to the corporation of
the city of Washington, in the District of Colum-
bia, all the right, title, and interest of the United
States in and to that certain piece or parcel of land
marked and designated upon the map of said city
as lot numbered fourteen, in square numbered two
hundred and fifty-three, for. the use of the public
schools thereof, and for no other purpose: Pro-
vided, That said lot shall not be sold, assigned, or
conveyed or diverted, by the said corporation, for
any other purpose than the one contemplated by
this act.
Approved, June 5, 1860.
Chap. LXXIX.—A n Act for the Relief of certain
Settlers in the State of Iowa.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the east half of section eight,
section seventeen, and the east half of section
eighteen, and section thirty-three, section thirty-
fo#r, the southwest quarter of section twenty-
seven, and the southeast quarter of section twen-
ty-eight, in township ninety-six north, of range
nine west, in the State of Iowa, formerly reserved
for Fort Atkinson and an Indian agency, and
since released and abandoned, as being no longer
needed for public uses, shall be, and the same are
hereby declared to be, subject to the ordinary dis-
position of the public lands, in the same manner
and on the same conditions as are provided by
law; and that such persons as may have settled
thereon prior to the passage of this act, and who
would have been entitled to the right of preemp-
tion under the act of September four, eighteen
hundred and forty-one, had the reservation not
been made, shall be entitled to preempt their
claims in accordance with the provisions of said
act, by making proof, payment, and entry at the
proper district office, within twelve months after
its approval: Provided, That if two or more of
such persons were actually residing upon the
same quarter quarter section, or any smaller legal
subdivision, at the date of the abandonment of
said reservation, the same may be entered by
them jointly: Provided further, That no declara-
tory statement shall be required of said settlers.
Approved, June 7,1860.
Ciiap. LXXXIII.—An Act for the Relief of John
W. Taylor and certain other Assignees of Pre-
emption Land Locations.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That all assignments of preemption
bounty land warrant locations at any of the land
offices in the United States, made in good faith
since the nineteenth day. of October, eighteen
hundred and fifty-two, and prior to the twenty-
first of May, eighteen hundred and fifty-six, under
instructions from the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office of the former date, be, and the
same are hereby, declared valid; and the Secre-
tary of the Interior is hereby authorized to cause
patents to be issued in the name of the assignee
on all such locations as now remain suspended
and have not been patented.
Approved, June 7, 1860.
Chap. LXXXIV.—An Act to pay to the State of
Missouri the amount expended by said State
in repelling the Invasion of the Osage Indians.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and hereby is, directed to pay to the State of Mis-
souri, out of any money 111 the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, the sum of nineteen thou-
sand and eighty-four dollars and eight cents, being
the amount of money expended by said State in
repelling the invasion of the Osage Indians in
eighteen hundred and thirty-seven.
Approved, June 9, 1860.
Chap. LXXXV.—An Act to change the times
for holding the terms of the District Court of
the United States for the Northern District of
Alabama.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That hereafter the terms of the district
court of the United States for the northern district
of Alabama shall commence on the third Mon-
days of May and November, respectively, in
every year, instead 0^ the times now provided by
law.
Sec . 2. And be it further enacted. That every
process, bond, recognizance, or obligation which
has been, or may be, made returnable to the said
court on the second Monday of November next,
shall be returnable on the third Monday of No-
vember next, and shall have the same force and
effect as if it had been made returnable on the
third Monday of November next.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the said
court in term time, or the judge of said court in
vacation, may order a special term of said eourt
to be held at such time as the eourt or judge may
appoint. Notice of the time of holding such spe-
cial term shall be given by the clerk of the couft,
by advertisement in some newspaper published
in the city of Huntsville,at least once a week for
four weeks next preceding the time appointed for
holding such special term.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That all laws
and parts of laws contrary to the provisions of
this act be, and the same are hereby, repealed.
Approved, June 9, 1860.
Chap. CXIV.—An Act to liquidate the unad-
justed Contracts of the Tennessee River Im-
provement.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That all contracts made by the duly
authorized officers of the Government, appointed
under the act of Thirty-Second Congress making
an appropriation of fifty thousand dollars for the
improvement of the Tennessee river, shall be au-
dited by the accounting officers #f the Treasury,
and paid out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated.
Approved, June 12, 1860.
Chap. CXV.—An Act toauthorize the Levy Court
f to issue Tavern and other Licenses in the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled. That the authority now exercised by
the circuit court of the county of Washington,
in the District of Columbia, under and by virtue
of the ninth section of the act of Congress, entitled
"An act additional to and amendatory of an act
entitled ' An act concerning the District of Co-
lumbia,'" approved May third, eighteen hun-
dred and two, so far as the same relate to the
licensing taverns and ordinaries, be, and the same
is hereby, so transferred as to authorize the levy
court of Washington county, in the District of
Columbia, to grant licenses to keepers of taverns
and ordinaries, to hawkers and peddlers, billiard
tables, bowling saloons, and auctioneers, in that
part of the county of Washington beyond the
corporate limits of the cities of Washington and
Georgetown, under such restrictions and penal-
ties as the said levy court may by law deem
expedient.
Approved, June 12, 1860.
Chap. CXYI.—An Act to reimburse the Corpo-
ration of Georgetown, in the District of Colum-
bia, a sum of money advanced towards the
construction of the Little Falls Bridge.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the sum of four thousand six
hundred dollars be, and the same is hereby, ap-
propriated, to be paid out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to repay
to the Corporation of Georgetown, in the District
of Columbia, all moneys heretofore advanced by
the said Corporation for and towards the con-
struction of the bridge over the Potomac, at the
point known as the Little Falls. And the said
Corporation of Georgetown, by accepting the pro-
visions of this act, shall waive and surrender all
further claim or demand 011 the Government of
the United States, founded on any advancement
of money or other thing towards the object herein
specified for any purpose whatsoever. This act
