1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
899
Fenton. Ferry, Foster, French, Gilmer. Gooch. Grow, Gur-
le\, Ilalo. Hall, Hardeman. J. Morrison flan i*. Hatton. HpL
m'ick, IIill, Hoard, Humphrey. Uutchins, Irvine, Francis
W. Kellogg, Wiiham Kellogg, K.ilgorc,KUlinger, DeWitt C.
Leach, Jame>M. Leach, Lec.Lonijnecker.Loomis. Love-
joy, Mamon. Charles D. Martin, McKean, MeKnight, Mc-
Plierson, Millward. Moorhead, Morrill, Edward Joy Morris,
Mor^e, Nelson, Oltn, Perry, Peuit, Peyton, Porter, Pottle,
Reynold, Ric*', Itigqs, Christopher itobmson, Koyce,
Schwartz,Sherman, Somes, Spajikkns, Spinner. Stanton,
Stoker, Stratum, Theaker, Tom plans, Trimble. Van VVyck,
Verree, Wade, Waldron, Walton, (Jadwalader C Wash-
burn, LJlihu IJ. Wa«,hburne, Israel Wabhbum, Webster,
Wella, Wilson, Windom, and Woodruff—108.
So the amendment was not agreed to".
During the vote,
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland, when his name
was cailcd, said: I do not wish, Mr. Speaker, to
vote ignorantly on this proposition. should
like to know who would do the printing of the
House if it were agreed to. If the gentleman who
moved the amendment will be kind enough to in-
form me on that point, I shall be better prepared
to vote. 1 vote " no," on a general principle.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. If the question is de-
batable 1 will be happy to answer. [Cries from
the Democratic benches, "Yes," "Let him an-
swer."] 1 expect that the printing of the House
will be done m the same manner as it has been
done heretofore. I do not think we will suffer as
much by the postponement as we have suffered
from having the matter eternally up.
Several Democrats. That is right. We will
save money by it.
The vote having been announced as above,
The SPEAKER suited that the question re-
curred on Mr. Grow's amendment to postpone
the election of Printer till Monday next at one
o'clock.
Mr. GROW. If the motion to postpone be
insisted on, I will change my amendment so as
to make it Friday next instead of Monday, os
Friday in the day for private business.
Mr. FLORENCE Oh, no; do not interfere
with private bills; we will take up the Private
Calendar on Friday. Make it to-morrow week.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. No postpone-
ment. Let us get through with the election to-day •
[Criesof *r Call the roll!"]
Mr. HOUSTON. I move to postpone till next
Monday, instead of till next Friday. I do not
want private bill day to be taken up with this
matter.
Mr. STANTON. Let us take another vote
to-day.
Mr. PEYTON. I move to amend ky inserting
Wednesday next.
Mr. WINSLOW. That is an amendment in
the third degree, and is not in order.
Mr. PEYTON. Well, I hope the gentleman
from Alabama will accept my amendment.
Mr. HOUSTON insisted on his amendment.
The SPEAKER held Mr. Peyton's amend-
ment to be m order.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I wish to inquire
whether, if a motion be made to lay the proposi-
tion to postpone on the table, that motion would
have any further effect than to lay the proposition
to postpone on the table?
The SPEAKER. The Chair hardly supposes
that that motion would be in order. The Chair
understands the practice of the House to have
been otherwise. The motion now before the
House is the amendment of the gentleman from
Kentucky, [Mr. Peyton,] to postpone the elec-
tion of Printer till Wednesday next.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was not agreed to.
The question recurred on Mr. Houston's
amendment to postpone till Monday next; and it
was not agreed to.
The question recurred on Mr. Grow's motion
to postpone till Friday, at one o'clock; and it was
hot agreed to.
The question recurred on Mr. Florence's mo-
tion to postpone the election of Printer till to-
morrow.
Mr. FLORENCE. I do not desire to interfere
with the election. [Cries of "Call the roll!"] If
the gentlemen upon the other side think they can
concentrate their votes sufficiently to elect a
Printer, I am sure I do not want to be an obstacle
in their way. I therefore withdraw my motion.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I move that the
House do now adjourn.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. KILGORE. Before we proceed to vote,
I again place in nomination John D. Defrees, of
Indiana.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I think it is now
very evident that there will be no election to-day.
I move, therefore, that the House do noAr adjourn.
[Cries of "No!" "No!" from the Republican
benchesj
Mr. FLORENCE. If there is to be any of
this nonsense, we may as well adjourn. [Cries
of" Call the roll!"]
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. As gentlemen op-
posite seem to think there can be an election, I
will withdraw my motion. [Cries of " Call the
roll"']
Mr. FLORENCE. I move that there be a call
of the House. I find that many gentlemen upon
our side havo left the House, under the impres-
sion that the election would be postponed, lask,
therefore, in fairness, that we may have a call of
the House. I am always a fair man, and I only
want an opportunity for our friends to be here. I
call for the yeas and nays on my motion.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The House refused to order a call.
ELECTION OF A PRINTER.
The House then proceeded to vote viva voce the
sixteenth time for Printer, with the following re-
sult: Whole number of votes cast, 185; necessary
to a choice, 93; of which—
Mr. Foul received 93
Mr. Glos&bjenner   ~1
Mr. Seatou J8
Mr. Ball  2
Mr. Wmtoii   1
The following is the vote in detail:
Far Mr. Ford—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Aklrich, Alloy,
"William U. Andei&on, Babbitt, Bimjham, Bhur, Blake,
Bray ton, Buffinton, Builmgame, Burnham, Buitcrfield,
Campbell, Carey, Carter, Ca^e, Colfax, Corwm, Uovode,
Curtis, Dawes, Dueil, Dunn, Ldgerion, Edwards, Eliot,
Fariisworthj Fenton. fYrry, Fo>tej, Fienetj, Gooch. Grow,
Guiley, Hale, Hall, Ilelmick. Hoard, Humphre} . Hutching,
Irvine. Francis W. Kelloirii. William Kellogg, Kilgoie, Kil-
liii^er.'DeAVitt C. Leaeh,Vee, Longneckei, Loomis,Love-
joy, Marion. MeKean, MeKiusht, MiThei.-on, Milhvard,
Mooihead, Morrill, Edward Joy Mmn*. Moive, Nixon,
Olm, Pcirv, Pettit, Porter, Reynolds Rice, Christopher
Robinson, Kovee, bclnvartz. Sedgwick, ^hetman, koines,
Spaulding, Spinner, Stanton, Stratton, Theakor, Tomp-
kins, Trimble, Van Wvck, Verree, Wade, Waldron, Wal-
ton, CadwaladcrC. Washburn, Ellihu B. W;u?hbnrne, Is-
rael Washburn, Wells, Wilson, Wmdom, Woodruff, and
Mr. Speaker.
For Mr. Glossbrcnner—Messrs. Allen,Thomas L. Ander-
son, Ashtnoie, Avery, Barksdale, Bair, Bairett, Uocock,
Bouhgny, Bovee, Biahciu Burnett, John B. Clark, C'iopton.
Cobb, John Cocln.mc, Co\,Jame^ Craig, Buiton Ciaige,
Ciawfoid, Currv, John G. Davis, Reuben Davis, De Jar-
nette. Edmund^on, Florence, Gartrell. Hamilton, John T.
Harris, li.iwkm-, Ifmdman, Hohnan, Houston, Howard,
Huahe«, Jenkm-., Jones, Landnim. Leake, Logan, Love,
Mac-lav, Charles D. Martin, Libert S. Martm, McQueen,
Mellae, Miles, Svdenham Moore, Isaac N. Morris. Nelson,
Noell, Pendleton, Peyton, Phelps, Push, Reagan. Risgs,
James C. Ilobmson, Sickles, Swim-*. Singleton. William
Smith, Stall worth, Stevenson, Stout, Ta>lor, Thomas,
Underwood, Vallandiyhani. Wmslow, and Wright.
For Mr. Scaton— Me«rs. Green Adams, Bonder, Brab-
pon, Biiggs. Biistow, Giimcr, Hardeman, H.itton, Hill,
James M. Leach, Maynard, Millson, Pryor, Quarles. Wil-
liam NT. PL Smith. Stokes. Vance, and Wobstei
For Mr. Ball— Messrs. II Winter Davis, and Etheridge.
For Mr. Winton—Mr. Adrain.
During the vote,
Mr. KILGORE said, that at the solicitation
of gentlemen around him, he would withdraw the
nomination of Mr. Defrees.
Mr. FARNSWORTH, when his name was
called, said: I was asked a moment since what
the effect would be, if we postponed the election
of Printer. I have examined the statutes, and
find that it would simplyl^avethe House without
a regular Printer; and that in such a ease, the
Committee on Printing would have the whole
control of the subject—[Cries of " Order!" and
" Go on with the call."]
Mr. MOORHEAD said: I was paired off with
Mr. Lamar, who is ^absent, but I had the privi-
lege of transferring the pair, and as my colleague,
Mr. Scranton, is absent, 1 have transferred the
pair to him for to-day. I vote for Mr. Ford.
Mr. JCJNKIN stated that he had paired off
with Mr. Montgomery on the election of Printer
only.
The tellers having reported the result of the
vote as above recorded,
The SPEAKER declared thatTnoMAs H.Ford
having received a majority of all the votes cast,
was duly elected Printer of the House of Repre-
sentatives for the Thirty Sixth Congress.
DEATH OF IIOX. CYKU3 SPINK. *
Mr. BLAKE. Mr. Speaker, from a sense of
duty, and in obedience to a custom which has ob-
tained here, 1 rise to announce the death of Hon.
Cyrus Spink, a member elect, at the time of his
decease, of the Thirty-Sixth Congress, from the
fourteenth congressional district of the State of
Ohio. He died at Wooster, in the county of
Wayne, on the 31st day of May, 1859. He was
born m Berkshire county, State of Massachusetts,
on the 24th day of March, 1793, and had, at the
time of his death, attained to the age of sixty-seven
years. ^
Mr. Spink was from that old revolutionary
stock which now, unfortunately for our country,
are mostly gone to their reward. Shibnah Spink,
the father of Cyrus, served in the war of the Rev-
olution, and was at that bloody struggle known
as the battle of Long Island, and a prominent
actor in those memorable scenes of suffering, pri-
vation, and patriotic endurance, which occurred
in that gloomy period of our nation's history,
while the American aimy was in winter quarters
at Yalley Forge in 1777-78.
It was by the teachings of a father, who had
been taught by Washington to make all needful
sacrificcs upon the altar of liberty, for the good of
his country, that Cyrus Spink was prepared for
usefulness. His parents were of the Quaker de-
nomination, and his father one of the few of that
belief who took up arms in defense of the self-
evident truth that all men are created equal.
At an early age, in the spring of 1815, Cyrus
Spink, without money, or friends to accompany
him, left his father's house to find a home and
fiiends in the State of Ohio; on that soil which
had been consecrated to liberty by the ordinance
of Congress of 1787. In that then wilderness
country, Cyrus Spink found ample scope for the
honest impulses of his nature. He made several
excursions through the State, and was engaged
for a time in teaching school at Kendall, m Stark
county. It was at Kendall the Hon. Joseph H.
Larwill, surveyor for the county of Wayne, be-
came acquainted with Mr. Spink., and, being im-
pressed with his talents and honesty, at once
appointed him deputy county surveyor, which
was in the fall of 1815.
The appointment and oath of office bear date
October 18, 1815; and he continued to act as dep-
uty county surveyor under Mr. Larwill until De-
cember, 1816.
The surveys and records of the county of
Wayne, in the handwriting of Mr. Spink, show
that'Mr. Larwill had the faculty, m an eminent
degree, to discover the right man for the place. In
December, 1816, he was appointed county sur-
veyor, and continued to fill that post to December,
1831. During a part of this last-named period, he
was also district surveyor; and in the mean time,
from September 28, 1820, to October 15,1821, he
performed the duties of county auditor.
On the 19th day of February, 1819, he was mar-
ried to Nancy Campbell Beall, daughter of Gen-
eral Reason Beall, with whom, to the day of his
death, a period of more than forty years, he had
lived in the enjoyment of all those domestic com-
forts which cluster about and make home desir-
able.
In the year 1821, he was elected a member of the
House of Representatives of the Legislature of
Ohio, and faithfully served the people of the county
of Wayne in that capacity during the session of
1821-22. During a portion of the time from 1816
to 1822, Mr. Spink was employed in the land office
at Wooster; and from 1822 to 1824 he wasengaged
with General Reason Beall in theregister'soffice.
On the resignation of General Beall in 1824, he was
i appointed his successor. His first commission as
register bears the signature of President Monroe,
and is dated January 14, 1824. He was reap-
pointed by President John Q,uincy Adams for four
years, by commission bearing <iate January 28,
1828. Mr. Spink was one of the presidential elect-
ors for the State of Ohio in 1844; and as such, cast
the vote of the State for Kentucky Ss honored states-
man, Henry Clay, for President of the United
States. He was a member of the State hoard of
equalization for the State of Ohio in 3846. He
| was a delegate to the national Whig convention
| in 1852. Ho wasappointed by Governor Chase, in
; 1850, one of the directors of tlie Ohio penitentiary;
1 and on the second Tuosday of October, 1858, n6
: was elected by a large majority of the people of the
