m
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 13,
36th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
shall commence and be in force from and after its
passage.
Approved, June 12, 1860.
Chap. CXVII.—An Act to Incorporate thcGrand
Lodge of the Independent Order of Odd Fellows
of the District of Columbia.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That John Thaw, George Brown, C.
J. Wright, JohnT. Bangs, Martin Johnson, and
others, the officers and members of the Grand
Lodge of the Independent Order of Odd Fellows
of the District of Columbia, and their successors,
be, and they are hereby, incorporated and made
a body politic and corporate, by the name of the
Grand Lodge of the Independent Order of Odd
Fallows of the District of Columbia; and by that
name may sue and be sued, plead and be im-
pleaded, in any court of law or equity, and may
nave and use a common seal, and the same change
at pleasure, and be entitled to use and exercise
the powers, rights, and privileges incident to such
corporation.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the said
corporation shall be capable of taking and holding
real and personal estate not exceeding in value
the sum of fifty thousand dollars; which estate,
personal and real, shall never be divided among
the members of the corporation, but shall descend
to their successors, for the promotion of the be-
nevolent purposes of said corporation.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That this cor-
poration shall have power to alter and amend their
constitution and by-laws at pleasure: Provided,
That they do not conflict with the laws of the
United States, or the laws of the Corporation of
"Washington city.
Sec. 4. Jlnd b^it further enacted, That said cor-
poration shall not exercise banking privileges, or
issue or put in circulation bank notes, or any
note, paper, token, scrip, or device to be used as
currency.
See. 5. Jlnd be it further enacted, That this act
shali continue in force until Congress shall by law
determine otherwise.
Approved, June 12, I860.
responsible therefor, and suits at law or in equity
may be commenced against said last mentioned
corporation the same us if said debts had been
originally incurred by it.
Approved, June 13, 1860.
Chap. CXX.—An Act to dissolve the Washing-
ton's Manual Labor School and Male Orphan
Asylum Society of the District of Columbia,
and to authorize the transfer of its effects to the
Columbia Institution for the Instruction of the
Deaf and Dumb and the Blind.
Be it cnactcd by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assm6iet/,Thatthetrusteesof Washington's Man-
ual Labor School and Male Orphan Asylum So-
ciety of the District of Columbia, incorporated by
an act of Congress approved on the thirteenth day
of June, eighteen hundred and forty-two, be, and
they are hereby, authorized and empowered, by
deed or other instrument in writing, to transfer all
their funds and property of every description to
the Columbia Institution for the Instruction of
the Deaf and Dumb and the Blind, incorporated
by an act of Congress approved February sixteen,
eighteen hundred and fifty-seven. on such terms
and conditions as may be agreed upon by said
corporate bodies and incorporated in such deed
or instrument of writing.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the said
deed of transfer or instrument of writing shall bo
recorded m the recorder's office for land titles, in
the county of Washington and District of Co-
lumbia, and the terms and conditions of said deed
shall be as obligatory upon so id Columbia Insti-
tution as if they formed a part of its charter; and
from the date of the record thereof, as aforesaid,
the trustees of Washington's Manual Labor
Scnool and Male Orphan Asylum Society shall
be forever thereafter absolved from their trust,
and the act of June thirteen, eighteen hundred
and forty-two, conferring upon them corporate
powers and privileges, shall be thenceforward re-
pealed: Provided, That all the debts and pecu-
niary liabilities of the said Washington's Manual
Labor School and Male Orphan Asylum shall be
transferred to, assumed by, and be debts of the
said Columbia Institution for the Instruction of
the Deaf and Dumb and the Blind, which shall be
Chap. CXXI.—An Act extending the Charter
incorporating the German Benevolent Society
of Washington City, in the District of Colum-
bia, approved July twenty-seventh, eighteen
hundred and forty-two.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That from and after the passage of this
act, all those persons who are, or shall hereafter
become, members of the German Benevolent So-
ciety, of the city of Washington, District of Co-
lumbia, be, and they are hereby, mads a body
corporate and politic, by the name and style of the
German Benevolent Society, and shall so con-
tinue until the third day of March, one thousand
eight hundied and eighty; and by that name slmll
have perpetual succession, and by (hat name may
sue and be sued, plead and be impleaded, answer
and be answered, defend and be defended,in courts
of law and equity and in all other places whatso-
ever; and by that name may make, have, and use a
common seal, and the same may break, alter, and
renew at pleasure, and shall have power to ordain,
establish, and put in execution such by-laws,
ordinances, and regulations as shall seem neces-
sary and convenientfor the government of said cor-
poration, not beingcontrary to the laws and Con-
stitution of the United States; and generally to do
and execute all acts necessary or proper for the
objects of said corporation, subject to the limita-
tions of this act.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
monthly contributions and all other moneys re-
ceived on accoun' of the society may, from time to
time, be invested in the public stocks of the United
States, in loans to individuals, or in stocks of any
incorporated banking institution or corporation,
and the moneys so invested or that may bedeposited
shall be drawn out of the bank or place of deposit
only on the order of the treasurer, countersigned
by the secretary and approved by the president:
Provided, nevertheless. That the said society or body
politico/ shall not, at any one time, hold or possess
property, real, personal, or mixed, exceeding in
total value the sum of twenty thousand dollars:
And provided, That the annual interest on the cap-
ital of the company, or the whole or any part of
the capital, may, fiom time to time, be applied
to aid and succor the poor and destitute of the
society, or to such other charitable objects as the
company may select.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That it shall
not be lawful for the said corporation to deal or
trade in the manner of a hank, nor issue any note
m the nature of a bank note, nor transact any
other kind of business, or deal in any other man-
ner or thing than is expressly authorized by the
second section of this act; and any officer or offi-
cers who shall have assented to any such dealing
or trade shall, on conviction thereof in the proper
court, forfeit and pay the sum of five hundred
dollars, one half to the use of the poor of the city
of Washington, Distiict of Columbia, and the
other half to the use of the person who may pros-
ecute the same: Provided always, That Congress
may, at any time, amend, alter, or annul this act.
Approved, June 13, ItsGO.
Chap. CXXII.—An Act to Incorporate the Pro-
prietors of Prospect Hill Cemetery.
Be it cnacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States ofAmericain Congress
assembled, That Augustus E. L. Keese, John G.
Stork, Fred Heider, John Walter, John Gutten-
sohn, B. Ostermeyer, Christopher Friess, and
George Shultz, the present members of the Ger-
man Evangelical Society, and their successors in
said society, be, and they are hereby, created a
body-politic and corporate, by the name and title
of the Prospect IIil'l Cemctei y, in the District of
Columbia, and by thai mono shall have perpetual
succession, and siiail b«- able andhableto sue and
be sued in any coutt of law and equity, may have
and use a common seal, and shall have power to
purchase and hold not exceeding one hundred
acres of land in the District of Columbia, north
of the limits of the city of Washington, [and] to
sell and dispose of such parts of said land as may
not be wanted for the purpose of a cemetery:
Provided, That at least seventeen contiguous acres
shall be forever appropiiated and set apart as a
cemetery, with authority to said corporation to
receive gifts and bequests for the purpose of or-
namenting and improving said cemetery, and to
hold such personal property as may be requisite
to carry out this act.
Sec. 2. Andbeit further enacted, That the affairs
of said corporation shall be conducted by a pres-
ident, secretary, and six directors, who shall be
elected annually by a majority of the votes of said
society; the said president, secretary, and direct-
ors to fill all vacancies in their own body, and
shall have power to lay out and ornament the
grounds; remove and alter old buildings, and erect
new ones; to lay out and sell, or dispose of burial
lots;*to appoint all necessary officers and agents,
and fix their several duties and compensation; and
to make such by-laws, rules, and regulations as
they may deem proper for conducting the affairs
of the corporation, for the government of lot hold-
ers and visitors to the cemetery, and for the trans-
fer of stock, and the evidence thereof, in all
elections held under this act,each proprietor shall
be entitled to one vote.
Sec. 3. Andbeit further enacted, Thatno streets,
lanes, alleys, roads, or canals, of any sort, shall
be opened through the property of said corpora-
tion exclusively used and appropriated to the pur-
pose of a cemetery: Provided, That nothing herein
contained shali authorize said corporation to ob-
struct any public road, or street, or lane, or alley
now actually opened or used as such.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That any per-
son who shall willfully destroy, mutilate, deface,
injure, or remove any tomb, monument, grave-
stone, or other structure placed in said cemetery,
or any fence, railing, or work for protection or
ornament of said cemetery, or any tomb, monu-
ment, gravestone, or other structure thereon, or
shall willfully destroy, cut, break, or remove,any
tree, shrub, or plant within the limits of said cem-
etery, shall be consideredguilty of a misdemeanor,
and on conviction thereof before any justice of
the peace of the county of Washington, shall be
punished by fine, at the discretion of the justice,
according to the aggravation of the offense, of not
less than five nor more than fifty dollars.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That until an
election be held under the provisions of this act.
the eight last named persons in section first shall
be the managers of said corporation; and that all
officers shall hold their respective offices until their
successors shall be elected or appointed.
Sec. 6. And be it further enactcdf That burial
lots in said cemetery shall not be subject to the
debts of the stockholders thereof, and the land of
the company dedicated to the purpose of a a cem-
etery shall not be subject to taxation of any kind.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That the said
corporation shall provide for the return, from time
to time, to the Corporation of Washington, reports
of all interments made in said cemetery of persons
who may have died within the limits of the said
Corporation of Washington,in such manners, and
according to suck forms, as may be prescribed,
from time to time, by the Corporation of Wash-
ington.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That a certifi-
cate under seal of the corporation, of the owner-
ship of any lot aforesaid, shall, in all respects,
have the same effect as any conveyance from said "
corporation of said lot would'have if executed,
acknowledged, and recorded, as conveyances of
real estate are required to be.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That nothing
in this act shall be so construed as to authorize
the said corporation to issue any note, token, de-
vice, or scrip, or other evidence of debt, to boused
as currency.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That this act
shall take effect from the passage thcrtrof.
Sec. 11. jlnd be it further enacted, That it may
be lawful for Congress hereafter to alter, modify,
or repeal the foregoing act.
Sec. 12. And be it further enacted, That each of
the stockholders in the said company shall bd*
held liable, in his or her individual capacity, for
