1860.J
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
479
Laws of the- United States,
56th Cong....Is? Sess.
all the debts and liabilities of the said company,
however contracted or incurred, to be recovered
by suit, as other debts or liabilities, before the
court or tribunal having jurisdiction of the case.
Approved, June 13, 1860.
Chap. CXXVII1.—An Act to amend an Act enti-
tled an Act to define and regulate the jurisdic-
tion of the District Courts of the United States
in California in repaid to the survey and loca-
tion of confirmed Private Land Claims.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Staies ofJlmeriea in Congress
assembled, That whenever the surveyorgeneral of
California shall, in compliance with the thirteenth
section of an act entitled "An act to ascertain and
settle [the] private land claims in the State of Cal-
ifornia,"approved March three,eighteen hundred
and fifty-orie, have caused any private land claim
to be surveyed, and a plat to be made thereof, he
shall give notice that the same has been done, and
the survey and plat approved by him, by a pub-
lication once a week for four weeks in two news-
papers, one published in the city of San Fran-
cisco, and one of which the place of publication
is nearest the land, if the land is situated in the
northern district of California-, and once a week
for four weeks in two newspapers, one published
in Los Angeles, and one of which the place of
publication is nearest the land, if the land is sit-
uated in the southern district of California; and
until the expiration of such time, the survey and
plat shall be retained in liis office, subject to
inspection.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the dis-
trict courts of the United States for the northern
and southern districts of California are hereby
authorized, upon the application of any party in-
terested, to make an order requiring any survey
of a private land claim within their respective
districts to be returned into the district court for
examination and adjudication; and on the receipt
of said order, duly certified by the clerk of either
of said courts, it shall be the duty of the surveyor
general to transmit said survey and plat forthwith
to the said court.
Sec.3. Andbe it further enacted, That said order
shall be granted by said courts on the application
of any party whom the district courts, or the
judge thereof, in vacation, shall deem to have such
an interest in the survey and location of a land
claim, as to make it just and proper that he should
• be allowed to take testimony and to intervene for
his interest therein; and if objections to the sur-
vey and location shall be made on the part of the
United States, the order to return the survey into
court shall be made on the motion of the district
attorney, founded on sufficient affidavits; and if
the application for such older is made by other
parties claiming to be interested in, or that their
rights are affected by, such survey and location,
the court, or the judge in vacation, shall jirocecd
summarily, on affidavits or otherwise, to inquire
into the fact of such interest, and shall, in its dis-
cretion, determine whether the applicant has such
an interest therein, as, under the circumstances
of the case, to make it proper that he should be
heard in opposition to the survey, and shall grant
or refuse the order to return the-survey and loca-
tion, as shall be just: Provided, however, Thatall
parties claiming interest under preemption, set-
tlement, or other right or title derived from the
United States, shall not be permitted to intervene
separately; but the rights and interests of said
parties shall be represented by the district attor-
ney of the United States, intervening ill the name
of the United States, aided by counsel acting for
said parties jointly, if they think proper to em-
ploy such counsel: And provided further, That
before proceeding to take the testimony, or to
determine on the \~alidity of any objection so made
to the survey and location as aforesaid, the said
courts shall cause notice to be given, by public
advertisement, or in some other form to be pre-
scribed by their rules, to all parties m interest,
that objection has been made to such survey and
location, and admonishing all parties in interest
to intervene for the protection of such interest;
and the said courts shall adopt rules providingfor
the prompt and summary decision of all contro-
versies on surveys and locations that may arise
under the provisions of tins act.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That when,
on the application of the party or parties interested
as aforesaid, in said survey and location, the same
shall be returned into court, the said parties may
proceed to take testimony as to any matters ne-
cessary to show the true and proper location of
the claim; such testimony to be taken in such
manner, by deposition or otherwise, or by com-
mission, as the court may direct, and, on hearing
the allegations and proofs, the court shall render
judgment thereon; and if, in its opinion, the loca-
tion and survey arc erroneous, it is hereby author-
ized to set aside and annul the same, or correct
and modify it; and it is hereby made the duty of
the surveyor general, on being served with a cer-
tified copy of the decree of said court, forthwith
to cause a new survey and location to be made,
or to correct and reform the survey and location
already made, so as to conform to the decree of the
district court, to whom it shall be returned for con-
firmation and approval.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That when,
after publication as aforesaid, no application shall
bo made to the said court for the said order, or
when said order has been refused, or when an
order shall have been obtained as aforesaid, and
when the district court by its decree shall have
finally approved said survey and location, or shall
have reformed or modified the same, and determ-
ined the true location of the claim, it shall be the
duty of the surveyorgeneral to transmit, without
delay, the plat or survey of the said claim to the
General Land Office, and the patent for the land
as surveyed shall forthwith be issued therefor,
and no appeal shall be allowed from the order or
decree as aforesaid of the said district court, un-
less applied for within six months from the date
of the decree of-said district courts, but notafter-
wards; and the said plat and survey so finally
determined by publication, order, or decree, as
the case may be, shall have the same effect and
validity in law as if a patent for the land so sur-
veyed had been issued by the United States.
Sec. {). .find be it further enacted, That all sur-
veys and locations heretofore made and approved
by the surveyor general ofCalifornia, which have
been returned into the said district courts, or either
of them, or in which proceedings are now pend-
ing for the purpose of contesting or reforming the
same, are hereby made subject to the. provisions
of this act, except that in the cases so returned or
pending no publication shall be necessary on the
part of the surveyor general.
Sec. 7. .find be it further enacted, That, for the
performance of the duties imposed by this act,
and the act entitled " An act to ascertain and set-
tle [the] private land claims in the State of Cali-
fornia, passed March third, eighteen hundred and
fifty-one," there shall be allowed to the judges of
the northern and southern districts of California,
as follows: to the judge of the northern district
such a sum as will', when added to his fixed and
permanent salary allowed by law and received by
him, make his compensation amount to the sum
of six thousand dollars per annum, and such ad-
ditional compensation to be computed from the
first day of Januaty, eighteen hundred and fifty-
two; and to the judge of the southern district such
a sum as will, when added to his fixed and pei-
mane lit salary allowed bylaw and received by him,
make his compensation amount to the sum of
thirty-five hundred dollars, such compensation to
be computed and allowed from the date of his
appointment to said office, and to continue each
for and during the performance of the additional
services required to be performed by this act, but
not exceeding two years from and after the pas-
sage of this act.
See. 8. And be it further enacted, That all costs
of surveys and publications, under tiie provisions
of this act, shall be charged to and paid by the
Lrnited States, and co^ts of litigation m the dis-
trict courts shall abide the result thereof, and the
court in its discretion may require security there-
for.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That all acts
and parts of acts inconsistent with the provisions
of this act are hereby repealed.
Approvep, June 14, 1860.
Chap. CXXIX.—An Act to incorporate the
National Gallery and School of Arts in the
District of Columbia,
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre
sentatives of the United States ofAmericain Congress
assembled, That there may be established in the
District of Columbia by the persons hereinafter
named a gallery and school of arts', for the pur-
pose of promoting the improvement of the fine
arts, and their application to patriotic purposes,
by means of exhibitions, libraries, museum, in-
struction, and any other practicable operations.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the said
institution shall be under the management, direc-'
tion, and government of a number of trustees,-
not exceeding twenty-five, to be elected annually
by ihe contributors to the said gallery and school,
in such manner and under such limitations and
restrictions as may be provided in the by-laws
thereof; and the first trustees of the said insti-
tution shall consist of the following persons,
namely: Horatio Stone, John Crnnch, J. M.
Stanley, J. G. Bruff, Robert Bogle, W. W. Cor-
coran, A. F. Cunningham, T. G. Clemsen, J G.
Berret, F. P. Stanton, A. Thomas Smith, H Or.
Fant, Charles.Eames, B. Ogle Taylor, George
W. Riggs, Charles Haskins, Seth Eastman,
Samuel "F. Vinton, and L. D. Gale, which said
trustees and their successors shall be a body-
politic and corporate, with perpetual succession,
by the name and style of The National Gallery
and School of Arts; by which name and title the,
said trustees and their successors shall be com-
petent and capable, in law and equity, to take to
themselves and their successors, for the use of the
said institution, any estate in any lands, tene-
ments, hereditaments, goods, chattels, moneys,
and other effects, by gift, grant, bargain, sate,
conveyance, assurance, will, devise, or bequcsf
of any person or persons whatsoever: Provided,
The same do not exceed, in the whole, the yearly
value of fifty thousand dollars and the same prop-
erty and effects, real and personal, to grant, bar-
gain, sell, convey, assure, demise, and to farm
let, and to place out on interest for the use of the
said institution; and by the same name to sue and
be sued, to plead and be impleaded, in any courts
of law and equity; and to make and use a com-
mon seal, and the same to break and alter at their
pleasure; and generally, by and in the samename,
to do and transact all and every the business
touching or concerning the premises.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the trus-
tees aforesaid shall hold their offices until the first,
day of Octobcr, eighteen hundred and sixty, and
until their successors shall be elected. And in
the mean time, the said trustees shall pass all ne-
cessary ordinances and by-laws for the complete
organization, government, and administration of
the institution herein established. They may
appoint or elect a president and secretary of their
own body, and all such officers, professors, or
tcachcrs, as to them may seem expedient, and
may confer upon them such powers, not incon-
sistent with the Constitution and laws of the Uni-
ted States, as may to them seem suitable to the
end in view. They shall provide for the election
of their successors on the first day of October,
eighteen hundred and sixty, and annually there-
after; but, if from any cause, such elections should
not take place at the times herein provided, they
may be appointed for any other conyenient time.
And the said trustees for the first election, and
their successors ever thereafter, shall determine
and establish the rules and conditions upon which
subscribers and contributois to the said gallery
and school shall be admitted as members of the
said institution, the manner in which they shall
vote in the annual elections for trustees, and the
privileges they shall enjoy in the said institution,
and in the lectures, exhibitions, and other pro-
ceedings thereof. A majority of said trustees
shall constitute a quorum to do business.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the said
trustees shall have power to grant mid confirm to
meritorious persons such degrees in the arts as
they may in their by-laws establish; and grant
diplomas or certificates, under their common seal,
and signed by the president and secretaiy to au-
thenticate and perpetuate the same.
Sec. f>. And be it farther enacted, That it shall
