480
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 15,
36th Cong.... 1st Sbss.
Laics of the United States.
be the duty of the trustees to keep regular books
or journals, in which shali be entered, under their
direction f an account of all their ordinary acts
and proceedings; all the by-laws, ordinances, rules,
arid regulations; a schedule of all the property
and effects of every kind which may in any way
be vested in the said trustees for the use and ben-
efit of the said institution; and the names of all
the subscribers and contributors qualified to vote
for trustees, with their respective places of resi-
dence. And the said books or journals shall at
all times be open to the inspection and examina-
tion of the said subscribers and contributors, and
when required by either House of Congress, it
shall be the duty of the said trustees to furnish
any information respecting the institution and its
affairs which may be so required.
Sec. 6. And be it farther enacted, That nothing
in this act shall be so construed as to authorize
said corporation to issue any note, token, device,
scrip, or other evidence of debt to be used as a
currency.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That this act
may at any time be altered, amended, or repealled
by the Congress of the United States.
Sec. 8. And be it farther enacted, That it shall
not be lawful for the corporation hereby created
to adopt any system of lottery or chances, as a
means of making a revenue, or in distributing
any works of art.
Approved, June 15, 1860.
Chap. CXXX.—An Act providing for additional
terms of the United States Circuit and Dis-
trict Courts in the State of Kentucky.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Hepre-
- sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That in addition to the terms of the
$rcuit and district courts of the United States for
the district of Kentucky, now provided for by
law, a term of the circuit court and of the district
court of the United States for the district of Ken-
tucky shall be held in the city of Louisville, in
said district, commencing on the fourth Monday
in April in each year, and a term of each of said
courts shall likewise be held at said city, com-
mencing on the fourth Monday in September in
each year, each of said terms to continue, if the
business shall require it, twelve judicial days;
and special terms of said courts, or either of them,
may be held at said city of Louisville, at such
other times as thp district judge may appoint; and
process may be made returnable to any general
or special term ofsaid courtdistrictorcircuitcourt,
at said city of Louisville, at any succeeding term
thereof, no twithstandinga term of said courts may,
in the mean time, be held at the seat of government
of the State of Kentucky, or elsewhere.
Sec. 2. And be it farther enacted, That the clerk
of the said circuit and district courts shall keep a
clerk's office for said courts at Louisville, and all
the records and papers pertaining to business in
said courts at Louisville shall be kept therein, and
shall appoint a deputy clerk for said courts to re-
side in said city of Louisville.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That addi-
tional terms of said circuit and district courts of
the United States for the district of Kentucky
shall be held twice during each and every year at
Covington, Kentucky, commencing on [the] sec-
ond Monday in January and September, and con-
tinuing twelve judicial days each, if the public
business shall require it; and special terms of
said courts, or either of them, may be held at said
city of Covington at such other times as the dis-
trict judge of the United States for said district
may appoint; and process may be made return-
able to any general or special term of said district
or circuit courts, at said city of Covington, atany
succeeding teim thereof, notwithstanding a term
of said courts may have been held elsewhere in
said State.
Sec. 4. And be it farther enacted, That the clerk
of the said circuit and district court shall keep a
clerk's office for said courts in said city of Cov-
ington, and all the records and papers appertain-
ing or relating to business in said courts held at
Covington shall be kept therein, and he shall ap-
point a deputy clerk for said courts, to reside m
or near said city.
Sec. 5. And be it farther enacted, That the dis-
trict judge for said court of the United States for
the district of Kentucky may make such rules
and regulations for the regulation of the times of
holding special terms of said,court, and the pro-
cess and business thereof, and the fees and costs
to be taxed therein, as he shall deem expedient,
if not inconsistent with any existing statute, and
revise and alter the same when necessary.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That addi-
tional terms of said circuit and district courts of
the United States for the district of Kentucky,
shall be held twice during each and every year at
Paducah, Kentucky, commencing at such times
as may be fixed by the presiding judge of said
court, and continuing twelve judicial days each,
if the public business shall require it; and special
terms of said courts, or either of them, may be
held at said Paducah, at such other times as the
district judge of the United States for said dis-
trict of Kentucky may appoint, and process may
be made returnable to any general or special term
of said district or circuit court, at said Paducah,
at any succeeding term thereof, notwithstanding
a term of said courts may have been held else-
where in said State.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That the clerk
of the said circuit and district court shall keep a
clerk's office for said courts in said Paducah, and
all the records and papers appertaining or relat-
ing to business in said courts held at Paducah,
shall be kept therein; and he shall appoint a dep-
uty clerk for said courts, to reside in or near said
Paducah.
Approved, June 15, 1860.
Chap. CXXXI.—An Act making Appropriations
for the service of the Post Office Department
during the fiscal year ending the thirtieth of
June, eighteen hundred and sixty-one.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the following sums be, and the
same are hereby, appropriated, for the service of
the Post Office Department for the year ending
the thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred and sixty-
one, out of any moneys in the Treasury arising
from the revenues of the said Department, in con-
formity to the act of the second of July, eighteen
hundred and thirty-six:
For transportation of the mails within the juris-
diction of the United States, and on such routes
along the coasts of the United States as do not
touch at a foreign port, nine million six hundred
and forty-four thousand five hundred and ninety-
eight dollars: Provided, however, That the maxi-
mum compensation to be paid to route agents shall
not exceed eight hundred dollars per year.
For compensation to postmasters, two million
six hundred and fifty-four thousand dollars: Pro-
vided, however, That where packages of newspa-
pers or periodicals are*received at any post office,
directed to one address, and the names of the club
of subscribers to which they belong, with the
postage for a quarter in advance, shall be handed
to the postmaster, he shall deliver the same to
their respective owners.
IJor clerks in the offices of postmasters, eight
hundred thousand dollars.
For ship, steamboat, and way letters, twenty
thousand dollars.
For office furniture in the post offices, four thou-
sand dollars.
For advertising, seventy thousand dollars.
For mail bags, fifty-five thousand dollars.
For paper required for printing blanks, seventy
thousand dollars.
For printing blanks, twelve thousand dollars.
Forwrapping pa per,fifty-two thousand dollars.
For mail locks, keys, and stamps, fifteen thou-
sand dollars.
For mail depredations and special agents, sev-
enty thousand dollars: Provided, That from and
after the first of July, one thousand eight hun-
dred and sixty, not more than sixteen hundred
dollars per annum shall be allowed to any special
agent of the Post Office Department as compensa-
tion for his services: And provided further, That
the fourth section of an act entitled "An act to
supply deficiencies in the appropriations for the
service of the fiscal year ending the thirtieth of
June,one thousand eight hundred and fifty-four,"
approved May thirty-first, eighteen hundred and
fifty-four, be, and the same is hereby repealed.
For miscellaneous payments, one hundred and
fifty thousand dollars: Provided, That it shall be
the duty of the Postmaster General to furnish to
Congress, in his annual report, on the first Mon-
day of December next, and of each and every
year thereafter, a detailed statement of the ex-
penditures made under the head of " miscella-
neous payments;" and that it shall not be lawful
to use any of the money hereby appropriated for
the defense of suits brought against officers of the
Post Office Department for malfeasance, misfeas-
ance, or nonfeasance in office, or for acts commit-
ted by them under color of law, and in derogation
of the rights of citizens.
For postage stamps and stamped envelopes,
one hundred thousand dollars.
For payments of balances due to foreign coun-
tries, three hundred thousand dollars.
Sec. 2. And be it farther enacted, That from and
after the thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred and
sixty, the charge for the delivery of letters by
carriers shall be not exceeding one cent each, the
whole of which shali be paid to them for their
services. And the Postmaster General may estab-
lish boxes for the delivery of letters at the outside
stations in the suburbs of cities, provided it can
be done without loss to the Department or injury
to the service; and any net revenue derived from
the rent of said boxes may be applied by him
towards the payment of the expense of collecting
letters or towards the increase of the carriers'
fund, as he may deem just or equitable.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That if the
revenues of the Post Office Department shall be
insufficient to meet the appropriations of this act,
then the sum of five million seven thousand four
hundred and twenty-four dollars and seventy-five
cents, or so much thereof as may be necessary,
be, and the same is hereby, appropriated, to be
paid out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, to supply deficiencies in the
revenue of tne Post Office Department for the year
ending the thirtieth June, eighteen hundred and
sixty-one.
Sec. 4. And bt it further enacted, That the Post-
master General be, and he is hereby, authorized
to cause the mails to be transported between the
United States and any foreign port or ports, or
between any port of the United States to any
other port of the United States, touching at a for-
eign port, by steamship, allowing and paying
therefor, if by an American vessel, the sea and
inland postage, and if by a foreign vessel, the sea
postage only, on the mails so conveyed: Pro-
vided, That the preference shall always be given
to an American over a foreign steamship, when
departing from the same port for the same desti-
nation witiiin three days of each other.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That so much
of the appropriation for inland mail service a<? is
provided for transportation of mails from San
Francisco to Puget's Sound, via Astoria, in Ore-
gon, shall be applied to the transportation of said
mails by land to Olympia, whenever by law such
service shall be provided in lieu of ocean service.
Approved, June 15, 1860.
Chap. CXXXII.—An Act authorizing the sale
of the Western Military Asylum in Harrods-
burg, Kentucky.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the board of commissioners of the
Soldiers' Home be, and they are heieby, author-
ized and lequired, to sell and dispose ofthe West-
ern Military Asylum, at Harrodsbnrg, Kentucky,
at such tune and manner, and upon such terms
and conditions, as th *y may deem best, and that
the proceeds of such sale be njstorod to the fund
of the said Soldiers' Home: Provided, That no
sale shall be made until at least sixty days' pub-
lic notice thereof shall be given: Provided, fur-
ther, That said sale be made within twelve months
from and after the passage of this act. But said
sale is not to take place unless the property shall
bring at least twenty-five thousand dollars.
