I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Igl
Laws of the United States.
36th Cong.... 1st
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the said
commissioners of the Soldiers' Home, or such
person as they may duly and legally appoint,
shall, upon the full payment of the purchase-
money for said Western Military Asylum, agree-
ably to the terms of sale, and upon the approval
of such sale by the Secretary of War, make and
deliver to the purchaser or purchasers, on behalf
of the United States, a deed in fee simple for said
property.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the tenth
section of the act of March three, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-seven, which directs the sale of the
Western Military Asylum at Harrodsburg, Ken-
tucky, be and the same is hereby repealed.
Approved, June 15, 1860.
Chap. CXXXlV.-*-An Act to change the Loca-
tion of the Custom-House for the District of
Brazos dc San tiago ,from Point Isabel to Browns-
ville, in the State of Texas.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the custom-house of said district
be, and the same is hereby, changed from Point
Isabel to Brownsville; that the port of entry here-
tofore existing at Point Isabel aforesaid, be, and
the same is hereby, abolished^ and that Browns-
ville aforesaid be, and the same is hereby, created
a port of entry for said district.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the col-
lector of said district shall henceforth keep his
office at Brownsville aforesaid, and the same shall
be removed, under such instructions as the Sec-
retary of the Treasury shall prescribe.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That a deputy
collector of customs shall reside and keep his
office at Brazos dc Santiago aforesaid, who shall
be, and he is hereby, authorized to enter and clear
vessels.
Sec.4. Andbe it further enar.fpd, Thatall goods,
wares, and merchandise of whatever description,
transported in bond to the port of entry hereby
created, fiom any other port or place in the Uni-
ted States, via Brazos harbor, may, on their ar-
rival in said harbor, be transhipped, under such
regulations, not inconsistent with law, as the Sec-
retary of the Treasury may prescribe, in other
vessels for transportation via the Rio Grande to
Brownsville aforesaid; and any goods, wares,
or merchandise, of any description whatever,
imported into said district via said harbor, from
any foreign country, may in like manner be tran-
shipped to said port of entry as herein provided,
for goods, wares, and merchandise transhipped
in bond.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That no bond,
obligation, power of attorney, or other instru-
ment having legal force, and given or taken with
reference to the custom-house of said district,
before the passage of this act, shall by this reason
be in any manner impaired, but the same shall
nevertheless remain valid.
Approved, June 16, 1860.
Chap. CXXXV.—An Act to amend an Act reg-
gulatmg the Diplomatic and Consular System
of the United States.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Amcricain Congress
assembled, That from and after the thirtieth of
June next, the kingdom of Sardinia be ranked in
schedule A of the consular and diplomatic bill,
approved August eighteenth, eighteen hundred
and fifty-six, with Russia, Spain, Austria, Brazil,
Mexico, and China.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That the Pres-
ident may, by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate, appoint a representative to the
kingdom of Sardinia, of the grade of envoy ex-
traordinary and minister plenipotentiary, who
shall receive for his services an annual compensa-
tion of twelve thousand dollars; and a secretary
of legation, who shall receive for his services an
annual compensation of one thousand eight hun-
dred dollars.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted. That all acts
and parts of acts fixing th e rank and the compen-
sation of the representative of the United States
and the secretary of legation at Sardinia be, and
New Series—-No. 31.
the same are hereby, repealed,so far as the same
are inconsistent with this act.
Approved, June 16, 1860.
Chap. CXXXVI.—An Act to amend an Act en-
titled " An Act in addition to the Acts prohib-
iting the Slave Trade."
Be it enacted by the Senate and Home of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That it shall and maybe lawful for the
President of the United States to enter into con-
tract with any person or persons, society or socie-
ties, or body corporate, for a term not exceeding
five years, to receive from the United Suites
through their duly constituted agent or agents,
upon the coast of Africa, all negroes, mulattoes,
or persons of color, delivered from on board ves-
sels seized in the prosecution of the slave trade,
by commanders of the United Stales armed ves-
sels, and to provide the said negroes, mulattoes,
and persons of color with comfoi table clothing,
shelter, and provisions for a period not exceeding
one year from the date of their being- landed on
the coast of Africa, at a price ill no case to ex-
ceed one hundred dollars for each person so
clothed, sheltered, and provided with food: Pro-
vided, That any contract so made as aforesaid
mav be renewed by the President from time to
time as found necessary for periods not to exceed
five years on each renewal.
Sec. 2. Jlndbeit further enacted, That the Pres-
ident of the United States be, and he is hereby,
authorized to issue instructions to the commanders
of the armed vessels of the United States, direct-
ing them, whenever it shall be practicable, and
under such rules and regulations as he may pre-
scribe, to proceed directly to the coast of Africa,
and there deliver to the agent or agents of the
United States all negroes, mulattoes,and persons
of color delivered from on board vessels seized in
the prosecution of the slave trade, afterwards
bringing the captured vessels and persons engaged
in prosecuting the slave trade to the United States
for trial and adjudication.
Sec. 3. Jhid'beit further enacted, That the Pres-
ident of the United States be, and he is hereby,
authorized to take immediate measures in his dis-
cretion in accordance with existing laws, and with
the provisions of the first section of this act, for
removing to the coast of Africa, and there pro-
viding with food, shelter, and clothing for a term
not exceeding one year from the date of landing
in Africa the captured Africans recently landed
in the southern district of Florida, and that the
sum of two hundied and fifty thousand dollars be
appropriated for that purpose out of any moneys
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated by law.
Approved, June 16, 1860.
Chap. CXXXVII.—An Act to facilitate Com-
munication between the Atlantic and Pacific
States by Electric Telegraph.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States nf .Smericain Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury,
under the direction of the President of the United
States, is hereby authorized and directed to ad-
vertise for sealed proposals, to be received for
sixty days after the passage of this act, (and the
fulfillment of which shall be guarantied by re-
sponsible parties, as in the case of bids for con-
tracts,) for the use by the Government of a line
or lines of magnetic telegraph, to be constructed
within two years from the thirty-first day of J uly,
eighteen hundred and sixty, from some point or
points on the west line of the State of Missouri,
by any route or routes which the said contractors
may select, (connecting at such point or points
by telegraph with the cities of Washington, New
Orleans, New York, Charleston, Philadelphia,
Boston, and other cities in the Atlantic, Southern,
and Western States, to the city of San Francisco,
in theState of California, for a period of ten years,
and shall award the contract to the lowest re-
sponsible bidder or bidders, provided such profter
does not require a larger amount per years from
the United States than forty thousand dollars;
and permission is hereby granted to said parties
to whom said contract may be awarded, or a
majority of them, and their assigns, to use until
the end of said term, such unoccupied public
lands of the United States as may be neeessary-
for the right of way and for the purpose of estab-
lishing stations for repairs along said line* not
exceeding at any station one quarter section of
land, such stations not to exceed one in fifteen
miles on an average of the whole distance, unless
said lands shall be required by the Government
of the United States for railroad or other pur-
poses, and provided that no right to preefn[p]t
any of said lands under the laws of the United
States shall inure to said company, their agents
or servants, or to any other person or persons
whatsovever: Provided, That no such contract
shall be madeuntil the said line shall be in actual
operation, and payments thereunder shall cease
whenever the contractors fail to comply with their
contracts; that the Government shall at all times
be entitled to priority in the use of the line or
lines, and shall have the privilege, when author-
ized by law, of connecting said line or lines by
telegraph with any military posts of the United
States, and to use the same for Government pur-
poses: Jlnd provided, also, That said line or lines,
except such as may be constructed by the Gov-
ernment to connect said line or lines with the
military posts of the United States, shall be open
to the use of all citizens of the United States
during the term of the said contract, on payment
of the regular charges for transmission of dis-
patches: Jlnd provided, also, That such charges
shall not exceed three dollars for a single dis-
patch of ten words, with the usual proportionate
deductions,upon dispatches of greater length,
provided that nothing herein contained shall con-
fer upon the said parties any exclusive right to
construct a telegraph to the Pacific, or debar the
Government of the United States from granting,
from time to time, similar franchises and privi-
leges to other parties.
Sec. 2. And be it farther enacted, That the said
contractors, or their assigns, shall have the right
to construct and maintain, through any of the
Territories of the United States, a branch line, so
as to connect their said line or lines with Oregon;
and that they shall have the permanent right of
way for said line or lines, under, or over, any
unappropriated public lands and waters in the
said Territories, by any route or routes which the
said contractors may select, with the free use
during the said term of such lands as may be ne-
cessary for the purpose of establishing station^
for repairs along said line or lines, not exceeding,
at any station, one quarter section of land, such
stations not to exceed one in fifteen miles on an
average of the whole distance; but should any of
said quarter sections be deemed essential by the
Government, or any company acting under its
authority, for railroad purposes, the said con-
tractors shall relinquish the occupancy of so much
as may be necessary for the railroad, receiving
an equal amount of land for like use in its stead.
Sec. 3. Jlnd be it further enacted, That if, in any
year during the continuance of the said contract,
the business done for the Government, as here-
inbefore mentioned, by such contractors or their
assigns, shall, at the ordinary rate of charges for
private messages, exceed the price contracted to
| be paid as aforesaid, the Secretary of the T'reas-
j ury shall, upon said accounts being duly authenti-
I cated, certify the amount of such excess to Con-
| gress: Provided, That the use of the line be given,
1 at any time, free of cost, to the Coast Survey,
! the Smithsonian Institution, and the National
Observatory, for scientific purposes: Jliidproudei
further, That messages received from any indi-
vidual, company, or corporation, or from any
telegraph lines connecting with this line at either
of its termini, shall be impartially transmitted in
the order of their reception, excepting that the
dispatches of the Government shall have priority:
And provided further, That Congress shall at any
time have the right to alter or amend this act.
Approved, June 1C, 1860.
Chap. CXXXVIIL—An Act making Appropri-
ation for the payment of the expenses of the
Legislative Assembly of the Territory of Min-
nesota.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States ofAmericain Congress
assembled, That the sum of twenty-six thousand
