904
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
#
cournged here. Let us begin at home. I would
suggest that the bill had better be referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
where we can discuss it fairly and fully. I will
make a motion that it be so referred, and then per-
haps we can cut off the mileage entirely or pat it
to the very lowest possible point. In addition, gen-
tlemen may consider it well to reduce our present
pay, having dispensed with the mileage, so that
our legislators here may be confined to a wealthy^
and privileged class who are able to serve their
country gratis; and thus prohibit all men of small •
means from holding a seat in Congress. All these
things can be discussed in committee and deliber-
ately considered, after the bill shall be printed.
Mr, SHERMAN. I wish to call the attention
of members of the House to the fact that the ref-
erence of this bill to the Committee of the Whole
oh the state of the Union is substantially its de-
feat. I do not wish to press this matter improp-
erly, but am willing that it should be postponed
to a day certain, when we may have a fair vote
upon it, and when every member can vote under-
standingly. I therefore move that the further
consideration of this bill be postponed to this day
week, and that it be made the special order for
that dav.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. We cannot
make it a special order without unanimous con-
sent.
Mr. ASHMORE. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman from Ohio to allow the bill to be referred to
the Committee on Mileage. They have already
oneor two matterson thatsuhiectreferred to them,
and will have the subject under consideration.
Mr. SHERMAN. That rcfercnce would prob-
ably be only the defeat of the bill.
Mr. ASHMORE. We are fast workers, and
will not delay action upon it long.
Mr* SHERMAN. It is very doubtful when
that committee will be called for reports, and it
may be a long while hence. I therefore msist
upon my motion to postpone until this day week.
Gentlemen can then vote upon the bill, and take
whatever responsibility they choose to assumq
upon my motion. I call the previous question.
Mr. ASHMORE. It is not in order to make
the bill a special order.
Mr. REAGAN. I move that the bill be referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union; and upon that motion i call the pre-
vious question.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would like to ask the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
a question. I would like t*> know whether the
bill makes provision for ascertaining the length
of the geographical line from a member's resi-
dence to Washington?
Mr. McKNIGHT. I call for the yeas and
nays upon the motion to postpone.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would like a response
from the chairman to my question.
Mr. REAGAN. 1 would inquire of the Chair
whether a motion to commit to a committee does
not take precedence of a motion to postpone to a
day certain?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thiuks not.
Mr.MAYNARD. By permission ofthe House,
I would like to ask the chairman of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means a single question, and I
hope I shall have a response. It is, whether the
amendment proposed by Uie committee proposes
any method by which the length of the geograph-
ical lines from the seat of Government to each
member's residence shall he ascertained and le-
gally determined ?
Mr. SHERMAN. The clerk uf the Post Office
Department can inform the gentleman exactly.
By taking a globe and measunn^ with a string, the
gentleman can ascertain very nearly. As a mat-
ter of course, that matter will be ascertained by
the Committee on Mileage.
Mr. MILES. I would like to ask the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means whether
this distance is to be measured on a groat circle?
because, m that case, and when the line leads over
mountains, and over impassable streams that are
not bridged and are without femes, 1 cannot con-
ceive how that is equalizing the mileage of mem-
bers.
Mr. McKNIGHT. I presume that every
amendment thai members desire to offer can be
proposed when th«  bill eonV'S up next Tuesday.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope (he gentleman from
South Carolina [Mr. Milks] will not trouble me
with engineering questions; I leave them to the
Committee on Mileage.
Mr. FLOP^ENCE. I move to lay the whole
subject on tho table. It costs more time than the
whole thing is worth. Agreeing entirely with the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Washburne,] in
his declaration, I move to lay the whole subject
on the table; and on that motion I demamf the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. A.DRAIN. There is so much confusion
in the House that I really do not understand what
the question is. Is it to lay the motion to post-
pone on the table? or is it to lay the whole sub-
ject on the table?
The SPEAKER. It is to lay the bill and the
whole subject on the table.
Mr. ADRAIN. Then I shall vote no."
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 24, nays 149; as follows:
YEAS—Messro. Aldrich, Ashmore, Barrett, Bouligny,
De Jaraette, English, Furnswoith, Florence, Hamilton,
Hughes, Landf&ra, Lovejoy, McQueen, Mcllac, Miles,
Niblaek, Reagan, Scotf, Singleton, Stout, Taylor, Under-
wood, Wintetey, and Wilson—24.
NAYS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Giecn Adam*,
Adrain, Allen, Alley, Thomas L. Anderson, William C.
Anderson, Avery, Babbitt, Baiksdale, Bmsham, Blair,
Blake, Brabsou, Branch, Bi avion, Briggs, Bristow, Bulfin-
ton, Burnett, Btirnham, Butteifield,Campbell. Carey, Car-
ter, Ca&e, John B. Claik, Clopton, Cobb, John Cochrane,
Colfax, Conklmg, Cooper, Convin, Covode, Cox, James
Craig, Barton Craige, CrawfonL Curry, Curtis, II. Winter
Davis, John G. Davis.', Dawes, Duell, Dunn, Edgcrton, Ed-
wards, Eliot, Ely, Etherid"0, Ferry, Foster, Fiench,
Gartrell, Gilmer, Gooeh, Grow, Gurley, Hale, Hall, Har-
deman, J. Mornson Hums, John T. Harm, Ilatton, Ilcl-
mick, flhuhuan, Ifolman, Houston, Howard, Humphrey,
Hutch ins, Ii vine, Jackson, Jenkins. Jones, Junkm, Francis
W. Kelloge, William Kellogg, Killinger. DeWitt C. Leaeli,
James M. Leach, Lee, Lojjan, Longneekcr, Loomlf,Love,
Maclav, Marion, McKean, MeKnight, McPhorson, Mill-
ion, Millwaid, Mooihead, Morrill, Edward Joy Morn*,
Isaac N. Mume, Nelson, iVixon, Noeil, Oiin, Pendleton,
Perry, PetUt, Peyton. Phelp.*. Poiter,Pottle, Pugh, Qtiarle^
Reynolds, Rice, Riga*. Christopher Robinson', James C.
Robinson, Rojce, RulHii, Schwartz, Sedgwick, Sherman,
Sickle?, Simms, Wdham N. II. Smith, Rpaulding, Spinner,
Stanton, William Stewart. Stokes, Stratton, Thayer,
Theaker, Thomas, Tompkins, Trimble, Valjandighamt,
Vance, Van Wjck, Vcrrco, Waldron, Walton, Cadwalador
C. Wa^ilmrn, Ellilm B. Washburne, Israel Washburn,
Webster, Wells, Window, Wood, and Woodruff—149.
During the vote,
Mr. BURNETT said that Mr. Boteler was
detained in his room by indisposition, and was
too unwell to attend the session of the House.
Mr. ENGLISH. I desire to say that, when
the final vote was taken yesterday on the election
for Printer, I was paired off with Mr. Pottle.
If I had not boon paired, I would have voted for
Mr. Glossbrenner.
Mr. SPINNER stated that Mr. Graham was
paired off with Mr. Dimmick to-day.
Mr. KILGORE stated that he had paired off
with Mr. Maynard till one o'clock.
Mr. WASHBURN3 of Wisconsin, stated that
his colleague, Mr. Potter, was detained at home
by severe indisposition.
Mr. STEWART, of Pennsylvania, stated that
he had been paiicd off with Mr. Stewart, of Ma-
ryland, for the remainder of this week, with a priv-
ilege of transferring his pair; and that he had this
morning transferred the pair to Mr. Wade.
Mr. HOARD sfated that if he had been within
the Hail when his name was culled, he would have
voted "no."
Mr. VANDEVER, not having been within the
bar when his name was called, asked leave to vote.
Objection was made.
Mr. WRIGHT stated that if he had been in
the Ilall when his name was called, he would have
voted "no."
Mr. MILES. I am perfectly willing that the
record shall show that 1 voted to lay this bill on
I the table. 1 vote in the affirmative.
j The result having been announced, as stated
iabove,
[ The SPEAKER stated that the question re-
■ curred on Mr. Sherman's motion to postpone till
' Tuesday next.
Air. ASHMORE. I ask the gentleman from
Ohio to have the bill referred to the Committee
on Mileage; not that that committee seek busi-
ness. We are perfectly willing to have as easy
times as possible. But we have to acton the sub-
ject, as we have already had several measures of
( a kindred character to this referred to us. If this
II be referred to the Committee on Mileage, I prom-
ise that action will be taken upon it at as early a
day as possible.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am perfectly willing that
the gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Asu-
more] shall enter his motion to refer to the Com-
mittee on Mileage; and then let the whole subject
go over till next Tuesday.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. The question Iaiow
understand to be one of postponement of the bill
till next Tuesday. I wish, when voting on that
question, to vote intelligently. I do not quite un-
derstand its provisions. As I am informed, the
present rate of mileage is to be abolished; and
Senators and members of Congress arc to be paid
the actual expenses of themselves and families.
Am I right?
Mr. SHERMAN. Oh, no. The amendment
reported by the Committee of Ways and Means
simply proposes to allow twenty cents a mile in-
stead of forty. But it requires the distance to be
computed by a straight geographical line instead
of- by the ordinary mode of travel. The saving
will be about three fourths or four fifths. We
save as much by the mode of computing the dis-
tance as by the change of rate.
Mr. STANTON. The motion to postpone is
debatable. I desire to express a hope that my
colleague will withdraw that motion to postpone;
because, if the bill goes over, it is the last that will
be ever heard of it.
Mr SHERMAN. Not if it be made a special
order.
Mr. STANTON. TJie House understands just
as well now whether itintends to pass this bill or
not as it ever will. The bill can oe put upon its
passage now just as well as at any other time.
There is no occasion for debating it. I hope the
vote will be taken upon it at once; and let us set-
tle the question whether the bill is to be passed
or not.
Mr. PHELPS. I desire to submit a suggestion
to my colleague on the Committee of Ways and
Means.
Mr. STANTON. I have not yielded the floor
yet. As I understand parliamentary law, if the
previous question be moved and seconded, it cuts
off the motion to postpone; and then the House
will be brought at once to vote on the engross-
ment of the bill. I move the previous question on
the engrossment and third reading of the bill.
Mr. PHELPS. I ask the gentleman to with-
draw the previous question for a moment that 1
may mcke a suggestion.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Let us vote
down the previous question, and have a fair hear-
in€*
Mr. PHELPS. I am desirous that wo shall
have action on this bill; but I should like to have
it printed, in order to give gentlemen an opportu-
nity of considering it. Let the bill be referred to
the Committee of" the Whole on the state of the
Union, and ordered to be printed. It will beat
the head of the Calendar, with the exception of one
or two appropriation bills; and for the purpose of
.keeping it alive, the motion to reconsider its ref-
erence can be entered, and it can lie over, and be
taken up at some subsequent time.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is as well that the House
should understand this matter. If the bill be re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, it can only be got out of that slough
of despond by a two-thirds vote, and after all the
appropriation bills are passed. In my Judgment
it would not be reached at all. I would like to
have the bill postponed, and made a special older
for Tuesday next. That will give gentlemen an
opportunity of reading the bill, understanding its
provisions, and preparing such amendments as
they may desire to propose. Gentlemen may
either kill the bill now or pass it. I prefer that
it should be passed now
Mr. PHELPS. By pursuing the course which
I have indicated, that is, entering a motion to re-
consider the reference of the bill, it will be kept
alive, and the reconsideration can be called up
next week
Mr. WASHBURNE, oflllinois. I understand
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Stanton] to de-
mand th*1 previous question.
Mr. STANTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If the pre-
vious question be seconded, it will, as I understand,
cut off all amendments, and all debate
Mr. STANTON. Yes, sir
