906
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
Washburn, Israel Washburn, Webster, Wood, Woodruff,
and Wright—108.
So the House refused to refer the bill to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. WINSLOW, when his name was called
on the above vote, said: 1 am paired off with Mr.
Somes, and cannot vote; otherwise I should have
voted correctly upon this question. [Laughter.]
Mr. MAYNARD moved to reconsider the vote
by which the House refused to refer the bill to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and demanded the yeas and nays on that
motion.
Mr. GARTRELL moved to lay the motion to
reconsider upon the table.
Mr. REAGAN. 1 desire to ask a question of
fhp Sneaker. Is the next vote upon the passage
bill?
The SPEAKER. No, sir; it will be upon the
amendment reported by the Committee of Ways
and Means.
Mr. REAGAN. I understand that all debate
is cut off, and all amendments, except the one re-
ported by the Committee of Ways and Means.
The SPEAKER. That is so.*
Mr. REAGAN. I only wish to call attention
to the fact that here is a bill, important in its pro-
visions, which has been advocated on the one side,
while no one who is opposed to it has been per-
mitted to say a word.
Mr. GARTRELL. I object to debate. The
previous question is operating.
Mr, REAGAN. Well, they have the gag law,
and arc entitled to the benefit of it.
The question was then taken on Mr. Gar-
trell's motion, and it was agreed to.
So the motion to reconsider was laid upon the
table.
The question recurred upon the amendment to
the bill reported by the Committee of Ways and
Means.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I call for the
reading of the bill and amendment.
The SPEAKER. They will be read.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
know if this bill is printed ?
The SPEAKER. It is not printed.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is oply about six lines
long; and I guess my friend from Illinois ca>i un-
derstand it, if he will listen patiently to the read-
in&
The Clerk then read the original bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire the
gentleman from Ohio to explain how large a fam-
ily is included.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is the original bill.
The question is on the amendment.
The Clerk then read the amendment.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out twenty and inseiting
ten, thus reducing the mileage from twenty cents
a mile to ten cents a mile.
Mr. SHERMAN. The amendment is not in
order.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I know that it is not
in order; and therefore it was that I voted to refer
the bill to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, where amendments would be
in order, and the bill and amendment could be
debated.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If this amend-
ment be defeated, will not the question then recur
on the passage of the original bill'
The SPEAKER. It will.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. 1 ask the Speaker
whether it is in order to introduce an amendment
limiting the families5 Does that word families,
let me ask, include all those m the family of an
old patriarch from Utah ? If so, is it fair to a poor
bachelor who must come here alone ? [Laughter.]
I wish to vote understandingly. Let us, there-
fore, ventilate this family affair.
Mr. SHERMAN. That will be a proper ques-
tion on the original bill, but not on the amendment.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I move that the bill
and amendment be laid upon the table.
Air. McKNIGHT. I demand the yeas and
navs on that motion.
The yeas ond nays were ordered.
Mr. BARKSDAJLE. Does not the motion to
reconsider the vote by which the House refused
to refer that bill and amendment to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, take pre-
cedence?
The SPEAKER. That question has already
been disposed of.
The question was taken on the motion of Mr.
Davis, of Indiana; and it was decided in the neg-
ative—yeas 35, nays 142; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aldrieh, Ashmore, Barrett, Bouligny,
Butterfield, John Cochrane, James Craig, John G. Davis,
English, Farnsworth, Florence, Foster, Hamilton, Francis
W. Kellogg, William Kellogg, Landrum, Love, Lovejoy,
McQueen, McRae. Miles, Nelson, Niblack, Noell, Pendle-
ton, Reagan, Reynolds, James C. Robinson,Singleton, Stout,
Taylor, Underwood, Wlutcley, Wilson, and Windom—35.
NAYS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Adrain, Allen, Alley,
Thomas L. Anderson, William C. Anderson, Avery, Bab-
bitt, BaikfUale, Barr, Bingham, 15 lair, Blake, Bocock, Brab-
son, Branch, Bravton, Brings, Bvistovv, Butlinton, Burnett,
Bnrnham, Campbell, Carey, Carter, Case, John B. Clark,
Clopton, Cobb, Coltax, Conklmg, Cooper, Covode, Cox,
Button Craige, Crawford, Curry, Curtis, H. Winter Dyvi*,
Dawes, De Jarnette, Duell, Dunn, Edgerton, Edniundson,
Edwards, Eliot, Ely, Etlieridge, Fenton, Feriy, Gartrell,
Gdmer, Gooeh, Grow, Gurlcy, Hale, Hall, Hardeman, J.
Morri&on Harris, John T. Harris*, Hatton, Ilchnick, Hick-
man, Hill. Hoard, Ilobnan, Houston, Howard, Ilutehms,
Irvine, Jackson, Jenkins, Jones, Junkin, Kilgorc, Killinger,
DeWittC. Leach, James M. Leach, Lee, Loonns, Maclay,
Marston, Chailes D. Martin, Elbert S. Martin, Maynard,
McKcan, MeKnight, McPherson, Million, Millward, Syd-
enham Moore, Moorhead, Morrill, Edward Joy Morris,
Isaac N. Morris, Nixon, Perrv,Pettit, Peyton, Phelps, Por-
ter, Pottle, Pugh, duarles, Riggs, Christopher Robinson,
Royce, Ruffin, Schwartz, Sedgwick, Sheiman, Sickles,
Simms, William Smith, William N. If. Smith, Spaulding,
Spinner, Stallworth, Stanton, Stevenson, William Stew-
art, Stokes, Stratton, Thayer, Thomas, Tompkins, Tum-
ble, Vance, Yandevcr, Van Wyck, Vcrree, Waldron. Wal-
ton. Cadwalader C. Washburn, Ellihu B. Wa-shburne,
Israel Washburn, Webster, Wells, Wood, Woodruff, and
Wright—142,
So the House refused to lay the bill and amend-
ment upon the table.
Pending the above call,
Mr. GARNETT said: I have paired with the
gentleman from New York, Mr. Frank; and I
desire to say that if 1 were at liberty to vote, I
would vote for this or any practical bill to reduce
the mileage of members.
Mr. COX. I was not within the bar when my
name was called; and I ask leave to vote.
There was no objection.
The vote was then announced,as above recorded.
The question then recurred on the amendment.
Mr. BINGHAM. I demand the yeas and nays.
Mr. HILL. I ask that the amendment be
again reported.
The amendment was again read.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I have an amendment which
I wili send to the Clerk's desk to be read; and I
want the Speaker to inform the House whether it
will or not be in order at any stage of the bill.
The SPEAKER. The previous question is
operating upon the bill, and no amendment is in
order.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I ask, then, that my amend-
ment be read for information.
Mr. SHERMAN. I object.
Mr. WASHBURNE, oflllinois. Will not the
amendment take more money out of the Treasury
than the original bill?
Mr. SHERMAN. With the consent of the
House, I will answer the gentleman. The ori-
ginal bill is objectionable 
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I object to debate.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I think that
the amendment will take more money out of the
Treasury than the original bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. It will take less out of the
Treasury than the original bill.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I suggest that the
word straight be struck out of the amendment,
for a straight geographical line is a physical im-
possibility
Mr. SHERMAN. There are a great many
geographical lines which are not straight. The
language hs as-we intend it, and it is right.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I ask the gentle-
man from Ohio whether a vote for the amendment
is not a vote against the interests of paterfamilias ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Then it does not concern the
gentleman, for I understand he is single. The
head of a family can travel with his wife and one
or two dwldren with the amount of mileage we
allow him.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. What will be con-
sidered the family of a bachelor 5
Mr. SHERMAN. The amendment we pro-
pose has nothing to do with the family of a
member.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I want to go back
to the family relations [Laughter 1
On a division of the House, the Speaker stated
that the yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I demand tellers
on the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Lovejoy
and Barr were appointed.
The question was taken; and thetellers reported
—ayes 49, noes 50.
Mr. FLORENCE. No quorum has voted, and
there must be a call'of the House.
Mr. BRANCH. It is not necessary that therc^.
should be a quorum upon a vote on the yeas and
nays, for one fifth of those present can order the
yeas and nays.
Mr. FLORENCE, But,sir, for one I am un-
willing to stay here and do business without a
quorum. If we have no quorum, it is evident to
gentlemen that we can proceed no further with
this bill this evening, and I think we had better
adjourn. It is only wasting time to sit here longer
when no quorum is present, and I therefore move
that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. BURNETT. There is a quorum present.
If gentlemen doubt it, the Speaker has the right
to count the House, and ascertain that fact for
himself.
Mr.SMITH,ofVirginia. Thenletthe Speaker
count the House, and ascertain whether a quo-
rum is, or not, present.
Mr. FLORENCE. I demand tellers on the
motion to adjourn; and it can be ascertained in
that way whether a quorum is in the House,
Tellers were ordered; andMessrs. Wilson and
Branch were appointed.
Mr. GROW. Does the Speaker decide that
one fifth of those present cannot order the yeas
and nays ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that it is
competent for one fifth of those present to order
the yeas and nays; and that the yeas and nays
have been ordered on the amendment.
The question was taken on the motion to ad-
journ; and the tellers reported—ayes 12, noes 74.
Mr. FLORENCE. That vote shows there is
no quorum present.
Mr. STANTON.
It is not necessary that a
quorum should appear on a vote to adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The House has refused to
adjourn.
'Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. No quorum
having voted on the motion to adjourn, I submit
that we cannot go to any business until it is made
to appear that a quorum is present.
Mr. BRANCH. I know that there is a quorum
present; and that that fact may appear, 1 move
that there bt: a call of the House.
Mr. GROW. I submit the point of order, that
the previous question having been seconded, and
the main question ordered, it is not in order to
move that there be a call of the House. The
Speaker can determine, by a count of the House,
whether a quorum is present.
Mr. ADRAIN. I insist en the motion that
there be a call of the House
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that a
motion that there be a call of the House is not in
oider, the previous question now operating.
Mr. STANTON. Did the gentleman from Illi-
nois vote to make a quorum f
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I did. Did
the gentleman ?
Mr. STANTON. I did.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has counted the
House, and he finds that there are one hundred
and thirty members present—more than a quo-
rum.
Mr. NOELL. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to be excused from voting on this ques-
tion, for the reason 
Mr. GROW. I object to debate.
Mr. FLORENCE. I object to excusing the
gentleman from voting.
Mr. NOELL. If I am to be gagged by this
previous question, and not allowed to express my
opiniou on so important a public measure as the
one now before us, I do not want to vote on it.
Mr. FLORENCE. I object.
Mr. STANTON. There have already been
answers to the roll-call.
Mr. NOELL. I insist on my motion to be ex-
cused from voting.
Mr. GROW. After the previous question has
been seconded, the gentleman cannot make his
motion to be excused
