1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
907
Mr. NOELL. I do not wish to vote on a ques-
tion upon which neither amendment nor debate is
allowed.
Mr. FLORENCE. I demand the yeas and nays
on the motion to excuse the gentleman.
Mr. SHERMAN. Is itin order to make amo-
tion to be excused from voting during the pendency
of the previous question? Even if that be so, the
gentleman did not make his motion until after the
call of the roll was commenced.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman made his mo-
tion before the Clerk commenced to call the roll.
Mr. NOELL. If a few members of the House
are to gag debate, and prevent us from submitting
amendments, I do not want to vote.
The SPEAKER. The Chair believes that the
motion to excuse the gentleman is in order.
Mr. GROW After the previous question is
seconded ?
The SPEAKER. Yes, sir. It is in order at
any time.
Mr. FLORENCE. I demand tellers on the
yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Van Wyck
and Hamilton were appointed.
The question was taken: and the tellers re-
ported—ayes thirty-five, (more than one fifth of
those present.) So the yeasand nays were ordered.
Mr. BARKSDALE. it the House adjourns
now, what becomes of this bill?
The SPEAKER. It will be the first business
in order in the morning.
Mr. BARKSDALE. It is evident that the
House does not intend to do any business to-day.
It strikes me that we had better suspend the rules
and resolve ourselves into the Committee of the
Whole on the'state of the Union.
Mr. BINGHAM. I object to any such motion
as that, as it is out of order.
The SPEAKER. No motion is now in order,
the Clerk having commenced the call of the roll.
Mr. BARKSDALE. Is it not a privileged
question ?
The SPEAKER. It is not, as the previous
question has been ordered.
The question was then taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 58, nays 108; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Green Adams, Adrain, Aldrich,Thomas
L. Anderson, Ashmoie, Avery, Barr, Barrett, Brab->on,
Burnett, Burnham, John B. ?'Iaik, Colfax, Conkling,
Cooper, John G. DavN, Dawes, De Jarnetto, tiuell, Dunn,
Ed<rerton, Etheridge, Gilmer, Grow, Hall, Hamilton, John
T. Ilanis, Hill, Humphrey, Junkin, William Kellogg, Leo,
Logan, Maelay, Marion, Charles D. Martin, Elbert S.
Maitm, Maynard, McKnight, McQueen, Moise, Nelson,
Pendleton, Poule, Reynolds, Rigg>, Christopher Robinson,
James C. Robinson," tfcott, Sickles, Stanton, William
Stewart, Tompkins, Trimble, Underwood, Yandevei,
Wluteley. and Woodruff—58.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Alley, William C. Anderson,
Babbitt. Bark«dale, Bingham, Blair, Blake, Bocock, Boyee,
Branch, Bravton, BriggM, Bristovv, Buffmton, Burhnyame,
Butterfi'eld, Campbell, Carey, Ca^e. Clopton, Cobb, John
Coohianc, Covodc, Cox, Burton Ciaige, Crawford, Curry,
Cuius. iL Winter Davis, Edmund^on, Eliot, Ely, Fains-
woith. Fern', Florence, Fostei, Fiench, Gartrell, Gooeh,
Gurley, Hale, Haideman, J- Morrison Harris., llatton,
Hawkins, Helmick, H ickman, Hoard, Holman, Houston,
Hughes, Hutchinb, Jackson, Jenkins, Jones, Francis \V.
Kellojg. Killtnger, Landrum, James M. Leach, Long-
nccket\ Looim>, Love, Lovejoy, McKean, Mcpherson,
Million, Sydenham Moore, Moorhead, Morrill, Edward Jo>
Moms, Nihlaek. Olin, Pettit, Peyton, Phelps, Poiter, Pugh,
Quaile-, Reagan, Rovce, tlutiin, Schwaitz, Sedgwick,
Sheiman, William Smith, William N. IL Smith, Spauld-
ing. Spinner, Stallworth, Stevenson, Stokes, Stratton,
Tnaver, Thomas, Vallandigham, Vance, Verree.Waldron,
Walton, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Elhhu B. Wa*>hbume,
Israel Washburn, Webster, Wells, Wilson, Windom, and
Wnglit—ioy.
So Mr. Noell was not excused from voting.
During the call,
Mr. HOWARD stated he was paired off for the
remainder of the day with Mr. Theaker.
The question recurring on agreeing to the
amendment, it was put, and decided in the affirm-
ative—yeas 128, nays 45; as follows:
YEAS*—Messrs. Chailes F. Adams, Green Adams, Ad-
rain. Allen. All«?v, Thomas L. Ander-on, William C. An-
d'H-.-on. Avi-rv, Babbitt, Bmirbam. Bian, BUke. Boeock,
Brabson, Branch, Brauon, Bnstow, Buffinron, Binlmgame,
Burnett, Butterfield, Carev. Cartel, Case. John B. Clark,
Clopton, Cobb, John Cochrane,Colfax,Covodc, Cox, Bur-
ton Craisre, Curiy, Curtis. H. Winter Davis, Dawes, Duell,
Dunn. Edgerton," Edmundson. Edward*, Eliot, Elv, Ether-
id'ze, Ferrv, Foster, French, Gartiell. Gilmei. Gooeh, Grow.
Gml'y , Hall, J. Moriwon Hat i n, John T. Ham*, llatton,
Helmick, Hickman, Hoard, Holman, Houston, Humphrey,
Hutching Irvine, Jenkins, Jone*. Junkm, Franeis W. Kei-
lOgn[. Kilgore, Kilhnger, Leake, Lee, Longnecker. Loomis,
Lo\e. Maelay. Marstnti. Charles D. Martin. Elbeit S. Mar-
tin, McKeanl, McKnigHt, McPherson, Millson, Milhvard
Sydenham Moore, Moorhead, Morrill, Edward JoyMorris,
Isaac N. Morris, Nixon, Olin, Pettit, Peyton,Phelps, Porter,
Pottle, Rice, Riggs,Christopher Robinson, Ruffin. Schwartz,
Sedgwick, Sherman, Sickles, William Smith, William N.
H. Smith, Spaulding, Spinner, Stanton, Stevenson,William
Stewart, Stokes, Stratton, Thayer, Thomas, Tompkins,
Vance, Vandever, Van Wyck, Vorree, Waldron, Walton,
Cadwalader C. Washburn, Israel Washburn, Webster,
Wells, Wood, and Woodruff—128.
NAYS—Messrs. Aldrich, Barksdale, Boyee, Conkling,
Cooper, James Craig, JohnG. Davis, Florence, Hale, Har-
deman, Hawkins, Hill, Hindman, Hughes,William Kellogg,
Landrum, James M. Leach, Logan, Lovejoy, Maynard, Mc-
Queen, McRae, Morse, Nelson. Niblaek, Noell, Pendleton,
Perry, Quarles, Reagan, Reynolds, James C. Robin*on.
Royce, Scott, Snnms, Singleton, Stout, Taylor, Trimble,
Vallandigham, Elliim B. Washburne, Whiteley, Wilson,
Windom", and Wright—45.
So the amendment was agreed to. *
During the call,
Mr. LEACH, of North Carolina, when his
name was called, said: With the hope of getting
the previous question withdrawn, or, when ex-
hausted, for the purpose of moving to strike out
the words il and family" from the original bill,
which would still further greatly reduce this ex-
penditure, I vote in the negative.
Mr. QUARLES, when his name was called,
said: For the purpose, at a future stage, of mov-
ing to strike out the words "and family" from
the original bill, I vote "no," preferring the orig-
inal bill, so amended, to the amendment of the com-
mittee. If the original bill were so amended, it
would only give to members their actual traveling
expenses, in lieu of mileage, as it now is.
Air. HAMILTON. I desire to vote; but t
must first inquire what is considered the bar of
the House?
The SPEAKER. The Hall, within the doors.
Mr. HAMILTON. Then I was not within
the Hall when my name was called. I was called
out momentarily into the ante-room by a gentle-
man who had business with me. 1 ask the con-
sent of the House to vote.
Mr. GROW. Such consent has never been
given; and I will not consent to allowing that
custom to spring up now; therefore 1 object.
Mr. HAMILTON. 1 want to record my vote
against the bill, and I would do so if I wore per-
mitted.
Mr. ASHMORE. I wish to say that I was
unavoidably outside of the bar when my name
was called. Had I been inside when my name
wag called, I should have voted "no."
Mr. DE JARNETTE. I was not within the
bar when my name was called. Had I been, I
should have voted m the affirmative.
Mr. BURJNHAM. Had I been within the bar
when my name was colled, I should have voted
in favor of the amendment.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I wish to change
my vote. I desire to say that I am in favor of
the original bill; but I find the House is in favor
of the amendment, and evidently not m the fam-
ily way; therefore I change my vote from " no"
to" "ay." [Laughter.]
The result of the vote was then announced, as
above recorded.
The SPEAKER. The question is next upon
ordering the bill to be engrossed, and read a third
time.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, demanded the
yeas and nays; and called for tellers upon them.
Tellers were ordered; and the Speaker ap-
pointed Messrs. Washdurke, of Illinois, and
Florence.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 1 withdraw
the demand for the yeas and nays upon this ques-
tion
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Do I under-
stand that the previous question is exhausted.'
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I supposed
it was not.
Mr. NOELL. I wish to know if all the import-
ant legislation of this session i«* to be rushed
through under the previous question5
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I desire to know
if the bill can be read a third time to-day?
Mr. SHERMAN. It was read a first and sec-
ond time two or three weeks ago.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. What I desire to
know of the Chair is 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will under-
stand that this is the only reading of the bill
to-day.
Mr. ICELLOGG, of Illinois. What I desire to
know is, whether a bill can be read a third time
and put upon its passage the same day it is or-
dered to be engrossed*. And, in this connection,
I call the attention of the Speaker to the 117th
rule, which declares that " If a bill be ordered to
be engrossed, the House shall appoint the day
when it shall be read the third time." The prop-
osition now is to read the bill a third time; but
a day for its third reading must be appointed, or
there is no meaning in the rule. I am opposed
to this bill, and I desire to make every objection
I can in a parliamentary way. Now, this is the
express reading of the rule, in terms so plain
that it should not be merely smiled or laughed
down.
Mr. SHERMAN. The bill has been ordered
to be engrossed and read a third time; that is, at
the present time.
Tne SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order. The Clerk will read the bill.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I rise to a priv-
ileged question, I move to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time.
Mr. HOUSTON. Unless the bill is actually
engrossed, it cannot be read a third time if the
gentleman from Illinois objects and asks for the
reading of the engrossed bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
the bill has been actually engrossed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I understand
that the preyious question was not exhausted
when the gentleman from Ohio demanded it again
on the passage of the bill. He moved one previous
question on another.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Clerk is now in the
execution of the order of the House, in reading
the bill a third time; and when that is done, I am
entitled to the floor.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If the House
refuses to second the demand for the previous
question on the passage of the bill, will not a
motion to go into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union be in order?
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly.
Mr.AVASHBURNE, of Illinois. I shall seek
the floor to make that motion after the bill is read.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the bill
a third time.
Mr. NOELL. The gentleman from New York
[Mr. John Cochrane] made a motion to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time.
The SPEAKER. The bill must be read a third
time before any motion can be entertained.
The bill was then read the third time.
Mr. SHERMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and also moved to lay the mo-
tion to reconsider on the table.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, called for tell-
ers on the motion to lay on the table the motion
to reconsider.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Washburne,
of Illinois, and Noell were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes thirty-nine, (more than one fifth of the mem-
bers present )
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 126, nays 52; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs.Charles P. Adam*,Green Adam-, Adtain,
Allen. Alley, Thomas L. Anderson. William C. AndeiMm,
Avery, Bingham, Blake, Boeock. Brubvon, Blanch, Brav-
ton. Briggs, Hri«tow. Bullinton, Burhngame. Burnett, Burn-
ham, Butterfieki. Campbell, Carej. Case. John B. Clark,
Clopton. Cobb, Colfax, Covodc, Cox, Burton Ct?n e, Craw-
ford, Currv, Citrti-, H. Winter Davis, Dawes, De Jamette,
Duel!. Dunn, Kdgerton. Edmundson, Edwards. Ehot, E!j,
Elheridtte, Ferry. Foster, Frcnch, Gaiirell, Gilmer, Gooeh,
Grow, Gurley, flail, Hardeman, J. Morrison liaiiis. John
T. llairis, llatton. Helmick, Hickman, Hoard, Holman,
Houston. Humphiey, Hutohins. Irvine, Jackson, Jenkins,
Jones, Junkin, Fianeis W. KWlocg, Kihmaer, Jame.- M.
Leach. Leake, Lee, Loomi-*. Maelay, JVIurMon, Charles D.
Martin, Elbert S. Martin. McKean, McKmgnt, MePiierson
Millson, Mill ward. Moorhead, Morrill, Uim, Pettit. Phelps.
Porter, Pottle. Pujjh, Quartos. Rice. Rigs**, Christopher
Robinson, ttuflin, Schwartz, Sedgwick, Sherman. Sickles,
William Smith, William N. H. Smith,Spaulding. Spinner,
Stanton. Stevenson. William Stewart, Stokes, Stratton,
Thayer/Thomas. Tompkins, Trimble, Vane, Vandever,
\ erree, Waldron', Walton, Cadwalader C. Washburn,
brael Washburn, Webster, WelU, Wood, and Woodruff
—126.
