I860,]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
£85
Laws of the United States.
36th Cong.... 1st
For pay of two blacksmiths, one of whom to
be a gunsmith and tinsmith, per fourth article
treaty twenty-fourth September, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-seven, one thousand two hundred
dollars.
For compensation of two strikers or appren-
tices in shop, per fourth article treaty twenty-
fourth September, eighteen hundred and fifty-
seven, four hundred and eighty dollars.
For third of ten installments for farming uten-
sils and stock, during the pleasure of the Presi-
dent, per fourth article treaty twenty-fourth Sep-
tember, eighteen hundred and fifty-seven, one
thousand to [two] hundred dollars.
For pay of farmer, per fourth article treaty
twenty-fourth September, eighteen hundred and
fifty-seven, one thousand two hundred dollars.
For second of ten installments for pay of miller,
at the discretion of the President, per fourth ar-
ticle treaty twenty-fourth September, eighteen
hundred and fifty-seven, six hundred dollars.
For second of ten installments for pay of an
engineer, at the discretion of the President, per
fourth article treaty twenty-fourth September,
eighteen hundred and fifty-seven, one thousand
two hundred dollars.
For compensation to apprentices, to assist in
working the mill, per fourth article treaty twenty-
fourth September, eighteen hundred and fifty-
seven, five hundred dollars.
For the second of three installments for the pay
of six laborers, per seventh article treaty twenty-
fourth September, eighteen hundred and fifty-
seven, three thousand dollars.
Pottawatomies.—For permanent annuity in sil-
ver, per fourth article treaty third August, seven-
teen hundred and ninety-five, one thousand dollars.
For permanent annuity in silver, per third arti-
cle treaty thirtieth September, eighteen hundred
and nine, five hundred dollars.
For permanent annuity in silver, per third
article treaty second October, eighteen hundred
and eighteen, two thousand five hundred dollars.
For permanent annuity in money, per second
article treaty twentieth September, eighteen hun-
dred and twenty-eight, two thousand dollars.
For permanent annuity in specie, per second
article treaty twenty-ninth July, eighteen hundred
and twenty-nine, sixteen thousand dollars.
For life annuity to chief, per third article treaty
twentieth October, eighteen hundred and thirty-
two, two hundred dollars.
For life annuity to chiefs, per third article treaty
twenty-sixth September, eighteen hundred and
thirty-three, seven hundred dollars.
For education, duringthe pleasure ofCongress,
per third article treaty sixteenth October, eighteen
hundred and twenty-six, second article treaty
twentieth September, eighteen hundred and twen-
ty-eight, and fourth article treaty twenty-seventh
October, eighteen hundred and thirty-two, five
thousand dollars.
For permanent provision for the payment of
money in lieu of tobacco, iron, and steel, per sec-
ond article treaty twentieth September, eighteen
hundrn4 a**d twenty-eight, and tenth article of the
treaty of the fifth and seventeenth June, eighteen
hundred and forty-six, three hundred dollars.
For permanent provision for three blacksmiths
and assistants, per third article treaty sixteenth
October, eighteen hundred and twenty-Six, second
article treaty twentieth September, eighteen hun-
dred and twenty-eight, and second article treaty
twenty-ninth July, eighteen hundred and twenty-
nine, two thousand one hundred and sixty dollars.
For permanent provision for iron and steel for
shops, per third article treaty sixteenth October,
eighteen hundred and twenty-six, second article
treaty twentieth September, eighteen hundred and
twpnty-eight, and second article treaty twenty-
ninth July, eighteen hundred and twenty-nine,
eix hundred and sixty dollars.
For permanent provision for fifty barrels of salt,
per second article of treaty of twenty-ninth July,
eighteen hundred and twenty-nine, two hundred
and fifty dollars.
For interest on six hundred and forty-three
thousand dollars, at five per centum, per seventh
article of the treaty of the fifth and seventeenth
June, eighteen hundred and forty-six, thirty-two
thousand one hundred and fifty dollars.
Pottawatomies of Huron.—For permanent annu-
ity in money or otherwise, per second article
treaty seventeenth November, eighteen hundred
and seven, four hundred dollars.
Quapaws.—For education, during the pleasure
of the President, per third article treaty thirteenth
May, eighteen hundred and thirty-three, one
thousand dollars.
For blacksmith and assistant, shop and tools,
and iron and steel for shop, during the pleasure
of the President, per third article treaty thirteenth
May,eighteen hundred and thirty-three,one thou-
sand and sixty dollars.
For farmer, during the pleasure of the Presi-
dent, per third article treaty thirteenth May, eigh-
teen hundred and thirty-three, six hundred dol-
lars.
Rogue Rivers.—For seventh of sixteen install-
ments in blankets, clothing, farming utensils, and
stock, per third article treaty tenth September,
eighteen hundred and fifty-three, two thousand
five hundred dollars.
Sacs and Foxes of Mississippi.—For permanent
annuity in goods or otherwise, per third article
treaty third November, eighteen hundred and
four, one thousand dollars.
For twenty-ninth of thirty installments as an-
nuity in specie, per third article treaty twenty-
first September, eighteen hundred and thirty-two,
twenty thousand dollars.
For twenty-ninth of thirty installments for gun-
smith, per fourth article treaty twenty-first Sep-
tember, eighteen hundred and thirty-two, six hun-
dred dollars.
For twenty-ninth of thirty installments for iron
and steel for shop, per fourth article treaty twen-
ty-first September, eighteen hundred and thirty-
two, two hundred and twenty dollars.
For twenty-ninth of thirty installments for
blacksmithand assistant, shop and tools,per fourth
article treaty twenty-first September, eighteen
hundred and thirty-two, eight hundred and forty
dollars.
For twenty-ninth of thirty-installments for iron
and steel for shop, per fourth articlc treaty twen-
ty-first September, eighteen hundred and thirty-
two, two hundred and twenty dollars.
For twenty-ninth of thirty installments for forty
barrels of salt and forty Jcegs of tobacco, per
fourth article treaty twenty-first September, eigh-
teen hundred and thirty-two, one thousand dol-
lars.
For interest on two hundred thousand dollars,
at five per centum, per second article treaty twen-
ty-first October, eighteen hundred and thirty-
seven, ten thousand dollars.
For interest on eighthundred thousand dollars,
at five per centum, per second article treaty elev-
enth October, eighteen hundred and forty-two,
forty thousand dollars.
Sacs and Foxes of Missouri.—For in terest on one
hundred and fifty-seven thousand four hundred
dollars, at five per centum, under the direction of
the President, per second article treaty twenty-
first October, eighteen hundred and thirty-seven,
seven thousand eight hundred andseventy dollars.
Seminoles —Fourth of ten installments for the
support of schools, per eighth article treaty sev-
enth August, eighteen hundred and fifty-six,
three thousand dollars.
For the fourth often installments for agricultural
assistance, per eighth article treaty seventh Au-
gust, eighteen hundred and fifty-six, two thousand
dollars.
For the fourth of ten installments for the sup-
port of smithsand smiths' shops, per eighth arti-
cle treaty seventh August, eighteen hundred and
fifty-six, two thousand two hundred dollars.
For five per centum interest on two hundred
and fifty thousand dollars, to be paid as annuity,
per eighth article treaty seventh August, eighteen
hundred and fifty-six, twelve thousand five hun-
dred dollars.
For interest on two hundred and fifty thousand j
dollars, at five per centum, to be paid as annuity, |
they having joined their brethren west, per eighth
article treaty seventh August, eighteen hundred
and fifty-six, twelve thousand five hundred dol-
lars.
Senecas.—For permanent annuity in specie,
per fourth article treaty twenty-ninth September,
eighteen hundred and seventeen, five hundred
dollars.
For permanent annuity in specie, per fourth
article treaty seventeenth September, eighteen
hundred and eighteen, five hundred dollars.
For blacksmith and assistant, shop and tools,
and iron and steel, during the pleasure of the
President, per fourth article treaty twenty-eighth
February, eighteen hundred and thirty-one, one
thousand and sixty dollars.
For miller, during the pleasure of the Presi-
dent, per fourth article treaty twenty-eighth Feb-
ruary, eighteen hundred and thirty-one, six hun-
dred dollars.
Spnecas of New York.—For permanent annuity,
in lieu of interest on stock, per act of nineteenth
February, eighteen hundred and thirty-one, six
thousand dollars.
For interest, in lieu of investment, on seventy-
five thousand dollars, at five per centum, per act
of twenty-seventh June, eighteen hundred and
forty-six, three thousand seven hundred and fifty
dollars.
For interest, at five per centum, on forty-three
thousand and and fifty dollars, transferred from
Ontario Bank to the United States Treasury, per
act of twenty-seventh June, eighteen hundred and
forty-six, two thousand one hundred and fifty-
two dollars and fifty cents.
Senecas and Shawnces.—For permanent annuity
in specie, per fourth article treaty seventeenth
September, eighteen hundred and eighteen, one
thousand dollars.
For blacksmith and assistant, shop and tools,
and iron and steel for shop, during the pleasure
of the President, per fourth article treaty twen-#
tieth July, eighteen hundred and thirty-one, one
thousand and sixty dollars.
Shawnces.—For permanent annuity for educa-
tional purposes, per fourth article treaty third
August, seventeen hundred and ninety-five, and
third article treaty tenth May, eighteen hundred
and fifty-four, one thousand dollars.
For the last of seven annual installments of
money, in payment for lands, per third article
treaty tenth May, eighteen bundled and fifty-
four, one hundred thousand dollars.
For seventh installment of interest, at five per
centum, on forty thousand dollars, for education,
per third article treaty tenth May, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-four, two thousand dollars.
For permanent annuity for educational pur-
poses, per fourth articlc treaty twenty-ninth Sep-
tember, eighteen hundred and seventeen, and third
article treaty tenth May, eighteen hundred and
fifty-four, two thousand dollars.
Six Nations of New York.—For permanent an-
nuity in clothing and other useful articles, per
sixth article treaty eleventh November, seventeen
hundred and ninety-four, four thousand five hun-
dred dollars.
Sioux of Mississippi.—For interest on three hun-
dred thousand dollars, at five per centum, per
second article treaty twenty-ninth September,
eighteen hundred and thirty-seven, fifteen thou-
sand dollars.
For tenth of fifty installments of interest, at five
per centum, ori one million three hundred and
sixty thousand dollars, per fourth article treaty
twenty-third July, eighteen hundred and fifty-one,
sixty-eight thousand dollars.
For tenth of fifty installments of interest, at five
per centum, onone hundred and twelve thousand
dollars, being the amount in lieu of the reserva-
tions set apart in the third article of Senate's
amendment of twenty-third June, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-two, to treaty twenty-third July,
eighteen hundred and fifty-one, five thousand six
hundred dollars.
For tenth of fifty installments of interest, at five
per centum, on one million one hundred and sixty
thousand dollars, per fourth article treaty fifth
August, eighteen hundred and fifty-one, fifty-
eight thousand dollars.
For tenth of fifty installments of interest, at five
per centum, on sixty-mne thousand dollars, being
the amount allowed in lieu of the reservation of
lands set apart by the third article of Senate's
amendment of twenty-third June, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-two, to treaty fifth August, eighteen
hundred and fifty-one, three thousand four hun-
dred and fifty dollars.
Treaty of Fort Laramie.—For the last of ten
installments in provisions and merchandise, for
