486
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 19,
36531 Cong.... 1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
payment of annuities and transportation of the
same to certain tribes of Indians, per seventh
article treaty seventeenth September, eighteen
hundred ana fifty-one, and Senate's amendment
thereto, seventy thousand dollars.
Umpquas (Cow Creek Band.)—For seventh of
twenty installments in blankets, clothing, pro-
visions, and stock, per third article treaty nine-
teenth September, eighteen hundred anil fifty-
three, five hundred and fifty dollars.
Umpquas and Calapooias, cfUmpqua Valley? Ore-
gon.—1< or sixth of ten installments for the pay of
a blacksmith, and furnishing shop, per sixth
article treaty twenty-ninth November, eighteen
hundred and fifty-four, one thousand five hun-
dred dollars.
For sixth of fifteen installments for the pay of
a physician and purchase of medicines,^er sixth
article treaty twenty-ninth November, eighteen
hundred and fifty-four, two thousand dollars.
For sixth of ten installments for the pay of a
farmer, per sixth article treaty twenty-ninth No-
vember, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, one
thousand dollars.
For sixth of twenty installments for the pay of
a teacher, and purchase of books and stationery,
per sixth article treaty twenty-ninth November,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, one thousand
four hundred and fifty dollars.
Winnebagoes.—For interest on one million one
hundied thousand dollars, at five per centum, per
fourth article treaty first November, eighteen
hundred and thirty-seven, fifty-five thousand
dollars.
* For fourteenth of thirty installments of interest
on eighty-five thousand dollars, at five per centum,
per fourth article treaty thirteenth October, eigh-
teen hundred And forty-six, four thousand two
hundred and fifty dollars.
Yancton Tribe of Sioux.—For the second of ten
installments to be paid to them, or expended for
their benefit, commencing with the year in which
they shall remove to, and settle and reside upon
their reservation, per fourth article treaty nine-
teenth April, eighteen hundred and fifty-eight,
sixty-five thousand dollars.
Calapooias, Molalla, and Clackamas Indians of
Willamette Valley.—For first of five installments
of annuity for beneficial purposes, per second
article treaty twenty-second January, eighteen
hundred and fifty-five, eigh thousand dollars.
Indian service in .\'ew Mexico.—For the general
incidental expenses of the Indian service m New
Mexico, presents of goods, agricultural imple-
ments, and other useful articles, and to assist
them to locate m permanent abodes, and sustain
themselves by the pursuit of civilized life, to be
ixpended under the direction of the Secretary of
the Interior, fifty thousand dollars.
Indian service in the district of country leased
from Ike Choctaws for the Indians tately residing in
Texas.—For the expenses of colonizing, support-
ing, and furnishing agricultural implements and
stock; pay of necessary employes; purchase of
clothing, medicine,iron, and steel; establishment
and maintenance of schools; and building houses
for the Indians lately residing in Texas, ill lieu
of those abandoned in that State, to be expended
under the direction of the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, forty-five thousand six hundred and fifty
dollars.
For the Wichitas and other affiliated Bands.—For
the expenses of colonizing, supporting, and fur-
nishing said bands with agricultural implements
and stocks; pay of necessary employes, purchase
of clothing, medicine, iron, and steel; establish-
ment and maintenance of schools, and building
agency houses, to be expended under the direc-
tion of the Secretary of the Interior, seventy-five
thousand six hundred and ten dollars.
Poncas.—For second of five installments to be
paid to them, or expended for their benefit,com-
mencing with the year m which they shall remove
to, and settle upon, the tract reserved for their
futuic homes, per second article treaty twelfth
March, eighteen hundred and fifty-eight, twelve
thousand dollars.
For second of ten installments for the establish-
ment and maintenance of one or more manual
Ubor schools, under the direction of the President,
per second article treaty twelfth March, eighteen
hundred and fifty-eight, five thousand dollars.
For second of ten installments, or during the
pleasure of the President, to be expended in fur-
nishing said Indians with such aid and assistance
in agricultural and mechanical pursuits, including
the working of the mill provided for in the first
part of this article, as the Secretary of the Inte-
rior may consider advantageous and necessary
for them, per second article treaty twelfth March,
eighteen hundred and fifty-eight, seven thousand
five hundred dollars.
Yakama Nation.—For keeping in repair black-
smiths', tinsmiths', gunsmiths' carpenters', and
wagon and plow-makers' shops, and for provid-
ing necessary tools thprefor,per fifth article treaty
ninth June, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, five
hundred dollars.
Confederated Tribes and Bands of Indians in Mid-
dle Oregon.—For keeping m repair all necessary
mill fixtures, purchase of medicines, mechanics'
tools, medicine and hospital stores, books and
stationery forschools, and furniture for employes,
per fourth article treaty twenty-fifth June, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-five, three hundred dol-
lars.
Indian service in California.—For the general
incidental expenses of the Indian service in Cali-
fornia, including traveling expenses of the super-
intendent, agent, and sub-agents, seven thousand
five hundred dollars.
For defraying the expenses of the removal and
subsistence of Indians in California to reserva-
tions in that State, and for pay of the necessary
employes, fifty thousand dollars: Provided, That
the Secretary of the Interior may divide the State
of California into two Indian districts, and that
the President of the United States, by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate, shall ap-
point a superintending agent for each district, at
a salary of thirty-six hundred dollars per annum,
who, upon executing a bond upon such terms
and in such sum and security as the Secretary of
the Interior may prescribe, shall have under his
control and management, as the Secretary may
prescribe, the Indians and reservations in then-
separate respective districts. Each superintend-
ent may appoint, subject to the confiimatiou of
the Secretary of the Interior, a supervisor for
each reservation in his respective district, to in-
struct the Indians in husbandry, at a salary of
eighteen hundred dollars per annum; and also ap-
point not exceeding four laborers, to aid such
supervisor, at a compensation not to exceed fifty
dollars per month: Jlnd provided further, That all
acts, or parts of acts, m conflict with this provis-
ion, be, and are hereby, repealed.
Miscellaneous.—For insurance, transportation,
and necessary expensesofthe delivery ofPawnce,
Ponca, and Yancton Sioux annuity goods and
provisions, ten thousand dollars.
For insurance, transportation, and necessary
expenses of the delivery of annuities and provis-
ions to the Indian tribes in Minnesota and Mich-
igan, twenty thousand three hundred and fifty
dollars and sixty-two cents.
For expenses of transportation and delivery of
annuity goods to the Blackfoot Indians for the
year, seventeen thousand dollars.
For payment of this amount to the Sliawnees,
due them under the provisions of the eleventh
article of the treaty of the tenth May, eighteen
hundred and fifty-four, to be reimbursefd] to the
United States when collected from agents Gay
and Arnold, against whom suits are pending,
three thousandand seventy-four dollars andforty-
four cents.
For expenses attending the vaccination of In-
dians for the years eighteen hundred and sixty
and eighteen hundred and sixty-one, five thou-
sand dollars.
To enable the Secretary of the Interior to pay
settlers for their improvements on lands situated
within the general reservations at Puget's Sound,
the value of which shall be ascertained under the
direction of the said Secretary, nine thousand
dollars.
For completing the building of the grist and
stuv-mills at Leech Lake, for the Pillager and
Lake Winnebagoshish bands of Chippewas, pro-
vided for under the third article of the treaty with
the Chippewa Indians of the twenty-second Feb-
ruary, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, two thou-
sand five hundred dollars.
For pay of an engineer for one year, six hun-
dred dollars.
For the purchase of seven hundred and ninety-
four seventy-five one hundredths acres of land,
owned by the Missionary Society of the Meth-
odist Episcopal Church, at Iriquois Point, Mich-
igan, for certain bands of Ottowasand Chippewas,
at the usual Government price, nine hundred and
ninety-three dollars and forty-four cents.
For the payment to Spunk or Bull Frog, alias
Joseph Hetison, the amount of four hundred dol-
lars, for his valuation of an improvement under
the Cherokee treaty of eighteen hundred and
thirty-five, in pursuance of the provision of the
twenty-fourth section of the act of March three,
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, making appropri-
ations for the civil and diplomatic expenses of the
Government, four hundred dollars.
For the general incidental expenses of the. In-
dian service in the Territory of Utah, presents of
goods, agricultural implements, and other useful
articles, including the traveling expenses of the
superintendent, agents, clerk hire, and so forth,
forty-five thousand dollars.
For surveying and mapping four farmrf and
reservations, one thousand two hundred dollars.
For the general incidental expenses of the In- *
dian service in Oregon and Washington, includ-
ing insurance and transportation of annuities,
goods, and presents, where no special provision
is made by treaties, and office and traveling ex-
penses of the superintendent, agents, and sub-
agents, for the year ending thirtieth June, eigh-
teen hundred and sixty-one, thirty-five thousand
dollars.
Forsurveysof reservations for the Nez Perces,
Flathead and Yakamas Indians, and the Indians
west of the Cascade mountains, fifteen thousand
dollars.
For insurance, transportation, and the neces-
sary expenses of delivery of annuities, goods,
and provisions to Yakamas, Flathcads, and Nez
Perces, for the years ending thirtieth June, eigh-
teen hundred and sixty, and thirtieth June,eigh-
teen hundred and sixty-one, forty-two thousand
dollars.
For the first of five installments due and pay-
able to theYakamasnation, for the year ending the
thirtieth of J une, eighteen hundred and sixty, per
fourth article of treaty of ninth of June, eighteen
hundred and fifty-five, ten thousand dollars.
For the first of five installments due and pay-
able to the Nez Perces Indians, for the year end-
ing the thirtieth of .Tune, eighteen hundred and
sixty, per fourth article of treaty of eleventh
June, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, ten thou-,
sand dollars.
For the pay of each of the head chiefs of the
Flathead, Kootenay, and Upper Pend d'Oreilles
tribes, for the year ending the thirtieth June, eigh-
teen hundred and sixty, per fifth article of treaty
of sixteenth July, eighteen hundred and fifty-five,
one thousand dollars.
For the pay of each of the head chiefs of the
Flathead, Kootenay, and Upper Pend d'Oreilles
tribes, for the year ending the thirtieth June,
eighteen hundred and sixty-one, per fifth article
of treaty of sixteenth July, eighteen hundred and
fifty-five, one thousand dollars.
For loss and destruction of property of citizens
of Minnesota and Iowa, at Spiiit Lake, iu the
year eighteen hundred and fifty-seven, by Ink-
pa-du-tah 'sband of Sioux Indians, accruing under
the provisions of the act of Congress approved
thirtieth June, eighteen hundred and thirty-four,
sixteen thousand six hundred and seventy-nine
dollars and ninety-seven cents: Provided, The
Secretary of the Interior shall first cause the true
amounts of such losses of property to be inves-
tigated and adjusted in a manner satisfactory to
him, and the amounts so ascertained shall be paid
to the claimants, respectively, in full satisfaction
thereof.
For the purchase and transportation of provis-
ions and presents, and to meet expenses necessary
in holding a council with the Red Lake and Red
River Chippewas, in the State of Minnesota, for
the extinguishment of their title to lands in that
State, said Indians numbering about two thousand
souls, ten thousand dollars: Provided. That the
goods purchased in eighteen hundred and fifty-
eight for the Yanctonnais band of Sioux, the
