APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
487
Laws of the United States.
36th Cong..., 1st Sess.
reception of which was declined by them, may-
be used in the negotiations with the said Chippc-
was of Red Lake and Red River.
For payment to Merit L. Young, for one hun-
dred and forty thousand rations, for subsistence
furnished to emigrating Pottawatomies, Chippe-
was, and Ottowas, in eighteen hundred and fifty-
two, under a contract with the Indian department,
and allowed by Commissioner of Indian Affairs,
nine thousand six hundred and twenty-five dollars.
For the purchase and transportation of provis-
ions and presents, and to meet expenses necessary
in holding a council with the Arapahoe and Chi-
enne Indians south'of the Platte, cast of the Rocky
Mountains, and north of the Arkansas river,thirty-
five thousand dollars.
Approved, June 19, 1860.
Chap. CL VIII.—An Act to authorize Divorces
in the District of Columbia, and for other pur-
poses.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the circuit court for the District
of Columbia shall have jurisdiction of all appli-
cations for divorces, to be made by petition, upon
which the same proceedings shall be had as are
had in other cases, except so far as is otherwise
hereinafter provided.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the peti-
tion for a divorce shall spccify the causes therefor
with ccrtainty; and upon the same being filed, the
clerk shall issue summons for the defendant to
appear and answer. If it shall appear by theaffi-
davitof a disinterested witness that the defendant
is a non-resident of this District, or has been
absent therefrom for the space of six months, the
circuit court, after the return of one summons not
found, may authorize notice of the pendency of
the petition, to be given by publication, in such
manner as it shall direct. The court shall pro-
ceed to hear and determine such cause, whenever
such summons shall have been served twenty
days, or such publication made forty days before
the commencement of the term. No judgment
for a divorce shall be rendered on default without
proof; nor shall any admissions contained in the
answer of the defendant be taken as proof of the
facts charged as the ground of the application,
but the same shaft in all cases be proved by other
evidence.
Sec. 3. And be it farther enacted, That a divorce
a vincalo matrimonii, from the bond of marriage,
may be granted in any of the following cases, to
wit:
First. Where such marriage was contracted
whilst either of the parties thureto had a former
wife or husband living, unless the former mar-
riage shall have been lawfully dissolved, and no
restraint shall have been imposed on the party
contracting such second marriage.
Second. Where such marriage was contracted
during the lunacy of either party, or where either
party was matrimonially incapacitated at the time
of the marriage.
Third. Where either party has committed adul-
tery during the marriage.
Sec. 4. And beit further enacted, That adlvovco
amcnsaetthoroCrom bed and board may begranted
for either of the following causes, to wit: cruelty
of treatment, endangering the life or health of one
of the parties; reasonable apprehension, to the
satisfaction of the court, of bodily harm; the will-
ful desertion and abandonment by the party com-
plained against, of the party complaining, for the
full, uninterrupted space of three years.
Sec.O. Andbe itfurtherenactcd, That no divorce
shall be granted for any cause which shall have
occurred out of this District, unless the party
applying for the same shall have resided within
the District for two years next preceding the
application
Sec. 6. And be it further rnncted, That upon the
dissolution of a marriage on account of either of
the parties having & former wife or husband living,
if it shall appeor that the second marriage was
contracted in good faith by the party whose sec-
ond maniage has been thus dissolved, and with
the full belief on his or her part that the former
wife or husband wasdead, that fact shall be stated
in the judgment or sentence of divorce; and the
issue of such second marriage, born or begotten
before the commencement of the suit, shall be
deemed to be the legitimate issue of the parent
who, at the time of the marriage, was capable of
contracting.
Sec. 7. And be itfurther enacted, That upon the
dissolution of a marriage on account of the lunacy
of either party at the time of such marriage, the
issue of the marriage shall be deemed to be legiti-
mate.
Sec. 8. And be itfurther enacted, That a di-
vorce for causes not hereinbefore specially pro-
vided for, shall not affect the legitimacy of the
issue of the marriage; but the legitimacy of such
issue, if questioned, shall be tried and determ-
ined, according to the cotirse of the common law.
Sec. 9. And be itfurther enacted, That in all
cases where a divorce is granted, the court allow-
ing the same shall have power, if it see fit, to
award alimony to the wife, and to retain her right
of dower, and to award to the wife such property,
or the value thereof, as she had when she was
married, or such part, or the value thereof, as
the court may deem reasonable, having a regard
to the circumstances of the husband at the time
of the divorce. The court may also, in granting
a divorce a vinculo matrimonii, restore to the wife
her maiden or other previous name.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That the
court shall have power to order and dircct, in
every case of divorce, who shall have the guard-
ianship and custody of the children of the mar-
riage so divorced, and who shall be charged with
their maintenance.
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, That the
court may also award alimony to the wife for
her sustenance during the pendency of a petition
for a divorce filed for any of the causes afore-
said.
Sec. 12. And be it further enacted, That, in case
of adultery by the wife, committed after judgment
or sentence of divorce amensaet thoro, the court
may, on the petition of the husband setting forth
and accompanied by legal proof of such adultery,
deprive the wife of alimony from the date of her
said criminal act, and rescind her right of dower,
as well as dispossess her, if the court judge fit, of
the care, custody, and guardianship of any child
or children, which, uader the original judgment
of the court in granting the divorce, may have
been assigned to her.
Sec. 13. And be it further enacted, That a wife
deserted by her husband may, at any time after
such desertion, apply to the court in session, or
to either one of the judges thereof, when the court
is not in session, for an order to protectany money
or other property, real or personal, of which she
may have become possessed after such desertion,
against her husband or his creditors, or any one
claiming through or under him; and the court or
a judge thereof, as the case may be, if the fact of
such desertion be proved by evidence other than
that of the wife herself, and that the same was
without reasonable cause, and that the wife is
maintaining herself by her own industry or prop-
erty) may make and give to the wife an order
protecting her earnings, money, and property
aforesaid,real or personal,acquired since thecom-
moncementof such desertion, from her husband
and all creditors and persons claiming through
or under him, and such earnings, money or prop-
erty aforesaid shall belong to the wife as if she
were a feme sole: Provided ahoays, That every
such order shall, within ten days after the mak-
ing and giving thereof. Ue entered by the clerk of
the court on the records of the county of Wash-
ington, in the District of Columbia; and that it
shall be lawful for the husband and any creditor
claiming through or under him, to apply to the
court in session for the discharge thereof, and he
may obtain it if, in the judgment of the court,
good cause shall be shown why such order, by
reason of fraud or of repugnance to the objects of
this section, should not have been first made and
given: Provided also. That if the husband, or any
creditor of or person claiming through or under
him, shall seize or continue to hold any property
of the wife after notice and record of any such or-
der, then the husband or such person shall be liable
at the suit of the wife (which she is hereby em-
powered to bring) to restore to her the specific
property, and also for a sum equal to double the
value of the property so seized or held after such
notice aforesaid; and if any such order of protec-
tion be made, the wife shall, during the contin-
uance thereof, be and be deemed to have been,
during such desertion of her, in the like position
in ail respects with regard to property and con-
tracts and suing and being sued as she would be
if a feme sole.
Approved, June 39, 1860.
Chap. CLXII.—An Act making Appropriations
forLight-Houses,Beacons,Buoys,andsoforth.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the following appropriations be,
and the same arc hereby, made, and directed to
be paid, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, to enable the Secretary of
the Treasury to carry the provisions of this act
into effect: Provided, however, That if&good title
to any land, which -it may be necessary to use,
cannot bo obtained on reasonable terms, or the
exclusive right to such land cannot be acquired
by ccssion, when the interest of the United States
demands it, before the appropriation would, by
law, fall into the surplus fund, in any and all such
cases the appropriations shall be applicable to the
objects for which they are made, at any time
within two years after the first meeting of the
Legislature of any State \yherein such land may
be situated, subsequent to the passage of this act,
to wit:
Massachusetts.—For a light-house at Duxbury,
in Plymouth harbor, five thousand dollars.
For the purchase of a suitable lot of land, and
the erection thereon of a building for the use of
the Light-House Board, at Wood's Hole, Great
Harbor, in the town of Falmouth, five thousand
dollars.
For a light-ship or light-house, in the discre-
tion of the Secretary of the Treasury, on the
recommendation of the Light-House Board, on,
or near, the Hen and Chickens, at the entrance
of Buzzard's bay, thirty-five thousand dollars.
For a survey to determine the proper site for
a light-house at, or near, the Sow and Pigs, at
the entrance of Buzzard's bay, one thousand dol-
lars.
Rhode Island.—Fortheestablishment of beacons
on Connimmicut. Point, and Bullock's Point, in
Providence river, thiee thousand dollars.
For a survey of and for buoying out Seekonk
river, between Seekonk and Providence, five hun-
dred dollars.
Connecticut.—For the reestablish mcntand alter-
ation of the beacon light on Long Wharf, at New
Haven, two thousand dollars.
For a fog-bell to be rung by machinery at the
Stratford light-house, twelve hundred dollars.
For enabling the Light-House Board, under the
direction of the Secretary of the Treasury, to
experiment with Daboll's and other car signals,
and to purchase the signal erected by Daboll,and
now in operation at New London, six thousand
dollars.
A'eic York.—For the erection of a stone beacon
on Mill Reef, live thousand dollars.
For three beacon lights upon the Hudson river,
between Albany and Troy, two thousand dol-
lars.
For a beacon light at Oak Orchard, Lake Onta-
rio, three thousand five hundred dollars.
Michigan.—For lebuilding the lowers at White
Fish Point, Detour, and Manitou Island, all on
the coast of Lake Superior, forty-five thousand
dollars.
For a light-house at Bertraw bay, six thousand
dollars.
For a light-house at or near Tawas City, six
thousand dollars.
For a light-house at the mouth of Manistee
river, five thousand dollars.
For one or two beacon lights, at the discretion
of the Secretary of the Treasury, at the entrance
to Grand Island bay and harbor, Lake Superior,
six thousand dollars.
For a fog-bell at Grand Haven light-house, fif-
teen thousand dollars.
For a range of lights for Copper harbor, Lake
Superior, with a fog-bell, or such other signal as
the Secretary of the Treasury, on the recom-
