1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
909
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there unanimous
consent for the consideration of the bill at this
time?
Mr. PUGH. I object to its present consider-
ation. I think the bill ought to be printed, and
laid over.
Mr. DAVIS. I offer the amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will state
to the Senator from Mississippi that the bill can-
not be considered at this time, objection having
been made.
Mr. DAVIS. I offer the amendment, to be con-
sidered when the bill comes up.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. BROWN presented the petition of L. A.
Gobright and others, in behalf of the Grand
Lodge of the Independent Order of Odd Fellows,
of the District of Columbia, praying an act of
incorporation; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia.
Mr'. WILSON presented a petition of merchants
and underwriters of the city of Boston, Massa-
chusetts, praying that the Isabel, or some other
suitable steamer, may be employed to carry the
mails between Charleston, Key West, and Ha-
vana; which was referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. DOOLITTLE presented a petition of citi-
zens of Wisconsin, praying that the Post Office
Department may receive such support from the
Government as will make it free to all; which
was referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads
Mr. PUGH presented the petition of John
Cradlebaugh, one of the associate justices of the
supreme court of the Territory of Utah, praying
payment of the expenses of transporting the
books, papers, &c., of the second judicial court
of that Territory; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
He also presented a petition of citizens of Law-
rence county, Ohio, praying Congress to levy
specific duties on foreign iron; which was referred
to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. CAMERON presented seventeen petitions
of manufacturers, coal operators, merchants, farm-
ers, mechanics, miners, and laborers, of Schuyl-
kill county, Pennsylvania, praying such change
in the tariff as shall afford protection to the indus-
trial and productive interests of the country, the
abolition or a radical change in the waiehouse
system, and the substitution of specific for ad
valorem duties; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
PAPERS "WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. IVERSON, it was
Ordered, That the resolutions of the Legislature of Geor-
gia, in favor of the appointment of a commission for the
purpose of obtaining information relative to the southern
pine timber region of the United States, on the files of the
Senate, be referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
On motion of Mr. POWELL, it was
Ordered, That leave be granted to withdraw from the
files of the Senate the petitions of John Barbee and otheis,
and David R. Burbank and others, praying for an examina-
tion of a tiller-rope protector, patented by W. Y. GUI.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. CLAY, from the Committee on Pensions,
to whom was referred the memorial of Frederick
L. Colclaser, late a soldier in the Army, praying
to be allowed a pension, submitted a report, ac-
companied by a bill (S. No. 232) for the relief of
Frederick L. Colclaser. The bill was read, and
passed to a second reading; and the report was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee on Military
Affairs and Militia, to whom was referred the pe-
tition of Flonan Kern, praying the reimburse-
ment of expenses incurred in raising a company
of volunteers for the Mexican war. submitted an
adverse report; which was ordered to be printed1.
Mr. POWELL, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the petition of Thomas
O'Sulhvan, praying to be allowed a pension, sub-
mitted an adverse' report; which was ordered to
be printed.
Mr. WILKINSON, from the Committtee on
Pensions, to whom was referred the petition ot
Alice Hunt, widow of Thomas Hunt, formerly
a captain in the Army, praying to be allowed a
Eension, submitted a report, accompanied by a
ill (S. No. 233) for the relief of Alice Hunt,
widow of Thomas Hunt. The bill was read, and
passed to a second reading; and the report was
ordered to be printed.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr FOSTER asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
234) relating to the proceedings of the circuit and
district courts of the United States; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
MARINE HOSPITALS.
Mr. GRIMES. I desire to offer a resolution.
As it is a mere resolution of inquiry, I desire that
it may be passed at this time:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury he directed
to inform the Senate of the number and location of marine
hospitals; the number of seamen or patients admitted into
each, front 1854 to 1859, inclusive, in each year ; the num-
ber and compensation of the pei&ons employed in each;
and the total expenditure at each hospital for each of the
years aforesaid.
Mr. PUGH. That matter has been referred to
a committee of the Senate for examination, and it
seems to me that it is not worth while to have
this document sent here, and nut us to the ex-
pense of printing it. No douot the committee
will ascertain all this information. Unless the
chairman of the Committee on Commerce desires
it, I prefer that the resolution should lie over.
Mr. CLAY. 1 have no objection to the reso-
lution. I will say, however, that the subject is
before the Committee on Commerce on two reso-
lutions which have already been submitted to that
committee, and will be*reportcd on hereafter. I
shall not object to this resolution, because it can
do no harm.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hears
no objection to the consideration of the resolution.
The resolution was agreed to.
MEXICAN HOSTILITIES.
Mr. MASON submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous consent,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to communicate to the Senate, if m his opinion
not incompatible with the public interest, any communi-
cation he tnay have received from the Governor of the State
of Texas, and the documents accompanying it, concerning
alleged hostilities now existing on the Ilio Grande, between
the citizens or the military authorities of Mcxico and that
State respectively.
COLLECTION OP THE REVENUE.
Mr. TRUMBULL submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved. That the Secretary of the Treasury he directed
to report to Senate the amount of revenue collected in
each collection di-tuct foi cach of the years from June 30,
1854, to June 3D, 1609, and the amount expended, and the
number of persons employed in each distiiet m the collec-
tion of the revenue for each of those years.
EMPLOYES.
On motion of Mr. BRIGHT, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolutions sub-
mitted by him, from the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds, on the 26th of January:
Resolved. That the Commuted to Audit and Control the
Contingent Expenses of the Senate is hereby authorized to
place the names of the persons employed on the heating
and ventilating, gas and watei apparatus of the north wing
of the Capitoi, upon the pay rolls of the contingent innd of
the Senate: and they shall* be paid lor the prj>ent month
the sumo compensation? as are now allowed to the persons
i in the bume positions in the south winy of the Capitol.
I Resolved, Thai all persons employed on the heating and
j ventilating, sa* and water apparatus of the north wing of
! the Capitol, shall be undei the control oi, and shall receive
directions from, the Seigeant-at-Arm^ of the Senate.
Mr. BRIGHT. An amendment is necessary,
in consequence of the delay in passing the reso-
lutions. I move to strike out the words u for the
present month,'1 and insert "from and after the
1st daj'of January, 1860."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BRIGHT. If any explanation is neces-
sary as to the object of the resolutions, I ask the
Secretary to read a letter from the superintendent
of the Capitol extension, which will explain the
whole matter.
The Secretary read the letter, as follows:
Office United States Capitol E\te>sion^
Washington. December 1*2, 1859.
Sir: I have the honor to inform you that the heating and
ventilating apparatus oi the north wins i> now leady to turn
over to the control oi the oiliccr> oi the Senate.
Since the adjournment of the la-<t Congress, some altera-
tions have be« n made in the air-duets by Captain Meigs,
my predecessor, which it is believed have improved the
distribution of the heated air. If the arrangement is now
satisfactory to the Senate, there seems to be no reason why
its proper officers should not take charge of the apparatus
so that the appropriation for the Capitol extension may be
relieved from the burden of it? support.
I inclose with this a hst of the persons employed in tak-
ing care of the apparatus, with their rates of daily pay.
These persons are six in number, and have charge of the
two engines and ventilating fans, the boileis, steam and
water pipes, registers, and all other parts of the heating and
ventilating apparatus, and do al! the work connected with
it. They have been employed upon the work for some
time, and the engineer and his assistant have icceived a
thorough training in the proper manipulation of the ma-
chinery, in all its parts. They are competent, too, to man-
age the gas and water fittings of the north wing, and the
care of these fittings might properly be turned over to
them.
I lespectfully recommend that these persons be retained
in their present positions, as their removal, and the appoint-
ment of inexperienced persons, might cause serious incon-
venience to the Senate, by the derangement of the entire
apparatus.
Whatever directions may be given by the Senate, as to
the steps to be taken to carry out its views of this matter,
will be cheerfully complied with,and all possible informa-
tion, as to the annual expense of the maintenance of the
apparatus, wiil be given to the officer whose duty it is to
take charge of it.
I am, very respectfully, vour obedient servant,
W. B. FRANKLIN,
Captain of Topographical Engineers
in charge Capitol Extension.
Hon. John C. Breckinridge, Vice Presidentof the Untied
States and President of the Senate.
Mr. HALE. I shall not vote against the reso-
lution; but I perceive that it is based on a contin-
gency which 1 wish to protest against. The officer
says that, if the arrangement is satisfactory, he
wants the thing done so and so. It is not satis-
factory to me at all; and I give notice that, at no
very distant day, I shall endeavor to find out what
is the sense of the Senate on this arrangement. I
would rather sit in the old Senate Chamber than
here; but I shall not interpose any objection to the
resolution now.
The resolution, as amended, was agreed to.
DISBURSING OFFICERS.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I should be very glad
to call up a little resolution which has been lying
before the Senate for some time. It passed the
Senate at the last session, and has been reported
by the Committee on Commerce at this session.
It is merely to facilitate the settlement of the ac-
counts of certain disbursing officers, who were
charged v/ith the improvement of the Ohio river,
some years ago, and a certain sum was appropri-
ated to build the boats necessary for the purpose,
and a certain other sum for the improvement of
the river. It is found that the sum appropriated
for buildingthe boats was somewhat deficient, and
a part of the money intended to go to the im-
provement of the river was applied to the build-
ing of the boats. That is all.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Kentucky, that he is
obliged at this hour to call up the special order.
Does the Senator ask unanimous consent to con-
sider the joint resolution to which he refers?
Mr. CIIITTENDEN. I do.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hears
no objection.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. It was the intention of
the Senator from Alabama [Mr. Clay] to call it
up; but I do not see him here now.
The VICE PRESIDENT, (after a pause.)
The Secretary has a difficulty m finding the reso-
lution referred to.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. If the Clerk cannot find
it, and it can be takrn up at the next sitting of
the Senate, I will not press my motion now.
ADMISSION OF KANSAS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ The Chair now
calls up the special order, being jhe unfinished
business of yesterday, which is a bill to authorize
the sale of public arms to the several States and
Territories. *
Mr. SEWARD. By the courtesy of the Sen-
ate, as I undfistood, I was to have the privilege
to-day of calling up the bill which I submitted
some days asro for the admission of Kansas. I
ask that that bill mav now have its second reading.
Thg VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
New York moves to postpone the special order
with a view to take up the bill for the admission
of Kansas into the Union.
Mr. DAVIS. To what time is it proposed to
postpone the special order5
