1860.
TteE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
911
States maintained that Congress had supreme
legislative power within the domain, and could
and ought to exclude slavery there. The ques-
tion thus opened Was one which related not at all
to slavery in the existing capital States. It was
purely and simply a national question whether
the common interest of the whole Republic re-
quired that Arkansas, Missouri, Kansas, and Ne-
braska, should become capital States, with all the
evils and dangers of slavery, or be labor States,
with all the security, benefits, and blessings of
freedom. On the decision was suspended! the
question, as was thought, whether ultimately the
interior of this new continent should be an asy-
lum for the oppressed and the exile, coming year
after year and age after age, voluntarily from every
other civilized land, as well as for the children of
misfortune in our own, or whether, through the
renewal of the African slave trade, those magnifi-
cent and luxuriant regions should be surrendered
to the control of capital, wringing out the fruits of
the earth through the impoverishing toil of negro
slaves. That question of 1820 was identically the
question of 1860, so far as principle, and even the
held of its application was concerned. Every ele-
ment of the controversy now present entered it
then; the rightfulness or the wrongfulness^of sla-
very; its effects, present and future; the constitu-
tional authority of Congress; the claims of the
States, and of their citizens; the nature of the
Federal Union, whether it is a compact between
the States, or an independent Government; the
spring^of its powers, and the ligatures upon their
exercise. All these wer'e discussed with zeal and
ability which have never been surpassed. His-
tory tells us, I know not how truly, that the Union
reeled under the vehemence of that great debate.
Patriotism took counsel from prudence, and en- I
forced a settlement which has proved to be not a i
final one; and which, as is now seen, practically i
left open all the great political issues which were
involved. Missouri and Arkansas were admitted
as capital States, while labor obtained, as a res-
ervation, the abridged but yet comprehensive field
of Kansas and Nebraska.
Now, when the present conditions of the va-
rious parts of the jLouisianian Territory are ob-
served, and we see that capital retains undisputed
possession of what it then obtained, while labor
is convulsing the country with so hard and so
prolonged a struggle to regain the lost equivalent
which was then guarantied to it under circum-
stances of so great solemnity, we may well desire
not to be undeceived if the Missouri compromise
was indeed unnecessarily accepted by the free
States influenced by exaggerations of the dangers
of disunion. The Missouri debate disclosed truths
of great moment for ulterior use:
First. That it is easy to combine the capital
States in defense of even external interests, while
it is hard to unite the labor States m a common
policy.
Second. That the labor States have a natural
loyalty to the Union, while the capital States
have a natural facility for alarming that loyalty
by threatening disunion.
Third. That the capital States do not practi-
cally distinguish between legitimate and constitu-
tional resistance to the extension of slavery in
the common Territories of the Union, and uncon-
stitutional aggression against slavery established
by local laws in the capital States.
The early political parties were organized with-
out reference to slavery. But since 1820, Euro-
pean questions have left us practically uncon-
cerned. There has been a great increase of inven-
tion, mining, manufacture, and cultivation. Steam
on land and on water has quickened commerce.
Ths. press and the telegraph have attained-pro-
digious activity, and the social intercourse be-
tween the States and their citizens has been
immeasurably increased; and consequently, their
mutual relations affecting slavery have been, for
many years, subjects of earnest and often excit-
ed discussion. It is in my way only to show
how such disputes have operated on the course
of political events—not to reopen them for argu-
ment here. There was a slave insurrection in
Virginia. Virginia and Kentucky debated, and
to tiie great sorrow of the free States, rejected the
system of voluntary labor. The Colonization So-
ciety was established with much favor in the cap-
ital States. Emancipation societies arose in the
free States. South Carolina instituted proceed-
ings to nullify obnoxious Federal revenue laws.
The capital States complained of courts and leg-
islatures in the labor States for interpreting the
constitutional provision for the surrender of fugi-
tives from service so as to treat them as persons,
and not property, and they discriminated against
colored persons of the labor States, when they
came to the capital States. They denied, in Con-
gress, the right of petition, and embarrassed or
denied freedom of debate on the subject of slavery.
Presses, which undertook the defense of the labor
system in the capital States, were suppressed by
violence, and even in the labor States, public
assemblies, convened to consider slavery ques-
tions, were dispersed by mobs sympathizing with
the capital States.
The Whig party, being generally an opposition
party, practiced some forbearance toward the in-
terest of labor. The Democratic party, not with-
outdemonstrations of dissent, was generally found
sustaining the policy of capital. A disposition
towards the removal of slavery from the presence
of the national Capitol appeared in the District of
Columbia. Mr. Van Buicn, a Democratic Presi-
dent, launched a prospective veto against the anti-
cipated measure. A DemocraticCongress brought
Texas into the Union, stipulating practically for
its future reorganization in four slave States. Mex-
ico was incensed. War ensued. The labor States
asked that the Mexican law of liberty, which cov-
ered the Territories brought in by the treaty of
peace, might remain and be confirmed. The Dem-
ocratic party refused. The Missouri debate of
182u> recurred now, under circumstances ©f heat
and excitement, in relation to these conquests.
The defenders of labor took alarm lest the num-
ber of new capital States might become so great
as to enable that class of States to dictate the
whole policy of the Government; and in case of
constitutional resistance, then to form a new slave-
holding confederacy around the Gulf of Mexico.
By this time the capital States seemed to have
become fixed in a determination that the Federal
Government, and even the labor States, should
recognize their slaves, though outside of the slave
States and within the Territories of the United
States, as property of which the master could not
be in any way or by any authority divested; and
the labor States, having become now more essen-
tially Democratic than ever before, by reason of
the great development of free labor, more firmly
than ever insisted on the constitutional doctrine
that slaves voluntarily carried by their masters
into the common Territories or into labor States,
are persons, men.
Under the auspicious influences of a Whig suc-
cess, California and New Mexico appeared before
Congress as labor States. The capital States re-
fused to consent to their admission into the Union;
and again threats of disunion carried terror and
consternation throughout the land. Another com-
promise was made. Specific enactments admitted
California as a labor State, and remanded New
Mexico and Utah to remain Territories, with the
right to choose freedom or slavery when ripened
into States, while they gave new remedies for the
recaption of fugitives from service, and abolished
the open slave market in the District of Columbia.
These new enactments, collated with the existing
statutes, namely, the ordinance of 1787, the Mis-
souri prohibitory law of 1820, and the articles of
Texas annexation, disposed by law of the sub-
ject of slavery in all the Territories of the United
States. And so the compromise of 1850 was pro-
nounced a full, final, absolute, and comprehensive
settlement of all existing* and all possible disputes
concerning slavery under the Federal authority.
The two great parties, fearful for the Union, struck
hands in making and m presenting this as an ad-
justment, never afterwards to be opened, disturbed,
or even questioned, and the people accepted it by
majorities unknown before. The new President,
chosen overall illustrious rival, unequivocally on
the ground of greater ability, even if not more
reliable purpose to maintain the new treaty invio-
late, made haste to justify this expectation when
Congress assembled. He said:
When the grave shall have closed overall who are now
endeavoring to meet tne obligation-? of duty, the year 18,)0
will be rcciirred to as a period filled with anxiety and ap-
prehension. A successful war had just terminated; peace
brought with it a greataugmentationof territory. Disturb-
ing questions aiose bearing upon the domestic institutions
of a portion of the Confederacy, and involving the consti-
tutional rights of the States, ftut. notwithstanding differ-
ences of opinion and sentiment, in relation to details ,and
specific provisions, the acquiescence of distinguished citi-
zens, whose devotion to the Union can never be doubted,
has given renewed vigor to our institutions, and restored a
sense of security and repose to the public mind throughout
the Confederacy. That this repose is to suffer no shock
during my official term, if I h ve the power to avert it,
those who placcd me here may be assured.99
Hardly, however, had these inspiring* sounds
died away, throughouta reassured and delighted
land, before the" national repose was shocked
again; shocked, indeed, as it had never before
been, and smitten this time by a blow from the
very hand that had just released the chords.of the
national harp from their utterance of that exalted
symphony of peace.
Kansas and Nebraska, the long-devoted reser-
vation of labor and freedom, saved in the agony
of national fear in 1820, and saved again in the
panic of 1850, were now to be opened by Con-
gress, that the never-ending course of seed time
and harvest might begin. The slave capitalists of
Missouri, from their own well-assured homes on
the eastern banks of their noble river, looked
down upon and coveted the fertile prairies of Kan-
sas; while a sudden terror ran through all the cap-
ital States, whr n they saw a seeming certainty
that at last a new labor State would be built on
their western border, inevitably fraught, as they
said, with a near or remote abolition of slavery.
What could be done ? Congress could hardly be
expected to intervene directly for their safety so
soon after the compromise of 1850. The labor
hive of the free States was distant, the way new,
unknown, and not without perils. Missouri was
near and watchful, and held the keys of the gates
of Kansas. She might seize the new ancksmiling
Territory by surprise, if only Congress would
remove the barrier established in 1820. The con-
juncture was favorable. Clay and Webster, the
distinguished citizens whose unquestionable de-
votion to the Union-was manifested by their ac-
quiescence in the compromise of 1850, had gone
down already into their honored graves. The
labor States had dismissed many of their repre-
sentatives here for too great fidelity to freedom,
and too great distrust of the efficacy of that'new
bond of peace, and had replaced them with par-
tisans who were only timid, but not unwilling-
The Democratic President and Congress hesitated,
but not long. They revised the last great com-
promise, and found, with delighted surprise, that
it was so far from confirming the law of freedom
of 1820, that, on the other hand, it exactly pro-
vided for the abrogation of that venerated statute;
nay, that the compromise itself actually killed the
spirit of the Missouri law, and devolved on Con-
gress the duty of removing the lifeless letter from
the national code. The deed was done. The new
enactment not onlj repealed the Missouri prohi-
bition of slavery, but it pronounced the people of
Kansas and Nebraska perfectly free to establish
freedom or slavery; and pledged Congress to ad-
mit them in due time as States, either of capital
or of labor, into the Union. The Whig repre-
sentatives of the capital States, in an hour of
strange bewilderment, concurred; and the Whig
party instantly went down, never to rise again.
Democrats seceded, and stood aloof; the country
was confounded; and, amid the perplexities of the
hour, a Republican party was seen gathering itself
together with much earnestness, but with little
show of organization, to rescue, if it were not
now too late, the cause of freedom and labor, so
unexpectedly and grievously imperiled in the
Territories of the United States.
I will not linger over the sequel. The popular
sovereignty of Kansas proved to be the State sov-
ereignty of Missouri, not only in the persons of
the rulers, but even in the letter of an arbitrary
and cruel code. The perfect freedom proved to be
a hateful and intolerable bondage. From 1855 to
1860, Kansas, sustained and encouraged only by
the Republican party, has been engaged m suc-
cessive and ever-varying struggles, which have
taxed all her virtue, wisdom, moderation, ener-
gies, and resources, and often even her physical
strength and martial courage, to save herself from
being betrayed into the Lnion as a slave State.
Nebraska, though choosing freedom, is, through
the direct exercise of the Executive power, over-
riding her own will,held as a slave Territory; and
New Mexico has relapsed voluntarily into the prac-
tice of slavery, from which she had redeemed her-
self while she yet remained a part of the Mexican
