I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
489
Laws of the United, States.
86th Gong....1st Sess.
ment of the east, twenty thousand five hundred
and seventy-eight dollars and fifty cents; at Be-
nicid barracks, in the department of California,
three hundred and six dollars and seventy-live
cents; at Port Vancouver, in the department of
Oregon,seven thousand six hundred and seventy-
three dollars.
For mileage, or the allowance made to officers
of the Army for the transportation of themselves
and their baggage, when traveling on duty with-
out troops, escorts, or supplies, one hundred and
twenty-live thousand dollars.
For transportation of the Army, including the
baggage of the troops when moving either by land
01 water; of clothing, camp, and garrison equipage,
from thedepotatPhiladelphia to the several posts
and Array depots, and from those depots to the
troops in the field; of'horse equipments, and of
subsistence from the places of purchase and from
the places of delivery under contract, to such places
as the circumstances of the service may require
them to be sent; of ordnance, ordnance stores, and
small arms from founderies and armories to the
arsenals, fortifications, frontier posts, and Army
depots; freights, wharfage, tolls, and ferriages;
for the purchase and hire of horses, mules, and
oxen, and the purchase and repair of wagons,
carts,and drays, and of ships, and other sea-going
vessels, and boats required for the transportation
of supplies, and for garrison purposes; for diay-
age andcartage at the several posts; hire of team-
sters; transportation offunds for the payand other
disbursing departments; the expense of sailing
public transports on the various rivers, the Gulf
of Mexico, and the Atlantic and Pacific; and for
procuring water at such posts as, from their situ-
ation, require that it be brought from a distance;
and for clearing roads, and removing obstructions
therein to the extent which may be required for
the actual opeiationsof the troops on the frontier,
two million three hundred and sixty thousand
dollars.
For the purchase of horses for the two regi-
ments of dragoons, the two regiments of cavalry,
and the regiment of mounted riflemen, one hun-
dred and fifteen thousand dollars.
For contingencies of the Army, twenty-five
thousand dollars.
For the medical and hospital departments, sev-
enty-six thousand two hundred and twenty-five
dollars and fifty cents.
For contingent expenses of the Adjutant Gen-
eral's department at department headquarters,five
hundred dollars.
For compensation of the clerk and messenger
in the office of the commanding general, two thou-
sand dollars.
For contingent expenses of the office of the
commanding general, three hundred dollars
For armament of fortifications, two hundred
thousand dollars.
Foi tile current expenses of the ordnance ser-
vice, one hundred and fifty-six thousand dollars.
For oiduance, ordnance stores, and supplies,
including horse equipments for the mounted regi-
ments, two hundred and fifty thousand dollars.
For horses and horse medicines for the batte-
ries of light artillery, thirty thousand dollars.
For the manufacture of arms at the national
armories, two hundred and fifty thousand dol-
lars.
For repairs and improvements and new ma-
chinery at Springfield armory, Massachusetts, of
which twelve thousand dollars may be applied to
the purchase of land on the north side of the new
water shops, sixty-three thousand six hundred
and twenty-five dollars.
For repairs and improvements and new ma-
chinery at Harper's Ferry armory, sixty-five
thousand five hundred dollars.
For the Allegheny arsenal, six thousand three
hundred and fifty-eight dollars.
For the Benicia arsenal, fifty thousand dollars.
For Charleston arsenal, fifteen thousand dollars.
For Fort Monroe arsenal, twenty-three thou-
sand four hundred and fifty dollars.
For New York arsenal, one thousand one hun-
dred dollars.
For Nutth Caiolina arsenal, repairs, and gas
fixtures, five thousand five hundred dollars.
For St. Louis arsenal, three thousand seven
hundred and fifty dollars.
For Texas arsenal, forty-three thousand dol-
lars.
For Washington arsenal, two thousand five
hundred dollars.
For Watertown arsenal, two thousand five
hundred dollars.
For Watervliet arsenal, eleven thousand dol-
lars.
For contingencies of arsenals, twenty thousand
dollars.
For surveys for military .defenses, geograph-
ical explorations,andreconnoissancesfor military
purposes, and surveys with the armies in the field,
fifty thousand dollars.
For purchase and repairs of instruments, ten
thousand dollars.
For printing charts of lake surveys, ten thou-
sann dollars.
For continuing the survey of the northern and
northwestern lakes, including Lake Superior,
seventy-five thousand dollars.
For the manufacture or purchase of apparatus
and equipments for field signals, two thousand
dollars. And that there be added to the staff of
the Army one signal officer, with the rank, pay,
and allowances of a major of cavalry, who shall
have charge, under the direction of the Secretary
of War, of all signal duty, and of all books, pa-
pers, and apparatus connected therewith.
For surveys and selections of site^, and for
plans and estimates for military posts on or near
the valley of the Red River of the North, between
the forty-sixth and forty-ninth degrees of north
latitude, and at or near Fort Cobb, in the Indian
Territory, five thousand dollars, and that a re-
port thereon be made to the next session of Con-
gress.
For reconstructing the stables at Carlisle bar-
racks, eight thousand and fifty dollars.
To enable the Third Auditor of the Treasury
to settle the suspended accounts of officers for
disbursements through the Quartermaster Gen-
eral 's department for supplies furnished and stores
transported for the three companies of volunteers
celled into the service of the United States in the
Territory of Kansas, in eighteen hundred and
fifty-six, by authority of the War Department,
the sum of five thousand dollars, or so much
thereof as may be necessary.
To enable the Secretary of the Interior to re-
store to their relatives in Wisconsin four orphan
children of Edward Miltimore, whose parents and
brothers and sisters were massacred on or about
the thirty-first day of August, eighteen hundred
and fifty-nine, about one hundred miles north of
Salt Lake City, by a party of Indians, (or Mor-
mons disguised as such,) and who escaped the
massacre and found refuge at Camp Floyd, fifteen
hundred dollars.
Sec. 2. Jind be it further enacted, That there be
added to the medical corps of the Army four sur-
geons and fourassistantsargeons, to he appointed
in accordance with the existing laws.
Sec. 3. Jlnd be it farther enacted, That the fol-
lowing sums be, and they are hereby, appropri-
ated, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, for the following fortifi-
cations:
Fort Montgomery, Lake Champlain, New
York, ten thousand dollars.
Fort Knox, Penobscot bay, Maine, twenty
thousand dollars.
Fort on Hog Island Ledge, Portland harbor,
Maine, thirty thousand dollars.
Fort Winthrop, Boston harbor,Massachusetts,
ten thousand dollars.
Fort at the entrance of New Bedford harbor4,
Massachusetts, twenty-five thousand dollars.
Fort Adams, Newport harbor, Rhode Island,
five thousand dollars.
Fort Richmond, Staten Island, New York, fif-
teen thousand dollars.
Fort on the site of Fort Tompkins, Staten Isl-
and, New York, twenty-five thousand dollars.
Additional batteries at Fort Hamilton, at the
Narrows, New York, fifty thousand dollars.
Fort Carroll, Baltimore harbor, Maryland, fifty
thousand dollars.
Fort Delaware, Delaware river, fifty thousand
dollars. . .
Fort Monroe, Hampton Roads, Virginia, five
thousand dollars.
Artesian well at Fort Monroe, six thousand
dollars.
Repairing Government bridge over Mill creek,
near Fort Monroe, five hundred dollars.
Fort Calhoun, Hampton Roads, Virginia, fifty
thousand dollars.
For repairs of Fort Moultrie, Charleston har-
bor, South Carolina, eight thousand five hundred
dollars.
Fort Clinch, Amelia Island, Florida, thirty
thousand dollars.
Fort Taylor, Key West, Florida, seventy thou-
sand dollars.
Fort Jefferson, Garden Key, Florida, seventy-
five thousand dollars.
Fort McRee, and preservation of site, Pensa-
cola, Florida, ten thousand dollars.
Fort Gaines, Dauphin Island, Mobile bay, Ala-
bama, twenty thousand dollars.
Fortifications on Ship Island, coast of Missis-
sippi, twenty thousand dollars.
Fort Jackson, on Mississippiriver,fifteen thou-
sand dollars.
Fort St. Philip, on Mississippiriver, ten thou-
sand dollars.
Fortifications for defense of entrance into Gal-
veston harbor, twenty thousand dollars.
Fort at Fort Point, San Francisco, including
outworks, fifty thousand dollars.
Fort at Alcatraz Island, San Francisco bay,
California, twenty-five thousand dollars.
Contingent expenses of fortifications, preserva-
tion of sites, protection of titles, and repair of
sudden damage, thirty thousand dollars.
Sec. 4. Andbe it further enacted. That the allow-
ance of sugar and coffec to the non-commissioned
officers, musicians, and privates of the Army, aa
fixed by the seventeenth section of the act of the
fifth of July, eighteen hundred and thirty-eight,
shall hereafter be ten pounds of coffee and fifteen
pounds of sugar for every one hundred rations.
Sec. 5. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the Sec-
retary of War be, and he is hereby, authorized
and directed, out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated, to pay to the State of
Iowa such sums of money as were paid by that
State to troops called out by the Governor of Iowa
in eighteen hundred and fifty-seven,eighteenhun-
dred and fifty-eight, and eighteen hundred and
fifty-nine, to protect the frontier from Indian in-
cursions: Provided, The Secretary shall be satis-
fied that there was a necessity for calling out these
troops; that the amounts have been actually paid
by the State; that no greater pay or allowances
be given than were received by officers and sol-
diers of equal grade at that period in the United
States Army, and that the amount so to be paid
shall not exceed the sum of eighteen thousand
nine hundred and eighty-eight dollars and eigh ty-
four cents: Provided further, That compensation
shall only be allowed for the period during which
said troops were actively employed in military
service.
Sec. G. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the pro-
visions of the second section of the act of third
March, eighteen hundred and fifty-nine, chapter
eighty-three, be extended so as to include all the
I moneys advanced by the State of Texas in pay-
ment of volunteers called out in defense of the
frontier of that State, smee the twenty-eighth of
! February, eighteen hundred and fifty-five: Pro-
' tided, The Secretary of War shall be satisfied that
there was necessity for calling out these troops;
that they were called out by competent authority,
and that the amount so claimed was actually paid
by the said State. And that the amount hereby
i provided for shall not exceed the sum of one hun-
! dred and twenty-three thousand five hundred and
I forty-four dollars and fifty-one cents: Provided
I further, That compensation shall only be allowed
| for the period during which such troops were
actively employed in military service.
! Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That the
I twelfth section of the act of third March, eighteen
ij hundred and fifty-seven, be extended so as to
i embrace the pay proper and allowances of the
militia of New Mexico therein named: Provided,
They shall receive no greater payand allowances
than were given to officers and soldiers of equal
grade at that period in the United States service,
and that the amount hereby appropriated shall
not exceed the sum of seventy-four thousand and
