THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBti.
February 29.
Republic. Meantime, the Democratic party,ad-
vancing fi-qm the ground of popular sovereignty
as far as that ground is from the ordinance of
1787, now stands on the position that both terri-
torial governments and Congress are incompetent
to legislate against slavery in the Territories, while
they are not only competent, but are obliged, when
it is necessary, to legislate for its protection there.
In this new and extreme position the Demo-
cratic party now masks itself behind the battery
of the Supreme Corn t, as if it were possibly a
true construction of the Constitution, that the
power, of deciding practically forever between
freedom and slavery in a portion of the continent
far exceeding all that is yet organized, should be
renounced by Congress, which alone possesses
any legislative authority, and should be assumed
and exercised by a court which can only take
cognizance of the great question collaterally, in a
private action between individuals, and which
action the Constitution will not suffer the court to
entertain, if it involves twenty dollars of money,
without the overruling intervention of a jury of
twelve good and lawful men of the neighborhood
where the litigation arises. The independent,
ever-renewed, and ever-reeurring representative
Parliament, Diet, Congress, or Legislature, is the
one chief, paramount, essential,indispensable in-
stitution in a Republic. Even liberty, guarantied
by organic law, yet if it be held by other tenure
than the guardian care of such a representative
popular assembly, is but precariously maintained,
while slavery , enforced by an irresponsible judi-
cial tribunal, is the completest possible develop-
ment of despotism.
Mr. President, did ever the annals of any Gov-
ernment show a more rapid or more complete de-
parture from the wisdom and virtue of its found-
ers? Did ever the Government of a great empire,
founded on the rights of human labor, slide away
so fast and so far, and moor itself so tenaciously
on the basis of capital, and that capital invested
in laboring men ? Did ever a free representative
Legislature, invested with powers so great, and
with the guardianship of rights so important, of
trusts so sacred, of interests so precious, and of
hopes at once so noble and so comprehensive, sur-
render and renounce them all so unnecessarily, so
unwisely, so fatally, and so inglonously ? If it
be true, as every instinct of our nature, and every
precept of political experience teaches us, that
" II! fares the land, to hastening ills a prev,
Where wealth accumulates, ami men decay,"
then where in Ireland, in Italy, m Poland, or in
Hungary, has any ruler prepared for a generous
and confiding people disappointments, disasters,
and calamities equal to those which the Govern-
ment of the United States holds now suspended
over so large a portion of the continent of North
America ?
Citizens of the United States, in the spirit of
this policy, subverted the free Republic of Nic-
aragua, and opened it to slavery and the African
slave trade, and held it m that condition waiting
annexation to the United States, until its sover-
eignty was restored by a combination of sister
Republics exposed to the same danger, and appre-
hensive of similar subversion. Other citizens re-
opened the foreign slave trade in violation of our
laws and treaties; and, after a suspension of that
shameful traffic for fifty years, savage Africans
have been once more landed on our shores and dis-
tributed, unreclaimed and with impunity, among
our plantations.
For this policy, so far as the Government has
sanctioned it, the Democratic party avows itself
responsible. Everywhere complaint against it is
denounced, and its opponents proscribed. When
Kansas was writhing under the wounds of incip-
ient, servile war, because of her resistance, the
Democratic press deridingly said, " let her bleed."
Official integrity has been cause for rebuke and
punishment, when_ it resisted frauds designed to
promote the extension of slavery. Throughout
the whole Republic there is not one known dis-
senter from that policy remaining in place, if
within reach of the executive arm. " Nor over the
face of tin; whole world is there to be found one
representative of our country who is not an apol-
ogist of the extension of slaveiy.
It is in America that these things have happened.
Ill the nineteenth century, the era of the world's
greatest progress, and while all nations but our-
selves have been cither abridging or altogether
suppressing commerce in men; at the very mo-
ment when the Russian serf is emancipated, and
the Georgian captive, the Nubian prisoner, and
the Abyssinian savage are lifted up to freedom
by the successor of Mohammed. The world, pre-
possessed in our behalf by our early devotion to
the rights of human nature, as no nation ever be-
fore engaged its respect and sympathies, asks, in
wonder and amazement, what all this demorali-
zation means ? It has an excuse better than the
world can imagine, better than we are generally
conscious of ourselves, a virtuous excuse. We
have loved not freedom so much less, but the
Union of our country so much more. We have
been made to believe, from time to time, that, in
a crisis, both.of these precious institutions could
not be saved together, and therefore we have, from
time to time, surrendered safeguards of freedom to
propitiate the loyalty of capital and stay its hands
from doing violence to the Union. The true state
of the case, however, ought not to be a mystery
to ourselves. Prescience, indeed, is not given to
statesmen; but we are without excuse when we
fail to apprehend the logic of current events. Let
parties, or the Government, choose or do what they
may, the people of the United States do not pre-
fer the wealth of the few to the liberty of the
many, capital to labor, African slaves to white
freemen, in the national Territories and in future
States. That question has never been distinctly
recognized or acted on by them. The Republican
party embodies the popular protest and reaction
against a policy which has been fastened upon the
nation by surprise, and which its reason and con-
science, concurring with the reason and conscience
of mankind, condemn.
The choice of the nation is now between the
Democratic party and the Republican party. Its
principles and policy are, therefore, justly and
even necessarily examined. I know of only one
policy which it has adoptgd or avowed, namely:
the saving of the Territories of the United States,
if possible, by constitutional and lawful means,
from being homes for slavery and polygamy.
Who, that considers where this nation exists, of
what races it is composed, in what age of the
world it acts its part on the public stage, and what
are its predominant institutions, customs, habits,
and sentiments, doubts that the Republican party
can and will, if unwaveringly faithful to that pol-
icy, and just and loyal in all beside, carry it into
triumphal success ' To doubt is to be uncertain
whether civilization can improve or Christianity
save mankind.
I may, perhaps, infer from the necessity of the
case, that it will, in all courts and places, stand
by the freedom of speech and of the press, and
the constitutional rights of freemen everywhere;
that it w 111 favor the speedy improvement of the
public domain by homestead laws, and will en-
courage mining, manufacture and internal com-
merce, with needful connections between the At-
lantic and Pacific States—for all these arc impor-
tant interests of freedom. For all the rest, the
national emergencies, not individual influences,
must determine, as society goes on, the policy and
character ofthe Republican party. Already bear-
ing its part in legislation and in treaties, it feels the
necessity of being practical in its care of the na-
tional health and life, while it leaves metaphysical
speculation to those whose duty it is to cultivate
the ennobling science of political philosophy.
But in the midst of these subjects, or rather, ij
before fully reaching them, the Republican party I!
encounters unexpectedly, a new'and potential Ij
issue—one prior, and therefore paramount to all ;;
others, one of national life and death. Just as if so i
much had not been already conceded; nay, just |l
as if nothing at all had ever been conceded, to ij
the interest of capital invested 111 men, we hear !!
menaces of disunion, louder, more distinct, more
emphatic than ever, with the condition annexed, ;l
that they shall be executed the moment that a ij
Republican Administration, though constitution- ji
ally elected, shall assume the Government. ij
I do not certainly know that the people are <■
prepared to call such an Administration to power. ] I
I know only, that through a succession of floods ||
which never greatly excite, and ebbs which never j t
entirely discourage me, the volume of Republic- :
amsro rises continually higher and higher. They 'l
are probably wise, whose apprehensions admonish !
them that it is already strong enough for effect. j
Hitherto the Republican party lias been content i
with one self-interrogatory—how many votes it
can cast? These threats enforce another—has it
determination enough to cast them ? This latter
question touches its spirit and pride. I am quite
sure, however, that as it has hitherto practiced self-
denial in so many other forms, it will in this emer-
gency lay aside all impatience of temper, together
with all ambition, and will consider these extra-
ordinary declamations seriously and with a just
moderation. It would be a waste of -words to
demonstrate that they are unconstitutional, and
equally idle to show that the responsibility for
disunion attempted or effected, must rest not with
those who in the exercise of constitutional author-
ity maintain the Government, but with those who
unconstitutionally engage in the mad work of
subverting it.
What are the excuses for these menaces ? They
resolve themselves into this, that the Republican
party in the North is hostile to the South. Butit
already is proved to be a majority in the North; it
is therefore practically the people of the North.
Will it not still be the same North that has forborne
with you so long and conceded to you so much ?
Can you justly assume that affection which has
been so complying, can all at once change to ha-
trod intense and inexorable ?
You say that the Republican party is a sec-
tional one. Is the Democratic party less section-
al ? Is it easier for us to bear your sectional sway
than for you to bear ours ? Is it unreasonable that
for once we should alternate? But is the Repub-
lican party sectional ? Not unless the Democratic
party is. The Republican party pre vails" in the
House of Representatives sometimes; the Dem<-
cratic party in the Senate always. Which of the
two is the most prescriptive? Come, come, come,
if you will, into the free States, into the State of
New York, anywhere from Lake Erie to Sag Har-
bor, among my neighbors in the Owasco valley,
hold your conventions, nominate yourcandidates,
address the people, submit to them, fully, earn-
estly, eloquently, all your complaints and griev-
ances of northern disloyalty, oppression, perfidy;
keep nothing back, speak just as freely and as
loudly there as you do here; you will have hospi-
table welcomes, and appreciating audiences, with
ballot-boxes open for all the votes you can win.
Are you less sectional than this' Extend to us
the same privileges, and I will engage that you will
very soon have 111 the South as many Republic-
ans as we have Democrats in the North. [Ap-
plause in the galleries.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitzpat-
rick m the chair.) The Chair will state to the
audience that it will become his duty to order the
galleries to be cleared, if order is not preserved.
He will require the Sergeant-at-Arms to preserve
order.
Mr. SEWARD. There is, however, a better
test of nationality than the accidental location of
parties. Our policy of labor m the Territories was
not sectional in the first forty years of the Repub-
lic. Its nature inheres. It will be national again,
during the third forty years, and forever after-
wards. It is not wise and beneficent for us alone
or injurious to you alone. Its effects are equal
and the same for us all.
You accuse the Republican party of ulterior
and secret designs. How can a party that counts
its votes m this land of free speech and free pre^s
by the hundreds of thousands, have any secret
designs ? Who is the conjurer, and where are the
hidden springs by which he can control its un-
eongregated and widely-dispersed masses and
direct them to objects unseen and purposes una-
vowed? But what are these hidden purposes?
You name only one. That olle 13 to introduce
negro equality among you. Suppose we had„the
power to change your social system: what war-
rant have you for supposing that we should carry
negro equality among you? We know, and we
will show you, if you will only give heed, that
what our system of labor works out, wherever it
works out anything, is the equality of white men.
The laborer in the free States, no matter how
humble his occupation, is a white man, and he is
politically^ the equal of his employer. Eighteen .
of our thirty-three States are free-labor States.
There they are: Maine. New Hampshire, Massa-
chusetts, Vermont, Rhode Island, Connecticut,
New York, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Ohio,
Michigan, Illinois, Indiana, Wisconsin, Minne-
sota, Iowa, California, and Oregon. 1 do not array
