490
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 21,
36th Cong...-:1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
nine dollars: Provided further, That compensation
shall only be allowed for the period during which
said troops were actively employed in military
service.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That upon the
passage of this act, or as soon thereafter as prac-
ticable, a commission shall be appointed, in the
manner hereinafter designated, to consist of two
Senators, two members of the House of Repre-
sentatives, and two officers of the Army, which
commission shall examine into the organization,
system of discipline, and course of instruction of
the United States Military Academy, with a view
to ascertain what modification, or changes, if any,
are desirable in order that the Academy shall best
accomplish the objects of its establishment. That
the said commission shall report the result of its
examination to the President of the Senate and
Speaker of the House of Representatives. That
the commissioners from the Senate shall be ap-
pointed by the President of the Senate, those from
the House of Representatives by the Speaker of
the House, and those from the Army by the Pres-
ident of the United States.
Sec. 9. And beil further enacted, That the sum
<jf fifteen hundred dollars be, and the same is here-
by, appropriated, out of any money in the Treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated, to defray the
expenses of said commission.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That the lot
of iand in the city of San Antonio, Texas, given
to the United States on the fifth day of March,
eighteen hundred fifty-seven, as a site for an
arsenal and barracks, but for which it has been
found to be unsuitable, be, and the same is, re-
conveyed to the said city of San Antonio.
Approved, June 21, 1860.
Chap. CLXIV.—An Act providing for the pun-
ishment of Marshals and Deputy Marshals of
the United States, or other Ministerial Officers,
for permitting the escape of Prisoners in their
custody.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That whenever any marshal, deputy
marshal, or other ministerial officer, shall have in
his custody any prisoner by virtue of process
issued under the laws of the United States by any
court, judge, or commissioner, and such marshal,
deputy marshal or other ministerial officer, shall
voluntarily suffer such prisoner to escape, the
officer so offending shall be deemed guilty of a
misdemeanor, and, upon conviction thereof in any
district or circuit court of the United States, shall
be fined or imprisoned, or both, according to the
discretion of the court in which such conviction
shall take place, having respect to the nature of
the crime with which the escaped prisoner shall
have been charged, in a sum not exceeding two
thousand dollars, and for a term not exceeding
two years. This act shall be taken and construed
to apply not only to cases in which the prisoner
who escaped was charged, or found guilty of an
offense against the laws of the United States, but
also to eases in which a prisoner may be in cus-
tody charged with offenses against any foreign
Government with whom the United States have
treaties of extradition.
Approved, June 21, I860.
Chap. CLXV.—An Act to establish a Mail six
times a week from Sacramento, in California,
to Olympia, in the Territory of Washington.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Postmaster General be, and
he is hereby, authorized and directed, to so modify
the contract with the contractors now performing
services on routes twelve thousand five hundred
and forty-three and twelve thousand five hundred
and fifty-five, so as to provide for the conveyance
of the entire United States mail, in four-horse
stages, daily, at a schedule of seven days, from
April first to December first, and twelve days the
remainder of the year, from Sacramento, via
Yreka, Jacksonville, Roseburg, Oakland, and
Salem, to Portland, Oregon, for a compensation
of ninety thousand dollars per year, the contract,
to expire September fifteen, eighteen hundred and
sixty-four; and that the Postmaster General be,
and is hereby, authorized and directed to estab-
lish a service six times a week, at a schedule of
thirty-six hours throughout the year, from Port-
land, Oregon, via Vancouver, Saint Hellen's, and
Montieello, to Olympia, in Washington Terri-
tory, by a contract, at a rate of compensation not
to exceed the rate per mile allowed from Sacra-
mento to Portland, with steamer service from
Portland to Cowlitz, and from Cowlitz to Olym-
pia by four-horse stages; and the Postmaster
General is directed to discontinue the ocean ser-
vice from San Francisco to Olympia, via Portland
and Astoria, Oregon, so soon as the service con-
templated by this act is established.
Approved, June 21, 1860,
Chap. CLXVI.—An Act confirming certain Land
Entries under the third section of the act of
third March, eighteen hundred and fifty-five,
entitled "An Act making Appropriations for the
service of the Post Office Department, during
the fiscal year ending the thirtieth of June,
eighteen hundred and fifty-six."
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That all entries which have heretofore
been allowed by registers and receivers, and in
regard to which no adverse claims have arisen
under decisions of the Secretary of the Interior,
or of the Commissioner of the General Land
Office, setting aside such entries, under that por-
tion of the third proviso to the first section of an
act, approved third March, eighteen hundred and
fifty-five, entitled " An act making appropriations
for the service of the Post Office Department
during the fiscal yearending the thirtieth of June,
one thousand eight hundred and fifty-six," in the
following words: "Thateach contractorengaged,
or to be engaged, in carrying the mails through
any of the Territories west of the Mississippi,
shall have the privilege of occupying stations at
the rate of not more than one for every twenty
miles of the route on which he carries a mail, and
shall have a preemption right therein when the
same shall be brought into market, to the extent
of six hundred and forty acres, to be taken con-
tiguously, and to include his improvements; but
no such preemption right shall extend to any pass
in a mountain or other defile," be, and the same
are hereby, confirmed, subject to any bona fide
claim under any law of the United States to the
whole or any portion of the lands embraced in
said entries or locations made prior orsubsequent
to the date of the selection thereof by the persons
aforesaid; and the Commissioner of the General
Land Office is hereby directed to issue a patent
for the lands embraced in said entries, upon pay-
ment of one dollar and twenty-five cents per acre
for the land embraced in such patent: Provided,
That each contractor shall satisfy the Secretary
of the Interior that he has complied with the
terms of his contract, and that said entries have
been used and occupied as stations on the line of
the route during the existence of his contract; and
that the provisions of this act shall be restricted
to one and the first bona fide set of preemptions on
one and the same line of route.
Sec.2. Jlnd be it further enacted, Thatno rights,
from and after the passage of this act, shall accrue
under the provisions of the aforesaid act of third
March, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, which pro-
visions are hereby repealed, saving all rights here-
tofore acquired, or those provided for in the fore-
going; and that, for the purpose of facilitatingthe
transportation of the public mails of the United
States west of the Mississippi river to the Pacific
ocean, and intermediate points, the Secretary of
the Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized,upon
the application of the Postmaster General, to re-
serve, as mail stations, for the use and occupancy
of mail contractors, during the existence of their
contracts, a quantity of public lands, not exceed-
ing the area of one section, at any and all such
localities as, in his judgment, are deemed neces-
sary or advisable, to be taken where the public
surveys have been made, according to the lines
of those surveys; but where stations have been,
or may hereafter be, designated in advance of the
public surveys, such stations shall be laid off,
under the direction of the Postmaster General, in
asquare form, with power to order the adjustment
hereafter of such boundaries, to conform to the
lines of the public surveys, if such adjustment be
deemed advisable, which lands thus reserved as
stations shall be held as permanent mail service
reservations, not subject to the operation of any
existing preemption or other general land laws.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That when-
ever, from any cause, any of the reservations
made under the second section of this act, shall
be no longer needed for the purposes originally
intended, or the convenience of the service shall
require a change of location, the reservation thus
abandoned by the Postmaster General shall be laid
off into suitable lots or parcels, and sold at public
sale to the highest bidderafter at least three months'
public notice, under the direction of the Secretary
of the Interior, and patents therefor shall issue as
in the case of the sale of other public lands, and
all laws, or parts of laws, heretofore passed,
granting the preemption privilege to mail con-
tractors be, and the same are hereby, repealed,
but this repeal is not to affect any rights which
may have actually vested under those laws before
the passage of this act.
Approved, June 21, 1860.
Chap. CLXVII.—An Act to confirm certain Pri-
vate Land Claims in the Territory of New
Mexico.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the private land claims in the
Territory of New Mexico, as recommended for
confirmation by the surveyor general of that Ter-
ritory, and in his letter to the Commissioner of
the General Land Office, of the twelfth of Janu-
ary, eighteen hundred and fifty-eight, designated
as numbers one, three, four, six, eight, nine, ten,
twelve, fourteen, fifteen, sixteen, seventeen, and
eighteen, and the claim of E. W. Eaton, notentered
on the corrected list of numbers, but standing on
the original docket and abstract returns of the sur-
veyor general as number sixteen, be, and they
are hereby, confirmed: Provided, That the claim
number nine, in the name of John Scollcy and
others, shall not be confirmed for more than five
square leagues; and that the claim number sev-
enteen, in the name of Cornelio Vigil and Ceran
St. Vrain, shall not be confirmed for more than
eleven square leagues to each of said claimants.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That in sur-
veying the claim of said John Scol/y it shall be
lawful for him to locate the five square leagues
confirmed to him in a square body in any part of
the tract of twenty-five square leagues claimed by
him; and that in surveying the claims of said
Cornelio Vigil and Ceran St. Vrain, the location
shall be made as follows, namely: the survey
shall first be made of all tracts occupied by actual
settlers holding possession under titles or prom-
ises to settle, which have heretofore been given
by said Vigil and St. Vrain,in the tracts claimed
by them, and after deducting the area of all such
tracts from the area embraced in twenty-two
square leagues, the remainder shall be located m
two equal tracts, each of square form, in any part
of the tract claimed by the said Vigil and St.
Vrain selected by them; and it shall be the duty
of the surveyor general of New Mexico imme-
diately to proceed to make the surveys and loca-
tions authorized and required by the terms of this
section.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the pri-
vate land claims in the Territory of New Mexico,
as recommended for confirmation by said sur-
veyor general in his reports and abstract marked
exhibit A, as communicated to Congress by the
Secretary of the Interior in his letter dated the
third of February, eighteen hundred and sixty,
and numbered from twenty to thirty-eight., both
inclusive, be, and the same are hereby, con-
firmed, with the exception of the claim num-
bered twenty-six, in the name of Juan B. Vigil,
which claim, numbered twenty-six, is not con-
firmed.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the fore-
going confirmation shall only be construed as
quit-claims or relinquishments, on the partof the
United States, and shall not affect the adverse
rights of any other person or persons whomso-
ever.
