THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
TI-IE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Sixth Congress, 1st Session.
THURSDAY, MARCH 1, 1860.
New Series.....No. 58.
them in contrast with the capital States. I am no
assailant of States. All of the States are parcels
of my own country—the best of them not so wise
and great as I am sure it will hereafter be; the
State least developed and perfected among them
all is wiser and better than any foreign State I
know. Is it then in any, and in which, of the
States I have named that negro equality offends
the white man's pride? Throughout the wide
world, where is the State where class and caste are
so utterly extinguished as they are in each and
every one of them? Let the European immigrant,
who avoids the African as if his skin exhaled con-
tagion, answer. You find him always in the State
where labor is ever free. Did Washington, Jef-
ferson, and Ilenry, when they implored you to
relinquish your system and accept the one we have
adopted, propose to sink you down to the level of
the African, or was it their desire to exalt all
white men to a common political elevation?
But we do not seek to force, or even to intrude,
our system on you. We are excluded justly,
wisely, and contentedly, from all political power
and responsibility in your capital States. You
are sovereign on the subject of slavery within your
own borders, as we are on the same subject within
our borders. It is well and Wisely so arranged.
Use your authority to maintain what system you
please. We are not distrustful of the result. We
have wisely, as we think, exercised ours to pro-
tect and perfect the manhood of the members of
the State. The whole sovereignty upon domestic
concerns within the Union is jjivided between us
by unmistakable boundaries. You have your
fifteen distinct parts; we eighteen parts, equally
distinct. Each must be maintained in order that
the whole may be preserved. If ours shall be
assailed, within or without, by any enemy, or for
any cause, and we shall have need, we shall ex-
pect you to defend it. If yours shall be so as-
sailed , in the emergency, no matter what the cause
or the pretext, or who the foe, we shall defend
your sovereignty as the equivalent of our own.
We cannot, indeed, accept your system of capital
or its ethics. That would be to surrenderand sub-
vert our own, which we esteem to be better. Be-
sides, if we could, what need for any division into
States at all ? You are equally at liberty to reject
our system and its ethics, and to maintain the su-
periority of your own by all the forces of persua-
sion and argument. We must, indeed, mutually
discuss both systems. All the world discusses all
systems. Especially must we discuss them since
we have to decide as a nation which of the two we
ought to ingraft on the new and future States
growing up in the great public domain. Discus-
sion then being unavoidable, what could be more !
wise than to conduct it with mutual tolerationand
in a fraternal spirit?
You complain that Republicans discourse too
boldly and directly, when they express with con-
fidence their belief that the system of labor will,
in the end, be universally accepted by the capital
States, acting for themselves, and in conformity
with their own constitutions, while they sanction
too unreservedly books designed to advocate
emancipation, fiut surely you can hardly expect
the Federal Government or the political parties of
the nation to maintain a censorship of the pressor
of debate. The theory of our system is, that error
of opinion may in all cases safely be tolerated
where reason is left free to combat it. Will it be
claimed that more of moderation and tenderness
in debate are exhibited on your side of the great
argument than on our own "? We all learned our
polemics, as well as our principles, from a common
master. We are sure that we do not, on our side,
exceed his lessons and example. Thomas Jeffer-
son addressed Dr. Price, an Englishman, concern-
ing his treatise on emancipation in America, in
this fashion:
" Southward of the Chesapeake, your book will find hut
few readers concurring with it in sentiment on the subject
ofsJavety. From the mouth to the head of the Chesapeake,
the bulk of the people will approve it in theory, and it will
find a respectable minority ready to adopt it in piactiue ; a
minority which, for weight, and worth of character, pre-
ponderates against the greater number who have not the
58
courage to divest their families of a property which, how-
ever, keeps their consciences unquiet. Northward of the
Chesapeake, you may find here and there an opponent to
your doctrine, as you may find here and there a robber or a
murderer; but in no greater number." * * * *
" This [Virginia] is the next State to which we may turn
our eyes for the interesting speetacle of justice in conflict
with avarice and oppression—a conflict where the sacred
side is gaining daily new recruits from the influx into of-
fice of young men, grown and growing up." * * * *
" Be not, then, discouraged. What you have written will
do a great deal of good; and could you still trouble yourself
about our welfare, no man is more able to help the laboring
side."
You see, sir, that whether we go for or against
slavery anywhere, we must follow southern
guides. You may change your pilots with the
winds or the currents; but we, whose nativity,
reckoned under the North Star, has rendered us
somewhat superstitious, must be excused for con-
stancy in following the guidance of those who
framed the national ship and gave us the chart for
its noble voyage.
A profound respect and friendly regard for the
Vice President of the United States has induced
me to weigh carefully the testimony he has given
on the subject of the hostility against the South
imputed to the Republican party, as derived from
the relations of the representatives of the two par-
ties at this capital. He says that he has seen here
in the representatives of the lower southern States
a most resolute and earnest spirit of resistance to
the Republican party; that he perceives a sensible
loss of that spirit of brotherhood and that feeling
.of loyalty, together with that love for a common
country, which are at last the surest cement of the
Union; so that, in the present unhappy condition
of affairs, he is almost tempted to exclaim, that
we are dissolving week by week and month by
month; that tke threads are gradually fretting
themselves asunder; and a stranger might sup-
pose that the Executive of the United States was
the President of two hostile Republics. It is not •
for me to raise a doubt upon the correctness of
this dark picture, so far as the southern groups
upon the canvas are concerned, but I must b'e in-
dulged in the opinion that I can pronounce as ac-
curately concerning the northern or Republican
representatives here as any one. I know their
public haunts and their private ways. We are not
a hostile Republic, or representatives of one. We
confer together, but only as the organs of every
party do, and must do ma political system which
obliges us to act sometimes as partisans, while it
requires us always to be patriots and statesmen.
Differences of opinion, even on the subject of
slavery, with us are political, not social or per-
sonal differences. There is not one disunionist
or disloyalist among us all. We are altogether
unconscious of any process of dissolution going
on among us or around us. We have never been
more patient, and never loved,the representatives
of other sections more, than now. We bear the
same testimony for the people around us here,
who, though in the very center where the bolt of
disunion must fall first and be most fearful in its
effects, seem never less disturbed than now. We
bear the same testimony for ail the districts and
States we represent. The people of the North are
not enemies but friends and brethren of the South,
faithful and true as in the days when death has
dealt his arrows promiscuously among them on
common battle-fields of freedom.
We will not suffer ourselves here to dwell on
any evidences of a different temper m the South;
but we shall be content with expressing our belief
that hostility that is not designedly provoked, and
that cannot provoke retaliation, is an anomaly
that must be traced to casual excitements, which
cannot perpetuate alienation.
A canvass for a presidential election, in some
respects more important, perhaps, than any since
1800, has recentlybcgun. The HouseofRepresent-
atives was to be organized by a majority, while
no party could cast more than a plurality of votes.
The gloom of the late tragedy m Virginia rested
on the Capitol from the day when Congress as-
sembled. While the two groat political parties
were peacefully, lawfully, and constitutionally,
though zealously, conducting the great national
issue between free labor and capital labor for the
Territories to its proper solution, through the
trials of the ballot, operating directly or indirectly-
on the various departments of the Government, a
band of exceptional men, contemptuous equally
of that great question and of the parties to the con-
troversy, and impatient of the constitutional sys-
tem which confines the citizens of every State to
political action by suffrage in organized parties
within their own borders, inspired by an enthu-
siasm peculiar to themselves, and exasperated by
grievances and wrongs that some of them had^uf-
fered by inroads of armed propagandists of slavery
in Kansas, unlawful as their own retaliation was,
attempted to subvert slavery in Virginia by con-
spiracy, ambush, invasion, and force. The method
we have adopted, of appealing to the reason and
judgment of the people, to be pronounced by suf-
frage, is the only one by which free government
can be maintained anywhere, and the only one as
yet devised which is in harmony with the spirit of
the Christian religion. While generous and char-
itable natures will probably concede that John
Brown and his assflbiates acted on earnest though
fatally erroneous convictions, yet all good citi-
zens will nevertheless agree, that this attempt to
execute an unlawful purpose in Virginia by in-
vasion, involving servile war, was an act of sedi-
tion and treason, and criminal in just the extent
that it affected the public peace and was destruc-
tive of human happiness and human life. It is
a painful reflection that, after so long an experi-
ence of the beneficent working of our system as
we have enjoyed, we have had these new illus-
trations in Kansas and Virginia of the existence
among us of a class of men so misguided and so
desperate as to seek to enforce their peculiar prin-
ciples by the sword, drawing after it a need for the
further illustration by their punishment- of that
great moral truth, especially applicable in a Repub-
lic, that^hey who take up the sword as a weapon
of controversy shall perish by the sword. In the
lattercase,the lamented deaths of so many citizens,
slain from an ambush and by surpiise—all the
more lamentable because they were innocent vic-
tims of a frenzy kindled without their agency, in
far distant fires—the deaths even of the offenders
themselves, pitiable, although neccssary and just,
because they acted under delirium, which blinded
their judgments to the real nature of their criminal
enterprise; the alarm and consternation naturally
awakened throughout the country, exciting for the
moment the fear that our whole system, with all
its securities for life and liberty, was coming to an
end—a fear none the more endurable because con-
tinually aggravated hy new chimeras to which the
greatleadingeventlentanair of probability; surely
all these constituted a sum of public misery which
ought to have satisfied the most morbid appetite
for social horrors. But, as in the case of the gun-
powder plot, and the Salem witchcraft, and the
New York colonial negro plot, so now; the ori-
ginal actors were swiftly followed by another and
kindred class, who sought to prolong and widen
the public distress by attempting to direct the in-
dignation which ithad excited against parties guilt-
less equally of complicity and of sympathy with
the offenders.
Posterity will decidein all the recentcases where
political responsibility for public disasters must
fail; and posterity will give little heed to our inter-
ested instructions. It was not until the gloomy
reisn of Domitian had ended, and liberty and virtue
had found assured refuge under the sway of the?
milder Nerva, that the historian arose whose nar-
rative of that period of tyranny and terror has been
accepted by mankind.
The Republican party being thus vindicated
against the charge of hostility to the South,
which has been offered in excuse for the menaces
of unconstitutional resistance in the event of its
success, I feel well assured that it will sustain me
in meeting them in the spirit of the defender of the
English Commonwealth:
" Surely they that shall boast as we do to be a free natioi.
and having the power, shall not also have th« courage.
