49£
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 22,
36th Cong. ... 1st Sess.
Laios of the United States.
Sec. 12. And be it farther enacted, That in all I
oases, criminal ami civil, the evidence shall be
taken down in writing in open court, under such i
regulations as may be made for that purpose; and S
all" objections to the competency or character of -
testimony shall be noted, with the ruling in alt
sudh cases, and the evidence shall be part of the
case.
Sec. 13. And be it farther enacted, That the
minister of the United States in the country to
which he is appointed shall, in addition to his
power to make regulations and decrees, as herein
provided, be fully authorized to hear and decide
all cases, criminal and civil, which may come be-
fore him, by appeal, under the provisions of this
act, and to issue all processes necessary to exe-
cute the power conferred upon him; and he is
hereby fully empowered to decide finally any case
upon the evidence which comes up with it, or to
hear the parties further, if he thinks justice will
be promoted thereby; and he may also prescribe
the rules upon which new trials may be granted,
either by the consuls or by himself, if asked for
upon justifiable grounds.
Sec. 14. And be it further enacted, That in all
cases, except as is herein otherwise provided, the
punishment of crime provided for by this act shall
be by fine or imprisonment, or both, at the discre-
tion of the functionary who decides the case, but
subject to the regulations herein contained, and
such as may hereafter be made. It shall, how-
ever, be the duty of each and every functionary
to allot punishment according to the magnitude
and aggravation of the offense; and all who re-
fuse or neglect to comply with the sentence passed
upon them shall stand committed until they do
comply, or are discharged by order of the consul,
with the consent of the minister in the country.
Sec. lo. Jlnd be it further enactcd, That murder
and insurrection, or rebellion against the Govern-
ment of either of the said countries, with intent
to subvert the same, shall be capital offenses, pun~
ishable with death; but no person shall be con-
victed of either of said crimes unless the consul
and his associates in the trial all concur in opin-
ion, and the minister also approves of the convic-
tion; but it shall always be lawful to convict one
put upon trial for either of these crimes, of a
lesser offenseofa similar character, if the evidence
justifies it; and when so convicted, to punish, as
for other offenses, by fine or imprisonment, or
both.
Sec. 16, Jlnd be it further enacted, That when-
ever any one shall be convicted of either of the
crimes punishable with death, as aforesaid, in
either of the said countries, it shall be the duty of
the minister to issue his warrant for the execution
of such convict, appointing the time, place, and
manner; but if the said minister shall be satisfied
that the ends of public justice demand it, he may,
from time to time, postpone such execution; and
if he finds mitigatory circumstances which may
authorize it, may submit the case to the President
of the United States for pardon.
Sec. 17. Jlnd be it further enacted, That it shall
be the duty of the minister in each of the said
countries to establish a tariff of fees for judicial
services, which shall be paid by such parties, and
to such persons, as said minister shall direct; and
the proceeds shall, as far as is necessary, be ap-
plied to defray the expenses incident to the exe-
cution of this act; and regular accounts, bo.th of
receipts and expenditures, shall be kept by the
said minister and consuls, and transmitted annu-
ally to the Secretary of State.
Sec. 18. And be it further enacted, That, in all
criminal cases which are not of a heinous charac-
ter, it shall be lawful for the parties aggrieved or
concerned therein, with the assentof the minister
in the country, or consul, to adjust and settle the
same among themselves, upon pecuniary or other
considerations.
Sec. 19. And be it further enacted, That it shall
be the duty also of the said ministers and the con-
suls to encourage the settlement of controversies
of a civil character, by mutual agreement, or to
submit them to the decision of referees agreed
upon by the parties, a majority of whom shall
have power to decide the matter. And it shall be
the duty of the minister in each country to pre-
pare a form of submission for such cases, to be
signed by the parties, and acknowledged before
the consul; and when parties have so agi*eed to
refer, the referees may, after suitable notice of the
time and place of meeting for the trial, proceed ex
parte, in case either party refuses or neglects to
appear; and, after hearing any case, may deliver
their award, sealed, to the consul, who, in court,
shall open the same; and, if he accepts it, he shall
indorse the fact, and judgement shall be rendered
thereon, and execution issue in compliance with
the terms thereof: Provided, however, That the
parties may always settle the same before return
thereof is made to the consul.
Sec. 20. And be it further enacted, That the min-
isters aforesaid and consuls shall bo fully author-
ized to call upon the local authorities to sustain
and support them in the execution of the powers
confided to them by said treaty, and on their part
to do and perform whatever is necessary to carry
the provisions of said treaties into full effect, so
far as they are to be executed in the said countries,
respectively.
Sec. 21. And be it further enacted, That the pro-
visions of this act, so far as the same relate to
crimes and offenses committed by citizens of the
United States, shall extend to Turkey, under the
treaty with the Sublime Porte of May seventh,
eighteen hundred and thirty, and shall be executed
in the Ottomon dominions in conformity with the
provisions of said treaty, and of this act, by the
minister of the United States and the consuls of
the United States [appointed] to reside therein,
who are hereby ex officio vested with the powers
herein conferred upon ±he minister and consuls
in China, for the purposes above expressed, so
far as regards the punishment of crime, and also
for the exercise ofjurisdiction in civil cases wherein
the same is permitted by the laws of Turkey, or
its usages in its intercourse with the Franks or
other foreign Christian nations.
Sec.22. Andbeit further enacted, That'the word
minister, when used in this act, shall be under-
stood to mean the person invested with, and ex-
ercising^ he principal d i plomatic functions in each
of the countries mentioned in the first section of
this act. The word consul shall be understood
to mean any person invested by the United States
with, and exercising, the functions of consul gen-
eral, vicc consul general, consul, or vice consul in
any of the countries herein named. And if at any
time there be no minister of the United States in
either of the countries hereinbefore mentioned, the
judicial duties which are imposed by this act upon
the minister shall devolve upon the consul general
or consul residing at the capital of the country,
who is hereby authorized and required to discharge
the same.
Sec. 23. And be it further enacted, That all such
officers shall be responsible for their conduct to
the United States, and to the laws thereof, not
only as diplomatic or consular functionaries, re-
spectively, but as judicial officers, when they per-
form judicial duties, and shall be held liable for all
negligences and misconduct as public officers.
Sec. 24. And be it further enacted, That capital
cases for murder or insurrection against the (jov-
ernment of either of the countries hereinbefore
mentioned, by citizens of the United States, or
for offenses against the public peace amounting to
felony under the laws of the United States, may
be tried before the minister of the United States
in the country where the offense is committed if
allowed jurisdiction; and it shall be competent
for each of the said ministers to issue all manner
of writs, to prevent the citizens of the United
States from enlisting in the military or naval service
of either of the said countries, to mnke war upon
any foreign Power with whom the United States
are at peace, or m the service of one portion of
the people against nny other portion of the same
people; and he may carry out this power by a
resort to such force as may at the time be within
his reach, belonging to the United States.
Sec. 25. And be it further enacted, That the
President be, and he is hereby, authorized to ap-
point marshals for such of the consular courts in
the said countries as he may think proper, not to
exceed seven in number, namely, one in Japan,
four in China, one in Siam, and one in Turkey,
who shall each receive an annual salary of one
thousand dollars per annum, in addition to the
fees allowed by the regulations of the said minis-
ters,respectively,in the said countries; and it shall
be the duty of the said marshals, respectively, to
execute all process issued by the minister of the
United Slates, in the said countries, respectively,
or by the consul at the port at which they reside,
and to make due return of the same to the officer
by whom the same was issued, and to conform,
in all respects, to the regulations prescribed by
the said ministers, respectively, in regard to their
duties. And the said marshals shall give bond for
the faithful performance of the duties of the office,
before entering upon the duties of the same, which
bond shall be in a penal sum not to exceed ten
thousand dollars, with two sureties to be approved
by the Secretary of State of the United States;
and the said bond shall be transmitted to the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, and a certified copy thereof
be lodged in the office of the minister. And in case
any peribn aggrieved by the misconduct of any
of the said marshals should desire to bring suit
upon any of the said bonds, it shall be the duty
of the Secretary of the Treasury, or the minister
having custody of a copy of the same, to furnish
the person so applying with a certified copy there-
of, upon which copy so furnished and certified
suit maybe brought and prosecuted with the same
effect as could be done upon the original: Pro-
vided, That upon a plea of non est factum verified
upon oath, or any other good cause shown, the
court or the consul or minister trying the cause
may require the original to be produced; and when
so required, it shall be the duty of the Secretary
of the Treasury to forward the original bond to
the court or consul or minister requiring the same:
And provided further, That before a copy of any
such bond shall be furnished for suit, it shall be
the duty of the Secretary of the Treasury, or the
minister to whom the application is made, to re-
quire prima /acia proof, to be judged of by the
Secretary of the Treasury or the minister having
charge of the copy, that there is probable cause
of action against the marshal making the bond:
And provided further, That all rules, orders, writs,
and processes of every kind which are intended
to operate or be enforced against any of the said
marshals, in any of the countries named in this
act,shall be directed to and executed by such per-
son as may be appointed for that purpose by the
minister or consul issuing the same.
Sec. 26. And be it further enacted, That the
President be, and he is hereby, authorized to
allow, in the adjustment of the accounts of each
of the said ministers or consuls, the actual ex-
penses of the rent of- suitable buildings, or parts
of buildings to be used as prisons for American
convicts in said countries, not to exceed in any
case the rate of six hundred dollars a year; and
also the wagesof the keepers of the same,andfor
the care of offenders, not to exceed, in any case,
the sum of eight hundred dollars per annum, and
provided that no more than one prison shall be
hired in Japan, four in China, one in Turkey,
and one in Siam, at such port or ports as the min-
ister, with the sanction of the President, may des-
ignate.
Sec. 27. And be it further enacttd, That the
jurisdiction of the respective ministers in the coun-
tries hereinbefore named, where the same is al-
lowed by treaty, in all matters of civil redress or
of crimes, except in the cases mentioned in the
twenty-fourth section, shall be appellate only, and
to be exercised wherever in the said countries
they may be respectively, except also in cases
where a consular officer shall happen to be inter- -
ested either as party or witness, in which case
original jurisdiction is invested in the said minis-
ters, respectively.
Sec. 28. And be it further enactcd, That the pro-
visions of this act be, and the same are hereby;
extended to Persia in respect to all suits and dis-
putes which may arise between citizens of the
United States therein v and the minister and con-
suls who may be appointed to reside in Persia
are hereby invested, m relation to the said suits'
and disputes, with such powers as arc by this act
conferred upon the minister and consuls in China.
| And ali suits and disputes arising in Persia be-
tween Persian subjects and the citizens of the
United States, shali be carripd before the Persian
tribunal, to which such matters are usually re-
ferred, at the place where a consul or agent of the
United States may reside, and shall be discussed
and decided according to equity, in the presence
