494
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 22,
36th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
two hundred and seventy-eight dollars and eighty
tents.
For provisions, seventy-one thousand seven
hundred and fifty-nine dollars.
For clothing;, one hundred and thirteen thousand
eight hundred and fifty-six dollars.
For fuel, twenty-two thousand three hundred
and forty-two dollars and twenty-five cents.
For military stores, viz: pay of armorers, re-
pair of arms, purchase of accouterments, ordnance
stores, flags, drums, fifes, and other instruments,
twelve thousand dollars.
For transportation of officers and troops, and
eraenses of recruiting, fourteen thousand dol-
lJL
For repairs of barracks, and rent of offices where
there are no public buildings for that purpose,
eight thousand dollars.
For contingencies, viz: freight, ferriage, toll,
cartage, wharfage, compensation to judges-advo-
cate, per diem for attending courts-martial, courts
of inquiry, and for constant labor, house-rent in
lieu of quarters, burial of deceased marines, print-
ing, stationery, postage, telegraphing, apprehen-
sion of deserters, oil, candles, gas, forage, straw,
furniture,bed-sacks, spades,shovels, axes, picks,
carpenters' tools, keep of a horse for the messen-
ger, pay of matron, washerwoman, and porter at
the hospital headquarters, thirty-two thousand
five hundred dollars.
NAVY-YARDS.
For the preservation of works, and for the
current repairs at the several navy-yards, namely:
At Portsmouth, New Hampshire, ten thousand
dollars.
At Boston, fifteen thousand dollars.
At New York, twenty thousand dollars.
At Philadelphia, fifteen thousand dollars.
At Washington, ten thousand dollars; and for
repairing and painting the quarters occupied by
the officers of the yard, seven thousand nine hun-
dred and twenty-six dollars.
At Norfolk, twenty thousand dollars; to com-
plete ship-house, number forty-eight, nrneteen
thousand dollars; and for repairs of ship-houses
A and B, at Norfolk, thirty thousand dollars.
At Pensacola, ten thousand dollars.
At Mare Island, twenty thousand dollars.
At Sackett's Harbor, one thousand dollars.
hospitals.
For the construction and completion of works,
and for the current repairs of the several naval
hospitals:
Boston.—For repairs of hospital, two thousand
five hundred dollars.
New York.—For repairs of hospital buildings
and laboratory, seven thousand dollars.
Naval Asylum, Philadelphia.—For improving
cemetery, sky-lights to main building, furniture,
and repairs of same, house cleaning" and white-
washing, repairs to furnaces, grates, a d ranges,
gas and water rent, and for repairs of all kinds,
five thousand one hundred anu fifty dollars.
For support of beneficiaries at the asylum,
twenty-seven thousand dollars.
Norfolk.—For porter's lodge, replacing wooden
galleries, and for repairs of hospital, eighteen
thousand two hundred and seventy dollars.
Pensacola.—For draining and filling ponds, and
for repairs of hospital buildings and dependencies,
ten thousand five hundred dollars.
magazines.
For the construction and completion of works,
and for the current repairs at the several naval
magazines:
Boston.—For repairs of all kinds, two thousand
dollars.
Philadelphia.—for repairs of all kinds, six hun-
dred dollars.
Washington.—For the renewal of experimental
battery with one part inclosed or casemated, to
guard against accidents from guns of doubtful
character, four thousand dollars.
Norfolk.—For shot-beds and gun-skids, fitting
up additional storehouse at magazine, converting
coal-house at St. Helena into gun carriage shed-
fitting racks for arms and stores, and for repairs
of magazine buildings, ten thousand seven hun-
dred dollars.
Pensacola.—For repairs of old magazine, one
thousand one hundred and thirty-two dollars.
Forpay of superintendents, naval constructors,
and all the civil establishments at the several
navy-yards and stations, one hundred and forty-
eight thousand six hundred and four dollars.
For the purchase of nautical instruments re-
quired for the use of the Navy, for repairs of the
same, and also of astronomical instruments; and
for the purchase of nautical books, maps, and
charts, and for backing and binding the same,
twenty-five thousand dollars.
For models, drawings, and copying;forpostage,
freight, and transportation; for keeping grounds
in order; for fuel and light, and for all other con-
tingent expenses; and for the wages of persons
employed at the United States Naval Observatory
and hydrographical office, namely: oneinstrument
maker, two watchmen, and one porter, seven
thousand five hundred dollars.
For the erection of liose-house, one thousand
five hundred dollars.
For the erection and repairs of buildings, im-
provement and preservation of the grounds, and
for cont ingeneies at the United States Naval Acad-
emy, fifty-seven thousand and ninety-six dollars.
For preparing for publication the American
Nautical Almanac, twenty-five thousand eight
hundred and eighty dollars.
For the preparation of the report of the results
of the survey of the route between California and
China, and of portions of the coast of Japan, five
thousand dollars.
For engraving charts of the survey of Behring
straits, the North Pacific ocean, and China seas,
under the direction of the Secretary of the Navy,
nine thousand and ten dollars.
For the removal of the naval monument from
the west front of the Capitol to the grounds of
the Naval Academy at Annapolis, fifteen hundred
dollars.
Sec. 2. Jhxd be it further enacted, That the sum
of thirty-nine thousand four hundred dollars be,
and the same is hereby, appropriated for pay of
commission, warrant, and petty officers and sea-
men, including the engineer corps of the Navy,
for the year ending the thirtieth of June, eighteen
hundred and sixty.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That pursers
in the Navy of the United States shall hereafter
be styled paymasters, and that all laws and regu-
lations applying to them as pursers, and all re-
sponsibilities and obligations attaching to them
as such, shall remain in full force, and continue
to apply to them, under the title of paymasters;
and that the payments heretofore made to the
pursers'clerks at the navy-yards at Charlestown,
New York, and Norfolk, under appropriations
made by Congress, at the rate of seven hundred
and fifty dollars per annum, are hereby con-
firmed; and that the pay of the pursers' clerks
at those navy-yards shall be continued at the rate
of seven hundred and fifty dollars per annum.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the sum
of five thousand dollars be, and the same is hereby
appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated, to be expended under
the joint resolution passed the twenty-sixth Feb-
ruary, eighteen hunched and fifty-seven, " to pre-
vent the counterfeiting of the coins of the United
States." #
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the sum
of ten thousand dollars be, and the same is hereby
appropriated, to enable the President to send
some competent person or persons to the isthmus
of Chiriqui, whose duty it shall be to examine
into and report upon the quality and probable
quantity of coal to be found there, upon the lands
of the Chiriqui Improvement Company; upon the
character of the harbors of Chiriqui lagoon and
Golfito; upon the practicability of building a rail- 1
road across said isthmus, so as to connect said j
harbors; and generally upon the value of the priv- ;
ileges contracted for m a conditional contract made j
on the twenty-first day of May, eighteen hun- j
dred and fifty-nine, between Isaac Toucey, the I
Secretary of the Navy of the United States, and ;
Ambrose W. Thompson and the Chiriqui Im- j
provement Company: Provided, That nothing
herein contained shall be construed as a ratifica-
tion of the said contract.
approvkti, .tnnf 22, i860.
Chap. CLXXXII.—An Act to grant to the city
of Port Huron, Michigan, a part of the military
reservation of Fort Gratiot, for the enlargement
of the city cemetery at that place.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of War be, and he
is hereby, authorized and required to convey to
the city of Port Huron, Michigan, of the military
reservation of Fort Gratiot, a lot not to exceed
thirty acres, to be taken from the land adjoining
the city cemetery, and to be used for its enlarge-
ment and for no other purpose, so far and under
such conditions and reservations as, in the opinion
of the Secretary of War, the public interest, pres-
ent or prospective, may require.
Approved, June 22, 1860.
Chap. CLXXXIII.—An Act to declare the mean-
ing of the Act entitled " An Act making further
provision for the satisfaction of Virginia Land
Warrants," passed August thirty-one, eighteen
hundred and fifty-two.
Bi it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior, in
executing the provisions of the act passed August
thirty-one, eighteen hundred and fifty-two, enti-
tled "An act making further provision for the
satisfaction of Virginia land warrants," be re-
quired so to construe the same as to authorize the
satisfaction in scrip of all warrants or parts of
warrants issued on allowances made by the exec-
utive of Virginia prior to the first day of March,
eighteen hundred and fifty-two, coming within
the principles already recognized by the Depart-
ment of the Interior in the execution of the pro-
visions of the said act, and whether issued before
or since the firstday of March, eighteen hundred
and fifty-two: Provided, however, That no war-
rant or par^of a warrant shall be satisfied in scrip,
founded or issued on any allowance made by the
executive of Virginia since the firstday of March,
eighteen hundred and fifty-two.
Approved, June 22, 1860.
Chap. CLXXXIV.—An Act to amend an Act
entitled " An Act for giving effect to certain
Treaty Stipulations between this and foreign
Governments for the Apprehension and Deliv-
ery up of certain Offenders."
Be. it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That in all cases where any deposi-
tions, warrants, or other papers, or copies there-
of, shall be offered in evidence upon the hearing
of an extradition case under the second section of
the act entitled "An act forgiving effect to certain
treaty stipulations between this and foreign Gov-
ernments for the apprehension and delivery up
of certain offenders," approved August twelfth,
eighteen hundred and forty-eight, such deposi-
tions, warrants, and other papers, or copies
thereof, shall be admitted and received for the
purposes mentioned in the said section, if they
shall be properly and legally authenticated, so as
to entitle them to be received for similar purposes
by the tribunals of the foreign country from which
the accused party shall have escaped, and the cer-
tificate of the principal diplomatic or consular
officer of the United States resident in such for-
eign country shall be proof that any paper or
other document so offered is authenticated in the
manner required by this act.
Approved, June122, 1860.
CiiAr.CLXXXV.—An Act for the Relief of Con-
gressional Township number Six south, of
range number Eight west, in Randolph county,
State of Illinois.
Whereas section number sixteen, in township
number six south, of range number eight west,
in Randolph county, Illinois, is covered by a pri-
vate claim number two thousand and fifty, by
reason whereof the said section has been lost to
the said congressional township for school pur-
poses: Therefore,
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled., That the school h ustecs for th<( said
