916
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 29,
the true doctrine of the Constitution, that each
State is entirely free to do just as it pleases, have
slavery as long as it chooses, and abolish it when
it wishes, there would be no conflict; the north-
ern and southern States would be brethren; there
w$uld be fraternity between us, and your shoe-
makers would not strike for higher prices.
Mr. CLARK. Will the Senator pardon me
for interrupting him a moment?
Mr. DOCJGLAS. I will not give way for a
speech; I will for a suggestion.
Mr. CLARK. I desire simply to make one
single suggestion in regard to what the Senator
frorji Illinois said in reference to the condition of
the laboring classes in the factories. I come from
a city where there are three thousand operatives,
and there never was a time when they were more
contented and better paid in the factories than
now, and when their business was better than at
this present time.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I was not speaking at all of
the condition of the laboring men in the factories.
I was speaking of the scarcity of labor growing
up in our northern manufacturing towns, as a
legitimate and natural consequence of the diminu-
tion of the demand for the manufactured article;
and then the question is, what cause has reduced
this demand, except the "irrepressible conflict"
that has turned the southern trade away fiom
northern cities into southern towns and southern
cities? Sir, the feeling among the masses of the
South we find typified in the dress of the Senator
from Virginia, [Mr. Mason;] they are determined
to wear the homespun of their own productions
rather than trade with the North. That is the
feeling which has produced this state of distress
in our manufacturing towns.
The Senator from New York has also referred
to the lamentable action of the people of New
Mexico, in establishing a slave code for the pro-
tection of property in slaves, and he congratu-
lates the country upon the final succcess of the
advocates of free institutions in Kansas. He could
not fail, however, to say, in order to preserve
what he thought was a striking antithesis, that
popular sovereignty in Kansas meant State sov-
ereignty in Missouri. No, sir; popular sov-
ereignty in Kansas was stricken down by unholy
combination in New England to ship men to
Kansas—rowdies and vagabonds—with the Bible
m one hand and Sharpe's rifle in the other, to
shoot down the friends of free institutions and of
self-government. Popular sovereignty in Kansas
was strickcn down by the combinations in the
northern States to carry elections under pretense
of emigrantaid societies. In retaliation, Missouri
formed aid societies too; and she, following your
example,sentmen into Kansas, and then occurred
the conflict. Now, you throw the blame upon
Missouri merely because she followed your ex-
ample, and attempted to resist its consequences.
I condemn both; but I condemn a thousand-fold
more those that set the example and struck the
first blow, thaj* those who thought they would act
upon the principle of fighting the devil with his
own weapons, and resorted to the same means that
you had employed.
But,sir,notwithstanding the efforts of emigrant
aid societies, the people of Kansas have had their
own way, and the people of New Mexico have
had their own way. Kansas has adopted a free
State; New Mexico lias established a slave Terri-
tory. I am content with both. If the people of
New Mexico Want slavery, let them have it, and I
never will vote to repeal their slave code. If Kan-
sas does not want slavery, I will not help any-
body to forcc it on her. Let each do as it pleases.
When Kansas comes to the conclusion that slavery
will suit hor, and promote her interests better than
the prohibition, let her pass hor own slave code;
I will not pass it for her. Whenever New Mexico
gets tired of her code, she must repeal it herself; i
I will not repeal it for her. Non-intervention by !
Congress with slavery in the Territories is the !
platform on which I stand. I
But I want to know why will not the Senator :
from New York carry out his principles to their !
logical conclusions? Why is there not a man i
in that whole party, in this body or the House ;
of Representatives, bold enough to redeem the j
fledges which that party has madeto the country? j
believe you said, in your Philadelphia platform, i
that Congress had sovereign power over the Tcr- i
ritones for their government, and that it was the \[
duty of Congress to prohibit, in all the Territories,
those twin relics of barbarism, slavery and po-
lygamy. Whydoyounotcarry out your pledges?
Why do you not introduce your bill? The Sena-
tor from New York says they have no new meas-
ures to originate; no now movement to make; no
newbill to bringforward. Then what confidence
shall the American people repose inyour faith and
sincerity, when, having the power in one House,
you do not bring forward a bill to carry out your
principles? The fact is, these principles are
avowed to get votes in the North, but not to be
carried into effect by acts of Congress. You are
afraid of hurting your party if you bring in your
bill to repeal the slave code of New Mexico; afraid
of driving off the conservative men; you think it is
wise to wait until after the election. I should be
glad to have confidence enough in the sincerity of
the other side of the Chamber to suppose that they
had sufficient courage to bring forward a law to
carry out their principles to their logical conclu-
sions. I find nothing of that. They wish to agi-
tate, to excite the people of the North against the
South to get votes for the presidential election; but
they shrink from carrying out theirmeasureslest
they might throw off some conservative voters
who do not like the Democratic party.
But, sir, if the Senator from NewVork,in the
event that he is made President, intends to carry
out his principles to their logical conclusions, let
us see where they will lead him.- In the same
speech that I read from a few minutes ago, I find
the following. Addressing the people of Ohio,
he said:
" YouJ?lush not at thGse, things, because they have be-
come as familiar as household words; and yourpietended
Free-Soil allies, claim peculiar metit for maintaining tlic&e
miscalled guarantees of slavery, which they find in the
national compact. Does not ull this prove that the Whig
party have kept up with the spirit of the n«*e; that it is as
true and faithful to human freedom as the inert conscience
of the American people will permit it to be? What, then,
you say, can nothing he done for freedom, because the
public conscience remains ineit? Yes, much can be done,
everything can be done. Slavery can be limited to its pres-
ent bounds."
That is the first thing that can be done—sla-
very can be limited to its present bounds. What
else ?
"It can be amelioiatcd. It can be and must be abol-
ished, and jou and I can and must do it."
There you find are two propositions; first slavery
was to bo limited to the States in which it was
then situated. It did not then exist in any Terri-
tory. Slavery was confined to the States. The
first proposition was that slavery must be re-
stricted and confined to those States. The second
was that he as a New Yorker, and they the peo-
ple of Ohio must and would abolish it; that is to
say abolish it in the States. They could estab-
lish it nowhere else. Every appeal they make
to northern prejudice and passion, is against the
institution of slavery everywhere, and they would
not be able to retain their abolition allies, the rank
out-and-out Abolitionists, unless they held out
the hope that it was the mission of the Republican
party, if successful, to abolish slavery m the States
as well as in the Territories of the Union.
I know they tell us that all this is to be done
according to the Constitution; they would not
violate the Constitution except so far as the Con-
stitution violates the law of God—that is all—and
and they are to be the judges of how far the Con-
stitution docs violate the law of God. They say
that every clause of the Constitution that recog-
nizes property in slaves, is in violation of the
Divine law, and hence should not be obeyed; and
with that interpretation of the Constitution, thoy
turn to the South and say, uWe will give you
all your rights under the Constitution as we ex-
plain it!"
Then the Senator devoted about a third of his
speech to a very beautiful homily on the glories
of our Union. All that he has said, ail that any
other man has ever said, all that the most eloquent
tongue can ever utter, in behalf of the blessings
and the advantages of this glorious Union, I fully
indorse. But still, sir, I am prepared to say, that
the Union is glorious only when the Constitution
is preserved inviolate. He eulogized the Union.
I, too, am for the Union; I indorse the eulogies;
but still, what is the Union worth, unless: the Con-
stitution is preserved and maintained inviolate in
all its provisions ?
Sir, 1 have no faith in the Union-loving senti-
ments of those who will not carry out the Consti-
tution in good faith, as our fathers made it. Pro-
fessions of fidelity to the Union will be taken for
naught, unless they are accompanied by obedi-
ence to the Constitution upon which the Union
rests. I have a right to insist that the Constitu-
tion shall be maintained inviolate in all its parts,
not only that which suits the temper of the North,
but every clause of that Constitution, whether
you like it or dislike it. Your oath to support
the Constitution binds you to every line, word,
and syllable of %he instrument. You have no
right to say that any given clause is in violation
of the Divine law, and that, therefore, you will
not observe it. The man who disobeys any one
clause, on the pretext that it violates the Divine
law, or on any other pretext, violates his oath of
office.
But, sir, what a commentary is this pretext
that the Constitution is a violation of the Divine
law, upon those revolutionary fathers whose eulo-
gies we have heard here to-day. Did the framers
of that instrument frame a Constitution in viola-
tion of the law of God? If so, how do your con-
sciences allow you to take the oath of office? If
the Senator from New York still holds to his
declaration that the clause in the Constitution
relative to fugitive slaves is a violation of the Di-
vine law, how durst he, as an honest man, take
an oath to support the instrument? Did he un-
derstand that he was defying the authority of
Heaven when he took the oath to support that
instrument?
Thus, we see, the radical difference between the
Republican party and the Democratic party is
this: we stand by the Constitution as our fathers
made it, and by the decisions of the constituted
authorities as they are pronounced in obedience
to the Constitution. They repudiate the instru-
ment, substitute their own will for that of the
constituted authorities, annul such provisions as
their fanaticism, or prejudice, or policy, may de-
clare to be in violation of God's law, and then
say, "We will protect all your rights under the
^Constitution as expounded by ourselves; but not
as expounded by the tribunal created for that pur-
pose."
Mr. President, I shall not occupy further time
in the discussion of this question to-night. I did
not intend to utter awoiu; and I should not have
uttered a word upon the subject, if the Senator
from New York had not made abroad arraign-
ment of the Democratic party, and especially of
that portion of the action of the party for which I
was most immediately responsible. Everybody
knows that 1 brought forward and helped to carry
through the Kansas-Nebraska act, and that I was
active in support of the compromise measures of
1850. I have heard bad faith attached to the
Democratic party for that act too long to be will-
ing to remain silent and seem to be willing to
sanction it even by tacit acquiescence.
Mr. DAVIS. 'Mr. President 
Mr. GREEN. Permit me to make a motion on
which these remarks will be more appropriate;
and that is, to refer the bill to the Committee on
Territories.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitzpat-
rick in the chair.) That is the motion on which
the Senator from Mississippi is entitled to the
floor.
Mr. DAVIS. When the Senator from New
York closed the studied and elaborate address
which he delivered to-day, I rose for the purpose,
j not of replying to all the points which he had
made, wherein I found rather those generalities
not sufficiently glittering to delude, but only for
the purpose of noticing some of the salient posi-
tions which he assumed, and to one of which the
Senator from Illinois has very happily responded
—that wherein he charged the Democratic party
with having violated its faith which was pledged
i in 1850. The Senator from Illinois performed his
; duty on two occasions: first, his duty to the w hole
i country, when he moved an amendment which he
j believed would bring to it peace and a permanent
i settlement ofa grave question; next, he performed
i the duty which he owed to himself*, for when the
Congress enacted measures against the voice of
certain southern Senators and members, and
pledged themselves to the policy of non-interven-
tion with slavery in the Territories, he, being a
party to that transaction, owed it to himself, and
discharged a duty which it imposed upon hi?
honor, when he moved to repeal the restriction
