I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
495
Laws of the United States.
36th Cong.... 1st Sess.
township be, and they are hereby, authorized
to select three quarter sections of land in equal
subdivisions, of any of the public lands of the
United States .subject to entry or sale at the min-
imum price of one dollar and twenty-five cents
per acre.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That when
the same shall have been selected by the trustees
aforesaid, and a description thereof returned to
and approved by the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office, a patent or patents shall issue
thereof to the inhabitants of the said congressional
township, and^shall be held and disposed of by
them for the use of schools within the said con-
gressional township in the same manner as other
school lands are held and disposed of.
Approved, June 22, 1860.
Chap. CLXXXVT.—An Act to amend an Act
[to provide] for extending the laws and judicial
system of the United State to the State of Ore-
gon, and for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Statesof Americain Congress
assembledy That the two regular terms of the dis-
trict court of the United States for the district of
Oregon shall hereafter be held at Portland, in said
district, commencing on the second Monday in
May and September in each year, and no process
issued, or proceeding pending in said court, shall
be avoided or impaired by this change of time and
place of holding the same, but all process, bail
bonds, or recognizances, returnable to the next
term of said court, shall be returnable and re-
turned to the term of said court next held accord-
ing to this act, in the same manner as if so made
returnable on the face thereof, and shall have full
effect accordingly.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the sal-
ary of the district judge of the United States for
said district shall be three thousand dollars.
Approved, June 22, 1860.
Chap. CLXXXVII.—An Act to change the time
for holding the Courts in the Northern District
of Florida.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Statesof Americain Congress
assembledy That the regular terms of the district
court of the United States for the northern district
of Florida, shall hereafter be held at Appalachi-
cola on the first Monday in March; at Tallahas-
see on the first Monday in May; at St. Augustine,
on the first Monday in June; and at Pensacola,
on the first Monday in July, of each year; but
nothing herein shall be construed to prevent the
judge of the said court from holding additional
terms at any of the places aforesaid, whenever,
in his opinion, the public interest may so require.
Approved, June 22, 1860.
Chap. CLXXXVIIL—An Act for the final ad-
justment of Private Land Claims in the States
of Florida, Louisiana, and Missouri, and for
other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Statesof Americain Congress
assembled, That any person or persons, and the
legal representatives of any person or persons,
who claim any lands lying within the States of
Florida, Louisiana, or Missouii, by virtue of
grant, concession, order of survey, permission to
settle, or other written evidence of title, emanat-
ing from any foreign Government, bearing date
prior to the cession to the United States of the
territory out of which said States were formed,
or during the period when any such Government
claimed sovereignty or had the actual possession
of the district or territory in which the lands so
claimed are situated, shall be, and they are here-
by, authorized to make application for the con-
firmation of their title to the lands so claimcd, in
the manner following, to wit: they shall file notices
in wiiting, together with the evidence in support
of their claims, before the commissioners herein-
after designated, within whose district the lands
claimed may bo situated, together with a brief
abstract of the title of the claimant, and copies of
the plats of survey thereof, whenever such sur-
veys have been made and are within the posses-
sion of the claimant, and accompanied with a
sworn statement by the claimant of the lands sup-
posed to be covered by his claim, according to
the legal divisions and sub-divisions of the sur-
veys made by the United States, if the land claimed
is included in any surveys so made; and the said
notices, evidence, and the decisions of the com-
missioners thereon, shall be recorded in a book
kept tor that purpose, a transcript of which shall,
from time to time, be transmitted to the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the re-
gisters and receivers of the several land offices in
the States of Florida and Louisiana, within their
respective land districts, and the recorder of land
titles for the city of Saint Louis, for the State of
Missouri, and their successors in office, shall be,
and they are hereby, appointed commissioners to
hear and decide, under such instructions as may
be prescribed by the Commissioner of the General
Land Office in conformity with this act, and ac-
cording to justice and equity and the principles
hereinafter established, in a summary manner, all
matters respecting such claims within the districts
aforesaid as come within the provisions of this
act; they shall have power to administer oaths,
compel the attendance of and examine witnesses,
demand and obtain from the proper officers all
public records in which grants of land, warrants,
orders of surveys, or other evidence of claims to
land derived from any foreign Government may
have been recorded, and shall make a report to
the Commissioner of the General Land Office on
the claims so presented to them for decision,
dividing said claims into separate classes in the
manner hereinafter provided, and giving their
opinion whether such claims ought to be con-
firmed or rejected.
Sec. 3. Andbeit further enacted, That the claims
so presented and passed upon by the commis-
sioners, as aforesaid, shall be by them divided in
their report into three distinct classes, as follows,
viz:
Number one shall contain all claims, which, in
their opinion, ought to be confirmed, where the
lands claimed have been in possession and culti-
vation by the private claimants or those under
whom they derive title for a period of at least
twenty years preceding the date of filing the claim,
by virtue of some grant, concession, or order of
survey, permission to settle, or other written
evidence of title emanating from some foreign
Government which held or claimed sovereignty
or jurisdiction over the territory in which the
lands claimed are situated, and where the title
emanating from such foreign Government bears
date anterior to the cession of said territory to the
United States.
Number two shall contain all claims which, in
their opinion, ought to be confirmed, where the
lands are claimed under written evidence of title,
as above provided in class number one, but where
there has been no actual possession and cultiva-
tion of the land claimed for a period of at least
twenty years prior to the filing of the claim.
Number three shall contain all claims which, in
their opinion, ought to be rejected, whether from
defect of proof, suspicion of fraud based on prob-
able ground, uncertainty of location, vagueness
of description, or any other cause sufficient, in
their opinion, to justify such rejection: Provided,
Thatin no case shall such commissioners embrace
in said classes number one and number two any
claim which has been heretofore presented for
confirmation before any board of commissioners,
or other public officers acting under authority of
Congress, and rejected as being fraudulent, or
procured or maintained by fraudulent or improper
means; nor shall any such claim be received or
considered by the commissioners which has been
already twice rejected on the merits by previous
boards.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That when-
ever the said Commissioner shall approve the re-
port of the commissioners in cases embraced in
classes niunber one or number two, he shall report
the same to Congress for its action; and when-
ever the said Commissioner shall approve the
report, in cases embraced in class number three,
the rejection of the claim so acted on shall be
final and conclusive, and the land embraced with-
in the claim shall be considered and treated as
other public lands belonging to the United States.
Sec. 5- And be it further enacted, That all claims
comprehended within any of the three classes
aforesaid, on which there shall be disapproval by
the commissioner of the report made by the boards
of commissioners aforesaid, shall be reported to
Congress for its action and final decision thereon.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That when-
ever it shall appear that lands claimed, and the
title to which may bo confirmed under the pro-
visions of this act, have been sold in whole or in
part by the United States prior to such confirma-
tion, or where the surveyor general of the district
shall ascertain that the same cannot be surveyed
and located, the party in whose favor the title is
confirmed shall have the right to enter upon any
of the public lands of the United States a quantity
of land equal in extent to that sold by the Gov-
ernment: Provided, That said entry be made only
on lands subject to private entry at one dollar ana
twenty-five cents per acre, and as far as may be
possible in legal divisions and subdivisions, ac-
cording to the surveys made by theUnited States.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That when-
ever any claim is presented for confirmation under
the provisions of this act, which has heretofore
been presented before any board of commissioners
under authority of Congress, the facts reported
as proven by the former board shall be taken as
true prima faciei; and the evidence offered before
such former board, and remaining of record, shall
be admitted on the examination of the claims
made under the provisions of this act.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That no land
claimed under the provisions of this act shall be
offered for sale, or otherwise disposed of by the
officers of the United States, until the final decis-
ion shall be made on the validity of such claim;
and in no case where land is possessed or culti-
vated by private persons shall it be entered upon
or surveyed as public land, or offered for sale,
without previous notice given to those in posses-
sion, requiring them to present their claims for
confirmation; and if within sixty days from the
date of such notice such claim shall not have been
filed, then the proper officers of the Government
may proceed to the survey or sale of such lands
as public lands, without prejudice, however, to
the legal rights of the possessor or claimant, if
any he have.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That before
the boards of commissioners shall be required to
receive for record any notice, paper, evidence of
title, or testimony, in support of any claim, the
claimant shall pay to said board the &um of twen-
ty-five cents for every hundred words required to
be recorded, which shall be in full consideration
for the recording and the transcript required to
be forwarded to the Commissioner of the General
Land Office.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That at the
commencement of each regular session of Con-
gress it shall bo the duty of the Commissioner of
the General Land Office to make report of all that
has been done under the provisions of this act by
the several officers charged with its execution.
Sec. 11. And. be it further enacted, That in any
case of such a claim to lands as is hereinbefore
in the first section of this act mentioned, where
the lands claimed have not been in possession of
and cultivated by the original claimant or claim-
ants, or those holding title under him or them,
for the period of twenty years aforesaid, and
where such lands are claimed by complete grant
or concession, or order of survey duly executed,
or by other mode of investiture of the title thereto
in the original claimant or claimants, by separa-
tion thereof from the mass of the public domain,
either by actual survey or definition of fixed nat-
ural and ascertainable boundaries or initial points,
courses and distances, by the competent author-
thority, prior to the cession to the United States
of the territory in which such lands were included,
or where such title was created and perfected
during the period while the foreign Governments
from which it emanated claimed sovereignty over
or had the actual possession of such territory, the
person or persons, his, her, or their heirs, devi-
sees, legal representatives or grantees, so claim-
ing such lands, may, at their option, instead of
submitting their claim to the officer or officers
hereinbefore mentioned, proceed by petition in
any district court of the United States withn
