1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
917
in palpable violation of the agreement which was
then made. He hasanswered well as to that point,
and I have nothing to add.
But the SenatorfromTSew York invokes us by
his love for theUnion, and in the spirit of frater-
nity. I have nothing- to object to the tone in
which he hag addressed us, but I wish we could
have acts instead of words. Faith might follow
something more -significant than high-sounding
professions of attachment to the Union, and fra-
ternity to its various members. If the Senator
would show to us, by his adherence to the Con-
stitution, and his faithful maintenance of the oath
he has taken to support it, that we may rely on
the pledge which he gives us that the Republican
party, bound by its oath, cannot trespass on the
rights of any section, our faith might follow,
however far behind, such manifestations upon his
own part of the good faith which ho proclaims to
be within the breast of his political party.
But are we to believe these mere professions of
the lips whilst he proclaims opposition to one ofthe
most marked features of the Constitution? whilst
he and those with whom he is associated, not
only here, but at home, are endeavoring to tram-
ple under foot the laws of the United States
enacted in conformity with the Constitution, and
to secure one of its provisions—a provision so
significant that it has been remarked, and is a
part of history, that the Union could not have
been formed if it had not been incorporated in
the Constitution? The oaths of such men become
cheap as custom-house oaths, and we are asked
to stake our future security on the mere guaran-
tee which such an oath gives!
But the Senator from New York arraigns those
who speak in a certain contingency of providing
for their own safety out of the Union, as being in
opposition to his love for the Union; and he man-
ifests his incapacity to understand our doctrine of
State rights by the very simile which he employs
when he speaks of our fathers building a temple
wherein they had a collision of opinion as to
whether the marble should be white or whether it
should be manifold in its color, and at last agreed
together—forgetful that our fathers were occupied
in providing a common agent for the States, not
building up a central government to look over
them. The States remained each its own temple.
They made an agent. Their controversy was as
to the functions and powers of that agent—not as
to the nature of the temple in which they should
preserve their liberties. That temple is the State
governments. Beneath that we sit down as under
our own vine and fig tree, sccure in our power to
maintain our rights.
But the Senator asks, how is it that, whilst we
are professing this general fraternity and adher-
ence to the Union, we still assert that if one of
his party is elected President, we are ready to
dissolve the Union ? I do not know who has made
that assertion, if it has been made. However,
the language employed may have imperfectly con-
veyed the idea that the position was assumed as the
Senator fairly presented it, under the conviction
that they spoke of those who sought the Govern-
ment to use it for their destruction. That was the
provocation, that was the contingency, however it
may have been expressed, that was the idea I have
seen embodied in every resolution of that kind
wherever it has been passed. To ask us that we
shall sit still, under such a Government, is as
though we were to be asked to sit in this Senate
Chamber, whilst we knew that some one was de-
stroying the foundation on which it rested; to ask
us to rely upon the durability which that founda-
tion had when the building was constructed; to
rely confidently on the strength we knew it once
to possess, even when we had been advertised that
that foundation was being destroyed. Are we not
advertised that the Senator and those with whom
he cooperates are assailing our constitutional
rights? How, then, can we sit quietly? If, in-
stead of sitting here to admire the panel and the
pilaster and the typical decorations of the ceiling,
one, aware that the foundation was being under-
mined, should walk out of the Chamber, would
you arraign him for endeavoring-to destroy the
building, or would you level your charges against
the sapper and miner who was at work on its
foundation ? That is the proposition.
Who has been more industrious, patient, and
skillful, as a sapper and miner against the founda-
tions of the Constitution, than the Senator him-
self? Who has been in advance of him in the
fiery charge on the rights of the States, and in
assuming to the Federal Government the power
to crush and to coerce them ? Even to-day he has
repeated his doctrines. He tells us this is a Gov-
ernment which we will learn is not merely a Gov-
ernment of the States, but a Government of each
individual of the people of the United States; and
he refers to that doctrinc of coercion which the
great mind of Hamilton (the mighty intellect of
New York, which, in his day, like a lens, gath-
ered in all which could illuminate the subject upon
which his mind was concentrated) said was a
proposition not to provide for a union of the
States, but for their destruction. Such was the
view which he who led the forces of the strong
Government party took of this idea of enabling
the Federal Government to coerce a State. Here
the Senator, in advance of that, still mistaking the
fundamental principles on which our Government
rests, talks about the individual masses coercing
the sovereign States of this Union. Sir,-when it
comes to that, there will be an " irrepressible con-
flict" indeed; and I have now the faith I have
before announced, that, when it comes to that, he
will find men loyal to the Government and true
to its institutions, residing around his own home,
who will arrest his footsteps, and hold him pris-
oner in the name of liberty and the Constitution.
There is nothing, Mr. President, which has led
men to greater confusion of ideas than this term
of " free States" and'' slave States;" and 1 trusted
that the Senator, with his discriminating and
logical mind, was going to give us something tan-
gible, instead of dealing in a phrase never appli-
cable. He applied another; but what \vas his
phrase? "Capital States" and "labor States."
And where is the State in which nobody labors?
The fallacy upon which the Senator hung adjec-
tive after adjective was, that all the labor of the
southern States was performed by negroes. Did
he not know that the negroes formed but a small
part of the people of the southern States? Did
he suppose nobody labored but a negro, there? If
so, he was less informed than I had previously
believed him to be. Negro slavery exists in the
South, and by the existence of negro slavery, the
white man is raised to the dignity of a freeman
and an equal. Nowhere else will you find every
white man superior to menial service. Nowhere
else will you find every white man recognized so
far as an equal as never to be excluded from any
man's house or any man's table. Your own me-
nial who blacks your boots, drives your carriage,
who wears your livery, and is your own in every
sense of the word, is not your equal; and such
is society wherever negro slavery is not the sub-
stratum on which the white racc is elevated to its
true dignity. We, however, have no theory to
press upon you; we leave you to such institutions
as you may prefer; but when you assail ours, we
come to the vindication of our institutions by
showing you that all your phrases are false; that
we are the freemen. "With us, and with us alone,
as I believe, the white man attains to his true dig-
nity in the Government. So much for the great
fallacy on which the Senator's argument hangs,
that the labor of the South is all negro labor, and
that the white man must there be degraded if he
labors; or that we have no laboring white men.
I do not know which is his opinion; one of the
two. The Senator has himself resided in a south-
ern State, and therefore I say T believed him to
be better informed before he spoke. I must sup-
pose him to be as ignorant as his speech would
indicate. No man, however, who has seen any
portion of southern society,can entertain any such
opinion as that which he presents; and it is in
order that the statement he has made may not go
out to deceive those less informed than himself,
that I offer at this time the correction.
The Senator makes a rather hackneyed argu-
ment, that, in asserting our right to go into the
Territory and enjoy it, wp are seeking to take ex-
clusive possession of it. I shall not dwell on that
point further than to say that we have sought to
exclude nobody. We have sought not to usurp
the Territory to our exclusive possession; we
have sought that governments should be insti-
tuted in order that every person and property might
beprotected thatwentmto it—the white man com-
ing from the North, and the white man coming
from the South, both meeting on an equality in
the Territory, and each with whatever property
he may hold under the laws of his State and the
Constitution of the United States. Such is oar
position- It is to array a prejudice, which does
not justly attach to us, to assume that we have
ever sought to exclude any citizen from any State
or Territory from going into any Territory and
there possessing all the rights which we claim to
ourselves.
We have heard time and again this session the
same point made against the Democratic party,
that they were hedging themselves behind the de-
cision of the Supreme Court. If this had been pre-
sented in the beginning, it might have had some
faimess*,.but, after years of conflict and after we
had found it utterly impossible ever to reach a con-
clusion satisfactory to both sides—in otherwords,
to enact a law which would answer the purpose—
we then agreed to postpone a question judicial in
its character, and thus agreed to be bound, legis-
latively and politically, by the decision which that
judicial question should receive. Now, the Sen-
ator pleads to the jurisdiction, as though we had
ever asserted that the Supreme Court could decide
a political question; but he was bound In honor,
and so were all who acted with him, to abide by
the decision of an umpire to which they had them-
selves referred the case. We are willing to abide
by it. We but claim from them that to which we
pledged ourselves, and that to which they were
mutually pledged when this position was taken by
the two Houses of Congress.
But the Senator in his zeal depicts the negro
slave of the South as a human being rcduced to
the condition of a mere chattel. Is it possible that
the Senator did not know that the negro slave in
every southern State was still a person, protected
by all the laws which punish crime in other per-
sons? Could the Senator have failed to know that
no master could take the life of or maim his slave .
without being held responsible under the criminal
laws of any southern State, and held to a respons-
ibility as rigid as though that negro had been a
white man? How, then, is it asserted that these
are not persons in the eye of the law, not pro-
tected by the law as persons ? The venerable Sen-
ator from Kentucky knows ver.y well that this is
not law in any State of the Union where slaves
are held, but that everywhere theyare protected;
that the criminal law covers them as perfectly as
it covers the white man. Save in the respect of
credibility as a witness, there is nothing 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Will the gentleman al-
low mc a word?
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I have not made any
particular examination as to the laws of ail the
slave States; but I believe they all contain the
provisions for the protection of slaves that are
alluded to. In my own State of Kentucky,I am
glad to say, they go much further; and the slave
there, who is cruelly treated by his master, may
make an appeal to the court of the county in which
he lives, and upon proof of the cruelty with which
he has been treated the court may take him from
his master and sell him to a more merciful one.
That is the law of my State.
Mr. DAVIS. Several southern Senators around
have spoken to me to the effect that in each of
their States the protection is secured, and a suit
may be instituted at common law for assault and
battery, to protect a negro as well as a white man.
The condition of slavery with us is, in a.word,
Mr. President, nothing but the form of civil gov-
ernment instituted for a class of people not fit to
govern themselves. It is exactly what in every
State exists in some form or other. It is just that
kind of control which is extended in every north-
ern State over its convicts, its lunatics, its minors,
its apprentices. It is but a form of civil govern-
ment for those who by their nature are not fit to
govern themselves. We recognize the fact of the
inferiority stamped upon that race of men by the
Creator, and from the cradle to the grave, our
Government, as a civil institution, marks that
inferiority. In their subject and dependent state,
they are not the objects of cruelty as they would
be if left to the commission of crime, for which
they should be incarcerated in penitentiaries and
work-houses, and put under hired overseers, hav-
ing no interest in them and no relation to them,
no affiliation, growing out of the associations of
childhood and the tender care of age. Is there
nothing of the balm needed in the Senator's own
State, that he must needs go abroad to seek ob-
