I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
M,
Laios of the United States,
36th Cong. ... 1st Sess,
Chap. CCV.—An Act making Appropriations for
the Legislative, Executive, and Judicial Ex-
penses of Government for the year ending the
thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred and sixty-
one.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives oj the United States of Jlmerica in Congress
assembled, That the following sums be, and the
same are hereby, appropriated, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for
the objects hereafter expressed, for the fiscal
year ending the thirtieth of June, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-one, namely:
Legislative.
For compensation and mileage of Senators, one
hundred and eighty-nine thousand one hundred
and thirty-eight dollars and twenty-eight cents.
For compensation of the officers, clerks, mes-
sengers, and others receiving an annual salary
in the service of the Senate, viz: Secretary of the
Senate, three thousand six hundred dollars; offi-
cer charged with disbursements of the Senate,
four hundred and eighty dollars; chief clerk, two
thousand five hundied dollars; principal clerk
,#.nd principal executive cletk in the office of the
Secretary of the Senate, at two thousand one !
hundred and sixty dollars each; eight clerks I
office of the Secretary of the Senate, at one thou- j
sand eight hundred and fifty dollars each; keeper
of the stationery, one thousand seven hundred
and fifty-two dollars; two messengers, at one
thousand and eighty dollars each; one page, at
five hundred dollars ; "Sergeant-at-Arms and Door-
keeper, two thousand dollars; Assistant Door-
keeper, one thousand seven hundred dollars;
Postmaster to the Senate, one thousand seven
hundred and fifty dollars; Assistant Postmaster
and mail caiier, one thousand foui hundred and
forty dollars; two mail boys, at nine hundred
dollars each; superintendent of the document-
room, one thousand five hundred dollars; two as-
sistants m document-room, at one thousand two
hundred dollars each; superintendent of thefold-
ing-room,one thousand five hundred dollars; two
messengers, acting as assistant doorkeepers, at
one thousand five hundred dollars each; sixteen
messengers,at one thousand two hundred dollars
each; superintendent in chaige of Senate fur-
naces, one thousand two hundred dollars; assist-
ant in charge of furnaces, six hundred dollars;
laborer m private passage, six hundred dollars;
two laborers, at four hundred and eighty dollars
each; clerk or secretary to the President of the
Senate, one thousand sevenhundred and fifry-two
dollars; draughtsman, one thousand eight hun-
dred and fifty dollars; clerk to the Committee on
Finance, one thousand eight hundred and fifty
dollars; clerk to the Committee on Claims, one
thousand eight hundred and fifty dollars; clerk
of printing records, one thousand eight hundred
and fifty dollars; chaplain, seven hundred and
fifty dollars—making seventy-nine thousand six
hundred and sixty-four dollars.
For contingent expenses of the Senate, viz:
For lithographing and engraving, thirty thou-
sand dollars.
For binding, fifty thousand dollars.
For stationery, tweive thousand dollars.
For newspapers, three thousand three hundred
dollars.
For Congressional Globe, and binding the same,
thirty-two thousand dollars.
For reporting proceedings in the Daily Globe,
for the second session of the Thirty-Sixth Con-
gress, at seven dollars and fiffy cents per column,
eleven thousand dollars.
For the usual additional compensation to the
reporters of the Senate, for the Congressional
Globe, for reporting the proceedings of the Senate
for the second session of the Thirty-Sixth Con-
gress, eight hundred dollars each, three thousand
two hundred dollars.
For clerks to committees, pages, horses, and
carryalls, fourteen thousand nine hundred and
thirty-six dollars.
For Capitol police,eight thousand two hundred
dollars.
For expenses of the heating, ventilating, and
lighting apparatus, twelve thousand dollars.
For miscellaneous items, twenty thousand dol-
lars.
NEW Sektes—TsTo. 32.
For compensation and mileage of members of
the House of Representatives and Delegates from
rerntones,six hundred and fifteen thousand two
hundred and fifty dollars.
For compensation of the officers, clerks, mes-
sengers, and others receiving an annual salary
in the service of the House of Representatives,
viz: Clerk of the House of Representatives, three
thousand six hundred dollars; two clerks, at
two thousand one hundred and sixty dollars
each; eleven clerks, at one thousand eight hun-
dred dollars each; principal messenger in the
office, one thousand seven hundred and fifty-two
dollars; three messengers, at one thousand two
hundred dollars each; Sergeant-at-Arms, two
thousand one hundred and sixty dollars; cleric to
the Sergeant-at-Arms, one thousand eight hun-
dred dollars; messenger to the Sergeant-at-Arms,
one thousand two hundred dollars; Postmaster,
two thousand one hundred and sixty dollars; one
messenger in the office, one thousand seven hun-
dred and forty dollars; four messengers, at one
thousand four hundred and forty dollars each;
Doorkeeper, two thousand one hundred and sixty
dollars; superintendent of the folding-room, one
thousand eight hundred dollars; two messengers,
at one thousand seven hundred and fifty-twodol-
lars each; one messenger, at one thousand seven
hundred and forty dollars; five messengers, at
one thousand five hundred dollars each; six mes-
sengers, at one thousand two hundred dollais
each; eleven messengers, to be employed during
the session of Congress, at the rate of one thou-
sand two hundred dollars each per annum; mes-
senger to the Speaker, one thousand seven hun-
dred and fifty-two dollars; clerk to the Committee
on Claims, one thousand eight hundred dollars;
clerk to the Committee of Ways and Means, one
thousand eight hundred dollars; Chaplain, seven
hundred and fifty dollars; making eighty-one
thousand two hundred and forty-eight dollars and
sixteen cents.
For contingent expenses of the House of Rep-
resentatives, viz:
For binding documents, fifty thousand dollars.
For furniture repairs, and boxes for members,
ten thousand dollars.
For stationery, fifteen thousand dollars.
For horses, carriages, and saddle-horses, six
thousand dollars.
For fuel, oil, and candles, including pay of engi-
neer, firemen, and laborers, and materials for
engine-room, fifteen thousand dollars.
For newspapers, twelve thousand five hundred
dollars.
For Capitol police, eight thousand four hun-
dred and twenty dollars.
For laborers, six thousand two hundred and
eighty-five dollars.
For pages and temporary mail boys, four thou-
sand five hundred dollars.
For folding documents, including pay of fold-
ers, wrapping-paper, twine, and paste, thirty
thousand dollars.
For enrtage, two thousand dollars.
For the compensation of the draughtsman and
clerks employed upon the land maps, clerks to
committees, and temporary clerks in the office of
the Clerk of the House of Representatives, sev-
enteen thousand eight hundred dollars.
For two mail boys, at nine hundred dollars
each, and the messenger in charge of the south
extension, three thousand three hundred dollars.
For miscellaneous items, forty thousand dol-
lars.
For twenty-four copies of the Congressional
Globe and Appendix for each member and Dele-
gate of the second session of the Thirty-Sixth
Congress, seventeen thousand four hundred and
twenty-four dollars: Provided, That the entire
cost of each copy shall not exceed six dollars for j
the first annual session, and three dollars for the j
second annual session. j
F^r binding twenty-four copies of the Con- j
gressional Globe and Appendix for each member [
and Delegate of the second session of the Thirty- |
Sixth Congress, six thousand nine hundred and j
sixty-nine dollars and sixty cents. ^ ;
For reporting proceedings in the Daily Globe ,
for the second session of the Thirty-Sixth Con- j
gress, at seven dollars and fifty cents per column, !
eight thousand dollars: Provided, That, in audit- !
ing and settling the account of John C. Rives for
the reports of House proceedings and debates,
nothing shall be allowed for revised speeches, a
report of which has once been published, norfor
messages and reports from the executive officers
of the Government, except the annual message^of
the President and the annual reports proper of the
heads of Departments, nor for reports from com-
mittees of the Senate; and the sixteenth section-of
the act entitled "An act making appropriations
for certain civil expenses of the Government for
the year ending the thirtieth of June, eighteen
hundred and fifty-seven,5> approved eighteenth
August, eighteen hundred and fifty-six, is hereby
repealed.
For the usual additional compensation to the
reporters of the House for the Congressional
i Globe, for reporting the proceedings of the House
1 for the second session of the Thirty-Sixth Con-
gress, eight hundred dollars cach, four thousand
dollars.
Library of Congress.
For compensation of Librarian, three assistant
librarians,and messenger, nine thousand dollars.
For contingent expenses of said library, one
thousand dollars.
For purchase of books for said library, five
thousand dollars.
For purchase of law books for said library, two
thousand dollars.
For compensation of the Superintendent of
Public Printing, and the clerks and messenger in
his office, nine thousand seven hundred and four-
teen dollars; and that hereafter the Superintendent
of Public Printing shall not be allowed to employ
more than three clerks in his office.
For contingent expenses of his office, viz: For
blank books, stationery, postage, advertising for
proposals for paper, furniture, traveling expenses,
cartage and labor in storing and transportation of
paper, and miscellaneous items, two thousand
eight hundred and fifty dollars.
For paper required for the printing of the sec-
ond session of the Thirty-Sixth Congress, one
hundred thousand dollars.
For printing- required for the second session of
the Thirty-Sixth Congress, seventy thousand
dollars.
Court of Claims.
For salaries of three judges of the Court of
Claims, the solicitor, assistant solicitor, deputy-
solicitor, clerk and assistant clerk, and messenger
thereof, twenty-seven thousand three hundred
dollars.
For stationery, books, fuel, lights, labor, and
miscellaneous items for the Court of Claims, four
thousand dollars.
Executive.
For compensation of the President of the Uni-
ted States, twenty-five thousand dollars.
For compensation of the Vice President of the
United States, eight thousand dollars.
For compensation to Secretary to sign patents
for lands, one thousand five hundred dollars.
For compensation to the Private Secretary.,
steward, and messenger of the President of tne
United States, four thousand six hundred dollars.
For contingent expenses of the Executive office,
| including stationery therefor, three hundred and
I fifty dollars.
i Department of Stale.
! For compensation of the Secretary of State,
and Assistant Secretary of State, clerks, mes-
senger, assistant messenger, and laborers in his
office, fifty seven thousand eight hundred dollars.
For the Incidental and Contingent Expenses of said
Department.
For publishing the lawsm pamphlet form, and
in newspapers of the States and Territories, and
in the city of Washington, sixteen thousand
seven hundred and twenty-five dollars.
For stationery, blank books, binding,furniture,
fixtures, repairs, painting, and glazing, ten thou-
sand dollars.
For miscellaneous items, two thousand dollars.
For copper-plate printing, books, and maps, two
thousand dollars.
For extra clerk hire and copying, two thou-
sand dollars.
To enable the Secretary of State to purchase
