1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
919
abolish slavery; and yet five members of the
council, united with the Governor whom you ap-
point, defeat the bill; and this is what you call
allowing the people of Kansas to do just as they
please. If this be freedom, will anybody tell me
what is despotism ? If this be allowing a people
to do as they please, will anybody tell me what
it is to deny them tl)is right'
My colleague admitted that the compromise
measures of 1850 were passed by members of both
of the then existing parties; that, in 1852, both in-
dorsed those measures, and denounced as a heretic
and traitor to the interests of the country any man
who, in Congress or out of Congress, should again
stir up the slavery question. It was stirred up.
Does anybody know who did it? What Repub-
lican was it that introduced, in 1854, the measure
which brought the slavery question again into
Congress? Was it the gentleman from New York >
The records do not read that way; but my col-
league introduced a certain bill, known as the Ne-
braska bill; and when he introduced it, what did
he say in his written report which accompanied
it? lie said, in his written report, that inasmuch
as, in the settlement of the compromise measures
of 1850, Congress did not think proper to repeal or
affirm the Mexican laws by which slavery was
abolished in the territories acquired from Mex-
ico during the war, therefore the Committee on
Territories were not prepared on that occasion to
recommend a departure from the policy adopted
in 1850, by recommending either an affirmance or
repeal of the Missouri compromise. When the
bill was introduced, in 1854, to organize Nebraska,
it was a departure from the policy of 1850 to re-
peal the Missouri compromise; and yet in thirty
days the bill was amended so as to declare that the
Missouri compromise was inconsistent with the
measures of 1850.
Now, sir, I shall not accuse anybody of stating
that which is not true; but I ask, when was the
truth told ? If it was true, in January, 1854, that
to repeal the Missouri compromise would be a
departure from the policy of 1850, I ask if it was
also true, in February, 1854, that the compromise
of 1850 was inconsistent with that of 1820? Both
propositions cannot stand together; and I array
the chairman of the Committee on Territories,
who made this statement in his official report,
against the same gentleman who, a few days af-
terwards, stated and voted that the measures of
1850 were inconsistent with the compromise of
1820, and there 1 leave it.
Then, sir, the question is asked here, with a
recklessness at which I am astonished, why do
you not carry out your plan of excluding slavery
from the Territories? My colleague understands
that it is a part of the Republican platform that
slavery is to be excluded from the Territories of
the United States, and he wants to know why we
do not bring forward a bill for that purpose? It
has been brought forward in this body since I
have been a member of it. On the yeas and nays,
I voted to keep slavery out of Kansas, and he
voted against the proposition. Time and again
have we tried it. I should be very glad to have
his cooperation in passing such a bill now; and
perhaps, since he has found out that the popular
sovereignty about which he has talked is a delu-
sion, he may unite with us to keep slavery out of
the Territories by the action of Congress, which
has the only legitimate authority over the subject
in the Territories.
Sir, there is another statement that I cannot
permit to go unchallenged, and which I am aston-
ished to hear made in this body. It relates to the
State of Illinois. I had seen the statement before
in some of the newspapers; but I believe I was
never present when such a statement was made,
until to-day. My colleague says; " We tried sla-
very in Illinois while it was a Territory;" and I
have seen it stated somewhere, in connection with
this remark, that, as soon as the people of Illi-
nois were permuted to manage their own affairs,
they excluded slavery. Now, sir, I state to the
Senate, and to the country, that slavery never ex-
isted in Illinois, by virtue of any law, either before
or after she was a State. Men may be seized and
impiisone'd in defiance of law. There was an
attempt to indenture servants in the State of Illi-
nois, under the old territorial laws, and when we
formed a State constitution—and I wish my col-
league to hear it—so far from the statement being
true that the Stats of Illinois had slavery while a
Territory, and abolished it when she formed a
State constitution, she gave, by her State consti-
tution, the only validity to these indentureships
that they ever had. The supreme court of the
State of Illinois, the very first time this question
pf the freedom of the negroes in that State was
brought before it, in the case of Phcebe vs. Jay,
decided by Judge Lockwood, decided expressly
that, under the ordinance of 1787, all attempts to
hold negroes in slavery, of to hold them as indent-
ured servants were illegal. It was never as slaves
that they were attempted to be held; it was by a
species ofindentureship, the negroes going volun-
tarily before some clerk or court, and there enter-
ing into_ articles of agreement with some party "to
serve him for a period of years, oftentimes ex-
tending beyond the ordinary period of human life;
but when the question came before the courts,
after the State constitution was adopted, the su-
preme court of the State decided that those in-
dentures were void, under the ordinance of 1787,
and could not be sustained; but that the people of
Illinois, in forming their State constitution, hav-
ing said that persons who had been fairly indent-
ured, under the territorial laws, should be held
to serve out the periods of their indentures, the
court held that, by virtue of this constitutional pro-
vision, the indentures originally void were made
valid. That was the condition of the negro pop-
ulation of Illinois.
While Illinois was a Territory, some of its in-
habitants petitioned repeatedly to Congress for
permission to establish slavery, and Congress as
repeatedly refused their petitions There will be
found now among the American State Papers the
report of John Randolph, of Virginia, denying
the petition of the people of Illinois to establish
slavery in that Territory. Then, sir, I say that
slavery, as such, never did exist in that State; and
the ground upon which these indentures wore
sustained was either that they were entered into
fairly, as one freeman would enter into a contract
with another, orelse that they had been confirmed
by the adoption of the constitution.
In rising, sir, my only intention was to repel
these imputations upon the Republican party of
Illinois, and to correct the statement of my col-
league in regard to the existence of slavery in that
State; slavery as such never was established in
Illinois, either before or after the constitution was
adopted, unless it was that slavery which one man
by force might establish over another. The very
first time the question came before the courts the
decision was made as I have already stated.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I have but a few words to
say, in reply to my colleague; and first, on the
question whether Illinois was a slave Territory or
not; and whether we ever had slavery in the State.
1 dislike technical denials, conveying an idea con-
trary to the fact. My colleague well knows, and
so do I, that, practically, we had slaves there
while a Territory, and after we became a State.
I have seen him dance to the music of a negro
slave in Illinois many a time, and I have danced
to the same music myself. [Laughter.] We have
both had the same negro servants to black our
boots and wait upon us, and they were held as
slaves. We know, therefore, that slavery did
exist in the State in fact, and slavery did exist
in the Territory in fact; and his denial relates
exclusively to the question whether slavery was
legal. Whether legal or not, it existed in fact.
The master exercised his dominion over the slave,
and those negroes were held as slaves until 1847,
when we established the new constitution. There
are gentlemen around me here, who know the fact
—gentlemen who were nursed by slaves in Illi-
nois. No man familiar with the history of Illi-
nois will deny the fact. The quibble is, that the
territorial laws authorizing the introduction of
slaves were void because the ordinance of 1787
said slavery was prohibited.
Notwithstanding that ordinance, the old French
inhabitants, who had slaves before the ordinance,
paid no attention to it, and held slavesstill. Slaves
were held there all the time that Illinois was a Ter-
ritory; and after it became a State they were held
till they all died out, and their children became
emancipated under the constitution. It is a fact;
we all know it. That gentleman has seen many
of those old French slaves, who were held in de-
fiance of the ordinance. Whether they were law-
fully held or not, the territorial authorities sus-
tained the rights of the master Not only were
slaves held by the French before the ordinance,
but theTerritorial Legislature passed a law in sub-
stance to this effect: any citizen might go to Ken-
tucky, or any other State or Territory, where
slaves were held, and bring slaves into the Terri-
tory of Illinois, take them to a county court, and
in open court enter into an indenture by which
the slave and his posterity were to serve him for
ninety-nine years; and in the event that the slave
refused to enter into the indenture, the master
should have a certain time to take him out and
sell him. The Senator now says that law was
not valid. Valid or not, it was executed; slaves
were introduced, and they were held; they were
used; they were worked; and they died slaves.
That is the fact. I have had handed to me a book
showing the number of slaves in Illinois at the
taking of the various censuses, by which it ap-
pears that, when the census of 1810 was taken,
there were in Illinois 168 slaves; in 1820, 917; in
1830, 747; and in 1840, 331. In 1850 there were
none, for the reason that, in 1847, we adopted a
new constitution that prohibited slavery entirely,
and by that time they had nearly all died out.
The census shows that at one time there were as
many as nine hundred slaves, and at all times the
dominion of the masterwas maintained.
The fact is, that the people of the Territory of
Illinois, when it was a Territory, were almost all
from the southern States, particularly from Ken-
tucky and Tennessee. The southern end of the
State was the~only part at first settled—that part
called Egypt—because it is the land of letters and"
of plenty. Civilization and learning all originated
in Egypt. The northern part of the State, where
the political friends of my colleague now prepon-
derate, was then in the possession of the Indians,
and so were northern Indiana and northern Ohio;
and a Yankee could not get to Illinois at all, un-
less he passed down through Virginia and over
into Tennessee and through Kentucky. The con-
sequence was, that ninety-nine out of a hundred of
the settlers were from the slave States. They car-
ried the old family servants with them, ana kept
them. They were told " Here is an ordinance of
Congress passed against your holding them."
They said, " What has Congress to do with our
domestic institutions; Congress had better mind
its own business, and let us alone; we know what
we want better than Congress;" and hence they
passed this law to bring them in and make them
indentured. Under that, they established slavery
and held slaves as long as they wanted them.
When they assembled to make the constitution of
Illinois, in 1818, for admission into the Union,
nearly every delegate to the convention brought
his negro along with him to black his boots, play
the fiddle, wait upon him, and take care of his
room. They had a jolly time there; they were
dancing people, frolicsome people, people who
enjoyed life; they had the old French habits.
Slaves were just as thick there as blackberries.
But they said " Experience proves that it is not
going to lie profitable in this climate." There
were no scruples about it. Every one of them was
nursed by it. His mother and his father held
slaves. They had no scruple about its being right,
but they said, "We cannot make any money by
it, and as our State runs away off north, up to
those eternal snows, perhaps we shall gain pop-
ulation faster if we stop slavery and invite in the
northern population;" and, as a matter of political
policy, State policy, they prohibited slavery them-
selves. How did they prohibit it? Not by eman-
cipating, setting at liberty, the slaves then in the
State, for I believe that has never been done by
any legislative body in America, and I doubt
whether any one will ever arrogate to itself the
right to divest property already there; but they
provided that all slaves then in the State should
remain slaves for life; that all indentured appren-
tices should fulfill the terms of their indentures.
Ninety-nine years was about long enough, I reck-
on, for grown persons, at least.
All persons of slave parents, after a certain time,
were to be free at a certain age, and all born after
a certain other period, were to be free at their
birth. It was a gradual system of emancipation.
Hence, I now repeat, that so long as the ordi-
nance of 1787, passed by Congress, said Illinois
should not have slavery, she did have it; and the
very first day that our people arrived at that con-
dition that they could do as they pleased, to
wit, when they became a State, they adopted a
