498
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 23,
36th Cong....1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
fifty copies, each, of volumes twenty-two and
twenty-three, of Howard's Reports of the Decis-
ions of the SupremeCourt of the United States,
five hundred dollars.
Northeast Executive Building.
For compensation of four watchmen and two
laborers,of.the Northeast Executive Building,
three thousand six hundred dollars.
For contingent expenses of said building, viz:
for fuel,light, repairs,and miscellaneous expenses,
four thousand five hundred dollars.
Treasury Department.
For compensation of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, Assistant Secretary of the Treasury, clerks,
messenger, assistant messenger, and laborers in
his office, forty-eight thousand six hundred dol-
lars.
For compensation of the First Comptroller,
and the clerks, messenger, and laborers in his
office, twenty eight thousand three hundred and
forty dollars.
For compensation of the Second Comptroller,
and the clerks, messenger, and laborer in his
office,' twenty-six thousand eight hundred and
forty dollars.
For compensation of the First Auditor, and the
clerks, messenger, assistant messenger, and la-
borer in his office, thirty-five thousand nine hun-
and forty dollars.
For compensation of the Second Auditor, and
the clerks, messenger, assistant messenger, and
laborer in his office, thirty-five thousand five hun-
dred and forty dollars.
For compensation of the Third Auditor, and
the clerks-, messenger, assistant messenger, and
laborers in his office, one hundred and thirty-two
thousand six hundred and forty dollars. And
that the twenty-nine clerks, now transferred by
the Secretary of the Treasury from the Third
Auditor's office to other bureaus of the Treasury
Department, shall be permanently transferred to
those offices, and taken from that of the Third
Auditor; but nothing herein contained shall be so
construed as to take from the several heads of the
Departments the power to tiansfer clerks tempo-
rarily from one office or bureau lo another.
For compensation of the Fourth Auditor, and
the clerks, messenger, and assistant messenger in
his office, twenty-six thousand eight hundred and
four dollars and seventy-two cents.
For compensation of the Fifth Auditor, and the
clerks,messenger,and laborer in his office, seven-
teen thousand eight hundred and forty dollars.
For compensation of the Auditor of the Treas-
ury for the Post Office Department, and the clerks,
messenger, assistant messenger, and laborers 111
his office, one hundred and seventy-two thousand
three hundred and forty dollars
For compensation of the Treasurer of the Uni-
ted States, and the clerks, messenger, assistant
messenger, and laborers in his office, twenty-seven
thousand three hundred and forty dollars.
For compensation of the Register of the Treas-
ury, and the clerks, messenger, assistant mes-
senger, and laborers in his office, fifty-one thou-
sand nine hundred and forty dollars.
For compensation of the Solicitor of the Treas-
ury, and the clerks and messenger in his office,
seventeen thousand one hundred and forty dol-
lars.
For compensation of the Commissioner of Cus-
toms, and the clerks, messenger, and laborer in
his office, twenty thousand four hundred and forty
dollars.
For compensation of the clerks, messenger, and
laborer of the Light-House Boaui, nine thousand
two hundred and forty dollars.
Contingent Expenses of the Treasury Department.
In the office of the Secretary of the Treasury:
For copying, blank books, stationery, binding,
sealing ships' registers, translating foreign lan-
guages, advertising, and extra clerk hire for pre-
paringand collecting information to be laid before
Congress—said clerks to be employed only during
the session of Congress, or when indispensably
necessary to enable the Department to answer
some call made by either House of Congress at
one session to be answered at another; and no
such extra clerk shall receive more than three
dollars and thirty-three and one third ccnts per
day for the time actually and necessarily em-
ployed—and for miscellaneous items, twelve thou-
sand dollars.
In the office of the First Comptroller:
For furniture, blank books, binding, stationery,
public documents, State and territorial statutes,
and miscellaneous items, one thousand eight hun-
dred dollars.
In the office of the Second Comptroller:
For blank books, binding, stationery, pay for
the National Intelligencer and Constitution, to be
filed and preserved for the use of the office, office
furniture, and miscellaneous items, one thousand
two hundred dollars.
In the office of the First Auditor:
Forblank books,binding,stationery,officefur-
niture, and miscellaneous items, including sub-
scription for the Constitution and National Intel-
ligencer, to be filed for the use of the office, one
thousand five hundred dollars.
In the office of the Second Auditor:
For blank books, binding, stationery,office fur-
niture, and miscellaneous items, including two of
the daily city newspapers, to be filed, bound,and
preserved for the use of the office, one thousand
two hundred dollars.
In the office of the Fourth Auditor:
For stationery, books,binding, labor, and mis-
cellaneous items, one thousand dollars.
In the office of the Fifth Auditor:
For blank books, binding, stationery, office
furniture, carpeting, and miscellaneous expenses,
in which are included two daily newspapers,
eight hundred dollars.
In the office of the Treasurer:
For blank books, binding, stationery, and mis-
cellaneous items, one thousand dollars.
In the office of the Register:
For ruling and full-binding books for recording
collectors' quarterly abstracts of commerce and
navigation, and blank abstracts for their use,
blank books, binding, and stationery, arranging
and binding canceled marine papers, cases for
official papers, and records, and miscellaneous
items, including office furniture and carpeting,
four thousand dollars.
Light-House Board.
For blank books, binding, stationery, miscel-
laneous expenses, and postage, six" hundred
dollars.
For the general puiyoses of the Southeast Executive
Building, including the Extension and the Build-
ing occupied by the Attorney General and the First
Auditor.
For compensation of twelve watchmen and
eleven laborers of the Southeast Executive Build-
ing, thirteen thousand eight hundred dollars.
For contingent expenses of said building, fuel,
light, and miscellaneous items, ten thousand
dollars.
Department of the Interior.
For compensation of the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, and the clerks, messengers, assistant mes-
sengers, watchmen, and laborers in his office,
thirty-six thousand nine hundred dollars.
For compensation of the Commissioner of the
General Land Office, and the recorder, draughts-
man, assistant draughtsman, clerks, messengers,
assistant messengers, packers, watchmen, and
laborers in his office, one hundred and seventy-
three thousand eight hundred and ninety dollars.
For additional clerks in the General Land Office,
under the act of third March, one thousand eight
hundred and fifty-five, granting bounty land,and
for laborers employed therein, fifty-eight thousand
four hundred dollars: Provided, That the Secre-
tary of the Interior, at Ijis discretion, shall be,
and he is hereby, authorized to use any portion
of said appropriation for piece work, or by the
day, week, month, or year, at such rate or ijjites
as he may deem just and fair.
To enable the Secretary of the Interior to carry
into effeet the act approved the sixteenth of May,
eighteen hundredandsixty,creatinganadditional
land district in Washington Territory,eight thou-
sand dollars: Provided, That said sum shall be
paid out of the proceeds of the sale of land in said
district, and not otherwise.
For compensation of the Commissioner of In-
dian Affairs, and the clerks, messenger, assistant
messenger, watchmen, and laborers, in his office,
thirty-one thousand nine hundred and forty dol-
lars.
For compensation of five extra clerks employed
in the Indian office, under acts of August five,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four and March three,
eighteen hundred fifty-five, and under appropria-
tions made from year to year, seven thousand
dollars.
For compensation of one clerk in the Indian
office, employed to enable the Secretary of the
Interior to carry out the regulations prescribed to
give effect to the seventh section of the act of
third March, eighteen hundred and fifty-five,
graining bounty lands to Indians, one thousand
four hundred dollars.
For compensation of the Commissioner of Pen-
sions, and the clerks, messenger, assistant mes-
senger, and laborers m his office, one hundred
and nine thousand three hundred and forty dol-
lars.
Contingent Expenses—Department of the Interior.
Office of the Secretary of the Interior:
For books, stationery, furniture, fuel, lights^
and other contingencies, and for books and maps
for the library, six thousand five hundred dollars.
For expenses of packing and distributing con-
gressional journals and documents, in pursuance
of the provisions contained in the joint resolution
of Congress approved twenty-eighth January,
eighteen hundred and fifty-seven, and act Febru-
ary fifth, eighteen hundred and fifty-nine, three
thousand dollars.
Office of Indian Affairs:
For blank books, binding, stationery, fuel,
lights, and miscellaneous items, including two of
the daily city newspapers, to be filed, bound,and
preserved for the use of the office, five thousand
dollars.
General Land Office:
For cash system and military patents, under
laws prior to twenty-eighth September, eighteen
hundred and fifty, patent and other records; tract-
books and blank books for this and the district
land offices; binding plats and field-notes; station-
ery, furniture, and repairs of same, and miscel-
laneous items, including two of the daily city
newspapers, to be filed, bound, and preserved for
the use of the office; also, for contingent expenses,
in addition, under swamp land act of twenty-
eighth September, eighteen hundred and fifty,
military bounty land acts of twenty-eighth Sep-
tember, eighteen hundred and fifty, and twenty-
second March, eighteen hundred and fifty-two,
and act thirty-first August, eighteen hundred and
fifty-two, for the satisfaction of Virginia land war-
rants, forty-two thousand dollars.
For fuel, lights, and incidental expenses attend-
ing the same, including pay of furnace-keepers,
two thousand dollars.
Pension Office:
For stationery, binding books, furniture, and
repairing the same, miscellaneous items, including
two daily city newspapers, to be filed, bound, ana
preserved for the use of the office, and for engrav-
ing and retouching plates for bounty land war-
rants, printing and binding the same, also for ex-
penses in removing the officefrom Seventeenth to
Seventh streets, and for furniture in the new office,
twenty-five thousand dollars.
For compensation of the Commissioner of Pub-
lic Buildings, and the clerk and messenger in his
office, four thousand two hundred dollais.
For stationery, blank books, plan, drawings,
and other contingent expenses of the office of the
Commissioner of Public Buildings, two hundred
and fifty dollars.
Surveyors General and their Clerks.
For compensation of the surveyor general of
Illinois and Missouri, and the clerks in his office,
five thousand eight hundred and twenty dollars. 1
For compensation of the surveyor general of
Louisiana, and the clerks in his office, four thou-
sand five hundred dollars.
For compensation of the surveyor general of
Florida, and the clerks in his office, five thousand
five hundred dollars.
For compensation of the surveyor general of
