1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
921
do not come here, give offices to them, if you
choose; if you want them for magistrates, that
is your business; but you must not send them
here*, because we do not allow anybody but citi-
zens to hold seats on this floor; and, thank God,
the Dred Scott case has decided that a negro is
not a citizen.
Now Mr. President, I hope I shall not be com-
pelled to engage further in the discussion, and I
apologize for the fact that I have occupied so
much time.
Mr. MALLORY. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I trust the Senator from
Floiida will allow me an opportunity to correct
a statement or two before the Senate adjourns.
I do not wish to occupy time to-morrow.
Mr. MALLORY. It is six o'clock, and I
move that the Senate adjourn.
Me. TRUMBULL. I hope the Senator from
Florida will not insist on his motion.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I hope the Senator from
Florida will give way.
Mr. MALLORY. Well, sir, 1 shall not insist
on my motion at present.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, *it only
needs a statement of facts and bringing my col-
league back to the issue, to show that he has not
answered at all the points which I took. He has
undertaken to show that slavery existed in Illi-
nois; and how does he doit? He refers to the cen-
sus, which shows that somebody claimed slaves
in Illinois. Docs that make it a slave State? I
believe that now slaves are claimed in all our free
States. There is* Lemmon case now pending
in the State of New York, where the right is
claimed to hold slaves in that State. He says that
the Territorial Legislature of Illinois adopted a
slave code. That is true, and the State adopted a
slave codo, if you please. Many of the first set-
tlers of Illinois wanted slavery;and nothing kept
slavery out and made Illinois what she is, but the
ordinance of 1787. The fact that persons claimed
to hold slaves in Illinois does not prove that any
were there. The very first time the question was
brought to the noticc of the courts, it was decided
that slavery could not exist in Illinois.
My colleague speaks of my having remarked
that 1 stated this to his teeth. I do, sir; and I
will tell you why I used the expression. It is
very seldom that we in Illinois have an oppor-
tunity to say anything to his face. He scarcely
ever remains to hear; the example given to-night,
of leaving the moment he is through speaking,
without waiting to hear a reply, is not uncom-
mon with him. I know he has traversed the State
of Illinois, and made declarations like those which
he has made here to-day. I availed myself of the
privilege of saymg what I did, to-day, to his face,
becauseT had him here face to face for once. I
am well aware of the way in which he discusses
questions. He makes statements, when there is
nobody present to contradict them, which the
facts of history will not sustain. He has gone
on to speak here to-day, and asked, in so many
words, why the Republican party, when they get
power, will not give to the negroes that equality
which they claim for them ? thereby assuming that
we Republicans claim equality for the negro. We
have not done any such thing; and now I will
answer that point, and answer it so that I think
he will never repeat it again, at least where he
can be replied to. He has asked here to-day,
whether wexlaim that negroes are created by the
Almighty with the same natural rights as the
white man? I answer him, that I do claim it.
Well, then, said he, does not the Declaration of
Independence declare that they are endowed with
certain inalienable rights, among which are life,
liberty, and the pursuit of happiness; and if you
deny any of these rights, do you not violate the
law of God ? That is the way my colleague put
the question. Now let me answer him. I will
apply his own mode of reasoning to white men,
and see if his construction docs not violate the
laws of God equally with mine.
He claims the Declaration of Independence ap-
plies to white men. If it applies to white men,
then white men are endowed oy their Creator with
certain inalienable rights, among which are life,
liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. What right
has he to take the life or liberty of a white man ?
Is he opposed to the criminal code of the State of
Illinois, winch subjects the horse thief to impris-
onment in the penitentiary, and takes away his
inalienable right to liberty? He says this inalien-
able right i& secured to him, being a white man,
by the great Creator; and yet he is for taking it
away, I presume. If the Declaration of Inde-
pendence applies to white men, I ask him, by vir-
tue of what authority it is that he violates the law
of God, and sends the horse thief to the peniten-
tiary, or the murderer to the gallows? Ah! sir,
he does it because the exigencies of society require
it. We deny to the negro equal political and civil
rights because the exigencies of society require
it. And if he can press the argument upon me,
that I have no right to deny an inalienable right
to a negro, then I say he has no right to deny an
inalienable right to a white man, and he must
abolish the criminal code, and let murderers and
robbers, thieves and perjurers, go unwhipped of
justice through the land. This shows the utter
fallacy of his attempt to make Republicans the
advocates of negro equality, because they say all
men are created equal, and endowed with certain
inalienable rights.
My colleague made another statement which I
must not suffer to pass. He said that he doubted
whetherany State would everarrogate to itself the
right to divest property in slaves. That is exactly
the point to which I expected my colleague would
come. It is contended, on the other side of this
Chamber, that slavery goes into all the Territories
under the Constitution, and remains there so long
as the territorial condition continues; and now we
have my colleague saying that he doubts whether
any State will ever arrogate to itself the right to
divest this property. Then how can we ever have
another free State added to this Union? Slavery
goes to all the Territories, according to his creed.
I knowhesays now, that by unfriendly legislation
the people of aTerritory may keep itout, but I do
not understand him to deny, now, that it has a
right to go into the Territories. I understand him
to admit that under the Dred Scott decision slavery
may go into any Territory, and he has abandoned
his original doctrine, that the people of a Terri-
tory, like those of a State, may exclude slavery
while in the territorial condition. Now he has
added anotherarticleto hiscreed, that no State can
arrogate to itself the right to deprive the holders
of slaves of their property. If that be so, how can
a Territory, which lias slavery in it, when it comes
to formaState constitution, get ridof slaveryand
make for itself a free constitution?
But, sir, he speaks of my arraignment of the
chairman of the Territorial Committee against the
Senator here, when he stated one thing in his re-
port, and directly the reverse in his speech. He
speaks of that as a small matter. No doubt it is
to him. Some men are very large in their own
estimation; and matters which would appear to be
of importance to others, appear very small to them.
I should think it was a matter of considerable im-
portance to me if I were to state to-day one thing
as a fact, and aver another to-morrow directly the
reverse; but to a man of his dimensions it is a very
small matter; it is the work of small politicians.
Why, sir, what is the fact about the repeal of
the Missouri compromise ? My colleague did not
introduce the proposition originally. He had re-
ported against it; he had said in his report that it
would be a departure from the policy of 1850 to
repeal it; but Mr. Dixon, of Kentucky, offered
the proposition to repeal the Missouri compro-
mise; and how did my colleague take it, and how
did the party take it? The Washington Union
came out, and denounced it as a firebrand thrown
into Congress for the purpose of stirring up agi-
tation on the subject of slavery. That is the way
it was taken here; it was denounced; but, a few
days afterwards, we find my colleague declaring
that the Missouri compromise was inconsistent
with the measures of 1850; and now, to point out
this palpable, open contradiction, patent to the
whole world, and on the records of the country,
is a very small business, the work of very small
politicians! He has gone on to repeat again, in
his last remarks, that it is wrong for one State to
interfere with the affairs of another. We admit
it; everybody agrees to it; there is not a man m
the land that does not indorse the idea; and yet
he talks against an idea which his own imagina-
tion invents, as if somebody really entertained it.
Sir, I promised not to detain the Senate at this
hour. I have said enough, I trust, to show that
slavery never did exist in Illinois-, that there was
an attempt to have slavery there, but that the old
ordinance of 1787 kept it out in spite of the wishes
of the people, and preserved tnat Territory to
freedom; and to it we owe the great prosperity
and advancement of the State.
Mr. W1GFALL. 1 merely desire to ask a sin-
gle question, with the permission of the Senator.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
Mr. WIGFALL. The Senator's colleague has
explained that the Declaration of Independence
does not apply to negroes; and the Senator him-
self explains, to my entire satisfaction at least,
that it docs not apply to white men. Now, I
should be glad to know from the Senator, if he has
the leisure, to whom it does apply? That is all.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I stated distinctly that it
applied to everybody—to negroes just as much as
white men, in my judgment. I apprehend the
Senator from Texas did not hear me. I think
that declaration applies to everybody.
Mr. WIGFALL. And therefore you have not
a right to hang a man for murder?
Mr. TRUMBULL. No sir; I believe you have
such a right.
Mr. WIGFALL. Or put him in jail?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Undoubtedly.
Mr. WIGFALL. Liberty is an inalienable
right, you say.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Unquestionably in a state
of nature it is, but society may deprive a man of
a right which would be inalienable, considering
man as an individual.
Mr. WIGFALL. If you can deprive a man
of an inalienable right, I am satisfied.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I trust the Senator from
Texas and myself both agree that there are natu-
ral. rights which cannot justly be alienated or
transferred.
Mr. WIGFALL. I do not think there are any
inalienable rights. I think man was intended to
live in society, and society has a right to regulate
its own affairs in its own way, and hang"those
who commit crimes.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think so too. That ia
a regulation of society. Men are endowed by
their Creator with certain natural rights which
they may not alienate or destroy. For instance:
no person has a natural right to destroy his own
life, but the good of society may require its for-
feiture. The fact thatundercertaincircumstances
we put a man to death, or deprive him of his lib-
erty, whether white or black, shows that the exi-
gencies of society may require this to be done.
Mr. BROWN Mr. President
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If the honorable Senator
from Mississippi will allow me, I desire now to
submit an amendment to the amendment which he
has offered; but I do not wish to make any re-
marks on the subject now.
Mr. BROWN. I have no objection to yield-
ing the floor for that purpose.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I offer the amendment. It
is to strike out all after the word "instructions"
in the proposition of the Senator from Mississippi,
and insert:
To report a bill for the immediate admission of Kansas
into the Union, under the constitution now presented, upon
an equal footing with the other States, it appearing that the
government provided for by this constitution for the State
of Kansas is republican in form, and in accordance withtibe
Constitution of the United fetates.
Mr. BROWN. I only want to move the post-
ponement of this question to get it out of the way
of the special orders for to-morrow. If we ad-
journ now, leaving this as the unfinished business,
it will come up to-morrow. I therefore move that
the further consideration of this question be post-
poned until Friday, at one o'clock, simply to get
it out of the way for to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
On motion ofMr. DAVIS, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, February 29, 1860.
The House met at twelve o 'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Septimus Tustin. D. D.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
KENTUCKY CONTESTED ELECTION.
The SPEAKER presented to the House fur-
ther testimony in the case of the Kentucky con-
tested election; which was referred to the Commit-
tee of Elections, and ordered to be printed with
the other testimony.
