i860.]
\
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
501
Laws of the United States.
S6XH Coka.... 1ST
port of the Army for the year ending the thirtieth
of June, eighteen hundred and fifty-five," any
outstanding and unpaid bonds and couponsissued
by said State, for said war debt prior to the pas-
sage of said act, but bearing date subsequent to
the first day of January, eighteen hundred and
fifty-four: Provided, That no payment shall be
made beyond the unexpended amount of said ap-
propriation now remaining in the Treasury; and
also, that there be paid out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated the sum of
twenty-two thousand dollars, or so much thereof
as may be required, for extra compensation and
salaries to the district judges of California, under
the provisions of the seventh section of the act
entitled " An act to define and regulate the juris-
diction of the district courts of the United States
in California, m regard to the survey and location
of California private land claims," approved
June, [sixteenth,] eighteen hundred and sixty.
Approved, June 23, 1860.
Chap. CCXI.—An Act making Appropriations
for sundry Civil Expenses of the Government
for the year ending the thirtieth of June, eigh-
teen hundred and sixty-one.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That the following sums be, and the
same are hereby, appropriated, for the objects
hereafter expressed, for the fiscal year ending the
thirtieth June, eighteen hundred and sixty-
one, viz:
Survey of the Coast.
For continuing the survey of the Atlantic and
Gulf coast cf the United States, (including com-
pensation of civilians engaged in the work, and
excluding pay and emoluments of officers of the
Army and Navy, and petty officers and men of
the Navy employed on the work,) two hundred
and fifty thousand dollars.
For continuing the survey of the western coast
of the United States, including compensation of
civilians engaged in the work, one hundred and
thirty thousand dollars. -
For continuing the survey of the Florida reefs
and keys, (including compensation of civilians
engaged in the work, and excluding pay and
emoluments of officers of the Army ana Navy,
•aud petty ofiicersand men of the Navy employed
on the work,) forty thousand dollars.
For running a line to connect the triangulation
on the Atlantic coast with that on the Gulf of
Mexico, across the Florida peninsula, including
compensation of civilians engaged in the work,
five thousand dollars.
For publishing the observations made in the
progress of the survey of the coast of the United
States, including compensation of civilians en-
gaged in the work, five thousand dollars.
For repairs of steamers and sailing schooners
used in the Coast Survey, ten thousand dollars.
For fuel and quarters, and for mileage or trans-
portation for officers and enlisted soldiers of tiie
Army serving in the Coast Survey, in cases no
Jonger provided for by the quartermaster's de-
partment, five thousand dollais.
For pay and rations of engineers for seven
steamers, used in the hydrography of the Coast
Survey, no longer supplied by the Navy Depart-
ment, twelve thousand eight hundred dollars.
To supply deficiency in the fund for the relief
of -sick and disabled seamen, one hundred and
seventy-five thousand dollars.
For the discharge of such miscellaneous claims,
not otherwise provided for, as shall be admitted
in due course of settlement at the Treasury, five
thousand dollars.
Foi pieserving the unfinished work upon the
Charleston custom-house, five thousand dollars;
and to pay for the marble already delivered at the
Charleston custom-house, to be used in contin-
uing the work on that building, fifteen thousand
dollars; and the Secretary of the Treasury is
directed to report to Congress, m his next annual
report on the finances, the amount of further ap-
propriations that may be required to finish, re-
spectively, this custom-house and the one at New
Orleans, and the tune neccssauy to complete the
same, and whether any changes can be made,
consistently with the purposes for which the
building is intended, which will reduce the cost
of completion; and in the mean time no further
materials shall be delivered for said custom-house.
For preserving the unfinished work upon the
New Orleans custom-house, five thousand dol-
lars; and to pay for marble already delivered at
the New Orleans custom-house, to be used in con-
tinuing the work on that building, twenty-five
thousand dollars; and in the mean time no further
materials shall be delivered for said custom-house. *
To enable the Secretary of the Treasury to fit
up ready for the occupancy of the postmaster and
his force, the necessary rooms in the custom-
house building at New Orleans, that is one half
of the first floor of the old levee front, (designed
for the post ofiice department,) according to the
original design, twenty thousand dollars.
For the extension of the Treasury building,
three hundred and fifty thousand dollars.
For furnishing rooms in the Treasury building
for the office of the Attorney General, two thou-
sand five hundred dollars.
To pay for labor on, and materials furnished
for, the Capitol Extension, one hundred andfifty-
three thousand six hundred and one dollars and
seventy-four cents; and to enable the Superintend-
ent to take care of the marble which has been
delivered, and of the shops occupied, and to lay
the marble flooring of the porticos and to pay for
the bronze doors, forty-eight thousand nine hun-
dred and twenty dollars; and for contingencies of
the Capitol Extension, twenty-three hundred dol-
lars, making two hundred and four thousand
eight hundred and twenty-one dollars and seven8
ty-four cents.
For the prosecution of the work on the Capitol
Extension during the fiscal year ending the thir-
tieth June, eighteen hundred and sixty-one, the
sum of three hundred thousand dollars: Provided,
That none of the money hereby appropriated shall
be expended in the decoration and embellishment
of the Capitol Extension by sculpture or paint-
ing, or other works of illustrated art.
To enable the Superintendent of the Capitol
Extension to purchase from Rice & Heebner
thirty-four monolithic columns of American mar-
ble, at the price specified in their supplemental
contract of March thirty, eighteen hundred and
fifty-four, the marble for said columns to be ap-
proved by the said Superintendent, the sum of
forty-seven thousand six hundred dollars: Pro-
vided, That no part of the aforesaid sum of three
hundred thousand dollars appropriated for the
prosecution of the work shall be applied to the
purchase of marble columns.
For Contingent Expenses of the Senate, viz:
For fixtures forgas,and furniture, for the com-
mittee, office, and other rooms and apartments,
in the north wing of the Capitol, as directed by
the resolution of the Senate of thirtieth March,
eighteen hundred and sixty, nineteen thousand
four hundred dollars, to be expended under the
direction of the Committee to Audit and Control
the Contingent Expenses of the Senate.
For the completion of the Washington aque-
duct, five hundred thousand dollars, to be ex-
pended according to the plans and estimates of
Captain Meigs, and under his superintendence:
Provided, That the office of engineer of the Po-
tomac water works is hereby aboli&hed, and its
duties shall hereafter be dischaiged by the chief
engineer of the Washington aqueduct.
For furniture required for the new custom-
house, post offiec5and United States court roomsat
Wheeling, Virginia, one thousand four hundred
and eleven dollars.
For the repair of the custom-house in the city
of Baltimore, fifteen thousand dollars.
Light-House Establishment,
For Atlantic, Gulf, and Lake coasts, viz:
For supplying the light-houses and beacon-
lights with oil, glass chimneys, wicks, chamois
skins, polishing powder, whiting,andotherclean-
ing materials, transportation and other necessary
expenses of the same, repairing and keeping m
repair the lighting apparatus, one hundred arid
thiriy-six thousand two hundred and twenty-six
dollats.
For repairs and incidental expenses, refitting
and improving all the Iijrht-houses, and buildings
connected therewith, one hundred and fifteen thou-
sand five hundred and twenty-sixdollars and four-
teen centsf.
For salaries of five hundred and sixty-ei^ht
keepers of ligh t-housesand light-beacons, and their
assistants, one hundred and eighty-eight thousand
nine hundred and twelve dollars and ninety-seven
cents.
For salaries of forty-nine keepers 'of-light-ves-
sels, twenty-seven thousand three hundred and
fifty dollars.
Forseammi 'swages, repairs, supplies, and in-,
cidental expenses of forty-eight light-vessels, one
hundred and seventy-two thousand seven hundred
and five dollavs.
For expenses of raising, cleaning, painting, re-
pairing, remooring,and supplying losses of buoys
and day-beacons, and for chains and sinkers for
the same, and for coloring and numbering all the
buoys, one hundred and seven thousand dollars.
For expenses of visiting and inspecting lights
and other aids to navigation, one thousand four
hundred and fourteen dollars and eighty-one
cents.
For commissions, at two and a half per centum,
to such superintendents as arc entitled to the same
under the proviso to act third March, eighteen
hundred and fifty-one, on the amount that may
be disbursed by them, in addition to available
balance, six thousand six hundred and thirty-
eight dojkrs and sixty-one ccnts.
For the Coasts of California, Oregon, and
Washington:
For supplying fifteen light-houses and beacon-
lights with oil, glass chimneys, wicks, chamois
skins, polishing powder, and other cleaning mate-
rials, transportation, expenses of keeping lamps
and machinery in order, publishing notices to
mariners of changes of aids to navigation, eleven
thousand six hundred and sixty-six dollars and
sixty-four cents.
For salaries of thirty-five keepers and assistant
keepers of light-houses, at an average not ex-
ceeding ei^ht hundied dollars per annum, four
thousand dollars.
For expenses of raising, cleaning, painting, re-
pairing, remooringjand supplying losses of buoys
and day-beacons, and for chains and sinkers for
the same, and for coloring and numberingall the
buoys, three thousand dollars.
For the maintenance of the vessel provided for
by the act of eighteenth August, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-six, for inspection and transporta-
tion purposes, thirty thousand dollars.
For continuing the construction of the light-
house at Minot's Ledge, one of the Cohasset
rocks, Boston Ba.y, Massachusetts, being the
amount remaining- to be appropriated to complete
the work according to the original estimate, forty-
seven thousand and ninety dollars and thirty-six
cents.
For completion and protection of way to light-
house at Huron, Ohio, six thousand dollars; and
for the protection of the piers and beacon-light on
the pier at Cleveland, Ohio, eight thousand dol-
lars; and for the protection of the piers and bea-
con-light on the pieisat Fairport, Ohio, five thou-
sand dollars.
Forcoramutation of fuel and quartcrsfor officers
of the Aimy serving on light-house duty, the
payment of which is no longer provided for by
the quartermastci ?s department, three thousand
two hundred and two dollars and twenty-nine
cents.
For compensation of two superintendents for
the life-saving stations on the coasts of Long
Island and £few Jersey, three thousand dollars.
For compensation of fifty-four keepers of
stations, at two hundred dollars each, ten thou-
sand eight hundred dollars.
For support, care, and medical treatment of
forty transient paupers, medical and surgical
patients in Washington Infirmary, six thousand
dollars.
For the purchase of manure for the public
ground, one thousand dollars.
For hire of carts on the public ground, one
thousand and ninety-ii ve dollars.
For purchase and repair of tools used in the
public grounds, two hundred and fifty dollars.
For purchase of trees and tree-boxes, to replace
where necessary such as have been planted by the
United States, and the repair of pavements in
