924
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 29,
Mr. FLORENCE. I hope the election will
not be postponed. This subject has now been in
contention for several weeks, preventing legisla-
tion, while the public creditors have been clamor-
ing at our doors; and here we are, doing nothing
but squabbling for spoils.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I should like to have the
absentees called again. I understood the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Humphrey] to state
that he would pair off with Mr. Kunkel. With
that understanding, I withdraw all objection to
proceeding with the vote for Printar. I do not
desire to prevent it.
The SPEAKER. Does the Chair understand
the motion to postpone to be insisted on?
Mr. BURNETT. I withdraw it, on condition
that the absent members on this side of the House
sha]i be paired off.
Mr. ADAMS, of Kentucky. I hope my col-
league will not withdraw the motion to postpone.
I want to hear the "irrepressible conflict" m the
Senate
Mr. BARKSDALE. Mr. Kunkel is absent.
Will any gentleman on the opposite side pair
with him?
Mr. GROW. Mr. Clark B. Cochrane is at
home. We will pair him with Mr. Kunkel.
Mr. BARKSDALE. That would not be fair.
Mr. Cochrane has not been here for two months.
Mr. GROW. Neither was Mr. Stallworth
here when he was paired.
Mr. BARKSDALE. Gentlemen on that side
of the House are very well aware that it would
not be fair to pair Mr. JKunkel, who has been here
the whole session, with Mr. Cochrane, who has
been absent for the last two months.
Mr GROW. Just as fair as to pair off Mr.
Scran ton, who was here, with Mr. Stallworth,
who had not been here at all.
Mr. BARKSDALE. We are willing that Mr.
Cochrane should be paired off with Mr. Brown,
of Kentucky. [Laughter.]
Mr. PHELPS. It is apparent, Mr. Speaker,
that we can make no progress to-day with the
election of Printer. I suggest that we postpone
the election till to-morrow. [Cries of1 'No!"' 'No!"
from the Republican benches.]
Mr. BARKSDALE. Then, I understand that
Mr. Humphrey pahs with Mr. Kunkel.
Mr. HUMPHREY. Yes; if Mr. Kunkel be
not already paired.
•Mr. TOMPKINS stated that Mr. Moore, of
Kentucky, was paired off with Mr. Wood.
Mr BARKSDALE. It strikes me there ought
to be an understanding on the subject before we
proceed to a vote. I desire to ask whether any
gentleman is absent on either side, who is not
paired ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
there arenoabsenteesunpaired, exceptMr. Clark
B. Cochrane.
Mr. PHELPS. I hope the Clerk will read
over the list of absentees, stating with what gen-
tleman they are paired, as far as the Clerk may
know.
The list of absentees and statement of pairs was
read.
SEVENTEENTH VOTE FOR PRINTER,.
The tellers (Messrs. Pettit, CUtarles, Flor-
ence, and John G. Davis) having resumed their
plaecs, the House pioceeded to vote Diva voce the
seventeenth time for Printer, with the following
result: Whole number of votes cast, 180; neces-
sary to a choice, 91; of which—
Mr. Foul teceivcd 87
Mr. Glofsbienner 78
Mr. Seaton  9
Mr. Ball  3
Mr. Winton  2
Mr. Ritchie    1
So there was no choice.
The following is the vote in detail:
For Mr. Ford — Messrs. Charles F. Adams. Aidrich,
Alloy, William C. Anderson, Babbitt, Bingham. Blair,
Blake, Biatton, Buffinton, Builmgaine, Burnham,'Butter-
field, Campbell, C.irey, Carter, Case, Colfax, Corvvm, Co-
vode, Cuttiss IJawpo-, Dunn, Edgerton,Edwards,Eliot, Elv,
Farusv* orlh, Foster, French, Gooch, Graham, Grow, GnV-
ley, Hale, Hail, Hchnick, Hickman, Hatching Iivine,
Franeir. VV. Kello?g, William Kellogg, Kilgore, Killingei,
DeWitt C. Lcsicli. Lee, Loomi-, Loveioy, Marion, Me-
Kean. McKniglu, MePherson, Milhvard, Moorhead, Mor-
rill. Eihvard Jov Morris, Mor<e, Peftit, Porter.'Pottle,Rice,'*
Christopher Robunon, Royee, Schwartz. Sedgwick, Slier-
man, Somes, Spauldtng, Spinner, Stanton, William Stew-
art, rI appan, Tbaycr, Th^aker, Tompkin>, Tumble, Verree,
Waldron, Walton, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Elhhu B.
Washburne, Israel Washburn, Wells, Wilson, Windom,
Woodruft, and Mr. Speaker.
For Mr. Closhrenncr—Messrs. Alien, Thomas L. Ander-
son, A"?hmore, Avery, Barksdale, Barr, Barrett, Boeoek,
Buuhgny, Branch, Burnett, John B. Claik, Clopton, Cobb,
John Cochrane, Cooper, Cox, James Craig, Button Craige,
Crawfoid, Curry, Davtdt-on, John G. Davit-, I)o Jarnette,
Edmund.-on, English, Floienee, Gartrell, Hamilton, John
T. Harris, Hawkins, Hill, Holman, Houston, Howard,
Hughes, Jackson, Jenkins, Jones, Landrum, James M.
Leach, Leake, Logan, Love, Mallory, Charles D. Martin,
Elbert S. Martin, Maynard, McQueen, MeRae, Miles,
Sydenham Moore, NeKon, Noell, Pendleton, Peyton,
Phelps, Pugh, Ciuarles, Reagan, James C. Robinson, Baffin,
Scott, Sickles, Simms, Singleton, William Smith, William
N. II. Smith, Stallworth, Stevenson, Taylor,Thomas, Un-
derwood, Vallandigham, Vance, Whiteley, WmsJow, and
Wright.
For Mr. Seaton—Messrs. Green Adams, Boteler, Brab-
son. Briggs, Bristow, Gilmer, Hatton, Stokes, and Webster.
For Mr. Ball—Messsis. H. Wintei Davis, Etheridge, and
Peiry.
For Mr. Winton—Messrs. Adrain and Reynolds.
For Mr. Ritchie—Mr. Million.
During the vote,
Mr. BOYCE stated that he had paired off with
Mr. Olin for to-day.
Mr. CLEMENS stated that he was paired off
with Mr. Stevens, of Pennsylvania; if he had
been able to vote, he would have voted for Mr.
Glossbrenner.
Mr. JUNKIN stated that he had paired off with
Mr. Montgomery.
Mr. McKEAN stated that after this ballot, he
had paired off for the day with Mr. Cox. ~
Mr. CASE stated that after this vote, he nad
paired off for the day with Mr. Davidson.
Mr. WILSON stated that after this vote, he
had paired off with Mr. Curry.
The result of the vote having been announced,
Mr. PHELPS moved to postpone the election
of Printer until Monday next.
Mr. CURTIS. I ask leave now to submit the
resolution ofmquiry which I offered thismorning.
Mr. BURNETT. I do not know what the
resolution is; but I insist upon a vote on the mo-
tion of the gentleman from Missouri.
Mr. PHELPS. My motion is to postpone the
election until one o'clock on Monday next.
Several Members. Let us take another vote.
Mr. MILES. Will the gentleman yield to me
for a moment, to allow me to withchaw some
papers from the files of the House ?
Mr. PHELPS. That can be done under the
rules at the Clerk's desk.
Mr. MILES. I think not.
Mr. PHELPS. It is done every day.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move as an amendment
to the motion of the gentleman from Missouri,
that the election of Printer be postponed until to-
morrow at two o'clock. That will be after the
morning hour.
The question was taken on Mr. Sherman's
motion; and it was agreed to.
PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the rules be
suspended, and the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Washburnc, of Illinois, in the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN. When the committee rose
it had under consideration resolutions of reference
of the President's message. On that question,
the gentleman from Texas [Mr. Reagan] is en-
titled to the floor.
Mr. REAGAN. Mr. Chairman, I avail myself
of the general range of debate, in Committee of
the Wholeon the President's message, to discuss
some topics which concern the whole nation. And,
as I cannot expect to occupy the attention of the
committee soon again under our rules, I shall have
to try to discuss a greater number of questions
than may be conveniently considered or clearly
presented m one speech.
In the course of myremarkson the 4th of March
last, when speaking of the purpose, and, I may
add, of the determination of the Republican party
to prevent the further extension of slavery in the
Territories, I assumed that the Terntoriesacquired ;
since the formation of the Constitution, being ac- j
quired by the common blood and common treas- !
ure of all the people of all the Stales, were, as a
logical and legal necessity, upon every principle
of reason and right, the common property of all
the people of all the States; or, to use another
form of expression, that territory acquired b}' the
mutual and joint efforts of all the people of the
thirty-three States of the Union is, upon every
principle of reason and fair dealing, the common
property of all those who acquired it. I also as-
sumed that the Federal Government was the agent
and trustee of the people of these States, holding,
regulating, and disposing of this common terri-
tory for their common and mutual benefit. And
when the title to parcels of this territory passes
out of this trustee, thf? Federal Government, to
purchasers or settlers, it is always for a consid-
eration which inures to the common good of all
the people. The great and paramount object is
to furnish homes for the people on easy terms.
And when I say homes for the people I mean, of
course, homes for the people of any and every
part of the Union; and not that the territory
acquired by the people of the thirty-three States is
acquired for the benefitof the seventeen free States
to the exclusion of the people of the fifteen slave-
holding States, any more than when the public
lands are sold, the purchase money should go into
the hands of the people of the seventeen free States
instead of into the Federal Treasury,as the means
of the whole people.
If I am correct in this, and I presume no one
can doubt that I am, I ask if any act of Congress
which would divert the proceeds of the sales of
these lands from the common Treasury, and apply
them to the exclusive use of the people of the
seventeen free States, would not be clearly uncon-
stitutional? And if this question be answered in
the affirmative, then I ask if any act of Congress
which would limit the right of settlement on these
lands to the people of the seventeen free States, to
the exclusion of the people of the fifteen slave
States, would not be equally unconstitutional?
And if this question be answered in the affirma-
tive, then I ask if any act of Congress which
would exclude any given number of the people
from a right of settlement secured to the remainder
of them, would not also be unconstitutional ? And
if this question be answered in the affumative,
would not any act of Congress which should
imposeonerousand burdensome disabilities on the
people of the slaveholdmg States, affecting their
right to settle m the Territories, or creating a legal
condition, express or implied, which should not
apply to the people of the free States, and requir-
ing a compliance with it to enable them to settle
in the Territories, be also clearly unconstitutional ?
And if this be answered in the affirmative, I ask,
if Congress or a Territorial Legislature should
pass an act abolishing slavery in any of the Ter-
ritories, if such an act would not impose upon
every slaveholder, as a condition of his right to
settle in any such Territory, the necessity of sell-
ing or freeing his slaves? And if this question
be answered in the affirmative, would it not follow,
as an inevitable a/id logical consequence, that such
an act would be unconstitutional and void?
I beg to be understood as not putting these
propositions for any purpose of controversy, but
solely for the purpose of drawing out and estab-
lishing, by fair statement and logical deduction,
the fact that neither Congress nor the Territorial
Legislatures have the power to abolish slavery in
the Territories.
It is admitted by the Republicans that they have
no power over the subject of slavery in the States.
And if it can be shown that they have no power
over the subject in the Territories, while in a ter-
ritorial condition, then the country will judge
whether they are excusable for a longer continu-
ance of their unlawful, irritating, and dangerous
agitation of this question, and whether they should
longer insist on an unconstitutional restriction on
the rights of their fellow-citizens, which, if car-
ried out, would brand the people of fifteen States
with inequality of rights under a Constitution
which recognizes them as equal^ and thus drive
them to degradation and dishonor in the Union, or
independence, equality, and self-respect out of it.
I do not propose now to reply to the declama-
tion we so often hear in this Hall on the abstract
question of freedom; but may submit a word of
inquiry os to what freedom is, as applied to the
people of the United States, composed as they are
of two races, with capacities so different, that
what to one is liberty would to the other be
unbridled anarchy and licentiousness; and will
call attention to tlie fact, that those who engage
m this fugitive declamation about freedom, and
