1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
925
the crime of slavery, as they call it, never dare
come up to the real questions they have raised.
They excite the passions of the fanatical and
ignorant, by wild and reckless declamation, and
shrink bacK appalled from such questions as real
statesmen have to grapple. They do not recog-
nize the fact in their discussions of the existence
of two races of men in the country, differing in
color, differing in physical conformation, differing
in intellectual capacity and endowments, and dif-
fering in the quality of their moral perceptions.
For the purposes of agitation, they treat all as
equals; and yet they dare not acknowledge the
negro equal to themselves. Even Mr. Giddings
would not acknowledge this, last session, when
pressed on the question by his colleague. And,
to-day, I have no doubt, that if the negroes of the
South could be freed, on the condition that they
should be sent to live in the free States, and the
question were submitted to the Republican party
whether they would consent to their freedom on
these terms, they would with almost entire una-
nimity refuse the negroes their freedom.
And yet they pretend it is a crime in us not to
set them free, at our own expense, and submit also
to allow them to remain among us, or undertake
to find homes for them elsewhere, at our own ex-
pense. Theydo not recognize and considerin their
speeches the fact that there are four million of
these negroes; that they are incapable of self-gov-
ernment; and that to invest them with freedom
would necessarily lead to the extermination of the
greater part of them for the safety of society and
the preservation of real, intelligent, regulated lib-
erty to the people of fifteen States of the Union;
and the relapsingof the remainder of them into the
condition of degradation, suffering, and want, in
which the free negroes of the free States, and of the
West Indies, are now wearing out their miserable
existence, in a hopeless competition with a supe-
riorrace in the one,andforthe wantofintelligence
to direct and control them in the other. Nor do
they consider the fact that these four million
negroes represent, in the hands of their owners,
two thousand million dollars; which, in itself,
is a valuable investment of capital, and in their opin-
ion, improving and elevating the negro morally,
intellectually and physically, and adding to the
prosperity and happiness of the white racp. A
statesman, when he proposes an act, considers its
end. Do these gentlemen, when they propose free-
dom to the negro, consider in what that freedom
must end ? Why, sir, so well do they know their
weakness, on these great questions, that theydare
not discuss them. They have not, and they will
not,attemptto tell whatisto become of the negroes
if set free. They have not, and they will not, at-
tempt to tell how they will free them in the States.
And they only propose excluding them from the
Territories by a violation of the great charter of
American liberty, the Constitution of the United
States, which they have all sworn to support.
Thus proving, by their own want of good faith in
violating the most solemn of human compacts,
their own incapacity for free, self-government.
For no people are fit to be free, or will long remain
free, who cannot understand,or will not maintain
their political compacts.
It is assumed by some that the power of Con-
gress to legislate for the Territories, carries with
it the right to mold the institutions of a Territory,
and hence to abolish slavery; and by others,
that slavery is a creature of local law, and that it
cannot be carried into the Territories and main-
tained there without the aid of positive local law;
and by others still, that, while slavery is recog-
nized by the Constitution, and ma}7 go into the
Territories under its protection, and cannot be
abolished in the Territories by Congress, that yet,
under the authority of Congress conferring on
them the right to regulate their domestic institu-
tions, subject (to.use the language of the Kansas-
Nebraska bill) to the Constitution of the United
States, they may abolish it.
Either of these three modes of Siting rid of \
slavery in the Territories involves twb highly im- ]
portant questions. The one, the right of all the J
people to an equal participation in the settlement
of the Territories, the common property of all. [
The other, the power under the Federal Consfi- !
tution to destroy private property. The first as- j
suming that the people of the United States are j
not equals in their rights under the Constitution.
The second claiming an absolutely despotic au- i
thority, such as few despots would dare exercise
in this age of the world, even over the most sub-
servient people, under our republican Constitu-
tion, framed to secure and preserve the equal
rights of all the people under it; and that, too,
when the Constitution provides that
" No person shall be deprived of life, liberty, or property,
without due process of law; nor shall private property be
taken for public use without just compensation."
A Constitution conferringbutlimited and strictly
delegated authority on Congress, and declaring
that " the enumeration in it of certain rights shall
not be construed to deny or disparage others re-
tained by the people," and that "the powers not
delegated to the United States by the Constitu-
tion, nor prohibited by it to the States,are reserved
to the States respectively, or to the people;'' and
which says, in its preamble, it was " ordained"
to4'establish justice" and insure "domestic tran-
quillity."
It is also said that if the power be conceded to
Congress to legislate for the protection of slavery
in the Territories, it may, under the power to legis-
late on the subject, abolish slavery. The power
to destroy property in slaves no more follows the
authority to protect slave property, than does the
power to destroy commerce follow the authority
"to regulate commerce with foreign nations, and
among the several States, and with the Indian
tribes;" or the authority to take from a citizen his
money under the power " to coin money and reg-
ulate the value thereof;" or the right to sink our
national ships in the ocean under the power to
"provide and maintain a navy;" or the power to
imprison the citizen and confiscate his property
under that clause of the Constitution which pro-
vides for " the right of the people to be secure in
their persons, houses, papers, and effects, against
unreasonable searches and seizures."
Again, the Republicans declare broadly that
theydo not recognize the right of property in man.
Which can only mean that they deny the author-
ity of the Constitution; and, in their perverse de-
termination to agitate, appeal to a "higher law."
And this declaration is made in the face of the his-
tory of negro slavery in this country before and
since the formation of the Constitution; in view
of the fact that the Constitution provides for the
capture and return of fugitive slaves, on account
of the proprietary right of the masters to their ser-
vices; in the face of the fact that the Constitution
provided that the African slave trade should not be
prohibited for twenty years after its adoption, in
order that the people of the United States might
acquire a still greater amount of property in slaves;
and when it authorized the imposition of a tax of
not exceeding ten dollars a head on those which
were to be imported, thus deriving a part of the
revenues of the country from their importation;
and in view of the further fact that at the date of
the Declaration of Independence the right of prop-
erty in negro slaves was recognized in every one
of the States then declared to be free and independ-
ent; and that at the time of the adoption of the
Federal Constitution every State but one still rec-
ognized the right of property in negro slaves, and
their citizens then bought and sold, and held and
owned them as property, and that they passed by
inheritance and sale among them just as any other
property.
And here I may say that a very large part of
the slaves, whose descendants are now owned in
the South were brought from Afnea and sold into
shivery, as property of course, by the f.tthers of
the men who now talk so loudly about the crime
of slavery. This shows a difference of opinion
between the fathers, in the now free States, who
helped to form and adopt the Federal Constitution,
and their sons, who repudiate its provisions, as
to the right of pioperty in negro slaves. And it
should also be borne in mind that the people of
the free States, instead of freeing their slaves and
allowing them to remain among them, as they
would have us do, sold the most of them to the
people of the present slave States, and received
their value in money, and thereby relieved them-
selves of the unpleasant thought of having to
indulge in the luxury of abolitionism at the ex-
pense of any pecuniary sacrifice to themselves.
And a^ain we are met by the Republicans with
the statement that the Declaration of Independ-
ence declares that all men " are created equal; that
they are endowed by their Creator with certain
inalienable rights; that among these are lifr, lib-
erty, and the pursuit of happiness.'' So it does; but
this did not mean that slaves should be equal in
authority with their masters, any more than that
ladies should be legislators, judges, and generals;
or that children should chastise their parents for
disobedience. _ It was simply a declaration of the
political equality, so far as it has any political
effect, of those who were parties to the political
compact then being -formed. The same people
in whose name the Declaration of Independence
was made, ratified the Federal Constitution. In-
deed, though they bore different dates, they are but
parts of the same splendid and happy scheme of
government. And a number of the persons who
signed the Declaration of Independence aided in
framing the Constitution. That Constitution did
not enfranchise the Indians, and make them our
political equals. It expressly disfranchises such
of them as are not taxed. It did not enfranchise
the negroes, and place them on political equality
with the whites; for it recognized them as com-
merce and property, and provided for their return
to service when they escaped from their masters.
But this position, that the Declaration of Inde-
pendence sanctions abolitionism, is precisely of
a piece with the other, which refuses to recognize
the right of property in negro slaves. They may
serve to amuse and deceive the ignorant, and as
pabulum for political demagogues, but can excite
no emotion in an enlightened and honorable mind
but that of pity and contempt.
The Constitution may not be what these gen-
tlemen wish it to be. But if it is not, they ought
to endeavor to have it changed, and not attempt
to destroy it by constructions which would con-
tradict our whole past history, and involve its
illustrious framers in the most shallow absurdi-
ties. If they are dissatisfied with our present
Constitution and form of government, it is due to
truth, candor, and fair dealing, as weil as to their
own dignity, honor, and statesmanship, that they
should say so plainly, and announce fairly the
changes they desire, so that the people and the
country may understand their aims and purposes,
and act on them advisedly. Itisunstatesmanlikc,
it is unmanly and unpatriotic, to attempt to sub-
vert the Constitution oy hypocritical indirection,
under the cover of deceitful generalities, and by a
studied evasion of a fair presentation, and free,
open discussion of the real questions involved.
I wish now to call attention to some remarks
which I submitted briefly, and without any pre-
vious arrangementof my thoughts, in the progress
of the debates on the 4th and 5th of March; and
to call attention to some criticisms on them, made
by the gentleman from Connecticut [Mr. Ferry]
in his speech on the 10th of this month; and to
others, made by the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Fenton] in his speech on the lGth of this
month. I do this for the purpose of correcting
errors into which those gentlemen seem to have
fallen, and to protect myself against future mis-
understanding; for it is evident that, whether they
intended it or not, they did me manifest injustice.
My position was, that the Constitution of the
United States conferred no authority for the de-
struction of private property, either by Congress
©r a Territorial Legislature; and that negro slaves,
being property, neither Congress nor a Territorial
Legislature could abolish slavery in a Territory.
I stated, at the same time, that slavery might be
abolished by the people of the States, in the exer-
cise of their right of sovereignty, without any in-
fraction of the Federal Constitution; and that it
might be abolished by the people of a Territory,
when they came to form for themselves, by a sov-
ereign act, a constitution and State government.
I also stated, in substance, that the authority to
do so by a State, or territorial convention form-
ing a State government, was not to be found in
the Constitution and laws of the United States,
or in reason or natural justice; but that, if done,
it must be by an act of power, which I designated
as a revolutionary act, resting upon an authority
superior to thatof the Constitution and laws, and
independent of them; inasmuch.as the authority
of the people who form States, is superior to the
authority of the States they form. And though,by
such an act of so vereignty, private property may be
destroyed,! insisted, and still insist, that it would be
one of arbitrary,despoticpower—a revolutionary
act—resting for its authority,not upon the Consti-
tution and laws of the United States, for there is no
such power or object in them; not upon the spirit,
