I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
"563
Laws of the United States.
36th Cong. .. .1st Sess.
missioner of Patents is hereby authorized to pay
those employed in the Patent Office from April
first, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, until April
first, eighteen hundred and sixty, as examiners
and assistant examiners of patents, at the rates
fixed by law for these respective grades: Pro-
vided, That the same be paid out of the Patent
Office fund, and that the compensation thus paid-
shall not exceed that received by those duly en-
rolled as examiners and assistant examiners of
patents for the same period.
Sec. 6. And be it further* enacted. That the con-
tract made with Gales & Seaton, under the nine-
teenth section of the '* act making appropriations
for sundry civil expenses of the Government for
the year ending the thirtieth of June, eighteen
hundred and fifty-nine," approved the twelfth of
June, eighteen hundred and fifty-eight, for the
publication of a continuation of the American
fetate Papers, be so modified as to require the pub-
lishers^ to defray all the expenses of selecting,
compiling, and arranging the documents proper
to be included in that work; also the expenses of
binding, and of all engraving on copper, steel,
and wood, and for lithographing, which' may be
considered necessary by the Secretary of the yen-
ate and Clerk of the House of Representatives,
together with the expenses of preparing full and
proper indexes for each volume, and a general
index of the whole work, including the volumes
contained in the first series, and all other contin-
gent or incidental expenses whatsoever attending
such publication. And, moreover, that the price
to be allowed to the publishers for said work shall
be fifteen per centum less per volume than the
average price per volume paid for the first series
of the same, printed under the act of March sec-
ond, eighteen hundred and thirty-one. And the
said volumes shall be delivered to the Secretary
of the Interior as the same may be completed,
who shall place three hundred copies in the De-
partment of State for its use, and for exchange
with foreign Governments, and seven hundred
copies in his own Department for distribution to
public libraries in the several States and Territo-
ries, and hold the residue of the copies in his cus-
tody, subject to the further order of Congress.
Ana the Secretary of the Treasury is hereby di-
rected to pay the publishers of the said work, at
the rate per volume above mentioned, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated, as the same may be delivered to the Secre-
tary of the Interior, and on his certificate of de-
livery; and so much of the aforesaid nineteenth
section of the act of June twelve, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-eight, os is inconsistent with this
act, be, and the same is hereby, repealed: Pro-
vided, That the volumes shall average not less
than one thousand pages: Provided further, That
the whole amount expended in the publication of
these volumes shall not exceed three hundred and
forty thousand dollars.
Sec. 7. And be it farther enacted, That the Sec-
retary of the Treasury be, and he is hereby,
authorized and directed to settle and adjust the
accounts of the contractor for the erection of the
United States custom-house and post offi'-.e at San
Francisco, California, and to pay to said con-
tractor, out of any money in the Treasury not !
otherwise appropriated, the amount that may be !
found to be justly due to him under the contracts i
made between said contractor and the proper }
officers of the Government for erecting said build- j
ing, and, also, such sum as may be found due for
furnishing the same.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That the dis-
trict attorney of the United States for the District
of Columbia, under the direction of the President
of the-United States, shall ascertain the fair cash
value of the real estate hereinafter mentioned;
also, at what price the same can be purchased, ■
and the condition of the titles, and report the re-
sult to Congress at its next session, to wit: the
following described squares and parts of squares
in the city of Washington, namely: so much of
square five hundred and seventy-five as is in-
cluded within the following described lines: be-
ginning on the west side of First street west, at
a point sixty-seven feet north of the southeast
corner of said square, and running thence south
with* the line of First street west to the southeast
corner of said square; thence with the line of
Pennsylvania Avenue along the boundary of said
square in said avenue one hundred and eighty
feet; thence in a straight line to the point of be-
ginning; also so much of square five hundred and
seventy-six as is included within the following
described lines: beginning on the west side of
First street west, at a point sixty-seven feet south
of the northeast corner of said square, and run-
ning thence north with the line of First street
west, to the northeast corner of said square;
thence with the line of Maryland Avenue along
the boundary of said square on said avenue one
hundred and eighty feet; thence in a straight Une
to the point of beginning; also, the whole of
squares six hundred and eighty-seven and six
hundred and eighty-eight.
Approved, June 25, 1860.
Chap. CCXII.—An Act making further Appro-
priations for the service of the Post Office
Department during the fiscal year ending the
thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred and sixty.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That the following sums be, and the
same are hereby, appropriated for the service of
the Post Office Department for the year eliding the
thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred and sixty, out
of any moneys in the Treasury arising from the
revenues of the said Department, in conformity
to the act of the second of July, eighteen hundred
and thirty-six:
For transportation of the mails, (inland,) seven
million six hundred and ninety-four thousand and
ten dollars: and the Postmaster General is hereby
authorized and required to advertise for proposals
and contract with the lowest responsible bidder or
bidders, for the transportation of the United States
mail, in steamships, from Charleston, South Car-
olina, via Savannah, Georgia, to Key West, Flor-
ida, and back, twice a month, or oftener, from
thefirstdayof July, eighteen hundred and sixty, to
the thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred and sixty-
four, inclusive, at such sum as he may think rea-
sonable, not to exceed fifty thousand dollars per
annum.
For compensation to postmasters, one million
two hundred and seventy-six thousand dollars.
For clerks in the offices of postmasters, four
hundred and seventy-five thousand dollars.
For ship, steamboat, and way letters, twenty
thousand dollars.
For office furniture in the post offices, four
thousand dollars.
For advertising, seventy thousand dollars.
For mail bags, twenty-seven thousand five hun-
dred dollars; and out of the same the Postmaster
General shall pay to the contractors for furnish-
ing leather mail pouches, wrapping and printing
paper, mail locks and keys, and stamps, interest,
at the rate of six per cent, on all sums heretofore
due said contractors, and which remained unpaid
for want of funds, from the time said sums were
due to the day when the principal sums were in
fact paid.
For blanks, fifty-four thousand dollars.
For wrapping paper, twenty-six thousand dol-
lars.
For mail locks, keys, and stamps, seven thou-
sand five hundred dollars.
For mail depredations and special agents, thirty-
seven thousand five hundred dollars.
Formiscellaneouspayments, two hundred thou-
sand dollars.
For postage stamps and stamped envelopes,
fifty thousand dollars.
For payments of balances due to foreign coun-
tries, three hundred thousand dollars.
For payments to letter-carriers, one hundred
and eighty-seven thousand and thirty-seven dol-
lars.
Sec? 2. And be it farther enacted, That the sum
of three million one hundred and twenty-six thou-
sand three hundred and twenty-four dollars be,
and the same is hereby, appropriated, to be paid
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, to supply deficiencies in the revenue
of the Post office Department for the year ending
the thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred and sixty.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the Sec-
retary of the Navy is hereby directed to pay E.
K. Collins and his associates the sum of Eighty
thousand two hundred and eighty-two dollars and
seventy-two cents, that being the remaining bal-
ance found due themuj^on their contract for trans-
porting the United States mail between New York
and Liverpool.
Sec. 4. And be it,further enacted, That when-
ever any contractor in the service of the Post
Office Department shall at any time between the
third day of March, eighteen hundred and fifty-
nine, and the first day of April, eighteen hundred
and sixty, have failed to perform the service agree-
able to the terms of his contract, and the rules
and regulations of the Department, and the Post-
master General shall be satisfied from the testi-
mony before him that such failure was occasioned
by the inability of the Department to make pay-
ment to such contractor for service performed
under his contract, growing out of the defeat of
the appropriation bill for the support of the De-
partment for the past year, then the said Post-
master General shall have power by order to re-
lieve and absolve such contractor from all the
disabilities and pecuniary responsibilities which
under the existing laws and regulations would
attach to such failure.
Approjed, June 25, I860,
Chap. CCXIII.—An Act to establish two Indian
Agencies in Nebraska Territory, and one in the
Territory of New Mexico,
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That there be appointed by the Presi-
dent of the United Statevs, by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate, three additional agents
for the Indian service, at an annual salary of fif-
teen hundred dollars each; one for the Indians
in the Territory of New Mexico, one for the
Ponca tribe, and one for the Pawnees in the Ter-
ritory of Nebraska.
Approved, June 25, 1860.
Chap. CCXIV.—An Act to grant to the Parish
of Point (Coupee, Louisiana, certain tracts of
Land in said Parish.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the tracts of land in the parish
of Point Coupee, Louisiana, which have been in
ancient occupancy as the site of a church and
court-house, and which are designated on the
plats of the public surveys as sections twenty-
three and twenty-four, in township four, south,
of range ten, east, in the southeastern district,
Louisiana, be, and the same are hereby, granted
to the said parish of Point Coupee, on the condi-
tion that the aforesaid section twenty-four, or the
church site, shall be held by said parish for the
use of the Catholic congregation now occupying
it for public worship and as a burying-ground;
but not to the prejudice of a valid adverse right,
if such exist.
Approved, June 25, 1860.
PUBLIC RESOLUTIONS.
No. 1.—A Resolution giving the consent of Con-
gress to Captain William B. Shubrick to accept
a Sword presented to him by Captain General
and President Urquiza, of the Argentine Con-
federation.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States qf America in Congress
assembled, That the consentof Congress be granted
to Captain William Branford Shubrick, flag-
officer, late commanding in chief the squadron on
the coast of Brazil and the Paraguay expedition,
to accept a sword presented to him by his Excel-
lency Justo Jose de Urquiza, C«\ptain General and
President of the Argentine Confederation, as a
mark of his appreciation of the " distinguished
character" of that officer; said sword having been
worn by thePresident on the occasion of signing
the new act of confederation of the Argentine
States.
Approved, February 24, 1860.
