1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
927
repose to the country, securing the preservation
of the Constitution and the perpetuity of the Union.
Another of the principles of the Democratic
party, as set forth by its last national convention,
is:
" That the Democratic party will resist all attempts at re-
newing, in Congress or out of it, the agitation ofj^he slavery
question, under whatever shape or color the attempt may be
made."
It is now the policy of the party to prevent all agi-
tation on the subject. And it is the sincere wish of
the great mass of the people of the South to see
this agitation brought to an end. They only wish
to have their constitutional rights respeeted, and
to be let alone. Neither they or the Democratic
party of the nation desire to promote any schemes
of aggression for or against slavery.
The Republicans charge aggression on the De-
mocracy, and on the South; but they know there
is not a word of truth in the charge; and they
only make it to deceive their own people, and give
a pretext for, and plausibility to, their unconsti-
tutional and fanatical crusade against the South,
fearing, doubtless, that unless they can deceive
their own people into such a belief, they cannot
maintain the present dangerous ascendency of
their party.
The Republicans, to sustain this idea of south-
ern aggression, and that the Democratic party is
a southern sectional party, would implicate both
in a purpose to reopen the African slave trade.
And they do this in the face of the above resolution
of the national convention, against the agitation
of the question of slavery in any form, in Con-
gress or out of it; and in the face of the fact that
nine tenths or more of the Representatives of the
southern States, and every northern Democrat on
this floor, are opposed to it; and in the face of
the President's late message, which takes strong
ground against it, and urges increased efforts on
the part of the Government to prevent any un-
lawful continuance of the traffic. Speaking for
myself on this subject, coming, as I do, from an
extreme southern State, I took strong grounds
against this trade in my late canvass, and was
sustained in it by the general sentiment of my
district.
Now, this is a fair statement of the doctrines
of the Democratic party, as far as they relate to
the question of slavery. And this shows that,
with all the apparent fairness of the gentleman
from Connecticut, he has misstated the doctrines
of the party, and argued against fancied evils
which have no real existence. I will read an ex-
tract from his speech, for the purpose of noting
some other errors into which he seems to have
fallen:
" For where, I may ask, did the people, while in their
territuiuU condition, as they must have been while-in the
aci of making their constitution, acquire the power to abol-
ish slavery in their borders? From any inherent right so
to dor This is vehemently denied. From any act ot Con-
grc*? It ist expressly affiimed that Congress can confer no
such power. From the Constitution of the United States?
The answer is an unqualified negative. Whence, then,
does this power come. The gentleman from Texas, [Mr.
IlKAGts,] in his very able bpeech,gives the only answer of
which, upon the Democratic theoiy, the question is sus-
ceptible. The power is a revolutionary one, against all con-
stitutional! laws, all governmental authonty; it comes by
i ovulation The whole Demnciatic teiritorial policy is* thus
reduced toa?VJ«tein not of oidei, but of disorder; not ol
regulated law,'hut of ciiiomc anarchy; not ol peace and
stability, but of ■ revolution.1*
" 5-Suih are the fundamental principles of the Democratic
party, and sueh it*s logical i exults."
Now, there are two capital errors in the portion
of the gentleman's speech here quoted. The first,
in his order of presenting them, is the assumption
that, when a territorial convention, in framing a
constitution preparatory to being admitted as a
State, provides for abolishing slavery^it is the
abolition of slavery by the people of a Territory.
The answer to this is, that such an act does not
take effect while the people remain in their terri-
torial condition; and it is, therefore, not the act
of the people of a Territory receiving its vitality
from them while they remain in that condition,
but it is only the preliminary action of the people,
indicating a thing, not done, but which is to be
done, when, and on the condition that, Congress
gives its consent to their admission into the Union
as a State, and their consequent investiture with
the attributes and sovereignty of a State. It then
becomes the act of a State, through its organic
law; and not the act of a Territory, as such.
Congress can only legitimately inquire, in ex-
amining the constitution of a State applying for
admission into the Union, whether it be republi-
can in form; and cannot reject its application be-
cause its people may have chosen, in the exercise
of their attributes of sovereignty, to disregard
and destroy private rights.
His other great error is in assuming that the
theory which supposes slavery can only be abol-
ished by the authority of State sovereignty, and
private property and vested rights destroyed by
what I call an act of revolution, is the recognition
by the Democratic party of a theory in conflict
with all constitutions and laws and governmental
authority. Now, exactly the reverse of this is the
position of the Democratic party. It respects the
Constitution and its guarantees, and therefore re-
fuses to -violate them by assenting to powers not
delegated, for the purpose of destroying the pri-
vate property and vested rights of citizens. It
respects the authority of States, and therefore will
not attempt to interfere with them for exercising
the attributes of sovereignty, however harshly,
toward their own citizens. And it rightly limits
the power to destroy private property and vested
rights to the original sovereignty of the people—
to their revolutionary right to change, alter, or
abolish their forms of government.
And in this, upon this question, consists the
great difference between it and the Republican
party. That party would violate the Constitution
by the exercise of authority by Congress nowhere
to be found in it, and by a direct disregard of those
of its provisions which guaranty the security of
private property and vested rights. It would vio-
late the principles of law and equit/by denying
to the people of one half the States an equal par-
ticipation with those of the other half in the set-
tlement, occupation, and enjoyment of the Terri-
tories, which are the common property of all; and
it would disregard all governmental authority by
employingtherevolutionary power to destroy pri-
vate property and vested rights as one of the ap-
propriate objects of their creation.
The difference between the gentleman and my-
self is, that he would inaugurate the employment
of the revolutionary power to destroy private prop-
erty and vested rights, as a lawful and constitu-
tional means of accomplishing the Republican
purpose of excluding slavery from the Territories;
while I resist this as"violative of the Constitution,
and insist that this revolutionary power can only
be exercised by a people in their sovereign capa-
city, by virtue of their inherent right to change,
alter, or abolish the existing form of government.
In support of the theory that one of the great
objects of Government is to preserve private prop-
erty and secure vested rights, I refer to the fact
that neither the Federal Government nor the Gov-
ernment of any one of the States of the Union has
omitted to guard them strictly against the power
of the legislative authority. And to omit this in
the constitution of any Government would be to
omit one of the most important safeguards of lib-
erty and one of the strongest bulwarks against
despotism. The struggles between Governments
and people are nearly always between power on
the one side and right on tlie other. And hence
we limit the powers of our Governments by writ-
ten constitutions for our protection m such strug-
gles: and these, if observed, secure our rights
against everything but an appeal to original sov-
ereignty—the government-making power.
Upon the predicate that the Democratic party
maintains that" property in man exists of natural
right," and that it takes all the grounds necessary
to'sustain slavery as right, expedient, and just in
the abstract, the gentleman from Connecticut says:
"If thc*e piinciples be correct, there is no justification
or palliation lor the lJU ;, of the United States against the
Atiiean ^lave tiade.-''
I have already said that the Democratic party
is neither a pro-slavery nor anti-slavery party;
anfl I have tried to .show that it lias taken 110 po-
sition on these abstract questions, and only feel
astonished that the gentleman should assume it
, had done either.
! For myself, (and in this I speak only for my-
! self,) while 1 do not occupy the position the gen-
| tleman would improperly assign the Democratic
j party on these questions, 1 do believe that, whether
I the African slave trade be right or wrong, and
I whether slavery as it exists among us. be u ht or
j wrong in the abstract, the people of the free States
j have nothing to do with it as it exists in the slave
1 States, and have 110 right to interfere with the sub-
ject; and that such an interference on their part,
whether by agitating speeches or attempts at prac-
tical action, is an impertinent, unjust, and unwar-
ranted intermeddling with the affairs of others, in
open disregard of the principles of the Federal
Union; anal believe further, that, as practical
legislators, those who have this institution, and
the consequent right to deal with it, must consider
it and deal with it as they find it, without going
back to inquire whether its origiii was right or
■^rong. We are not charged with the duty of
making a Government and its institutions on a
theory of our own, but with the duty of adminis-
tering a Government and its institutions as we find
them.
I tell the gentleman I do not believe slavery, as
it exists with us, is either a crime or immoral,
whatever its origin may have been; but that I
do believe it would be a crime against reason and
humanity, taking into view the condition of our'
Government and society as we find them, and of
the condition and capacities of the negroes as
they are, to set them free. I believe this because
I believe the four million negroes in bondage in
this country are better fed, better clothed, better
protected from violence and wrong, better in-
formed, more intelligent, and possess more re-
ligious advantages than any other four million
of that race on earth; because I believe them, as
a race, incapable of self-government; because I
believe, under the providence of God, they are
now going through a training which is elevating
them in the scale of humanity, and, at the same
time, aiding the white race to develop a great and
splendid civilization; because I believe, if they
were liberated and Iefthere amongus, they would
fall into such habits of idleness and vice and li-
centiousness as would render it necessary, for the
security of society, to exterminate the greater
portion of the race; because I believe that if we
were to liberate them and send them away in a
body to any other country, and leave them to their
own direction, they would at once sink away into
a state of anarchy and crime, and from that to a
state of heathenish barbarism.
But it is far from folio wing as a matter of course,
because I belieye this, that I should advocate the
reopening of the African slave trade. The slave
trade encourages the tribal wars and the conse-
quent cruelties in Africa, and those who engage
in it are accessories to the crimes it produces. For
this reason I am opposed to it. And then there
are reasons resulting from the policy and interest
of our own country, which I will not now occupy
time to state, which induce me oppose it. We are
responsible for our treatment of the negroes we
find among us. But this does not make it neces-
sary or obligatory on us to extend this respons-
ibility by capturing other3 and bringing them
here.
I will add thus more, that I believe any man
who understands the condition, character, and ca-
pacity of the negroes, and who would advocate the
freeing of them, in view of the consequences which
must necessarily follow it, would commit a crime
against humanity, and be a traitor to his country.
And that any man who madly or foolishly agi-
tates this question, without understanding it, and
without trying to comprehend what must be the
result of his purpose if consummated, is a dem-
agogue who deserves the reprobation and scorn of
all honest men.
But, sir, what shall be said of the man who will
so agitate to violate the Federal Constitution and
dissolve and destroy the Union? Let the blighted
hopes of mankind in the despotisms of the Old
World, now looking to our Republic and longing
i to be free, answer. Let the expiring liberty of
i the millions of free, prosperous, and happy people
! of our own country answer. Let the future sus-
| pension of business, the political commotion, the
! neglect of agriculture, the grass growing in school
I and church-yards, the shutting up of our manu-
'] facturing establishments, the destruction of com-
! mercc, the marshaling of armies, the bloody battle-
! fields of brother against brother, the grief-stricken
! widows and orphans without hope of such as fall
H in these battles, let these answer. Let the glee of
j bloated royalty and hereditary nobility, oyer the
; full of republican equality and American liberty,
1 answer. Let the war of political leaders and mili-
1 tary chieftains, such as is now going on in Mexico,
! with no security for life or property, answer. And
t then let the dark, jnvailed, bitter future bring up
