I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Laws of the United States.
36th Cong.... 1st
tions who is not practically and thoroughly ac-
quainted with their respective trades. It shall be
the duty of the said foremen of printing and bind-
ing to make ou t and deliver to the said Superintend-
ent, monthly statements of the work done in their
respective departments, together with monthly
pay-rolls, which shall contain the names of the
persons employed, the rate of compensation and
amount due to each, and the service for which it
shall be due. They shall also make outestimates
of the amount and kind of materials required,
and file requisitions therefor, from time to time,
as it may be needed, and shall receipt for the
same to the Superintendent. And the said fore-
men shall be held accountable for all materials
so received by them: Provided, That the Super-
intendent shall at no time employ more hands in
the public printing and binding establishment
than the absolute necessities of the public work
may require; and further, that the Superintendent
report to Congress, at the beginning of each ses-
sion of Congress, the number of hands so em-
ployed, and the length of time each has been
employed.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That said Su-
perintendent shall take charge of and be respons-
ible for all manuscripts and other matter to be
printed, engraved, or lithographed, and cause the
same to be promptly executed. And he shall
render to the Secretary of the Treasury, quar-
terly, a full account of all purchases made by him,
and of all printing and binding done in said office
for each of the Houses of Congress, and for each
of the executive and judicial departments. For
the payment of the work and materials, there
shall be advanced to the said Superintendent, from
time to time, as the public service may require it,
and undersuch rules as the Secretary of the Treas-
ury may prescribe, a sum of money, at no time
exceeding two thirds of the penalty of said Su-
perintendent's bond. And the said Superintend-
ent shall settle the account of his receipts and
disbursements in the manner now required of
other disbursing officers: Provided, however, That
said Superintendent shall not be allowed credit at
the Treasury for payments on account of services
rendered m said printing establishment, at higher
prices than those paid for similar services in the
private printing and binding establishments of the
city of Washington.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That it shall
be the duty of the said Superintendent to charge
himself, in a separate book to be kept therefor,
with all paper and other materials received by
him for the public use, and to furnish the same
to the foremen employed by him, on their requi-
sitions, herein provided for, as the public service
may require, taking a receipt in all cases therefor
from the foreman at the head of the department
in which the paper, or other materials, has been
used. !
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That all-the
printing and binding, and all blank books ordered
by the heads of the executive and judicial depart-
ments of the Government, or of the chiefs of the
bureaus thereof, and all the printing and binding,
and all the blank books ordered by Congress, or
by either House of Congress, shall, on and after
the fourth day of March, eighteen hundred and
sixty-one, be done and executed under said Su-
perintendent, ill accoidance with the provisions
of this act: Provided, That all the printing ordered,
and to bo ordered, by the Thirty-Sixth Congress,
shall be executed by the Printers of the Senate
and flouse of Representatives, as now authorized
by law; but no printing or binding other than that
ordered by Congress or the heads of Departments,
as aforesaid, shall be executed in said office.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That it shall
be the duty of said Superintendent to receive from
the Secretary of the Senate and the Clerk of the
House of Representatives, and from the heads of
Departments and chiefs of bureaus, all matter
ordered to be printed and bound, or either printed
or bound at the public expense, and to keep a
faithful account of the same, in the order in which
the same may be received; and when the same
shall have been printed and bound, if the same is
ordered lo lie bound, see that the volumes or sheets
are promptly delivered to the officer of the Sen-
ate, or House of Representatives, or Department,
authorized to receive the same, whose receipt
therefor shall be a sufficient voucher, by the Su-
perintendent, of their delivery.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That the Joint
Committee on Printing for the two Houses of
Congress shall agree and fix upon a standard of
paper for theprinting of congressional documents,
to weigh not less than fifty pounds to the ream of
five hundred sheets, of twenty-four by thirty-eight
inches; and it shall be the duty of the said Super-
intendent of the Public Printing to furnish sam-
ples of said standard paper to applicants therefor,
and to advertise annually, in one or more news-
papers having the largest circulation in the cities
of Boston, New York, Philadelphia, Baltimore,
Cincinnati, Chicago, Washington, Richmond,
Raleigh, Charleston, New Orleans, and Saint
Louis, for the space of sixty days prior to the first
of July, for sealed proposals to furnish the Gov-
ernment of the United States all paper which may
be necessary for the execution of the public print-
ing, of quality and in quantity to be specified in
the said advertisements from year to year. lie
shall open such proposals as may be made in the
presence of the Secretary of the Senate and the
Clerk of the House of Representatives, and shall
award the contract for furnishing all of said paper,
or such class thereof as may be bid for, to the
lowest bidder, for the quality of paper advertised
for by the said Superintendent, and determined
by the joint committee of the two Houses of Con-
gress. It shall be the duty of said Superintendent
to compare the paper furnished by the public con-
tractor with the standard quality; and he shall not
acceptany paper from the contractor which does
not conform to the standard determined upon as
aforesaid. And in case of difference of opinion
between the Superintendent of Public Printing I
and the contractors for paper, with respect to its
quality, the matter of difference shall be determ-
ined and settled by the JointStandmg Committee
on Printing of the two Houses of Congress. In
default of any contractor under this law to com-
ply with his contract in furnishing the paper in
the proper time, and of proper quality, the Super-
intendent is authorized to enter into a new con-
tract with the lowest and best bidder for the in-
terests of the Government amongst those whose
proposals were rejected at the last annual lcttings,
if it be practicable so to do; and if not, then to
advertise for proposals, and award the contract as
hereinbefore provided; and during any interval
which is thus created by the new advertisement
for such proposals, the Superintendent shall pur-
chase in the open market, by and with the ap-
proval of the Secretary of the Interior, all such
paper necessary for the public service, at the low-
est price. For any increase of cost to the Gov-
ernment in procuring a supply of paper for the
use of the Government, the contractor in default
and his securities shall be charged with, and held
responsible for the same,and shall be prosecuted
upon their bond by the Solicitorof theTreasury,
ill the name of the United States, in the circuit
court of the United States, in the district in which
the defaulting contractor resides; and to enable
the Solicitor to do so, the said Superintendent
shall report to him the default on its happening;
with a full statement of all the facts in the case.
The said Superintendent shall keep a just and true
account of all the paper received from the con-
tractor or contractors, together with an account
of all the paper used for the purposes of the Gov-
ernment under this act, and shall report the
amount of each class consumed in said printing
establishment, and in what works orpublications
the same was used, to the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, at the enl of each and every fiscal year.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That when-
ever any charts, maps, diagrams, views, or other
engravings shall be required to illustrate any doc-
ument ordered to be printed by either House of
Congress, such engravings shall be procured by
the Superintendent of Prin ting under the direction
and supervision of the Committee on Printingof
the House ordering the same.
Snc. 9. And be it further enacted, That it shall
be the duty of the said Superintendent annually
to prepare and submit to the Registerofthe Treas-
ury, in time to have the same embraced m the
annual estimates from that Department, detailed
estimates of the salaries, amount to be paid for
wages, engraving, binding, materials, and for any
other necessary expense of said printing'estab-
lishmentfor the second year. And the said Super-
intendent shall also, on the first day of the meet-
ing of each session of Congress, oras soon there-
after as may be, report to Congress the exact
condition of the public printing, binding, and en-
graving; the amount and cost of all such printing,
binding, and engraving; the.amount and cost of
all paper purchased for the same; a statement of
the several bids for materials; and such further
information as may be within his knowledge in
regard to all matters connected therewith.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That neither
the Superintendent nor any other officer to be ap-
pointed under this act shall, during his continir-
ance in office, have any interest, direct or indirect,
in the publication of any newspaper or periodical,
or in any printing of any kind, or in any binding
or engraving, or in any contract for furnishing
paper or other material connected with the public
printing; and any violation of this section shall
subject the party offending, on conviction before
any court of competent jurisdiction, to imprison-
ment in the penitentiary for a term of not less
than one, nor more than five years, and to a fine
of five hundred dollars.
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, That if the
said Superintendent shall corruptly collude with
any person or persons furnishing materials or
bidding therefor, or with any other person or per-
sons, or have any secret understanding with him
or them, by himself, or through others, to defraud
the United States, or by which the Government
of the United States shall be defrauded or made
to sustain a loss, contrary to the true intent and
meaning of this act, he shall, upon conviction
thereof before any court of competent jurisdic-
tion, forfeit his office and be subject to imprison-
ment in the penitentiary for a term of not less than
three, or more than seven years, and to a fine of
three thousand dollars.
I Approved, June 23, 1860.
No. 26.—A Resolution explanatory of the eighth
section of the Act of Congress approved Feb-
ruary twenty-eighth, eighteen hundred and fif-
ty-nine.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the repeal of [by] the eighth sec-
tion of the act of Congress approved the twenty-
eighth day of February, eighteen hundred and
fifty-nine, of so much of the act of Congress en-
titled " An act to regulate trade and intercourse
with Indian tribes, and to preserve peace on the
frontiers,"approved June thirtieth,eighteen hun-
dred and thirty-four, as provides that the United
States shall make indemnification out of the Treas-
ury for property taken or destroyed in certain
cases by Indians trespassing on white men, as
described in said act, slfall not be construed to
destroy or impair any right to indemnity which
existed at the date of said repeal.
Approved, June 25, 1860.
No.
27,—Joint Resolution to reduce the Price of
Public Printing.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the prices established and allowed
for the public printing by the act entitled "An act
to provide for executing the public, printing and
establishing the prices thereof, and for other pur-
poses," approved August twenty-sixth, eighteen
hundred and fifty-two, and by the several acts
! amendatory thereof, that is to say: for composi-
j tion, press-work, folding, stitching, and inserting
j maps and plates, be, and the same are, reduced
. forty per centum; and that, for the purpose of
! giving full force and effect to this resolution, th<?
! Superintendent of the Public Printing is hereby
' authorized and directed to cause the accounts of
j the Public Printer or Printers to be made out and
j tendered to him, as heretofore, under theprovis-
j ions of the act of August twenty-six, eighteen
1 hundred and fifty-two, (except as to the printing
i of the Post Office blanks, which have been ordered
i by law to be put out by contract to the lowest
! bidder;) and before certifying the same to the
1 Treasury for payment, he shall deduct from the
! 1 aggregate amount of each account so rendered the
