928
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 29.
its tales of tyranny, oppression, griefs, ignorance
and woes, and make its answer. Sir, may God in
His mercy open the eyes of the people of tliis coun-
try to what the demagogue politicians are doing,
and give them wisdom to confound and virtue to
scorn them.
But I must not omit to notice briefly a portion
of the speech of the gentleman from Wow York,
[Mr. Fenton.] He also assumes that the Dem-
ocratic party is a sectional, pro-slavery, southern
party; and", among other things, he says the
South now claims that slavery " must travel with
the Constitution into the Territories, and there be
sustained and protected by it." He states this
as if he regarded it as a novel claim. Has it come
to this, that we are to be rebuked for claiming
that the safeguards of the Constitution are coex-
tensive with our national boundaries, and protect
alike every citizen in hie rights of person and prop-
erty in the common Territories?
He then says, " I need not speak of the next
effort to nationalize slavery," and adds:
"The gentleman from Texas, [Mr. Reagan,] a few days
since, with disingenuous boldness, indicated one of the ad-
vance steps the Democratic party will soon take; and I
could, therefoie, claim no credit for the discovery in this
instance. If I understood him correctly, he claimcd that
not even State authority—State sovereignty—can abolish
or impair the right of pioperty in slaves shoit of revolution.
That is, the right to abolish would be a revolutionary right;
that its claim for protection under Federal and State author-
ity rests upon the same right as all other kinds of pioperty.
Indeed, I do not see why this is not a logical sequence from
the premises. Then it is, that slavery may go to New
York, to the home of the Pilgrim fatheis, sweep along the
shores of the great lakes, and daiken the broad prairies of
the West, under the sanction of this vested right of prop-
erty in slaves under the Constitution."
Mr. Chairman, if it be disingenuous to speak
the truth, and speak it sincerely; if it be disingen-
uous to say we have a Constitution, and arc en-
titled to its guarantees; if it be disingenuous to
say we have rights, and ought to demand their
enjoyment and insist on their protection, then,
that gentleman was right ii> characterizing what
I said as disingenuously bold. He, like others
of his party, speaks of our claim for protection to
slave property under the Federal Constitution as if
it were a matter of surprise. I know not what such
language as this, and that which refuses to recog-
nize our right to property in negro slaves, means,
unless those who use it expect to dragoon us, by
their unblushing impudence and arrogance, into
an abandonment of our rights and the adoption of
their sickly sentimentality, as a substitute for
reason and basis for statesmanship. My course
towards others on this floor has entitled me, I
trust, to a less offensive designation of what I say
than " disingenuous." And inasmuch as I sat
by and listened to the whole of the gentleman's
speech respectfully, and no such expression was
then used, he ought not to have put it in his
printed speech.
But I leave this and say a word as to other
points in this extract of his speech. I have said
all I wish to say as to the destruction of private
property, without compensation to the owner and
against his wish, being a revolutionary act. He
produces some confusion, by the singularity of
his expression, in referring to what he supposed
to he my position, that the claim of slavery to
"protection under the Federal and State authority
rests upon the same right as all other kinds of
property." I was not discussing the question as
to any present necessity for legislation to protcct
slave property. Though, of course, the arguments
I have presented to show that neither Congress
or a Territorial Legislature can abolish it in a Ter-
ritory, would, if correct, also show that if any leg-
islation is necessary to its protection it is the duty
of the Territorial Legislature to afford that pro-
tection, and, if it fail to give it then it would be
the duty of Congress to give it. But lam at a loss
to know what he can mean by its protection by
"State authority" in connection with Federal
authority. Slavery is only entitled to protection
under State authority where it exists. It receives
no protection, and needs none, from the Federal
Government m the States. It is entitled to the
protection which all other property receives in the
Territories. And if this is not given when needed,
by the Territorial Legislatures, it ought to be given
by Congress.
But there is one sentence of this extract of the
gentleman's speech which 1 will read again, to
give it conspicuity. It is this:
"Then it is that slavery may go to New Yoik, to the
home of the Pilgrim fathers, sweep along the shores of the
great lanes, and daiken the broad pranies of the West, un-
der the sanction of this vested right of property in slaves
under the Constitution."
When ? When the governments of the States
where it exists protect it within their own borders?
How will this take slavery to New York, inflict
it on the homes of the Pilgrim fathers, and sweep
the great lakes, and darken the western prairies
with it? Again, I ask, when ? When the Terri-
torial Legislature, or Congress, shall give it the
protection to which it may be entitled in the Ter-
ritories? No; not then. For New York is not a
Territory, nor is New England, nor are any of the
States which border on the great lakes, or cover the
northwestern prairies. I have never said that the
Federal Constitution would protect slavery in a
State against its authority. Nor do I suppose"any
man in the Republic has ever assumed any such po-
sition. I have expressly and repeatedly declared,
on former occasions, during this session, that the
people of the States could abolish slavery within
their own jurisdiction, without any infraction of
the Federal Constitution; and that it was a ques-
tion with which the Federal Government had noth-
ing to do in the States. When, then, under any
doctrine I have propounded, can the gentleman's
dreadful catastrophe occur?
As I have spoken of the power of Congress to
protect slavery in the Territories, I must say a
word more to avoid being misunderstood. I have
said Congress has the power, and that circum-
stances may render the exercise of that power
necessary. Butl am not discussing this question
now, and do not wish to be understood as saying
there is any necessity for its exercise at this time.
Slavery is not expectcd to go into Washington or
Nebraska or Kansas Territories; and hence no
laws are necessary for its protection there. It now
exists, to a limited extent, in New Mexico and
Utah. In New Mexico the Territorial Legisla-
ture has passed the necessary laws for its protec-
tion; and m Utah there is no complaint of a want
of additional protection. This covers all our Ter-
ritories, and shows that no legislation is now ne-
cessary on the subject.
In support of the position that the owners of
slaves have a vested right of property in them;
that the Territories are common property, and
slave property is entitled to the same protection in
them as other property, I give the following ex-
tract from the late message of the President of the
United States:
" T cordially congratulate you upon the final settlement
by the Supreme Oouit of the United States ot the question
of slaveiy in the Temtories, winch had predated an aspect
so truly toinndable at the commencement of my adminis-
tration. The right has been established of eveiy citizen to
take his propeityol any kind, including slaves, into the
common Teiritones belonging equally to all ilie States of
the Confederacy, and to have it protected theie under the
Federal Constitution. Neither Congress nor a Territoual
Legislatuie, nor any human powei. has any authonty to
annul ot impair tins vested light. The supreme judicial
tribunal of the countiy. which is a co rdmate bianch of the
Government, has sanctioned and affirmed these punciples
of constitutional law, so manifestly ju&t in themselves, and
so well calculated to piomote peace and haiinony among
the States."
I know that the Republicans habitually affect to
sneer at the opinions uf the President, impugn his
motives, and deride his capacity. The country will
judge with what propriety and justice this is done;
in view of his high character, great intellect, and
unusual endowments; in view of the commanding
position he has occupied before the American
people for the past forty years; first as a Repre-
sentative in Congress of the first mark; then as a
Senator, the associate and peer of such Senators
as Clay, Webster, Calhoun, Wright, and Benton,
and always equal to the most difficult questions
of his times; then as Secretary of State, conduct-
ing the affairs of that office during the splendid
administration of Mr. Polk with consummate
ability; then as Minister to Great Britain, whfcre
his conduct challenged the approval of his own
Government, and commanded the respect of the
first Court of the world; and in view of the fact
j that for his great integrity, great ability, and great
' services he has been chosen President of the Uni-
ted States.
Sir, with such a past, and in view of the fact
that he has, in advance, declined to be a candidate
for reelection; when we reflect that the measure
of his fame will have been completed with his
present term of service; that, under the ordinary
rules of human conduct, he has no motive to be
wrong on any question, but every possible incen-
tive uf duty, of patiiotism, of personal pride and
ambition, to leave behind him an unblemished
history of nurity, patriotism, and statesmanship,
it would seem his opinions ought to be received
with decent respect, and controverted upon their
reasons, oather than met with affected sneers at
their alleged weakness and imputations upon the
purity of his motives. And especially so when
they are founded on, and sustained by, the opin-
ions of the Supreme Court of the United States.
But, sir, who could expect, in coming in conflict
with the doctrines of a party which lives upon
fanaticism and sectionalism, to escape its illiberal
malignity ?
1 have not agreed with the President in all his
views and recommendations; and do not now
agree with him in all of them. But I ran differ
with him in opinion, and at the same time respect
his motives, his wisdom, and his virtues. And
when I find myself differing in opinion with him I
am much more inclined to suspect my own judg-
ment and want of experience, than his states-
manship and purity of purpose. Yet, sir, when
1 find my opinions conforming to those of such a
man, I am willing to trust tliem, and on them to
rejcct the mad schemes of Republicanism.
Chief Justice Taney, in delivering the opinion
of the Supreme Court of the United States in the
Dred Scott case, after demonstrating with such
clearness and precision as to defy doubt, that
persons of the African negro race were not "citi-
zens" of the United States, or "people," in the
sense in which these words are used in the Decla-
ration of Independence, and in the Constitution
of the United States, to describe e(nd regulate the
status, franchises, and duties of citizens of the
United States, goes on to say, speaking of tliem,
that—
" The only two provisions which point to them and in-
clude them, treat tliem as propeity, and make it the duty
oftheGoveinmenttoprotectit; noothei power,in (elation
to this race, is to be lound in the Constitution; and as it is
a Government of special, delegated poweis, no authonty
beyond these two provisions can be constitutionally exer-
cised. The Government of the United States had no right
to interfere for any other purpose nut that ot pi otectmg the
lights of the owneis, leaving u altogether wall the sevetal
States to deal with this race, whecheremaneipated or not,
as each State may think justice, humanity, and the inter-
ests and safety of society require. The States evid< ntly
intended to reserve this powei exclusively to themselves."
In another part of the same opinion he says,
in speaking of the power of the Federal Govern-
ment to acquire and control territory:
" Whatever it acquires, it acquires for the benefit of the
people of the several States who created it. it is their
tiustee acting for them, and charged with the dutv of pio-
moting the interests of the whole people of the Union in.
tlie cxeicise of the powers specially gianteu."
And again, in the s?.me opinion, speaking of the
territory acquired from France, he says:
" But as we have before said, it is acquired by the Gen-
eral Government, as the representative and trustee of the
people of the United States, and it must, therefore, be held
in that character for their common and equal benefit; for it
was the people of the several States, acting through their
agent and representative, the Fedeiat Government, who m
fact acqtmed the territoiy m question, ami the Govern-
ment holds it for their common use until it shall be associ-
ated with the other States as a member of the Union."
And, after showing that the right of the Fed-
eral Government to govern the Territories is u the
inevitable consequence of the right to acquire ter-
ritory;" and that it may exercise its discretion as
to the form of government best suited to the in-
terests of the people of a Territory, he says:
"The territory being a part of the United State", the
Government and the citizens both enter it undei the author-
ity of the Constitution, with their lespeeuve rights defined
and maiked out; and the Federal Government ran ewcue
no power over his person or propeity heyond what tint in-
strument confers, nor lawfully deny any right which ithas
reserved."
As to the assumption of the power by Congress
!i to discriminate between slaves andotherproperty
j! in the Territories; as to the extent of the power of
jj the Federal and Territorial governments over the
j; rights of person and property in the Territories;
|! as an answer to the assumption that there is a
I; difference between slave and other property, and
;} that different rules may be applied to it in ex-
j! pounding the Constitution of the United States,
: | and as a distinct affirmation of the doeti mc ot the
\ right of property in slaves, I will read the follow-
, ing extended extract from the same opinion, and,
j! without reference to the exalted character of the
tribunal which pronounced the opinion, will rest
