APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 11,
36th Cons.... 1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
sum of forty per centum, and the residue shall be
^received by the Public Printer or Printers as full
compensation for the work stated in said account.
This resolution shall take effect from the passage
• thereof.
Approved, June 25, 18G0.
PRIVATE ACTS.
Chap. IV.—An Act for the Relief of William E.
Herrick.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be
directed to place the name of William B. Herrick,
late a surgeon in the first regiment of Illinois vol-
unteers, on the pension roll at the rate of thirty
dollars per month, to commence on the fourteenth
day of May, eighteen hundred and fifty-eight, and
to continue during his "life.
Approved, March 8,1860.
Chap. VI.—An Act for the Relief of the legal
Representative of Charles Pearson, deceased.
Be if enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That there shall be paid to the legal
representative of Charles Pearson, late of Con-
cord, in the State of New Hampshire, deceased,
the sum of one hundred and forty dollars, out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, it being the amount of money paid into
the United States Patent Office by the said Pear-
son, whilst he was laboring under a state of
insanity.
Approved, March 19, 1860.
Chap XII.—An Act for the Relief of Mary E.
Castor.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior he,
and he is hereby, directed and authorized to place
the name of Mary E. Castor, widow of First
Lieutenant Thomas F. Castor, late of the United
States Army, on the pension roll, at the rate of
twenty-six dollars sixty-six and one half cents
per month, from the ninth day of December, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-nine, for and during her
life or widowhood.
Approved, April 3, 1860.
Chap. XIV.—An Act for the Relief of Elizabeth
M. Cocke, widow of Major James H. Cocke,
late Marshal of the District of Texas.
Whereas the United States, on the twenty-ninth
day of April, eighteen hundred and fifty-seven,
recovered judgment against Elizabeth M. Cocke,
administratrix of Jame^H. Cocke, late marshal,
and his sureties, before the district court for the
eastern district of Texas, for the sum of two thou-
sand forty-one dollars and ninety-three cents,
and it being made to appear that it would be just
and equitable that the collection of the said judg-
ment should net at this time be enforced: There-
fore,
Be U enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the Vnited States of Americain Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and hereby is, authorized to stay the issuance of
execution on said judgment for such time as, in
his opinion, will enable said administratrix to
prosecute to final judgment a suit against Henry
B. Martin, deputy marshal of said James H.
Cocke, who received and embezzled the money
for which said judgment in favor of the United
States umussaid Elizabeth M. Cocke, adminis-
tratrix as aforesaid, was rendered: Provided,how-
ever, That before such stay of execution shall be
granted, the securities of said James H. Cocke
shall enter their consent thereto oil the records of
the court in which said judgment was rendered.
Approved, April 6, 1860.
Chap. XV.—An Act for the Relief of the legal
Representatives of Robert H.Morris, late Post-
master of the City of New York.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Auditor of the Treasury for
the Post Office Department be authorized and di-
rected to readjust and audit the account of Robert
H. Morris, late postmaster of the city of New
York, from May twenty-sixth, eighteen hundred
and forty-five, to June thirtieth, eighteen hundred
and forty-six, and to allow in said account all
sums of money paid out by said Morris for de-
fraying the expenses of said office within said
period, including the amount paid on account of
the city dispatch office: Provided, That, in the
opinion of the Postmaster General, such expenses
were properly incurred and were necessary for
the business of said office. And, in addition
thereto, the said Auditor shall also allow, for the
same period, such sum as would make the com-
pensation of said Morris equal to the sum of two
thousand dollars per annum, as provided for by
the act of eighteen hundred and twenty-five; and
that said several sums, so found to be due, shall
be paid to the executrix or other legal represent-
ative of said Morris, out of any money appropri-
ated for the Post Office Department.
Approved, April 6, 1860.
Chap. XVI.—An Act for the Relief of the Amer-
ican Board of Commissioners for Foreign Mis-
sions.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the American Board of Commis-
sioners for Foreign Missions be, and it hereby is,
released from the obligation imposed on it by the
fourth article of the treaty made between the Uni-
ted States and the nation of the Cherokee Indians,
at New Echota, on the twenty-ninth day of De-
cember, eighteen hundred and thirty-five, which
provides that the money allowed for the appraised
value of the Union and Harmony Mission reser-
vations should be expended in schools among the
Osages, and improving their condition: Upon the
terms, however, and provided, That the said board
shall expend the said money for the same pur-
poses, among other tribes not provided adequately
with schools, or means of improving their condi-
tion, which may seem proper in the judgment of
the American Board of Commissioners for For-
eign Missions, with the approval of the Secretary
of the Interior.
Approved, April 11, 1860.
Chap. XVII.—An Act for the Relief ofThomas
Pillebrown.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he hereby is, directed, out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to pay
to Thomas Fillebrown, the sum of four hundred
and thirty dollars, m full for salary as secretary
of the Board of Commissioners of the Navy
Hospital Fund, from February seventh to May
sixteenth, anno Domini eighteen hundred and
twenty-seven, and for commissions on the dis-
bursement of said fund between the years eighteen
hundred and twenty-five and eighteen hundred
and twenty-nine.
Approved, April 11, 1860.
assembled, Thatthe Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he hereby is, directed, out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to pay
to William Gfeiger, in full for all claims against
the United States, by virtue of his contract made
on the eighteenth day of October, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-four, at Fort Smith City, with Cap-
tain French, for lime, stone, and mason work,
for and on the barrack at Fort Washita, in the
Cherokee nation, the sum of four thousand and
ten dollars and sixty-two cents.
Approved, April 11, 1860.
Chap. XX.—An Act for the Relief of Micajah
Hawkes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congi ess
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he is hereby, directed and required to place
the name of Micajah Hawkes, of Eastport, in the
State of Maine, on the roll of invalid pensioners,
and to cause him to be paid a pension, at the rate
of fifteen dollars per month, being half of his pay
proper, to commence with the first day of Jan-
uary, anno Domini one thousand eight hundred
and fifty-nine, and to continue during his natural
life.
Approved, April 11, 1860.
CHAr. XXI.—An Act for the Relief of Alice Hunt,
widow of Thomas Hunt.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he is hereby, directed to place the name of
Alice Hunt, widow of Captain Thomas Hunt,
on the pension roll, and to pay her, at the rate of
thirty-five dollars per month, from the fifth day
of January, eighteen hundred and sixty, for life
or widowhood.
Approved, April 11, 1860.
Chap. XXII.—An Act for the Relief of Moses
Noble.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
1 directed, out of any money in the Treasury not
. otherwise appropriated, to pay to Moses Noble,
I agent for the brig Good Hope, and the schooners
| Delta, Jasper, Sardine, Five Sisters, Common-
| wealth, and Two Brothers, for the benefit of the
j persons entitled thereto, the sum of one thousand
i seven hvfndred and four dollars and sixty-eight
; cents,the same being for fishingbounties to which
1 said vessels became entitled in the fishing season
!-of the year eighteen hundred and fifty-two.
j Approved, April 11, I860.,
Chap. XVIII.—An Act for the Relief of Lydia
Frazee, widow and administratrix of John
Frazee, late of the City of New York.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled. That the Secretary of the Tresury be,
and he hereby is, directed, out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to pay
ta Lydia Frazee, widow and administratrix of
John Frazee, late of the city of New York, the
sum of two thousand eight hundred and sixty-
eight dollars; being in full for the services of the
said John Frazee, as architect and superintendent
of the New York custom-house, from the third
day of March, anno Domini eighteen hundred
and forty-one, to the twenty-first day of May,
anno Domini eighteen hundred and forty-two.
Approved, April 11, 1860.
Chap. XIX.—An Act for the Relief of William
Geiger.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
! Chap. XXIII.—An Act for the Relief of the legal
Representatives of Charles Porte rfield, deceased.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he is hereby, authorized and required to issue
■ to William Kinney and Thomas J. Michie, exec-
| utors of the last will and testament of Robert
| Porterfield,deceased, a number of warrants, equal
! to six thousand one hundred and thirty-three
j acres of land, according to the usual subdivisions
' of the public surveys, in quantities not less than
forty acres; to be by them located on any of the
public lands which have been or may be sur-
veyed, and which have not been otherwise appro-
priated at the time of such location, within any
of the States or Territories of the United States
where the minimum price for the same shall not
exceed the sum of one dollar and twenty-five
cents per acre; to be selected and located in con-
formity v/ith the legal subdivisions of such sur-
veys, and appropriated according to the directions
contained in the last will and testament of the
said Robert Porterfield. deceased, in the same
manner and for the purposes directed in regard
to the lands which were lost by the said legal
representatives m the action with Clark and
others, as decided by the Supreme Court of the
United States.
Approved, April 11,1860.
