I860.]-
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
Laws of Hie United States.
36th Cong....1st S:
Chap. XXIV.—An Act for the Relief of Gharner
T. Scaife, administratox^of Gilbert Stalker.
Be it enacted bxj the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he hereby is, directed, out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to pay
to Charner T. Scaife, administrator of Gilbert
Stalker,deceased, live thousand six hundred and
forty-five dollars and sixteen cents in full,forthe
use and service of the steamboat Jamos Adams,
belonging to said Stalker, from the first day of
August, eighteen hundred and forty-one, to the
ninth day of July, eighteen hundred and forty-
two.
Approved, April 11, 1860.
Chap. XXV.—An Act for the Relief of Kate D.
Taylor, widow of the late Brevet Captain Oli-
ver H. P. Taylor.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he is hereby, directed to place the name of
Kate D. Taylor, widow of the late Brevet Cap-
tain Oliver H. P. Taylor, on the pension roll, at
the rate of thirty-five dollars per month, from the
seventeenth day of May, eighteen hundred and
fifty-eight, for during life or widowhood, deduct-
ing the amount received through the office of the
Third Auditor of the Treasury, at the rate of
twenty-six dollars sixty-six and one half cents
per month, under the fifteenth section of the act
of sixteenth day of March, eighteen hundred and
two.
Approved, April 11, 1860.
one thousand dollars, for losses sustained by him
in consequence of his appointment to a consu-
late, which was abolished by the Spanish Gov-
ernment while he was on his way to take charge
of the same.
Approved, April 14, 1860.
Chap. XXXII.—An Act for the Relief of Ange-
lina C. Bowman, widow of Francis L. Bow-
man, late Captain in United States Army.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior is
hereby authorized and directed to place the name
of Mrs. Agelma C. Bowman widow of the late
Captain Francis L. Bowman of the ninth regi-
ment of United States infantry, upon the pension
roll, and to pay her at the rate of thirty dollars
per month, from the thirteenth day of January,
eighteen hundred and fifty-nine, to continue for
life.
Approved, April 19, 1860.
Chap. XXVI.—An Act for the Relief of Mariano
G. Vallejo.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of ike United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he hereby is, directed, out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to pay
to Mariano G. Vallejo, in fall for the occupation
by the troops of the United States of a building
on the square of Sonoma, m California, from May
thirtieth, eighteen hundred and forty-eight, to
August, eighteen hundred and fifty-three, the sum
of eight thousand and eight hundred dollars.
Approved, April 11, 1860.
Chap. XXVIII—An Actfor the Relief of Francis
Huttmann.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives oj the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, authorized and directed to ad-
just the claim of Francis Huttmann for return of
tonnage and light duties illegally exacted and paid
by him on Peruvian, Danish, and German ves-
sels at the port of San Francisco, California,and
to pay him the amount due, with interest, at the
rate of six per centum per annum, from the date
of the exaction of said ditties: Provided, That the
amount so paid shall not exceed nine hundred
dollars.
Approaed, April 13, 1860.
Ciiap. XXIX.—An Act for the Relief of Charles
Knap.
Be it cnactcd by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of Ike Unittd States <if America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretin y of the Treasury be,
and lie is hereby, authorized to make such mod-
ifications, in the contract now in force with Charles
Knap, for lurnishmg mateiial for the custom-
house building at New Orleans, as, in his opin-
ion, the principles of justice may seem to de-
mand.
Approved, April 13, 1860.
Chap. XXX.—An Act for the Relief of Tench
Tilghman.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives oj (he United States of America in Cong-res1;
assembled. That the Secretary of the Ireasuiybe,
and ho is hereby. authorized and directed to pay-
to Tench Tilglimnn, out of any moneys in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the sum of
Chap. XXXIII.—An Act for the Relief of the
Heirs and legal Representatives of of Mark
JSlisha.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the claim of Mark Elisha for four
hundred arpents, entered under number three hun-
dred and sixty-five, (register's number, one hun-
dred and twenty-six) in the seventh class of the
report, dated December thirty, eighteen hundred
and fifteen, of the register and receiver at Ope-
lousas, Louisiana, be, and the same is hereby,
confirmed, the said claim not being yet surveyed,
but reported as embracing parts of lots numbers
three and four, and south of sections twenty-
one and twenty-eight, lot number six of section
twenty-seven, and lot number one of section
twenty-nine in township two north, of range four
east, southwestern land district of Louisiana; and
it shall be the duly of the surveyor general of
Louisiana, to survey said claim, and represent
i the same on the official plats: Provided, That this
1 act shall only be considered as a relinquishment
on the part of the United States and not to inter-
fere with any adverse valid rights to the same
land.
Approved, April 19, 1860.
Chap. XXXIV.—An Act authorizing the Courts
| to adjudicate the Claim of the legal Represent-
] ative's of the Sieur de Bonne and of the Chcv-
| alier de Repentigny to certain Lands at the
Sault Ste. Marie, in the State of Michigan.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the legal repiesentaU\es ot the
Sieur de Bonne and of the Chevalier de Repen-
ti«-ny be, and they are hereby, authorized to pre-
sent their petition to the United States district
court for the district of Michigan, setting forth
the nature of their claim to certain land at the
Sault Ste. Marie, in the State of Michigan, under
an alleged grant, m seventeen hundred and fifty,
from the governor and lieutenant-general and
from the mtendant-general of New France, now
Canada, with evidence in support of their claim,
stating the names, as near as may be, of all per-
sons claiming adversely, and praying that the
validity of the title may be inquired into and de-
cided underthe laws of nations, the laws, usages,
,, and customs of the country from which the same
!i was derived, and the treaties and laws of the Uni-
ted States; and the said court is hereby author-
ized to examine the same, and, in adjudicating the
question of the validity of the title as against the
United States, to be governed by the laws of na-
tions and of tile country from which the title
was derived, and also by the principles, so far as
they are applicable, which are lecogmzed in the
act "of Congress approved the twenty-sixth May,
eighteen hundred and twenty-four, '' enabling
the claimants to lands within the limits of the
State of Missouri and Territory of Arkansas to
institute proceedings to try the validity of the
same;" and the district attorney is hereby directed
to proceed, in defense of the interests of the uni-
ted States in all things, as required and directed
by the aforesaid act of twenty-sixth May, eigh-
teen hundred and twenty-four: Provided, That
suit shall be instituted by the claimants within
two years from the passage of this act, and that
an appeal may be taken, either by the claimants
or the United States, to the Supreme Court of the
United States -within one year from the date of the
rendition of the decree of the district court afore-
said.
Sec 2. And be it further enacted, That in the
case of a final decision under this act against the
validity of the said claim, or in case of the failure
of claimants to prosecute it within the period speci-
fied, the said claim shall be held forever barred,
both in law and equity; but in the case of a final
decree in favor of the validity of the grant, it shall
not be construed to affect or in any way impair
any adverse sales, claims, or other rights which
have been recognized by the United States within
the limits of the said claim, or which, under any
law of the United States, may have heretofore
been brought to the notice of the land commis- "
sioners or of the land officers in Michigan, or any
of the land granted to the State of Michigan, or
occupied by it, for the Sault Ste. Marie canal, its
tow-path and appurtenances, but for the area of
any such adverse claims the legal representatives
of the said De Bonne and Repentigny shall receive
from the Commissioner of the General Land Office
warrants authorizingthem ortheirassigns to enter
any other lands belonging to the United States,
and subject to entry at private sale at one dollar
and twenty-five cents per acre, which warrants
shall be for sections or legal subdivisions of sec-
tions, at the option of the parties entitled to receive
them.
Approved, April 19, 1860.
Chap. XXXVI.—An Act for the Relief of Stew-
art McGowan.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in'Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he is hereby, authorized and directed to place
the name of Stewart McGowan on the roll of
invalid pensioners, and cause him to be paid the
sum of twenty dollars per month, to commence
from and after the first day of January, one thou-
sand eight hundred and fifty-nine, and to continue
during his natural life.
Approved, May 3, 1860.
Chap. XXXVIII.—An Act for the Relief of Mrs.
Anne M. Smith, widow of the late Brevet Major
General Persifur F. Smith, Mrs. Harriet B.
Macomb, widow of Major General Alexander
Macomb, and Mrs. Arabella Reily, widow of
Brevet Major General Rennet ReHy.
Be it enacted bij the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
psscmbled, That the Secretary of the Interior be
directed to place the name of Mrs. Anne M.Smith,
widow of the late Brevet Major General Persifor
F. Smith, on the pension roll, at the rate of fifty
dollars per month, from the seventeenth day of
May, eighteen hundred and fifty-eight, for and
during her natural life. And that the Secretary
of the Interior be directed to place the name of
Mrs. Harriet B. Macomb, widow of Major Gen-
eral Alexander Macomb, deceased, late command-
ing general of the Army, upon the roll of pension-
ers, and pay her a pension at the rate of fifty
dollars per month from the date of the approval
of this act. And also that the Secretary of the
j Interior bo directed to place the name of Mrs.
| Arabella Reily, widow of Brevet Major General
i Bennet Reiiy", deceased, late of the Army, upon
I the roll of pensioners, and pay her a pension at
! the rate of fifty dollars per month from the date
I of the approval of this act.
I Approved, May 7, 1860.
Chap. XLI.—An Act for the Relief of A. M.
Mitchell, late Colonel of Ohio Volunteers in the
Mexican War.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of "War be. and he
is hereby, authorized and directed to pay, out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
| priated, to A. M. Mitchell, colonel first regiment
1 of Ohio volunteers in the late war with Mexico,
