I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
5W
Laws of the United States.
36th Gong.... 1st Sess.
and he is hereby, required to pay to Jeremiah
Pendergast, oat of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated, one hundred and thir-
ty-nine dollars and ninety-one cents, being the
difference of pay allowed him as a watchman on
the construction of the Patent Office extension
and that allowed to other watchmen.
Appr®ed, June 1, 1860. .
Chap. LXIX.—An Act for the Relief of Mrs.
Agatha O'Brien, widow of Brevet Major J. P.
J. O'Brien, late of the United States Army.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Home of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, authorized and directed to pay,
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, to Mrs. Agatha O'Brien, widow of
Brevet Major J. P. J. O'Brien, such sums of
money as may be found due to her late husband,
as captain of artillery, from the thirty-first day of
December, 1849, when he was last paid, to the
thirty-first day of March, eighteen hundred and
fifty, the day of his death, and that his accounts
on the books of the Treasury be balanced.
Approved, June 1, 1860.
Chap. LXX.—An Act for the Relief of the legal
representatives of "VVetonsaw, son of James
Conner.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Jlmericain Congress
assembled, That there be paid to the legal repre-
sentatives of Wetonsaw, son of James Conner,
the sum of four hundred dollars, in full of the
amount secured to said Wetonsaw, in schedule B
of the treaty of January fourteenth, eighteen hun-
dred and thirty-seven, with the Saginaw Chippewa
Indians, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated.
Approved, June 1, 1860.
Chap. LXXI.—An Art to grant the right of pre-
emption to a certain Tract of Land, in the State
of Missouri, to the heirs and legal representa-
tives of Thomas Maddin, deceased.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Jlmericain Congress
assembled, That the heirs and legal representa-
tives of Thomas Maddin, deceased, late of the
State of Missouri, be, and they are hereby, au-
thorized toenterand purchase, at the priceofone
dollar and twenty-five cents per acre, a tract of
la nd containing eight hundred arpents, or six hun-
dred and eighty acres and fifty-six hundredths,
surveyed for the said Thomas Maddin, in his own
right, as per patent certificate of survey number
eighteen hundred and thirty-one, reported to the
General Land Office by Surveyor General Lang-
ham as having been surveyed on the sixteenth
day of March, eighteen hundred and eighteen,
aii3 situated on the waters of Joachim Creek, i.i
township forty-one north, of range five east, of
the fifth principal meridian, in the county of Jef-
ferson and State of Missouri.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office be, and he
is hereby, authorized and directed, upon the entry
and payment aforesaid, to cause a patent, in due
form of law, to bo issued to the said heirs and
legal representatives of.the said Thomas Maddin,
deceased, in conformity with the description given
in patent certificate number ninety-two. as issued
by Frederick Bates, then recorder in the office of
recorder of land titles in Saint Louis, in the said
State of Missouri, bearing date, at his said office,
the first day of .November, eighteen hundred and
twenty-two, in which said certificate reference is
made to the said tract of land as having been con-
firmed to the said Thonias Maddin, pursuant to
the acts of Congress respecting claims to lands in
the Territories of Orleans and Louisiana, and the
Territory of Missouri, and as having been regu-
laily surveyed on the sixteenth day of March,
eighteen hundred and eighteen, and designated on
the connected plat of United States surveys, m
tile surveyor general's office at Saintjxtuis, Alts-
souri,as numbereighteen hundred and thirty-one,
and in which said patent certificate number ninety-
two it is certified that the said Thomas Maddin is
entitled to receive a patent for the said tract of
land, according to the said patent certificate of
survey, as aforesaid, number eighteen hundred
and thirty-one: Provided,however, That the right
of preemption and purchase herein granted shall
cease at the end of two years from the date of the
passage of this act, and that the right and title of
the United States in and to said land shall not be
affected nor impaired by virtue of any of the pro-
visionsof this act in theeventof the failure of the
said heirs and legal representatives of Thomas
Maddin to avail themselves of said right of pre-
emption and purchase within the said period of
two years.
Approved, June 1, 1860.
Chap. LXXII.—An Act for the relief of William
P. Bowhay.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the sum of eight hundred dollars
be, and the same is hereby, allowed to William
P. Bowhay, for injuries received by him whilst
employed by the United States on board the frigate
Congress, and which rendered him a cripple for
life; the same to be paid out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Approved, June 1, 1860.
Chap. LXXIIL—An Act for the Relief of Mary
J. Maddux.
Be it enacted by the Senate ami House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States ofJlmerice in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he is hereby, directed to place the name of
Mrs. Mary J. Maddux, widow of Edward C.
Maddux, of Kentucky, upon the pension roll, at
the rate of eight dollars per month, commencing
on the twenty-first day of May, one thousand
eight hundred and fifty-eight.
Approved, June 1, 1880.
Chap. LXXIV.—An Act for the Relief of Mrs.
Jane M. McCrabb, widow of the late Captain
John W. McCrabb, Assistant Quartermaster
United States Army.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the sum of five thousand two
hundred and ninety-three dollars and mnety-six
cents be paid to Mrs. Jane M. McCrabb, as ad-
ministratrix of John W. McCrabb, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated, the same being allowance of commissions
for disbursements of special appropriations by
her late husband, Captain John W. McCrabb,
prior to the thirtieth of September, one thousand
eight hundred and thirty-eight; and that in the
settlement of the accounts of said John W. Mc-
Crabb, the above amount is credited as of the
date of its first charge.
Approved, June 1, 1860.
Chap. LXXV.—An Act for the Relief of Wendell
Trout.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled,' That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and hereby is, directed to issue to Wendell Trout,
of Franklin county, Kentucky, a warrant for one
hundred and sixty acres ofland for services ren-
dered by him as a teamster in the military service
of the United States in the Indian wars of seven-
teen hundied and ninety-three and seventeen
hundred and ninety-four.
Approved, June 1, 1860.
Chap. LXXVI.—An Act for the Relief of Brax-
ton Bragg and Randall L. Gibson.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House ef Repre-
sentatives of the United Stales of Jhneriea in Congress
assembled. That Braxton Bragg and Randall L.
Gibson be, and they are hereby, confirmed in
their claim to the portion of the trcict of land
I i known and designated in the surveys of the Xjiu-
; ted States f>>r thesoutheastcrn districtof Louisiana
1 as section or lot number twenty-seven, of town-
ship fourteen south, in range sixteen east, (west
of the river Mississippi,) which they are now
respectively in possession of, under title derived
from Domingo JEsteve or his heirs, and that a
patent shall issue therefor, as in ordinary cases.
Approved, June I, 1860.
Chap. LXXVIII.—An Act to grant a Pension to
Mary I. Harris, widow of Colonel Thomas L.
Harris, deceased.
Be il enacted by the Senate and I/cuse of liejire-
sentatives of the United States of Jlmericain Congress
assembled, That the proper officer of the Govern-
ment be, and he is hereby, directed to place'the
name of Mary I. Harris, widow of Colonel
Thomas L. Harris, deceased, on the pension roll,
and that said Mary I. Harris shall receive a pen-
sion for life, equal to the half pay of a major of
infantry in the Mexican war; said pension shall
commence to run from the first day of January,
anno Domini eighteen hundred and fifty-nine.
Approved, June 5, 1860.
Chap. LXXX.—An Act for the Relief of M. C.
Gritzner.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Jlmericain Congress
assembled, That there be,and there is hereby,ap-
propriated the sum of three hundred and seventy-
nine dollars and seventy-seven cents, to be paid
to M. C. Gritzner, out of the patent fund for
compensation and damages on account of the
rescinding by the Governmentof a contraetmade
with the Commissioner of Patents, on the thirtieth
day ofMarch, eighteen hundred and fifty-seven,
for the execution of descriptions and illustrations
of the Patent Office Report for that year, before
the work was completed; and that the abovesum,
if received by the said Gritzner, shall be in full
satisfaction for his claim under said contract.
Approved, June 7, 1860.
Chap. LXXXI.—An Act for the Relief of John
Scott, Hill W. House, and Samuel O. House.
Be il enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That John ScotJ, principal, and Hill
W. House and Samuel O. House, sureties, be,
and they arc hereby, released from a judgment
recovered against them by the United States, on
the fourth day of April, eighteen hundred and
fifty-five, in the district court for the northern
district of Florida, upon a contract awarded to
said John Scott, for carrying the mail upon route
number three thousand five hundred and three,
from New Orleans to Key West, from the fif-
teenth day of January, eighteen hundred and
fifty-three, to the thirtieth day of June, eighteen
hundred and fifty-five.
Approved, June 7, 1860.
Chap. LXXXII.—An Act for the Relief of the
surviving grandchildren of Colonel William
Thompson, of the revolutionary army of South
Carolina.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Amerieain Congress
assembled, That there be paid, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to
William E. Haskell, Charles T. Haskell, Char-
lotte Rhctt, widow of James S. Rhett, Mary E.
Darby, widow of A. B. Darby, Caroline Lewis,
widow of Dr. John B. Lewis, Charlotte A. Good-
win, wife of Robert H. Goodwin, the grand-
children and heirs of William Thompson, who
was a colonel of the third regiment of South
Carolina mounted continental troops during the
, revolutionary war, the sum of seven thousand
| three hundre'd and eighty-eight dollars and eigh ty-
! two cents, being the half pay for life, to which
I then ancestor, the said William Thompson was
|! entitled under the resolutions of Congress for his
!{ services as colonel as aforesaid, throughout the
11 war of the Revolution, the said Colonel William
! Thompson having elected not to fake the com-
: mutation of five years' full pay.
i! Sec.2. Andbe it further enacted, That the Com-
1 missioner of Pensions be authorized and required
'! to issue in the names of" the aforesaid grandchil-
dren of Colonel William Thompson a warrant
■ for such an amount of bounty land as was -pro-
vided for a colonel under the resolve of Congress
