810
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 9;
36tii Cong.... 1st
Laws of the United States.
of September sixteenth, seventeen hundred and
seventy-six..
Approved, June 7, 1860.
Chap. LXXXIII.—An Act for the Relief of John
W. Taylor certain other assignees of prcemp-
. Jtion.sland locations.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That all assignments of preemption
bounty land warrant locations at any of the
land offices in the United States, made in good
faith since the nineteenth day of October, eighteen
hundred and fifty-two, and prior to the twenty-
first of May, eighteen hundred and fifty-six, un-
der instructions from the Commissioner of the
General Land Office of the former date, be, and
the same are hereby, declared valid; and the Sec-
retary of the Interior is hereby authorized to
cause patents to be issued iu the name of the as-
signee on all such locations as now remain sus-
pended and have not been patented.
Approved, June 7, 1860.
Chap. LXXXYI.—An Act for the Relief of
Samuel J. Hensley.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That there shall be paid to Samuel J.
Hensley, ninety-six thousand three hundred and
seventy-five dollars for twelve hundred and eigh-
ty-five head of cattle by him actually delivered,
in May, eighteen hundred and fifty-two, to the
agents of the United States, for the use of the
Indians in California, as found by the Court of
Claims.
Approved, June 9, 1860.
Chap. LXXXVII.—An Act for the Relief of
Charles James Lanman.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America m Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury
be, and he is hereby, authorized and directed to
pay to Charles James Lanman,outof any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the
sum of two thousand five hundred and severity-
eight dollars and eighty-one cents, in full for his
services and expenses while acting- as a receiver
of the United States land office at Monroe, Mich-
igan, from eighteen hundred and twenty-three to
eighteen eighteen hundred and thirty-one.
Approved, June 9, 1860.
and he is hereby, directed to pay to the child or
children and heirs-at-law of Alexander Montgom-
ery, late a private in the revolutionary war, the
amount due said Montgomery under a pension
certificate issued by the Pension Office to said
Montgomery, which has not been paid to said
child or children, or heirs-at-law, by reason of the
death of said Montgomery a short time before
the issue of said certificate.
Approved, June 9, 1860.
Chap. XCI.—An Act for the Relief of John
Dixon.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he is hereby, directed to issue a bounty land
warrant for one hundred and sixty acrcs to John
Dixon, of Dixon's Ferry, in the State of Illinois,
for services rendered in the Black Hawk war.
Approved, June 9, 1860.
Chap. XCII.—An Act for the Relief of Beda
Hayes, widow of Dudley Hayes, of Granby,
Hartford county, Connecticut.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be
directed to place the name of Beda Hayes, widow
of Dudley Hayes, of Granby, Hartford county,
Connecticut, on the pension roll, at the rate of
sixty dollars per annum, to commence from the
first of January, eighteen hundred and sixty, and
to continue during her natural life.
Approved, June 9, 1860.
vided, That the moneys herein appropriated shall
be paid to the said Gaudalupe Kstudiilo de Ar-
guello, in person, or to her heirs.
Approved, June 9, I860.
Chap. XCIII.—An Act for the Relief of Webster
S. Steele.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives cf the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be
authorized and directed to place the name of Web-
ster S. Steele, of Illinois, on the list of invalid
pensioners, at the rate of eight dollars a month,
commencing on the fourth day of December,
eighteen hundred and fifty-seven, to continue
during his lifetime.
Approved, June 9,1860.
Chap. LXXXVI11.—An Act far the Relief of
Andrew £. Marshall.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress •
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be, '
and he is hereby, directed to place the name of
Andrew E. Maishall, of Pennsylvania, who was
a private soldier m the Mexican war, upon the
pension roll, at the rate of eight dollars per month,
to commence from and after tlx- passage of this
act.
Approved, Juno 9, i860.
Chap. XCIV.—An Act granting an Invalid Pen-
sion to Nathan Randall.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he is hereby, authorized and directed to place
the name of Nathan Randall, of the State of New
"iork, on the invalid pension roll, at the rate of
eight dollars per month, and to pay him at that
rate from the twelfth day of Januaiy, eighteen
hundred and fifty-eight, during his natural life.
Approved, June 9, 1660.
Chap. XCVII.—An Act for the Relief of the
widow and other heirs of William Higgins,
deceased.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he is hereby, authorized and directed to can-
cel bounty land warrant number thirty-one thou-
sand four hundred and seventy-four, issued on
the tenth day of July, eighteen hundred and fifty-
six, to William Higjjinson, for services rendered
as a seaman m the United States Navy during
the war with Mexico, and to reissue the same to
William Higgins, the real party for whom the
bounty was intended.
Approved, June 9, 1860.
Chap. XC V'ill.—An Act for the Relief of Israel
Johnson.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Stales of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury
pay to Israel Johnson, of Cass county, Indiana,
out of any moneys in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, the sum of five hundred and
seventy dollars.
Approved, June 9, 1860.
Chap. XCIX.—An Act for the Relief of Shade
Calloway.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the proper accounting officers al-
low and pay out of the Treasury to Shade Cal-
loway the sum of one thousand three hundred
and fifty dollars, for work done by him on the
Tennessee river, under his contract with Brevet
Lieutenant Colonel J. McClelland, dated the six-
teenth of September, eighteen hundred and fifty-
| three, according to the account approved and cer-
i tified by the agent placed in charge of said work
; at the death of the said officer.
: Approved, June 9, 1860.
Chap. LXXXIX.—An Act granting a Pension
to Adelaide Adams, widow of Commander
George Adams, United States Navy.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he is hereby, authorized and directed to place
the name of Adelaide Adams, widow of the late
Commander George Adams, of the United States
Piavy, on the pension roll, at the rate of thirty
dollars per month, and pay her a pension at that
rate from the ninth day of June, anno Domini
eighteen hundred and fifty-eight, and continue
during her widowhood.
Approved, June 9, I860.
Chap. XC.—An Act for the Relief of the chil-
dien and heirs of Alexander Montgomery.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, Thatthe Secretary of the Interior be,
Chap. XCV.—An Act granting a Pension to
Major John P. Hunter.
Be it enacted hy the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he is hereby, authorized and directed to place
the name of John F. Hunter on the list of invalid
pensioners, and pay him a pension, at the rate of
thirty dollars per month, from the twenty-seventh
day of January, anno Domini eighteen hundred
and fifty-eight, and continue during his natural
life.
Approved, June 9, i860.
Chap. XCVI —An Act for the Relief of Guada-
lupe Estudillo do Argupllo, widow of Santiago
<le Argueilo. °
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
and he is hereby, directed to pay to Guadalupe
kstudiilo de Arguello, widow of Santiago E. Ar-
guello, late a captain tn the California batftlal/ion,
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, the sum of fourteen thousand eight
hundred and eighty-eight dollars, for losses of
property sustained by him during the period of
such service, and in consequence thereof: Pro-
CiiAr. C.—An Act for the Relief of the legal rep-
resentatives of five deceased Clerks in the Phil-
adelphia Custom-House.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives oj the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, directed to pay, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated, to the legal representatives of David Gib-
son, John B. Shull, Eli Valette, William Bryant,
and C. G. Treichel, deceased, late clerks in the
Philadelphia custom-house, the sums due them,
respectively, for arrears of compensation, amount-
ing, in the aggregate, to nine thousand eight hun-
dred and ninety-five dollars and seventeen ccnts,
as pel- statement of said custom-house, payable
out of the balance of the surplus emoluments of
the collector, erroneously deposited and still re-
maining in the Treasury, in like manner as the
other eight surviving clerks in said custom-house
were paid their arrears of compensation accruing
during the same period, and under the same cir-
cumstances, as per report of the First Comptrol-
ler, dated seventh March, eighteen hundred and
forty-six,approved by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury.
Approved, June 9, 1860.
Chap. CI.—An Act granting a Pension to James
Lacey, of Grainger county, Tennessee.
Be it enacted by the Senate and I{ouse of Repre-
sentatives oj the V nited States ef America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he is hereby,authorized and directed to place
the name of James Lacey, of Grainger county,
Tennessee, upon the invalid pension'™!! at eight
dollars per month, beginning on the first day of
January,eighteen hundred and sixty, and to con-
tinue during the existence of his present disabil-
Approved, June 9, "18fi0.
