932
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 29,
sentiment or conscience of this country, I am not ashamed
or afraid publicly to avow that the election of William H.
Seward or Salmon P. Chase, or any such representative
of the Republican party, upon a sectional platform, ought
to be lesisted to the disruption of every tie that hinds this
Confederacy together. [Applause on the Democratic side
of'tne House.]"
These, sir, are but samples of what we have
heard daily from the Democratic side of this
House. I think ii is safe to say that the southern
Democracy is a unit on the question of disunion,
or perhaps I should say the question of rule or
disunion. It matters little what may be the views
of northern Democrats, forthey are powerless in
the party. Theirs is the ignoble duty of indorsing
the platform when laid down by the South, and
supporting the candidate the South places upon
it. But what do these threats of disunion mean ?
Is it the language of menace? 1 trust not; it will
not move a man from his purpose, but if I know
anything of the spirit of our northern people it
will arouse an indignation that will sweep away
the last vestige of disunion Democracy ! It is
an insult which the North ought and I trust will
resent. It all amounts to just this: You Repub-
licans—you men of the North, if in a constitu-
tional way, you dare to elect a man to the Pres-
idency who reflects your opinions on this subject
of slavery, we of the South, we Democrats, will
tear this Constitution in pieces; we will dissolve
the Union. What, sir, does the South deny the
right of a constitutional majority to rule m a con-
stitutional way? Is an election binding upon«us,
provided your candidate is elected; and arc you
free to disregard and repudiate it, should our can-
didate succeed? Is this the unequal contest to
which you invite us ? As honorable men, will you
go into the contest with this predetermination?
While you can rule it is well; but if the majority
decide against you, then you will tear the Consti-
tution to pieces.
Thank God, we of the free States hold our rights
by no such uncertain tenure as your will, but by j
virtue of the Constitution and our own manhood. 1
Through the long night in which slavery has
ruled this land we have submitted to its iron sway;
for years we have seen this Government all on the
side of slavery ! No man could hold office under
it from the free States, unless he first went under
the yoke. The slightest suspicion of love for uni-
versal liberty excluded the possessor from all par-
ticipation in this Government, and for a northern
man to say a word against the Union was rank
treason. But at the South, how different! To
advocate slavery was no crime, and to denounce
the Union a positive viituc. Wo have seen men
pass warm from the rostrum* where they had de-
nounced the Union into the highest offices of the
land; they fill the Halls of Congress; take their
places in the Cabinet, or go on foreign missions.
We have seen all this and peaceably submitted;
and now when we take the baton of power, think
you we shall allow you to wrest it from our grasp,
arid that, too, over a violated Constitution? No,
gentlemen; we disregard your warnings, and we
scorn your dictation ! When the people have
brought in their vcrdict, that verdict will be exe-
cuted. If it be against us we will submit, as we
have done before; if it be against you, you will
submit also.
Sir, gmitlemen talk abeut dissolving this Union,
as if it were a pastime—a holiday sport. Do they
realize ail the horrors of such a disruption ? This
Government cannot pass away without a struggle
—without nvil strife and garments rolled in blood.
It was a grand sight when the aged Fabricius stood
up before the Carthagenian Senate, and, holding
in his hand lus gathered robe, he proffered them ||
war oi peace. But it isa lamentable sight, when i|
gentlemen stand here m the Congress of these !j
United States, and say to the majority, "If you ;;
dare to exercise your rights, we will destroy the ji
Union; we will tear the Constitution to pieces." j]
Let me ask you, gentlemen, to look before von
leap into this abyss. Now is the time for de'lib-
oration; and not after the fatal step is taken. i;
For what do you propose to dissolve this Union? ' i
What is the end to be attained? The spread and
perpetuation of slavery5 The distinguished gen- !:
th-man from Georgia, [Mr. Crawford,] in his !'
speech, said: j>
"We have now four million slave*. In some twenty- ||
five years tumee we will have eight million. We demand
e\pjii«ion. We u ill hate cxpamion, m spite of the Repub-
lican party, and all the Abolitionists of the Old and New
WorkL" *
The gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr. Single-
ton,] in the speech to which I before referred,said:
" I a?k, again, what will be the future of the southern
slaveholder? if slavery bo confined to its present limits,
the institution will necessarily he overthrown. Jt is only
a question of time. We have now foui million slaves in
the fifteen southern States. That population,doubling itself,
according to the census returns, every twenty-five yeais,
by natural increase—to say nothing of African importations
—we will in fifty years from now have sixteen million."
Think of it, sixteen million slaves in the land
whose declaration of independence proclaims the
equal rights of man. More than live times the
number of inhabitants in this country at the time
of the Revolution. At the same increase, in one
hundied years there would be sixty-four million
slaves in this land of the free and this home of the
brave. But, says the gentleman, 1 tell you here
this day—
" The institution of slavery must be sustained. The South
has made up its mind to keep the black race in bondage. If
we are not permitted to do thi3 inside of the Union, I tell
you that it will he done outside of it. Yes, sir, and we will
expand this institution; we do not intend to be confined
within our present limits."
It is, then, for this institution of slavery that
you are going to dissolve this Union. But when
you have broken down the Constitution, and set
up the standard of revolt, the newly-elected Pres-
ident, whose duty it will be to see that the laws
are executed, will send the Army, backed by the
wealth and power of the nation, to enforce obe-
dience; and, in that fierce struggle, how would
your peculiar institution stand the shock ? 11 now
exists only b v the permission of the civilized woi Id.
A hand raised against it, a word, a look, and it
trembles to its base. If it will not stand before
Helper's book, how will it endure the presence of
an invading army? The standard of revolt will
be the signal of emancipation; and the man who
raises that standard must covet the crown of mar-
tyrdom which he undoubtedly would wear. Tell
me not that slavery is an element of strength. If
it be, why destroy the liberty of speech and the
freedom of the press? Why expel from your
midst the friends and advocates of freedom ? "Why
surround it with a Chinese wall of ignorance, and
fortify it with bloody and terrific penal enact-
ments? And, finally, if slavery be that natural
and felicitous state I have heard represented on
this floor, why is the Christian world shocked by
the cold-blooded barbarism of southern legisla-
tors, who propose to banish from their homes
thousands of free men and women, or reduce them
to slavery? No; slavery is as weak as wicked!
How could it be otherwise? "Do men gather
grapes of thorns, or figs of thistles?'* There is
a fearful and sometimes an intimate connection
between national sms and national retribution. It
is one of the decrees of the Almighty, written in
the past history of the world, that nations shall
not trample with impunity upon the weak and de-
fenseless. Well might Jeffersonv' tiemble for his
country when he considered that God was just,
and that His justice would not sleep forever."
We arc told defiantly that if slavery cannot have
expansion inside of the Union, it will have it out-
side of the Union; mother words, unless we consent
to the rule of slavery, the Union shall by dissolved.
Gentlemen, if that is your determination, now is
the time to strike, for the rule of slavery is broken;
and if there is anything fixed, religiously fixed, in
the minds of our people, it is that slavery shall
never extend another inch in this Union. We
will not consent to expand this evil, and stand
guardian over your coming millions of slaves; and
I submit to our southern brothers if it is wise to
keep up this sectional strife, to press upon us this
eternal agitation? If you are resolved to make
slavery, as you have made it, the test in politics,
I will not complain, for the free States are fast out-
stripping your slave States in population, and the
question will very soon be settled. If you desire
peace, you can have it; only be satisfied with what
you have, remembering that there arerightsNorth
as well as South, and that our Constitution was
made to secure the blessings of liberty, and not
to impose upon men the curse of slavery. True,
we love liberty and hate slavery. We are inflex-
ibly attached to our free institutions: we sec in
thern the approval of Heaven.
Look over the free States; see their wonderful
achievements in arts, in agriculture, in commerce,
and in literature; see their free churches and free
schools Theyare proud monumcntsto freedom;
grand and perpetual anthems to free labor andfree
men. If you think slavery a good, you must
keep it, if you will; but spare us the shame of its
support. Ask us not to countenance what the
late member from Harper's Ferry district and
present Minister to Fiance (Charles J. Faulkner)
so justly describes "as the bitterest drop from the
chalice of the destroying angel." If you choose
to linger in decrepitude and decay—to hug the
cankering curse of slavery to your bosoms—do
it; we at least will be free; wc wash our hands
from its pollution.
Sir, our position is definitely taken, and I would
have no one deceived. The giant North, at last,
standserect. "Don't back down, as you have
done before," said the gentleman from Georgia,
[Mr. Crawford.] We deserve the burning taunt
for our past subserviency. But the gentleman
may allay his fears; he may quiet his apprehen-
sions; there will be no backing down:
We cannot falter; did we so,
The stones beneath would murmur out,
And all the winds that lound us blow
W uld whisper of our shame about;
No! let the tempest rock the land,
Our faith shall live, our truth shall stand.
True as the Vaudois'hemmed around
With papal fite and Roman steel;
Firm as the Christian heroine bound
Upon Dominant tottuiing wheel,
Wc bate no bieath, we cuib no thought,
Come what may come, we falter not.
Mr. ASHMORE obtained the floor.
Mr. BRANCH. I ask my friend from South
Carolina to yield me a few minutes of his time,
to enable me to correct a misapprehension of facts.
Mr. ASHMORE. I am willing_to yield, if it
be the pleasure of the committee.
Mr. BRANCH. If the committee consent, I
will confine myself strictly to correcting a misap-
prehension.
Mr. GROW. Does the gentleman from South
Carolina wish to make his speech to-night?
Mr. ASHMORE. I do not desire to speak this
evening; and if the gentleman from Pennsylvania
desires the floor, I will yield it, provided I shall
be entitled to it to-morrow.
Mr. GROW. I have no objection, and I will
yield a few moments te the gentleman from North
Carolina.
Mr. BRANCH. I do not desire to encroach
on the time of any member, and therefore ask
unanimous consent that I may be allowed five or
ten minutes, without its being taken from the
time of any one.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair hears no objec-
tion, and the gentleman from North Carolina is
entitled to the floor.
Mr. BRANCH. The gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Edgerton,] who has just concluded his re-
marks, introduced a pamphlet from winch he read
a charge against the system of slavery as it now
exists in the South. Upon examination, I find
that the pamphlet purports to be prepared by a
man by the name of Henry Hughes, a gentleman,
so far as I can learn, unknown to any gentleman
upon this floor.
Mr. McRAE. I will say to the gentleman that
I am intimately acquainted with that gentleman,
who is a man of a very high order of intelligence.
Mr. BRANCH. I hope the gentleman will not
take up any portion of my five minutes. I do not
propose to assail the author of the pamphlet.
It seems that the southern commercial conven-
tion appointed a committee to make areportunder
the following resolution:
" Resolved, That a committee of seven be appointed to
report to the next convention, I. Whether, since the adop-
tion of the Fedpral Constitution, the peculiar labor <?vste n
of tile United State*, South, has- progressed. 2. Whether
the relation ol 'master to servant'is now identical with
that originally contemplated by the Constitution."
It is m response to these resolutions that this
report was made. The chairman, in making the
report, said:
" When the Constitution of the United States was formed,
our negro-labor sj^tein was m theory and practice Maveiy;
its ultimate abolition was generally expected.
"The people and the people's statesmen knew truly two
relations of &eivant and master, and therefore deemed that
only two labor systems were po^ihlc. One was slavery
and the other free labor; consequently, while negro sla-
very was truly deemed to be inhuman and unjuct, free labor
was deemed to be its only substitute."
And again:
" It never occurred to the thinkers of the Revolution that
there was a third labor system; that this, while not free
labor, and not slavery, combined all their effects and none
