m
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 13,
36th CoNii.... 1st Sess.
Laios of the United States.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That this cor-
poration shall have power to alter and amend their
constitution and by-laws at pleasure: Provided,
That they do.not conflict with the laws of the
Unite'd States, or the laws of the Corporation of
Washington city.
. Smb.. 4. And be it further enacted, That said cor-
poration shall not exercise banking privileges, or
issue or put in circulation bank notes, or any note,
paper, token, scrip, or device, to be used as cur-
rency.
Sec. 5. And be it farther enacted, That this act
shall continue in force until Congress shall by law
determine otherwise.
Approved, June 12, 1860.
Chap. CXVIII.—An Act for the Relief of Smith
and Hunt, of Toledo, Ohio.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That there be paid to Smith and Hunt,
of Toledo, Ohio, the sum of nine thousand two
hundred and sixty-five dollars and ninety cents,
out of any money in .the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, the same being the amount paid by
said Smith and Hunt as freight and chaiges on
railroad iron transported while m bond, from
New York city to Toledo, Ohio.
Approved, June 12, 1860.
Chap . CXIX.—An Act for the Relief of Valentine
Wehrheim,
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he is hereby, directed to place the name of
Valentine Wehrheim on the roll of invalid pen-
sioners, and pay him at the rate of twenty-five
dollars per month, from and after the twenty-
sixth day of January,eighteen hundred and sixty.
Approved, June 12, 1860.
Chap. CXX.—An Act to dissolve the Washing-
ton s Manual Labor School and Male Orphan
Asylum Society of tile District of Columbia,
and to authorize the transfer of its effects to
the Columbia Institution for the Instruction
of the Deaf and Dumb and the Blind.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the trustees of Washington's
Manual Labor School and Male Orphan Asylum
Soeiety of the District of Columbia, incorpo-
rated by an act of Congress approved on the thir-
teenth day of June, eighteen hundred and forty-
two, be, and they are hereby authorized and I
empowered, by deed or other instrument in writ- j
ing, lo transfer all their funds and property of I
every description to the Columbia Institution for 1
the instruction of the Deaf and Dumb and the
Blind, incorporated by an act of Congress ap-
proved February sixteen, eighteen hundred and
fifty-seven,011 such terms and conditions as may
bo agreed upon by said corporate bodies and in-
corporated in such deed or instrument of writing.
Sec. 2. Aid be it further enacted, That the safd
deed of transfer or instrument of writing shall be
recorded in the recorder's office for land titles,
in the county of Washington and District of Co- !
lumbia,and the terms and conditions of said deed 1
shall be as obligatory upon said Columbia Insti-
tution as if they formed a part of its charter; and
from the date of the record thereof, as aforesaid,
the trustees of Washington's Manual Labor
School and Male Orphan Asylum Society shall
be forever thereafter absolved from their trust,
and the act of June thirteen, eighteen hundred
and forty-two, conferring upon them corporate
powers and privileges, shall be thenceforward
repealed: Provided, That ail the debts and pecu-
niary liabilities of the said Washington's Manual
Labor fechool and Male Orphan Asylum shall
be transferred to, assumed by, aiid be debts of
the said Columbia Institution for the Instruction
of the Deaf and Dumb and the Blind, which
shall be responsible therefor; and suits at law or
in equity may be commenced against said last-
mentioned corporation, the same as if said debts
hau been mi^ipaiiy incurred by it.
appp.ovi.ii, .iuhp. 13, isfio.
Chap. CXXI.—An Act extending the charter
incorporating the German- Benevolent Society
of Washington City, in the District of Colum-
bia, approved July twenty-seventh, eighteen
hundred and forty-two.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That from and after the passage of this
act, all those persons who are, or shall hereafter
become members of the German Benevolent So-
ciety, of the city of Washington, District of Co-
lumbia, be, and they are hereby, made a body
corporate and politic, by the name and style of
the German Benevolent Society, and shall so
continue until the third day of March, one thou-
sand eight hundred and eighty; and by that
name shall have perpetual succession, and by that
name may sue and be sued, implead and be im-
pleaded, answer and be answered, defend and be
defended, in courts of law and equity and in all
other places whatsoever; and by that name may
make, have, and use a common seal, and the
same may break, alter, and renew at pleasure,
and shall have power to ordain, establish, and
put in execution such by-laws, ordinances, and
regulations as shall seem necessary and conve-
nient for the Government of said corporation, not
being contrary to the laws and Constitution of the
United States; and, generally, to do and execute
all necessary or proper for the objects of said cor-
poration, subject to the limitations of this act.
Sec. 2. And be it farther enacted, That the
monthly contributions and all other moneys re-
ceived on account of the society, may, from time
to time, be invested in the public stocks of the
United States, in loans to individuals, or in stocks
of any incorporated banking institution or cor-
poration, and the moneys so invested or that may
be deposited shall be drawn out of the bank or
place of deposit only on the order of the treasurer,
countersigned by the secretary, and approved by
the president: Provided, nevertheless, That the
said society or body politick shall not, at any one
time, hold or possess property, real, personal, or
mixed, exceeding in total value the sum of twenty
thousand dollars: And provided, That the annual
interest on the capital of the company, or the
whole or any part of the capital, may, from time
to time, be applied to aid and succor the poor and
destitute of the society, or to such other ehan-
table objects as the company may select.
Sec. 3. And be it farther enacted, 7'hat it shall
not bf lawful for the said corporation to deal or
trade in the manner of a bank, nor issue any
note in the nature of a bank note, nor transact
any other kind of business, or deal in any other
manner or thing than is expressly authorized by |
the second section of this act; and any officer or I
officers who shall have assented to any such deal- '
ing or trade shall, on conviction thereof, in the
proper courts, forfeit and pay the sum of five
hundred dollars, one half to the use of the poor
of the city of Washington, District of Columbia,
and the other half to the use of the person who
may prosecute the same: Provided, always, That
Congress may, at anytime, amend, alter, or annul
this act.
Approved, June 13, 1860.
Chap. CXX1I.—An Act to Incorporate the Pro-
prietors of Prospect Hill Cemetery.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the Lnited Steles of America in Congress
assembled, That Augustus E. L. Keese, John G.
Stork, Fred Heider, John Walter, John Guttcn-
sohn, B. Osterineyer, Christopher Fness, and
George Shuitz, the present members of the Ger-
man Evangelical Society, and their successors in
said society, be, and they are hereby, created a
body politic and corporate, by the name and title
of the Prospect Hill Cemetery, in the District of
Columbia, and b v that name shall have perpetual
succession, and shall be able and liable to sue
and be sued by any court of law and equity, may
have and use a common seal, and shall have
power to purchase and hold not exceed in," one
hundred acres of land in the District of Colum-
bia, north of the limits of the city of Washm -
mgton, [and] to sell and dispose of such parts of
said land as may not be wanted for the purpose
of a cemetery: Provided, That at least seventeen
contiguous acres shall be forever appropriated
and set apart as a cemetery, with authority to
said corporation to receive gifts and bequests for
the purpose of ornamenting and improving said
cemetery, and to hold such personal property as
may be requisite to carry out this act.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the affairs
of said corporation shall be conducted by a pres-
ident, secretary, and six directors, who shall be
elected annually by a majority of the votes of said
society; the said president, secretary, and direct-
ors to fill all vacancies in their own Jiody, and
shall have power to lay out and ornament the
grounds; remove and alter old buildings and erect
new ones; to lay out and sell, or dispose of burial
lots; to appoint all necessary officers and agents,
and fix their several duties and compensation;
and to make such by-laws, rules and regulations,
as they may deem proper for conducting the
affairs of the corporation, for the government of
lot holders and visitors to the cemetery, and for
the transfer of stock and the evidence thereof. In
all elections held under this act, each proprietor
shall be entitled to one vote.
Sec. 3. Andbe it further enacted, That no streets,
lanes, alleys, roads, or canals of any sort shall be
opened through the property of said corporation
exclusively used and appropriated to the purpose
of a cemetery: Provided, That nothing herein con-
tained shall authorize said corporation to obstruct
any public road or street, or lane, or alley, now
actually opened and used as such.
Sec. 4. And be it farther enacted, That any per-
son who shall willfully destroy, mutilate, deface,
injure, or remove any tomb, monument, grave-
stone or other structure placed in said cemetery,
or any fence, railing or work for protection or
ornament of said cemetery, or any tomb, monu-
ment, gravestone or other structure thereon, or
shall willfully destroy, cut, break, or remove any
tree, shrub or plant within the limits of said cem-
etery, shall be considered guilty of misdemeanor,
and on conviction thereof before any justice of
the peace of the county of Washington, shall be
punished by fine, at the discretion of the justice,
according to the aggravation of the offense, of not
less than five nor more than fifty dollars.
Sec. j. And be it farther enacted, That until an
election be held under the provisions of this act,
the eight last named persons in section first shall
be the managers of said corporation, and that all
officers shall hold their respective offices until
their successors shall be elected or appointed.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That burial
lots in said cemetery shall not be subject to the
debts of the stockholders thereof, and the land of
the company dedicated to the purpose of a ceme-
tery shall not be subject to taxation of any kind.
Sec. 7. And be it Jurther enacted, That the said
corporation shall provide for the return, from
time to time, to the Corporation of Washington,
reports of all interments made in said cemetery of
persons who may have died within the limits of
the said Corporation of Washingtion,in such man-
ners and according to such forms as may be pre-
scribed, from time to time, by the corporatidli of
Washington.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That a certifi-
cate under seal of the corporation, of the owner-
ship of any lot aforesaid, shall, in all respects,
have the same effect as any conveyance from said
corporation of said lot would have if executed,
acknowledged, and recorded, as conveyances of
real estate are required to be.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That nothing
in this act shall be so constiued as to authorize
the said corporation to issue any note, token,
device, or scrip, or other evidence of debt, to be
used as currency.
Sec. 10. And be it farther enacted, That this act
shall take effect from the passage thereof.
Sec. J J. And be it further enacted, That it may
be lawful for Congress hereafter to alter, modify,
or repeal the foregoing act.
Sec. 12. And be it further enacted, That each of
the stockholders in the said company shall be held
liable in his or her individual capacity for all the
debts and liabilities of the said" company, how-
ever contracted or incurred, to be rccov, red by
suit, as other debts or liabilities, before the court
or tribunal having jurisdiction of the case.
Approved, June 13, 1860.
