934
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 29,
tion. Let us see. You want consumers. You
have*a highly favored soil; no guano, lime, ma-
nure > or other stimulant is wanted, away^ut be-
neath the-setting sun. If troubled at all, it is to
keep down the rank exuberance of your prairies;
where I hear you need no clocks; you can keep
time by the pumpkin vines, they grow just two
feet per hour; ana where I once heard of a man
who undertook to try the effects of guano on that
soil; be planted some cucumbcr seeds in that stim-
ulant, when forthwith he saw the dirt flying, and
although he used his bestendeavors to escape from
the patch, still the vines overtook him, and to his
surprise and consternation, when he got over the
fence he found a cucumber gone to seed in his
pocket! Now, sir, what does such a country as
that want, except a market ? That is all. It can
supply all the world and " the rest of mankind."
But where find the consumers? I will tell you.
Grivo us protection, Let us withdraw our dense
population in the New England and middle States
from cultivating much of their soil that is barren
and sterile; withdraw that portion which is now
competing with you in the productions peculiar
to your region, or at least produce what they con-
sume. Let us withdraw these from producing,
and allow them, under reasonable protection, to
delve into "caverns dire" in pursuit of our iron
©re, and our coal, and let our furnaces, forges,
nail factories, and bloomeries be once more red
with the refining fires. Let the hum of our spin-
dles and the stroke of the hammei be again heard.
Let the collier again sing merrily at his task, while
his shadowappears once more on the background
of his pit. Let the woodman's ax once more
resound,
" And for him the earth will forget to mourn,
And leap at a blast of his mountain horn.5'
Let all this be once again restored. and my word
for it, we will tax your industry and your fruit-
ful land to their utmost capacity to supply our
wants and meet our demands. And what will we
give you in return ? Why, say the free-traders,
manufactured articles—the luxuries and necessa-
ries of life, at increased prices. This, sir, i most
emphatically and earnestly deny. Give us the
market, the field of consumption, and our in-
creased production will enable us to manufacture
cheaper, and to furnish all these things at rcduccd
instead of increased rates. It is the absence of a
market that now cripples the manufacturer. He
now labors under aaouble disadvantage, namely,
he has first to contend against the pauper labor of
Europe; and secondly, the market is taken from
him, or his sales limited by the influx of the for-
eign article. But, drive the foreign articlc out of
the market by imposing such duty thereon as will
render it impossible for the foreign manufacturer
to pay that duty, and you drive it from the field,
leaving that market to he supplied by the home
product, not at an increased price, but the differ-
ence being simply that the home instead of the
foreign article is sold and consumed. In other
words, by reason of his increased sales, the home
manufacturer is enabled, at a less profit, to sup-
ply the demand; and yet secure a fair remuner-
ation for the capital invested. For example,
suppose a manufacturer of carriages should, by
reason either of a want of demand or from com-
petition, only succeed in selling ten wagons per
annum. Now, it is manifest that", in order to live,
he must secure his profits out of these ten sales
by disposing of them at such rates as will pro-
duce that result; whereas, if he could increase his
sales to one hundred wagons, he '-ould reduce his
profits nine tenths, and thereby furnish the same
article at a greatly rcduccd rate. Now, give the
manufacturer the market, so as to increase his bus-
iness nine tenths, and it is clear that he will be
remunerated at greatly less rates. This is all that j
the American manufacturer asks or needs—the j
market; and you may safely trust to his skill and '
genius for the cheapness of the price. Besides, |
home competition will regulate all that. Now, !
sir, I submit that the consumer pays none the less j
because the article purchased is of foreign fabric, i
Let me illustrate this. Suppose an importer j
buys a ton of iron in Liverpool at thirty-five dol- 1
lars per ton, and the cost of transportation is five !
dollars, the duty five dollars, and the selling price I
here fifty dollars. Now the importer is notgoingto i
sell that ton of iron underthe marketplace; he will 'i
ask and get fifty dollars for it. Does the consumer I
get it at any less price because it is imported iron? I
Certainly not. He has paid just as much (fifty
dollars) as though he had purchased the home
manufactured article. Who, then, pocketed the
difference between the original cost, transporta-
tion,duty, and selling price? Not the consumer,
for he paid market pricc, fifty dollars. It is man-
ifest the importer secured the difference to himself,
and was the only man benefited by the transac-
tion. By this process, the consumer was in no
wise benefited; while the home manufacturer was
broken down, and the laborer robbed of his daily
bread.
One word more in regard to the West. Was
that garden of the world ever before so crippled
and prostrated in a pecuniary point of view? In-
deed, when before, except during extraordinary
financial embarrassments, was the whole country,
both agricultural, manufacturing, and commercial,
so hampered and depressed? And yet,under the
bounty of Providencc, the last year has witnessed
such a gathering of the jeweled grain as this con-
tinen t never saw before; the44 reaper hath'5 indeed
"filled his hand and the binder his bosom." Yet,
what does it avail? There are no consumers, no
purchasers. Our money has gone to foreign coun-
tries to pay the balance of trade, forty or fifty
millions of dollars, against us. Yet weare receiv-
ing the large revenue of &50,000,000 annually from
California, that Eldorado of the Pacific slope,
" Whose streams arc amber, and whose sands arc gold."
There is but one solution of the whole matter;
we arc over-trading, and pouring our golden treas-
ure into the coffers of the Old "V^orld. Sir, I shall
enter into no figures, submit no tabular statements,
no exaggerated estimates of imports and exports.
I prefer the light of experience and observation,
to theory and speculation. Like the blind man
restored to sight in the New Testament, who,
unable to comprehend the rationale of his deliv-
erance, nevertheless, persisted in urging one fact,
without comment or explanation, that, whereas
he had been blind, he now saw, we do know,
and that is sufficient, that, under the tariff of 1842,
we lived prosperously and happily; every man,
from the millionaire to the humble laborer, rejoiced
in the prosperity of the country: whereas nowthe
cry of distress, of closed manufactories, broken
merchants, unemployed laborers is so general as
to arrest the attention and consideration of the
most indifferent.
Having thus endeavored to reconcile the young
giant of the West to the protective system, it is
my duty, as well as my pleasure, to appeal to our
equally powerful brethren of the South. And let
me here surmise that the same arguments, already
urged in behalf of the interests of the West, ap-
ply with equal force to the States of Kentucky
and Tennessee, and even to Virginia and Mis-
souri. The States of Maryland and Delaware need
no incentive to join Pennsylvania in this great
measure; for, in our past lives, we have not been
separated, and there is no death that can divide
us.
But the cotton States are the only ones likely to
listen to this appeal with doubting faith; and to
them therefore will 1 now address myself. Your
great staple is cotton, not inaptly termed "king
cotton. 9 3 Truly, yours is agrcat product, and your
enormous exportation of that articlc, amounting
to near two hundred million dollars annually, en-
title your position and interests to a careful con-
sideration. The price of your product like every
otherdependsuponthe supply and demand. Now,
all you desire is a market capable of exhausting
your supply at such prices as render its culture
profitable and remunerative; when you obtain
these you are content. Jt matters not to you v\ here
that market is found, whether here or m a foreign
land.
Now, you fear, in this question of a tariff, two
consequonces:
First, that under this system, the prices of all
these manufactured articles will be increased, and
as you consume largely, you will be thereby
injured.
Secondly, that from inability of the foreign pur-
chaser, through loss of his market on this con-
tinent, there will be necessarily a reduction in the
price of your staple.
The first of these objections I consider already
answered; the second deserves serious attention.
In the first place, I presume it will not be dis-
puted that, under the protective system, the con-
sumption of cotton faorics in the United States
will not be diminished; but, on the other hand,
there can be no doubt that their consumption
would be increased from fifty to one hundred per
cent, if that system were this day adopted; be-
cause all classes, and especially the poorer and
laboring classes, who are the chief consumers,
would, by reason of the impetus given to business,
the increased demand for labor, the investment of
now unemployed capital in the erection and equip-
mentof these establishments, be more able to buy
and pay for these fabrics; and we all know that
the inducements to expend and enjoy, depend
wholly on the ability oi the consumer to gratify
his wants or inclinations. Thus, then, the demand
would be nearly, if not wholly, doubled. This
would be a great point gained to the planter. It
would stimulate him to increased production. He
would feel that the consumption of his product
was going on in his very midst, so that he would
neither doubt the demand for his staple nor the
ability to pay for the same.
But there would be, doubtless, a slight diminu-
tion in the foreign demand: still, it must always
remain large, and in no event do they take more
than what is absolutely necessary for their pur
poses. England would still manufacture for the
rest of the world; and her chief, if not only, sup-
ply is from your section. It is true that an effort
is now making by the English Government, al-
though purporting to be a private enterprise, to
open up the great central basin of Africa to the
culture of cotton; and any dispassionate man who
reads Dr. Livingstone's explorations in that re-
gion, cannot close his eyes to the fact that there
exists a district of country on that continent pe-
culiarly adapted to the culture of cotton; unpar-
alleled in its fertility, beneath the very equator
itself, free from all danger of frost, and, in extent,
exceeding the entire territory of all the States of
this Union. And, besides, there is the negro race,
ready and willing to engage in its production.
They are the same materials with which you work
in the culture of cotton here; less cultivated, to
be sure; yet the Doctor reports them very apt and
clever in catching up the skill and power of civil-
ization. I have no doubt the English will suc-
ceed; and that you are about encountering, in
your branch of agriculture, a foeman worthy of
your steel. If they fail in this African enterprise,
so much the better for you; and if they succced,
then where will your market be, unless liere in our
own great and glorious Union ? Then you will
duly appreciate the force of the argument I havu
adduced. So that, in any event, you are bound
to win. If Africa produces cotton, you have still
a home market capable, under proper protection,
of exhausting your supply; and if Africa fails m
this cotton movement, you are doubly safe; be-
cause you will then have two markets instead of
one—the home and the foreign.
Besides, your system of free trade, such as now
obtains in this Government, necessarily drives the
artisan from the shops and factories of New Eng-
land, and othei free States; and they arc then com-
pelled to seek homes and habitations beneath the
setting sun where they build up those worse than
Babylonish abominations in your sight—to wit,
the free States of the West—thus destroying the
very balance of power which you have so long
struggled to preserve. And yet you stand here,
day after day and year after year, bemoaning your
hard fate, your lost influence and power m the
Republic, little dreaming—or blindly ignoring the
fact—that it is your stubborn and "inflexible ad-
herence to the free-trade policy that has brought
these supposed calamities upon you. Yes, sir,
while you were engaged in an unenviable crusade
against the workshops of New England, and
chuckling over the supposed stab thrust into the
heart of her industry, you were only uttering deep
curses, which, like chickens, have come home
to roost. You drove the free artisan from his shop,
and he in return vanquished you on the plains of
Kansas. Such unquestionably are the fruits and
tendencies of free trade.
The question then arises, what sort of duties
should be imposed, specific or ad valorem ? On
this question, 1 concur entirely with the President.
He is unmistakably correct. Specific duties are
the only imposts, so far as it is practicable to en-
force them, which afford protection to the manu-
facturer; because ad valorem duties afford least
when most needed.
To illustrate the different operation of those
