936
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
act to enable the State of Arkansas and other
States to reclaim the swamp lands within their
limits" to Minnesota.
The amendment of the Committee on Public
Lands is, to strike out all after the enacting clause,
and inscrtt
That the provisions of the act of Congress, entitled 11 An
act to enable the State of Arkansas and other States to
reclaim the swamp lands within their limitV' approved
Septemher 28, 1850, be, and the same are hereby, extended
to the States of Minnesota and Oregon: Provided, That the
grant hereby made shall not include any lands which the
Governmentof the United States may have reserved, sold,
or dL^po&ed of, in pursuance of any law heretofore enacted,
prior to the confirmation of title to be made under the au-
thority of the said act.
Skc. 2. Jiad be it further enacted, That the selection to
be made, from lands already surveyed in each of the States,
including Minnesota and Oregon,underthe authority of the
act aforesaid, and of the "Act to aid the State of Louisiana
in draining the swamp lands therein,*' approved March 2,
1849, shall be made within tvvoyears from the adjournment
of the Legislature of each State at its next session after the
date of this act; and as to all lands hereafter to be sur-
veyed, within two years from such adjournment, at the
next session, after notice by the Secretary of the Interior
to the Governor of the State that the surveys have been
completed and confirmed.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amende^,
and the amendment was concurred in; and the bill
was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time.
It was read the third time, and passed.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, its
title was amended so as to read: A bill to extend
the provisions of " An act to enable the State of
Arkansas and other States to reclaim the swamp
lands within their limits" to Minnesota and Ore-
gon, and for other purposes.
SEIZURE OF VESSELS.
Mr. HAMLIN. I ask the Senate to take up
the bill No. 215 for consideration. 1 think it will
not occupy three minutes. It is a very short bill.
Mr. GWIN. I would suggest to the Senator
from Maine that there is an appropriation bill on
the Calendar, which I reported yesterday, that
ought to be considered.
Mr. HAMLIN. This will not take two min-
utes; and let me get it off my hands.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. No.
215) to amend the provisions of the fifty-sixth sec-
tion of" An act to regulate the collection of duties
on imports and tonnage," approved the 2d day
of March, 1799, was read a second time, arid con-
sideicd as m Committee of the Whole.
It provides that whenever any goods, wares, or
merchandise, shall be imported into any port of
the United States from any foreign port, in any
ship or vessel, at the expiration of eight working
days, if the ship or vessel shall be less than three
hundred tons burden, and within twelve working
days, if it be of three hundred tons burden and
less than eight hundred, and within fifteen days,
if it be of eight hundred tons burden and upwards,
after the time within which the report of the mas-
ter or person having charge or command of any
ship or vessel is required to be made to the col-
lector of the district, if there shall be found any
goods, wares, or merchandise, other than shall
have been reported for some other district, or some
foreign port or place, the collector shall take pos-
session thereof; but, with the consent of the owner
or consignee of any goods, wares, or merchan-
dise, or with the consent of the owner or master
of the vessel in which the same may be imported,
the goods, warts, or merchandise,'may be taken
possession of by the collector, after one day's
notice to the collector of the district.
Mr. HAMLIN. The mam feature of the bill
consists in this: by the existing law the collector
is not obliged to take possession of the goods,
wares, and merchandise, until the expiration of
live days. It is very desirable, in many cases
where the vessel is ready to discharge her car^o,
that he should be authorized to take possession
of the vessel immediately, or at least, after one
day's notice: and on conference with the Treasury
Department, and by the unanimous approval of
the Committee on Commerce, I reported this bill
for that purpose,
Mr. MASON. I know nothing about the pro-
visions of the bill; but I would ask the Senator if
the bill was acted on or examined by the Com-
mittee on Finance?
Mr. HAMLIN. No, sir; the Committee on
Finance have nothing to do with it.* It is not a
subject which they ever considered.
Mr. MASON. Well, the Committee on Com-
merce?
Mr. HAMLIN. Yes, sir; and was reported
unanimously.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
TIL3XAX LEAK.
Mr. GWIN, I ask the Senate to proceed to
the consideration of the WestPoint appropriation
bill. It was reported yesterday from the Finance
Committee, and I wish to have it acted on to-day,
if possible.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I ask the Senator to
waive that motion for a short time. I desire to
take up and pass a bill for the relief of a private
individual, which, I am satisfied, will not occupy
three minutes.
Mr. GWIN. I should like to ask the Presi-
dent of the Senate at what time the morning hour
commences—at one o'clock?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
call up the special order at one o'clock.
Mr. GWIN. If the bill of the Senator from
Alabama will only take the time he mentioned, I
will give way.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I move to take up the
bill (S. No. 55) for the relief of Tillman Leak.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
read a second time, and considered as in Com- j
mittcc of the Whole. It proposes to direct the
Secretary of the Interior to cause to be refunded i
to Tilman Leak the sum of $679 57, the amount 1
paid by him to the United States as purchase- ;
money for fractional sections six and seven, in !
township number nineteen, range north eighteen, |
in Alabama, at a sale thereof, as " dead and aban- !
doned" Indian reserves, under the Creek treaty :
of 1832, made by William Garrett, agent of the
United States, on the 7th day of May, 1856; but ;
Leak is first to surrender any patent which he [
may have therefor, for cancellation, and release to :
the United States, by deed, all his claim and in- <
i Mr. FITZPATRICK. The report can be read j
! if there is any objection to the bill. It is to refund '
money paid for a land title, on account of us in-
sufficiency. Itis reported from the Committee on ,
Indian Affairs. ;
The bill was reported to the Senate without !
amendment. j
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have no particular ob- >
jeetion to the bill, and do not make any; but I
should like to know the special reason for taking
it up now. To-morrow is pnvaie bill day, I be-
lieve; and if the understanding is general that this
time in the morning hour is to be improved for
putting in these private bills, I have several that j
t should like to get in myself very early. I should j
like the same accommodation. I do not object to !
this at all. I only want an understanding on both !
sides, m relation to the matter, that we may know 1
how to act. 1
Several Senators. Let this go through. j
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have no objection to t
this particular hill; but I want Senators to under- 1
stand that if this privilege is to be granted to one j
Senator, it ought to he extended all around. j
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I would state to the j
Senator from Maine the reason why I am urging i
this bill. It is to refund money to a gentleman !
who has paid his money for a title which has ]
proved insufficient; and it merely proposes to re- j
fur.d him his money without interest. I think the j
sooner the man gets his money the better. That j
is one reason why I am disposed to take it up i
now. }
Mr. FESSEXDEX If we break in on the j
rule, let us all have a chance. I have several bills !
myself which I want passed. j
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third '
reading, was read the third time, and passed. |
MILITARY ACADEMY BILL. j
On motion of Mr. G1VO, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider 'j
the bill [H. R. No. 5] making appropriations for l|
the support of the Military Academy for the year ''
ending the 30th of June, 1HG1. i>
Mr. DAVIS. An amendment was offered by
mo yesterday, at the end of line thirty-nine, to
insert: !
For materials fur qmttcr? for subaltern officers, §3,500. i!
If the Senate require any explanation of the
amendment, I ran give it. [" Oh, nu!"]
The amendment was agreed to.
Thebillwas reported to the Senate, asamended:
and the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. WIGFALL. I beg leave to offer the fol-
lowing amendment:
Ani be it further cnaclrd, Tlmt the -aim of $1,130,318 06
be, anil the same is hereby, appropriated out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for the Mipport
and maintenance ol a regiment ot' mounttd volunteer* for
the defence ol'the frontier of Tetas, to be rnL-ert in pursu-
ance of an act approved April 7, [858, entitled •' An act to
provide fur the organization of a reciment of mounted vol-
unteers for the defense ot the frontier ot To\at-. and to au-
thorize the Pi evident to call into the service of the I'mted
States two additional regiments of volunteers."
Mr. GWIN. I regret to say that I shall have'
to raise a point of order on the amendment of the
Senator from Texas. Itis not germane to this
bill; and, therefore, I submit to the Chair whether
or not it is in order to offer the amendment ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair cannot
decide the amendment to be out of order on that
ground.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I have just come in. "What
is the amendment offered tor A military bill'
The VICE PRESIDENT. The West Point
appropriation bill.
Mr. DOUGLAS. And this is to raise a regi-
ment to protect the frontier of Texas?
Mr. WIGFALL. The regiment already pro-
vided for by law.
Mr. DOXlGLAS. I think it is clearly in order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair haa
already decided that it is.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I inquire whether it comes
from any committee? It is an addition to an ap-
propriation bill. There is a rule that provides
against that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That question has
not been raised.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I raise that question of
ord r 
Mr. WIGFALL. If the Senator will wait one
moment, I will turn to the rule.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is of the
impression that the amendment assumes to be m
pursuance of an act of Congress. If so, it comes
| under the rule.
| Mr. FESSENDEN. But it has some additional
| provisions m it.
j Mr. WIGFALL. The rule referred to is the
i 30th rule:
i '• No amendment proposing additional appropriations shall
; be received to any general appropriation bill, unless it hp
[ made to carry out the provisions of some existing law. or
! some act or resolution previously parsed by the Senate du-
ring that session, or moved hy the direction of it standing
or select committee of the Senate, or m pursuance of an
estimate from the head of some of the Dcpaitment*."
I will state to the Senate that this is free from
the objection, for three reasons: In the first place,
it is to carry out an existing law: in the next
place, the amounts are ascertained by an estimate
at the Department; and m the third place, it was
reported upon by a committee, not at this session,
but the amounts are taken from a bill introduced
during the last session, predicated upon a report
of the proper committee, and upon an estimate of
the Department. But the first portion of this
clause shows clearly that it is not out of order-—
" unless it be made to carry out the provisions ot
some existing law." There is now on the statute
book a law authorizing the President to muster
into service a regiment of Toxtis volunteers, and
to muster them into the service of the United
States .subject to the articles of war.
Mr. GWIN. Has the Chair decided that the
amendment is in order?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair cannot
decide upon the fact. The Chair understands tho
Senator from Texas to hay that there ha-s been an
estimate made by the head of a Department, and
that it is also to carry out the provisions of an
existing law. If sn, it is undoubtedly in order.
Mr. GWIN. There is an existing law, I be-
lieve the whole Senate knows, authorizing the call-
ing into service of an additional regiment; but no
appropriation has been made for the purpose.
Them is such a law.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to hear the
amendment read again.
The Secretary read it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, I am de-
cidcdiy in favor of having the troops of the United
