1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
937
States protect that frontier; but I should like to
have this question referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs, and have them report whether
it be necessary, in their judgment, that these addi-
tional troops should be raised; whether the troops
of the United States, which we now have under
existing circumstances, are not sufficient for that
purpose; whether some of the troops we now have
may not bo spared for that purpose. I am not
prepared to vote for the proposition now, unless
it comes recommended by the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, with a report showing the necessity
of raising these additional troops.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is a question of
order at present undisposed of.
Mr. MASON. I dare say it will be within the
recollection of all the Senate that, during the last
Congress, the Secretary of War recommended an
increase of the Army by the addition of three reg-
iments. Congress declined it in that form; but
we passed a law authorizing him to muster into
the service of the country three regiments of vol-
unteers, one for Texas and two for Utah; but Con-
gress made no appropriation for these regiments,
and the President, although strongly urged, as I
understood, by those coming from those regions
to call the regiments into the service, declined
doing so, because thpre was no appropriation.
Yesterday I offered a resolution, which the Sen-
ate adopted, asking the President to transmit to
the Senate a recent communication from the Gov-
ernor of Texas, accompanied by a report from
commissioners that he had sent to the Texan fron-
tier, on the Rio Grande, showing what was the
existing state of things there. I read that com-
munication at the War Department before I made
the call, and became satisfied from reading the
papers, as well as from conversation with the
bearer who brought them here, that the emergency
is not only existing, but is very great. The Gov-
ernor of Texas, 1 think, very properly informed
the Federal Executive that, unless the Federal
military were sent there very speedily, the obli-
gations which he owed to his State would com-
pel him to send a body of Texan troops to the
Rio Grande, under the authority of the Texan
government, fo piotect the pcace of the frontier
There is a very small military force of the United
States there, under the command of Major Heint-
zelman. One or two companies that were got up
in a great hurry and sent there, have been found
inefficient, and have been disbanded. The depre-
dations, the murders, the burnings committed on
our side of the line, have been, or will be, neces-
sarily followed by the irregular troops assembled
there on the spot, in Texas, passing over into
Mexico; and if Mexico was in any condition to
repel it, a war would be now existing. It seems
to me that the emergency is really very great, and
we can very safely appropriate for one regiment
at least of the three that were authorized at the
last session—authorized then under an emergency
far less than now exists.
Mr. HALE obtained the floor.
Mr. HEMPHILL. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from New Hampshire yield to the Senator from
Texas
Mr. HALE Is it on the question of order ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will,
state to the Senate that a question of order was
raised; but the Senator from Texas states to the
Senate that this amendment is to enrry out an
estimate of a Department, and is in pursuance of
existing law. The Chair is not aware of these
facts, but assumes them to be true on the state-
ment of the Senator; and in that state of the case,
he must decide the amendment to be m order.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Has there been any es-
timate from the Department?
Mr. HEMPHILL. 1 wish to state the facts
merely to show that there has been an estimate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Scnatorfrom
New Hampshire is entitled to the floor.
Mr. HALE. I am not going to consume time.
Mr. HEMPHILL. If the~Scnator from New
Hampshire will give way for a moment, I will
state some facts, merely to show that there has
been an estimate previously made. The act au-
thorizing the enrollment of these three regiments
was passed on the 7th of April, 1858; but there
was no appropriation in that law. Subsequently
to the passage of that law, there was a bill intro-
duced into the House of Representatives appro-
priating money for the support of those three regi-
ments—a given amount of money. That bill was
passed in the House of Representatives, and came
to the Senate about ten or twelve days before the
adjournment, and was referred to the Finance
Committee, and was reported back from that com-
mittee about four days before the adjournment of
Congress. That bill (No. 561) of the House of
Representatives, provided thatm the contingency
that the President did not see fit to order out the
two regiments for Utah, he should use one third
of the money for Texas. The estimate was made
then, and all that is necessary now is to take one
third of the money then propoijpd to be appropri-
ated in that bill and then estimated for.
Mr. HALE. I was not'going to make a speech,
but I wish to make a suggestion. I am willing to
vote every dollar that is wanted to defend the
frontier of Texas, or any other State; I will vote
liberally for that purpose; but the question is,
what is all the rest of our Army about? As I under-
stand it, we are at peace with "all the world and
the rest of mankind," including the Indian tribes,
except Texas. We have got a standing army, I
think, of about twenty thousand men. I was in
hopes that we should have had a proposition to
reduce the Army. I think it ought to be. reduced,
and I shall endeavor to obtain its reduction. I do
not know that it will be an auspicious time this
session to secure that, but I stand pledged to en-
force on this body, as well as I can, the necessity
of a reduction of the Army and its enormous ex-
penditures. We are at peace and have an Army
of about twenty thousand men. I have not looked
at the Army Register this year, and I should like
to know what they arc about, what they are doing?
Are they stirring up another Oregon war; or ail-
other Washington war on their own hook, and
running us into debt for millions, that we shall
have to pay by and by? I think, if the Adminis-
tration would do its duty—it is commander-in-
chief of the Army—it has army enough, and more
than enough to defend the frontier of Texas and
every State that is m danger.
11 is a little curious that every time we have the
least necessity to use the Army, iu comes an ap-
plication to increase the Army. When Mr. Buch-
anan got up the expedition to the Mormon coun-
try, he wanted a great increase of the Army to
do it with, and he got it, not exactly in regulars,
but, 1 believe, in volunteers; and then lie would
not have them, principally, I suppose, because he
did not have the appointment of the officers. But
1 have noticed that whenever there is a necessity
for any use of the Army, you want it increased;
and there is oncfthingto be remembered: we shall
never see it diminished. The tracks are all one
way. You arc constantly increasing, never di-
minishing it, unless after some great national war,
like the war with Great Britain and the war with
Mexico; hut, I think, with that exception, when
reducing the Army to a peace establishment, after
a war, the tendency generally has been to increase
it. Now, sir, I beg the Senator from Texas not
to misunderstand me; I am willing to give them
all the protection they ought to have, and more, if
he wants it; but I think, if the Administration
will do their duty, they do not want all additional
regiment; there is no necessity for it; and the very
fact that the President of the United States has
not ordered this regimentwhen he was authorized
by law to do so, shows, in my judgment, that he
considers the present Army sufficient.
It may be said that there was no appropriation
for this regiment. Well, sir, you do not want any
appropriation for the Army. By the law, as it is
construed and practically carried into effect, the
Quartermaster General can run us into debt for
millions on his own responsibility, at his own
discretion, or indiscretion; whilst Congress is in ^
^ session lie mavrun this Government into debtfor ;
I supplies to the amount of millions; and he has j
done it. If this increase of the Army was neces- j
sary, and there was alaw to authorize it, it would i
ha\K been made. I am entirely opposed to this
increase of the Army until we are shown by a j
report from the Executive that the existing force ;
is not sufficient to meet the necessities and calls j
upon it. I believe it will be found to be abund- 1
antly sufficient, and more than sufficient; and that
it is'bad policy and bad economy to call out this
additional regiment.
Mr. WIGFALL. Mr. President, I am very
glad, coming from the quarter it does, to hear
some talk of economy. I had the pleasure, not
of reading, but of hearing, the programme or the
platform yesterday on the subject of administer-
ing this Government; and, as I comprehended it,
it was a protective tariff and a stupendous system
of internal improvements. I trust, that with the
views of economy and the early recollections of
the Senator from New Hampshire, when he was
among the faithful, he willabandon that party and
come back to the Democracy, and be in favor of
economy and retrenchment.
But, sir, he is afraid of increasing the Army.
This is no proposition to increase the Army. It
is a proposition simply to pass an appropriation
for a volunteer regiment that can be mustered out
of service, at any moment that it ceases to be use-
ful. There is to be incurred no extra expense in
transportation in moving these troops; they will
be mustered into service vipon the ground where
they are to operate. My reasons for desiring a
volunteer regiment instead of a regular regiment
I have stated already—not at length, but I have
stated them; and I do not intend to weary the pa-
tience of the Senate by recapitulating them.
Upon a line of frontier of a thousand miles,
there is now one company of cavalry, numbering
forty-seven men. This is from the Department
of War. At another post, some four or five hun-
dred miles distant, there is a company of cavalry
numbering fifty-three; and another of forty-nine.
Three companies of cavalry are upon that line of
defense, numbering, in all,one hundred and forty-
nine men. There are two hundred and ninety-
two other troops there—infantry and artillery.
We need troops there. There is a warnowgoing
on with the Navajoes in New Mexico, and all
the disposable forces that the Government has
will constantly be occupied there The northern
frontier of Texas is now in a state of war, with-
out troops to defend it.
1 ask this appropriation to carry out an exist-
ing law; and, if the Senate has any doubts as to
the views of the Administration, I will state that
this measure docs meet the approbation of the
Administration, and the reason that this regiment
has not long since been called into theiield,is the
feeling of embarrassment that the Administration
is laboring under, not desiring to order out the
regiment, though necessary, until an appropria-
*ion is made. I trust that this matter will not be
delayed. That frontier is pleading. Men are
murdered, women are outraged, and devastation
has swept that country with the besom of destruc-
tion. If it bad occurred upon the border of any
other State in this Union, the indignation which
would have been felt in every section would have
borne down any man who had opposed any ne-
cessary measure of protection; but I suppose they
think we are accustomed to being murdered. It
is only the day before yesterday that I received
news that four habitations had then, and just then,
been destroyed. All of those four families were
killed, saving and except two women, who had
been carried off, and, after being outraged in a
manner that it is impossible here to explain, were
stripped and allowed to come back home without
a vestige of clothing upon them. It is useless to
order United States troops there for this sort of
warfare, if we hail them to spare. I have no ac-
curate statement as to the number of troops now in
the Army, and I cannot furnish the Scnatorfrom
New Hampshire with it; but this regiment is to
be called out temporarily. The men are to be
under the articles of war. It is not to be an ir-
regular volunteer force. They are to be mustered
into the service of the United States, and under the
control of the United States Government, and it
is not obnoxious to the danger apprehended by
the Senator from New Hampshire, that it is an
increase, of the Army. 1 will not debate it any
more. I trust the proposition may be adopted
without any extended discussion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, it will be
recollected that some two years ago, when there
was a discussion here with reference to the sup-
posed war that was to take place in Utah, there
was a deficiency bill of about ten or more million
brought in, providing not only for deficiencies
which had been incurred, but providing ahead for
the support of the Army of the United States in
Utah for about a year, in addition to the fiscal
year for which we were then regularly appropii-
i atmg, under the idea that it was probable that wo
I should have to keep troops in Utah for a certain
