I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
515
Laws of the United, States.
36th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Sec. 4. And be it farther enacted, That this act
may at any time be altered, amended,or repealed
by the Congress of the United States.
Approved, June 19, 1860.
Chap. CLXVIII.—An Act for the Relief of
Samuel H. Taylor.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Am trie a in Congress
assembled, That there be allowed and paid, out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, to Samuel H.Taylor, the sum of two
hundred and seventy dollars for extra service per-
formed by him as messenger In the office of the
Third Auditor of the Treasury, from June, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-three, to September, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-five.
Approved, June 21, 1860.
other lands in said State, for the use of public
schools, in lieu of the lands herein granted.
Approved, June 21, 1860.
Chap. CLXIX.—An Act for the Relief of Cas-
sius M. Clay.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he hereby is, directed, out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise approptiated, to pay
to Cassius M. Clay the sum of five hundred and
thirty-three dollars and twenty cents, for the
amount of a judgment, costs, and interest, recov-
ered against him by one Eiiza Bowles for tres-
pass in executing a military order of his superior
officer, in eighteen hundred and forty-six, together
with interest from the first of October, eighteen
hundred and forty-eight, the date of payment of
said judgment, costs, and interest.
Approved, June 21, I860.
Chap.CLXXIII.—An Act for the Relief of Philip
B. Holmes and William Pedrich.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, authorized and directed to pay
to Philip B! Holmes and William Pedrich, out of
, any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
; priated, the sum of three thousand dollars, for the
invention of a machine for cutting raw hides into
strips for making hide ropes for the use of the
Navy of the United States: Provided, That the
United States shall be authorized hereafter to use
said machine free of any charge by claimants,
their heirs, or assignees.
Approved, June 21, 1860.
Chap. CLXX.—An Act for the Relief of the heirs
or legal representatives of the estate of Charles
H. Mason.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of Hie United States of America in Congress
assembled. That there be paid, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to
the heirs or legal representatives of the estate of
Charles H. Mason, UfeSecretary of the Territory
of Washington, the difference between the salary
of the Governor of said Territory and the Secre-
tary, daring the time that the Governor of said Ter-
ritory was absent from the Territory by permis-
sion of the President, and the duties of Governor
were discharged by said Charles H. Mason.
Approved, June 21, 1860.
Chap. CLXXIV.—An Act for the Relief of Peay
and Ayliffe.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Stales of America in Congress
assembled, That the Postmaster General be, and
he is hereby,-.authorized and directed to adjust
the accounts of Peay and Ayliffe, late contractors
on mail route number seven thousand five hun-
dred and three, in theState of Arkansas; and if it
appears, from, evidence adduced by said Peay and
Ayliffe, on the files of the Department, that the
said contractors, in consequence of the weight
of the mails, were compelled, between the first
J uly, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, and fifteenth
day of June, eighteen hundred and fifty-seven, to
perform extra service, not contemplated in, or
covered by, their contract, then the accounts of
said contractors for such extra service shall be
audited and paid, at a fair rate of compensation,
out of any money m the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated.
Approved, June 21, 1860.
Chap. CLXXI.—An Act for the Relief of Mar-
garet Whitehead.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House cf Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he is hereby, authorized and required to place
the name of Margaret Whitehead, widow of Wil-
liam Whitehead, late a boatswain in the Navy of
the United States, on the pension roll, and cause
her to be paid the sum of ten dollars per month,
from the ninth day of April, eighteen hundred
and fifty-four, during widowhood.
Approved, June 21, 1860.
Chap. CLXXI1.—An Act for the Relief of Eben
S. Hanscomb.
Be it enacted by Ike Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Stules of America in Congress
assembled, That Eben S. Hanscomb be, and he is
hereby, authorized to enter the southeast quarter
of section sixteen, township twenty-eight north,
range twenty-four west, in the district of lands
subject to sale at Forest City, State ofMit'.nesota,
upon the payment by said Hanscomb of tile usual
minimum of one dollar and twenty-five cents per
acre; and the Commissioner of the General Land
Office is directed to issue a patent on said entry:
Provided, however, That no bona fide claim, or
right of any other parties, or of the State of Min-
nesota to said land, shall be in anywise prejudiced
or affected by the terms of this act, until their as-
sent shall have first been obtained.
Sec. 2. And be it farther enacted, That the su-
perintendent of public schools in the State of Min-
nesota is authorized to select an equal quantity of
Chap. CLXXY.—An Act for the Relief of Emilie
G. Jones, executrix of Thomas P. Jones, de-
ceased, and Nancy M. Johnson, administra-
trix of Walter R. Johnson, deceased.
Be U enacted by (he Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Slates of Americain Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he hereby is, directed, out of any money in
,, the Treasury not otherwise approptiated, to pay
j; to Emilie G. Jones, executrix of Thomas P. Jones,
lj deceased, the sum of two thousand two hundred
!; and fifty dollars, in full for the services of the said
ii Thomas P. Jones as a member of the board of
ji examiners, appointed by the Secretary of the
Navy, under the pro' isions of the act ot Con-
i gress approved March third, eighteen hundred
,i and forty-three, entitled "An act to modify the
j| act entitled ' An act to provide for the better secu-
! ntv of the lives of passengers on board of vessels
i propelled in whole or in part by steam,' " ap-
I proved July seventh, eighteen hundred and thirty-
1 eight.
| Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the Sec-
retary of the Tieasury be, and he hereby is, di-
' recteil, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, to pay to Nancy M. John-
son, administratrix of Walter R. Johnson, de-
ceased, the sum of two thousand two hundred and
fifty dollars in full for the services of the said
Walter R. Johnson, as a member of the board
of examiners, appointed by the Secretary of the
Navy, under the provisions of the act of Congress
approved March three, eighteen hundred and for-
ty-three, entitled "An act to modify the act enti-
tled 'An act to provide for the better security of
the lives of passengers on board of vessels pro- |
pelied in whole oi in part by steam," approved ;
July seven, eighteen hundred and thirty-eight. |
Appp.oved, June 21, 1860. j
Chap. CLXXVI. —An Act for the Relief of!
Chauncey W. Fuller.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he is hereby, authorized and directed to place
the name of Chauncey W. Fuller upon the in-
valid pension rolls, at the rate of eight dollars per
month, to commence on the first day of April,
eighteen hundred and fifty-eight, and to continue
during his natural life.
Approved, June 21, 1860.
Chap..CLXXVII.—Aii Act to confirm certain
Private Land Claims in the State of Missouri.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Stales of Americain Congress
assembled, That the decisions in favor of certain
claimants hereinafter mentioned, made by the re-
corder of land titles in the State of Missouri, and
the two commissioners associated with him, by
virtue of an act entitled "An act for the final ad-
justment of private land claims in Missouri,"
approved July nine, eighteen hundred and thirty-
two, and an act supplemental, thereto, approved
March two, eighteen hundred and thirty-three,
as entered in the transcript of decisions trans-
mitted by the recorder and commissioners to the
Commissioner of the General Land Office, which
decisions are named and numbered as follows,
to wit: Israel Dodge, number two hundred and
eighty-eight; Walter Fenwick, number three
hundred and thirty-nine; and Mackey Wherry,
number eighty-six; said claims having been by
said board' reported in the first class, and recom-
mended for confirmation, be, and the same are
hereby, confirmed to the respective claimants
aforesaid, or their legal representatives, to the ex-
tent recommended by said recorder of land titles
and commissioners, that is, to Israel Dodge, or
his legal representatives, seven thousand and fifty-
arpents; to Walter Fenwick, or his legal repre-
sentatives, ten thousand arpents; and to Mackey
Wlierry, or his legal representatives, sixteen
hundred arpents.
Sec. 2. And be it farther enacted, That in case
either of the claims confirmed by this act, or any
part thereof, has not been located or surveyed,
or cannot be located or satisfied, either for want
' of a specific location prior to this confirmation,
' or because the land upon which the same is lo-
cated has been otherwise disposed of by the Gen-
eral Government, it shall be the duty of the sur-
veyor general of the district, upon proof satis-
factory to him that such claim has been confirmed,
and that the same, in whole or in part, has not,
and cannot be satisfied for the reasons aforesaid,
or from any cause, to issue to the claimants, or
their legal representatives, a certificate of location
for a quantity of land equal to that so confirmed
and unsatisfied, which certificate may be located
upon any of the public lands of the United States
subject to sale at private entry, at a pribe not ex-
ceeding one dollar and twenty-five cents per acre:
Provided, That such location shall conform to the
legal divisions and subdivisions as provided by-
law.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted. That the
register of the proper land office upon the location
of such certificate, shall issue to the person en-
titled thereto a certificate of entry; upon which,
if it shall appear to the satisfaction of the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office that such
certificate has been fairly obtained, a patent shall
issue, as in other cases.
Approved, June 21, 1860.
Chap. CLXXVIII.—An Act to repeal the sec-
ond section and other portions of an Act passed
the second day of .Tune, eighteen hundred and
fifty-eight, entitled "An Act to provide for the
location of certain confirmed Private Land
Claims m the State of Missouri, and for other
purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Stales of Americain Congress
assembled, That the second section of an act
passed the second day of June, one thousand
eight hundred and fifty-eight, entitled "An act to
provide Air the location of certain confirmed pri-
vate land claims m the State of Missoun, and for
other purposts," and ail other parts of said act
which relate to lands in Louisiana, confirmed by
said second section, (so far as said lands art1 con-
cerned,) be, and the same are hereby, repealed.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That Con-
gress hereby refuses to confirm to the claimants
under the Houmas grant, the lands embraced in
