942
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
v'.- under such circumstances? I ask Senators on the
;"£•' other side of the Chamber, as well as those on
.-J this side, can we act under such circumstances?
Mr. DAVIS. It is disagreeable for me to refer
' ' to it; but it is known that a domestic affliction has
invaded the house.of the Secretary of War within
a short period; and feelings of delicacy and pro-
r.-, pripty, that I need not refer to, show a probable
■ i cause for his delay.
S'; Mr. FESSENDEN. There are others con-
*nected with the Department who could furnish
-t, the information. Every one knows that. I should
be sorry for anything of that sort; but it is un-
necessary to mention it. The information sought
- for could be obtained if we asked for it, and the
: Department were disposed to give it. However,
sir, I am not disposed to say anything further on
the subject. I have expressed my views generally,
" " and not in a party point of view, as was suggested
!" by the Senator from Mississippi; although I gave
notice that, as a party, we should defend ourselves
from being held responsible for the action of others,
which we have not been always able to avoid;
and that, I take it, is justifiable.
One word to the honorable Senator from Ken-
tucky with regard to the remark I dropped with
reference to the course which the State of Maine
took. That course, I believe, was justified by the
result. Maine was substantially invaded in the
depth of winter. She took immediate measures
to protect her territory. She did not go out of
her own territory; she committed no outrage.
Most of her bills were paid. If Texas, under like
pressure, should do the same thing, I presume
there would be no objection to her bills being paid.
I believe the difficulties have been with these
southern volunteers generally, that it costs so
much more to support them than it does regular
troops; and so it is even with northern men, when
called into service, that there has been some ques-
tion about the amount of the bills. There is the
trouble in regard to theirpending elaimsagainst the
Government at the present time.
But, leaving that, I hold, as I say to the hon-
orable Senatorfrom Kentucky-that, when a State
is invaded, especially when its citizens are killed
and its towns burned and its fields ravaged, no
State is bound to wait the tardy action of this
Government in providing a remedy. They must
of necessity, if need be, take it into their own
hands; and if the Government does not choose
to adopt their action, they being responsible for
the propriety of that action and its reasonable
chaiacier, they must bear the burden themselves.
But, sir, theie has never yet been a case under
this Government, and I believe there never will
be, where, when a State confines itself to action
according to the necessity of the case and that
alone, this Government has ever refused, in the
end, to do justice to it. Its action may be slow,
but it is always sure
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, it seems to me
that the discussion has brought us to this point:
Texas is invaded; outrages are being perpetrated
on her borders every day; Cortinas is at the head
of his band, laying waste the country, burning the
houses, murdering the men, outraging the women,
and devastating the whole border of Texas. This
state of things cannot last. These outrages must
be stopped. If the Federal Government does not
do it, Texas will have to do it herself; and then
we shall halve to foot the bill. The question there-
foreis, shall the hostilities upon the frontier be
carried on by a State of the Union whose troops
will not be under the authority of the Federal
Government, and then we foot the bill, or shall
we ourselves furnish the means of defense, and
have it within oar own control? I think the Gov-
ernment tails to perform its duty if tt does not act
when the necessity is plain and urgent, and ad-
mits ot no delay. You are in danger of war be-
tween the two conn tries, growing out of the neces-
sity ot I exas Io defend herself. Texas rangers
will beplaet d uponthat frontier. They will either
be there under the authority of the Federal Gov-
ernment andsueject to our orders and regulations,
or thoy will be there on their own hook.' I think,
sir, we had belter muster them into the service,
place Ihem under the articles of war, where wc
can lestiain and control theni, and then let them ,
defend the frontier. It is very ccrtain that we shall :
have to foot thebill in the end. In my judgment, jj
it is very certain that the expense will lie quite us j'
much if we leave them to take their own steps, as il
it will be if we take charge of it and perform the
duty ourselves.
For these reasons, sir, I shall support this bill.
We need the regiment. The Government have
no troops there of any adequate number, and are
not able to furnish them. The frontier is so ex-
posed to Indian ravages, that the great mass of
our troops are required elsewhere. If you with-
draw them from New Mexico, then only 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr Hamlin.)
It is made the duty of the Chair, as he under-
stands the rules, to call up the bill to grant to
every person who is the head of a family one hun-
dred and sixty acres of land, commonly called the
homestead bill, which was assigned for two o 'clock
to-day.
PROPERTY IN TERRITORIES.
Mr. BROWN. With the indulgence of the
Senator who has the floor, and the Senator from
Tennessee, I propose to take up the subject on
which I desire to address the Senate, and get it
out of the way, by making it the special order
for Tuesday next, at half past one o'clock. I
do not feel well enough now to go on. I move to
postpone the further consideration of my own
resolutions until Tuesday next, at half past one
o'clock, and make them the special order for that
hour.
The motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES.
Several messages in writing were received from
the President of the United States, by Mr. James
Buchanan, jr., his Secretary.
THE HOMESTEAD BILL.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The homestead
bill is now regularly in order.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. For the pur-
pose of allowing the discussion to go on until the
present question be disposed of, I shall move to
postpone it; but I wish to indicate, at the same
time, great anxiety for action on the homestead
bill. 1 propose that it be made the special order
for two o'clock on Wednesday next. To-morrow
is private bill day, and for Monday and Tuesday
of next week there aie other special orders. I
make this motion with no disposition to postpone
the homestead bill, but simply to expedite it, and
keep that bill before the Senate in such a shape
that it will have definite action at the earliest day
practicable.
The motion was agreed to.
MILITARY ACADEMY BILL.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Military
Academy appropriation bill is now before the Sen-
ate, the question being on the amendment of the
Senator from Texas.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I have only a few words
more to say. I hold that it is the duty of this
Government to preserve peace on the borders and
repel these aggressions. I hold that we ought not
to wait, after we are notified of the necessity, for
the States to act separately and on their own re-
snonsibility When, a few years ago, the State
of Maine was invaded, Congress at once placed
$10,000,000, and I believe fifty thousand men, at
the disposal of the Federal Government, to repel
that invasion and maintain our frontier. We
acted promptly. Prompt action is now required
here. An irregular war is going on. The hos-
tilities will continue; the outrages will be con-
tinued; and you will have war with Mexico, if
you do not act promptly, by putting the forces
there under regular authority. The question sim-
ply is, whether the troops shall act under the au-
thority of this Government, or under the au-
thority of Texas; for Texas must place them
there if we do not; and we must foot the bills,
and take the consequences of their action.
Why not, then, pass this measure at once?
The Federal Army is not large enough to enable
it to perform the duty. We must employ volun-
teers. I believe one regiment of Texan rangers
would be worth half a dozen regiments of regu-
lars for that service. I believe they will strike
more terror into Mexico, and have a greater moral
effect. Still,! should like to see them restrained by
the rules and articles of war and under the author-
ity of the Federal Government, instead of being
put undei the authority of the State of Texas. I
think ins a Federal duty. The Army ought to be
under Federal authority; and inasmuch as these
troops are to be used, and to be used at once, the
question is whether we shall allow the State of
Texas to make war on her own account, or
whether we shall perform our duty by protecting
her from invasion and from desolation ? These
are the considerations which will control my
vote, and I hope we shall pass the bill at once.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I only wish to say a
word in explanation, and not to continue the ar-
gument. My complaint was, that we were not
informed upon this subject, in the manner neces-
sary to authorize us to take any legislative action.
I supposed that the President of the United States
ought to be well informed on this subject, and I
presumed that, being well informed, he would
have taken the necessary measures for the de-
fense of the territory of the United States. He
not having made any communication—I did not
undertake to do the President any injustice or to
make any charge against him—I understood that
gentlemen were precipitate in the motion which
they had made, that they should rather wait for
the regular official communication to be made by
the Executive. I treated of thePresident's conduct,
and of theirs, altogether hypothetically, doing no
injustice to either I did not intend to make, and
did not make, any accusation against the Presi-
dent. I did not charge him with a failure of duty.
I supposed that troops under his orders might
be now marching to the very point of defense. I
supposed if he wanted this regiment he would
say so. I did not charge him with a breach of
his duty, because I do not know what his inform-
ation was. We now probably have it, and I
gladly relieve the Senate from any further debate
on this subject, on my part, in this hope and ex-
pectation.
One word more to my friend from Maine, who
reminds me that it is the right of a State, whenever
she is invaded,her townsburnt.lier people killed,
to defend herself. I think so too, and I think re-
sistance might be justified before all that had been
done. I only made a general remark on the true
policy of this Government to anticipate all neces-
sity for the States, in their own defense, engag-
ing in war. That is what I said, and that it was
no matter of boast to a State that she had been
precipitate upon this subject, and indulged her
courage or rather her license; that that was not to
be encouraged, but to be rebuked and checked by
this Government. I admit to the fullest extent the
right of self-defense, and I am sure the Senator
and I would not differ on this question. We can-
not allow ourselves to be drawn into war for any
and every cause by every State which is coterm-
inous with a foreign Power.
Mr. DAVIS. Whilst I do not, Mr. President,
intend to accept the defiance of the Senator from
Maine 
Mr. FESSENDEN. Allow me one moment
personally. My remarks seem to be misunder-
stood. In what I said I did not mean it to be
taken for granted that all these things did exist,
but I was saying that on the assumption on the
o'therside that they did, we should hear from the
proper authorities. My natural inference would
be the same as that of the Senator from Kentucky,
that not hearing from the proper authorities on
this subject, the facts did not warrant the pro-
posed action.
Mr. DAVIS. The Senator modifies it so far,
that I have less to say than I supposed was in-
cumbent on me. I will only say that the case
presented to us is, whether we shall proceed in
an irregular manner, and before we have inform-
ation from the. Executive Department. There
has been a delay, I admit. I take it for granted
a portion of that delay is due to the cause which
I suggested. Another portion of it is very prob-
ably due to the fact that the Executive Department •
has not considered the case so urgent as it is es-
teemed by some to be. I would not be willing,
however, to allow the debate to close under tiie
supposition that the Executive had been held
censurable, and that no one had defended him.
At the same time, it is due to myself to say that
if I considered him censurable, I should not at-
tempt to defend him, and would be as ready to
censure him as anybody on the other side. I will
not give to party what I was intrusted with for
the benefit of ray country. If I find the Execu-
tive censurable, I am willing to join in the cen-
sure. I object to censuring'him'before cause is
shown.
