944
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1.
runtil that committee report upon the subject. For
myself, I am "willing to vote all that is necessary
•, to defend Texas, or any other State, against inva-
sion from Mexico, or from any other country—
to vote all the men and all the money that is
, necessary; but so long as,that question is pending
before theCommittee on Military Affairs, it seems
to me that we cannot vote advisedly on this prop-
osition until that committee reports, and the evi-
dence is furnished to the Senate. I do not desire,
therefore, that this question should be pressed
now to an immediate vote, and I move that the
further consideration of this bill and the amend-
' linent be postponed until W ednesday of next week,
and in the mean time we may get this report.
Mr. WIGFALL. I ask the Senator from Mis-
sissippi, the chairman of the Military Committee,
? * who states that they are waiting for an answer
from the War Department, when the request for
information was made?
Mr. DAVIS. I cannot state the date. It was
some time since, though.
Mr. WIGFALL. Cannot you come within a
stone's throw of it?
Mr. DAVIS. Your colleague says about the
last of December.
Mr. HEMPHILL. The bill was introduced
by myself, 1 think, on the 22d of December, and
referred first to the Committee on Finance, and by
that committee it was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs about the last of December,
and I suppose immediate application was made to
the Department for information on the subject.
Mr. DAVIS. Generally, after a bill is referred
on which information is required, it is sent to the
War Office. If it requires information from that
Department, only a few days would intervene.
The yiCE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the motion to postpone until "Wednesday of next
week.
Mr. GAVIN. So far as I am concerned, I have
no objection to the postponement, or the reference
of this subject to the Military Committee. 1 am
very sorry that the amendment has been offered
to this bill. I was requested by the chairman of
the Committee on Finance to report the bill to the
Senate and secure its passage at as early a day as
possible. It is the duty of'the Finance Commit-
tee to get clear of general appropriation bills as
rapidly as possible, when they arc sent to us from
the House of Representatives. It seems to me
that if the bill is to be postponed, it had better be
referred to the Military Committee and let them
bring it back on Wednesday next. We have spe-
cial orders for Monday, Tuesday, and Wednes-
day; and the question is, whether we can get this
bill up for final action ? If it is to go over at all
from to-day, if we cannot get a final disposition
of the bill now, it seems to me it had better go to
the Military Committee, so that they can bring it
back. My only objection to the postponement is
that I wish action on the appropriation bill which
has been placed in my charge. I am willing to
take a vote on the amendment, and if it is attached
to this appropriation bill I am willing to let it go
to the Military Committee for examination. They
may prepare some amendments to it. My impres-
sion is, that if it is voted on the bill it can then be
referred to the Military Committee for examina-
tion.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I hope it will not be post-
poned. _ We see already that it must go over for
a week if it is. I think we had better vote now.
The motion to postpone was not agreed to.
Mr. GWIN.- Now let us have a vote on the
amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN called for the yeas and nays; J
and they were ordered. I
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. Inasmuch as I am forced j
to vote upon a question in regard to which the I
Senate has not before it the information necessary {
in an official form, but it is based entirely on news- !
paper reports, I shall be compelled, under the cir- j
cumstances, to vote against the amendment. I
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, the Senators j
from Texas come into this Chamber and repre- j
sent that several hundred miles of the frontiers of
that State are invaded by robber bands from Mex-
ico, that persons are murdered, that houses are
burnt, and that a military force ought to be raised
or sent there for the defense of that State. The
Governor of Texas, whose opinionswe allknow—
for in this body he advocated the extension of a
protectorate over Mexico—has, as has been ad-
mitted on this floor, asked for a force for the pro-
tection of his State. Now, sir, we have the Gov-
ernor of that State asking for protection; wcTiave
the Senators from that State making that demand
upon this floor.
It is said that we have not these facts officially.
I take it these factsare well known. I have made
up my mind to vote for this appropriation; and if
there be any responsibility upon me for that, I am
ready to take it. I shall vote for it because it is
asked by the representatives <jf that State upon
this floor, upon a statement of facts known to
them. I shall vote for it because I understand the
Governor of that State has madethis demand; and
Ishall voteforit, too,because, if these statements
as to the facts be true—and I do not doubt them—
the present Administration has neglected the duty
it owes to the country, and grossly neglected that
duty; but I shall not fail to do my duty because
this Administration has failed to do its duty. Sir,
the Administration is responsible for the defense
of the country. I do not know, and I am not
aware that anybody knows, why the small mili-
tary force stationed at Brownsville—a force abso-
lutely necessary at that point—was removed. I
do not know, and I am not aware that anybody
knows, why a proper military force has not been
kept upon that frontier. The public press has
been filled for weeks with these rumors. I have
no doubt that outrages, and great outrages, have
been committed. I do not believe that the people
of Texas will continue for weeks and months
longer to submit to them. They will call out a
force; and if the Government docs not protect
them, they ought to call out a force for the pro-
tection of the lives and property of their people.
If the Government neglects its duty, the people of
Texas ought not to neglect their own defense.
They will call out a force; they will command that
force; and, with the public sentiment upon that
frontier, with the opinions entertained by the pres-
ent Governor of that State, I shall not be surprised
to see that military force pass the line of Mexico,
and see this country involved in a war with that
Republic; and I am not at all clear that that is not
the wish of persons connected with the Govern-
ment of this country.
I do not think it worth while for us to stand
upon the technical points here. Because the Ad-
ministration has neglected to defend a State of
this Union, or neglected to put information before
us, I do not think it worth while for the Congress
of the United States to fail to meet the obligations
devolving on it. With these views, I intend to
vote for this appropriation; and if there be respons-
ibility for it, I am ready to take it. I believe
that the Government, in this matter, has not done
its duty. In fact, I believe the whole military
department of this Government, for the last three
years, has been most grossly mismanaged. Take
the sending of the Army to Utah. It was sent
there under circumstances and under management
that, instead of repressing the Mormons, has built
up the Mormons. The Mormons are growing
wealthy upon the fact thatyour Army is stationed
there. The Army ought to be removed from there.
The force ought to be placed on the frontiers,
where it is necessary for defense.
These are my views. We are called upon to
make this appropriation. The Senators from
Texas demand it here; and I know that if these
outrages were perpetrated in my State and the
Government neglected it, I should press these de-
mands on the Government here. Relying, then, i
sir, on this statement of facts, believing that the '
Government of the country has not taken care of j
the frontiers of the State of Texas as it ought to
have done, but has neglected its duty, 1 shall vote
for this appropriation for the defense of the front- |
ier of that State. I
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, I have listened I
to my friend from Massachusetts, as I always do, i
and I appreciate his argument; hut I confess that !|
it has had an exactly contrary effect on my mind Ij
from what it has had on his. He is going to vote ||
these $1,100,000 into the hands of the Admmistra- j
tion, because he believes them incompetent, in- i]
efficient, wanting in the discharge of their duties, il
and neglectful of the interests of Texas. That is ! J
the reason why I shall vote against it. I believe H
just as the Senator does exactly, and perhaps, if j!
anything, a little more so; but instead of that fart I i
inducing mo to vote them money to spend, it in-
duces me to withhold it.
I know it is a very unpopular tiling- to stand up
here and vote against Texas; but, by the blessing
of God and the favor of my constituents, I have
got as high a place in the country as I want, and
I am going to do as I please. I shall vote against
all such appropriations, until I am satisfied that
the present condition of the Army is not suffi-
cient. What on earth have we got this Army
for? What are they doing? Every time there is
anything on earth to do, as I said before, and I
do not know but what I may have to say it again,
you want an increase. I think, sir, we have now
twenty thousand men in the Army, and this is
the only speck of war that I know of. We have
twenty thousand men, and we are asked for an
increase of another regiment, and J understand
the Administration have not requested it. Last
and least of all, am I willing to vote it in the pres-
ent state of things.
I have too much respeefrfor the chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs to vote this money.
I know that the vote which he gave just now
against referring this bill and amendment to the
Committee on Military Affairs—I say I know; I
do not know it, but I have no doubt, I am satisfied
in my own mind—that that vote was the vote of a
modest gentleman who was not willing to grasp
jurisdiction to his own committee, instead of ex-
pressing the sound views of a statesman. If it
had been any other committee in the world, I
think the chairman of the Committee on Military
Affairs would have voted for the reference. Where
is the necessity of this hot haste? Why cannot
we treat this as we do anything else that we have
referred to a committee and that they have under
consideration ? While it is pending before them,
the Senate on the motion of a member of the body,
without the recommendation of any committee or
the suggestion of any Department, or the recom-
mendation of the Executive, undertake to forestall
the judgment of the committee, take the thing nut
of their hands, and vote upon a measure which
they arc now deliberating upon. I shall voto
against it, and I shall not make a long speech; but
if the amendment is adopted, I want to go further.
I hope the Senate will indulge me if this amend-
ment is adopted, as I suppose it will be, with tho
yeas and nays upon tl«e other branch of the bill.
I want to vote against appropriating another dol-
lar to the West Point Academy. 1 am as radical
as that. Put on the amendment and I shall vote
against the bill; keep it off and I shall vote against
it; and 1 want the yeas and nays. I remember
the first time I had the honor of a seat in the other
House of Congress, which was in 1843, I sub-
mitted the following resolution to the House of
Representatives:
"That the national Military Acadcmy at West Point
ought to he abolished; that the Committee on Military Af-
fairs be Instructed to report to this House a bill lepeahnjj
all luwb establishing or continuing the same, and appiopn-
aumj tue money now requhed to sustain that institution to
the diffusion of imhtaiy instruction in the different States
and Territories."
A motion was made to lay that resolution upon
the table, upon which the yeas were 07, a d~the
nays were 70; so that, according to the recorded
opinions of that House in 1843, there were seventy
members in favor of withholding all supplies for
that academy. I think it is an anomaly. It is
unjust and unnecessary. I do not know of any
more right or obligation or justice in educating
officers of the Army at the public expense, than
in educating lawyers, clergymen, mechanics, or
manufacturers of any sort: and I will venture fur-
ther, to say, that this course which I deemed it
my duty to take in the House of Representatives
some seventeen years ago, was done in accord-
ance with the recommendation and instruction of
the Democratic Legislature of the State of Sew
Hampshire; a State whose Democracy at that
time was considered of so high a quality that I
remember having been complimented when I tirst
took a seat in the lower House, by being told by
a southern gentleman very complacently that they
looked then on New Hampshire as the South Car-
olina of the North. [Laughter.] At the time
when New Hampshire occupied that enviable posi-
tion in the ranks of the Democratic paitv, as to
be entitled to be considered the South Carolina of
the Noi til, she instiueted her Representatives and
Senators, by a very decisive vote, to withhold all
supplies and all appropriation for the Military
