532
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
36th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Appropriations, Neio Offices, c£c.
By the act for the relief of Charles James Lan-
man.
For his services and expenses while acting as a receiver
of the United States land office at Monroe, Michigan,
from eighteen hundred and twenty-three to eighteen
hundred and thirty-one  1
By the act for the relief of Guadalupe Estudillo
de Arguello, widow of Santiago de Arguello.
For lo*se?of property sustained l>y liim during the period
of such service, and m consequence tlieieof, $14,888 00
By the act for the relief of Israel Johnson.
To pay to Israel Johnson, of Cass county, Indiana, for ex-
penses incurred by order of the commissioners to make
a treaty with the Miami tribe of Indians, m eighteen
hundred and thirty-three .$570 00
By the act for the relief of Shade Calloway.
For work done by him on the Tennessee river, under his
contract with Brevet Lieutenant Colonel J. McClel-
land, dated the sixteenth of September, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-three, according to the account approved
and certified by the agent placed in charge of said work
at the death of the said officer ,$1,350 00
By the act for the relief of the legal represent-
atives of live deceased clerks in the Philadel-
phia custom-house.
To pay the legal lepresentatives of David Gibson, John 13.
Shufl, Eli Valette, William Hiyarit, and C. G. Treiehei,
deceased, late clerks hi the Philadelphia custom-house,
the sum due them, ie«peetively, for airears of compen-
sation, as per certified statement of s-aul custom-house^
payable out of the balance ot the surplus emoluments ot
the collector, erroneously deposited, and still remaining
in the Treasury, in like manner as the other eight sur-
viving clerks in said eustom-houve were paid their ar-
rears ot compen>ation accruing during the game peiiod,
and under the same circumstance.', as per report of tne
Fi%t Comptroller, dated seventh March, eighteen hun- j
dred and forty-six, approved by the Secretary 9* _the I
Treasury     $9,b95 37
By the act for the relief of W. Y. Hanscll, the
heirs of *VV. H. Underwood, and the repre-
sentatives of Samuel Rockwell.
To pay the balance of the sum of sixty thousand dollars
reserved in the treaty between the United States and the
Cheroke nation, (negotiated on the twenty-ninth of De-
cember, eighteen hundred and thirn-/ne,) for the pay-
ment ot said claims,and misapplied by the commission-
ers of the United States to the payment of other
claims   $30,000 00
By the act for the relief of the Missionary So-
ciety of the Methodist Episcopal Church.
For all claim to the land embraced within the limits of the
military reservation at the Dalles, in Oregon Territory,
and of all claim foi damages for destruction of property
on or near the said land by the United States troops or
volunteers, or Indians, at any time anterior to the date of
said release   $20,000 00
By the act for the relief of Anson Dart.
To pay Anson Dart, late superintendent of Indian affairs in
the Territory of Oregon, the sum of four thousand dollars
per annum, deducting theretrom twenty-five hundred
dollars per annum, already received, for the time he
served as such superintendent, being from the first day
of July, eighteen hundred and fifty, to the fourth day of
May, eighteen hundred and fifty-three [Indefinite.]
For all moneys paid and expenses incurred by
him for the use and benefit of the Government,
for the services of an extra assistant clerk six
months, and for the board of the India^inter-
preters employed by him during his term of
office as superintendent as aforesaid [Indefinite.]
By the act for the relief of John Brannan.
For extia services as librarian in said department from the
fifteenth of September, eighteen hundred and fifty-eight,
to the fifteenth ot January, eighteen hundred and fifty-
nine, being at the rate of four dollars per da>, after de-
ducting the pay received by him as an employe during
said time   • • • .$280 00
By the act for the relief of R. W. Clarke.
For extra services performed by him in said office as clerk,
from January one, eighteen hundred and fifty-one, to Oc-
tober one, eighteen hundred and fifty-one §225 00
By the act for the relief of David Myerle.
For losses, sacrifices, and expenses incurred by him in test-
ing and establishing the practicability and safety of the
process of water-rotting hemp, under the direction of the
Navy Department $30,000 00
By the act for the relief of J. R. Crump.
For his" expenses in returning from Santa Fe, m eighteen
hundred and fiftv-uine, and for services, subsequently, in
aiding Supeiintendent E. F. Bealc in the preparation of
the official report of his wagon-road exploration..$750 00
By the act for the relief of James Phelan.
For his services in prosecuting Craig, indicted be-
fore the district Federal court of the United States for
the northern district of Mississippi, under the appoint-
ment of Hon. Samuel J. Gholson,on a charge ot robbing
lite United States mail   $"i50 00
By the act for the relief of the legal representa-
tives of Sylvester Day, late a surgeon in the
United States Army.
To pay to the legal representatives of the hue Sylvester
Day, a surgeon m the United States Army, in reimburse-
ment of that sum paid for medical services at Allegheny
arsenal   .*$426 00
By the act for the relief of Peter Rogerson & Son,
of St. John's, Newfoundland, owners of the
British brig Jessie.
For losses incurred by reason of the reselling of the pas-
sengers and crew of the American shipXoithumbeiiand,
in the month ot December, eighteen hunched and fifty-
seven, when in a sinking condition, and conveying them
to Cork, Ireland ^ ,7d8 75
By the act for the relief of Smith & Hunt, of
Toledo, Ohio.
For the amount paid by said Smith & Hunt as fieight and
charges on raihoad iron trans-ported while m bond from
New York city to Toledo, Ohio .yj.-'ipo 00
By the act for the relief of Maryctt Van Buskirk.
For forage, grain, cattle, and othei .supplies furnished to
the American Army by tiie late Thomas Van Bu.-kirk,
deceased, of Bergen county, State of New Jersey, during
tiie levolutionary war ■•$•>0.307 00
By the act for the relief of George P. Marsh.
For all claims he mav have on account vf special services
rendered by him in Greece in the years eighteen hundred
and fifty-two and eighteen hundred and tHty-turee, under
instructions from the State Department -59,000 00
By the act for the relief of Francis Daincse.
For all claims and demands of the said Francis Damese
upon the United State-, for his traveling, contingent, and
other expenses, as well a-* for losses Mi-uinrd by him,
in, and connected with, the consulate at Constanti-
nople ..$4,ti20 99
By the act for the relief of Anton L. C. Portman.
For his services as Dutch interpreter during the negotiation
of the treaty between the United States and the Empire
of Japan, from the preliminary preparations to the final
completion of-aid negotiations.. $3,000 00
By the act for the relief of Benjamin Sayre.
For work and labor under his contract with the United
States, bearing date December eight, eighteen hundred
and thirty-two, m section sixty-seven of the Cumber-
land road in Indiana, in the division east of Indianapo-
lis       «®s2,043 00
By the act for the relief of Samuel H. Taylor.
For extra service performed by him as messenger in the
office of tho Third Auditor of the Treasury from June,
eighteen hundred and fifty-three, to September, eighteen
hundred andfifty-five   $"370 00
By the act for the relief of Cassius M. Clay.
For the amount of a judgment, costs, and interest, recov-
ered against him by one Eliza Bowles foi trespass in
executing a military order of his superior officer in eigh-
teen hundred and forty-six, together with interest from
the first of October, eighteen hundicd and foity-eight,
the date of payment of said judgment, costs, and inter-
est  $533 20
By the act for the relief of the heirs or legal rep-
resentatives of the estate of Charles H. Mason.
For the dilTeience between the salary of the Governor of
the Territory of Washington and the secretary during the
time that the Governor of saidTeintoiv was absent trom
the Teiritory by permission of the President, and the
duties of Governor weie dischaiged by said Charles H.
Mason [Indefinite,]
By the act for the relief of Philip B. Holmes and
;j William Pedrich.
,! For the invention of a machine for cutting raw hides into
'! strips for making hide ropes for the use of the Navy of
the United State* §3.000 00
By the act for the relief of Peay and AylifFe.
To enable the Postmaster General to adjust the accounts
ofPeay and Ayhrfe. late contractors on mail route num-
ber seven thousand five hundred and three, m the State
of Atkan^as; and Kit appears fiom evidence produced
by said Peay and Ajhft'e, or on the hies of the Depart-
ment, tiint the said contractors, m consequence of the
weight oi the mail-, were compelled, between the first
July, eighteen hundred and tifty-four, and fifteenth day
ot June, eighteen hundred and hftv-i-cven, to perform
e\tra seivice, not contemplated in. or covered by, their
contiact, then the account-. <>f paid contractors lor such
evfra ser-ice shall he audited and paid at a fair rate of
compensation      [Indefinite.!
By the act for the relief of Emilie Gr. Jones, ex-
ecutrix of Thomas P. Jones, deceased, and
Nancy M. Johnson, administratrix of Walter
R. Johnson, deceased.
For the services of the said Thomas P. Jones, as a member
of the board of examiners, appointed by the Secretary of
the Navy, under the provisions of the act of Congress
approved March third, eighteen hundred and forty-three,
entitled " An act to modify the act entitled < An act to
provide for the better security of the lives of passengers
on board of vessels propelled in whole or in part by
steam,'" approved July seventh, eighteen hundred ana
thirty-eight S^O 00
For the scrviccs of the said Waiter R. Johnson,
as a member of the hoard of exammeis, ap-
pointed by the Secretary of the Navy, under
the provisions of the act of Congress approved
March three, eighteen hundred and forty-three,
entitled " An act to modify the act entitled
4 An act to provide for the better security of
the lives of passengeis on board of vessels
propelled in whole or m part by steam,*" ap-
proved July seven, eighteen hundred and thir-
ty-eight     9,250 00
$4,500 00
By the act for the relief of the California Stage
Company.
For extra services performed on routes numbers twelve
thousand five hundred and forty-five and twelve thou-
sand five hundred and thirty-five, in California, for four
years ending June thirty, eighteen hundred and fifty-
eight [Indefinite.]
By the act to authorize the settlement of the ac-
counts of Edward Ely, deceased, late consul of
the United States at Bombay, on principles of
justice and equity.
To settle upon principles of justice and equity the accounts
of Edward Ely, deceased,late consul of the United States
at Bombay, and to pay to the legal representatives of the
said decedent whatsoever sum shall appear to be due
the said decedent upon the settlement of the said ac-
count    [Indefinite.]
By the act for the relief of David Waldo.
For the amount of damages awarded by the report of the
quartermaster general of the United States Army for the
non-fulfillment on the part of the Government of a con-
tract made with him in May, eighteen hundred and
fifty, for delivering corn at Fort Laramie, and the pay-
ment of which is recommended by the Secretary of
War §9,936 00
By the act for the relief of Mrs. A. W. Angus,
widow of the late Captain Samuel Angus,
United States Navy.
For the amount of pay which he would have received if
he had remained in the Navy, from the date of his dis-
missal to the date of his death, at the same rate lie was
drawing when dismissed    .[Indefinite.]
By the act for the relief of Sheldon McKnight.
For carrying the United States mail from Cleveland, Ohio,
and Detroit, Michigan, to Mackinaw, Sauit Ste. Marie,
Marquette, Copper Harbor, Eagle Harbor, Eagle River,
and Ontonagon, Michigan, LaPointe and Superior, Wis-
consin, during the years from eighteen hundted and forty-
nine to eighteen hundred and fifty-seven, inclusive, m
all cases where it is shown to the satisfaction of the
Postmaster General tbats-aid mail was earned by author-
ity of the postmasters or agents ot the Post Office De-
partment, and without a contract with said Department,
an amount equal per trip to that now allowed by the
Department for the same service, deducting therefrom
the amount heretofore paid [Indefinite.]
By the act for the relief of E. George Squier, of
New York.
For outfits to the Republics of Central America, and bal-
ance of salary due him as minister of the United States
to .said Republics $0,037 00
By the act for the relief of EH "VV. Goff.
For expenses actually incuired by luni in his efforts
faithfully to execute the icvenue laws of tne United
States S ,5U0 uu
By the act for the relief of Isaac S. Smith, of
Syracuse, New York.
For his work and labor bestowed, for material* furnished,
and for expenses incurred, in attempting to build for the
United States a light-house on the Horse Shoe reef, in
the Niagara river, near Fort Erie, in the province of
Canada    £17,743 77
By the resolution for the relief of Commander H.
J. Hartstene, of the United States Navy.
For extra expenses incurred by him in restoring the bark
Resolute     $2,008 60
