APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Ajypropriations, New Offices, dkc.
36th Cons.... 1st Sess.
By the resolution for the compensation of Rev.
R. R. Richards, late chaplain to the United
States penitentiary in the District of Columbia.
For his half year's salary, ending June thirtieth, eighteen
hundred and fifty-seven , $300 00
By the resolution for the relief of the legal repre-
sentatives of John A. Frost, deceased.
To extend the provisions of the first section of the act en-
titled " An act for the relief of the forward officers of the
late exploring expedition," approved February first, eigh-
teen hundred and forty-nine, so as it shall be construed to
embrace the claim of John A. Frost, who was acting
boatswain of the United States brig Porpoise in said'ex-
pedition, from January first, eighteen hundred and thirty-
nine, to July seventh, eighteen hundred and forty-two,
and that the amount found due to him shall be paid to
his legal representatives   ....[Indefinite.]
By the joint resolution for the relief of Thomas
C. Ware.
For services rendered by him to the Government of the
United States at the request of D. O. Morton, late dis-
trict attorney of the United States, in the case of the
United States vs. Lyman Cole and others, indicted and
tried in the circuit court of the United States for the dis-
trict of Ohio, at the October term, A. D. eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-three $1,500 00
RECAPITULATION.
Legislative, executive, judicial, civil, and miscellane-
ous  #13,129,862 75
Diplomatic and consular  1,158,380 00
Indian department, revolutionary, invalid,.
and other pensions  3,427,923 23
Army, fortifications, Military Academy, and
military roads  15,476,962 01
Naval service  10,461,030 02
*Post Office, for 1860  24.757,322 98
fPost Office, for 1861  19,024,022 75
$87,434,803 74
II.—Officers created and the salaries
thereof.
(Preparedinthe Office of the Secretary of the Senate.)
By the act (chap. 10) making appropriations for
fulfilling treaty stipulations with the Ponca In-
dians, and with certain bands of Indians in the
State of Oregon and Territory of Washington,
for the year ending June 30,1860.
For the Ponca Indians
An interpreter, miller, engineer for the mill, (if one be
necessary,) and farmer. Compensation not stated.
For the Dwamish and other allied tribes in Washing-
ton Territory.
An instructor or instructors of an agricultural and indus-
trial school. Compensation not stated.
One blacksmith, one carpenter, one farmer, and one
physician. Aggregate compensation three thousand dol-
lars.
Jtfakah tribes.
Teachers of an agricultural and industrial school. Num-
ber and compensation not stated.
One blacksmith, one carpenter, one farmer, and one
physician: Aggregate compensation three thousand dol-
lars.
Walla-Walla, Cayvses, and Umatilla tribes.
Two millers, one farmer, one superintendent of farming
operations, two school teachers, one blacksmith, one wagon
and plow maker, and one carpenter and joiner. Aggregate
compensation ten thousand dollars.
Yakama Nation.
One superintendent of teaching and two teachers. Ag-
gregate compensation two thousand two hundred dollars.
One superintendent of farming, two farmers, two black-
smiths, one tinner, one gunsmith, one carpenter, and one
wagon and plow maker. Aggregate compensation six thou-
sand four hundred dollars.
One physician, at a salary of one thousand dollars.
Nex Pcrcc Indians.
One superintendent of teaching and two teachers. Ag-
gregate compensation two thousand two hundred dollars.
One superintendent of farming, two fanners, two millers,
two blackMntths, one tinner, one gunsmith, one carpenter,
and one wagon and plow maker. Aggregate compensation
Hix thousand four hundred dollars.
One physician, at a salary of one thousand dollars.
*This amount embraces a double appropriation for
#3,126,324 tor the same object; one being an appropriation
out of any money m the Treasury, and contingent upon
the insufficiency of the revenues of the Post Office De-
partment, out of which the other is appropriated to meet
the siime. „
fTlus amount embraces a double appropriation ior
$5,007,424 7.> for the same object; one being an appropria-
tion out of any money in the Treasury, and contingent upon
the insufficiency of the revenues ot the Post Office De-
partment, out of which the other is appropriated to meet
the saaie.
Flatheads and other confederated tribes.
For employment of suitable instructors, (number not
stated,) one thousand two hundred dollars.
Two farmers, one blacksmith, one tinner, one gunsmith,
one carpenter, two millers, and one wagon and plow maker.
Aggregate compensationfive thousand four hundred dollars.
One physician, at a salary of one thousand dollars.
Confederated tribes and bands in middle Oi^on.
One farmer,one blacksmith, one wagon and plow maker.
Aggregate compensation three thousand five hundred dol-
lars.
One physician, one sawyer, one miller, one superin-
tendent of farming operations, and one school teacher.
Aggregate compensation five thousand dollars.
Molel Indians.
One carpenter and joiner, compensation not stated, and
one additional farmer, at a salary of six hundred dollars.
Qui-nai-elt and Quil-leh-ute Indians.
An Instructor or instructors of an agricultural and indus-
trial school. Compensation not stated.
One blacksmith, one carpenter, one farmer, and one phy-
sician. Aggregate compensation three thousand eight hun-
dred dollars.
S'Klallams.
One blacksmith, one farmer, one carpenter, and one phy-
sician. Aggregate compensation three thousand dollars.
By the act (chap. 37) supplemental to an act en-
titled " An act providing for the taking of the
seventh and subseauentcensuses of the United
States, and to fix the number of the members
of the House of Representatives, and provide
for the future apportionment among the several
States," approved May 23, 1850.
One chief clerk, and, at the discretion of the Secretary
of the Interior, such other clerks of the first class as the
requirements of the service may demand, of whom the
Secretary may advance from time to time not more than
ten to the second class, nine to the third class, and six to
the fourth class. Compensation not stated.
By the act (chap. 48) to carry into effect a con-
vention between the United States and the Re-
public of Paraguay.
A commissioner, whose duty it shall be, conjointly with
the commissioner of Paraguay, to investigate the claims
of the United States and Paraguay Navigation Company
against the Government of Paraguay. Compensation fifteen
hundred dollars.
A secretary to said commissioner. Compensation one
thousand dollars.
By the act (chap. 50) to create-an additional land
district in Washington Territory.
A register and receiver. Salary two thousand five hun-
dred dollars, and office rent.
By the act (chap. 56) to supply deficiencies in the
appropriations for the service of the fiscal year
ending the 30th June, 1860.
For compensation to the interpreter to the mission to
Japan, from January 1 to June 30, 1860, twelve hundred
and fifty dollars.
To defray the expenses of such delegates as may be ap-
pointed by the President of the United States to attend a
meeting of the International Statistical Congress at Lon-
don, in July, 1860, five thousand dollars.
By the act (chap. 62) to authorize the President
of the United States, in conjunction with the
State of California, to run and mark the bound-
ary lines between the Territories of the Uni-
ted States and the State of California.
A superintendent or commissioner, to run and mark the
boundary lines between the Territories of the United States
and the State of California. Compensation not stated.
By the act (chap. 130) providing for additional
terms of tty United States circuit and district
courts in the State of Kentucky.
A deputy clerk, to reside at Louisville. Compensation
not stated.
A deputy clerk, to reside at Covington. Compensation
not stated.
A deputy clerk, to reside at Paducah. Compensation
not stated.
By the act (chap. 134) to change the location of
the custom-house for the district of Brazos de
Santiago from Point Isabel to Brownsville, in
the State of Texas.
A deputy collector of customs, who shall reside and keep
Ills office at Brazos de Santiago. Compensation not stated.
By the act (chap. 135) to amend an act regulating
the diplomatic and consular system of the Uni-
ted Slates.
The President is authorized to appoint a representative
to the Kingdom of Sardinia of the grade of envoy extraor-
dinary and minister plenipotentiary, who shall receive an
annual compensation of twelve thousand dollars.
A secretary of legation to Sardinia, who shall receive an
annual compensation of one thousand eight hundred dol-
lars. v"
By the act (chap. 136) to amend an act entitled
" An act in addition to the acts prohibiting the
slave trade."
An agent or agents to receive upon the coast of Africa,
the recaptured Africans sent back by the United States to
Africa. Compensation not stated.
By the act (chap. 142) to amend an act approved
the 3d day of March, 1847, entitled " An act to
establish a port of entreat Saluria, in the State
of Texas, and for other purposes.''
A deputy collector for the port of Corpus Christi. Com-
pensation five hundred dollars per annum and fees.
By the act (chap. 157) making appropriations for
the current and contingent expenses of the In-
dian department, and for fulfilling treaty stip-
ulations with various Indian tribes, for the year
ending June 30, 1861.
Two teachers of manual labor schools for the Pawnee
Indians. Aggregate compensation twelve hundred dollars.
Two blacksmiths, one of whom to be a gunsmith and
tinsmith, for the Pawnee Indians. Aggregate compensa-
tion twelve hundred dollars.
Farmer for the Pawnees. Compensation twelve hundred
dollars.
Two superintendents of Indian affairs in California, at
a salary each of thirty-six hundred dollars per annum.
Each superintendent to appoint a supervisor for his dis-
trict, at an annual salary of eighteen hundred dollars, and
four laborers, at fifty dollars per month.
An engineer for the grist and saw-mills at Leech lake,
for the Pillager and Lake Winnebagoshish bands, for one
year. Compensation six hundred dollars.
By the act (chap. 163) making appropriations for
the support of the Army for the year ending
the 30th of June, 1861.
One signal officer, to be added to the staff' of the Army,
with the rank, pay, and allowances of a major of cavalry.
Four surgeons. Pay, eighty dollars per month and allow-
ances.
Four assistant surgeons. Pay, fifty-three dollars and
thirty-three and one third cents per month and allowances.
Six commissioners to examine into the organization, sys-
tem of discipline, and course of instruction, of the United
States Military Academy. For defraying the expenses of
the commission, fifteen hundred dollars.
By the act (chap. 179) to carry into effect provis-
ions of the treaties between the United States,
China, Japan, Siara, Persia, and other coun-
tries, giving certain judicial powers to ministers
and consuls or other functionaries of the United
States in those countries, and for other pur-
One marshal for the United States consular court in Ja-
pan, four for the consular court in China, one for the con-
sular court in Siam, and one for the consular court in
Turkey, who shall each receive an annual salary o£ one
thousand dollars and fees.
By the act (chap. 181) making appropriations for
the naval service for the year ending the 30th of
June, 1861.
Pursers in the Navy hereafter to be styled paymasters;
to perform the same duty and receive the same pay as be-
fore.
Commission to examine into and report on the quality
and probable quantity of coal to be found on the lands of
the Chiriqui Improvement Company, and the practicability
of a railroad across the Isthmus of Chiriqui. To pay the
expenses of the said commission, ten thousand dollars.
By the act (chap. 188) for the final adjustment of
£rivate land claims in the States of Florida,
.ouisiana, and Missouri, and for other pur-
poses.
Commissioners for adjusting land titles in Florida, Lou-
isiana, and Missouri. The registers and receivers in Flor-
ida and Louisiana, within their respective land districts
and the recorder ofland titles for the city of St. Louis and
Missouri, to act as commissioners. No compensationfixea
by the act.
By the act (chap. 205) making appropriations for
the legislative, executive, and judicial expenses
of Government for the year ending the 30th of
June, 1861.
An interpreter and translatofln the executive office, Ter-
ritory of New Mexico. Compensation five hundred dol-
lars.
By the act (chap. 211) making appropriations for
sundry civil expenses of the (Government for
the year ending the 30th of June, 1861.
Chief engineer of the Washington aqueduct. Compen-
sation not fixed by the act.
By the act (chap. 213) to establish two Indian
agencies in Nebraska Territory and one in the
territory of New Mexico.
Three additional agents for the Indian service, at an
annual salary of one thousand five hundred dollars each j
one for the Indians in the Territory of New Mexico, one
for the Ponca tribe, and one for the Pawnees In Nebraska
Territory.
