THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 6,
the Constitution limits or extends, as the case may
be, the appointment by tue Executive to the next
session of the Legislature. Such, sir, is not my
reading or understanding of this clause. That
clause reads, as follows:
" And n vne.mcies happen by resignation, or othenvise,
during the recess of the Legislature of any State, the Ex
eeume thereof may make temporary appointments until
the next meeting ot the Legislature, which fhall then till
iueh vacancies-.'*
Now, sir, my construction is, that the word
" until," which is the limitation, is a limitation
upon the power of the Governor, or rather upon
the time within which he may exercise the power
of appointment, and not upon the term of the
appointment itself. If my other construction be
given to it, we have been yearly in the habit of
disregarding this constitutional provision. Last
winter the honorable Mr. McUae was appointed
by the Executive of the State of Mississippi, to
fill the place of the honorable JeiFerson Davis,
who had resigned. According to this clause of the
Constitution, then, and to the reading sought to be
given to it, his appointment only extended to the
meeting of the Legislature, which took place in
January, 1852, and should have been terminated
at that time; but he was admitted to his seat on
this floor, and retained it until his successor, [Mr.
Adams,] who is now before me, came on, which
was about the middle of the month of March.
There is another instance which might be ad-
duced, to show that the Constitution could not
have intended that the term of Senators under Ex-
eiutive appointment should always extend to the
next meeting of the Legislature. Suppose that I,
or any other member whose term of service ex-
pires on the 4th of March next, should now resign,
the Legislature not being in session, the Governor
could fill the seat. Would his appointment be
valid and existing until the next meeting of the
Legislature in January, 1854? Certainly not! It
would extend only until the 4th of March next,
contrary to the meaning that is sought to be given
to the clause now under consideration. By a slight
transposition of words, the clause would read thus:
" The Executive thereof may, until the next meet-
ing of the Legislature, make temporary appoint- i
ments." This, I contend, is the true meaning, I
and the only one that can reconcile seeming con-
flicts between different parts of the instrument. In
this view, as before suggested, the word "until,"
which is a word of limitation, is a limitation upon
the power of the Executive, or rather of the time
within which he can exercise the power of appoint-
ment; and, therefore, his appointment does not
necessarily continue until the next meeting of the
Legislature, but may be legally terminated by any
other means. If this be true, Governor Powell
was right in limiting the commission of Mr. Meri-
wether to the time which elapsed between the death
of Mr. Clay and the first Monday of September,
1852—the period fixed by Mr. Clay himself for
the termination of his services as Senator. The
power of a Senator to resign, the resignation to
take effect in fuluro, cannot be doubted. It has
long been the settled practice, both in the National
and State Governments. The present Governor
of the State of Mississippi resigned his seat in this
body some month or six weeks in advance of the
time when his resignation was to take effect, and
in the meanwhile he was here, and participated in
its deliberations. Our present consul at Havana,
the late distinguished chief justice of the State of
Mississippi, resigned his office of chief justice some
months in advance, and until the arrival of the
period which he had fixed for the taking effect of
that resignation, sat upon the bench,and adminis-
tered justice without question as to his authority,
and while his resignation was in the hands of the
Executive. Numberless other instances might be
adduced, and it is now too late to raise the ques-
tion. An officer has the right to lrmit or shorten
his own time, and the ordinary appointing power
can in advance provide for filling the expected va-
cancy, just as it can in anticipation of the expira-
tion of a term, as prescribed by law. AH that is
requisite is, that the period of termination should
be ascertained and certain. In this instance, Mr.
Clay had prescribed the period of his labors. His
resignation was before the Legislature. The acts
could not be recalled, and the Legislature rightfully
and in anticipation elected his successor, just as
they would have done and should have done had
that period been prescribed by law, instead of by
the act of the party.
Mr. CHASE. Mr. President, I agree with the
Senators who favor the reference of this question
to a committee; and I think we shall do well if
we confine our attention to the simple question of
reference. During the last session, Mr. Meri-
wether presented himself here as a Senator from
the State of Kentucky, with the credentials of his
appointment. I have those credentials before me.
They limit his term, it is true, to the period fixed
by the resignation of the late lamented Senator
from Kentucky, [Mr. Clay]—recite a vacancy
from the time of death until the first Monday in
September, and appoint David Meriwether to
fill that precise vacancy. It will be remembered by
all the Senators who 'were present, that, at that
time, a conversation arose upon the power of the
Governor of Kentucky thus to limit the appoint-
ment. It was said that the Constitution prescribed
the power of the Governor, and fixed the effect of
his appointment; and that the office created by it
could be limited on'y by the next meeting of the
Legislative. The question was made then, and in
that conversation, whether or not the Governor
of Kentucky could limit the appointment, as in
these credentials he had attempted to limit it.
It is true, Mr. President, that the Senator whose
rights are fixed by this appointment, and by the
Constitution, is not present; but the Senate are
aware of the circumstances under which he took
his seat. They recollect the conversation which
took place at that time. They know very well
that it was a question which was then passed
over, whether or not his appointment terminated
upon the first Monday of September, or extended
until the next meeting of the Legislature. The
Senator from Illinois [Mr. Douglas] made the
point; it was also made by the Senators-from Cal-
ifornia [Mr. Gwin] and from Indiana, [Mr.
Bright,] and other Senators; and upon the sug-
gestion of the Senator from South Carolina, [Mr.
Butler,] not now in his place, it was passed
over with the distinct understanding that when
the question should be presented again, by the
appearance of the gentleman claiming under the
appointment of the Legislature, it would be con-
sidered and settled by the Senate. j
It seems to me that it is our clear duty to refer j
this question, which is one of great importance, to a
committee, and let that committed act 'upon it.
We cannot disregard the fact that a Senator was
here to fill this seat; that in his behalf a claim was
made that his term extended until the next meet-
ing of the Legislature; and, therefore, to adopt the
amendment of the Senator from North Carolina,
[Mr. Mangum,] would be to prejudge that very
question. 1 am not prepared so to do. I regard
this question as oneof some doubt; and I am not
now ready to give an intelligent and impartial vote
upon it. The real question, however, as it seems
to me, is this: Is there now a vacancy.' Is there
any seat in this Chamber unfilled? Until the Sen-
ate is satisfied that there is a vacant seat, they can-
not recognize even the prima facie validity of a
second commission. And that question of vacan-
cy, in my humble judgment, is to be determined
by the solution of another, or perhaps several
others. What is the effect of the resignation of a
Senator, to take effect at a future day, when ac-
cepted by the Legislature? Such resignations have
been frequent. If such a resignation, accepted,
makes a future vacancy certain, then the resigna-
tion of Mr. Clay created a vacancy to take effect
upon the first Monday of September. The resig-
nation was made while the Legislature was in
session, and was accepted. The Legislature then
in session, proceeded to provide for the future va-
cancy, by the election of Mr. Dixon for the unex-
pired term. Afterwards, the lamented event of
| Mr. Clay's death occurred,and presented this pre-
| cise question: What was the vacancy created by
[ the death? If it was a vacancy which extended
| only until the first Monday in September, the ap-
pointment of the Governor of Kentucky could fil
only that intermediate term. If, on the contrary,
that vacancy extended until the next meeting of
the Legislature, then the act of the preceding Le-
gislature, filling, by anticipation, the vacancy cre-
ated by the resignation, was a void act, and it
created no ri^ht upon which any person can claim
a seat in this Chamber. This statement, in my
judgment, indicates the precise question before us.
: If Mr. Clay's resignation, accepted, created a
vacancy to take effect in futuro, then the Legisla-
; ture, which is the constitutional depository, in
the first instance, of the power of appointment,
had the right to fill the vacancy; and having exer-
cised that right, there remained only the vacancy
between the death of Mr. Clay and the commence-
ment of the fractional term filled already by the
legislative appointment. It is worth observation
that this construction will give the full effect in-
tended, both to the action of the Legislature and
to that of the Governor of Kentucky. My lm-
fression is that this is the true construction; hut
prefer not to act upon mere impression. Let
lis take a little time for maturer consideration. I
desire that this matter may he referred; that it
may be carefully considered as its great import-
ance merits; and that final action may take place
upon the report of a committee of this body.
Mr. SEWARD. We are here to reconstitute
the Senate of the United States. Every State in
this Union is entitled to two Senators upon this
floor, and no more and no less. By the Consti-
tution of the United States the Legislatures of the
States are the power with whom permanently
rests the responsibility of appointing Senators to
this body. There is only an occasional power
conferred upon any other authority; that is, upon
the Governor, to fill a vacancy which has not been,
and from the nature of the case cannot be, con-
veniently filled by the Legislature, in order to pre-
vent an interregnum ofthe representation ofa State
in the Senate. Now, coming here to reconstitute
the Senate, all the States appear with a full repre-
sentation, as we may assume, except the State of
Kentucky. This body adjourned, practically, on
the first day of September last. Kentucky was then
represented here by two persons as Senators on
this floor. She is here to-day with only one, and
that is the honorable Mr. Underwood. Another
person presents himself, and asks to be sworn in.
That is the honorable Mr. Dixon, whose case is
now under consideration. Why shall he not be
received ? He cannot be received until he has
shown his title and taken the oath of office. He
has presented his title. What is it? It is a title
conferred by the Legislature of his State, an au-
thority which was competent to appoint him. It
is to fill a vacancy. Is there a vacancy here?
Yes. The honorable Senator from Kentucky,
Mr. Clay, is dead. The credentials now presented
certify that Mr. Dixon comes to fill the vacancy
thus created. The vacancy is apparent, the ap-
pointment is direct, and by the highest authority.
Why then shall he not be received? The case is,
prima facie, complete; and in receiving Senators,
, it is the custom, and has been the custom of the
Senate of the United States from the foundation
of the Government, to receive the Senator who
comes prima facie entitled to fill a vacancy, known
and admitted to exist, with a commission given
him by the Legislature of the State in whose ser-
■ vice the vacancy has arisen.
You will see, sir, that I am addressing myself,
not to the question whether he will be entitled to
retain his seat against all who may challenge it
hereafter, but that I claim now only that he shall
be received and take his place on this floor. Now,
why shall he not be received ? I hear no objec-
tion except this: that perhaps some one else may
come here and claim the seat by and by. Well,
sir, what is there new or strange in that ? When
the Senator from Georgia [Mr. Dawson] came
hereto challenge his seat, he was admitted; and
yet somebody else might have been behind to
come with a better title. When I came here, to
take my seat, who knew but that somebody might
come and show that my credentials were false or
forged, and that there was a better title resting in
another claimant? We do not act upon any such
principle. How, then, is this case to be separated
or distinguished from the ordinary case of a Sena-
tor coming to challenge his seat? Why, we are
told that there was a Senator here at the close of
the last session, occupying the seat which this
Senator now comes to claim. True, there was a
Senator, on the day that we adjourned, occupying
j that place. But he is not here now. There is no
contestant, there is no disputant of the place. But
it is said that he may come and we will look at
his credentials. It is going a great way out of
the customary track, to look at credentials filed
here at a former session, to see whether they
may not contain a claim to the seat, of some
person who stands unchallenged. But we will
look at the credentials, and what do they say?
They say that Mr. Meriwether, to whom these
