1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5
credentials were given, and who occupied the seat
until that day, was to hold it until the first day of
September and no longer. They say that he was a
Senator until that time and no longer. There is,
then, the fact that he does not come to claim the
seat, and the additional fact that his title does not
purport to extend beyond the first day of Septem-
ber, and so leaves this place unchallenged. There-
fore, it appears to me to be the ordinary case of a
Senator coming here with the credentials of his
title to a seat, to fill a vacancy which has occurred.
But the question is raised whether, inasmuch as ;
Mr. Clay, whose seat is now vacated, died some
short period before the time for his resignation, to
take effect there can be two vacancies in the same
term, occurring respectively upon the resignation
and death of the incumbent, and whether it is not
possible that when the Governor provisionally filled
the vacancy occurring by the death of Mr. Clay,
he did not necessarily make an appointment which
must be continued until the time assigned by Mr.
Clay for his resignation? I have only to say this on
that subject, in anticipation of the great question
involved when it shall come up hereafter, that it is
unnecessary to discuss it now. But I have two
or three propositions which I throw out as worthy
of consideration in the mean time. And in the first
place, it is too late in the day to say that the Legis-
lature of a State cannot fill a place in the Senate of
the United States when a vacancy is to occur in
futuro; for all the States appoint Senators in ad-
vance of the occurrence of a vacancy. You and
I were appointed in advance, before the places were
vacated which we fill. So was every Senator ap-
pointed for a full term. That is one point. The
second is, that it is too late in the day to say that a
Senator of the United States cannot resign, and fix
a day in/ufuro for his resignation to take effect,
and keep his seat, if he can keep his life,until that
day comes. This is done every day, not only in
the Senate of the United States, but in every de--
partment of the Government. Well, then, if a Sen-
ator may send in his resignation, to take effect in
futuro, and if the Legislature can fill a vacancy to
occur in/tUuro, then thisthinghappens, that when
there is a resignation to take effect in fuluro, and
the Legislature of a State fill the vacancy infuhiro,
that is a legal, constitutional, irreversible appoint-
ment, and entitles the Senator thus appointed to a
Elace in this body. The consequence of this may
e that if there be a death on the part of the re-
signing Senator before the day comes for the resig-
nation to take effect, and the Legislature not being
in session, the Governor makes an appointment,
that appointment may be inoperative, ineffectual,
void, and good for nothing, so that an interreg-
num exists in the representation, or else that the
person whom the Legislatureshall have appointed
shall anticipate the term for which he was ap-
pointed, and so fill up the vacancy as soon as it pre-
maturely occurs.
But, sir, these are considerations which I do not
propose to dwell at large upon now. I have thrown
them out because they seem necessary to justify
the course which I shall take, as a member of this
body, in giving my vote for the acceptance of the
credentials of the Senator from Kentucky and
giving him his seat now. But I am willing, and
very desirous, that there should be afterwards an
investigation of the whole subject by a committee.
Mr. CASS. Mr. President, I desire to make a
remark or two on the present state of our proceed-
ings—not on the main point upon which this ques-
tion is to be determined, for I leave it entirely until
it has been investigated and discussed, as it is to
be discussed. I shall not now touch it at all. I
merely wish to make a remark upon the present
state of our proceedings.
The honorable Senator from New York says
we are here to reconstitute the Senate. I do not
understand such to be the case; in the first place,
as a matter of fact, and in the next place, as a
matter of principle. Were we to reconstitute it,
what effect would it have on our proceedings on
the question before us ? We should have the same
rights which we now have, and always have had,
under all possible circumstances, to judge whether
there is a vacancy in any seat in this body. There
is no question of reconstitution before us. We
are where we were in September. It is always
within the power, and it is always the duty of the
Senate, to know who are its members—whether
there is any existing vacancy or not.
The honorable Senator also says that we may
assume the representation of every State to be
full, except that of the State of Kentucky. I do
not understand that assumption. If by full, he
means that the members from the States are all
here, it is obvious that it is not so; for all the Sen-
ators are not here. If by full, he means that the
seats are legally occupied, that is assuming the
very fact before us; for the question now under
discussion, as a preliminary part of this proceed-
ing, is, whether there isa vacancy; and you cannot
proceed a single step forward without determining
whether theije is or is not a vacancy. If you pro-
ceed to swear in the gentleman whose credentials
have been presented, you determine ipso facto that
there is now a vacancy. What, then, the honor-
able Senator means by assuming that all the seats
of the Senators of the several States, except those
from Kentucky, are full, I must confess 1 cannot
understand.
A gentleman presents himself here with cre-
dentials from the State of Kentucky, demanding a
seat upon this floor. There is an objection raised
in limine. He presents the broad seal, at it is
called, of Kentucky. There is not a word to be
said about that. No man impugns it. This,
therefore, is no such question as the New Jersey
case, which has been alluded to. No one denies
that the honorable gentleman holding these cre-
dentials was elected by the Legislature of the
State of Kentucky. There is no question as to
whether his credentials are or are not in the proper
form. There is no such question before us, be-
cause no man raises such an objection. But be-
fore the honorable gentleman can take his seat,
there is a preliminary question that every mem-
ber of this body must salve for himself; and that
is, whether there is or is not a vacancy to be filled.
It is not in the power of the Legislatures of the
States to determine that point conclusively against
us. We hold our seats here for six years. When
the appointing power is exercised it is exhausted
until a legal vacancy exists. No Legislature at
the end of three years can send another man to
take the seat of one who has already been elected
I for six years. It is not the broad seal of the State
that under those circumstances would carry con-
I viction and decide the question of right. There is
not a member of the Senate who would say that
under those circumstances the broad seal would
carry the right with it; nor would the right there
depend upon the election by the'Legislature.
We must look to the Constitution to ascertain the
tenure of office. That is the inquiry, and it is 0|0
duty to make the inquiry. Before any member
of this body can take his seat it is our duty to
ascertain whether there is a preexisting vacancy,
and that is precisely the question now before us.
I repeat, I do not mean to touch upon that point
at all. That is the point which we are to deter-
mine; therefore I say, that if we admit this gen-
tleman to be sworn in, we predetermine the point,
and say that there is a vacancy.
Why, it is said that there is no person here to
contest this seat. Mr. President, this is no ques-
tion of contest. Mr. Meriwether may be in
China for aught I know, and for any legal effect
it may have upon the decision which we are re-
quired to make. This is not a question with re-
gard to Mr. Meriwether. It is a solemn ques-
tion arising under the Constitution of the United
States, and it does not matter where he is, nor
what are his views. He may be absent from
feelings of delicacy, and as a matter of propriety;
and if so, I heartily approve his course. I have no
doubt that he may have abstained from taking any
part in this proceeding from a sense of propriety.
But that does not touch the great question of right
now pending before the American Senate. Mr.
Meriwether is no party to it, strictly. It is a
great question under the Constitution. I repeat,
then, that in this stage of our proceedings, the
very first question to determine is, whether there
is a vacancy; and you cannot swear this gentle-
man in until you have determined whether there
is a vacancy; and that very point is what I want
to determine before I vote. You appoint a com-
mittee to determine whether there is a vacancy,
and previously you decide that there is one by
admitting the gentleman to take his seat; so that
take which ever horn of the dilemma you choose,
it involves you in inextricable confusion. Under
ordinary circumstances when a gentleman presents
himself, we knowing that a term has expired
whereby a vacancy exists, he is admitted as a
matter of course. But here is a very doubtful and
difficult question; at least it appears so to many.
For myself, I do not see so much difficulty as some
gentlemen do, whatever opinion I may ultimately
form. That I reserve for myself to declare when-
ever the proper time shall come But it is certain
that if you swear this gentleman in now, under
the circumstances, you predetermine the very
point that is to be reported upon by the commit-
tee. That is my view of the case, as it now pre-
sents itself to my mind.
As to the reference to a committee, I am per-
fectly willing that it should be so referred; but I
am quite as willing to take up the case and decide
it without the intervention of a committee. In
fact I do not see that the reference to a committee
will do any good. I do not see that there are any
facts to be developed, or any peculiar views to be
presented. The Constitution is before us, in the
hands of every one, and I, for one, am perfectly
willing to go on with the discussion; but I do not
want to preclude myself by determining before-
hand that a vacancy actually exists at the present
time. We cannot vote that this gentleman shall
be sworn in, without previously determining that
very point, which is the point of contest.
On the suggestion of Mr. Gwin, the subject was
informally passed over, in order to allow a report
to be made from the committee appointed to wait
upon the President.
president's message.
Mr. BRIGHT, from the committee appointed
to wait upon the President of the United States
and advise him of the organization of the two
Houses of Congress, reported that they had
discharged their duties, and learned from the Pres-
ident that he would immediately communicate
with the two Houses in writing.
A message was received from the President of
the United States by the hands of M. P. Fillmore,
Esq., his Secretary, which was read.
[For the Message, see the proceedings of the
House of Representatives.]
On motion by Mr. SEWARD, it was
Ordered, That the usual number of the message and
accompanying documents be printed for the use of the
Senate.
Mr. HAMLIN. 1 offer the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That ten thousand additional copies of the
message and accompanying documents, in addition to the
j usual number, be printed for the use of the Senate.
I I do not desire the action of the Senate upon
this resolution at the present time, and for this
reason: it will be recollected by the Senate that
my colleague, at the last session, offered a joint
resolution, requiring the several departments to
furnish an abstract of their annual reports. I un-
derstand that these abstracts have been furnished
from some of the departments—perhaps from all.
Whether they are such as will meet the approba-
tion of the Senate, and come up to what they may
require, is uncertain. The riumber of extra co-
pies which will be finally required, may therefore
be better determined by the Printing Committee,
when that committee shall have been appointed.
; I therefore ask that the resolution lie on the table.
The PRESIDENT, It lies over as a matter of
i course.
| hour of meeting.
| On motion by Mr. HAMLIN, it was
! Ordered, That the daily hour of meeting be twelve
o'clock, m., until otherwise ordered.
On motion by Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, the
Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, December 6,1852.
In conformity with the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States,the Second Session of the Thirty-Second
Congress convened to-day.
At twelve o'clock, m., the Hon. Linn Boyd,
Speaker of the House of Representatives, took
the chair, and nailed the House to order.
The roll of the Members was called over bv
States, by the Clerk of the House, when the fol-
lowing Members answered to their names, viz:
MAINE. Israel Washburn, jr.,
Moses McDonald, Thomas J" D" Fuller-
John Appleton, NEW HAMPSHIRE.
Robert Goodenow, Amos Tuck,
Isaac Reed, Charles H. Peaslee,
Ephraiin K. Smart, Jared Perkins.
