1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
So the House refused to suspend the rules.
Mr. LANE asked and obtained leave to intro-
duce «' A bill to provide for the improvement of
the navigation of the Willamette river, in Oregon
Territory," of which notice hatf been given at the
last session; which was read & first and second
time by its title.
Mr. LANE. I now move its reference to the
Committee on Commerce.
The SPEAKER. Ita reference would be irregu-
lar before the formation of the committees of the
House.
Mr. KING, of New York. The gentleman
can accomplish his object by moving its reference
to the Committee on Commerce, when that Com-
mittee shall have been appointed.
Mr. LANE. I accept the gentleman's modifi-
cation of my motion.  
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection, it
will be so ordered.
There was no objection, and it was so ordered.
Mr. STUART. To carry out in some manner
the proposition submitted by me some time ago,
I move to proceed to the business upon the
Speaker's table.
The SPEAKER. Under the rules it is made
the duty of the Chair to call the States for peti-
tions.
Mr. STUART. Does that duty continue after
the termination of the morning hour? The morn-
ing hour for to-day has expired.
The SPEAKER. Until one hour has been
devoted to the calling forreports from Committees,
it should be remembered that the motion sub-
mitted by the gentleman is not regularly in order.
Mf. STUART. My impression was, that after
the expiration of the morning hour it was in order.
Mr. RICHARDSON. There is no morning
hour.  
Mr. STUART. There is.
The SPEAKER. The rule ia as follows :
" After one boar ehall have keen devoted to reports from
committees and resolutions, it shajt be in ord«>r, pending
the consideration or discussion thereof, to entertain a mo-
lion that the House do now proceed to dispose of the feusi-
aes* on the Speaker's table."
Mr. STUART. Resolutions were offered this
morning.
The SPEAKER. But they were not offered
regularly it will be remembered, the States not
having been called on for petitions.
Mr. STUART. I then call for the regnlar
order of business.
The SPEAKER. Petitions are in order from
the State of Maine.
RULE ON PETITIONS.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I gave notice at the last
session of a motion to strike out so much of the
rale as required the calling of the States for peti-
tion* on the first thirty daya; but it so happened
that I never got an opportunity of submitting that
motion. { hope there will be no objection to its
ia traduction at the present time; because the pro-
ceeding of calling for petitions is wholly unneces-
sary, in consequence of another rale under whieh
petitions are quietly handed in at the Clerk's desk,
from time to time; and because it will be a great
saving of the public time. I move that so much
of the rule as requires the calling of States for peti-
tions on the first thirty days of the session be
abolished.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would suggest
that the gentleman modify his motion, to suspend
so much of the rule as requires the calling of States
for petitions oa the first thirty days of the session,
during the present session.
Mr. CLINGMAN. If the motion is not ob-
jected to, there will be no difficulty in abolishing
that portion of the rule. My object is to sUrike
it out, or suspend it for this session, which will
amount to the same thing, as the rale will not
exist after the present session.
Mr. STUART, if the gentleman makes the
motion to suspend so much of the rule for the
present session, I shall not interpose objection,
although it seems to me that we had better not
abolish it.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I have no objection be
move to suspend, if it meets the-view of the gen-
tleman from Michigan. -My object is to get that
portion of the rule out of the printed copy of the
rules, so that members of the nest Congress, when
they ade.pt the rules, shall not 'find it among them.
Mr. i£K£LTQN. I object to the motion.
Mr. CLINGMAN. 1 move a suspension of
the rules, for the purpose of submitting the motion.
The question was put on suspending the rules,
and, on a division, there were—ayes 58 
Mr. MASON. I demand tellers on the motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Richardson
and Chandler were appointed,
The question was again put, and the motion was
rejected, the tellers having reported—ayes 69, noes
48; two thirds not voting in the affirmative.
The SPEAKER proceeded with the call of the
States for petitions.
Mr. JON ES, of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, the
joint committee appointed by the Senate and House
of Representatives to wait on the President of the
United States, and inform him that a quorum of
both Houses had assembled and were ready to
receive any communication that he might have to
make, have discharged that duty, and report that
the President will communicate immediately to
Congress a message in writing.
territory of platte.
Mr. HALL gave notice th*t he would, on some
future day, introduce" A bill to organize the Terri-
tory of Platte."
The SPEAKER prooeeded to call for resolu-
tions from the several States.
chaplains.
Mr. FLORENCE. I offer the following reso-
lution p
Resolved, (the Senate concurring,) That two Chaplains
- be elected one by the Senate and the other by the House
of Representatives, and thai they officiate alternately daring
' the present session of Congress."
i Mr. DEAN. I ask whether we have not already
: Chaplains?
The SPEAKER. Chaplains were elected only
; for the last session, in the recollection of the Chair,
i Mr. JENKINS. Do not the rules provide for
the election of Chaplains?
| The SPEAKER. There is no rule on the sub-
1 ject.
' . Mr. DEAN. Is it not usual for the House to
1 elect its own Chaplain ?
| The SPEAKEfe The election of Chaplains for
1 Congress is always provided for by joint resolu-
tion; and this is a joint resolution.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I demand the
: previous question on the adoption of the resolu-
' t*on-
The call for the previous question was seconded,
and the main question ordered to be put.
The question was taken, and the resolution was
< adopted.
j president's message.
' A message in writing was here received from
! the President of the United States by Mr. M P.
Fillmore, his Private Secretary, which was read,
as follows:
Fellow-Citizens of the Senate
and of the House of Representatives:
The brief space which has elapsed since the
close of your last session has been marked by no
extraordinary political event. The quadrennial
election of Chief Magistrate has passed off with
less than the usual excitement. However indi-
viduals and parties may have been disappointed
in the result, it is nevertheless a gubjectof national
congratulation that the choice has been effected by
the independent suffrages of a free people, undis-
turbed by those influences which in .other coun-
tries have too often affected the purity of popular
elections.
Our grateful thanks are due to an All-merciful
Providence, not only for staying the pestilence
which in different forms has desolated some af
our cities, but for crowding the labors of the hus-
bandman with an abundant harvest, and the na-
tion generally with the blessings of peace and
prosperity.
W ithin a few weeks the public mind has been
deeply affected by the ,death of Dajaiel Webster,
filling at hi;'decease the.office of Secretary of State.
His associates in the Executive Government have
sincerely sympathized with his family and the
public generally on this mournful occasion. His
commanding talents* his great political and pro-
fessional .eminence, his well-tried patriotism, and
his long and faithful services, in the most import-
not public trusts, have caused his death to be
lamented throughout the country,and have earned
for hifli a lasting plac* in our history.
In the course of the last summer considerable
anxiety was caused for a short time by an official
intimation from the Government of Great Britain
that orders had been given for the protection of
the fisheries upon the coasts of the British Prov-
inces in North America against the alleged en-
croachments of the fishing vessels of the United
States and France. The shortness of this notice
and the season of the year seemed to rnake it a
matter of urgent importance. It was at first ap-
prehended that an increased naval force had beea
ordered to the fishing grounds to carry into effect
the British interpretation of thpseprovisions in the
convention of 1818, in reference to the true intent
of which the two Governments differ. It was soon
discovered that such was not the design of Great
Britain, and satisfactory explanations of the real
objects of the measure have been given both here
and in London.
The unadjusted difference, however, between .
the two Governments as to the interpretation of
the first article of the convention of 1818 is still a
matter of importance. American fishing vessels
within nine or ten years have been excluded from
waters to which they had free access for twenty-
five years after the negotiation of the treaty. In
1845 this exclusion was relaxed so far as concerns
the Bay of Fundy, but the just and liberal inten-
tion of the Home Government, in compliance with
what we think the true construction of the conven-
tion, to open all the other outer bays to our fish-
ermen, was abandoned, in consequence of the op-
position of the colonies. Notwithstanding this,
the United States have, since the Bay of Fundy
i was reopened to our fishermen, in 1845, pursued
j the most liberal course toward the colonial fishing
interests. By the revenue law of 1846, the duties
on colonial fish entering ourports were very greatly
reduced, and by the warehousing act it is allowed
to be entered in bond without payment of duty.
In this way colonial fish has acquired the monop-
oly of the export trade in our market, and is en-
tering to some extent ints the home consumption.
These facts were among those which increased the
sensibility of our fishing interest, at the movement
in question.
These circumstances, and the incidents abor$
alluded to, have led me to think the moment favor-
able for a reconsideration of the entire subject of
the fisheries, on the coasts of the British Provinces,
with a view to place them upon a more liberal
~ footing of reciprocal privilege. A willingness to
i meet us in some arrangement of this kind is un?
derstood to exist on the part of Great Britain,
with a desire on her part to include in one compre-
hensive settlement, as well this subject as the com-
mercial intercourse between the United States and
the British Provinces. I have thought that what-
ever arrangements may be made on these two sub-
jects, it is expedient that they should be embraced
in separate conventions. The illness and death
of the late Secretary of State prevented the com-
mencement of the«contempLated negotiation. Pains
have been taken to collect the information required
for the details of such aij arrangement. The sub-
ject is attended with considerable difficulty. If it
is found practicable to come to an agreement mu-
tually acceptable to the two parties, conventions
may be concluded in the course of the present
winter. The control of Congress over all the pro-
visions of such an arrangement, affecting the rev-
enue, will of course be reserved.
The affairs of Cuba formed a prominent topic in
my last annual message. They remain in an un-
easy condition, and a feeling of alarm and irrita-
tion on the part of the Cuban authorities appears
to exist. This feeling has interfered with the reg-
ular commercial intercourse between the United
States and the Island, and led to some acts of
which we have a right to complain. But the Cap-
tain General of Cuba is clothed with no pow.er to
treat with foreign Governments, nor is he ,in any
degree under the control of the Spanish Minister
at Washington. Any communication \yhich he
may hold with an agent of a foreign Power is in-
formal and matter of courtesy. Anxious to put
an end to the existing inconveniences, (which
seemed to rest-on a misconception,) I directed the
newly-appointed Minister to Mexico to visit Ha-
vana, on nis way to Vera Cruz. He was .tespect-
fully received by the Captain General, who conr
ferred with biro freely on the recent occurrences;
but-no permanent arrangement was effected.
In the mean time, the refusal of the Captain Gea-
