8
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 6,
eral to allow passengers and the mail to be landed
in certain cases, t'or'a reason which does not fur-
nish, i". the opinion of this Government even a good
presumptive ground for such prohibition, lias been
made the sn!>|eot of a serious remonstrance at Ma-
drid : and I have no reason to doubt that due respect
will be paid bv the Government of her Catholic
Ala jesty to the representations which our Minister
has been instructed to make on the subject.
It is but justice to the Captain Genera! to add,
that his conduct toward the steamers employed
to carry the mails of the United States to Havana
has, with the exceptions above alluded to, been
marked with kindness and liberality, and indicates
no general purpose of interfering with the com-
mercial correspondence and intercourse between
the Island and this country.
Early in the present year official notes were re-
ceived from the Ministers of France and England,
inviting the Government of the United Stales to
become a party with Great Britain and France to
a tripartite convention, in virtue of which the
three Powers should severally and collectively
disclaim, now and for the future, all intention to
obtain possession of the Island of Cuba, and
should bind themselves to discountenance all at-
tempts to that effect on the part of any Power or
individual whatever. This invitation has been
respectfully declined, for reasons which it would
occupy to much space in this communication to
state in detail, but which led me to think that the
proposed measure would be of doubtful constitu-
tionality, impolitic, and unavailing. I have, how-
ever, in common with several of my predecessors,
directed the Ministers of France and England to
be assured that the United States entertain no
designs against Cuba; but that, on the contrary,
I should regard its incorporation into the Union
at the present time as fraught with serious peril.
Were this Island comparatively destitute of in-
habitants, or occupied by a kindred race, I should
regard it, if voluntarily ceded by Spain, as a most
desirable acquisition. But, under existing circum-
stances, I should look upon its incorporation into
our Union as a very hazardous measure. It would
bring into the Confederacy a population of a dif-
ferent national stock, speakin<ra different language, ]
and not likely to harmonize with the other mem- I
bers. It would probably affect, iri a prejudicial ;|
manner, the industrial interests of the South; and
it mieht revive those conflicts of opinion between
the different sections of the country, which lately
shook the Union to its center, and which have
been so happily compromised.
The rejection by the Mexican Congress of the
convention which had been concluded between
that Republic and the United States, for the pro-
tection of a transit way across the Isthmus of Te-
huantepec, and of the interests of those citizens of
the United States who had become proprietors of
the rights which Mexico had conferred on one of
her own citizens in regard to that transit, has
thrown a serious obstacle in the way of the attain-
ment of a very desirable national object. I am
still willing to hope that the differences on the sub-
ject which exist, or may hereafter arise, between
the Governments, will be amicably adjusted. This
subject, however, has already engaged the atten-
tion of the Senate of the United States, and re-
quires no further comment in this communication.
The settlement of the question respecting the
port of San Juan de Nicaragua, and of the contro-
versy between the Republics of Costa Rica and
Nicaragua, in regard to their boundaries, was con-
sidered indispensable to the commencement of the
ship-canal between the two oceans, which was the
subject of the convention between the United
States and Great Britain of the 19th of April, 1850.
Accordingly, a proposition for the same purposes,
addressed to the two Governmentsin that quarter,
and to the Mosquito Indians, was agreed to in
April last by the Secretary of State and the Minis-
ter of her Britannic Majesty. Besides the wish to
aid in reconciling the differences of the two Re-
publics, I engaged in the negotiation from a desire
to place the great work of a ship-canal between the
two oceans under one jurisdiction, and to establish
the important port of San Juan de Nicaragua un-
der the government of a civilized Power. The
proposition in question was assented to by Costa
Rica and theMosquito Indians. It has not proved
equally acceptable to Nicaragua; but it is to be
lioped that the further negotiations on the subject
nrhich are in train will be carried on in that spirit J
ofconciliationand compromise which ought always
to prevail on such occasions, and that they will
lead to a satisfactory result.
1 have the satisfaction to inform you that the
Executive Government of Venezuela has acknowl-
edged some claims of citizens of theUnited States,
which have for many years past been urged by our
Charge d'Affaires at Caraccas. It is hoped that
the same sense of justice will actuate the Congress
of that Republic in providing the means for their
payment.
The recent revolution in Buenos Ayres and the
Confederated States having opened the prospect of
an improved state of things in that quarter, the
Governments of Great Britain and France deter-
mined to negotiate with the Chief of the new Con-
federacy for the free access of their commerce to
the extensive countries watered by the tributaries
of the La Plata; and they gave a friendly notice
of this purpose to the United States, that we might,
if we thought proper, pursue the samecourse. In
compliance with this invitation, our Minister at
Rio Janeiro and our Charge d'Affaires at Buenos
Ayres have been fully authorized to conclude trea-
ties with the newly-organized Confederation, or
the States composing it. The delays which have
taken place in the formation of the new Govern-
ment have as yet prevented the execution of those
instructions; but there is every reason to hope
that these vast countries will be eventually opened
to our commerce. .
A treaty of commerce has been concluded be-
tween theUnited Statesand the Oriental Republic
of Uruguay, which will be laid before the Senate.
Should this convention go into operation, it will
open to the commercial enterprise of our citizens a
country of great extent and unsurpassed in natu-
ral resources, but from which foreign nations have
hitherto been almost wholly excluded.
The correspondence of the late Secretary of
State with the Peruvian Charge d'Affaires relative
to the Lobos Islands was communicated to Con-
gress toward the close of the last session. Since
that time, on further investigation of the subject,
the doubts which had been entertained of the title
of Peru to those Islands have been removed; and
I have deemed it just that the temporary wrong
which had been unintentionally done her, from |
want of information, should be repaired by an !
unreserved acknowledgment of her sovereignly.
1 have the satisfaction to inform you that the
course pursued by Peru has been creditable to the
liberality of her Government. Before it was known
by her that her title would be acknowledged at
Washington, her Minister of Foreign Affairs had
authorized our Charge d'Affaires at Lima to an-
nounce to the American vessels which had gone
to the Lobos for guano, that the Peruvian Gov-
ernment was willing to freight them on its own
account. This intention has been carried into
effect by the Peruvian Minister here, by an ar-
rangement which is believed to be advantageous
to the parties in interest.
Our settlements on the shores of the Pacific have
already given a great extension, and in some re-
spects a new direction, to our commerce in that
ocean. A direct and rapidly-increasing intercourse
has sprung up with Eastern Asia. The waters of
the Northern Pacific, even into the Arctic sea,
have of late years been frequented by our whale-
men. The application of steam to the general
purposes of navigation is becoming daily more
common, and makes it desirable to obtain fuel and
other necessary supplies at convenient points on the
route between Asia and our Pacific shores. Our
unfortunate countrymen who from time to time
suffer shipwreck on the coasts of the eastern seas (
are entitled to protection. Besides these specific
objects, the general prosperity of our States on the
Pacific requires that an attempt should be made to
open .the opposite regions of Asia to a mutually
beneficial intercourse. It is obvious that this
attempt could be made by no Power to so great
advantage as by the United States, whose consti-
tutional system excludes every idea of distant col-
onial dependencies. I have accordingly been led
to order an appropriate naval force to Japan, under
the command of a discreet and intelligent officer of
the highest rank known to our service. He is
instructed to endeavor to obtain from the Gov-
ernment of that country some relaxation of the
inhospitable and anti-social system which it has
pursued for about two centuries. He has been
directed particularly to remonstrate, in the strong- i
; est language, against the cruel treatment to which
our shipwrecked mariners have often been sub-
jected, and to insist that they shall be treated with
humanity. He is instructed, however, at the
same time, to give that Government the amplest
assurances that the objects of the United States are
such, and such only, as I have indicated, and that
the expedition is friendly and peaceful. Notwith-
standing the jealousy with which the Governments
of Eastern Asia regard all overtures from foreign-
ers, I am not without hopes of a beneficial result
of the expedition. Should it be crowned with suc-
cess, the advantages will not be confined to the
United States, but, as in the case of China, will be
equally enjoyed by all the other maritime Powers.
I have much satisfaction in stating that in all the
steps preparatory to this expedition, the Govern-
mentof the United States has been materially aided
by the good offices of the King of the Netherlands,
the only European Power having &ny commercial
relations with Japan.
In passing from this survey of our foreign rela-
tions, I invite the attention of Congress to the
condition of that department of the Government
to which this branch of the public business is in-
trusted. Our intercourse with foreign Powers has
of late years greatly increased, both in conse-
quence of our own growth and the introduction
of many new States into the family of nations.
In this way the Department of State has become
overburdened. It has, by the recent establish-
ment of the Department of the Interior, been re-
lieved of some portion of the domestic business.
If the residue of the business of that kind, such
as the distribution of Congressional documents,
the keeping, publishing, and distribution «f the
laws of the United States, the execution of the
copyright taw, the subject of reprieves and par-
dons, and some oiher subjects relating to interior
administration, should be transferred from the
Department of State, it would unquestionably be
for the benefit of the public service. I would
also suggest that the building appropriated to the
State Department is not fire-proof; that there is
reason to think there are defects in its construc-
tion, and that the archives of the Government in
charge of the Department, with the precious col-
lections of the manuscript papers of Washington,
j Jefferson, Hamilton, Madison, and Monroe, are
I exposed to destruction by fire. A similar remark
may be made of the buildings appropriated to the
War and Navy Departments.
The condition of the Treasury is exhibited in
the annual report from that Department.
The cash receipts into the Treasury for the fiscal
year ending the 30th June last, exclusive of trust
funds, were forty-nine millions seven hundred and
twenty-eightthousand threehundred and eighty-six
dollars and eighty-nine cents, ($49,728,386 89,)
and the expenditures for the same period, likewise
exclusive of trust funds, were forty-six millions
seven thousand eight hundred and ninety-six dol-
lars and twenty cents, ($46,007,896 20;) of which
nine millions four hundred and fifty-five thousand
eight hundred and fifteen dollars and eighty-three
cents ($9,455,815 83) was on account of the prin-
cipal and interest of the public debt, including the
last installment of the indemnity to Mexico, under
the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo, leaving a balance
of $14,632,136 37 in the Treasury on the first day
of July last. Since this latter period, further pur-
chases Stf the principal of the public debt have been
made to the extent of two millions four hundred
and fifty-six thousand five hundred and forty-seven
dollars and forty-nine cents, ($2,456,547 49,) and
the surplus in the Treasury will continue to be
applied to that object, whenever the stock can be
procured within the limits, as to price, authorized
by law.
I The value of foreign merchandise imported
during the last fiscal year was two hundred and
| seven millions two hundred and forty thousand one
i hundred and one dollars, ($207,240,101;) and the
j value of domestic productions exported was one
| hundred and forty-nine millions eieht hundred
i and sixty-one thousand nine hundred and eleven
dollars, ($149,861,911,) besides seventeen millions
two hundred and four thousand and twenty-six
dollars ($17,204,026) of foreign merchandise ex-
ported; making the aggregate of the entire exports
one hundred and sixty-seven millions sixty-five
thousand nine hundred and thirty-seven dollars,
($167,065,937;) exclusive of the above there was
exported forty-two millions five hundred and sev-
