1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
9
en thousand two hundred and eighty-five dollars
(S4-,507,^S5) in specie; and imported from for-
eign ports five millions two hundred and sixty-
two thousand six hundred and forty-three dollars,
($5,562,643.)
In my first annual message to Congress I called
vour attention to what seemed to me some defects
in the present tariff, and recommended such mod-
ifications as in my judgment were best adapted to
remedy its evils and promote the prosperity of the
country. Nothing has since occurred to change
my views on this important question.
Without repeating the arguments contained in
my former message, in favor of discriminating,
protective duties, L deem it my duty to call your
attention to one or two other considerations affect-
ing this subject. The first is, the effect of large
importations of foreign goods upon our currency.
Most of the gold of California, as fast as it is
coined, finds its way directly to Europe, in pay-
ment for goods purchased. In the second place,
as our manufacturing establishments are broken
down by competition with foreigners, the capital
invested in them is lost, thousands of honest and
industrious citizens are thrown out of employment,
and the farmer to that extent is deprived of a home
market for the sale of his surplus produce. In
the third place, the destruction of our manufac-
tures leaves the foreigner without competition in
ottr market, and he consequently raises the price
of the article sent here for sale, as is now seen in
the increased cost of iron imported from England.
The prosperity and wealth of every nation must
depend upon its productive industry. The farmer
is stimulated to exertion by finding a ready mar-
ket for his surplus products,and benefited by being
able to exchange them, without loss of time or ex-
pense of transportation, for the manufactures which
nis comfort or convenience requires. This is al-
ways done to the best advantage where a portion
of the community in which he lives is engaged in
other pursuits. But most manufactures require
an amount of capital, and a practical skill, which
cannot be commanded, unless they be protected
for a time from ruinous competition from abroad.
Hence the necessity of laying those duties upon
imported goods which the Constitution authorizes
for revenue, in such a manner as to protect and
encourage the labor of our own citizens. Duties,
however, should not be fixed at a rate so high as
to exclude the foreign article, but should be so
graduated as to enable the domestic manufacturer
fairly to compete with the foreigner in our own i
markets; and by this competition to reduce the
price of the manufactured article to the consumer
to the lowest rate at which it can be produced.
This policy would place the mechanic by the side
of the farmer, create a mutual interchange of their
respective commodities, and thus stimulate the
industry of the whole country, and render us in-
dependent of foreign nations for the supplies re-
quired by the habits or necessities of the people.
Another question, wholly independent of pro-
tection, presents itself; and that is, whether the
duties levied should be upon the value of the article
at the place of shipment, or, where it is practica- ;
ble, a specific duty, graduated according to quan-
tity, as ascertained by weight or measure. All our i
duties are at present ad valorem. A certain per
centage is levied on the price of the goods at the
port of shipment in a foreign country. Most com-
mercial nations have found it indispensable, for the
purpose of preventing fraud and perjury, to make
the duties specific whenever the article is of such a
uniform value in weight or measure as to justify
such a duty. Legislation should never encourage
dishonesty, or crime. It is impossible that the rev-
enue officers at the port where the goods are en-
tered and the duties paid, should know with cer-
tainty what they cost in the foreign country. Yet
the law requires that they should levy the duty ac-
cording to such cost. They are therefore com-
pelled to resort to very unsatisfactory evidence to
ascertain what that cost was. They take the in-
voice of the importer, attested by his oath, as the
best evidence of w*hich the nature of the case ad-
mits. But every one must see that the invoice
may be fabricated, and the oath by which it is
supported false, by reason of which the dishonest
importer pays a part only of the duties which are
paid by the honest one, and thus indirectly re-
ceives from the Treasury of the United States a
reward for his fraud and perjury. The reports of
the Secretory of the Treasury, heretofore made on ,1
11 this subject, show conclusively that these frauds
have been practiced to a great extent. The tend-
ency is to destroy that high moral character for
which ourmerchants have long been distinguished;
to defraud theGovernmentofitsrevenue;to break
down the honest importer by a dishonest compe-
tition; and, finally, to transfer the business of im-
portation to foreign and irresponsible agents, to the
great detriment of our own citizens. I therefore
again most earnestly recommend the adoption of
specific duties, wherever it is practicable, ora home
valuation, to prevent these frauds.
1 would also again call your attention to the
fact that the present tariff in some cases imposes a
higher duty upon the raw material imported than
| upon the article manufactured from it, the conse-
| quence of which is that the duty operates to the
encouragement of the foreigner and the discour-
agement of our own citizens.
For full and detailed information in regard to
the general condition of our Indian affairs, 1 re-
spectfully refer you to the report of the Secretary
of the Interior and the accompanying documents.
The Senate not having thought proper to ratify
the treaties which had been negotiated with the
tribes of Indians in California and Oregon, our re-
lations with them have been left in a very unsatis-
factory condition.
In other parts of our territory particular districts
of country have been set apart for the exclusive
occupation of the Indians, and their right to the
lands within those limits has been acknowledged
and respected. But in California and Oregon there
has been no recognition by the Government of the
exclusive risht of the Indians to any part of the
country. They are therefore mere tenants at
sufferance, and liable to be driven from place to
place, at the pleasure of the whites.
The treaties which have been rejected proposed
to remedy this evil by allotting to the different
tribes districts of country suitable to their habits
of life, and sufficient for their support. This pro-
vision, more than any other, it is believed, led to
their rejection; and as no substitute for it has been
: adopted by Congress, it has not been deemed ad-
! 1 visable to attempt to enter into new treaties of a
permanent character, although no effort has been
spared by temporary arrangements to preserve
friendly relations with them.
j, If it be the desire of Congress to remove them
I! from the country altogether, or to assign to them j
j particular districts more remote from the settle-
ij ments of the whites, it will be proper to set apart
by law the territory which they are to occupy, and
, to provide the means necessary for removing them
to it. Justice alike to our own citizens and to the
Indians requires the prompt action of Congress on
this subject.
The amendments proposed by the Senate, to
the treaties which were negotiated with the Sioux
Indians of Minnesota, have been submitted to the j
tribes who were parties to them, and have re-
ceived their assent. A large tract of valuable ter-
ritory has thus been opened for settlement and 1
cultivation, and all danger of collision with these
; powerful and warlike bands has been happily re-
moved.
The removal of the remnant of the tribe of Sem- I
inole Indians from Florida has long been a cher-
ished object of the Government, and it is one to
which my attention has been steadily directed.
Admonished by past experience of the difficulty
and cost of the attempt to remove them by mili-
tary force, resort has been had to conciliatory !
measures. By the invitation of the Commissioner |
of Indian Affairs several of the principal chiefs ,
recently visited Washington, and whilst here ac-
knowledged, in writing, the obligation of their tribe t
to remove with the least possible delay. Late !
advices from the special agent of the Government
represent that they adhere to their promise, and
that a council of their people has been called to
make their preliminary arrangements. A general
emigration may therefore be confidently expected
at an early day.
The report from the General Land Office shows
increased activity in its operations. The survey
of the northern boundary of Iowa has been com-
f>leted with unexampled dispatch. Within the
ast year 9,822,953 acres of public land have been
surveyed, and 5,032,463 acres brought into mar-
ket.
In the last fiscal year there were
sold  1,553,071 acres.
Located with bounty land war-
rants.   3,201,314 acres.
Located with other certificates.. 115,682 "
Making a total of  4,870,067 "
In addition, there were—
Reported under swamp land
grants  5,219,188 "
For internal improvements, rail-
roads, &c  3,025,920 "
Making an aggregate of 13,115,175 "
Being an increase in the amount of lands sold
and located under land warrants of 569,220 acres
over the previous year.
The whole amount thus sold, located under land
warrants, reported under swamp land grants, and
selected for internal improvements, exceeds that
of the previous year by 3,342,372 acres; and the
sales would, without doubt, have been much larger
but for the extensive reservations for railroads in
Missouri, Mississippi, and Alabama.
For the quarter ending 30th September, 1852,
there were sold  243,255 acres.
Located with bounty land warrants 1,387,116 "
Located with other certificates... 15,649 "
Reported under swamp land grants 2,485,233 "
Making an aggregate for the quar-
ter of 4,131,253 "
Much the larger portion of the labor of arrang-
ing and classifying the returns of the last census
has been finished, and it will now devolve upon
Congress to make the necessary provision for the
publication of the results in such form as shall be
deemed best. The apportionment of representa-
tion, on the basis of the new census, has been
made by the Secretary of the Interior, in conform-
ity with the provisions of law relating to that
subject, and the recent elections have been made
in accordance with it.
I commend to your favorable regard the sugges-
tion contained in the report of the Secretary of
the Interior, that provisien be made by law for the
publication and distribution, periodically, of an
analytical digest of all the patents which have
been, or may hereafter be, granted for useful in-
ventions and discoveries, with such descriptions
and illustrations as may be necessary to present
an intelligible view of their nature and operation.
The cost of such publication could easily be de-
frayed out of the patent fund; and I am per-
suaded that it could be applied to no object more
acceptable to inventors, and beneficial to the public
at large.
An appropriation of $100,000 having been made
at the last session for the purchase of a suitable
site, and for the erection, furnishing, and fitting
up of an Asylum for the Insane of the District of
Columbia, and of the Army and Navy of the
United States, the proper measures have been
adopted to carry this beneficent purpose into effect.
By the latest advices from the Mexican Bound-
ary Commission, it appears that the survey of the
river Gila, from its confluence with the Colorado
to its supposed intersection with the western line
of New Mexico, has been completed. The survey
of the Rio Grande has also been finished from the
point agreed on by the Commissioners as " the
point where it strikes the southern boundary of
New Mexico" to a point one hundred and thirty-
five miles below Eagle Pass, which is about two
thirds of the distance along the course of the river
to its mouth.
The appropriation which was made at the last
session of Congress for the continuation of the
survey is subject to the following proviso:
" Provided, That no part of this appropriation
' shall be used or expended until it shall be made
' satisfactorily to appear to the President of the
' United States that the southern boundary of New
• Mexico is not established by the commissioner
•and surveyor of the United States further north
' of the town called ' Paso' than the same is laid
' down in Disturnell's map, which is added to the
' treaty."
My attention was drawn to this subject by a
report from the Department of the Interior, which
reviewed all the facts of the case, and submitted
for my decision the question whether, under exist-
ing circumstances, any part of the appropriation
could be lawfully used or expended for the further
prosecution of the work. After a careful consid-
eration of the subject, I came to the conclusion that
