14
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec 7,
question. If there be anything: in that argument,
it applies with as much tone to you, Mr. Presi-
dent , and to me, and 10 every Senator on this floor,
as to the gentleman who comes from the State
of Kentucky; ami I cannot see for my life, why
we enjoy privileges winch are denied to another
who comes here tinder the same circumstances.
Gentlemen say that to swear in the claimant to
this swat, upon the faith of his credentials, is to
prejudge the question. Prejudge it against whom ?
Against nobody; for there is 110 contest. Nobody
claims the seat. But, if you refuse to permit the
claimant to take his seat, you prejudge the case
against him, and you prejudge the question against
the State of Kentucky. If, then, sir, there is any
thins in that argument, it is all in favor of the
claimant. To permit him to be sworn in prejudges
no one; but by refusing him you prejudge adversely
to him and to Kentucky, you prejudge his creden-
tials, bearing the broad seal of one of the sovereign
Staiesof thisUnion. Are not Senators aware that
if his credentials be respected, and he admitted
to the seat which he claims, the Senate is not pre-
cluded from any future action ? Suppose you ad-
mit the Senator to a seat upon this door, that the
rights and honor and interest of Kentucky may
be preserved, at least according to her own sugges-
tion, and you refer the question to a committee, we
hazard nothing. If the committee, upon investi-
gation, report adversely to his claim, their report
will come before the Senate, where every Senator
will act and vote for himself; and the fact that the
gentleman may have been permitted to occupy a
seat here, will not preclude the right of the Senate
to change its action, and to declare the seat to be
vacant. Then we hazard nothing, for we lose
nothing in this prejudging of the question.
There are said to be doubts concerning this ques-
tion. There may be doubts, Mr. President, but
I must confess that I have not the shadow of a
doubt resting upon my mind that the claimant is
entitled to a seat in this body. But if there be
doubts in the minds of some,—and I presume there
are,—I put the question to honorable gentlemen,
to whose advantage should those doubts inure?
Shall these doubts operate against the formality,
the legality, and even the constitutionality of the ;
claim which is now before us? Shall these doubts
operate against the rights and the interest of one
of the sovereign States of this Union ? Sir, the
veriest criminal who stands charged before his
country with having broken its laws, is entitled
to the benefit of all doubts that may arise. But
here gentlemen tell us there are doubts, and yet
they give not the benefit of the doubts to theState,
but use them against it, and deny her the rights
and privileges which are conceded to the veriest
criminal that stands before the bar of justice.
But I desire to call the attention of the Senate to
a report made by a mISst eminent and distinguished
committee of the Senate upon this very question,
years ago, in the same case to which I have re-
ferred, the case of " Potter vs. Robbins;" and I
hope that my Southern State-Rights friends will
hear. I do not profess, as you all know, to be-
long to the strictest sect of that school, but if I
know myself, I think I am a State-Rights man to
the extent that I ought to be. But I commend
this report to the consideration of my friends who
are extreme on that question, and if they will bear
With me, I will read from it an extract:
"In the performance of this duty, the State acts in its
highest sovereign capacity, and the causes which would
render the (lection of a Senator void, must be such as
would destroy the validity of all laws enacted by the body
by which the [Senator was chosen. Other causes might exist
to render the clectton roMaMe, and these are enumerated in
the Constitution, beyond which the Senate cannot inter
pose its authority to disturb or control the sovereign power
nfth>> States, vested in their Legislatures by the Constitu-
tion of the T'nited States. We might inquire, was the per-
son elected thirty years of age at the time of his election ?
Had he been nine years a citizen of the United States '
Was he, at the tune of his election, a citizen of the State
from which he Hhsll have been chosen? Was the election
h«ld at the time and place directed by the laws of the State ?
These are facts capable of clear demonstration by proofs;
and in the absence of requisite qualifications in either of
the specified cases,or if the existing laws of the State regu-
1 iting the time and place for holding the election were vio-
lated, the Senate, acting under the power to judge of ' the
elections, returns, and euahfications of its own members '
might adjudge the commission of the person elected void'
although in all other respects it was legal and eonstiiu-
tional. But where the sovereign will of the State is made
known through its Legislature, and consummated by its
proper official functionaries jri due form, it would be a dan
,gerous exertion of power to look behind the commfssion for
defects in the component parts of the Legislature, or into
the peculiar organization of the body for reasons to justify
the Senate 111 declaring its acts absolutely null and void.
Such a power, u earned to its legitimate extent, would sub-
ject the enure scope ot State legislation to be oveirilled hv
our decision, and even the rinht of suffrage of individual
members ot the Legislature whose elections were contested
might he set aside. It would also lead to investigations into
the motives ot members 111 easting their votes fur the pur
pose ot establishing a charge ot bribery or corruption 111
particular cases. These matters, jour committee think
properly belong to the tribunals ot' the State, and cannot
constitute the basis on which the Senate could, without au
infringement of State so\eieigni\, claim the nyht tu deelaie
the election of a Senator void who possessed the requisite
qualifications, and was chosen according to the forms of
law and the Constitution.""
That was the report of a very able committee
years ago in the case of "Potter vs. Robbins."
But it is urged, Mr. President, that there is no
vacancy. There are but two questions which
present themselves to my mind, according to my
conception of this case, which we have to decide,
in order to arrive at perfectly satisfactory conclu-
sions upon the subject. What are they ? First,
has a Senator a right to resign in prospeetu; has a
Senator a right to resign, his resignation to take
effect in futuro ? If he has not, then the resignation
of Mr. Clay is void, and all the elections which
have taken place under it are void. But is there a
Senator here who will stake his reputation upon the
assertion that a Senator cannot resign in future?
The whole history of this country is replete with
instances in which resignations have been made
in futuro. Mr. Clay resigned in futv.ro; Mr.
Buchanan resigned in futuro; Mr. Berrien resigned
inftUuro; and all these resignations were received,
acknowledged, and acquiesced in by the Senate.
But there is a stronger case than all. Years
ago this question was settled by the Senate, and
the decision at that time has been acquiesced in
from that day to this, and stands recorded as the
verdict of the Senate from that time. I will give
the case. It occurred as far back as 1815; and
1 this, therefore, is no new question. Jesse Bledsoe,
of the State of Kentucky, resigned in futuro, to
take effect on the 24th of December, holding his
seat in this Capitol at the time. When the 24th
of December arrived, the question arose whether
Mr. Bledsoe could hold his seat beyond that
period or not? Nobody appeared to claim his
place; there was no new appointment, so far as
the Senate were informed. But the 24th of De-
cember arrived, and-aa Mr. Ble4«oe h*d cent on
i his letter of resignation to tee Governor of the
State of Kentucky, the question arose whether
Mr. Bledsoe could hold his seat longer? Mr.
Bledsoe called attention to the fact of liis resigna-
tion in a note, stating that he had gent on his
resignation, to take effect on the 24th of December.
What was the result? He asked the Senate to
decide whether he could hold his seat longer or
not; or, in other words, whether he could revoke
his resignation. If he could not revoke his resig-
nation, it is perfectly clear that he had power to
make it. What was the result ?
" Mr. Roberts submitted the following motion:
"Resolved, That the facts stated in the letter of the hon-
orable Jesse Bledsoe, addressed to tiie President of the
Senate, do not vacate bis seat in the Senate.
'-A motion was made by Mr. Kino to amend the resolu-
tion by striking out therefrom the word 1 not.'"
The amendment was adopted, and the question
on the passage of the resolution, as amended, was
decided in the affirmative—yeas 27, nays G.
Then we find that from the year 1815 to the
present time, the Senate have recognized the power
of a Senator to resign in futuro. And they de-
cide more than that, that from the time he ap-
pended his name to his resignation and sent it
forward, the act is binding to all intents and pur-
poses, and cannot be revoked. Ifjt could not
be revoked, the resignation of Mr. Clcfy was valid,
and the Legislature of Kentucky, being in session,
•had the right, and were bound under the Consti-
tution, to fill the vacancy. Suppose Mr. Clay had ,
lived, could he have held his seat one hour after
the first Monday in September, 1852? Will any
Senator here claim that he could have held his 1
seat one hour after the term specified in hisresigna- I
ti°n had arrived? No one, certainly. And if he !
could not, was not his resignation established to !
be valid; and if valid, had not the Legislature of
Kentucky the right to fill the vacancy, the Legis- i
lature being in session at the time?
I,have referred to various cases, which show |
the same fact. But it is said there is a conflict '
here, and that while gentlemen will not dispute I
! the question tut to whether a Senator can resign |
! i  futuro or not, there is still some doubt as to
: whether the Governor had the power to limit the
tenu for which his pro tem. appointment was made.
These, Mr. President, are the only two points
made in this question: first, whether a Senator has
a right to resign in futuro; and second, whether a
Governor of it State has a right to limit his ap-
pointment? The first is settled by the action of
the Senate. And will any gentleman assert that
the Governor had no power to limit his appoint-
ment, but that all appointments by the Governors
of States extend, by the operation of the Consti-
tution, until the next meeting of the Legislature?
If gentlemen assert that, and if it be true, then we
find ourselves in strange and very extraordinary
circumstances. The Constitution is relted upon
to sustain that position. I do not think it touches
the question. The Constitution says, that " if
' vacancies happen, by resignation or otherwise,
' during the recess of the Legislature of any State,
' the Executive thereof may make temporary np-
'pointments until the next meeting of the Legis-
' Jature, which shall then fill such vacancies." I
want to know what vacancy existed at the time
of the appointment of Mr. Meriwether? The
Governor had the right to fill vacancies occuring—
when ? The Constitution says that the Governor
may fill vacancies occurring during the recess of
the Legislature. Now, the only vacancy that did
occur during the recess of the Legislature, was
that which occurred by the death of Mr. Clay,
and from the date of his death until the first Mon-
day in September, from which time the Legisla-
ture of Kentucky had declared that Archibald
Dixon was to be Senator in the place of Mr. Clay,
made vacant by his resignation, which resignation
Mr. Clay had a right to make, and which vacancy
the Legislature had a right to fill. If Mr. Clay
had a right to resign, and if the Legislature had "a
right to fill the vacancy which occurred by that
resignation, the vacancy is filled, and the question
is settled.
1 can illustrate that proposition by divers instan-
ces which occurred upon this floor. I will give
you one directly in point. Mr. Berrien, the late
Senator from Georgia, resigned in futuro, to take
effect upon a given day. The Governor of Geor-
gia appointed his successor. For how long did
Me appoint hhn f Some gentlemen maintain the
1 proposition that the Governor's appointment un-
ij der the Constitution, must of necessity extend
until the next meeting of the General Assembly.
If that is so, see what a vast amount of confusion,
and discord, and difficulty we meet with. How
long does the Senator from Georgia, [Mr. Charl-
ton,] who was appointed in Mr. Berrien's place,
and who holds his seat so acceptably to all of us
here, hold his seat ? Does he hold it until the next
meeting of the General Assembly of Georgia?
No, sir: Why ? Because the Legislature of Geor-
gia, anticipating a future vacancy, elected another
man to be Senator from the 4th of March next.
So with divers other Sentitors. Suppose that the
remaining Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Under-
wood] should die or resign between this and the
4th of next March, when his term expires under
the provision of the Constitution; the Legislature
of Kentucky have already elected a Senator to
represent that State from the 4th of March.
Now, in such a case, would the Governor of Ken-
tucky have the power to make an appointment
until the next meeting of the General Assembly?
Will any man hazard his reputation by asserting
that he would.' If, then, a Governor cannot do
it in one case, can he do it in another ?
The Constitution makes no distinction between
the powers of the Executive. He simply has the
power, in this respect, to fill such vacancies as
occur during the interregnum of the Legislature.
He has no power to say that his appointment shall
extend to the next roeetingof the General Assem-
bly, because the legislative action of the country
has gone before; and it has ever been held that the
legislative is the superior power, and is entitled to
superior consideration, and has a priority of claim
over the executive power. The Constitution,
; *"ich is relied on in this case, and which ought to'
be adhered to by all, vests the power of choosing
Senators—where? In the Legislatures of the re-
spective States. The Legislature has the great
primary power of electing the Senators. But the
framers of our glorious Constitution, in their wis-
■ dom, anticipating the difficulties that might grow
)|UP  provided a remedy by which all vacancies
