1808.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
15
should be filled during the interregnum of the Le-
gislature—for what purpose? Simply to secure to
the Slates their just and equal representation in
this brunch of the Federal Government. It was
to guaranty to each qf the States of this Union,
under every circumstance that could possibly arise,
her just and equal participation in all the benefits'
flowing frotri the exercise of the functions of this
body. The Legislatures are not in perpetual ses-
sion. The framere of the Constitution knowing
that, provided that when vacancies occur in the
interregnum, there shall be a secondary power,
recognized by the Constitution, that shall fill such
■vacancies. Now, if it be true that the Legislature
is the chief and primary power, and there should
be a contest between the legislative and executive
power, how ought the question to be settled ? That
is as strong a point, m my humble judgment, as
can be presented in this case. The only claim that
can be asserted here in opposition to Mr. Dixon,
■ is, that Mr. Meriwether has a right to.hold his seat
under the executive appointment of the Governor
of Kentucky. I think it is very clear that the
Executive exercised all the power that the Con-
stitution ever conferred upon him in this respect,
when he appointed Mr. Meriwether to fill a va-
cancy Which had been created during the recess of
the Legislature; and that vacancy was only from
the death of Mr. Clay until the time for'which
Mr. Dixon was elected.
But if there be doubts, how Bhall they inure ?
If there be a conflict between the legislative and
the executive power, the whole history of this
Senate, all its precedents, from its organization
down, without an exception, so far as I have been
able to discover, go to prove that the preponder-
ance is in favor of the legislative power. They
all proceed upon the principle that the Legislature
is the great exponent of the sovereignty of the
State; and where there is a conflict the priority
should be accorded to the legislative over the ex-
ecutive power. Is there any controversy here?
Happily for us, there is not. The Legislature of
Kentucky exercised its power according to the ;
requirements oflhe Constitution, and in obedience
to the laws of the State, which I have before me,
in the election of Mr. Dixon. Under the Provi-
dence of Heaven, a vacancy occurred by the death
of Mr. Clay. The Executive of Kentucky comes
forward to discharge his duty. How (Joes he do
it? By appointing Mr. David Meriwether to be
8 Senator in the Congress of the United States—
for what length of time? It is specified ih the
commission, from its date until the first Mon-
day of September—why ? Because the Execu-
tive of Kentucky knew that the Legislature had
Srovided for the representation here from the first
fonday in September; and be it said to his honor,
to his intelligence, and'disinterestedness, he con-
fined himself strictly within the limits prescribed
by law. He guarantied and gave to Mr. Meri-
wether the right to claim a seat here no longer
than the first Monday in September. Then there
is no conflict between the departments of the gov-
ernment of Kentucky. The Legislature and the
Executive both concur in the opinion that Mr.
Meriwether cannot hold his seat longer than the ■
time I have mentioned.
And now I come to inquire—and I do it with
all sincerity, and with the hope that honorable
Senators will take it into consideration—whether
this Senate, upon a case of supposition, or more
upon a case of doubt, will interpose its power to
set aside the concurrent action of all the depart-
ments of one of the sovereign States -of this
Union, in declaring wEo shall represent her inter-
est upon this floor? I ask Senators if they are j
prepared to take that step ? Are you prepared to '
say here that Kentucky shall not, with all the
forms and sanctions of the Constitution, say into
whose hands she will commit her representation
in the Senate? Will you bring up your doubts
and interpose them, and deny to one of the States
of this Union the exercite of her rights? If you
do, sir, how long may it be before that poisoned
chalice may be tendered to your own lips? How !
long may it be before the Senate may interpose
between the departments of your State and her
Senators, and say that you shall no longer sit on
this floor? Sir, 1 regard it as a dangerous exper- j
iment, as an innovation upon the established
usage of the Senate from the Winning to the end.
If the opinions and doubts of Senators here shall j
operate to set aside the concurrent action of a '
State in all its departments, I want to know what
becomes of the dignity, the sovereignty, the inde-
pendence of the States of this Union ? They be-
come mere instruments, mere toys, in the hands
of Senators, to use according to their own caprice.
I think it is a question in which all of us have a
deep interest, in which the whole country is
deeply interested; and I repeat again, that if there
were well-grounded doubts here, they ought for
the present to inure to the benefit of the State of
Kentucky; and if, after investigation, it shall be
found that she is not entitled to be represented by
the gentleman who bring* his credentials here, it
will then be time enough to declare it; but till then
i insist that it is the privilege of Mr. Dixon to be
admitted to his seat, and that it is the duty of the
Senate to grant him all the rights .ami privileges
that are guarantied to a Senator under the Con-
stitution.
I am authorized to say that that honorable gen-
tleman asks nothing; he would ask nothing; he is
incapable of asking anything except what the
broad sanction and authority of his State requires
hint to ask. He comes here, sir, under the man-
tle of Kentucky; he comes here bearing her proud-
est, her highest ensign, which he can never per-
mit to be dishonored in his hands. For him to
agree to postpone her claims for a single day, for
him to agree for one hour, that the voice of the
State of Kentucky shall be still in this Senate
Chamber, would be to dishonor the name of his
State. That he cannot do; and, thank God, that
he will never do. He asks nothing but what the
Constitution, or the Government which he repre-
sents guaranties to him. He asks no more; he can-
not, he dare not, he will not, he would not if he
could, submit to less. Then it is nothing strange if
I protest against this postponement of his rights.
Omnt him his seat upon the flew of the Senate
of tfcf United States; then, if you desire to do
so, send his credentials, with ail the testimonials
which may he brought forward, to a committee,
and if it shall be found that a wrong has been
prepetrated, I know that honorable gentleman
will at once vacate hiB seat; awd I -stand prepared
to say, that so far as my vote east go, it shaH be
given in approbation of such as act. But in the
mean time, we claim that Kentucky shatl be repre-
sented on this ftoor. AH the precedents, so far
I as I have been able to see, stand out in bold re-
• Hef in favor of such a course. The only question
j whether Mr. Clay had power to resign in fitfuro,
j is settled We all hold ottr seats bore on that
| very principle, and no one has ever complained.
If, then, Mr. Clay's resignation was valid, the
Legislature—the power primarily recognized by
the Constitution to fill vacancies—then being in
session, had the right to supply the place made
! vacant by the resignation of Mr. Clay. And
having that right, the individual who claims that
seat is entitled to it. These are my views, which
I submit with the most profound deference to the
consideration of the Senate.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, the question
before us at this moment, I apprehend, is not to
decide upon the right of the gentleman who has
brought his credentials here. Shall we decide
them for him without a reference to a committee?
I apprehend no Senator proposes that. The ques-
tion is upon the reference of the credentials.
The honorable Senator who has just addressed
us, hati attempted to prove that if that gentleman is
not allowed to take his seat at once, under these
testimonials, it will violate the whole usage of the
S.-nate. Sir, that Senator is mistaken. He will
find it impossible to search out a precedent where
one bringing credentials from a Legislature has
taken his seat under them, unless in case of an
admitted vacancy; and the reason is obvious to
common sense, that whether he be entitled or not,
he brings prima facie evidence that he is entitled,
and it is right and just that the representation of
the States should be full until his right is inquired
into if it is questioned. But that is always where
there is an admitted vacancy. The honorable
8enator from Tennessee assumes here that there
is a vacancy; 1 say non constat; it is not admitted.
Honorable Senators have argued, and argued with
great force, to show at least a high degree of prob-
ability that there is no vacancy, but that the rep-
resentation of Kentucky at this moment is full.
Why, the honorable Senator from Tennessee ex-
ultingly says, who can doubt that there is a va-
cancy?—>the roH has been called, the .gentleman
who should fill that aaat does not answer to his
name. He might havesaid, with equal force,that
both the seats to which Kentucky is entitled in
this body are vacant, because, to our regret, one
of the Senators from that State {Mr. Underwood]
has not yet appeared in his seat this session.
And again, I regret to see that an honorable Sen-
ator from Florida [Mr. Mallory] has not yet
appeared; it might, therefore, be argued with equal
force that his seat is vacant. So I am reminded
it might be in the case of the colleague of the hon-
orable Senator from Tennessee himself. I sub-
mit to the honorable Senator, then, that that is no
proof that there is no vacancy.
Now, sir, what are the facts in this case? A
vacancy certainly did occur, to all common ap-
prehension, in the representation of Kentucky in
the Senate, by the decease of the very distin-
guished gentleman whose death we were bo re-
i oently called upon to lament. Nobody doubts
that. An honorable gentleman brought here a
commission from the Governor of Kentucky, by
which the Senate was informed that that vacancy
occurred in the recess of the Legislature, and there-
fore he filled it by a temporary appointment.
Nobody doubts that. The honorable gentleman
who bore that commission sat in his seat here un-
til the close of the last session. That is perfectly
clear. Tint honorable gentleman, so far as I am
informed, never has resigned his seat. He is ab-
sent; but what does that prove ? Nothing, except
that he is absent; and if the fact be as honorable
'Senators have contended, that,under the Consti-
tution, the commission from the Governor made
his office to inure until the next meeting of the
Legislature, he is a Senator now, although he is
absent, and it is in the power of the Senate, if
they think proper, to compel his attendance. It is
perfectly immaterial whetner he is present in this
Chamber or not, so *fer as his right to the seat, or
the question of vacancy, is concerned.
I ought to entertain no definite opinion on this
subject until the question is brought before us in
-the usual form on the report of the committee; and
I make these remarks only to show thai it is not mi
-admitted vacancy. I concede fully, with thehonor-
afele Sanator-ftoni Tennessee, that where there is
an admitted vacancy, and a gentleman brings-here
the ordinary commission of the Governor, if it is
one that occurred in the recess of the Legislature
of the State, or the credentials from the Legisla-
j tore of the State, if the vacancy has occurred by
the expiration of a term while they were in ses-
sion, he brings the proper evidence to entitle him
to fill that vacancy, and if there is a question of
-contest he will hold it until thsrtrcontest is decided.
But the whole question turns upon the fact of the
vacancy. I mean to give no opinion on that. I
mean to say cyily, that if the case is presented to
the Senate prima facie, when there is no vacancy,
and when the representation from Kentucky is
full, the honorable gentleman who has brought the
credentials now from that State, has no vacancy
to fill, and he has not, therefore, brought prima
facie evidence of being entitled to the seat, because
there is no seat to take. These are questions
which should be examined by the committee. I
humbly submit, therefore, to the Senate, that it will
not be a very desirable expenditure of our time to
continue this discussion; but that we should let
the matter be referred to a committee.
Mr. GWIN. Mr. President, like the honor-
able Senator from Virginia, I do not now intend to
•go into the discussion Of this question at length.
■I did not intend to do so. If I had, I should not
'have moved the reference of the subject to a com-
mittee. I wish, though, to put myself right in re-
gard to this question, as it was presented at the
hist session of Congress. The remarks which I
made.on that occasion have been quoted, in part,
by the honorable Senator from Tennessee, to show
that my present course is inconsistent with that
which l then pursued. If that Senator had read
-everything I said, it would have been plain to the
■Senate, that my objection originated in the fact
■that the Governor of the State of Kentucky had
not performed his whole duty—that he had no
■right to make an appointment, and limit that ap-
pointment—that the Constitution gave him no
-power to do so, and that it was an appointment
filling the vaoancy till the next meeting of the
Legislature, or it was no appointment at all. My
-own private opinion was, that it should be de- 
-elared to be no appointment, to show :to -the -Ex-
