1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
21
ing the Treasury circulars, is the real revenue law
under ?which we are living, and under which we
are collecting this surplus revenue.
My own opinion is, that in order to dispose of
this surplus revenue, or to avoid its accumulation,
our first action should be to enlarge the list of free
articles; and that, in the enlargement of that list,
we should have especial reference to the raw ma-
terial which enters into the composition of tjie
manufactured article, the effect of which should be
to place our manufactures upon a par in the foreign
market, as well as in our own, with the manufac-
tures of foreign countries. I have before me a
long list of articles, which, I trust, will be exam-
ined; but I do not propose to trouble the House
with its reading in connection with the few re-
marks I now propose to make. I propose to lay
the list before the Reporters, where it can be ex-
amined at leisure. It does not contain all that 1
would propose to do in the way of reduction, nor
do I undertake to say now, all t here propose
should be done just as proposed; but the list, as
far as it goes, embodies my views in the main.
[Mr. Brooks sent to the Reporters the follow-
ing Bill:]
A Bill to amend " An act reducing the duty on imports, and
for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of America in Congrm assembled,
That from and after the first day of December next, the
" Act reducing the duty on imports, and for other purposes,"
approved July 30,1846, be, and the same is hereby, so far
amended as to exempt from duty the goods, wares, and
merchandise herein named.
1. The goods, wares, and merchandise, mentioned in
schedule H of the said act, and now subject to a duty of
fire per centum ad valorem.
2. Tiie following goods, wares, and merchandise, men-
tioned in schedule E of said act, and now subject to a duty1
of ten per centum ad valorem: Ammonia; annatto, Bancon
or Orleans; barilla; bleaching powders, or chloride of lime;
cochineal; cocoa; cocoa shells; cudbear; fuller's earth ;
gold-beater'* skins; gum arabic and gam Senegal; gum
tragacanth; gum barhary; gum east india; gum jeddo; gum
substitute, or burntstarch; hair of all kinds, uncleaned and
unmanufactured; india rubber in bottles, slabs, or sheets,
unmanufactured; indigo; kelp; lemon and lime juice; na-
tron ; nux vomica; orphiment; palm leaf, unmanufactured;
polishing stones; pumice and pumice-stones; ratans and
reeds, unmanufactured ; rotten stone; soda ash; terra ja-
ponic* or catechu; woad or pastel.
3. The following goods, wares, and merchandise, men-
tioned in schedule P of said act, and now subject to a duty
of fiftecii per centum ad valorem: Arsenic; bark, Peruvi-
an ; bark, Q.uilla; Brazil paste; brimstone, crude, in bulk;
codilla, or tow of hemp or flax; cork-tree hark, unmanu-
factured; dragon's blood; flax, unmanufactured; mineral
kermes; silk, raw, not nore advanced ia manufacture than
singles, tram and thrown ororganzine. '
4. The following goods, wares, and merchandise, men-
tioned in schedule E of said act, and now subject to a duty
of twenty pereentum ad valorem: Aloes; alum; amber;
ambergris; Angora, Thibet, and other goats' hair, or mo-
hair, unmanufactured; anniseed; antimony, crude and
regulusof; assafcetida; bananas; bismuth; bitter apples;
bcnicholeaves; hreccia; cadmium; calamine; cantharides;
cassia buds; cedar wood, ebony, granadilla, mahogany,
rosewood, and satin-wood, unmanufactured; cocoanuts;
coculus indicas; cubebs; dried pulp; emery; felspar; lig
blue; gamboge; green turtle; ipecacuanha; iridium; iris
or orris root; jalap; juniper berries; manna; marine co-
ral, unmanufactured; medicinal drugs, roots, and leaves,
in a crude state, not otherwise provided for; opium; lem-
ons and limes; orange and lemon peel; osier or willow,
prepared for basket-makers' use; pineapples; plantains;
potassium; rhubarb; seppia; shaddocks; sponges; squills;
tapioca; vanilla beans.
5. The following goods, wares, and merchandise, men-
tioned in schedule D of said act, and now subject to a duty
of twenty-five per centum ad valorem: Borax or tinctlat;
calomel; camphor, crude.
6. The following goods, wares, and merchandise, men-
tioned in schedule C of said act, and now subject to a duty
of thirty per centum ad valorem: Cinnamon ; grapes; gum
benzoin or benjamin; pepper; plums; wool unmanufac-
tured, the value of which in the country of production shall
not exceed ten cents per pound.
7. The following goods, wares, and merchandise, men-
tioned in schedule B of said act, and now subject to a duty
of forty per centum ad valorem: Almonds; cassia; cloves;
currants; dates; tigs; ginger root, dried or green; mace;
nutmegs; pimento; prunes;raisins.
I feel, in common with the people of the whole
country, anecessityof amending the tariff of 1846,
of correcting that tariff, and of reducing the rev-
enues collected under it; or rather under the tariff
of 1850. Other gentlemen have views, perhaps,
agreeing with mine, and perhaps differing from
mine in relation to this subject. The duty upon
railroad iron, I hear, is to be repealed in Mo. I
know there is a large interest outside of this
House which will bring the subject before us, and
will compel us to take some vote upon it. My
views upon that subject, it is not now the time nor
• the place to present to the consideration of the
House. My only object is to show that it is ne-
cessary now—even at this early period of the ses-
sion of Congress—to place this whole subject of
the revenue before the House. It cannot be avoid-
ed nor evaded, much, if-any longer. It must be
met, however it has been dodged heretofore. No
man in the. minority or the majority can any
longer well delay action upon it. It will not do
to throw it over to another session of Congress.
It will not do to let this surplus revenue roll on,
accumulating, and accumulating more and more.
It will not do to let these $20,000,000 1% horded
up in the sub-treasuries in the various parti*of the
country; for such hordipg of gold in these sub-
treasuries will work mischief to the cqjnmerce and
trade of the whole country. However this House,
then, may have been hitherto disposed to avoid
this whole subject of the revenue, now is the time
and now is the hour to attend to it. An impera-
tive and overwhelming necessity is upon the Con-
gress of the United States this short session, to act
upon it here. The majority must meet it whether
it will or not. The minority must and will have
an opportunity to present their views upon the
subject of the tariff, and upon that of protection.
I repeat, that there must be legislation now forced
upon the House by this accumulating and over-
whelming surplus revenue—unless Representa-
tives are willing to shirk a duty, the shirking of
which will lead to the most extravagant expend-
itures from the Federal Treasury.
Mr. MILLSON. Will the gentleman from New
York allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. BROOKS. I do not desire to go into the
feneral discussion of this subject. I wish to avoid
iscussion.
Mr. MILLSON. I desire to ask one or two
questions of the gentleman from New York, in
perfect good faith.
Mr. BROOKS. Very well. Go on.
Mr. MILLSON. I am myself exceedingly de-
sirous that there should be some reduction of the
tariff of 1846. While I, at the time of its passage,
predicted that the time would come when some of
the duties under that tariff must and should be re-
duced; and while I desire to vote for the motion of
the gentleman, yet before I can vote for it, I desire
to Know—as the gentleman from New York, ac-
cording to parliamentary usage, would perhaps be
appointed the chairman of that select committee—
upon what articles he would propose to commence
the reduction he wishes to make? Whether he
proposes to make a reduction upon the raw mate-
rial or uppn the manufactured article ?—I mean the
article manufactured in this country.
Mr. BROOKS. It is quite impossible for me to
answer the gentleman's questions in full; but be-
fore I begin to try, I will first, in some remarks,
show I do not desire to be chairman of the com-
mittee.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I rise to a question
of order. I see this discussion will have to be ar-
rested by the decision of the Chair, and it might as
well be clone now as at any other time.
_ According to the decision of the Chair, the mo-
tion first under consideration is not the motion to
print, but the motion to commit, and as such, does
not open discussion upon the merits of the ques-
tion. If remarks are made, they must be confined
to the question of reference.
The SPEAKER. The motion is to commit,
with certain instructions, the portion of the mes-
sage referring to the tariff, if the Chair did not
misunderstand it.
Mr. BROOKS. That is the motion.
The SPEAKER. According to the Chair's un-
derstanding, that opens the whole subject for dis-
cussion.
Mr. BROOKS. Before I answer the questions
of the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Miiason,]
I desire to say in the first place that I was not
aware, or my attention was not till now called to
the fact, that courtesy would place me at the head
of that committee. But if this resolution shall
pass, I wish so to amend it as to allow the com-
mittee to select its own chairman, because, being,
as I am, in the minority in this House, and being
desirous of the passage of some bill upon this sub-
ject, it would be improper and indelicate in me to
forestall the action of the majority by a course
which would place me at the head of the commit-
tee. I therefore propose so to modify the resolu-
tion as to allow the select committee, when formed,
to choose its own chairman.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. You cannot do
that.
Mr. MILLSON. 1 hope the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Brooks] will not understand me
as objecting to his acting as the chairman of that
committee.
Mr. BROOKS. Not at all.
Mr. MILLSON. If the gentleman's opinion*
are the same as mine, I desire his appointment.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will remark that
the question of the formation of the committee
will come up when the motion is carried—if it be
carried—to form the committee.
Mr. BROOKS. I desire to answer the questions
of the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Millson,]
more fully than I can now do. The bill which I
now have before me looks to the enlargement of
the free list of articles imported, and to a reduc-
tion of duty upon raw materials which enter into
the composition of manufactured articles. I do
not, however, desire to go into the discussion of
this question. I might go further in the reduction
of du ties upon other articles not in the bill I have be-
fore me. There are some few home-made articles,
upon which the existing tariff is an utter prohibi-
tion. I do not think that the country, or any
great portion of the people, desire such a prohibi-
tion of foreign articles. The wise rule is, so to
collect your duties as to avoid prohibition from
abroad, while keeping up, or stimulating a healthy
competition at home. There are, no doubt, some
articles which, under the wrongful action of the
tariff of 1846, have an entire monopoly of the home
market, free from all foreign' competition; and all
such errors I would wish to correct.
Mr. HALL. I wish to ask the gentleman from
New York one question: He speaks about the
feelings in the country in relation to the tariff of
1846. He assumes to speak the general sentiment
of the whole country in regard to that matter.
Now, 1 want to know upon what ground he as-
serts that the country generally want a change in
the tariff of 1846?
Mr. BROOKS. I ask the gentleman to specify
to what remark he alludes.
Mr. HALL. The gentleman says there are cer-
tain articles of manufacture which are to be admit-
ted free of duty. Then he says that there must be
such a change, in order to produce a healthy com-
petition between the American and foreign manu-
facturer. I desire to know upon what ground the
gentleman makes his assertions ?
Mr. BROOKS. I will answer the gentleman's
question by asking another. Does the gentleman
propose that the $20,000,000 of surplus revenue
now in the Treasury shall go on accumulating till
the meeting of the next Congress, next December
—a year ahead ?
Mr. HALL. Certainly not.
Mr. BROOKS. I answer, then, in reply to the
gentleman's interrogatories, that there must be
some action upon the tariff. Now, what that ac-
tion shall be, I have no power to propose, nor
have I any wish to discuss the question. If dis-
cussion comes up at all, it is because it is forced
upon me against my will.
Mr. HALL. I understood the gentleman to
say that there was a general desire in the country
to change the tariff of 1846.
Mr. BROOKS. I said I had my own views ,
upon that subject.
Mr. HALL here made a remark which was
not heard by the Reporter.
Mr. BROOKS. Oh, let us, now that we are as-
sembled again, try to legislate forjthe common good
of the country. Oh, let us for once pay attention
to the business of the people; and, free from the
excitement of the presidential election and its at-
tendant politics, devote ourselves to the business
of the country.
Mr. HALL. That is what I want to do, I as-
sure the gentleman. But if the tariff is to be
changed, I desire it to be done to meet the wants
and wishes of the whole people.
Mr. BROOKS. _ The gentleman has a majority
of sixty menfbers in this House on his side, and
when the subject comes up before the House for
action, it is in the power of that sixty majority to
shape a tariff in whatsoever form they may desire.
I am an humble member of the minority, and hav«
ing no power to dictate what that shape shall be,
I have only desired, at the earliest opportunity, to
bring before the House the fact, that there were
nearly twenty millions surplus revenue in the
Treasury, ana to show that now is the day and
now the hour in which the majority, as well as
