22
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 7,
the minority, will be compelled to act upon the
subject of the tariff.
Mr. MILLSOX. I would suggest that a small
reduction would increase that surplus.
Mr. BROOKS. That depends altogether upon
the mode and manner in which the reduction is
made, and that mode and manner I do not now pro-
pose to discuss. 1 will sav to the gentleman from
Virginia, that I am aware that the tariff may be so
altered, even by a reduction ofduty ,as in soniecases
to enlarge the revenues of the country; but, as I
have already said, that subject I do not propose
to en'er into. I wish to avoid the details of this
discussion as much as possible. I expect if this
committee is appointed,that the majority will take
the custody of it into their own hands. I assure
the House that I will so modify this resolution as
to avoid beinsr placed at the head of that commit-
tee. I have no right to that post. The majority
of the House have the right to it, and ought to
have it. It is an onerous and responsible duty,
■which I do not wish to assume. My simple and
only object in rising to make this proposition this
second day of the session, and this 7th of Decem-
ber, when already we are one week behind the
usual time for the assembling of the session, with
not sixty working days in all left before us—when
we have gone through the ceremonials which it
will be necessary for us to go through with—is to
propose the appointment of a committee at the
earliest possible period in the session, by the
Speaker, who represents a majority of this House,
and to have a committee constituted which shall
represent the views and wishes of a majority of
the members of this House, and which shall at the
same time compel some action upon the tariff and
the revenues.
I am aware, Mr. Sneaker, that it will tie said
in this Hall that this whole subject ought to beleft
to the Committee of Ways and Means. I think
I have shown satisfactorily that that committee
cannot take up this subject and investigate it as it
should be done. I repeat, that their immediate at-
tention must be devoted to the appropriation bills,
and that the consideration of these appropriation
bills will occupy their whole time for the sixty
days of the session. I have therefore asked for
the appointment of this select committee by the
Chair, which shall have reference especially to the !
subject of the revenues of the country. That j
committee will be better able to investigate the I
matters connected with this subject than the Com-
m'ttee of Ways and Means, whose especial busi-
ness it is to attend to the appropriation bills.
I indulge the hope, therefore, Mr. Speaker, that
this whole message will not be as messages have
hitherto been, thrown into that common mael-
strom of the Committee of the Whole, or into the
vortex of the Committee of Ways and Means.
I indulge the hope that the whole subject will be
thoroughly examined, now that the presidential
election is over, and now that the House, as I
trust, is disposed to give an examination to finan-
cial and commercial questions, rather than to com-
paratively unimportant political matters.
I repeat, then, sir, it is not possible fairly to avoid
action an/ longer, and that any delay whatever,
from this moment down, will lead to that final de-
lay, in which there can be no intelligent or intelli-
gible action whatever.
_ Mr. CLINGMAN. If I understand the mo-
tion of the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Brooks') aright, I intend to support it. 1 wish
not to make a speech upon the subject, but merely
to add one word of explanation. While I differ
from the gentleman from New York in some of
the remarks he has made, I like the proposition
submitted by him, on the whole, and am very
much gratified that he made the motion. I have
some personal reason for so saying, for, Mr.
Speaker, I believe 1 am the only person—at any
rate, I have not had much assistance upon this
side of the House—who has been.for some time
past, insisting upon a reduction or a repeal of some
of the existing duties. I congratulatemyself, there-
fore, in finding the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Brooks,] who formerly stood upon a differ-
" ent platform, is now with me. I mean to vote for
his motion, whether it is made in good faith or
not—and I do not pretend to doubt but that it is
made in good faith. With whatever motive it is
made, I mean to support it; but I shall perhaps
dfier with the gentleman when his committee
comes in with its report. If I understand the
tenor of his remarks, his object is to make the
present tariff more unequal t)ian it is now. My
object will be rather to equalize the burdens among
the different classes. I am willing to take up the
whole subject of the reduction of duties. I agree
with him that these duties generally are too high.
There is no reason why the Government should
have fifty millions of revenue. 1 endeavored to
press this point upon the attention of Congress at
the last session, and have done so at previous ses-
sions."
1 should be perfectly satisfied to see the revenue
reduced to thirty millions; and if we raised it by
direct taxation we would not dare to collect more
than twenty or thirty millions. I am, therefore,
with the gentleman in the proposition to go for-
ward and reduce the taxes; but when we come to
specify the particular items, 1 fear that my frierd
[Sir. Brooks] and myself will be found differing a
little.
He is willing to reduce the five per cent, duties
upon dye-stuffs and other chemicals for the benefit
of manufacturers. Perhaps I may agree with him
in that in a spirit of compromise; but 1 am for
going one step further. When the manufacturers
are relieved from five per cent, duties, 1 say they
ought not to complain of our reducing the thirty
and forty per cent, duties upon manufactured arti-
cles. If five per cent, is too much for them to bear,
then I say forty per cent, is also too much for the
farmers to pay. I am disposed, therefore, to go
into the whole subject fairly. I believe, for ex-
ample, we ought to reduce the duties upon raw
wool, so as to let in the coarse kinds of South
American wool for the benefit of our manufacturers
of the coarser fabrics, and I am willing now to re-
duce it down to twenty per cent.; but I am not
willing at the same time to increase the duties upon
the manufactured articles.
I had, Mr. Speaker, one objection to the tariff
of '46 at the time it passed. I thought it was too
great and too sudden a reduction. Ft did fall hard
upon the manufactures of that day. But six years
have gone around, arid we have now come to a
point of time when we may make a further reduc-
tion of the taxes. Our object ought to be to make
the collection of the necessary revenue with the
smallest burden to the community, and as we have
a large surplus on hand let us move-gradually for-
■wartTto lighten that burden.
My friend from New York [Mr. Brooks] refers
to the duty upon railroad iron. I hope we shall
get a direct vote upon that question. I believe the
whole country is calling for a repeal of that duty.
But having spoken upon this subject upon former
occasions, I will say nothing further now.
My sole purpose in rising was to say why I
shall vote for the motion of the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Brooks,] though I do not agree
entirely with the speech he has made in its sup-
port. I am gratified that the motion comes from
a gentleman who has heretofore been identified
with the protectionist party, and I intend to go for
it, though I do not wish it understood that I in-
dorse all the views he has thrown out to-day.
I hope the House will take up the subject. Let
us have that committee. I am not afraid of their
report. If they bring in a report which we do not
like, we need not adopt it. I trust gen'lemen on
both sides of the House will concur in supporting
the motion. Let it be remembered that the prop"-
osition is one to reduce the duties, and thereby reduce
the revenue to the lowest sum that will defray the
expenses of the Government economically admin-
istered. From the gentleman's speech one might
infer that his purpose was only to reduce the rev-
enue, which could be done by increasing duties to
the point of prohibition. If this be his object, his
proposition does not so state. It is fair on its face,
being to reduce the duties lower than they now are.
The friends of free trade itself cannot object to
that. The subject is one which requires legisla-
tion; and I am willing to get at it in this mode.
When we have it in hand, it will be for the majo -
?n "oor t0 decide how far we ought to  o.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi. I listen wTth
pleasure to the remarks of the gentleman from
IVew York, [Mr. Brooks.] I always listen to
that gentleman with pleasure, hut I listened to him
to-day with some degree of surprise. I recollect
very well that when the tariff of 1846 was being
adjusted, thatgentleman and his friends were con-
fident in the opinion that it would po cut off our
revenue as literally to starve the Government.
A very distinguished gentleman from Ohio, no
longer a member of this House,—I allude to Mr.
Vinton,—was very confident ihat it would not
produce exceeding $18,000,0(1(1, and his party
friends were equally confident that such would
be the result; and now when we have fairly tested
that prat measure of revenue, we have the gen-
tleman from New ^ ork [Mr. Brooks] coming in,
I suppose by the authority of his party, and telling
us that the tariff of Wfi has not only supplied the
needful revenue to the Government,—may I not
add a wasteful and extravagant Government?—
but that we have a surplus accumulated which we
do not know what to do with. We have not
$•,'0,000,000, as the gentleman says, but perhaps
514,000,000 of surplus. We are in debt—how
many millions' I do not know,—some sixty or
seventy millions, I believe. The message of the
Presidentof theUnited States does not disclose the
extent of our indebtedness,'and as yet we have not
seen the other executive documents. The gentle-
man says we have a large and increasing surplus,
and he is distressing himself for a place to put it.
I answer, we ai e in debt. There is a capital place
to dispose of your surplus revenue. Pay your
debts with it. It isthemost legitimate and proper
disposition you can make of the money accumu-
lated in the Treasury. Besides this, sir, I have
yet to learn that your appropriations of the lust
session have been fully met, and that those neces-
sary for the futuie have been provided for. If all
the schemes set on foot during the last session
shall be carried out, and one half of those now
before you shall receive your sanction, there will
be no surplus; if mail steamers are to be sent to
" all parts of the world; if our rivers and harbors
are to be improved on the scale indicated by the
recent action of Congress; if our coasts are to be
protected by an efficient naval force; if our har-
bors are to be fortified, and our frontiers guarded
against Indian depredations; if all this is to be
done you will have no surplus. Some of these
objects meet my sanction, and others do not. But
Congress has indicated its purpose to embrace
them all in its policy. Besides, there are other
objects that may not be disregarded. We have
very delicate relations with Mexico, which may
yet involve us in the payment of a largo sum of
money. We agreed to protect Mexico against
| Indian depredations. What the depredations com-
mitted upon that friendly Power by the Indians,
' in violation of the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo,
have been, remains yet to be told. Rumor in-
forms us that the damage amounts to some fifteen
or twenty millions of dollars. You will probably
have a comrrtission to adjudicate those claims,
and the sums awarded will have to be paid. There
is one other place to dispose of a part of your
surplus.
As far as thetariffis concerned, ♦'have no in-
tention at this time to enter into a discussion of it.
I did not suppose that at this early day of the
session this question was to be sprung; but since
it is before us, I know of no reason why we may
not as well discuss it now, as at any other time;
and I trust that gentlemen who are prepared, as
doubtless many are, will submit their views to the
House and to the country; that they will come
forward and let us understand what ore their
views, and what they desire shall be the policy of
the Government in this respect.
For myself, sir, I am satisfied with the tariff of
'46. As to our returning to the minimums and
specifics, or to protection for the sake of protection,
I as was more than hinted at by the gentleman from
■ New York, [Mr. Brooks,] for one I am utterly
opposed to it; and before I vote for a reference of
this resolution, with the instructions embodied in
it, I must know what are the purposes of gentlemen
, on the other side, and what sort of modification of
the tariff they desire. Is it their purpose to re-
I duce the revenue? If such be the purpose, will
they increase or diminish the duties on foreign
j goods? Suppose you reduce it twenty-five oreven
twenty per cent., what do gentlemen suppose will
be the effect? Are we to get more or less revenue
by such a reduction? Representing, as I do, a
I planting constituency, who have prospered under
, the operations of this tariff of lr-46 as they have
never prospered before, I am unwilling to see it
I disturbed, unless I understand the purposes for
t which it is to be disturbed. First let me know
I what will be the effect of your interference with
it. My constituents are raising more cotton than
