185!.
■rtttfi congressional GLARE.
at any former period, and are getting better prices
for it. We are satisfied with the present revenue
laws. We are willing to pay, and do pay, as I
think I can demonstrate, more revenue in propor-
tion to our population than you do. We are
willing to pay it if you will let us alone.
1 ros^, sir, merely to make a remark or two,
which I trust may elicit from gentlemen on the
other side of the House suggestions as to what
they expect to accomplish by this movement;
whether they intend to have an ascending or
descending scale of duties; whether the revenue is
to be cut off by reducing the rates of taxes, or by
increasing them. If gentlemen will furnish this
information, then I can make up my mind whether
1 can vote for the proposition of the gentleman
from New York. Unless 1 am enlightened on this
point, I shall be constrained to vote against the
proposition.
Mr. DEAN. I am astonished, Mr. Speaker,
that my colleague should at this time introduce
a proposition to reduce the duties levied by the
tariff of 1846, especially when the President of the
United States, in his message read yesterday in
our hearing, repeats his former recommendations
in favor of "discriminating* and protective du-
ties;" nor can I understand how the gentleman
can consistently make it, so soon after the politi-
cal party of which he is so prominent a member,
has come out of a canvass in which it made an
increase of the duties levied by the tariff of 1846
one of the chief issues; for I know, from mv own
observation, that in all the northeastern <nd man-
ufacturing States, the principal, almost the only
distinctive issue that was made by that party,
was opposition to what they termed the "frte-
trade tariff' of 1846."
Mr. RICHARDSON. So they did at the West.
Mr. DEAN. Of the manner in which the
canvass was conducted in the West, I was not ad-
vised, but spoke from my own knowledge in re-
lation to the Northeast. And I cannot, therefore'
repress this expression of surprise at hearing from
my colleague, within twenty-fojpr hours after our
assembling, this proposition to " rtduce the duties"
now levied. But in what manner is this reduc-
tion to be effected ? Is it by an increase of the
free list—by a reduction on the raw material
alone—or by a pro rata reduction of all duties?
On this subject we are not informed, but areasked
to go on blindly and raise a committee, with al-
most unlimited powers, but whose general object
is to take testimony, and report some method of
reducing the present receipts of revenue. To this
proposition I am opposed, and for abundant, and, to
my mind, satisfactory reasons. I, however, have
no intention at this time to discuss the subject, but
rise to give what I regard as a controlling objec-
tion to the appointment of this select committee.
We have already, by the rules of this House, a
Committee of Ways and Means; and it is made
their especial duty, by the 78th standing rule of
the House, " to inquire into and report on the
subject of the revenue."
And I take the liberty of asking my colleague
Whether, during all of the last session of Congress,
he was not a member of that committee; and
whether, during the whole of that session, either
he or any other member of that committee made
any reportj or introduced, or proposed any Bill for
the redaction, alteration, or modification of our
present system of duties ?
Mr. BROOKS. With the gentleman's permis-
sion, I will reply, in explanation, that at the last
session the Committee of Ways and Means were
not aware that on the 1st day of July, whilst Con-
gress was in session, there were $14,000,000 of
surplus revenue; nor that by the 1st of January
there would in all probability be $20,000,000 of
surplus revenue.
If the gentleman will allow me, f wilt answer an-
other question. I would be happy to tell him what
I was after, and what the committee 1 would have,
were after, had 1 the appointment of that'commit-
tee. What that committee shall do, will be for
the majority in this House—for the Speaker, who
has the appointment of the committers—to Say.
Mr. DEAN. I atn glad to have afforded .the
gentleman an opportunity to explain the apparent
inconsistency of his position. But, as I before
stated, I did not rise to debate the necessity or
propriety of a change in any of the details of our
present tariff system, but am willing, and anxious,
at a proper time, to enter into a full examination
and defense, if any be needed, of the principle of
the tariff of 1846, and to discuss ana vote upon
any modifications that may be proposed, for I
have no doubt it may, in some of its details, be
improved; but to a change of the principles upon
which it is based, I am, as I know a vast majority
of the people of the nation are, opposed: And as
a committee already exists, by the rules of this
House, whose duty it is to inquire into the very
subject for which this special committee ft sought
to be raised, 1 shall vote against the amendment
of my colleague. Beside, if I am not mistaken, a
committee, of which General James is chairman,
for a precisely similar purpose, and with equal
frowers, was appointed by the Senate during the
ast session. That committee has been in session
during nearly, or quite all of the recess, taking
testimony, and is soon to report. We have now
less than three month* before us, and have, in my
judgment, enough to do without retaking testi-
mony which has already been once taken, and for
a similar purpose, and can as well be used by the
standing committee of this House. I desire to
rescue this question of the tariff, which affects the
business relations of the whole people, from the
party politics of the country, and think it should
oe taken up at another time.
With regard to the proper disposition of the
surplus revenue now accumulated in the Treas-
ury, no difficulty can arise. We have a public
debt of more than $60,000,000, and it would be
the dictate of ordinary prudence to apply the sur-
plus revenues to the liquidation of this before we
take any measures for diminishing those revenues.
And after the universal cry of protection, which
we have heard from the Whig party, I cannot
think they are in earnest in taking the lead in re-
ducing the tariff. I must apply the maxim
" Ttmto Danaos," and intrust this duty to the
hands of the next Administration.
As the Htfuse is evidently entirely unprepared
for the discussion of this question at this time, I
deem it my duty to conclaae by moving the pre-
vious question.
i [Cries of " That's right!" "That's right!"]
The call for the previous question ^as seconded ,
and the main question ordered to be put.
Mr. ROBBINS. I demand the yeas and nays
on the amendment of the gentleman from New
York.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
| The amendment was again read.
Mr. BROOKS. According to my promise, with
the consent of the House, I will modify my amend-
ment, that the select committee shall have power to
elect its own chairman.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. That cannot be
dope, under the rule.
The SPE AKER. Thegentleman cannot modify
unless by the unanimous consent of the House.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would inquire of
the gentleman from New York, whether it is the
design to have the proposed committee go to New ]
York, Philadelphia, Boston, and San Francisco,
and every other place in the country?—it says,
" here and elsewhere,"
[Cries of "Order!" " Order !"and "Let us
vote it down."]
A Mehbis. Would it be in order to move that
the amendment be Mid'upon the table?
The SPEAKER. It would be in order, but the
entire subject would go with it;—the message and
all would go to the table.
Mr. MEADE. _ If this amendment be voted
down, 1 shall submit another, contemplating alone
the surplus revenue and the public debt.
The SPEAKER. Such a proposition would not
brein order, pending the previous question. De-
bate is not in order.
Mr. HOUSTON. WithtlieChair'sindulgence,
I would suggest, should the House See lit to vote
down the present proposition,- and to referthe mes-
sage to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, whether the precise inference desired
by the gentleman could not be matle with such in-
structions as might irteet With the approbation of
the House?
The SPEAKER. It'tfrouW be in the power of
the Committee of the Whole on tire state 6f the
Union, to make such a recommendation to the
House. ..
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Suppose the
message be referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and that com-
mittee never acts up6ti ft, Will it, then, ever be
acted upon ? [Laughter.]
Mr. HOUSTON. It wotfM not be referred to
the committee, if the gentleman does as he did last
session, interpose objections.
The question was then taken on the amendment
submitted by Mr. Brooks, and it was rejected—
yeas 73, nays 93; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Bennett, Bibjghaua,
Bowne, John H. Boyd, Brenton, Briggs, Brooks', E. C.
Cabell, Chandler, Chapman, Churehwell, CHngman, Cott-
inan, Cullom. Disney, Dockerv, Doty, Eastman, Edmund-
son, Gayiord, Gentry, Harper, Haws, Haacall, Haven,
Hebard, Horgford, John W. Howe, Thomas M. Howe,
Thomas Y. How, Hunter, JamesJohnson,George G. King,
Kuhns. Meacham, Miller, Millson, Miner, Molony, Henry
D. Moore, John Moore, Morehead, Nabers, Orr, Outlaw,
Samuel W. Parker, Penniman, Perkins, Porter, Price,
Ross, Sackett, Savage, Schermerhorn, Schoolcraft, Scud-
der, Smith, Stanly, Benjamin Stanton, Alexander H. Ste-
phens, Strttton, Taylor, Thnrttott, WalBrldgw, Walsh,
Ward, Watkins, Welch, Alexander White, Williams,
Woodward, and Yates—73.
NAYS—Messrs. Charles Allen, John Appieton, Avei-ett,
Bahcack, Bocook, Bowie, Bragg, Albert G. Brown, Buell,
Joseph Cable, Lewis D.Campbell, Canter, Caekie, Chas-
lain, Clemens, Cleveland, Cobb, Cnlcuck, Curtis, Darby,
JohnG. Davis, Dawson, Dean, Dimniick, lidgerton,Faulk-
ner, Florence, Floyd, Freeman, Thomas J. D. Fflller, Gam-
ble, Gilmore, Goodenow, Goodrich, Gorman, Green, Grow,
Hall, Hamilton, I sham G. Harris, Sampson W. Harris,
Hart, Hendricks, Hean, Hillyer, Holladay, Houston, Inger-
soll, Ives. Jackson, Jenkins, Andrew Johnson, John John-
son, Daniel T. Jones, George W. Jones, J. Glan<-y Jones,
Preston King, Kurta,Letcher. Lockhart, Mace, McDonald,
McLanahan, McMullen, McNair, McQueen, Meade, Mor-
rison, Murray, Penn, Phelps, Polk, Powell, Richardson,
Biddle, Robi'ins, Robie, David L. Seymour,O risen S. Sey-
mour, Skelton, Smart, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H.
Stanton, Abraham P. Stephens, Stuart, Sutherland, Sweet-
ser, Towoahend, Venable, Wallace, Wilcox, and Wil-
drick—9'3.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
The question was then taken on the motion to
referthe President's message and accompanying
documents to the Committee of the Whole oil the
state of the Union, and agreed to.
The question was put on the amendment of Mr.
whighthan, and it was rejected. t r
The proposition of Mr. Jonks was then agre$l
to-
Mr. HOUSTON moved to reconsider, the Tote
last taken,, and tp lay, the nption to .reconsider op
the table; which latter motion was agreed, .to.
MR. CORWIN AND THE GARDINER CLAIM.
Mr. KING, of New York. At 'the close of
the last session of Congress, a committee was ap-
pointed to investigate the cfairti of G'. A. Gardiner,
which had been allowed by the Co'rrirtirsSionetS
for the examination of Mexican claims, and tlft
connection of the Hen. Thomas Corwin, Secre-
tary of the Treasury, with its allowance. They
were instructed to file their report, an'd the testi-
mony they might take, with the Clerk of the
House during the recess. At that time the com-
mittee, not being full, determined that at a subse-
quent-period they would consider and report to
the llouse such legislative remedy as they deemed
thecircumstances required to prevent frauds on the
Treasury. I now send to the Speaker, " A bill to
prevent frauds on the Treasury of the'United
States," which is from that committee. I'do hot
expect that the House will, at this time, take arty
action on the matter, and Will only rtiove that the
bill, and the report and testimony which were
filed with the Clerk during the recess, be ordered
to be printed; and for the purpose of keeping the
subject before the House, that the bill and report
be recommitted to the Select Committee.
The bill was read a first and second time by
its title.
lit makes it a penitentiary off&nse for any
Officer of the Government—neither executive or
legislative—to purchase or become interested in
claims against tne United States, or to prosecute
claims for a fee.]
Mr. KING'. I ask that the question be now
taken only on the motion to print.
"Hie question was then taken On tfre motionto
pllnt the bill and report, and it was agreed to.
ELECTION OF CHAPLAIN,
Mr. McMULLlN. Is it not the tlutyof the
House now to proceed to the execution of Hs
order of yesterday, in regard to the election of a
Chaplain ?
Mr. FLORENCE. I move that the Hwiige do
now proceed to the execution of that bi-d'er.
Mr. GENTRY. Allow me to m^ke a sug-
gestion that will meet, I think, with the general
