24
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 8,
concurrence of the House. I expect that the
Speaker will desire a Jay or two to rearrange the
committees, and that members will wiuu a little
leisure to find lodgings tor the winter, &c., and
therefore move iliat when the House adjourns to-
day, it be to meet on Thursday next.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would state to
the gentleman there is some business that will
have to be done, and which may be done as well
to-morrow as at any other time. The deaths of
several members have to be announced.
Mr. GENTRY. Well, I wilL not press my
motion now.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I move that
the House do now adjourn.
The question was put, and the House refused
to adjourn, there being on a division—ayes 61,
noes 72.
THE ELECTION OF CHAPLAIN.
The question then recurred on the motion of
Mr. Florence that the House do now proceed
to the election of a Chaplain; which motion was
put to the House, and carried in the affirmative.
The SPEAKER having stated that nomina-
tions were in order, the following nominations
were made, viz:
By Mr. FLORENCE: Rev. L. F. Morgan".
By Mr. INGERSOLL: Rev. T. C. Teas-
dale.
.. By Messrs. GENTRY and HALL: Rev.
James Gallaher.
By Mr. MACE: Rev. Robert L. Dashiell.
By Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee: Rev. J. H.
d. Carlin.
By Mr. McLANAHAN: Rev. John George
Bctler.
By Mr. SCHERMERHORN: Rev. R. R.
Gurlet.
By Mr. DUNCAN: Rev. R. W. Ccshman.
By Mr. COBB: Rev. Joseph Cross.
By Mr. FULLER, of Maine: Rev. Orville
Dewey.
The names of Rev. Messrs. Cross and Butler
were withdrawn pending the call of the roll.
Mr. HENN asked to be excused from voting.
The SPEAKER appointed Messrs. Floren-ce,
Iwgersoll, Schermerhork, and Dvscss to act
as tellers to count the vote. j
The tellers having taken their seats at the i
Clerk's desk, the House proceeded to vote, «ica ,
voce, for Chaplain.
The roll having been called, the tellers reported 1
that 170 votes had been cast; necessary toachoice I
86; of which—
Rev. Mr. Gallaher received 102
Rev. Mr. Morgan 28
Rev. Mr. Gurley  13
Rev. Mr. Cushman  12
Rev. Mr. Carlin  5
Rev. Mr. Teasdale  5
Rev. Mr. Dashiell  3
Rev. Mr. Dewey  2
, „ • 170
The following is the vote in detail:
For Rev. James Gallaher—Messrs. Abercrombie, Bo-
cock, Breckinridge, Brooks, A. G. Brown, Busbv, L. D.
Campbell, Cartter, Cashie, Cliastain, Church well. Clemens,
Darby, Dawson, Faulkner, Freeman, Genirv, Goodenow,
Green, Hall, Harper, Hawaii, Haven, Horstord, Howard,
A. Johnson, James Johnson, John Johnson, R. W. Johnson
£' '''■ -|"neF'G' ,VV; J""*", Letcher, MeCorkle.McDonold!
McMulhn, Meade,Miller, Miner, Molony,J. Moore New-
W-Parker, Penn, Phelps, Polk, Porter, Price, Reed,
Riddle, Robie,Itasgeli, Savage, D. L. .Seymour, B. Stanton,
Swan, Sweetser, Ward, Watkins, Welch, Alex. VVh.te
Wilcox, \ ates, F. P. Stanton, R. H. Stanton, S. W. Harris
\ enable, flart, J. Appleton,J. G. Jones, Beale, Nabers, A.
H. Stephens, Grow, C urtis, Briggs, Ctinstnan T H Hiviv
Taylor, Gorman, Gaylord, Chapman, A^^^^
«r',?lc Uoly> Maral all, Hillyer, J. G. Davis
Wildnck, T. Campbell, Gilmore, Sackett, Cobb, Jackson'
J'ti?",'. c.u"om> McLanahan, McNair, H. D. Moore'
and Wal bridge. moore,
For Rev. L. F. Morgan—Messrs. C. Allen, Bibiehaus
Bowie Bowne, Brenton, Buell, J. Cable, Eastman, Edger-
T"M Howe8^"'V E?nCe'rFl0yd,'H2m'lt0n'J' W' Howe>
T.M.Howe, T. Y How, Ives, Jenkins, P. King, Mason
a'^ym^dPWalTan> Perki"8'R°bblns>
Martin, Schoolcraft, Sutherland, and Waslibirn. '
„r". ^-Cushman—Messrs. A verett, Chandler
Celcock, Disney, Duncan, Holladay, Mcdueen, Powell'
Kobinson, Stratton. Wallace, and Woodward. *
R For Rev. J-H.D, Carlin—Messrs. W. Allen,Linn Bovd
Dunham, J. G. Harris, and Williams. ' ' ■
For Rev. T. C. Teasdale—Messrs. Doekery, Insersoll
Xockhart, Smart, and Thurston. ' necrso11 >
For Rev. KoVri L. Dashiell—Messrs. Cottman, Hen-
drirk^. ami M •
For Kit. Or idle Dewey—Messrs. G. T. Davis and T.
J. P. Fuller.
The Rev. James Gallaher having received a
majority of the votes cast, was declared to be duly
elected Chaplain.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, moved that the
House adjourn; which motion was agreed to.
And the House thereupon adjourned till to-
morrow* at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, December 8, 1852.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. C. M. Butler.
The Hon. John- P. Hale, of the State of New
Hampshire, appeared in his seat to-day.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tem. laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Commissioner of the General
Land Office, communicating, in compliance with the
act of March 3, 1851, for the settlement of certain
classes of private land claims within the Bastrop
Grant, a report of the register and receiver of the
land office at Monroe, Louisiana; which was read.
Also, a report of the Secretary of the Interior,
made in compliance with a resolution of the Sen-
ate, in relation to the classification and appointment
of clerks in the Executive Departments; which was
read and ordered to be printed.
PAPPRS WITHDRAWN.
On motion by Mr. SEWARD, it was
Ordered, That F. Huttman be permitted to withdraw his
memorial and papers.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. CHASE gave notice of his intention to ask
leave to introduce a bill to grant to the State of
Ohio the unsold and unappropriated public lands
remaining in that State.
Mr. GW1N gave notice of his intention to ask
leave to introduce a bill to set apart a portion of
the public lands for the construction of certain
railroads from the Mississippi river to the Pacific
ocean.
LIEUTENANT GENERALSHIP. I
Mr. CLEMENS, agreeable to previouf notice,
asked and obtained leave to bring in a joint reso-
lution authorizing the President of the United
States to confer the title of lieutenant general by
brevet for eminent services; which was read and
passed to the second reading.
INDIAN ENCROACHMENTS ON MEXICO.
Mr. RUSK submitted the following resolution
for consideration; which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of State be directed to com-
municate to the Senate, copies of the correspondence be-
tween the State Department and the Mexican Minister, in
the year 181% upon the mbject of the encroachments of the
Indians of the United States upon the territories of Mexico
and copies of all correspondence with the authorities of the
late Republic of Texas upon the subject of said Indians.
DECEASED MEMBERS OF CONGRESS.
Mr. HALE submitted the following resolution
for consideration:
Resolved, That the resolution of the Senate, passed on
the 28th day of March, 1850, which is in these words ■ "He-
' solved, That, in future, when a member of Congress dies
'and has been buried in the vacation, the Senate will not
feel itself called upon to extend to the memory of the de-
' ceased the honors and the ceremonies which have been
of late years, usually awarded; hut will restrict itself
hereafter in the appropriation of tho^e honors and cere-
' monies to cases of the death of members during the ses-
sion of Congress," be rescinded.
JOINT COMMITTEES.
A message from the House of Representatives
was received by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, announ-
cing that it had appointed the following joint
committees on their part:
On the Library—Joseph R. Chandler of Penn-
sylvania, Joseph A. Woodward of South Caro-
lina, and Horace Mann of Massachusetts. j
On Printing- Willis A. Gorman of Indiana, ,
Solomon G. Haven of New York, and Richard
H. Stanton of Kentucky. [
On Enrolled Bit's—Isaac Wildrick of New Jer- 1
sey, and Nelson Barrere of Ohio.
CHAPLAIN TO CONGRESS.
The message also announced that the House of
Representatives had elected the Rev. James Gal-
lagher Chaplain to Congress, on their part.
! SUCCESSOR TO MR. CLAY.
The Semite resumed the consideration of the
following resolution, which was submitted by Mr.
Gwin on Monday :
  Row/ret, Tlmti he credentials of Archibald Dixon, Esq.,
be referred to a select committee of live, who shall consider
and repoit thereon."
The question pending being on the amendment
of Mr. Mivgum, to add to it the following:
" And that pending the action of said committee, the saiil
Archibald Dix'm he now qualified, and permitted to take
his seat in the Senate."
Upon that question the yeas and nays had been
ordered.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair feels under the
necessity of stating to the Senate, tli.it inasmuch
as the question is not decided who is entitled to
this seat, and inasmuch as the list which contains
the names of nil the Senators of the last session
shows among them that of David Meriwether,
he cannot, without an order of the Senate, direct
that name to be expunged. He wishes, therefore,
that the Senate will take into consideration, as the
yeas and nays have been ordered, whether the
name of Mr. Meriwether shall temporarily be dis-
pensed with, or whether his name shall be called.
The Chair repeats again that he does not feel at
liberty, until the question is decided as to who is
entitled, to have the name stricken from the list.
Mr. DAWSON. I would ask that the creden-
tials under which Mr. Meriwether took his seat
be read, in order that we may see whether or not,
according to the testimony on our table, his name
is entitled to be upon the roll.
Mr. BRODHEA D. I do not see any good end
to be answered by the reading of the credentials
called for by the Senator from Georgia. It raises
the very question which we had up yesterday.
The credentials were before the Senate, and were
then considered. If we are to go on to-day with
the question which was then under consideration
and proceed with the debate, let us do it in the
resular way, upon the resolution of the Senator
from California, [Mr.GwtN,] and the amendment
which has been offered to it. It seems to me that
that is the best way to get at the question.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, I do not see
any way to relieve ourselves of this difficulty—
because it manifestly raises the whole question—
unless, by general consent, we agree that Mr. Meri-
wether's name shall not be called until the whole
matter is settled by the Senate, either by a refer-
ence to a committee, or in some other way. I
propose that by general consent we agree to that
course, and thus reserve the question.
Mr. CLEMENS. It seems to me that this
matter determines the whole question. It is cer-
tainly the very matter which will determine my
vote. If Mr. Meriwether is here claiming the
seat, or if anybody is claiming it for him, he has
the prima facie right, and Mr. Dixon cannot be
sworn in until the legality of his election shall be
decided. If Mr. Meriwether is not a member of
the Senate, and Mr. Dixon, claiming the seat,
presents the only credentials which are here, we
have no risht to refuse to swear him in. The de-
cision of this point settles the whole matter one
way or the other. At all events, it determines my
vote, so far as the amendment now pending is
concerned.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator will permit
the Chair to state to him that the question is sim-
ply whether, on calling the roll, the name of Mr.
Meriwether shall be omitted
Mr. CLEMENS. If he is a member of the
Senate his name must be called. If he is not, it
cannot be. If he is a member of the Senate, I
insist that his name shall be called. If he is not
a member of the Senate, no one has a right to call
his name.
Mr. BRODHEAD. He is interested in the
question.
Mr. CLEMENS. But still his name must be
called, if he is a Senator.
Mr. DAWSON. I called for the reading of the
credentials in consequence of the suggestion of the
Chair. How is the roll of Senators made out?
By the Secretary and the Presiding Officer, of
course. How do you ascertain an individual to
member? His credentials establish that fact.
If he is a Senator for a full term, he holds his seat
for six years from the 4th of March of a particular
year. When that period expires, of course his
name is stricken from the list. Mr. Meriwether's
