1898.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2?
day, viz: Messrs. Aickn, Robik, Babcock, and
Snow.
STANDING COMMITTEES.
In pursuance of the order of yesterday, the
Speaker announced the following standing com-
mittees, viz:
Committee ow Ejections—William S. Ashe of
North Carolina,Christopher H. Williarhs of Ten-
nessee, William T. Hamilton of Maryland, Abra-
ham M. Sehermerhorn of New York, John S.
Caskie of Virginia, Presley Exving of Kentucky,
George T. Davis of Massachusetts, James Gam-
ble of Pennsylvania, Nathan T. Stratton of New
Jersey.
On IFinp and Means—George S. Houston of
Alabama, George W. Jones of Tennessee, Edward
Stanly of North Carolina, Harry Hibbard of New
Hampshire, James BrooksofNew York.J.Glancy
Jones of Pennsylvania, William Appleton of Mas-
sachusetts, Cyrus L. Dunham of Indiana, John
S. Phelps of Missouri.
On Claims—John R. J. Daniel of North Caro-
lina, Alfred P. Edgerton of Ohio, Richard J.
Bowie of Maryland, Origen S. Seymour of Con-
necticut, Chauncey F. Cleveland of Connecticut,
William A. Sackett of New York, Carlton B.
Curtis of Pennsylvania, Gilchrist Porter of Mis-
souri, Daniel Mace of Indiana.
On Commerce—David L.SeymourofNewYork,
Andrew Johnson of Tennessee, Alexander H.
Stephens of Georgia, Thomas J. D. Fuller of
Maine, James H. Duncan of Massachusetts, John
Bobbins, jr., of Pennsylvania, Louis St. Martin of
Louisiana, William Aiken of South Carolina,
Thomas Y. Walsh of Maryland.
On Public Lands—Willard P. Hall of Missouri,
W. R. W. Cobb of Alabama, Henry Bennett of
New York, James L.Orr of South Carolina, Albert
G. Watkiils of Tennessee, John D. Freeman of
Mississippi, Henry D. Moore of Pennsylvania,
Btmhart Henn of Iowa, Joseph W. McCorkleof
California..
On Post Office and Pert Read*—Ed son B.Olds
of Ohio, Alexander G. Penn of Louisiana, Wil-
liam Cullom of Tennessee, Paulus Powell of Vir-
ginia, John L. Schoolcraft of New York, Rich-
ardson Scurry of Texas, Ben Edwards Grey of
Kentucky, Edward C. Marshatl of California,
Lincoln Clark of Iowa.
On the District of Columbia—Orlando B. Ficklin
of Illinois, Thomas H. Averett of Virginia,
William Preston of Kentucky, Edward Hammond
of Maryland, Charles Allen of Massachusetts,
Junius Hillyer of Georgia, Hiram Bell of Ohio,
Alexander H. Buell of New York, Daniel Mace
of Indiana.
On the Judiciary—J. X. McLanahan of Penn-
sylvania, Richard K. Meade of Virginia, David
Outlaw of North Carolina, Abraham W. Venabfe
of North Carolina, Isham G. Harris of Tennes-
see, James Meacham of Vermont, John Bragg of
Alaibama, Samuel W. Parker of Indiana, Preston
King of New York.
On Revolutionary Claims—Moses McDonald of
Maine, James F. Strother of Virginia, James M.
Gaylord of Ohio, Henry M. Fuller of Pennsyl-
vania, John Letcher of Virginia, Charles Mur-
phy of Georgia, Richard Yates of Illinois, Gil-
bert Dean of New York, John McQueen of South
Carolina.
On Public Expenditure*—Charles Sweetser of
Ohio, Marias SchoonmaAr of New York, Na-
than T. Stratton of New Jersey, John Letcher of
Virginia, Thomas M. Howe of Pennsylvania,
James T. Morehead of North Carolina, Leander
Babcock of New York, Thomas Campbell of Illi-
nois, John G.Davis of Indiana.
On Private Land Clnims—Timothy Jenkins of
New York, Sherrard Clemens of Virginia, James
Abercrombie of Alabama, John L. Dawson of
Pennsylvania, Le#is D. Campbell of Ohio, Benja-
min D. Nabers of Mississippi, J Aristide Landry
of Louisiana, William W. Snow of New York,
John G. Miller of Missouri.
On Manufactures—James M. H. Beale of Vir-
ginia, Thomas B. Florence of Pennsylvania, Isaac
Keed of Maine, Chauncey F. Cleveland of Con-
necticut, Addison White of Kentucky, William
Murray of New York, Jared Perkins of New
Hampshire, Frederick W. Green of Ohio, Eman-
uel B. Hart of New York.
On Agriculture—John G. Floyd of New York,
Fayette McMuMin of Virginia, Alfred Dockery of
North Carolina, Joseph Cable of Ohio, Charles
Skelton of New Jersey, Sa-nuel Brenton of Indi-
ana, Eben Newton ot Ohio, James Duane Doty
of Wisconsin, John McNair of Pennsylvania.
On Indian Affairs—Robert W. Johnson of Ar-
kansas, Volney E. Howard of Texas, George
Bnggs of New York, Joseph W.Jackson of Geor-
gia, James L. Conger of Michigan, Graham N.
Fitch of Indiana, Joseph P. Caldwell ofNorth Car-
olina, Edward C. Marshall of California, Charles
Durkee of Wisconsin.
On Military Affairs—William H. Bissell of Illi-
nois, Meredith P. Gentry of Tennessee, Willis A.
Gorman of Indiana, Alexander Evans of Mary-
land, Ephraim K. Smart of Maine, Thaddeus
Stevens of Pennsylvania, John A. Wilcox of Mis-
sissippi, Solomon G. Haven OfNew York, Charles
J. Faulkner of Virginia.
On Militia—Charles H. Peaslee of New Hamp-
shire, John H. Savage of Tennessee, George G.
King of Rhode Island, John G. Davis of Indiana,
WilTiam F. Hunter of Ohio, Willmm Hebard of
Vermont, Elijah W. Chastain of Georgia, Wil-
liam T. Ward of Kentucky, Alfred Gil mo re of
Pennsylvania, •
On JfavaLlffairs—Frederick P. Stanton of Ten-
nessee, Thomas S. Bocock of Virginia, Lorenzo
Burrows of New York, Sampson W. Harris of
Alabama, E. Carrington Cabell of Florida, Eben-
ezer J. Penniman of Michigan, Isaac Wildrick
of New Jersey, Robert Goodetjow of Maine,
Thomas B. Florence of Pennsylvania.
_ On Foreign *fjfltirs—Thomas H. Bayly of Vir-
ginia, Joseph A. Woodward of South Carolina,
Robert Toombs of Georgia, William H. Polk of
Tennessee, John L. Taylor of Ohio, John Apple-
ton of Maine, Colin M. Ingersoll of Connecticut,
Joseph R. Chandler of Pennsylvania, John C.
Breckinridge of Kentucky.
On the Territories—William A. Richardson of
Illinois, Alexander R. Holladay of Virginia, Thos.
L. Clingman ofNorth Carolina, James W. Stone
of Kentucky, Joshua R. Giddings of Ohio, David
J. Bailey of Geonjia, Zeno Scudder of Massachu-
setts, Charles E. Stuart of Michigan, James Lock-
hart of Indiana.
On Revolutionary Pensions—John S. Millson of
Virginia, Joseph Russell of New York, Amos
Tuck of New Hampshire, Norton S. Townshend
of Ohio, George H. Brown of New Jersey, Wil-
liam M. Churchwel! of Tennessee, Joseph S. Cott-
man of Maryland, John Z. Goodrich of Massa-
chusetts, Willis Allen of Illinois.
On Invalid Pennons—Isham G. Harris of Ten-
nessee, Rodman M. Price of New Jersey, Fred-
i erick Si Martin of New York, Richard S. Molonjr
, of Illinois, Ben. C. Eastman of Wisconsin, John
Moore of Louisiana, Joseph H. Kuhns of Penn-
' sylvania, Daniel T. Jones of New York, Charles
Chapman of Connecticut.
_ On Roads and Canals—John L. Robinson of In-
diana, William F..CoIcock of South Carolina,
John W. How^ of Pennsylvania, John C. Mason
I of Kentucky, Benjamin Stanton of Ohio, Emanuel
B. Hart of New York, Charles J. Fiulkner of
Virginia, Josiah Sutherland ofNew York, James
Johnson of Georgia.
I On Patents—David K. Cartter of Ohio, Milo M.
Dimmick of Pennsylvania, William T. Ward of
Kentucky, Benjamin B.Thurston of Rhode Island,
Alexander White of Alabama.
j On Public Buildings and Grounds—Richard H.
"Stanton of Kentucky, Henry A. Edmundson of
Virginia, Richard I. Bowie of Maryland, James
'■ Duane Doty of Wisconsin, John H.Boyd ofNew
York.
On Revisal and Unfinished Business—W. R .W,
Cobb of Alabama, Thornas Y. How, jr., of New ,
York, Thomas M. Bibighaus of Pennsylvania, i
' Qeofge H. Busby of Ohio, Israel Washburn, jr.,
of Maine.
On Accounts—John C. Mason of Kentucky,
I John A. Morrison "of Pennsylvania, John Welch
of Ohio, Reuben Robie of New York, James H.
j Duncan of Massachusetts.
I On Mileage—Thomas A. Hendricks of Indiana,
i John D. Freeman of Massachusetts, J. H. Ho-
' ftart Haws of NeSv York, A. P. Stevens of New
1 York, John Allison of Pennsylvania.
1 On Engraving—George Read Riddle of Dela-
! ware, Ahiman L. Miner of Vehnont,' Timothy
Jenkins of New York. ;
Joint Committee on the Library r\f Congress—fb-
seph R. Chandler <sf Pennsylvania, Joseph A. I
Woodward of South Carolina, Horace Mann of
Massachusetts.
On Enrolled Bills—Isaac Wildrick of New Jer-
sey, Nelson Barrere of Ohio.
Joint Committee on Printing—Willis A. Gorman
of Indiana, Solomon G. Haven of New York,
Richard H. Stanton of Kentucky.
Committee on Expenditures in tlie State Depart-
ment—E. Stuart of Michigan, William
S. Ashe of North Carolina, John Wells of New
York, Thompson Campbell of Illinois, Alexan-
der Harper of Ohio.
On Expenditures in the Treasury Department 
Benjamin B. Thurston of Rhode Island, Thomas
A. Hendricks of Indiana, Henry S. Walbridge of
New York, Galusha A. Grow of Pennsylvania,
John Allison of Pennsylvania.
On Expenditures in the War Department—Milo
M. Dimmick of Pennsylvania, Willard Ives of
New York, Obadiah Bowne of New York, An-
j drew Parker of Pennsylvania, Elijah W. Chas-
tain of Georgia.
! On Expenditures in the Navy Department—-Fay-
i ette McMullin of Virginia, Sampson W. Harris
; of Alabama, Jerediah Horsford of New York,
i Thomas B. Florence of Pennsylvania, E. Car-
rington Cabell of Florida.
On Expenditures in the Post Office Department-—
! Alexander G. Penn of Louisiana, William H.
Kurtz of Pennsylvania, George T. Davis of Mas-
sachusetts, Augustus P. Hascall of New York,
John H. Savage of Tennessee.
On Expenditures on the Public Buildings—Thom-
! as Bartlett.jr., of Vermont, J. H. Hobart Haws
| of New York, David Outlaw of North Carolina,
i William M. Churchwell of Tennessee, John L.
I Taylor of Ohio.
BARQUE QUEEN OP DUNDEE.
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to take up Senate bill No.
545, with a view of putting it upon its passage.
The bill simply authorizes the Secretary of the
Treasury to issue a register to the British vessel
wrecked on Cape Cod, sold for the benefit of the
underwriters, and repaired for more than three
quarters of her value. She is now lying at the
port of Bangor, and will be locked in ice in a very
few days, if this bill be not passed.
The bill was then read by its title a first and
second time, as follows: "An act authorizing the
Secretary of the Treasury to issue a register to the
barque Queen of Dundee."
Mr. FULLER. I move to amend the bill by
adding, after the word "sea," in the ninth line,
the words «' Kate Wheeler," and by striking out
the words "Queen of Dundee." The name of
the vessel is to be Kate Wheeler.
The questioh was then taken upon the amend-
ment, and it was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was then raid a third
time, and passed.
On motion by Mr. FULLER, the title of the
bill was amended so as to accord with the amend-
ment to the body of the bill.
ELECTORAL MESSENGERS.
. Mr. HOUSTON. There wias an omission in
the estimates of the last session of Congress for
an appropriation to pay the messengers of the
I various States for bringing on the presidential
j vote, and therefore no appropriation was made.
! Several of the messengers are here, and it is proper
that an appropriation for this purpose should be
j speedily made. I received, last night, an estimate
! from the Secretary of the Treasury, and I propose,
if the House will Indulge me, to introduce a bill
which 1 have drawn up, and desire to have passed
this morning, appropriating the amount necessary
to pay them. 1 therefore ask leave of the House
to introduce the bill. •
There being no objection, the bill was intro-
duced, and read a first and second time by its title,
as follow#: "A bill making an appropriation for
bringing to the seat of Government the votes for
President and Vice President of the United States."
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to have the bill put upon its passage.
Here are letters from the Comptroller and Secre-
tary of the Treasury, recommending that $20,000
be appropriated for the object proposed by the bill.
The letters are as follows:
Trcasgry Department, 1th December, 1859.
Dear Sir : I inclose a statement of the First Comp-
troller, touching the p^yinept of persona bringing in the
votes for President and Vice President.
