28
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 8,
You will the necessity lor prompt action on the sub-
ject. Yo.usrespecttullv, TIIO. COKVVIN.
Hon. Geo. S. Hocsrov.
Trejsvry Department,
comptroller's OKFlCF, X)ei\ -M/t, lSo'2.
Hon. Thomas Corwin, Serrciary of the Treasury:
Sir: I'ermiime to invite your attention to the necessity
of an early impropriation bv Congress, to pay the [>ersous
designated bv the respective electoral colleges to deliver
lists ol" the \otes tor I'reMdent and \ ice President to the
President ot'lhe Senate, belbrc the first Wednesday in Jan-
uary next.
i?y an act approved the 11th of February. 18*25, the per-
sons appointed bv the electors to deliver the lists, are (each)
entitled to a compensation o>'twenty live cents, for every
mile of the estimated distance by the most usual route from
ttie place of meeting of the electors, to the seat of Govern-
ment of the United States, going and returning.
There is no appropriation to pay these persons, and the
arrival of some of them nearest to the seat of Government
liri) be expected ear!> m the session.
The act of Auiu-t 1-th. ! Mn reduced the compensation to
twelve cents five mills per mile, and appro-
priated  $9,000
The comiteiisation of twenty live cents was re-
stored by a joint resolution of January 6th, 1849,
and on the":Mth of January, 1849, an additional
appropriation was made of  9,000
18,000
Amount paid  14,804
Carried to the surplus fund, October 31,1851  3,196
California has been admitted into the L'uion since the
President's election of 1848.
I think twenty thousand dollars are as little as should be
estimated for the expense, and it may exceed that amount.
Most respectfully lours,
ELISHA WHITTLESEY.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection, the
bill will be put upon its passage. Under the rules,
it should go to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, containing as it does an ap-
propriation, unless by unanimous consent of the
House it lie put upon its passage.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. What is the
amount allowed to the messengers by law?
Mr. HOUSTON. Twenty-five cents per mile.
Mr. STEPHENS. I would ask the gentleman
when that law was passed r
Mr. HOUSTON. I think it wss passed in 1849.
Mr. STEPHEN'S. In 1848,1 know these mes-
sengers were allowed double compensation. I
ask the gentleman, if the compensation fixed by
this bill is the same as that allowed messengers
four years ago ? \
Mr. HOUSTON. It is the same. In 1848, the
compensation of twenty-five cents per mile al-
lowed by law, was reduced one half, and the first
appropriation of that year was twelve and a half
cents per mile. When the messengers came to
this city, many of them were greatly dissatisfied,
and a feeling was gotten up in the House by which
the law of 1823 was revived, and the compensa-
tion of twenty-five cents per mile restored. The
amount appropriated in this bill is the same per
mile as that allowed for the election of 1848.
Mr. STEPHENS. That is all I wish. I de-
sire that these messengers shall receive the same
compensation as they received four years ago.
LATE HON. OR1N FOWLER.
Mr. SCUDDER rose and said:
Mr. Speaker: 1 rise for the performance of one
of the sad duties which have fallen to the unhappy
lot of the Massachusetts delegation—to announce
one of the melancholy events which have occurred
since we were last assembled.
Our colleague, the honorable Orin Fowler, of
Massachusetts, who was actively with us, and in
good health, until almost the last moment of the
last session, is to be here no more! He has been
summoned to that eternal home which awaits all
the living! He died at his temporary residence in
this city, on the evening of the third of September
last. The stern messenger in this case, as in that
of our other colleague, which had just preceded it,
was brief and decisive in the execution of his com-
mands.
Mr. Fowler was in attendance on every day of
the last session, until the one on which it closed.
On Monday, the day previous to the last, he
was in his seat, and feeling somewhat ill, he re-
tired before the adjournment, with a full expecta-
tion of being present at the closing of the session
on the next day; but the day came, and his seat,
always before filled, was vacant—a vacancy never
again to be supplied by him! He continued
ill, with no alarming symptoms, until Thursday
evening, when the physician in attendance discov-
ered unfavorable indications; but they were not
1 so decisive as to cause him to communicate his
feats to the family. Oil Friday morning, las dis-
ease, which was then pronounced bilious pneu-
monia, had assumed an acute and mortal form.
This sad intelligence was then announced to his
bosom companion, whose love and allection had
chained her to his bedside troni the first unularm-
mg symptoms to this unexpected and dreadtul
crisis. This disease, by congestion of the lungs,
often produces the dullness ot'distress rather than
the acuteness of pain, which renders its mortal
strides the more delusive to the sufferer; and in
the case of our lamented friend, it had stridden its
way to the portals of life, unobserved by its vic-
tim, until revealed to him by his grief-stricken
wife.
Whilst lingering by his couch and restraining
the utterance of her hidden emotions, he was seized
with a sense of suffocation, and putting his hand
to his breast, he said to her, "What is this?"
She replied "I fear it is death!" After a short
pause, he said, " My dear, you grieve me ! If I
do depart, it is well, but 1 do not think I shall die
now. About midday I was with him, and then
with a labored and flickering breath, he spoke freely
of his death, which was so evidently approaching.
He was then in possession of a calm and unclouded
intellect, and relying not upon the arm of flesh,
but on the promises of Him in whose redemption
he had so long and faithfully trusted. He spoke
of his domestic relations, in which he had been the
happiest of men, and particularly of his excellent
wife, commending her to the kindness of friends,
and the care of Him who is the widow's trust.
His mind then reverted to his public life and du-
ties; and especially to his course in the councils
of the nation. After speaking of prominent meas-
ures in which he had taken a deep and active in-
terest, he said, " In all these things I have endeav-
ored to do right." He then gave directions with
reference to his body, requesting that it should be
laid in its narrow home, among the relics of those
with whom he had labored for spiritual and civil
blessings. He bid adieu to her who had been the
partner of his life, and the object of his deepest
love for the last thirty years; and then, in union
with her, he addressed himself to the Throne of i
God, before which he was sensible that he was
fast hastening. Soon after this, the light of reason
became dimmed, and the mind, which we had so
recently seen active, energetic, and prompt, began
to falter and wander in the maze of unguided and
indistinct thought.
In this condition his vague desire and calls for
" Home!" " Home!" gave to the death-scene a
vivid impression of that happy abode; the joys
and pleasures of which made it the last endearing
object of his thoughts on earth. Its remembrance
seemed to flitter in his departing mind, bearing
almost healing charms for the death pangs which
were then gathering upon him. He continued in
this state with lucid intervals until about eight
o'clock, p. rn., when hequietly breathed his last.
Mr. Fowler was born at Lebanon, in the State
of Connecticut, on the 29th of July, 1791. His
father was a soldier of the Revolution, and died at
the age of eighty years, highly respected for his
valor and patriotism. His mother was a woman
of excellent mind and many virtues. She lived in
the practice of Christian piety until the year 1850,
when she died at the advanced age of ninety-two
years.
Mr. Fowler was the sixth son of these worthy
parents. After leaving the free schools of Con- i
necticut, at the early age of sixteen or seventeen,
he commenced the business of teaching; and not-
withstanding his youth, was very successful in
his calling. His success in this as in his subse-
quent manifold pursuits, may be attributed to his
great industry, perseverance, and methodical ap-
plication. In these valuable characteristics he
was truly eminent. In 1811 he left teaching and
entered college at Williamstown, Massachusetts.
In 1812 he took a dismission from that institution
and entered the sophomore class at Yale College, i
from which he graduated with high scholarship in |
1815. ^ Among his class-mates were the late Rev.
Dr. Nevins, of Baltimore, Rev. Dr. Sprague, of
Albany, Judge Jessup, of Pennsylvania, and
others, who are, and have been, distinguished in
the intellectual pursuits of life.
Soon after graduating, Mr. Fowler again re-
sOmed the business of teaching, and took the pre-
ceptorship of Fairfield Academy in Connecticut.
Had he continued this pursuit he would doubtless
Inue been called to posts of high scientific and
literary eminence; but his variform talent and
heart-felt interest ill the welfare of society led hitn
to leave the academic walks and pursue n course
more directly connected with the moral and prac-
tical issues of life. In 181b, he entered devot-
edly and earnestly upon the study of divinity
with the Rev. Dr. Humphrey, of Fairfield, who
was afterwards President of Amherst College. It
was during his pupilage with Doctor Humphrey
that he became deeply impressed with the import-
ance of the temperance reform, and the temporal
benefits of the Christian Sabbath, which resulted
in his subsequent efforts and valuable writings
upon those subjects. He entered upon his minis-
terial duties in 1818, and passed about a year as
a missionary in Indiana, which was then consid-
ered the "Far West." Afterwards he was set-
tled as pastor of a church in Plninfield, Connecti-
cut, where he became the instrument of much
good and won the high approbation of a numerous
and intelligent people. It was then that he made
the ejaculation, "Oh that I may never be left to
sacrifice conscience, truth, and duty, to gain pop-
ularity among men !"'
In 1831, Mr. Fowler left his residence in Con-
necticut and became the pastor of a Congregational
church in Fall River, Massachusetts, which rela-
tion he sustained until the year 1848, when he was
first called into active political life. During this
period he was eminent not only for his devoted-
ness to the sacred cause of religion, but for his
unwearied industry in the investigation and pro-
motion of those kindred measures which elevate
society and improve the physical and intellectual
condition of man. He aimed not at the reputation
of an author; yet by the solicitation of friends, he
was induced to write and publish his views upon
many subjects connected with the great objects
for which be lived. In 1835, he published a series
of lectures upon one of the Christian ordinances,
which is of high repute for its thoroughness of
research, learning, and argument. An eminent
divine, in speaking of its author, says: " He who,
' by such force of argument, unimpeachable and
' unanswerable, dispels perversion and ignorance,
' deserves the thanks and approbation of every
4 individual who, by spiritual relationship,is a child
' of Abrahamicpromise."
In his labors for the promotion of temperance,
Mr. Fowler attacked not the alcoholic foe alone.
He waged his battle against the whole kindred
enemy which unnerve the body and obscure the
mind—upon the use of one of which he published
a valuable disquisition, demonstrating its physical,
mental, and political evils, which has now reached
its third edition. •
The historical sketch of Fall River, written and
published by Mr. Fowler in 1841, is an intellect-
ual tribute to his fellow-townsmen, which they
will ever cherish as a memento of his assiduity
and ability. Its voluminous statistics relating to
the industry, education, and progress of that en-
terprising town, and deep research into matters
connected with the early history and settlement of
the Plymouth colony, render it a work of much
general as well as local importance.
Mr. Fowler's political course was short, but
successful. It commenced in 1847. At that time
a. question of boundary betwixt Massachusetts
and Rhode Island was pending before Commis-
sioners of the two States, in which a part of the
territory of his county was in dispute. The con-
test involved inquiries reaching back to the first
settlement of the country. Their antiquity and
historic character soon attracted his attention, and
awakened his untiring industry in their investiga-
tion. He was appointed on a committee to ap-
pear before the Commissioners and represent the
rights of the border towns of his State, which ser-
vice he performed with great credit to his ability.
He afterwards published a series of articles upon
the subject, first in the public prints, and subse-
quently in pamphlet, which for depth of thought,
thoroughness of research, and logical deductions,
received the high commendation of many eminent
statesmen and intelligent citizens of his country.
They so impressed the public mind as to bring
him prominently before the people; and at the
succeeding election in his county, in the autumn
of 1847, they elected him to the Senate of th#
Commonwealth.
As a Senator, Mr. Fowler met the high ex-
