1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
29
pectations of his constituents. His gravity and
intelligence soon gave him influence and position.
His ability for legislation became known, and his
promptness and industry were highly appreciated.
His services as chairman of the Committee on
Education, which is an important committee of
the Massachusetts Legislature, were eminently
useful; and in no small degree may it be attributed
to his efforts that the report of the Commissioners
on the boundary question, which was adverse to
his views, was unanimously rejected by the Sen-
ate. During his seat at the Senate Board he was
appointed by the Governor on a commission to
consider the subject of establishing an additional
Insane Asylum for the State. In the performance
of this charitable duty, his heart, ever responsive
to the claims of humanity, was moved with deep
sympathy for that portion of our race who are
groping through life bereft of the choicest gift from
Goa to man; and through his efforts and others,
the proposed institution is now being erected.
In the autumn of 1848, before his senatorial
term had expired, the people of his district elected
him to the Thirty-first Congress. His labors in
that Congress are better known to many of this
House than to me. I speak advisedly, however,
•when I say that he was diligent and honest. He
could not be otherwise and act in accordance with
his own heart and well-earned reputation. His
speeches on the California question and the re-
duction of letter postage have been published to
the country. They speak their author and reflect
his cbsracter.
Mr. Fowler was reelected to the present Con-
gress by a majority unprecedented in his district,
and here we enjoyed the light of his countenance,
the wisdom of his counsel, and the strength of
his intellect, until death dissolved our relations.
His last speech in this body, made at the recent
session, is a production which will long be pre-
served in the memory of his friends aijd constitu-
ents. It contains a brief and bold statement of
his views upon many of the prominent measures
which at times agitate the Republic and divide her
statesmen.
In the death of Mr. Fowler,Massachusetts has
lost a Representative who was faithful to his trust.
No man, whatever his talents, ever brought a more
devoted and sincere heart to the service of his coun-
try. His strength in the House consisted not so
much in eloquence and readiness of debate, as in
diligent research and knowledge of facts. Labor
and not words was the source of his influence; and
no one of whatever party or difference of opinion
could but respect his intentions and admire his
fidelity. His zeal in the performance of duty kept
him steadily at his post, and no movement either
of order or business escaped his attention. His
punctuality in the House was not more marked
than his promptness to the private calls and busi-
ness of his constituents. The soldier, the widow,
and the orphan, will long remember his kind of-
fices when enjoying the pensions and bounties of
their country. If there is truth in the saying that
"good clergymen make bad statesmen," it is
equally true that there is no rule without an ex-
ception. Mr. Fowler had studied deeply the
laws of nature as unfolded in the science of the-
ology and the structure of the civil compact; and
in nothing was he more zealous than in adopting
them as the principles of human legislation.
The private virtues of our departed friend re-
quire no eulogy to their memory. He lived as he
preached, enforcing his precepts b^ the strength of
his example. He was the patron of useful knowl-
edge in all its forms. He devoted his time and
pecuniary means for its advancement. Being be-
reft of his only child in early life, he gratified the
promptings of his heart by the adoption of others,
■whose primary education he personally fluperin-
tended, and whom he aided in their progress to
high academic degrees. The college and academy
were not the only recipients of his bounties. The
free schools of the country, which he considered
the bulwark of our national prosperity and exist-
ence, were the more favored objects of his care and
benevolence. To them he devoted many of the
noble efforts of his life.
In his social relations, Mr. Fowler was a gen-
tleman of much excellence. Neighborly kindness, !
charitable forbearance, and obliging offices, were
true elements of his nature. To promote the hap-
piness of others was the chief basis of his own >
pleasures. His friendship and attachments were i
ardetit, strong, and enduring. I speak from a
heartfelt remembrance of my own experience.'
Probably no member of the House, and no one of
his colleagues had participated more fully in his
I confidence and acquaintance. Had it been other-
wise, this duty assigned me, according to the cus-
tom, might more properly have devolved upon some
senior colleague. Our associations at the Senate
board of the State, and at his own happy and com-
| panionable abode, had heen close and intimate.
The similarity of interests intrusted to our care,
and the contiguity of districts which we here rep-
resented, both being parts of the Old Colony where
lies the memorable rock first pressed by the foot-
steps of the Pilgrims, and in the vicinity of which
they promulged the first written political compact
| of the world, had brought us in frequent contact,
1 and produced sympathies strong, and dissoluble
; only by death.
In his domestic character, he was kind and
happy, forming an example to be admired and
imitated. He married the fourth daughter of John
Howe Payson, Esq., of Pomfret, Connecticut, a
lady whose qualities and intellectual attainments
made her not only the affectionate wife, but the
fit companion and adviser in his varied pursuits
of life.
The advancement of age brought ho chill to
his heart; neither did it check the current of his ;
youthful and well-placed affections. He thought
it not weak, as he often said, " that the husband
should remain the lover, friend, and admirer for
| life." His peculiar sympathies for wife and home, j
were the last links which chained him to life. Yes,
even in his expiring hours, when the mind wan-
dered and recognized no associations with sur-
! rounding objects, his frequent utterance of her
! name and that place, gave evidence, indeed, that to
him they wgre " the last of earth."
J Were we to review the traits in Mr. Fowler's
| character which were the source of his success and ■
; usefulness, none would appear more prominent
than his industry, firmness, teachableness, hon-
esty, and goodness. These were the elements
which made him the learned divine; the influential !
statesman and useful citizen. ■ j
I will now no longer recount his virtues, though j
the mention of each is a fresh remembrancer of 1
others numerous and endearing. He has gone!
He has joined the company of those who, in the
language of the Spirit of the Revelator, " may i
cease from their labors, and their works do follow
them." w
The funeral of Mr. Fowler was attended at his
late residence, in this city, on the 5th of Septem-
ber last, with appropriate solemnities, under the j
superintendence of the officers and members of
the House and Senate who were remaining at the ;
capital; and his remains, accompanied by a com-
mittee, were then removed to Fall River, where, |
after appropriate services by his friends and the I
public, expressive of their high estimation of his I
character, and their deep grief at the unexpected
and solemn dispensation, they 'were deposited
among the dead, according to his last desire and
request.
Mr.-Speaker, I move the adoption of the fol-
lowing resolutions:
Resolved, That this House has received with deep sensi-
bility the announcement of the death of the honorable Own
Fowler, a member of this House from the State of Massa-
chusetts, which occurred on the 3d of September last.
Resolved, That this House lenders to the family of the
deceased the expression of its sympathy on this event, and
as a testimony of respect for his memory, the members and
officers of this House will wear the usual badge of mourn-
ing for thirty days.
Resolved, That the Clerk of this House be directed to com-
municate a copy of these proceedings to the family of the
deceased, and also to the Senate.
Resolved, That as a further testimony of respect for the 1
deceased, this House do now adjourn.
The resolutions were unanimously adopted; and
The House adjourned till to-morrow, at twelve
.o'clock, m.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. CABLE, of Ohio, gave notice that he would, on
to-morrow or some subsequent day, ask leave to introduce
a bill to encourage agriculture, and secure homes to the land- j
PETITIONS, fcc. ; |
The following petitions and memorial were presented j
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate committees: i
By Mr. WALLACE: The petition of Whitemarsh B. i
Seabrook, Joseph Whaley, and others, praying payment j
for military service rendered the United States in the war
of 1812.
By Mr. HENDRICKS: The petition of James Robert-
son, a citizen of Shelby county, in the State of Indiana,
and accompanying papers, showing that by assignment
thereof, for valuable consideration paid by him, he became
the owner of a Virginia exchange bounty land warrant,
calling for six hundred and sixty-six acres, and that the
same has been lost, and that there are no lands now set
apart or appropriated for the satisfaction of such warrants;
and praying that he be allowed to locate, and enter of the
public lands subject to private entry, the number of acres
specified in said land warrant.
By Mr. CHANDLER: The memorial of William Rush,
of Philadelphia, administrator of the estate of John Bush,
asking payment of interest on an allowed claim.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, December 9, 1852.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. C. M. Butler.
Mr. Walker, of Wisconsin, appeared and took
his seat.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT protein, laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from the Treasurer of the
United States, transmitting copies of his accounts
for the third and fourth quarters of 1851, and the
jirst and second quarters oi 1852, as adjusted by
the accounting officers of the Department; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
He also laid before the Senate a report from the
Secretary of the Interior, communicating, in com-
pliance with law, a statement of such appropria-
tions for that Department as had been appropriated
for the service of the War Department, prior to
the passage of the act of March 3d, 1849, creating
the Department of the Interior, showing the bal-
ances of appropriations on the first of July, 1851,
the appropriations for the fiscal year ending June
30th, 1852, the repayments and transfers during
the same time, the amounts applicable to the ser-
vice of the year 1851-52, the amounts drawn by
requisition from the Treasury during the same pe-
riod, the balances on the first of July, 1852, with
such appropriations as were carried to the surplus
fund; which was ordered to lie on the table.
PRINTING Op DOCUMENTS.
On motion by Mr. DOWNS, it was
Ordered, That the communication from the Secretary of
the Interior, submitted yesterday, transmitting a report from
the land officers at Monroe, Louisiana, in reference to the
Bastrop Grant, be printed for the use of the Senate.
COMMITTEE ON ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. HAMLIN. It will be recollected that two
bills passed the Senate yesterday; one authorizing
the Secretary of the Treasury to issue a register
in a certain case^and another, to provide for the
pavmentofthe messengers of theelectoral colleges.
Tnese bills cannot now be enrolled, because we
have no committee to act with the committee
on the part of the House to compare them. It is
desirable that both bills should become laws as
soon as possible, and I therefore submit a motion
that the Committee on .Enrolled Bills of the last
session be authorized to act until a committee shall
be appointed at-the present session on the part of
the Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
DECEASED MEMBERS OF CONGRESS.
The Senate proceeded to consider the following
resolution, submitted yesterday by Mr. Hale:
« Resolved, That the resolution of the Senate, passed on
the 28th dayof March, 1850, which is inthese woids: 'Re-
' solved, That, in future, when a member of Congress dies,
« and has been buried in the vacation, the Senate will not
• feel itself called upon to extend to the memory of the de-
' ceased the honors and the ceremonies wbich have been,
' of late years, usually awarded; but will restrict itself
' hereafter in the appropriation of those honors and cere-
' jnonies to cases of the death of members during the ses-
'sion of Congress,' be rescinded."
Mr. HALE. I hope, Mr. President, that the
resolution of 1850 will be rescinded; and I ask the
attention of the Senate to the fact, that it has been
for more than two years upon their orders, While
a different rule has prevailed in the House; and
w« present ourselves in the anomalous condition
of one branclwof the Legislature taking the cus-
tomary notice of the death of one of their mem-
bers, and informing the other branch of it, and
that other branch taking no notice of it. The
Chair was -mistaken yesterday in suggesting that
the resolution, which it is now proposed to rescind,
was adopted by a unanimous vote. I find, upon
reference to the reports of the proceedings of the
