THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
32d Concress, 2nd Session.
MONDAY, DECEMBER 13, 1852.
New Series....No. 3.
plicated subject of specifics and ad valorem, about !
which there is a great diversity of opinion. I only
say, that this is the only commercial, perhaps 1
might say civilized, country upon earth which has
one universal, horizontal, system of ad valorems,
and which ievels everythingand shapes everything
to such a single system. The country is as much
injured by it as is the manufacturer or producer.
A year ago, the iron manufacturer, under the ad
valorem duty, was the sufferer, but now it is the
country that suffers. Duties on iron which were
too low at the last session of Congress, are now too
high at this session of Congress, and this comes
froma varying foreign ad valorem, which measures
every duty collected at home with reference to its
price in a foreign land. Foreigners thus lay upon
us our taxes, because our laws look not to prices
at home, but to prices in Europe or Asia, and on
these prices we collect our taxes. Hence, when
iron ought to be low here, aided by low duties, it
is made higher than it ought to he by high duties
on high foreign ad valorems; and hence, when the
home manufacture ought to have protection by
higher duties, because prices are low abroad, he is
stricken down at once, without any protection
whatsoever.
I am aware that there are some who say, as the
present prices on iron are high, let these prices
stand—let us enjoy ourselves, and make hay while
the sun is shining and its rays are shed upon us.
1 say to those who indulge in this class of opinions,
that now is the time and now is the hour for you
to go before the House and the country in order
to obtain something like a fixed and settled duty,
which shall be enough for you, when prices are
high abroad and enough for you when prices are
low abroad. Though the prices of iron are high
here now, th« moment your manufactures are
stimulated into competition in this country with j
the iron manufactures abroad, that moment these !
iron manufacturers in other countries will reduce
their prices and bring their low cheap article in
competition with, and into destruction of, yours. ,
Now, then, is the time that you should make some-
thing like concession, when you are sufficiently
well protected under existing prices to afford it.
Now is the time to make an offer to the country !
which shall give you a fixed and settled policy, and !
upon which you can rely at all times for the de-
velopment of your industry, and of the agriculture
that is connected with that industry, in all the
manufacturing States of the Union.
I do not state all these propositions, Mr. Chair-
man, as being mine, but they are the propositions
which are before the country, and which chalftnge
the action of this House Many men, I am aware,
will be desirous, just now, of avoiding any action
at all upon any proposition, because once begin-
ning, we may not foresee where we may stop;
but to you, my Whig friends, I say, as well as to
you upon the other side of the House, that this
country will not stand this accumulation of surplus
revenue rolling up and increasing upon us. The
revenue must be reduced now. Now is the time,
and now is the hour. You cannot administer
the Government economically; you cannot justify
yourselves in acting upon the appropriation bills,
until you first show to the people what is the
proper amount of money to be raised to carry on
an economical administration of the Government.
The Democratic party must meet this state of
things, and the incoming Administration must
meet it, and act upon it. If they go on and let
this surplus revenue roll up and accumulate, we
shall say, and we shall have a right to say, it is
because you want extravagant appropriations, ex- ,
travagant expenditures, lawless acts of Congress,
wasteful disbursments of the public money; and ;
we shall hold you responsible for all those expend-
itures. _ I know you will say, you dare take the
responsibility. That responsibility I know you I
dare take, and I wish you to take it, and compre- ,
hend the full force and magnitude of it. To my j
own Bide of the House, I say it is our duty, under
this unexpected state of things, to come forward '
with our propositions and tender them our mode
and manner of reducing this revenue, to accommo-
date that revenue to the wants of the Government,
and if the other side will not take it, we are not at
fault. Our hands are clean, and no one can blame
us. It was said, however, by my colleague from
New York, [Mr. Dean,] the gentleman over the
way 
Mr. MEADE, (interrupting.) If the gentleman
will allow me, I wish' to suggest an amendment to
his resolution. If he will insert, after the words
" committee of seven," the words " with a view to
a general reduction of duties upon imports," I will
support his proposition with pleasure.
Mr. BROOKS. That is the proposi which
the gentleman voted against the other day.
Mr. MEADE. That was not the proposition.
Mr. BROOKS. If the gentleman will examine
the record he will find it is. 1 am glad to have
made a convert to the opinions I advanced the
otherday. I will leave the gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. Meade] now to reintroduce it himself. He
can take the responsibility; and when that amend-
ment is submitted in that form, coming from him,
it will meet with a support from his side of the
House, which it did not have coming from me.
Mr. MEADE. I wish to say to the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Brooks,] that he is entirely
mistaken. I understood his proposition on yes-
terday was to reduce the revenue by a change of
tariff.
Mr. BROOKS. I will say to the gentleman
from Virginia that he will have power to submit
that as an amendment to my amendment. He
can take the responsibility of it himself; and when
that amendment is submitted by him, in that form,
it will meet with a consideration, I repeat, which
it did not meetwith from the other side of the
House when offered by me.
Mr. MEADE. I understood that the proposi-
tion of the gentleman from New York was to re-
duce the revenue by changing the tariff; but he did
not state particularly how he meant to reduce it—
whether by lessening the duties or by increasing
the duties. He did not disclose to the House, the
other day, in what way he wished to reduce the
revenue, except by taking off some duties on par-
ticular articles that enter into home manufactures,
and making them free articles. This amendment
is not the proposition which was submitted to the
House by the gentleman the other day. The prop-
osition which I submit to the gentleman for his
acceptance, is for a reduction of the revenue by
reducing the duties on imports, and not by adding
to the free list, or increasing the duties.
Mr. BROOKS. The resolution which I sub-
mitted to the House the other day speaks for itself,
and is an answer to the greater part of the remarks
which the gentleman from Virginia has made. 1
decline to adopt his amendment, for two reasons:
First, because it is within his power to submit it
as an amendment to the amendment; and secondly,
because it would not be courteous in me again to
offer to that sid e of the House a proposition which,
in that very form, a large majority of them re-
jected the other day.
Sir, I had hoped in the discussion of this sub-
ject to avoid all reference to party politics. It
has always been my aim in the discussion of
financial questions and of all business questions
in this House, if possible, to avoid any allusion
whatsoever to the connection of those subjects with
party politics: I do not intend upon the present
occasion to depart from this, my usual course,
further than to say, in reply to my colleague, [Mr.
Dean,] what I said in substance the other day.
It is true that in 1846, the Whigs predicted that
the tariff of '46 would not yield revenue enough to
carry on the Government; and what the gentleman
from Mississippi [Mr. Brown] stated, may be
correct, that the distinguished gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Vinton] predicted that it would not
yield #18,000,000. The tariff of '46 passed in the
month of July. Of the truth of those predictions
so confident was the then Secretary of the Treas-
ury, [Mr. Walker,] that the Committee on Ways
and Means added to the civil and diplomatic bill
an almost invisible, secret, but yet powerful item,
which, having reference to ad valorem duties,
changed in principle the act of July, 1846, and
which, in connection with the Treasury circulars,
afterwards doubled the revenue which would have
been raised under the tariff of '46.
Of the effect of those Treasury circulars I entered
into an elaborate demonstration in a speech which
I made on the deficiency bill at the last session of
Congress. I brought before the House a pile of
Treasury circulars, in which Mr. Walker, month
after month, invigorated and increased the foreign
advalarem, or the mode of estimating the valorem
in foreign countries,raisingtheappraisements gen-
erally, so that that insignificant item in the appro-
priation bill and those illegal Treasury circulars
more than doubled the revenue which would have
been derived from the July tariff of 1846. The re-
marks made by Mr. Vinton and others, or the
prophecies, if you choose to call them so, have
never had an opportunity to be tested before the
country; for the tariff of 1846 never practically
existed—not even one month. It did not come
into operation at all; for the time fixed for its
operation was the ensuing December,Jjut before
that time it was essentially altered, in August, in
the civil and diplomatic bill; and in December and
January, in preparation for its operations, Mr.
Walker issued three or four mostpotentTreasury
circulars, which reversed the whole system of
duties intended to be collected under the tariff of
1846. These facts I laid before the House at
great length in the remarks which I made on the
deficiency bill last session—quoting circulars de-
monstrating the facts—and they need not be re-
capitulated here. The Supreme Court of the
United States in January, 1850, abrogated, nulli-
fied, and repealed these Treasury circulars in the
case of Griswold vs. the Collector of New York,
and in the case of some iron importers t>s. Greeley,
collector of Boston. When those Treasury cir-
culars were utterly nullified and abrogated, there
came down from the Senate, after but little dis-
cussion there, a bill reestablishing, reinvigorating,
and making laws of the principles of all those
abrogated Treasury circulars; and without one
word of discussion whatsoever, and under the
pressure of the previous question, it passed the
House of Representatives. The act of 1850 is
now the law of the land, and it is under that act
and the Treasury circulars that this surplus rev-
enue has accumulated.
Mr. Chairman, we Whigs do not say now that'
the tariff is not high enough; for on almost all ar-
ticles it is high enough for protection, and on some
more than high enough. That has not been our
complaint sinoethose Treasury circulars, and since
the act of 1850. But our allegations have been
against the whole system of universal, horizontal,
ad valorem duties, without any reference to specific
duties at all. Our outcry is against the frauds and
irregularities, and incongruities, necessarily per-
petrated under this ad valorem system. If we had
specific duties, and an honest mode of collecting
the revenue on the great body of articles—although
there may be some exceptions—we are sufficiently
protected. The manufactures which are suffi-
ciently established in this country are now ade-
quately protected. So with regard to railroad iron
and all other iron, if we had ten years of ade-
quate protection, we could say, as we have said of
the coarser cottons, you may abrogate, nullify,
and repeal the great body of duties. For when
once capital is directed to, and invested in, those
manufactures, we are able to compete with other
parts of the world, if we'have a free field and a
fair chance. But we have not a fair chance of
competition now; for you tax the raw materials
that enter into manufactures highly, while France
and England—more particularly the latter, our
great commercial rival—make free most of those
articles you compel our manufacturers to go into
the markets of the ivorld, paying heavy duties at
home on raw materials, without receiving any re-
duction on those articles when exported abroad in
a manufactured form.
Thus much I have to say in connection with
that subject. I had no wish to enter into this dis-
cussion "at all, but in justice to myself ani in eon-
