1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
35
of gold in California, with our present importa-
tions, we would have had a commercial crisis. If
our imports had been as large, without that
discovery, which, in part, afforded the means to
pay for them, as they have been since, doubtless
such would have been the case, unless, indeed,
the domestic produce which we hare sent from
the Atlautic to the Pacific and exchanged for gold
would have amounted, if sent abroad, to nearly an
equivalent amount, as it doubtless would not.
But had it not been for the settlement of Califor-
nia, aitd the product of gold there, the imports
woald Not have been so large as they have been,
for the capacity to consume and pay for them
would not have been as great; and importers im-
port no more, as a general rule, than they can sell
and be paid for; still we would have had an ade-
quate revenue. As far as the circumstance to
whichthegemleman fromNew York [Mr.Brooks]
alludes, that the Government, through its sub-
treasury, is becoming a hoarding miser, exciting
my alarm, so far as a commercial revulsion is
threatened, the reverse is the case.
If our deposits were with the banks, and they
made them the basis of discount, then as our sur-
plus revenue accumulated the bank accommoda-
tions would be extended in an increasing ratio.
And they thus extended, the imports, and conse-
quently the duties and surplus of revenue, would
augment, and this augmentation would be the basis
of a new beginning; and thus it would go on, in
a geometrical ratio, until there was a crash. But.
under the 'sub-treasury it is quite the reverse.
The very accumulation of specie in the Treasury
restrains to a large extent, the causes which, pro-
duced It; and thus, as far as our duties will enforce
it, it is a self-adjusting machine.
Mr. Chairman, I am not one of those who have
ever maintained that the tariff of 1846 was perfect,
or that it was not susceptible of amendment in
some of its particulars. On the contrary, when I
made the speech which I had the honor to address
to the t louse of Representatives in 1846 in favor
of the tariff of that year, I stated explicitly that
there were many things in it which I could wish
had been otherwise; but I took it as a whole as a
• ery great improvement upon the act of 1842. 1
do not mean, therefore,in opposing the resolution
of the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Brooks,]
to be understood as saying that this act of 1846 is,
like the laws of the Medes and Persians, to remain
forever unalterable; butl do mean emphatically and ;
explicitly to say, that we have no time at this un-
usually short session of Congress to review our
whole system of revenue, and that if we had the
time, in my opinion it would be exceedingly un-
deferential—if I may be permitted the expression—
to the people of the country, for this outgoing
Congress, when its last hours are passing away,
or for this outgoing Administration, to undertake
to upset this whole system of revenue, which has
been in successful operation during this entire
Administration, to say nothing about the one
which preceded it, and which has more than met
the expectations even of its friends. i
Mr. WOODWARDnext obtained thi floor, but '
' yielded to I
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, who said: If the
gentleman from South Carolina will permit me, I
wish to offer an amendment. I have no speech
to make upon it. I move to insert after the word •
" bill," in the amendment of the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Brooks,] the following: !
Preserving th= ad valorem principle, and reducing the
exit-tins duties' on import^ with a view to the collection of
no more revenue than shall he necexeary to defray the le-
filiquue expense* of the Government economically admin-
istered. i
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to inquire of the
gentleman, whether he offers his amendment as an '
amendment to the amendment of the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Brooks',] or to the original
resolution ?
Mr. JONES. As an amendment to theamend-
ment of the gentleman from New York.
A Member. There is already an amendment
to the amendment pending.
Mr. JONES. I understand the amendment of-
fered by the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Lock-
hart] to be in the nature of a substitute.
Mr. WOODWARD. Mr. Chairman, this sub-
ject has come unexpectedly to me before the com-
mittee this morning, and I shall not detain them
by entering, at any lengthen to a discussion of the
general merits of the tariff.
i I am aware that Congress need not, at this short
session, attempt any general or fundamental action
upon this subject; but it is because this is true,
and because more than that is true; it is because
your longest session is not long enough for ma-
ture action upon the subject, that I am in favor of
bringing up the question now. I am in favor of
instituting a discussion in this body at this session,
though I know beforehand that no action will re-
sult from that discussion. I desire that this dis-
cussion shall go before the country, so that the
popular mind may be brought to bear upon the
next session in relation to this matter. You have
time and again seen propositions of radical reform
run out at the end of your longest sessions. Why,
do not gentlemen remember—does not my friend
from Virginia [Mr. Batlt] remember that the
tariff of 1846 was saved from running out at the
end of the session, by its friends refusing to con-
sume the time of the House in debate? 1 know I
declined to discuss it for that reason, and that I
urged it upon others to decline its discussion for
the same reason. I know that discussion in the
Senate was declined for that reason, and I know
that ostensible friends of that bill hoped that it
might be defeated by discussion, and were disap-
pointed.
Now, I was in favor of the resolution first intro-
duced by the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Brooks,] the day before yesterday.
It was a proposition to reduce the duties. Are
we not on tnis side for reduction ? It was a prop-
osition to raise a special committee for that pur-
pose. Was not theSpeaker of this House bound
—I do not say as a party man—as a Democrat—
but bound by parliamentary rules to constitute
such committee favorable to the proposition to re-
duce? Though he had been a Whig", a high tariff
man, he was bound to constitute that committee
favorable to the proposition of reduction, for that
was the only proposition.
Very true that committee was empowered to
send for persons and papers; and if the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Brooks] may have intend-
ed—I do not impute such a thing to him by any
| means, but his intentions seemed to be regarded i
| as having made a part of his resolution—I say j
though he may have intended that that committee
should send for persons and papers only upon
one side of the question, still his individual pur-
pose could not control the committee. The com-
mittee would not have been bound to send for
persons and papers at all, but was only empow-
ered to do so; and if they had been bound, they
would have had their own discretion as to the
manner in which they would have discharged that
obligation.
Now, Mr. Chairman, the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Brooks] seems to be in favor of a per-
manent, fixed system of duties, which should be
adapted to prices abroad, which shall be high
enough when prices are low abroad, and when
prices are high abroad. I take the. position that
a permanent system is impossible. I take the posi-
tion that a permanent system is inconsistent with
the object of the system—which is the raising of
revenue. We are not acting under the power to
regulate commerce. We are acting under the
power in the Constitution for raising and collect-
ing duties, excises; and imposts. This is purely
a money power; declared so by all your jurists
-•-Judge Marshall among the rest.
I mean to say that a permanent tariff is impos-
sible, consistently with the nature of the trust
reposed in us. Our duty is to raise revenue by
the imposition of duties and imposts. Well, sir,
what constitutes the capacity, orthe measure of the
capacity of a country, to raise revenue by imposts ?
It is the absence of wealth in particular forms.
It is because you can buy abroad what you d  not
make at home; or can buy cheaper abroad than
you can at home. It is the difference between
the cost of domestic and foreign production which
enables you to impose a duty, and without this
difference you could impose no duty at all. Why,
sir, in 1816 you could have imported a hat, such
as that, before me, under a duty of 150, possibly
200 per cent. Now, sir, a duty of thirty or forty
per cent, would be prohibitory. Why? Because-
ihe country has greatly enhanced its own manu-
facture of hats. It is because the gro wth of the
wealth of the country in hats, has diminished fhe
difference between the value of the domestic and
foreign article. It is this that has disabled you to
impose heavy duties. I could take a thousand
other articles. I will take cotton cloths; all the
manufactures of leather, as very prominent arti-
cles for illustrating this principle. In 1816, most
of the suggested articles could have borne a duty
of 100 per cent. Now, many of them are incapa-
ble of any duty. Cotton goods which would have
borne a duty of 100 per cent, twenty years ago,
are now exported. If you were to levy a duty of
three per cent, upon them it would be prohibitory.
The same might be predicated of thousands of arti-
cles. A very long list of merchandise has become
incapable of duty, and every single article of man-
ufacture has become capable of less and less duty,
successively and continually; not a year, not a
month revolves, but some article of foreign trade
becomes incapable of duty.
Take the article of sugar, once a prominent ar-
ticle in the protective system. Twenty years ago
sugar would have borne a duty of 150, and prob-
ably 200 per cent. I will stand corrected if I am
in error. It did in fact bear a heavy duty. How
is it now? What would be called a revenue duty
in the view of a high tariff man, would now be a
prohibition upon sugar, and it is not difficult to
foresee that in ten years from this hour—and ten
years is but an hour in the lifetime of a nation—
sugar will be exported from the United States.
And if the high tariff interest should make any
proposition relative to it. ten years hence, it is
most likely they will insist upon a repeal of all
duties in order that the raw material may come in
cheap to the manufacturer; for they teach us that
whatever they want to buy is made cheaper by a
low duty, and whatever they want to sell is made
dearer by a low duty.
Now, sir, this country has to determine at once
whether it is to raise its revenue by imposts or by
direct taxes. There are two modes of reducing
revenue—one by reducing the duties on all arti-
cles; another by reducing the amount of foreign
commerce that is made liable to duty—in other
words, you may reduce the revenue by prohib-
itory duties, as well as by repealing duties. A
duty that is prohibitory makes you no more rev-
enue than no duty at all, and that is the practical
proposition now before the country. The surplus
in the Treasury has forced the question upon us.
The country sees that there ought to be a reduc-
tion of the tariff. There is no question how the
Government can raise sufficient revenue. That
was the question which the free-trade party had to
meet in 1846. Many of the friends of a low tariff
were driven from the support of the tariff of 1846
because they were persuaded that the Government
would be bankrupted by it. It vfcas not that 'hey
were averse to low duties—not that they were in
favor of protection, but that they were afraid that
they would impoverish the Government. That ar-
gument or ground of apprehension is now gone.
There is a surplus in the Treasury of from seven to
fourteen millions of dollars, and the question is
whether you will continue thatsurplus, and if not,
how you are to get rid ofit. If it isdetermined that
the surplus shall not be rendered permanent, then
you are to decide whether you will reduce the rev-
enue' by reducing the duties, or by enacting pro-
hibitory duties, I maintain that this question
could not go before the country in a form more
favorable to free trade, or at a time more propi-
tious than the present. In 1846 there was a defi-
cient revenue, ftnd the friends of a moderate tariff
found it difficult to persuade the community that
high duties made low revenue. The proposition
was a little complex. But, sir, now that there is
a surplus, the gentlemen who may propose to re-
duce the revenue by high duties must themselves
evolve and expound that complex proposition. It
does not test upon our shoulders to do it. They
propose to reduce the revenue now, and they must
show the country that ^raising duties will reduce
the revenue, or else unite with us in the opposite
idea—they must maintain our former proposition.
Having $14,000,000 surplus, the naked question
is how to get rid of it; and my word for it, the
people df the United States will demand a reduc-
tion of duties when that proposition is submitted
to them.
The tariff of 1846 is rapidly becoming a prohib-
itory tariff. Why? Because the cost of production
in the United States is continually diminishing'—
because the difference in the cost of manufacturing
in the United States and in foreign countries is
becoming less and less. American skill is ad-
