38
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 10,
it was under a state of things which the gentleman i
from New York [Mr. Brooks] correctly decnbes.
The men who passed that act believed very much
in the predictions of gentlemen on the Whig side
of the House. They believed it was necessary
to lay this duty in order to create a sufficient
amount of revenue, thereby enabling them to re-
duce the duties upon other and very important
articles, to gratify the opinions of the people in
some sections of the country. Now, I ask tf any
such necessity exists at the present moment, and
why raw silk should now pay a duty? Who
gains by it? Nobody; for we have already Jas
much revenue as we want, and more. W ho suffers
by it? The whole country; for the duty upon this
article has the effect of crippling our existing man-
ufacturesof silk,and of deterring men from invest-
ing their capital in it. Is there a man in this Hall
who is not desirous of having silks manufactured in
this country? Is there aman, however anxious
for free trade, who woul not prefer silkS manu-
factured in this country, provided they were as
good and cheap as those produced abroad? If
there be such a one, I do not believe he dares stand
up and avow it. But if he does, he lacks, in my
judgment, something of being an American.
Again, take the article of dye-stuffs, and all ar-
ticles used for manufacturing purposes not the
product of this country. Why should the manu-
facturer be taxed for them? Will it be said that
these interests in this country are in an exceed-
ingly prosperous condition—that the manufactu-
rers are amassing fortunes, and therefore they
ought to pay this tax to the Government? That
has been the argument used in support of this and
other fallacies; but if you will investigate the mat-
ter, you will find that those who have thus in-
vested their capital in this country, taken as a
whole from the beginning, have not realized two per
cent, on the amount thus invest^). Then why
may not this alteration be made, so that while it
protects the Government and the people from a
large surplus revenue, it may at the same time do
justice to a most meritorious class of our citizens—
the manufacturers?
Sir, there has been a feeling,—and I may as well ;
allude to it,—a sectional feeling existing, to some
extent, against the tariff. Suppose this feeling |
should prevail, and we should ha/ve unlimited free ,
trade, what would be its effect? The destruction of i
the entire manufacturing in teres'a in this country, j
I shall not stop to prove this, because there is not
a man who hears me, who, in my opinion, will not 1
admit it. As no man will claim that the laborers '
in this country can be made to sink to the con-
dition of the laborers of Europe, with whom, in
the event of the adoption by this Government of
the doctrines of free trade, they would be compelled
to compete. Suppose in that event, that by-and-
by we should have a war with Europe, and my
southern friends, whose property consists mostly
in plantations and the means necessary to work
them, should raise a fine crop of cotton, and were
shut off from their market by that war, what
would become of theircotton, of their negroes, and
themselves ? It seems to me this is a matter they
ought to think of. In this event, the almost entire
product of that section of the country would be-
come utterly valueless. Let them remember that
the cry raised against northern manufacturers, may
possibly be carried so far as to realize the maxim
that "Whom the gods would destroy, they first
make mad." It is a system by which, if you
correctly comprehend it, you must see you are in
danger of cutting your own throats.
Sir,, the tariff is a matter I desire the House to
act upon without any sort of sectional feeling.
We have had enough of that upon other subjects.
It seems to me this is the time to take up this
whole subject, and act upon it dispassionately—
and why ? Because there is now but orre party in i
the country, exerting power as such. I say itwith 1
the kindest feelings towards those who constitute
the minority. At the present moment there is a
general acquiescence in the propriety of allowing
the Democratic, party to take charge of the Gov-
ernment and its legislation; and therefore it is a
favorable time to discuss and act upon this sub-
ject. Let us appoint this committee; let them
ascertain facts, and report to the House the result
of their investigations; and let the House act upon
that report entirely independent of, and uninflu-
enced by, party or sectional feelings. This is a
favorable time for another reason: at present, i
the country is in an exceedingly prosperous con- !
dition, and therefore there is 110 danger that the
manufacturer will obtain any undue advantage in
the tariff of duties.
Sir, 1 ask you, this House, and the country , if
there has not been enough of thenotions of denying
to the manufacturer a reasonable protection, and
of adhering to free trade, because tiirtt is a popular
doctrine, and popular probably in most instances
from not being understood, and from the fact that
a tariff for protection has been used by an unpopu-
lar party to advance their own interests? I ask
again, if it is not time for this House, in view of
what we have to encounter—for it is inevitable
that there must be action upon this subject—for us
to enter upon this work now? Gentlemen tell us
tnat this is a short session. Every one knows
that we generally perform more work in three
months, (the short session,) than in nine during
the long session. Past experience proves this.
We have time enough. Is there, then, any inter-
est more pressing than that presented by the reso-
lution of the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Brooks?] And in view of this fact, is it wise to
trammel this committee with instructions? All
we can do wisely is to authorize them to inquire
into the whole matter, and let them report. Is
there a man here who is fearful of losing his power
of discrimination, or his independence of action,
when that report is made? No,sir. Certainly no
man will acknowledge that he feels it, and I trust
no man upon this floor feels it. What we want is
information, which we have not now; and the
only question is, can any better mode of obtaining
it be devised than by appointing this committee ?
It seems to me there is no danger that the Speaker
will appoint a committee who will favor any par-
ticular interest. I am willing to trust him, and
1 believe every member of the House is so. There
is, then, no apology for giving these instructions.
They will, as I stated in the outset,create a feeling
of insecurity among those who have an immense
amount of property invested in manufactures. In
the appointment of this committee, with these in-
structions, we hazard the interests of men who
have invested their all in this particular kind of
property. Justice to them, it seems to me, re-
quires that we should appoint this committee, but
that it should be appointed without instructions.
The banks will not then be calling upon the man-
ufacturers for payment in full of their notes, and
thereby ruin men without the least necessity. I
appeal to every member of the House in their be-
half, and against hasty and detrimental action in
this particular.
There is a feeling somewhat prevalent, which I
have noticed for three years past, that the tariff of
1846 cannot be touched. It is certainly paying
ourselves a miserable compliment, when we say
that the men who made that tariff, and could not
foresee all its effects, weie so much better qualified
to act upon this important subject than we who
have noticed its operations. No, sir, when we
find from the workings of that tariff that further
legislation is necessary, like independent freemen,
and the Representatives of such, let us tnke it up
and look at it candidly, without sectional feeling,
and without any trammels or incumbrances. Let
us act upon it, every man feeling himself person-
ally responsible, not to a particular section, or
district, or party, but let him act as an American
statesman, for the interest cf the whole country.
Another idea. The interests involved in manu-
facturing are now easier than they have been, and
justice requires that we should act upon this sub-
ject speedily, if at all, for men may,and doubtless
will, invest largely under the idea of a "good time
coming." I think we are bound to act early, and
by so doing give fair warning to all of the policy
, of the nation and Government, on this important
question. We cannot make any apology for our
neglect, if we do not do it. The reason, why I
did not vote the other day for the proposition of
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Brooks,] a3
I before stated, was because it contained instruc-
tions which were needless, and, to some extent,
meaningless, and calculated to do immense mis-
chief.
I am now in favor of voting down the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Lock-
hart,] giving instructions to the committee, and
all amendments of that character; and I am in favor
of voting for the resolution as it now stands. I
suppose that every man who is desirous of having
this matter treated with fairness and justice to the
large interests of Pennsylvania and New England,
as well as to those of the West and South—for
they, too, are largely interested in this matter—
will vote for the appointment of this committee.
Let it be raised; let its members obtain all the in-
formation in their power, and then report to the
House.
Sir, for these reasons, without going into a de-
fense of duties of a protective, or any other char-
acter, I ask the House to appoint the committee,
and to appoint it without any instruction, except
that they shall so perform their duty as to report
within a reasonable period. Then let this House
take up the subject understandingly, and the
manufacturer, cotton-grower, hemp-grower, the
wheat-grower, and every other class on this con-
tinent who have any interest in our legislation, may
have a fair hearing, and the law may be made so
as to operate equally upon all, and there will be
no such thing as party spirit interfering with le-
gislation upon this subject, at this or any future
session of Congress. Party feeling has too often
ruled the legislation of this nation; and although
I am a party man, and desire its success, yet I
desire the prosperity of my country more.
Mr. DUNCAN. Mr. Chairman, I am induced
to ask the indulgence of the House to a few re-
marks upon this interesting topic. I agree with
the gentleman who just sat down, that this is a
question which should be considered irrespective
of party. It is above party, and beyond party.
There should be but one party where the industrial
interests of the country are concerned, and, for
one, I am ready to cooperate with any man of
whatever party, and to yield to any party the
honor of promoting those interests; and, sir, I am
indifferent whether those interests are promoted
by increasing, or by reducing duties on such articles
as enter into the labor of the country.
Whatever opinions a majority of this House
may entertain in regard to the general principles
of the tariff of '46, I presume there is no intelli-
gent gentleman who will contend here that the
tariffis perfect—that it is entirely free from faults—
that there are no particulars in which it might not
be amended beneficially to some interests, with-
out being prejudicial to other interests of the coun-
try. But I rise mainly to ask the attention of the
j House to a few particulars, and a few evils and
errors in the tariff of '46, to correct which I vainly
1 attempted to introduce a bill at the late session.
The first and most important of these is, in rela-
! tion to the article of wool. Wool of every de-
scription imported into this country, pays a duty
of thirty per cent., while coarse blankets and some
similar articles pay a duty of only twenty percent.
Worsted yarns and other articles of that descrip-
tion pay a duty of only twenty-five per cent. The
tariff is thus made to operate directly against the
interest of those engaged in the manufacture of
those articles; and to add to the unequal competi-
tion, they are obliged to wage with the cheaper
capital and cheaper labor of other countries, the
burden of a higher duty on the raw material they
are compelled to use than is paid on the imported
fabrics. For while England admits wool free of
duty, the manufacturer in this country is compelled
to pay thirty per cent, upon every description of
wool. Now, it is essential to the manufacture of
low-priced woolen blankets, and articles of that
description, and to the manufacturer of worsted,
that he should use a cheap imported wool. The
wool which he uses is not produced in this coun-
try, and the duty upon it might be reduced without
prejudice to American wool-growers. And I think
gentlemen who have any knowledge of the prog-
ress of carpet manufacturing in this country, and
the effect it has had in reduc.ng the price of the
article, will admit that it is a manufacture which
ought to be favored.
I would desire, therefore, that the duty on for-
eign wool, of a low grade, and low price, should
be reduced. I believe it can be done without pre-
judice or injustice to wool-growers in this coun-
try-
There is another article—that of flfwc, which is
not extensively produced in this country, so far
as my inquiries extend. The duty on flax, by the
tariff of '4fi, is twice as much as it was by the
tariff of '42. I am assured by manufacturers, who
have had great experience in this matter, that they
are compelled, in order to make thread of the best
quality, to import to a large extent flax of foreign
