40
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 13,
the inquiry, because there is not an individual m
the United States, either inside or outside of the
Senate, in more utter ignorance of the mode and
manner adopted to (ill up committees than myself;
and for the purpose of affording that information
for which I have asked to myse! f, as well as others
elsewhere who may take an interest in the sub-
ject, I hope the Senator will state to us the mode
and manner in which the committees have been
selected; and then I do not know that I shall be
disposed to interpose any further objection.
Mr. BRIGHT. The committees which it is
proposed to recommend to the Senate are substan-
tially the same as those of the 1 tst session. There
are a few vacancies—only three, 1 believe: one on
the Committee on Revolutionary Claims, another
on the Committee on Private Land Claims, and one
on the Committee on Roads and Canals. These
committees, it was supposed, woukl have their
vacancies filled by the Chair. I will state, how-
ever, to the Senate, that the committees have been
organized by the concurrence of the members of
the political party having the majority in this
body. They met and agreed upon the number of
gentlemen of their party to be placed upon cach
committee. After they had done this, the list was
handed to the Senator from Maryland, [Mr.
Pearce,] and with the concurrence of members of
his party, two Senators of that party have been
placed on all committees composed of five mem-
bers, and one on all committees composed of three.
This has been the practice for the last three or
four years. I believe the gentleman from New
Hampshire is not on any committee, and for the
reason that we considered him outside .of uny
healthy political organization in this country.
[Laughter.]
Mr. HALE. I am exceedingly glad to hear
that, for I am glad to be relieved from the labor,
and proud of the reason. So that I am satisfied,
and, as an honorable Senator once said, " more
than that, I am gratified." It was simply to illus-
trate this fact that I made the inquiry. The hon-
orable Senate, at the last session—I have no doubt j
with a due appreciation of my qualifications for j
the station—placed me on the Committee on Pri- j
vate Land Claims, no doubt considering- that my
local position and pursuits qualified me to dis-
charge the duty that I owed to the country, in the
best manner, in connection with that important
committee; and I thjnk I can call on ail the mem-
bers of that committee with whom I acted, to bear
witness that to the best of my abilities I did dis-
charge the duties that I owe to the country, so far
as I might. Everything that I proposed by my
inquiry, has been disclosed by the honorable" Sen-
ntorfrom Indiana, with his accustomed frankness,
and we find that it has been the customary prac-
tice, in placing members on committees of this
body, not to have any respect for, or to look at
all to the qualifications which the persons might
be supposed to possess, but to the fidelity with
which they have walked in the traces of certain
political parties.
It is true that the party with which I have walked
is extremely small, but not so small as may be sup-
posed; for we have paid back to the Democratic
party—I mean the Compromise party—the whole
of the capital that we took from them in 1848, and
what we have left now are, I think, clean and true
men. Of the health with which their nulses beat,
perhaps there may be different opinions. Of the
purposes which they propose, and the purity of
their principles, perhaps there may be different
opinions; but of this one fact, I think there can be
no doubt, that so far as the things to which they
look, and to winch they attach any importance are
concerned, it may be settled now that there are in
this country but two political parties. I have Ion? 1
been of that opinion. One of them is very laree— j
very large indeed—but I think the honorable Sen- !
ator will find before this session is over, "ertainly 1
before another is passed, that they will need a little li
external pressure to keep them together. Havin°-
annihilated the Whig party, so that no outward
pressure comes from that quarter, if this small party
to winch ! belong, and to which the Senator has .
alluded, does not retain its organization and posi-
tion, they must fall to pieces of their own immense j
weight. Why, the organ of that party, the other
day, in speaking of it, spoke of it as being already l;
a "swollen party." Swollen! Now, sir, the :
Senator has spoken of health, and I understand
"•wollen to indicate an unhealthy enlargement
t   
| not, sir, a healthy, rotund, vigorous growth, "Ecce
r homo!" [Laughter.] I understand that such a
; "swollen" condition requires depletion in some
'• way or other, so as to reduce the system down to
a healthy action. That is the way in which the
Union, tfie organ of this great party, speaks of it,—
as a "swollen" party,—and nobody is more dis-
posed to admit it, and call it great, than I am; for
I look at it from a much smaller position.
But I will not detain the Senate. The informa-
tion which I-desired has been laid before the Sen-
ate, and so far as I am concerned, the Senate may
pursue their own way.
No objection being made, the rule was sus-
pended.
Mr. BRIGHT. I move that the following be
1 appointed as the standing committees of the Senate:
; On Foreign Relations—Messrs. Mason, (chair-
I man,) Nonis, Douglas, Mangum, and Under-
wood .
Chi Finance—Messrs. Hunter, (chairman,)
Bright, Gwin, Pearce, and Miller.
On Commerce—Mes.srs. Hamlin, (chairman,)
Souk", Dodge of Wisconsin, and Seward. ;
On Manufactures—Messrs. Sebastian, (chair-
man,) Bayard, James, Upham,and Pish.
On Agriculture—Messrs. Souk", (chairman,)
Walker, Atchison,Spruance, and Wade.
On Military Affairs—Messrs. Shields, (chair-
man,) Clemens, Borland, Dawson, and Jones of
Tennessee.
On Militia—Messrs. Houston, (chairman,)
Dodge of Wisconsin, Cathcart, Morton, and
Spruance.
On Naval Affairs—Messrs. Gwin, (chairman,)
Stockton, Mallory, Badger, and Pish.
On Public Lands—Messrs. Felch, (chairman,)
Borland, Dodge of Iowa, Underwood, and Pratt.
On Private Land Claims—Messrs. Downs,
(chairman,) Cathcart, Clemens, and Davis.
On Indian Affairs—Messrs. Atchison, (chair-
man,) Sebastian, Rusk, Bell, and Cooper.
On Claims—Messrs. Brodhead, (chairman,)
Bayard, Adams, Pratt, and Wade.
On Pensions—Mr. Jones of Iowa, (chairman,)
Weller, Stockton, Foot, and Geyer.
Oil Ike District of Columbia—Messrs. Shields, i
| (chairman,) Bradbury, Norris, Clarke, and
j Brooke.
j On.Patents and the Patent Office—Messrs. James,
i (chairman,) De Saussure, Charlton, Dawson, and
1 Smith.
On Revolutionary Claims — Messrs. Walker,
(chairman,) Brodhead, Foot, and Brooke.
On the Judiciary—Messrs. Butler, (chairman,)
Downs, Bradbury, Geyer, and Badger.
On the Post Office and Post Roads—Messrs. Rusk,
(chairman,) Soule, Hamlin, Upham, and Morton.
On Roads and Canals—Messrs. Bright, ^chair-
man,) Douglas, Adams, and Spruance.
On Territories—Messrs. Douglas, (chairman,)
Houston, Weller, Cooper, and Jones of Tennes-
see.
On Public Buildings—Messrs. James, (chair-
man,) Hunter, and Clarke.
On Printing— Messrs. Borland, (chairman,)
Hamlin, and Smith.
On Retrenchment—Messrs. Bradbury, (chair-
man,) Bright, Felch, Mangum, and Fish.
On the Library—Messrs. Pearce, (chairman,)
Clemens, and Dodge of Iowa.
To Audit and Control the Contingent Expenses of
the Senate—Messrs. Dodge of Iowa, (chairman,)
Walker, and Underwood.
On Engrossed Bills—Messrs. Bayard, (chair-
man,) and Mallory.
On Enrolled Bills—Messrs. Jones of Iowa
(chairman,^ and Badger. '
Mr. WALKER. Mr. President, I find my
name, in that list, on several committees on which
I have served as long as I care to. serve—the Com-
mitteeon Revolutionary Claims, the Committee on
Agriculture, and the Committee to Audit and Con-
trol the Contingent Expenses of the Senate. 1
have bestowed upon the affairs of the first com-
mittee a good deal of attention. The subjects
whica came before it were of a great deal of im-
portance. It was of more importance, however,
to ascertain whether the Government really owes
anything or not on the grounds of revolutionary
claims, and I came to the conclusion, as chairman
of the committee, that the Government had paid
tor revolutionary claims about all it ought to pay
or that the committee had already reported those I
!. cases on which a favorable report ought to be
J made. As to the Committee on Agriculture, I
have never been notified to attend a meeting of it.
As to the Committee to Audit and Control the
Contingent Expenses of the Senate, I think our
Secretary is far better qualified to take charge of
the subjects committed to its care than any com-
1 mittee we can appoint. I would, therefore, ask
i to be excused from serving on either of the com-
mittees I have named, and that other names may
be substituted in the place of my own.
Mr. BADGER. Let the question be taken on
the general proposition first, and then the Senator
can decline to serve on those committees.
\ Mr. WALKER, is not the question on the
election of the committees ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is.
Mr. WALKER. I desire, then, riot to be on
the committees which I have named.
Mr. BRIGHT. To obviate the difficulty, I
would suggest that the Senator should let my mo-
tion be put, and then he can resign his position on
these committees, and let the Chair appoint other
Senators in his place. That ia the mode usually
followed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin submit any motion?
Mr. WALKER. My proposition, in what-
ever way you take it, is to be relieved from serv-
ing on the committees 1 have named. 1 do not
wish to be elected as a member of those commit-
tees. I was not present at the caucus which drew
up the list which has oeen submitted to us. I have
heretofore been present at the several caucuses
when the committees were constituted, and I said
nothing. Aside from Wisconsin being " the ban-
ner State" in the Union at the late election, she
has some important interests which should be at-
tended to. She is an agricultural State—a State
with a larger agricultural interest than any State
of her population and age in the Union. She is n
commercial State; she has important Indian rela-
tions; she has a vast amount of public lands; and
yet, under the constitution of these committees,
Wisconsin has but one place on an important"
committee, and that is on the Committee on Com-
merce. 1 do not know how this originates. It
can be from no invidious design; but yet such is
the fact, while Senators who are in their places
here for a second session only, are put, not only
on one, but on numerous leading committees in the
Senate.
For one, I have sat still as long as I fee! dis-
posed to do so. Wisconsin has interests to be
attended to. It may be that the Senate think we
are unqualified, if we were on the committees, to
attend to those interests; but perhaps if the Sen-
ators from Wisconsin are not to be studiously
excluded from positions in which they can make
an effort to attend to the interests of their State,
they might make an exhibition of themselves quite
equal to that of those who think it proper thus to
class them in the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on striking the name of the Senator from Wis-
consin from the committees designated by him
That motion is made by way of an amendment to
the motion of the Senator from Indiana.
Mr. MANGUM. How can his name be strick-
en out before the committees are chosen ? Let the
general list be adopted first.
Mr. BRIGHT. I asked leave to suspend the
operation of the rule providing that all committees
should be elected by ballot. It required unani-
mous consent to do it. It was agreed to. I fol-
lowed that with a motion, that the names which
were read,constitute the committees of the Senate,
and of course the first question will be on the
adoption of that list.
The;PRESIDING OFFICER. Intheopinion
of the Chair, the Senator from Wisconsin has a
right to_offer an amendment to the motion made
byu-T^ena"0r ,.rom Indiana, and the amendment
which he offers is that his name be stricken from
the committees designated by him.
Mr. HALE. I hope that the suggestion of the
honorable Senator from Wisconsin will be listened
to, for it strikes me that there is force in his sug-
gestion, though perhaps Ire did not see the whole
ot it. 1 here are two or three members here who
belong-to an unhealthy organization, and it ought
to be remembered, as a general fact, that Wiscon-
sin has been rather sickly on the question alluded
to, and I think that there has been at least on«
