1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
41
vote from Wisconsin with the most fanatical of
the fanatics, more than nine tenths of the time.
I think, therefore, she ought to feel the rod a little.
Why, if we, for our sins, are to be excommuni-
cated, shall not they, for their misdeeds, feel the
rod a little? I think Wisconsin, instead of being
m a position in which she ought to find fault, is
in one where she ought to take it as an indication
that she may return and imitate that old patriarch
of whom it was said:
'• Job feels the roil,
Yet blesses God."
It seems to me that would be the part of wisdom
in a State so eligibly situated as Wisconsin. I
have seen Wisconsin, sir; I have been there; and
I accord to her everything which the honorable
Senator says r.f his State. I think it is a great
State, a gloriou-J State, with fine soil, large prai-
ries, and some excellent people; and to her credit
it ought to be said, that there are some counties in
which these fanatics are actually in the majority.
Under these circumstances 1 think full justice lias
been done to Wisconsin.
Mr. WALKER. I put my objection to the
constitution of these committees on no such ground
as that stated by the honorable Senator from New
Hampshire. So far as Wisconsin has been in an
unhealthy condition, I am happy to say that she
lias nearly recovered, and lias returned to a pretty
sound and healthy condition of her political con-
stitution. It is true the Senator fiom New Hamp-
shire has been in Wisconsin. He had an oppor- .
tunity of looking at her soil, and of viewing her
topography, her fine prairies, forests, and farms.
He passed along the borders of one of mine. The
Senator, while there, was endeavoring to admin-
ister some medicine, which, according to his no-
tions, ought to restore the body-politic of Wiscon-
sin to a more healthy condition. But the dose did
not operate as he intended. I will say nothing of
the ability of the physician,but certainly the qual-
ity of the medicine was bad, and instead of the
effect he desired, it had an opposite one
As to the counties in Wisconsin where the
Senator says he has the majority, I know nothing.
I believe that every county voted for Pierce and
King, except one, and there I think the vote was
a tie between Scott and Pierce. That is the con-
dition of Wisconsin now, and if there is anything
in that for the gentleman to congratulate himself
upon, be it so. But I put my objection to the
organization of the committees of the Senate,
upon the ground that Wisconsin has not the posi- i
•ion there which she ought to have—Wisconsin, I
not her Senators. For one, I stand hereto repre-
sent in part that State; and I say that she has been
neglected in the organization of these committees
in view of every important interest which she has.
Why, sir, we have scarcely a revolutionary soldier 1
in Wisconsin; I doubt whether we have one.
Those men were too old to emigrate there, and
we certainly did not raise any. Wisconsin attends
to her own agricultural concerns, and she takes
very little interest in the expenditure of the con-
tingent fund of the Senate.
We have but one important position upon the
committees, and that is on the Committee on Com-
merce, upon which my colleague- [Mr. Dodge]
has been appointed. Everybody here knows that
he is amply competent to discharge his duty upon
that committee. I am proud to see him there, and
so are the people of Wisconsin, as they are proud
to see him placed in any position of honor and
distinction. But in the most important interests
Wisconsin has not a member to represent her on a
committee. She has not a member upon the Com-
mittee on Public Lands; she has not a member
upon the Committee on Indian Affairs; she has
not a member upon any committee in the duties of
which she really feels and takes an interest. Wi -
consin has been inquiring why this is so. Since I
have been here I have manifested personally an in-
terest on the subject of the disposition of the pub-
lic lands-. Since I have been here I have had to
bear the brunt in relation to the Indian affairs of
Wisconsin, and in regard to them I have been
thrown in rather an unpleasant position, as the
Senate knows; [ have been brought in conflict not
only with persons in this body, but with persons
in the other House partly representing Wisconsin.
Her Indian relations have been made a subject of
speculation from beginningto end.
These are subjects in which she feels an inter-
est; but these are subjects in which she never has
had a voice upon the committees of this body;
and yet, sir, 1 have worn out one term here—a
short one it is true—and pretty well gone through
the second. My colleague has been here the same
length of time. He is upon his second term; and
yet Wisconsin has been represented upon but
one solitary committee of any importance in this
body, and that is the Committee on Commerce.
1 venture to say that my venerable colleague is as
well acquainted with the interests of Wisconsin,
in regard to her Indian relations, as any man who
could be named, not only in the Senate but in this
Union. He has been an observer of the rise and the
progress of the settlement of Wisconsin. He is
familiar with the history of her public lands and
the relations of that State to the Government, in
view of those lands. I have lived in the West a
good while; I have lived in Wisconsin for some
time; both myself and my colleague have repre-
sented Wisconsin on this floor for some time; and
yet she ha3 never been permitted, except through
her individual Senators upon the floor, to whisper
a word on the subject of the public lands. She is
struggling for internal improvements; she has in-
terests as vast as those States whose representa-
tives, although here for only their first or second
session, have got upon committees with regard to
almost every subject in which the States can feel
a desire that their local interests shall be promoted.
I am sorry to see the committees so constituted.
For one 1 have served on the committees named
as long as I desire.
The amendment was agreed to, and the question
then was on the proposition of Mr. Bright, as
amended.
Mr. CHASE. In the formation of these com-
mittees I have taken very little interest, except to
discharge, so far as may be in my power, whatever
duties may devolve upon me as a member of a
committee, or as a Senator. Whether upon a
committee or not, I mean to fulfill every obligation
belonging to me as a Senator of the United States,
representing in part the second State of the Ameri-
can Union, to the best of the abilities with which
it has pleased God to endow me. I think, sir,
however, that it is quite obvious, upon the reading
of the list ot" names of the gentlemen who compose
the different committees, arvd from the statement
which has fallen from the Senator from Wisconsin,
that there is quite a number of Senators, both
upon the committees and not upon them, who
have not been at all consulted as to their organiza-
tion. If I understood the representation of the
Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Bright,] as to the
organization of the committees, it is this: the party
having the majority in the Senate have met in
caucus, and they have selected for themselves a
majority of members upon all or nearly all com-
mittees of the Senate. The list thus made up was
given to a Senator associated with the political
parLy forming a minority in the Senate, or rather
one of the minorities, who, upon consultation with
his political friends, has completed the committees,
by selections from the Whig party. Now, the
principle upon which the Senator from Indiana
has said that these two have proceeded in consti-
tuting these committees, is to exclude those who,
in their judgment, stand outside of the healthful
political organizations of the country.
Mr. President, my position is well known, at
least to the constituents whom I have the honor
to represent. It is that of a Democrat, by the
grace of God, free and independent—a Democrat
holding in good faith, and with a fixed purpose
to carry into practical application, all the prin-
ciples of the Democratic faith, whether they re-
spect the rights of persons, the rights of the States,
or the rights of nations. I repeat, sir, I am ready,
according to my ability, to give to those prin-
ciples the fullest practical application which our
Constitution and the principles of our Government
will admit.
Well, sir, if there is anything in holding this
faith—and I challenge anybody to point out any
part of my political action which is in conflict with
this declaration—to mark me as outside of the
healthy political organizations in this country, I
must be content to endure whatever reproach in-
flexibje adhesion to this position may bring upon
me. I wish, however, to test the sense of the
Senate on this matter; and inasmuch as it is quite
apparent that a number of Senators have not
been consulted at all, and that there is only a
partial arrangement of the committees which is
unjust to some of the great Stated of the West,
I move to postpone the further consideration of
this resolution until to-morrow, that the Senate
and the country may see how the committees are
composed. I make that motion, and upon that I
ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HUNTER. Before the roll is called, I
would suggest that we may find ourselves involved
in a practical difficulty. When we come to the
State of Kentucky, who shall we call? The Sen-
ate refused to settle that question the other day,
and I foresaw then that this state of things might
arise. Why, if a motion to adjourn were made,
and the yeas and nays were called upon it, when
we came to that State, the same difficulty might
occur. It seems to me, therefore, that before we go
into this question, we shall have to determine who
is Senator from Kentucky, or we shall have to
agree, by general consent, that the Secretary omit
to call the name of Mr. Meriwether, which is now
upon the roll. One or the other is indispensable,
or we shall be involved in inextricable confusion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be no
objection, the Secretary will not call Mr. Meri-
wether's name.
There was no objection.
The question being taken by yeas and nays, on
the motion to postpone, resulted—yeas 6, nays 38,
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Brodhead, Chase, Clarke, Hale, Sum-
ner, arid Wade—6.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Atchison, Badger, Bayard, Bor-
land, Bradbury, Bright, Brooke, Butler, Cass. Cathcart,
Charlton, Clemens, Cooper, Dawson, Dodge of Wisconsin,
Dodge of Iowa, Douglas, Felcli, Fish, Foot, Geyer, Gwin,
Hunter, James, Jones of Tennessee, Mason, Miller, Morton,
Pearce, Shields, Sriiilli, Souls, Spruance, Toucey, Under-
wood, ('phalli, and Weller—38.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The list of committees as amended was agreed
to.
Mr. BRIGHT. There are several vacancies on
the committees which it is important should be
filled. I move that they be filled by the Presiding
Officer.
Mr. HALE. I presume that requires unani-
1 mous consent.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks not.
Mr. HALE. The rule requires that members
of committees shall be chosen by ballot, and it
1 requires unanimous consent to dispense with the
[ rule. I object to the Senator's motion,
j Mr. BRiGHT. I do not think the rule pre-
i vents my motion being made. I believe the rule
.1 provides that vacancies may be filled as the Senate
shall direct. It is in the power of the Senate to
direct the Chair to fill a vacancy.
Mr. HALE. I presume that it is so after the
committees have been once filled. Then if a va-
cancy occurs the Senate may direct the Chair to
fill it; but these are not strictly vacancies, because
the committees are not yet full. Only a part of the
members of the committees have been, chosen. 1
object to the motion of the Senator from Indiana
for this reason: I do it solely to relieve the Chair.
The committees are mostly filled up. All the mem-
bers of the Senate, I believe, have been provided
with places on them except those who stand
entirely outside of the " healthy political organ-
izations." Those gentlemen who have taken the
responsibility of filling up the committees, have
used up the " healthy" material, and now they
want you, sir, to use up the unhealthy stock. 1
do not want any such responsibility thrown upon
the Chair. I want those who have undertaken
this business to do it entirely.
Mr. WELLER. The Chair can do it as well
as any man in the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair ia
of the opinion that these are not strictly vacan-
cies, for the committees are not yet organized.
Mr. BRIGHT. I understand the Senator from
New Hampshire to object to the Chair filling the
places left vacant upon the paper which has been
read. He does not object, I believe, to the Chair
i filling the vacancies created by the resignation of
i the Senator from Wisconsin.
Mr. BADGER. There was no resignation.
Mr. BRIGHT. There are three vacancies cre-
ated by the resignation of the Senatar from Wis-
consin. He has been excused from serving on
: those committees where his name appears on the
I list. I have no particular choice aa to whether
