42
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 13,
these vacancies be filled by ballot or by the Chair.
I made the motion with the view of saving time;
but it' the Senator persists 1 suppose we shall have
to ballot.
Mr. HALE. There are, strictly speaking, no
vacancies to be filled. The committees are incom-
plete as it regards those on which the Senator from
Wisconsin stood, as well as those upon which it
was designed to place " unhealthy" members.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection being
made to the course suggested by the Senator from
Indiana, the opinion of the Chair is, that the Sen-
ate will have to complete the committees by ballot.
Mr. BRIGHT. I withdraw my motion, so as
to leave the committees for the present as they
have been ordered.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. There is nothing
before the Senate, I believe.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Petitions are
in order.
Mr. HALE. I rise to a question of order. The
Senate have voted that they will proceed to fill the
committees. Must not that order be executed
before we can proceed with other business? Be-
sides that, the rule of the Senate requires it. I wish
the Chair would have the rule read with regard to
the appointment of committees.
The Secretary accordingly read the 34th and
35th rules, as follows:
3). " The follow-in® standing committees, to consist of
five members each, shall be appointed at the commence-
ment of each session, with leave to report by bill and other
wise," fitc.
«• In the appointment of the standing committees,
the Senate will proceed, by ballot, severally to appoint the
ehairman of each committee, and then, by one ballot, the
other members necessary to complete the same; and a
majority of the. whole number of votes given shall be ne-
cessary to the choice of a chairman of a standing commit-
tee. All other committees shall be appointed by ballot, and
a plurality of votf s shall make a choice When any sub-
ject or matter shall have been referred to a committee, any
other subject or matterofa similar nature may, on motion,
be referred to such committee.*'
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
of the opinion that the committees will not have
been formed until the list of names shall have been
completed. The Chair understood the Senator
from Indiana this morning to move to suspend the
rule in order to make the motion which he sub-
mitted. That motion has been acted upon by the !
Senate, and nearly all the commiuees have been |
filled; but the Chair is of opinion that before the ,
committees can be said to have been formed addi-
tional action must be had, and that by ballot. Is
there a proposition to fill by ballot or otherwise ?
The Chair believes there is not.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I presume that the
proper organization of the body ought to com-
mand the attention of the Senate at this time. I
rise for the purpose of calling up the case of my
colleague, Mr. Dixon, as I think it is my right to
do, in order to ask that he may be qualified, or
that the resolution with regard to his credentials,
which was presented the other day, may be acted
upon.
Mr. CHASE. I wish to inquire whether the
order to appoint committees has yet been executed ?
If it has not been executed—and 1 understand
such to be the opinion of the Chair—I suppose the
first duty of the Senate is to proceed to fill the com-
mittees by appointing the remaining members; and
until that order is executed,"! apprehend we can-
not set it aside without some formal vote. I think
H is yet the pending business before the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
of the opinion that that is a matter for the Senate
to decide.
Mr. BRIGHT. Never, sir, until this morning,
I believe, have we had any difficulty in filling the
committees. The list that I was directed by my
associates to present embodied, as I understood,
the sentiment of the body; and in presenting it I
presented only that which I understood to be the
sentiment ofthe body. I am no more responsible
for it than is any other gentleman who met with
me in the caucus which agreed upon it. I sup-
pose that if gentlemen insist on balloting we shall
have to ballot to fill the six different vacancies now
existing; and therefore I move that we proceed to
ballot to fill the vacancies in the order in which
they occur on the list.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Will it not be in order
to mnke a motion to postpone until to-morrow the
execution of the order for filling the Committees ?
Mr. BADGER. Let us get through with it.
it will not take more than twenty minutes. I
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Very well; I have no
objection.
The motion of Mr. Bright was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Senators will
prepare their ballots for one member of the Com-
mittee oil Agriculture.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I would inquire whether it
would not be competent for us to vote to fill all the
vacancies at once? I think that course would fa-
cilitate the business now in hand. 1 ask the Sec-
retary to read over the vacancies to be filled, so
that each Senator may vote for all at once.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If such be the
sense of the Senate, that course will be pursued.
Senators, therefore, will prepare their ballots for
one member of the Commutee on Agriculture, one
member of the Committee on Private Land Claims,
two members ofthe Committee on Revolutionary
Claims, one of whom to be chairman, one mem-
ber of the Committee on Roads and Canals, and
one member of the Committee to Audit and Con-
trol the Contingent Expenses of the Senate.
The Senate accordingly proceeded to ballot, with
the following result:
COMMITTEE ON AGRICULTURE.
Mr. Hale received 10 votes.
Mr. Chase 2 "
Mr. Bright  1 "
Mr. Geyer  1 "
Mr. Charlton  1 "
Mr. Gwin  1 "
COMMITTEE ON PRIVATE LAND CLAIMS.
Mr. Hale received 5 votes.
Mr. Walker 3 "
Mr. Chase  3 "
Mr. Toucey  1 "
Mr. Charlton  1 "
Mr. Cathcart  1 "
Mr. Douglas  1 "
Mr. Gwin  1 "
COMMITTEE ON REVOLUTIONARY CLAIMS.
Mr. Toucey received  4 votes.
Mr. Adams 4 "
Mr. Sumner    3 "
Mr. Charlton 2 "
Mr. Chase 2 "
Mr. Hale  1 "
Mr. Geyer 1 "
Mr. Houston 1 "
Mr. De Saussure 1 "
Mr. Butler  1 "
COMMITTEE ON ROADS AND CANALS.
Mr. Underwood received 2 votes.
Mr. Felch  2 "
Mr. Seward  2 "
Mr. Walker  1 •'
Mr. Toucey  1 "
Mr. Chase  1 "
Mr. Sumner  1 "
Mr. Cathcart 1 "
COMMITTEE TO AUDIT AND CONTROL THE
CONTINGENT EXPENSES.
Mr. Bright received 14 votes.
Mr. Cathcart 3 "
Mr. Adams.   1 "
Mr. Bayard  1 "
Mr. Gwin  1 "
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There has been
no quorum voting, and therefore there is no elec-
tion.
Mr. MANGUM. I believe there is a quorum
present, and I think a plurality elects.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. A plurality
can elect, if there be a quorum voting.
Mr. MANGUM. I wish to know the total
vote.
The PRESIDINGOFFICER. For a member
of the Committee on Agriculture, sixteen votes;
Private Land Claims, sixteen; Revolutionary
Claims, twenty; Roads and Canals, eleven; and
Contingent Expenses, twenty.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. It is obvious that there
is a quorum in the Chamber, and it is equally ob-
vious that Senators take no interest in the filling
of these vacancies. Time is precious, and I there-
fore move—and I hope there will be no objection
to it—that the Chair be authorized to fill these va-
cancies.
Mr. HALE. I object.
Mr. CHASE. When the Senator from Penn-
sylvania proposed that we should ballot for all
the vncancies together, I thought that we should
fall into precisely the difficulty which has occurred.
I have no doubt' that a quorum lias voted; or, at
least, it may be quite possible that a quorum could
have voted, and there yet have been precisely the
result which has been exhibited. I think that if
we proceed to fill the committees, one by one, we
shall avoid this difficulty.
Mr. ADAMS. I move that we proceed to fill
each vacancy separately.
Mr. CHASE. I wish to state, however, that
under the slate of things that exists here at this
moment, I have felt it due to the Slate which 1
represent, and to my own self-respect, not to vote
at nil.
The motion of Mr. Adams was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Senators will
therefore prepare their ballots for one member of
the Committee on Agriculture.
Mr. BAYARD. I would suggest that, as I un-
derstand the rules of the Senate, they require that
the chairman of the committees shall be first
elected. The chairman of the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims has not yet been elected,
therefore, I presume the rule requires that we
shall vote first for chairman of that committee. I
moie to proceed to the election of chairman of
the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The rule re-
quires that the chairmen of the committees shall
be first selected.
Mr. BRADBURY. I hope the motion will not
be persisted in, because the ballots have been par-
tially given in for a member of the Committee on
Agriculture. I hope that by general consent we
will proceed with that ballot.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will answer
the purpose of the gentleman from Delaware, to
vote for chairman of the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims after the present ballot. Does he
persist in his motion?
Mr. BAYARD. I certainly do persist in the
motion. If the rules of the Senate are worth
making, they are worth adhering to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER:. Then Senators
will prepare their ballots for chairman of the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mi^lALE. 1 want to inquire for information,
j if it would be in order, when voting for chairman
j of this committee, to vote for any gentleman who
, has been already selected for a subordinate place
on it?
ThePRESIDING OFFICER. Certainly. The
difficulty presented to the Senate was the irregu-
lar manner adopted on the motion of the Senator
from Indiana, that the Senate should fill the com-
mittees under the resolution which he presented.
Now, whether the first mentioned standing on the
committee shall be chairman or not does not ap-
pear from the list which has been handed up and
been adopted by the Senate. It is very certain
that under the rule, strictly construed, no chairman
was elected.
Mr. BRIGHT. I think the error consisted in
the Chair deciding that after the rule had been
suspended, a majority of the Senate might not
make any order they saw proper in reference to
filling the committees. My original motion was to
suspend the rule. That required unanimous con-
sent. The rule was suspended and the Senate
proceeded to fill most of the committees, leaving
but five or six vacancies. I think it was entire-
ly in order, then, for the majority of the Senate to
order the Chair to fill those vacancies; for the
Senate had previously, by unanimous consent,sus-
pended the rule. I do not believe thatany fair in-
terpretation of the rule requires us now to ballot to
fill those vacancies. I believe a majority of the
Senate have a right to order the Chair to perform
ftiat duty.
Mr. BADGER.. It is too late now to raise that
question. No appeal was taken from the decision
of the Chair, and we are balloting.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The gentleman
from North Carolina is correct.
The Senate proceeded to ballot for chairman of
I the Committee on Revolutionary Claims, with the
I following result:
I Mr. Hale 9 votes.
Mr. Sumner  6 "
Mr. Bayard 4 "
Mr. Chase 3 "
Mr. Adams 2 "
