48
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 13.
I have the honor in part to represent. They sim-
ply ask that freedom of the worship of God for
Americans abroad that is granted to the citizens
of other countries in the United States. I am not
sufficiently advised on the subject to answer the
interrogatory propounded by myfriend from Mich-
igan, [Air. Stoart.] I ask only the reference of
the resolutions to the Committee on Foreign Af-
fairs.
Mr. CARTTER. Let them be referred.
Mr. STUART. I have no objection to their
leference.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I have no ob-
jection to the reference of these resolutions to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs, if the gentleman
desires it; but I cannot allow the occasion to pass,
without very decidedly expressing my opinion of
our powers in this regard. We have no right to
instruct our ministers abroad. We have no right
to speak to them. This matter can only be in
the form of a suggestion to the President. So far
as the precedent is concerned, I shall be opposed
to any action on the resolutions. It would seem
as though vve did not understand the duties appro-
priate to our sphere. If the gentleman does not
wish the resolutions to go as a precedent, but
merely as a suggestion, I shall not object to the
reference. I certainly would not vote for the res-
olution on its passage. With this protest, I shall
interpose no objection to the reference indicated.
Mr. TAYLOR. These resolutions seem to be
in the form of instructions by this House to our
ministers abroad. It belongs alone to the Exec-
utive power of the Government to instruct our
ministers, and I think that we are passing out of
our proper sphere when we undertake to interfere
with that power. Whilst we retain all of our
legislative power, let us be cautious how we en-
croach on the authority of the Executive of the
country. If the reference of these resolutions to
the Committee on Foreign Affairs be intended
only that inquiry may be instituted into the expe-
diency of some action 011 this subject, I shall make
no objection. I wish, however, to be considered as
protesting against any . encroachment by this
House upon the powers of tte Executive.
Mr. WILCOX. I only ask the reference of
the resolutions to the Committee on Foreign Af-
fairs that the subject maybe investigated, and I
hope it will not be objected to.
There was no objection, and the resolutions
were referred to the Committee on Foreign Af-
fairs. 1
LANDS FOR ACTUAL SETTLERS.
Mr. HUNTER obtained leave, and presented
a joint resolution of the General Assembly of the
State of Ohio, instructing her Senators, and re-
questing her Representatives to advocate the giving
to each actual settler one hundred and sixty acres
of public land for the cost to the Government of
the survey and location thereof; which was read,
referred to the Committee on Public Lands, and
ordered to be printed.
RIGHT OF WAY.
Mr. IVES. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to introduce " A bill granting to the
Sackett's Harbor and Ellisburg Railroad Company
the right of way through the "military reservation
at Sackett's Harbor, New York."
There was no objection to the introduction of
the bill, and it was read a first and second time bv
its title.
Mr. IVES. I ask that the bill be put upon its
passage.
Mr. JONES. I think that it would be best to
refer that bill to the Committee on Military Af-
fairs; and I submit the motion for its reference.
Mr. COBB. I think that the bill ought to go
to the Committee on the Public Lands, before
which committee it was the last session. That is
the legitimate committee.
Mr. HAVEN. I ask that the bill be read
through; I think there is no use in referring it at
all. The House has been in the habit of passing
bills and joint resolutions of this character; and if
it is to receive the sanction of the House as similar
bills have previously, it may as well receive that
sanction now. I ask that the bill be read through
The bill was read through.
Mr. COBB. I withdraw my proposition to re-
fer to the Committee on the Public Lands. The
bill introduced at the last session, made an appro-
priation of lands, and this does not; and I there-
fore have no objection to its passage.
The question was taken on the motion to refer
the bill to the Committee on Military Affairs, and
it was disagreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and having been engrossed was
read the third time and passed.
SUPERINTENDENT OF THE CENSUS.
Mr. MEADE. In the bill which we passed at
the last session, in relation to the Census, there
was a casual mistake which the Senate sought to
correct by " Joint Resolution [No. 54] explana-
1 tory of an act supplementary to an act' provid-
' ing for the taking of the seventh and subsequent
' censuses of the United States and to fix the num-
' ber of the members of the House of Representa-
' tives, and to provide for their future apportion-
' ment among the several States,' approved 23d
' day of May, 1850." That joint resolution was
sent down here too late for our action, probably,
and it is now on the Speaker's table. I ask that
it be taken up, and if the House will hear it read—
and it is short—I am sure they will see the neces-
sity of putting it on its passage, as it relates to the
payment of public money to the officers of the
Government.
The resolution was read a first and second
time.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I would inquire
of the gentleman from Virginia, the object of the
resolution just read ? I could not gather it from
its reading.
Mr. MEADE. I will explain to the gentleman.
As well as I recollect, there was an error committed
by which the Superintendent of the Census might,
by the strict letter of that bill,draw his pay both as
Clerk of the Census Board and .Superintendent of
the Census. When the Senate became aware of
this mistake, they sent down to us this joint reso-
lution for its correction. It gives the Superintend-
ent the choice of being paid as Clerk of the Census
Board or Superintendent of the Census.
The joint resolution was then ordered to a third
reading, and, according to order, was read the
third time and passed.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to recon- I
aider the vote just taken, and to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table. I
The latter motion was agreed to. !
I ORANGE AND ALEXANDRIA RAILROAD.
Mr. MEADE. I again throw myself on the
indulgence of the House, and ask the adoption of
the resolution making the bill for the relief of the
Orange and Alexandria Railroad Company, which
is among the first on the calendar, the special or-
der for the first Tuesday in January next. I will
only state to the House, that the arrangements of
the company would be much governed by the
passage or rejection of that hill. I should be much
gratified if the House would indulge me in making
it a special order for the first Tuesday in Janu-
ary.
Mr. STANLY. What is the regular order of
business ?
, The SPEAKER. The call of States for peti-
tions.
Mr. STANL\ . I ask tor the regular order.
The SPEAKER. The proposition of the gen-
tleman from Virginia [Mr. Meade] is objected to
substantially.
Mr. MEADE. I ask for a suspension of the
rules.
Mr. STANLY. I hope that we shall have no
special orders. They embarrassed us very much
at the last session of Congress.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Meade's
motion, and it was decided in the negative.
So the rules ot the House were not suspended.
THE PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE.
Mr. HOUSTON. If it is in order to do so, 1
will move a suspension of the rules for the purpose
of going into Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, and referring the President's mes-
sage.
Mr. STUART. Before that is done, I wish to
suggest to the House, the passage of a rssolution
closing debate upon the message.
[Cries of" Oh, 110!" " Oh, no ."']
~illinS t0 consult the feelings and wishes
of the House, but I think that we ou<*ht to
nx a time when we should close debate° We
! have a mass of business piled up on the table,
which will never be reached unless we can pro-
ceed according to the regular order of business
each day. It is impossible to dispose of the busi-
ness on the Speaker's table now. I have no dis-
position to consume any time on the President's
message. I wish, in regard to the matter, to con-
sult the wishes and feelings of the House, and I
ask that the time for closing debate may be fixed
now.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I suggest Thurs-
day next, at two o'clock.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. 1 shall entirely de-
fer to the gentleman from Michigan, [Mr. Stuart,]
in this matter, but I think we had better fix ars
early day for the very reasons he has assigned.
Mr. STUART. I have no objections, if the
gentleman will offer a resolution, fixing an earlier
day; it will suit me.
Mr. BAYLY. Then I propose Wednesday
next.
Mr. STUART. I will accept the amendment;
and I ask the previous question upon the adoption
of the resolution.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The question was then taken upon the resolu-
tion ai modified, and it was agreed to.
Mr. STUART moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was passed, and to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table; which latter
motion was agreed to.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Hops-
ton's motion, and it was agreed to.
THE PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE—THE TARIFF.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Stcart in the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN. The subject before the
committee is the annual message of the President
of the United States, and the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Jones] is entitled to the
floor.
Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania, said he was sur-
prised at the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Brooks] offering the amendment, because he was
known as a National Whig, and as such was un-
, derstood to be in favor of protection per se. How
; he could offer a resolution at this particular crisis,
to open the tariff question, was to him a matter
he could not comprehend. Certainly, if the gen-
tleman is an advocate of protection, he must know,
constituted as the House is at this particular time,
that nothing could possibly occur that would not
be injurious to that interest.
The gentleman stated, when he offered his reso-
lution on Tuesday last, that his object was to
1 reduce the revenue. Now, he wished to know
whether the gentleman had looked abroad ? The
gentleman talked about the surplus revenue. Did
he know that in less than one year from this day
we may not only have no surplus revenue, but
may find ourselves with a deficiency ? He hesi-
tated not one moment to say, as his honest con-
viction, that Europe has retrogaded fifty years
within the last six months. Fifty ye^rs ago there
was an empire in Europe. England, "Russia,
Austria, and Prussia were then arrayed against
France. What is now the spectacle ? A new em-
pire has arisen, backed by all the powers of des-
potism. He believed that with the^e the battle of
despotism against liberty is to be fought. There
is now seen in Europe what was never before
seen. There is a Democratic absolutism. The
most despotic power has been created by the free
suffrages of forty millions of people. And created
for what purpose ? Why, for the purpose of meet-
ing an issue which we ourselves have made. Has
not this country planted itself on the doctrine of
Monroe, which is, that this country never can
consent to any foreign Power acquiring a foothold
on this continent? And is not this the doctrine of
the Democratic party? Where is Cuba' Pre-
cisely in this position. We have declared in all
our relations that Spain may hold Cuba; yet no
mortal Power on earth besides shall occupy it ex-
cept ourselves. This is our foreign policy. We
learn by the morning papers that Sonora has been
annexed to the French Empire. Richelieu said
that in State affairs "there are no small steps."
And he [Mr. Jones] repeated that, looking at the
present state of affairs in Europe, in less than
twelve months we will find the French Empire,
