52
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 14.
President of the United States, and had come to I
no resolution thereon.
REPORTERS—CLAIM AGENTS.
Mr STANLY. I wish to offer an amendment
to one of the rules of this House. I send it to the
Clerk's Cable that it may be read.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Reso/rtrf, That the following amendment be'made to the
19th rule of the House of Representative^: " Ami nope^on
shall he admitted, under the rules of this House, as a re-
porter or stenographer, for anv paper or papers, who shall
& emnloved a- an agent to prosecute any claim pending
before Congress; and the Speaker shall give his written
permission with this condition.
[Cries of " Right!" " Right!" " Right!" nil
over the House.]
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I propose an
amendment to that, by adding to the end of it the
•words, " and not more than one reporter or ste-
nographer shall be assigned to the same seat.^
My object is not to exclude any person from this
Hall, or from positions which will enable them
the better to see what the people's representatives
are doing, and to give an account of ilieir doings
to the country; but,'sir, my object is like that of
the gentleman from North Carolina, who offered
the original resolution, to exclude from the Hall
persons who come in under pretext of reporting the
proceedings of the House, but, in fact, without ever
reporting one word or one syllable tor any paper.
They merely act as claim agents and lookers-on,
and frequently are very great annoyances, and
obstructors of thelegitimate business of the House.
I think there are seats sufficient around here,
assigned as reporters' desks, for all who legitimately
seeks these seats for the purpose of communicating
to the various papers of the country, the proceed-
ings of the House of Representatives. I hope
that the amendment which I have offered will be
adopted, and then the resolution proposing an
amendment of the rules will be also adopted.
Mr. FREEMAN. I would inquire of the gen-
tleman how he proposes to ascertain the fact ?
Mr. STANLY. The 19th rule, which I will
read, with the permission of the House, is:
"No person shall be allowed the privilege of the Hall,
under the character of stenographer, without a written per-
mission from the Speaker, speeifung the part of the Hall
assigned to hira; and no reporter or stenographer shall be
admitted under the rules of the House, unless such reporter
or stenographer shall state, in writing, for what paper or
papers be is employed to report."
My object is to prevent the abuses which we
suffered at the close of the last session of Con-
gress. It is a great nuisance, and I want to stop it.
Mr. FREEMAN. The party applying for ad-
mission, then, will simply state in writing that he
is not a claims agent. Will that be a sufficient
guarantee
Mr. STANLY. The Speaker will give him a
desk if he is not. That rule is to be enforced as
all other rules are.
Mr. POLK. Let the original resolution and
amendment be read.
They were accordingly read, as above inserted.
Mr. NABERS. I do not intend to oppose this
amendment—perhaps 1 shall vote for it. I feel it
due to myself, however, to state, that so far as I
am concerned, I deem an amendment that sort
altogether superfluous; and the truth is, it seems
to me to imply a doubt on our part of out ability
to resist temptation.
Mr. STANLY. By no means.
Mr. NABERS. Flesh is weak, and we are
liable to temptation; and perhaps no prayer would
be more appropriate to us, than the one to " Keep
us from temptation."
A Member. "Lead us not into temptation,"
are the exact words. [Laughter.]
Mr. NABERS. Very true, but I wish to say
that if this amendment is adopted, that so far as
I am individually concerned, it is not at all essen-
tial to my protection.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Not at all, nor is
it for any of us.
Mr. NABERS. It occurs to me that it is rather
small business. There are particular seats in the
room already assigned to reporters, and I have
full confidence in the Speaker, that he will dis-
charge his duties in regard to assigning those
seats. But, sir, I will not detain this House with
any discussion of this amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I rise for the
purpose of making an inquiry, and that is, how
many seaf^there are ?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I understand from
the officers of the House, that there are thirty-two
desks for the reporters, including those for the
Union, Republic, and Intelligencer, and excluding
the three in front of the Clerk's desk for the
Globe.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am in favor of the object
of the resolution, but am inclined to think it will
be hard to carry it out. We have already a bill
before us, embodying the principle sought to be
adopted by this resolution.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Illinois. If there are not
enoush of seats, as appears to be the opinion of
jome° it would be hard to exclude any particular
State from a reporting position on this floor. If
the resolution embraces thirty-one seats, and only
thirty-one, the Speaker will be enabled to exercise
the power conferred on him, with justice to all of
the States.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is informed by
the Clerk, [Mr. r>uck,] whose duty it is, in con-
nection with the Chair, to assign seats to the re-
porters, that there are twenty-two seats, exclusive
of those for the city papers.
Mr. JONES. I call for the previous question.
Mr. STANLY. I hope the gentleman will with-
draw the call for the previous question, that I may
say a word or two. I will renew it.
Mr. JONES. I withdraw the call.
Mr. STANLY. I will only say to the gentle-
man from Mississippi it never entered my head
that there was danger of any bribery or any im-
proper influence being exerted on members of
Congress. No such thing prompted me to offer
the amendment. Certain persons come in here
pretending to be reporters for papers, when they
have no connection whatever with any paper, bi't
who constantly annoy us in talking about their
claims. A gentleman from my country connected
with the press comes here and he cannot get a po-
sition on the floor, but a claims agent coming here
to spend the winter, in the transaction of his own
business, says to the Speaker, " I shall write to a
certain paper in our village,"and gets access to the
House at all times to the annoyance of members
on both sides of the House. I never dreamed that
temptation would enter here. I know that my
friend from Mississippi will be one of the last men
to be influenced by any improper considerations.
So far above temptation is ne that he gives us a
version of the Lord's prayer in his own way, not
to be led into temptation. I renew the call for
the previous question, according to my promise.
I Mr. NABERS. I ask the gentleman from
North Carolina to withdraw the call for the pre-
i vious question.
| Mr. STANLY. I will if the gentleman will
renew it.
Mr. NABERS. I will. I have asked the gen-
tleman to withdraw the call for the previous ques-
tion, simply to allow me to disavow any purpose
of casting the most distant insinuation on him for
offering the resolution. The objection that oc-
curred to me was, that the amendment itself im-
plied a possibility that members of Congress might
be influenced by these claims ajents. T take it
that such is impossible. [Laughter.] 1 renew
, the call for the previous question.
i The call for the previous question was seconded,
i and the main question was ordered to be put.
j Mr. Jones's amendment was adopted; and then
the proposition of Mr. Stani.t, as amended, was
agreed to.
| Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I ask the
! House to excuse me from serving on the Commit-
' tee on Commerce, on which committee the Speak-
j er has again put me.
The question was put, and the honorable gen-
i tleman was excused by the House.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Illinois, moved that the
House adjourn;which motion was agreed to.
And the House thereupon adjourned till to-mor-
row at twelve o'clock, m.
Newell, of Logan county, Ohio, praying for the passage of
a law authorizing him to locale a section of laud in the
surve\ed lands of the United States, in lieu of a section
granted to him by treaty in the Indian Territory.
\!so, the petition of Elliott MeC'ollocli, of Logan county,
Ohio, praying the passage of a law authorizing him to locate
a section of land in the surveyed lands ot the United States,
in hen of a section granted to him by treaty in the Indian
Teiritorv.
H.v Mr. JONES, of New York: The memorial of the
American Medical Association, adopted at their meeting in
Richmond, Virginia, May 2, 1^V>, a-king Hie publication of
the vital statistics of the census of 1K30, ill a form convenient
tor distribution.
Also, a like memorial from the Medical Society of the
State of New York,—and another trom the Academy of
Medicine of the city of New York, asking lor the same
thing.
By Mr. SWEETSER : A.joint resolution of the Oenernl
Assembly of the State of Ohio,Requesting Congress to give
the public lands to the actual settler upon the payment of
the cost of survey.
By Mr. BISSELL: The petition of Levi Owen mid
other*, citizens of Randolph county, Illinois, praying for
the removal from the county of free negroes.
By Sir. DAltBY : The petition of Solomon B. Wilson
and f ~ citizens of Jefferson county, Missomi, piaymg for
the establishment of a mail route from Hillsborough to
Morse's Mill nnd (JruhviHe, in said county.
By Mr. MORRISON : The petition of Thomas Walsh,
for increase ot pensions.
Also, the petition of Walter Dewees, for unallowed revo-
lutionary claims.
By Mr. McNAIR: The petition of Bolivar Shields, son
of Captain John Shields, for seven years' half pay.
By Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi: The petition of Isaac
Hairis and others, praying for a post route from Union
Church, in Jefferson county, to Pine Grove, ill Franklin
countv, Mississippi.
By Mr. CHANDLER: The mfmorial of Henrv Ellorv,
of Philadelphia, purser in the Navy of the United State*,
asking to have refunded a certain amount of money paid by
him to officers of courts martial.
Also, the memorial of John F. Dumas, of Philadelphia,
asking for compensation under the treaty of Florida for
losses by the Spanish Government.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. CHANDLER gave notice that he would to morrow,
or on some future day, ask leave to present a hill entitled
An act supplementary l an act entitled ' An act to amend
the several acts respecting copyrights, approved February
3,1831."'
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions, memorials, &c., were presented
under the"rule, and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. STANTON, of Ohio: The petition of Joseph
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, December 14, 1852.
Frayer by the Rev. James Gallaher.
Mr. Norris, of New Hampshire, appeared in
his seat to-day, from which he has been detained
since his arrival in this city by severe indisposi-
tion. Mr. Stockton, of New Jersey, also took
his seat this morning.
Mr. ATCHISON called the Senate to order,
and requested the Secretary to read a note from
the President pro tempore, desiring him to preside
over the Senate to-day.
The note was read, and there being no objec-
tion, Mr. Atchison took the chair.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. SEWARD presented the memorial of Dan-
iel Cain, praying indemnity forproperty destroyed
by the enemy during the last war with Great Brit-
ain; which was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
Mr. SHIELDS presented the memorial of Al-
exander B. Hasson, assistant surgeon in the
Army, praying an increase of the medical corps of
the Army; which was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
Also, a memorial of officers of the Army or-
dered to embark on board the United States store-
ship Fredonia, praying additional allowance of
pay; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I hold in my hand sever-
al petitions, all of the same character and purport.
They complain of the creation and appointment
of chaplains to the Army and Navy, and the em-
ployment of chaplains by Congress. The first I
beg leave to present, is from Warrick county, Indi-
ana, and signed by Garret Warner and one hun-
dred and sixty-eight others. The next, from the
State of Indiana, Putnam county, signed by An-
drew Gordon and ninety-five others. The next,
from fndiana, Wayne county, signed by H. H-
Evans and sixty-three others. The last from Indi-
ana, without stating the county, signed by W illiam
Johnson and fifty-seven others. I suppose, as
there are more chaplains in the Army than in any
other branch of the service, and the petitioners
propose a modification of the laws authorizing
their employment, that these petitions ought prop-
erly to go to the Committee on Military Affairs;
and I therefore move that they be so referred.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. COOPER presented thememorialof Holker
Hughes, legal representative of one of the heirs
j of Samuel Hughes, praying indemnity for prop-
i erty deatroyed by th# enemy during the last war
