54
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Doc. 14,
prominent feature of his character, anil entered
largely into his opinions as a legislator, were laid.
The arguments made at this forum display a
careful research into the history of the formation
of the I'ederal lTmon, and an acute analysis of the
fundamental provisions of the Constitution.
Probably no man has penetrated deeper into the
principles, or taken a more comprehensive and
complete view of the union of the States, than
that irreat man, Chief Justice Marshall, Noques-
Uon was so subtle as to elude his grasp, or so
complex as to defy his penetration. Even the
great and the learned esteemed it no condescension
to listen to the teachings of his voice, and no one
profited more by his wisdom, or more venerated
nis character, than Mr. Webster.
To stand anions; such men with marked distinc-
tion, as did Mr. Webster, is an association which
might satisfy any ambition, whatever might be its
aspirations. But there, among those illustrious
men, who have finished their labors and gone to
their final homes, he made his mark strong and
deep, which will be seen and traced by posterity.
But I need not dwell on that which is familiar to
all readers who feel an interest in such topics; nor
need I notice the details of his private life, since
hundreds of pens have been employed in revealing
all the facts, and in describin?, in the most vivid
minner, all the scenes which have been deemed
attractive. Nor need I reiterate the fervent lan-
guage of eulogy which has been poured out in all
quarters from the press, the pulpit, the bar, legis-
lative bodies, and public assemblies—since his
own productions constitute his best eulogy.
I could not, if I were to attempt it, add any-
thing to the strength or beauty of the manifold
evidences which have been exhibited of the length,
the breadth, and height of his fame; nor is there
any occasion for such proofs in the Senate, the
place where his face was familiar, where many of
his createst efforts were made, and where his in-
intellectual powers were appreciated. Here he
was seen and heard, and nowhere else will his
claim to great distinction be more cheerfully ad-
mitted.
But the places which have known him will know
him no more! His form will never rise here again; 1
his voice wili not be heard nor his expressive coun- !
tenance seen. He is dead. In his last moments ;
he was surrounded by his family and friends at his ;
own home, and while consoled by their presence, ; j
his spirit took its flight to other regions. All that
remained has been committed to its kindred earth.
Divine Providence gives us illustrious men, but
they, like others, when their mission is ended,
yield to the inexorable law of our being. He who
fives also takes away, but never forsakes his
faithful children.
The places of those possessing uncommon gifts
are vacated, the sod rests upon the once manly
form, now as cold and lifeless as itself, and the liv-
ing are filled with gloom and desolation. But the
•world rolls on: nature loses none of its charms;
the sun rises with undiminished splendor; the grass
loses none of its freshness—nor do the flowers
cease to fill the air with fragrance. Nature, un-
touched by human woe, proclaims the immutable
law of Providence, that decay follows growth,and
that He who takes away never fails to give.
Sir, I propose the following resolutions, believ-
ing that they will meet the cordial approbation of
the Senate:
Rwolred. That the Senate ban received with profound
■ensibility the annnnciation from the President of the death
of the late Secretary of State, Daniel Webster, who was
ion? a hizhly distinguished member of thi-< body.
Reiolrc l. That the Senate will manifest its respect for
the memory ot the deceased, and its sympathy with his be-
thirtyday" wearinSthe badge of mourning for
R^olceJ That these proceedings be communicated to
the Hojjsp of Representatives.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. President, this is an oc-
casion full of interesting but melancholy associa-
tions, and one that especially appeals to my feelings
and sense of justice—I might almost say, histori-
cal justice—as a representative of South Carolina.
Who, that were present, can ever forget the moarn-
ful and imposing occasion, when Daniel Webster—
whose eloquence and ability had given distinction
to the greaiest deliberative assembly and the most
august tribunal ofjus'i -e in this great Confederacy; '
and when Henry Clay -a name associated with
all that is daring in action and splendid in elo- i
quence—rose as witnesses before 'the tribunal of 1
history, and gave their testimony as to the char- U
acter and services of their illustrious compeer,
John Caldwell Calhoun ? They embalmed in his-
torical immortality their rival, associate, end com-
rade.
I would that I could borrow from the spirit of
my great countryman something of its justice
and magnanimity, that I might make some re-
quital for the distinguished tributes paid to h's
memory by his illustrious compeers. Such an
occasion as the one I have referred to, is without
parallel in the history of this Senate; and, sir, I
fear that there is no future for such another one.
Calhoun, Clay, and Webster, like Pitt, Fox, and
Buike, have made a picture on our history that
will be looked upon as its culminating splendor.
They were luminaries that, in many points of view,
essentially differed from each other, as one star
ditiereth from another; but they were all st:irs of
the first magnitude. Distance cannot destroy, nor
can time diminish, the simple splendor of their
light for the guidance and instruction of an ad-
miring posterity.
Rivals they were on a great and eventful theater
of political life; but death has given ihem a com-
mon fame. Their contest in life was for the
awards of public opinion, thegreat lever in modern
times by which nations are to be influenced.
" With more than mortal powers endowed,
How high they soared above the crowd !
Theirs was no common party race,
Jo>tlins by dark intrigue tor place :
Like fabled £od«, their mighty war,
Shook Realms and Nation-* in its jar!"
Before I became a member of the Senate, of
which I found Mr. Webster a distinguished orna-
ment, I had formed a very high estimate of his
abilities—and from various sources of high au-
thority. His mint), remarkable for its large capa-
city, was enriched with rare endowments—with
the knowledge of a statesman, the learning of a
jurist, and the attainments of a scholar. In this
Chamber, with unsurpassed ability, Mr. Webster
has discussed the greatest subjects that have or
can influence the destinies of this great Confed-
eracy.
Well may I apply to him the striking remark
which he bestowed on Mr. Calhoun—" We saw
before us a Senator of Rome, when Rome sur- ,
vived." j
I have always regarded Mr. Webster as a no-
ble model of a parliamentary debater. His genial
temper, the courtesy and dignity of his deport-
ment, his profound knowledge of his subject, and ,
his thorough preparation, gave him a great com- j
mand, not only over his immediate audience, but
gave his masterly speeches an impressive influence
over public opinion.
In the Supreme Court, Mr. Webster was en-
gaged in the greatest cases that were ever decided
by that tribunal—and it is not saying too much to
assert that his arguments formed the basis of some
of the ablest judgments of that court. His exu-
berant but rectified imagination, and brilliant liter-
ary attainments, imparted to his eloquence beauty,
simplicity, and majesty, and the finish of taste and i
elaboration. He seemed to prefer the more delib-
erative style of speaking, but when roused and as- !
sailed, he became a formidable adversary in the j
war of debate, dischargiri£ from his full quiver the !
arrows of sarcasm and invective with telling effect. !
Mr. Webster was born in a forest, and in his 1
childhood and youth lived amid the scenes of rural
life; and it was no doubt under their inspiring in-
fluence that he imbibed that love of nature which
has given such a charm and touching pathos to
some of his meditated productions. It always
struck me that he had something of Bums's na-
ture, but controlled by the discipline of a higher
degree of education. Lifted above the ordinary
level of mankind by his genius and various intel-
ligence, Mr. Webster looked upon a more exten-
sive horizon than could be seen by those below
him. He had too much information from his va-
rious intercourse with great men, and his acquaint-
ance with the opinions of all ages through the
medium of books, to allow the spirit of bigotry to
have a place in his mind. 1 have many reasons
to conclude that he was not only tolerant of the
opinions of others, but was even generous in his
judgments towards them. I will conclude by say-
ing that New England especially,and the Confed-
eracy at large, have cause to be proud of the fame
of such a man.
Mr. CASS. Mr. President: How are the
mighty fames! was the pathetic lamentation
when the lenders of Israel « eiestruck down in the
midst of their services and their renown. Well
may we repeat that national wall, liow \re tiik
mighty fai.i.f.m, when the impressive dispensa-
tions of Providence have so recently nirrii d mourn-
ing to the hearts of the American people by sum-
moning from life to death three of their eminent
citizens who, for almost half a century, had taken
part, and prominently too, in all the great ques-
tions, as well of peace as of war, which agitated
and divided their country. Full, indeed, they were
of days and of honors, for
"The hand of ihe reaper
Took the cars iliat were hoary,"
but never brighter in intellect, purer in patriotism,
nor more powerful in influence, than when the
grave closed upon their labors, leaving thtir mem-
ory and their career at once an incentive and an
example for their countrymen in that long course
of trial, but I trust of freedom and prospeiity also,
which is open before us. Often divided m life,
but only by honest convictions of duty, followed
in a spirit of generous emulation, and not of per-
sonal opposition, they are now united in death,
and we may appropriately adopt, upon this striking
occasion, the beautiful language addressed to the
people of England by one of her most gifted sons^
when they were called to mourn, as we are called
now, a bereavement, which spread sorrow,dismay
almost, through the nation, and under circum-
stances of difficulty and of danger far greater than
any we can now reasonably anticipate in the prog-
ress of our history:
" Seek not for those n separate doom,
Whom fate made brother's in the tomb;
Bat search the land of living men :
Where straH we find their like again ? "
And to-day, in the consideration of the message
of the Chief Magistrate, it becomes us to respond
to his annunciation, commending itself, as itaoes,
to the universal stntiment of the country, of the
death of the last of these lamented statesmen, as a
national misfortune. This mark of respect and
regret was due alike to the memory of the dead
and to the feelings of the living. And I have list-
ened with deep emotion to the eloquent testimo-
nials to the mental power and worth and services
of the departed patriot which to day have been
heard in this high place, and will be heard to-mor-
row, and commended too, by the American peo-
ple. The voice of party is hushed in the presence
of such a national calamity, and the grave closes
upon the asperity of political contests when it
closes upon those who have taken part in them.
And well may we, who have so often witnessed
his labors and his triumphs, well may we, here,
upon this theater of his services and his renown,
recalling the efforts of his mighty understanding,
and the admiration which always followed its
exertion—well may we come with our tribute of
acknowledgment to his high and diversified pow-
ers, and to the influence he exercised upon his
auditory, and in fact, upon his country. He was
indeed one of those remarkable men who stand
prominently forward upon the canvas of history,
impressing their characteristics upon the age in
which they live, and almost making it their own
by the force of their genius and the splendor of
their fame. The time which elapsed between the
middle of the eighteenth century and our own day
was prolific of great events and of distinguished
men who guided or were guided by them, far be-
yond any other equal period in the history of
human society. But, in my opinion, even this
favored epoch has produced no man possessing a
more massive and gigantic intellect, or who exhib-
ited more profound powers of investigation in the
great department of political science to which he
devoted himself, in all its various ramifications,
than Daniel Webster.
The structure of his mind seemed peculiarly
adapted to the work he was called upon to do,
and he did it, as no other man of his country, of
his age, indeed, could have done it. And his
name and his fame are indissolubly connected
w tb some of the most difficultand important ques-
tions which our peculiar institutions have called
into discussion. It was my good fortune to hear
him upon one of the most memorable of these
occasions, when, in this very Hall, filled to over-
flowing with an audience whose wra'it attention
indicated his power and their expectations, he en-
tered into an analysis of the Constitution, and of
