1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL* GLOBE.
55
the great principles of our political organisation h
with a vigor of argument, a force of illustration, :|
and a felicity of diction, which have rendered this '
effort of his mind one of the proudest monuments ,
of American genius, and one of the noblest expo- i
sitions which the operations of our Government
have called f -rth. I speak of its general effect,
without concurring in all the views he presented,
though the points "of difference neither impair my
estimate of the speaker, nor of the power he dis-
played in this elaborate debate.
The judgment of his cotemporaries upon the
character of his eloquence will be confirmed by
the future historian. He grasped the questions
involved in the subject before Uim with a rare
union of force and discrimination, and he pre-
sented them in an order of arrangement, marked
at once with great perspicuity and with logical
acutness, so that when ne arrived at his conclu-
sion, he seemed to reach it by a process of estab-
1 shed propositions, interwoven with the hand of
a master, and topics barren of attraction from their
nature, were rendered interesting by illustrations '
and allusions, drawn from a vast store-house of
knowledge, and applied with a chastened taste,
formed vipon the best models of ancient and of
modern learning; and to these eminent qualifica-
tions was added an uninterrupted flow of rich and
often racy old-fashioned English, worthy of the ,
earlier masters of the language, whom he studied i
and admired. As a statesman and politician his
power was felt and acknowledged through the
Republic, and all bore willing testimony to his
enlarged views, and to his ardent patriotism. And
he acquired a European reputation by the State
papers he prepared upon various questions of our
foreign policy-, and one of these, his refutation
and exposure of an absurd and arrogant preten-
sion of Austria, is distinguished by lofty and gen-
erous sentiments, becoming the age in which he
lived, and the great people in whose name he
spoke, and is stamped with a vigor and research
not less honorable in the exhibition than con-
clusive in the application; and it will ever take
rank in the history of diplomatic intercourse
among the richest contributions to the commenta-
ries upon the public law of the world; and in in-
ternal as in external troubles he was true, and
tried, and faithful, and in the latest, may it be
the last, as it was the most perilous, crisis of our
country, rejecting all sectional considerations, and
exposing himself to sectional denunciation, he
stood up boldly, proudly, indeed, and with con-
summate ability, for the constitutional rights of
another portion of the Union, fiercely assailed by
a spirit of aggression as incompatible with our
mutual obligations as with the duration of the
Confederation itself. In that dark and doubtful
hour his voice was heard above the storm, recall-
ing his countrymen to a sense of their dangers and
their duties, and tempering the lessons of reproof
with the experience of age and the dictates of
patriotism.
He who heard this memorable appeal to the
public reason and conscience, made in this crowded
Chamber, with all eyes fixed upon the speaker,
and almost all hearts swayed by his words of
wisdom and power, will sedulously guard its rec-
ollection as one of those precious incidents which,
while they constitute the poetry of history, exert
a permanent and decided influence upon the des-
tiny of nations.
And our deceased colleague added the kindlier
affections of the heart to the lofty endowments of
the mind; and I recall with almost painful sensi-
bility the associations of our boyhood, when we
were school-fellows together, with all the troubles
and the pleasures which belong to that relation of
life, in its narrow world of preparation. He
rendered himself dear by his disposition and de-
portment, and exhibited some of those peculiar
characteristic features which, later in life, made
him the ornament of the social circle; and when
study and knowledge of the world had ripened
his faculties, endowed him with powers of conver-
sation, I have not found surpassed in my inter-
course with society at home or abroad. His con-
duct and bearing at that early period have left an
enduring impression upon my memory of mental
traits which his subsequent course in life devel-
oped and confirmed. And die corrimanding posi-
tion and ascendency of the man were foreshadowed
by the standing and influence of the boy among
the commdes who surrounded him. Fifty-five
years ago we parted, he to prepare for his splendid
career in the good old land of our ancestors, and
I to encounter the rough toils and trials of life
in the great forest of the West. But ere long the
report of his words and his deeds penetrated those
recesses, where human industry was painfully,
but successfully contending with the obstacles of
nature, and I found that my early companion
was assuming a position which confirmed my
previous anticipations, and which could only be
attained by the rare faculties with which he was
gifted. Since then he has gone on irradiating his
path with the splendor of his exertions, till the
whole hemisphere was bright with his glory, and
never brighter thao when he went down in the
West, without a cloud to obscure his luster, calm,
clear, and glorious. Fortunate in life, he was
not less fortunate in death, for he died with his
fame undiminished, his faculties unbroken, and
his usefulness unimpaired; surrounded by weep-
ing friends, and regarded with anxious solicitude
by a grateful country, to whom the messenger ,
that mocks at time and space, told from hour to
hour the progress of his disorder, and the approach
of his fate. And beyond all this, and better than !
all this, he died in the faith of a Christian, humble, j
but hopeful, adding another to the roll of eminent
1 men wnohave searched the Gospel of Jesus and
I found it the word and the will of God, given to '
I direct us while here, and to sustain us in that
| hour of trial when the things of this world are ,
, passing away, and the dark valley of the shadow
I of death is opening before us.
How are the mightt fallen ! we may yet
exclaim, when reft of our greatest and wisest; but
; they fall to rise again from death to life, when such
i quickening faith in the mercy of God and in the
sacrifice of the Redeemer comes to shed upon
them its happy influence on this side of the grave
i and beyond it.
Mr. SEWARD. When, in passing through
:' Savoy, I reached the eminence where the traveler
is promised his first distinct view of Mont Blanc,
I asked, " Where is the mountain ?" " There,"
said the guide, pointing to the rainy sky which
stretched out before me. It is even so, when we
approach and attempt to scan accurately a great
character. Clouds gather upon it, and %eem to
take it up out of our sight.
Daniel Webster was a man of warm and earn-
est affections, in all the domestic and social rela-
tions. - Purely incidental and natural allusions in
his conversations, letters, and speeches, have made
us familiar with the very pathways about his early
mountain home; with his mother, graceful, intel-
lectual, fond, and pious; with his father, assidu-
ous, patriotic, and religious,changing his pursuits,
as duty in revolutionary times commanded, from
; the farm to the camp, and from the camp to the
; Provincial Legislature and the Constituent Assem-
: bly. It seems as if we could reeognize the very
{ form and features of the most constant and gen-
| erous of brothers. Nor are we strangers at Marsh-
J field. We are guests hospitably admitted, and
j then left to wander at our ease under the ever-
| greens on the lawn, over the grassy fields; through
| the dark, native forest, and along the sea-shore.
We know, almost as Veil ^s we know our own,
i the children reared there, and fondly loved, and
therefore, perhaps/tarly lost; the servants bought
j from bondage, and held by the stronger chains of
] gratitude; the careful steward, always active, yet
I never hurried; the reverent neighbor, always wel-
j come, yet never obtrusive; and the ancient fisher-
man, whose little fleet is ever ready for the sports
of the sea; and we meet on every side the watch-
ful and devoted friends whom no frequency of dis-
appointment can discourage, and whom even the
death of their great patron cannot all at once dis-
engage from efforts which know no balancing of
probabilities nor reckoning of cost to secure his
elevation to the first honors of the Republic.
Who, that was even confessedly provincial,
was ever so identified with anything local as
Daniel Webster was with the spindles of Lowell,
and the quarries of Q,uincy; with Faneuil Hall,
Bunker Hill, Forefathers' Day, Plymouth Rock,
and whatever else belonged to Massachusetts?
And yet, who that was most truly national has
ever so sublimely celebrated, or. so touchingly
commended to our reverent affection our broad
and ever-broadening continental home; its endless
rivers, majestic mountains, and capacious lakes;
its inimitable and indescribable Constitution; its
cherished and growing capital; its aptly-conceived
and expressive flag, and its triumphs by land and
sea; and its immortal founders, heroes, and mar-
tyrs ! How manifest it was, too, that, unlike
tnose who are impatient of slow but sure progress,
he loved hia country, not for something greater or
higher that he desired or hoped she might be, but
just for what she was, and as she was already,
regardless of future change.
No, sir; believe me, they err widely who say
that Daniel Webster was cold and passionless.
It is true that he had little enthusiasm; but he was
nevertheless earnest and sincere, as well as calm;
and therefore he was both discriminating and
comprehensive in his affections. We recognize
his likeness in the portrait drawn by a Roman
pencil:
 " Who with nice discernment know*
What to his country and his friends he owes;
How various Nature warms the human breast,
To love the Parent, Brother, Friend, or Guest,
What the great offices of J udges are,
Of Senators, of Generals sent to war."
Daniel Webster was cheerful, and on becoming
occasions joyous, and even mirthful; but he was
habitually engaged in profound studies on great
affairs. He was, moreover, constitutionally fear-
ful of the dangers of popular passion and preju-
dice; and so, in public walk, conversation, and
debate, he was grave and serious, even to solem-
nity; yet he never desponded in the darkest hours
of personal or political trial; and melancholy
never, in health nor even in sickness, spread a pall
over his spirits.
It must have been very early that he acquired
that just estimate of his own powers which was
the basis of a self-relianee which all the world saw
and approved, and which, while it betrayed no
feature of vanity, none but a superficial observer
could have mistaken for pride or arrogance.
Daniel Webster was no sophist. With a talent
for didactic instruction which might have excused
dogmatism, he never lectured on the questions of
morals that are agitated in the schools. But he
seemed, nevertheless, to have acquired a philoso-
phy of his own, and.tto have made it the rule and
guide of his life. That philosophy consisted in
improving his powers and his tastes, so that he
might appreciate whatever wa« good and beautiful
in nature and art, and attain to whatever was ex-
cellent in conduct. He had accurate perceptions
of the qualities and relations of things. He over-
valued nothing that was common, and undervalued
nothing that was useful, or even ornamental. His
lands, his cattle, and equipage, his dwelling,
library, and apparel, his letters, arguments, and
orations—everything that he had, everything that
he made, and everything that he did, was as far
as possible fit, complete, perfect. He thought
decorous forms necessary for preserving whatever
was substantial or valuable in politics and morals,
and even in religion. In his regard, order was
the first law, and peace the chief blessing of earth,
as they are of Heaven. Therefore, while he de-
■ sired justice and loved liberty, he reverenced law
as the first divinity of States and of Society.
Daniel Webster was, indeed, ambitious, but
his ambition was generally subordinate to con-
ventional forms, and always to the Constitution.
He aspired to place and preferment, but not for
the mere exercise of political power, and still less
for pleasurable indulgences;and only for occasions
to save or serve his country, and for the fame
which such noble actions might bring. Who
will censure such ambition? Who_ had greater
genius subjected to severer discipline? lfiThat
other motives than those of ambition could have
brought that genius into activity under that dis-
cipline, and sustained that activity so equally
under ever-changing circumstances so long ? His
ambition never fell off into presumption. He
was, on the contrary, content with performing all
C radical duties, even in common affairs, in the
est possible manner; and he never chafed under
petty restraints from those above, nor malicious
annoyances from those around him. If ever any
man had intellectual superiority which could have
excused a want of deference to human author-
ity, or skepticism concerning that which was
divine, he was such an one. Yet he was, never-
theless, unassuming and courteous, here and else-
where, in the public councils; and there was, I
think, never a ttme.in his life when he was not an
unquestioning believer in that religion which offers
