58
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 15,
pro tan. requesting him to preside over the Senate
to-day. The letter was read, and there beinj; no
objection, Mr Atchison- took the olwir.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDING OFFICER laid before the
Senate a communication from the Secretary of
War, transmitting, ill compliance with a resolu-
tion of the Senate, a report of the number and
c'asses of clerks employed in the various Bureaus
of that Department; which was ordered to he on
the table and be printed.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The bill from the House of Representatives,
"granting to the Sockett's Harbor and Ellisburg
Railroad Company the risjht of way through the
military reservation at Sackett's Harbor, New
York," was read a fiist and second time by its
title, and referred, on motion of Mr. Felch, to
the Committee on Public Lands.
i ETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. BRODHEAD presented the petition of
John F. Dumas, praying indemnity for the cap-
ture and detention of the brig Molly by a Spanish
privateer, in the year 1810; which was referred to
the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. FELCH presented the petition of the ad-
ministrators of Henry Conner, alias " Wabish-
kin dtb," deceased, asking that they may be paid
an amount of money reserved to him in a treaty
made with the Saginaw bind of Chippewa Indians
on the 4th of January, 1837; which was referred
to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. HAMLIN presented a petition of the
Mayor and citizens of Portland, Maine, praying
a donation of land to aid in the construction of
the European and North American Railway; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
Also, a petition of citizens of Portland, Maine,
praying the establishment of a collection district
at Island Pond Junction, in Vermont; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Also, the memorial of Mary Carlton, widow of
Moses Carlton, a soldier in the war of the Revo- ,
lution, praying a pension; which was referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. BRODHEAD, agreeably to previous no-
tice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill
supplementary to an act entitled "An act granting
bounty lands to certain officers and soldiers who
have been engaged in the military service of the
United States," approved September 28, 1850; '
■which was read a first and second time by its title, 1
and referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
CLERK TO COMMITTEE.
Mr. BADGER submitted the following resolu-
tion; which lies over one day under the rule:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be au-
thorized to employ a clerk.
MEXICAN BOUNDARY. j
Mr. MASON. The Committee on Foreign Re-
lations, to which was referred the bill to "amend
the act approved 31st August, 1852, in reference |
to the appropriation for continuing the survey of
the Mexican boundary," have instructed me to
report it to the Senate without amendment.
Mr. President, at the last session there was a I
proviso annexed to the appropriation for continu-
ing the survey of the Mexican boundary, the in-
tention of which—certainly the intention of the
mover—was to arrest that survey where it then
stood, the object being to protect the interests of
the U nited States against what was believed to be
a misconstruction of the treaty line by the Bound-
ary Commissioner, Mr. Bartlett. That proviso
had its effect; for we are informed, in the reoort ,
of the Secretary of the Interior, made at the p'res- j
ent session of Congress, that in consequence of it '
he had instructed the Commissioner to discontinue |
all further field operations upon the southern and
western line of New Mexico. But he stated in 1
that report, that the survey of the Gila had been
completed, and thesurvey of the Rio Grande nearly
completed, and he submitted to Congress, wisely,
as I think, the propriety of allowing the survey of
the Rio Grande to be finished. The object of this
bill is to authorize the expenditure of so much of
the appropriation as will be required to complete
the survey of the Rio Grande, which is now, as I
am informed, in the very competent charge of
Major Emory, of the Army, and to defray any ex-
penses which may have been incurred prior to the
act of the last session. As it is my object to have
the bill passed at an early day, I ask that it may
be now put upon its passage, and sent to the House
of Representatives
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded
to consider the bill as in Committee of the Whole.
It provides that, for the purpose of continuing the
survey of the Mexican boundary, it shall be law-
ful to use so much of the appropriation provided
by the act approved August 31st, 1852, " making
appropriations for the civil and diplomatic ex-
penses of Government for the year ending 30th of
June, 1853, and for other purposes," as may be
required in running: and marking the boundary,
under the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo, on the Rio
Grande, below the town called Paso, and in de-
fraying any necessary expenses heretofore incurred
or that may be hereafter incurred, connected with
the survey.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time and passed.
REPORT ON INDIAN AFFAIRS.
Mr. RUSK. I desire to offer the following res-
olution:
Resoloeil, Tlmt one thousand copies of the last annual
report of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, with the
accompanying documents, be printed in pamphlet form for
the use of the Indian Department.
I hope the Senate will indulge me by consider-
ing it at this time. Heretofore, by law, the In-
dian Department has been authorized to print one
thousand copies of the report. It is necessary for
the purpose of supplying their agents and sub-
agents. By a law of last Congress that provision
was repealed. The report has already been printed
with the other executive documents. It is neces- ,
sary that there should be a thousand copies of it i
printed for the Department. The expense of |
printing that number, with the accompanying doc- l
uments, will be much more than to print it sepa-
rately, which will not, I understand, exceed one
hundred and fifty dollars. It is now in type. I
hope the resolution will be considered at this time.
No objection was made, and the resolution was
adopted. 1
SUCCESSOR TO MR. CLAY. '
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
resolution which was submitted by Mr. Gwin on
Monday, the 6th instant, which has been modified
to read as follows:
" Resolved, That the credentials of Archibald Dixon,
Esq., be referred to the Committee on the Judiciary, who
shall consider and report thereon."
The pending question being on the amendment
offered by Mr. Jones, of Tennessee, to strike out ;
all after the word " Resolved," and insert—
"That the Hon. Archibald Dixon was dulv elected by the
Legislature of the State of Kentucky, to fill the vacancy j
In the Senate occasioned by the resignation of the Hon.
Henry Clay, and is entitled to a seat therein."
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Mr. President, when I j
gave way on Monday for the purpose of adjourn- j
ins, I had called the attention of the Senate to the !
different modes and frequency with which vacan- i
cies might take place in this body. I wish now !
to show the peculiarities of this particular case,
and in a few words to show that the facts are some-
what novel, but that the principles which apply
to the facts are precisely the same as those which j
apply to ordinary vacancies.
The novelty consists in this, that Mr. Clay by l
a resignation in December created a vacancy from ,
and after the first Monday in September following,
and then died before the time reserved to himself
had expired. In that way he created a vacancy j
by his resignation to take'effect at a future day;
and then, by his des'.h, before the arrival of that 1
time, created a vacancy in the reserved time. The
only novelty results from the fact that no case of
that kind had previously occurred in the history !'
I of the Senate. But how does the novelty of the
fact, in creating first a vacancy by resignation and
then a second vacancy by death, alter the princi-
ples of the Constitution? Let gentlemen who ji
may respond to me, turn their attention if they
please to that particular point, and show if they i
can, how the principle applicable to the case of;
vacancies in general is changed—how the Consti- !j
tution can be changed—by the novelty of the fact I
whereby a^flrst vacancy was created by resigna-
tion, and a second by death, for the reserved por-
tion of the time. Sir, it cannot be done.
It seems to me that those who oppose the view
which I am taking of this subject, regard a seat in
the Senate of the United States as an indivisible
umt—a link that cannot be cut up into parts; or to
present what I apprehend to be their view, they
regard it as a single tenement, which, when leased,
and a tenant put in possession, cannot be broken
into fractions or divisions for the time for which
the lease is made; and then they say that the tenant
being in possession of the house, it is altogether
ridiculous to put another tenant in while he is
there—there can be no vacancy in that house while
there is an actual tenant possessing it. In this
way, according to the arguments which I have
read, Mr. Clay being in the house—to carry on
the illustration—at the time the Legislature elected
Mr. Dixon last December, that election was null
and void, because there can be no such thing as
putting two persons in the same tenement. The
error of that argument—the error of such an illus-
tration as that, consists in this: Those who rely
on such a physical illustration, seem to suppose
there can be no division of a senatorial term; they
suppose that there is but one room in this tene-
ment, whereas—to illustrate further by the same
figure—there are six apartments in the tenement 
at least there are six sessions of Congress, accord-
ing to the Constitution, embraced by one sena-
torial term, each session commencing on the first
Monday in December. In this point'of view, like
the six tenements in the house, it is perfectly com-
petent for a tenant to say to the landlord, " I give
up five apartments, or three, or one, and I will
only occupy the residue;" and if he does that, well
may the landlord fill the apartments thus surren-
dered and made vacant by the surrender. So it is
precisely in reference to the senatorial term of six
years. A Senator may say " I will resign one,
two, three, four, or five sessions." When~he does
that, the constitutional sessions which he gives up,
become vacant, and the constituted authorities may
fill them. But the reason of the case, and the pre-
cedents go further than that. The precedents go
so far as to say that he may surrender a part of
one session. He may surrender any part of the
whole term, and then there arises a vacancy which
may be filled.
Sir, these illustrations, growing out of a refer-
ence to physical facts, although good, are not
conclusive in an argument of this sort, because an
office is not a thing which you can test by the
senses. You cannot see it, or feel it, or hear it,
or apply any of the senses to it. It is an abstract
idea. It exists in the mind. It is a creation of
law. It as clearly exists in the abstract view in
which I am contemplating it, as if it were a phys-
, ical existence that you could see and feel; and,
viewing it abstractly, you can see as cle.irly that
it is divisible, as you can see that a house is divis-
j ible into apartments, and that you can render a
j part of the time vacant, by such divisibility as
J that you can render a portion of the house vacajvt
by surrendering some of the apartments, and re-
taining one or more.
I will now call the attention of the Senate to two
more cases, which seem to me to place this matter
beyond the possibility of a doubt. One of them
is* a Kentucky case—the case of Mr. Clay and
Mr. Crittenden—and being a Kentucky case, and
having been sanctioned by the Senate, well may
the Legislature of Kentucky say, In the election
of Mr. Dixon, we have precedent to justify our
action. And,.sir, if you reject Mr. Dixon, and
exclude him from his seat, what will the Legisla-
ture and people of Kentucky say, when they con-
trast your present conduct with the past decision
of the Senate, which admitted Mr. Crittenden
under precisely the same circumstances as those
which exist in behalf of Mr. Dixon? They will
say that the Senate of the United States have tol-
erated things precisely analogous to those which
exist in Mr. Dixon's case, and without raising one
word of objection, set a precedent for his election;
that when the Legislature of Kentucky acted in
conformity to that precedent, and elected Mr.
Dixon, on the presentation of his credentials, a
question was raised in the Senate contesting his
right to a seat, and he was rejected, and that such
exclusion of their Senator violated the established
l^ofthjs body, and deprived one of the States
of the Union of half her representation in the SeW-
ate. Sir, people may begin to inquire whether
laws are binding without full representation. My
constituents will never submit to a deprivation of
