1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
59
their consti utional rights; and one of the dearest
of those rights, to a free people, is to choose for
themselves their own law-makers.
Here are the facts, precisely analogous in the
case of Messrs. Clay and Crittenden. I have
taken them from the records of the Senate. Mr.
Clay's full term commenced on the 4th of March,
1S37, and consequently continued until the 3d of
March, 1843—six years. He resigned and retired
from office, his resignation to take effect on the 1st
day of April, 1842. After that resignation—to
wit, on the 25th of February, 1842—more than a
month preceding the time fixed by him for his
resignation to take effect, the Legislature elected
Mr. Crittenden to fill the vacancy. Mr. Clay, on
the 31st of March, the day before the resignation
was to take effect, presented the credentials of his
successor to fill his own vacancy; and on the 1st
of April Mr. Crittenden stepped into the seat.
There are the facts. There wis a prospective res-
ignation by Mr. Clay. There was an election by
the Legislature of Kentucky of Mr. Crittenden
more than a month before the time arrived when
Mr. Clay was to go out of office. There was the
appearance of Mr. Crittenden in the Senate on the
day on which the resignation was to take effect,
and the presentation of his credentials; the taking
of the outh of office, and his taking the seat. The
case runs "all fours" precisely with the case of
Mr. Dixon. Who can discriminate? I heaid it
said the other day, that the reason why that was
law and this is not law, is, that Mr. Clay sanc-
tioned his own resignation by presenting the cre-
dentials of Mr. Crittenden, and therefore confirmed
the resignation, which otherwise would have been
ineffectual. Unless it is good for some reason of
that sort, and bad without it, it is a case precisely
parallel in every particular with the present case.
Both are precisely alike in respect to a resignation
to take effect at a future day, in respect to an elec-
tion by the Legislature before that day arrived,
and the presentation of the person elected, with
his credentials in conformity to his election, after
the prospective resignation, or rather present res-
ignation, to be complete at a future day, had fully
taken effect.
The oath of office was administered to Mr. Crit-
tenden, and he allowed to take his seat without a
word of objection. In that particular I already
see the analogy has failed. Objection is made. It
yet remains for us to see whether the objection will
prevail. Sir, what a spectacle shall we set to the
State of Kentucky, if it should prevail? Ten or
fifteen years ago, Mr. Clay resigned exactly in the
manner he lately resigned. Mr. Crittenden was
elected to fill his place. Mr. Crittenden took his
seat without any objection. Mr. Dixon comes
under the same circumstances, and the Senate re-
jects him. In the case of Mr. Crittenden, the res-
ignation of Mr. Clay was made while the Legis-
lature was in session, to take effect at a day more
distant than the end of the session of the Legisla-
ture. The Legislature adjourned before the 1st of
April arrived, just as the Legislature adjourned
before the time arrived from which the laie resig-
nation of Mr. Clay was to take effect. Mr. Clay's
letters of resignation were addressed to, and deliv-
ered during the sessions of the Legislature. Hence
there is an utter impossibility of discriminating in
principle between the two cases; and you must
make new rules, new laws, to govern the Senate,
or you must admit Mr. Dixon, to preserve your
consistency. |
An excellent suggestion has been made to me. !
If it be attempted to discriminate between the
cases, and say Mr. Clay confirmed his resigna-
tion by presenting the credentials of Mr. Critten-
den, it does not alter the case, because it still leaves ,
the legislative election to have taken place before
there was a vacancy. Mr. Clay confirming his
resignation on the 31st of March, when he pre- t
sented the credentials of his successor, could not
retroact in such a way as to give power to the
Legislature two months before that time, when
they had no power, according to the argument
whicH is made use of here, to make the election.
So that you perceive there is an utter impossibil-
ity, as I have stated,of getting clear of the author-
ity, unless you intend to make entirely new rules;
and then the hardship of it is, that you are to make
a new rule that is to operate on the very State
in whose case you have settled the law rightly; 1
and all We ask now is, that you shall adhere to it |
and enforce it. The State has acted according I
to the rule which you have heretofore set it in
every particular; and having acted according to
thai rule, it has a right to say that you should
abide by it—that you should administer to it the
same law as heretofore, and not bring up a new
law, and give it an ex post facto operation for the
purpose of excluding one of its Senators. •
Sir, I show you by numerous cqpes, to which
I have already called your attention, that it is not
a new thing for members of the Senate to send
their resignation to the Legislature of their State
whilst in session, and fix prospectively a day
when they will retire from office, so as to enable
the Legislature to elect under such a resignation,
and to till the vacancy thus made. It is nothing
new.
Now, if it is well settled that this is all right,
constitutional, and proper, how can Mr. Clay's
subsequent death, before the time which he re-
served to himself expired, alter or divest the right
of the Legislature to elect a successor, which
right the Legislature derived from his letter of
resignation, delivered to them the December be-
fore he died? That the Legislature had the right
to elect, founded on Mr. Clay's letter of resigna-
tion, is settled by precedent after precedent, sanc-
tioned time and again by the Senate. This right
of the Legislature to elect equally rpeults from the
Constitution when connected with the letter of
resignation, because by the Constitution, as I
showed the other day, no difference is made be-
tween a prospective resignation and an actual res-
ignation in presenti. Let gentlemen if they can,
if they are disposed to answer this argument, let
them get up and show, if Mr Dixon's election
and the proceedings of the Legislature were legal
in December, how they become illegal and void
because Mr. Clay died in June following? ^Does
a constitutional principle depend upon the death
! or the life of a man ? Who ever heard of a posi-
tion of that sort, that a thing is constitutional if a
man happens to live, and very unconstitutional if
he happens to die? It is preposterous, and the
! mere statement is enough to show it.
i But I desire to give another case. I refer to the
I case of the Senator from Georgia, [Mr. Charl-
ton.] Here are the facts which 1 have taken from
the record. Mr. Berrien's full term coftimenced
on the 4th of March, 1847. He resigned, and
retired from the Senate on the 28th of May, 1852,
some two or three days before the time fixed for
his resignation to take effect. After his resigna-
tion, and before he retired from the Senate, to wit:
on the 18th of May, 1852—your records show that
he actually remained up to the 28th—ten days
before the day he retired, and some thirteen or
i fourteen days before his resignation took effect, the
Governor of Georgia commissioned Mr. Charl-
ton to supply the vacancy. Mr. Charlton ap-
peared on the 11th of June, 1852, and was quali-
fied without any sort of objection; and, what makes
the case still more in point, Mr. Charlton's com-
mission actually limits the time, as in the case of
the commission of Mr. Meriwether, up to which
he is to serve. So that it is a case precisely in
point; and if it was altogether illegal for the Gov-
ernor of Kentucky to limit the time that Mr. Meri-
! wether was to continue in office, the Governor of
Georgia was equally guilty of a blunder by in-
serting in Mr. Charlton's commission the time
for which he was to serve.
Mr. CHARLTON. Will my friend from
Kentucky yield me the floor?
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Certainly.
Mr. CHARLTON. I have sat still and list-
ened to the various annotations which have been
madeupon my case without replying; but it seems
to me that it is time for me to say a little on the
j subject myself. The various opponents in this
1 case are so well matched, that they dislike to
come very near to each other's weapons, and
they are fleshing them in my body, which is in-
terposed between them; and although that may be
sport to them, it is death to me.
Now, Mr. President, I recollect reading of an
, instance when the celebrated Baron Cuvier went
into a hall of philosophers in France. There
were forty of them, and they told him that they
had been passing the morning in- digesting and
making a perfect description of an animal which
"is called the crab. They to.d him they would
like him to look at it, but they thought the anal-
! ogies were all perfect, and that it pould not beim-
j proved. They handed to him the description in
these words: " Crab: A red fish, that walks back-
wards." He said: "Gentlemen, the analogies
are all very fine, indeed;" (he wns a very polite
man;) "but I could make a few trifling suirges-
• tipns to you, which probably would add a little to
' the force of this bijou of a descriplion; and these
' are, first, the crab is not red; second, that the
' crab is not a fish; and third, the crab does not
' walk backwards." That is precisely the condi-
tion of the analogy between the Georgia and the
Kentucky case. They do not begin the same;
because, in one case, there is an alleged usurpa-
tion of the Executive prerogative, which does not
exist in the other; they do not progress the same,
because the Kentucky case has not been con-
firmed, as my appointment has been, since the
vacancy; and lastly, I do not think that they will,
in all probability, end the same.
Mr. President, it is not pleasant for any man,
however distinguished the office may be to have
a seat on this floot\ to hold it by sufferance;
therefore it is that I interfere in this stage of the
debate. I suppose that my friend from Kentucky,
and the other honorable Senators who have argued
this case, on his side of the question, will readily
concede that he who can make the appointment
can also confirm it, and that though it may be true
that though at the time of the appointment he
had not the right to make it, inasmuch as the time
was in futuro, yet, after the period has arrived
when the resignation was to take full effect, he can
confirm it, and his confirmation will be good from
that time. Take the instance of an infant. He
can make no negotiable note that will bind him;
but after he comes of age, if he confirm it, it be-
comes his note from that time, without reference
to the date of the instrument. And so it is with
this confirmation.
Though it may be true that the appointment was
void at the time, (upon which subject T pass no
opinion, for I do not intend to vote; I will not sub-
ject myself to the imputation of either being incon-
sistent or indelicate,) yet after the 1st of June
had arrived, there can be no doubt that the Gov-
ernor of Georgia had a right to appoint to fill the
vacancy. I did not present myself here, as the
Senator from Kentucky has said, until the 11th of
June, and during that interval, not only was the
commission negatively confirmed by no subse-
quent one having been made, and since, by my
taking my seat without the Governor interfering,
but it has also, in various ways, been incidentally
affirmatively confirmed; and if it be necessary for
me to take that position, I can claim simply from
the confirmation made to that appointment since
the 1st of June. Can anybody doubt that the
Governor of Georgia had the right, after the 1st of
June, to confirm that appointment, though it be
dated on the 17th of May? Can the date of the
deed alter its tenor at all ? Is it not the delivery of
the instrument, and not the date of it, to which we
are to look? I beg the Senator's pardon for inter-
rupting him at this stage of the debate, but I trust
that he will see that there is a manifest difference
between the two cases; and I am prepared to show
that, if he will have the kindness to insert a refer-
ence in that resolution, of my case, that I am de
jure et de facto the Senator from Georgia, holding
my appointment by authority, (if he will have it
so,) subsequently to the first day of June.
I thank the Senator from Kentucky for having
permitted me to interrupt him, which I would not
have done had I not felt it to be my duty to show,
thatapart from any question involved in this case,
my right to a seat here ought to be undoubted.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Instead of intending to
inflict any wound upon my friend from Georgia,
it was my intention to sustain his right and title to
his seat on every principle of constitutional law.
I intended to show that the Governor of Georgia
was right, as I intend also to show that the Gov-
ernor of Kentucky was right. But, sir, with re-
gard to the analogy, our faculties of comparison
sometimes do not exactly agree. I think there is
a perfect likeness between the cases of Mr. Meri-
wether and of my friend from Georgia. That I
intend to show. That his case and Mr. Dixon"
may terminate differently is what I fear. I hope
they will not. But if they do terminate differently,
the country perhaps may trace the event to causes
and reasons which I shall not assign for that dif-
ference. I may not do it without transcending
perhaps the proprieties of my station. I would
inform my friend from Georgia that we have to
