62
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 15,
No such question lias ever been presented. The j
c ise ot Mr. Bit ii«oe, nfKentucky, lias been refei red
to. as concluding tli. t point; hut «lint was tli.it
c.ise ; It was simply this: Mr. liledsoe, prior to
the 24 h of December, 1S14—probably a short
time preceding that day—had transmitted to the
proper authority a resignation, to take effect on
the'.M'li of December. After thnt day had passed,
and ai.er public and private information had com-
nui"icateu the fact thnt the Legislature, which was
in session, had filled the vacancy, Mr. Bledsoe, in
the month of January, by a written communica-
tion, presented the subject to the Senate, to decide
whether he was still 111 office The Senate decided
th.it he was not in office, and it is very difficult to
see how they could ha\e arrived at any other con-
clusion. The time when the resignation was to
take effect, had passed; the party had not attempted
to recall it; the Legislature had acted by filling
the vacancy; and the only question, as far as I can
discover, was whether the seat was to be vacated
by him before lie had official notice that his resig-
nation had been accepted, or the vacancy had been
filled. On that point I am not able to see how
there can be any diversity of opinion; and that
case is analogous to many other cases which have
been cited.
Again, sir, can an incumbent, if he does not re-
sign and vacate his seat, change the tribunal by
winch the appointment is to be made: Suppose
Mr. Clay had lived to the first Monday of Sep-
tember; if there had been no previous notice given,
the Governor must have filled that vacancy. Now,
can an incumbent, by electing to give notice to
the Legislature at its previous session, change
the appointing power, and take away from the
Governor the power conferred upon him by the
Constitution? The clause in the Constitution is,
" If vacancies happen by resignation or otherwise,
' uuring the recess of the Legislature of any State,
' the Executive thereof may make temporary ap-
' pointments until the next meeting of the L^gisla-
' ture." It is very obvious that if this resignation
•was to take effect on the first Monday of Septem-
ber, if the office was then to be vacated, it would
at that time be filled by the Executive of the State,
unless the incumbent by giving previous notice
could change the appointing power. He was not j
bound to give any such notice. He could hav j:
resigned during the recess of-the Legislature. He i
was not willing to resign the office until the first |!
Monday in September, and at that time, upon re- | j
signing the office, the vacancy arose.
Could he change the appointing power? The
Constitution says that when a vacancy happens
during the recess of the Legislature, the Governor
may appoint " until the next meeting of the Legis-
lature." Can that constitutional provision be
altered, changed, or modified by the incumbent,
by his giving previous notice that he resigns to
take effect at a particular day in futuro ? Can the
Legislature of the Slate, by any law, take that
power from the Governor? Can Congress, by
any law, modify or change that constitutional
power of the Executive of the State, provided the
vacancy happens (luring the recess of the Legis-
lature? Sir, there is no power in this country
short of an amendment of the Constitution, that
can take away from the Executive that constitu-
tional power. iS'o notice by (he incumbent—no ac-
tion by the State, unless by the assembling of the
Legislature—no action of this Government can take
away that constitutional power from the State
Executive. He " may" exercise the power; that
is, its exercise is discretionary with him. There
may be reasons of State why he should not ex-
ercise it; and if he do not exercise it, he is acting
within the discretion which the Constitution has
conferred upon him; but if he does exercise that
power, provided the vacancy then occurs, the
appointment is a constitutional appointment, and
one which must be governed by the Constitution.
The honorable Senator from Kentucky asks,
with an air of triumph, "What is a vacancy?'*'
A vacancy is a cessation of incumbency. The
officer is out of office when the office is vacant.
He ceases to be in office when it is vacant. Can
an officer be partly in office and partly out of of-
fice? Can a Senator who is in office as a Senator
of the United States be in office for certain pur-
poses and not for all? Has he not all the rights
and privileges of a Senator under the Constitution,
arid can any one of these rights or privileges be
taken away, so that they may not be exercised by [t
him down to the moment when lie resigns the sta-
i ti in and goes out of it, and an actual vacancy
takes place? I apprehend there can be no question
wnli lestard to that.
f think, then, Mr. President, that when the Le-
" gislature of Kentucky made the appointment of
Mr. Dixon they had no power to make it, because
theie was not only no constitutional vacancy, but
the contemplated vacancy never arose. On the
contrary, the death of Mr. Clay before the time
contemplated for the expiration of his service,
vacated the office from the moment of lus death to
the end of his term. The language of the Consti-
tution itself implies that. The clause which has
been refened to implies it, and recognizes the va-
cancy produced by death as a vacancy extending
through the whole term from the moment of death,
because it proceeds to provide that it may be filled
by the Executive of the State until the next meet-
ing of the Legislature, and after that by the Legis-
lature .itself.
But, sir, the question in this case stands upon a
somewhat different ground from that. It is ad-
mitted on all sides that there was a vacancy here
occasioned by thedeath of Mr. Clay; that he died
in office; and that he was a Senator from Ken-
tucky up to the period of his death. When he
died, a vacancy arose by his death,and Mr. Mer-
iwether was appointed by the Governor under
this clause of the Constitution. The act making
the appointment was under the Constitution, in
the exercise of the constitutional power conferred
upon the Executive. Mr. Meriwether presented
his credentials, took his seat, and filled that seat to
the end of the last session of Congress. The
question, then, is, whether that appointment of
Mr. Meriwether continues to the next session of
the Legislature, provided that session is during
the term ? The Constitution on that point is clear
and explicit: the appointment shall be made
"until the next meeting of the Legislature."
Can the Governor of Kentucky, by inserting in
that appointment a restriction or limitation, change
the period that is prescribed by the Constitution ?
Can he shorten the period ?
Sir, I apprehend that the credentials of Mr.
Meriwether, when they were presented to this
body, showed an appointment to the end of the
term, unless there intervened a session of the
Legislature before its expiration. The clause that j
is therein inserted, "until the first Monday in
September," was without constitutional authority, !
and therefore a nullity. The act of appointment
conferred an office,and itmustcontinuefor thettme
prescribed by the Constitution. The honorable
Senator from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones,] who ad-
dressed the Senate the other day, in alluding to a
Senator by Executive appointment, said that he
did not hold until the next session of the Legisla-
ture, because a Senator had been elected for the
term commencing on the 4th of March next. But
that election could make no difference. The same
result would follow if there had been no such i
election. The temporary appointee holds until
the next session of the Legislature within the
term in which existed the vacancy that he fills. It j
is necessarily understood that it is during the coo- !
tinuance of the official term.
Now, sir, it seems to me, when the credentials !
of Mr. Meriwether are presented to this body,
that every Senator in looking at them, under the i
light of the Constitution, sees that they constitute
an appointment until the next session of the Legis-
lature, if there be such a session during the term, ;
a vacancy in which he was appointed to fill. That
is the langur.ge of the Constitution, and that lan-
guage cannot be altered either by the Governor or !
by th« Legislature. The act of the Governor of
Kentucky was an act in the performance of his
official duty, arid the insertion of any restriction
or modification of the official term would be as
nugatory as if the President of the United States,
in nominating a Judge of the Supreme Court,
should introduce into it a restriction; the restric-
tion would be void, and the appointment being
confirmed by the Senate, the Judge thus appointed
would hold the office according to the Constitution 1
of the United Slates. So it is, in my judgment,
in this case of the appointment of Mr. Meriweth-
er, and the credentials show it. The vacancy by
death having occurred during the recess of the j
Legislature was filled by the Governor of Ken- '
tucky, and being filled, he has no power to qualify j
it. He has no power except to make the appoint- I
ment; and when he makes it it extends to the end
j of the term or to the next session of the Legisla-
| ture during the term.
1 apprehend, therefore, that Mr. Meriwether is
entitled prima facie to the seat. The credentials
of Mr. Dixon, which are presented, are not prima
facie credentials enlitling him to the sent, because
( there are prior credentials, which show, in the
view I have taken, that the office is filled.
These are the views at which I have arrived,
after the consideration which 1 have been able to
give to the subject on the questions arising out of
it. My opinion has been formed deliberately,and
I have therefore undertaken deliberately to express
it, as the subject has been gone into at some length
by various Senators. Certainly there can be no
disposition in the Senate to deprive either incum-
bent, on the one side or the other, of the seat that
he is entitled to. Whatever may be the wishes
of either party, or whatever may be the feelings
of the Legislature or of the people of Kentucky,
we, sitting here as Senators of the United States,
must be guided by the Constitution; and the Con-
stitution, according to the view I have taken of it,
does not entitle Mr. Dixon to occupy a seat in
this body.
Mr. HALE next obtained the floor.
Mr. HUNTER. I would ask the Senator from
New Hampshire whether it would not do as well
for him to go on to-morrow as to-day? I am
anxious to have an Executive session; and I
therefore propose to him to move to postpone the
further consideration of the subject until to-mor-
row.
Mr. HALE. I make that motion.
The motion was agreed to.
EXECUIIVE SESSION.
On motion by Mr. HUNTER, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of Executive business,
and after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened,and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
. Wednesday, December 15, 1852.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer by
the Rev. James Gallaher.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. STUART. It will be recollected, Mr.
Speaker, that the time fixed for closing debate upon
the President's message expires to-day, at two
o'clock. It is understood generally, I believe, that
we are to have some obituary proceedings to-day.
I therefore ask the unanimous consent of the House
to extend that order until to-morrow at three
o'clock, for the purpose of accommodating gentle-
men who already have the floor upon that ques-
tion.
Mr. SKELTON. I object.
Mr. STUART. I hope the gentleman will not
object.
Mr. SKELTON. I object, because the time of
the session has thus far been wasted in discussion
upon that subject.
Mr. STUART. The gentleman from Alabama
[Mr. Houston] has the floor, and he wilMbe cut
off, if the time is not extended.
Mr. HOUSTOX. I should very much like to
occupy some half hour upon the proposition of the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Brooks.] If
obituary proceedings are to take place to-day, it
will deprive me of that opportunity, unless the
time is extended.
Mr. STUART. I appeal to the gentleman from
New Jersey to withdraw his objection. To ex-
tend the time, would be nothing more than granting
the ordinary courtesy of the House to the gentle-
man from Alabama.
OBITUARY.
A message was here received from the Senate
by the hands of Asburt Dickins, Esq., its Secre-
tary, which, upon request of Mr. Davis, of Mas-
sachusetts, was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the Senate has received with profound
sensibility the annunciation from the President of the death
of the late Secretary of State, Daniel Webster, who waa
long a highly riistmguiHiied member of this body.
Resolved, That the Senate will inamfWt its respcct for
the memory of the deceased, and it< sympathy with hi* be-
reaved family, by wearing the u^ual badge ot mourning for
thirty days.
Re*olvedf That these proceedings be communicated to
tbe House of Representatives.
