66
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 15,
friend of mine. This circumstance first brought
me into intercourse with Mr. Webster. Subse-
quently I transacted a good deal of official busi-
ness with him, some of it also of a delicate char-
acter. I thus had unusual opportunities of forming
an opinion of the man. The acquaintance 1 made
with him, under the circumstances to which I have
referred, lipened into friendship. It is to these
circumstances that I, a political opponent, am
indebted for the honor, as I esteem it, of having
been requested to say something on this occasion.
From my early manhood, of course, sir, I have
been well acquainted with Mr. Webster's public
character, and I had formed my ideal of him as a
m.ui—and what a misconception of it, was that
ideal! Rarely seeing him in publicplaces, in famil-
iar intercourse with his friends, contemplating his
grave statue-like appearance in the Senate and the
Forum, I had formed the conception that he was a
frigid iron-bound man, whom few could approach
without constraint; and I undertake to say, that
unul of late years, in which through personal
sketches of him by his friends, the public has
become acquainted with his private character, that
such was the idea most persons, who knew him
only as I did, formed of him. Yet, sir, what a
misconception! No man could appreciate Mr.
Webster who did not know him privately. No
man could appreciate him who did not see him
in familiar intercourse with his friends, and espe-
cially around his own fireside and table. There,
sir, he was confiding, gay, and sometimes down-
right boyish. Full of racy anecdote, he told them
in the most captivating manner.
Who that ever heard Mr. Webster's description
of men and things, can ever forget them ? He, sir,
attached a peculiar meaning to the word talk, and
in his sense of the term, he liked to talk; and who
that ever heard him talk, can ever forget that talk ?
Sometimes it was the most playful wit, then the
most pleasing philosophy.
Mr. Webster, sir, owed his greatness to a large
extent to his native gifts. Among his contempo-
raries there were lawyers more learned, yet lie
was, by common consent, assigned the first place
at the American bar. As a statesman there were j
those more thoroughly informed than he, yet what
statesman ranked Jlim? Among orators there
were those more graceful and impressive, yet what
orator was greater than he ? There were scholars
more ripe, yet who wrote better English? The
characteristics of his mind were massive strength
and classic beauty combined, with a rare felicity.
His favorite studies, if I may judge from his con-
versations, were the history and the constitution
of his own country and the history and consti- j
tution of England; and I undertake to say that
there is not now a man living who was more
perfectly familiar with both. His favorite amuse-
ments too, if I may judge in the same way, were
field-sports and out-door exercise. 1 have fre-
quently heard Mr. Webster say if he had been
a merchant he would have been an out-door part-
ner. Mr. Webster was, as all great men are, em-
inently magnanimous. A-s proof of this, see his
whole life, antl especially that crowning act of
magnanimity, his letter to Mr. Dickinson. Mr.
Webster had no envy or jealousy about him—as
no great mail ever hail. Conscious of his own
powers, he envied those of no one, and thus
Mr. Calhoun and himself entered public life about
the same time. Each of them strove for the first
honors of the Republic. They were statesmen of
rival schools. They frequently met in the stern
encounter of debate, and when they met the con-
flict was a conflict of giants. Yet "how delightful
it was to hear Mr. Webster speak, as I have heard
him speak, in the most exalted terms of Calhoun;
and how equally delightful it was to hear Mr.'
Calhoun, as I have heard him, speak in like terms
of Webster. On one occasion Mr. Calhoun
speaking to me of the characteristics of Webster
as a debater, said that he was remarkable in this, I
that he always stated the argument of his antago- 1
nist fairly, and boldly met it. He said he h:,d
even seen him state the argument of his opponent
more forcibly than his opponent had stated it him-
self, and if he could not answer it he would never
undertake to weaken it by misrepresentinf it.
What a compliment was this, coming, as it°did,
from his great rival in constitutional law! I have
also heard Mr. Calhoun say that Mr. Webster
tried to aim at Jruth, more than any statesman of
his day. I
i A short time since, Mi. Speaker, when address-
j, ing the House at the invitation of the delegation
from Kentucky, I used this language:
" Sir, it is but a short time since the American
Congress buried the first one that went to the
grave of that great triumvirate, [Calhoun.] We
are now called upon to bury another, [Clay.] The
third, thank God I still lives, and long may be live
to enlighten his countrymen by his wisdom, and
set them the example of exalted patriotism. [Alas !
how little did I think when I uttered these words,
thatmy wish was so soon to be disappointed.] Sir,
in the lives and characters of these great men, there
is much resembling those of the great triumvirate of
the British Parliament. Itdiffers principally in this:
llurke preceded Fox and Pitt to the tomb. Web-
ster survives Clay and Calhoun. When Fox arid
Pitt died, they left no peer behind them. Webster
still lives, now that Calhoun and Clay are dead,
the unrivaled statesman of his country. Like
Fox and Pitt, Clay and Calhoun lived in troubled
times. Like Fox and Pitt they were each of them
the leader of rival parties. Like Fox and Pitt,
they were idolized by their respective friends.
Like Fox and Pitt, they died about the same time,
and in the public seruce; and as has been said of
Fox and Pitt, Clay and Calhoun died with ' their
harness upon them.' Like Fox and Pitt—
u' With more than mortal powers endow'd
How high they soar'd above the crowd;
Theirs was no common party race,
Jostling by dark intrigue for place—
Like tabled gods their mighty war
Shook realms and nations in its jar.
Ueneath each banner proud to etand,
Jiook'd up the noblest of the land.
  * * * *
Here let their discord with them die. *
Speak not for those a separate doom ;
Whom fate made brothers in the tomb j
Hut search Ihe land of hvinc men,
Where wilt thou find their like agaiti?' "
I may reproduce on this occasion, with propri-
ety, what I then said, with the addition of the
names of Burke and Webster. The parallel that
I undertook to run on that occasion, by the aid of
a poet, was not designed to be perfect, yet it mig;ht
be strengthened by lines from another poet. For
though Webster's enemies must admit,as Burke's
satirist did, that, too fond of the right to pursue '
the expedient, y et what satirist, with the last years
of Webster's life before him, will undertake to
shock the public sentiment of America, by saying,
as was unjustly said of Burke by his satirist—
" Born for the universe, he narrowed his mind,
And to party gave up what was meant for mankind."
Mr. Speaker, during the brief period I have I
served with you in this House, what sad havoc '
has death made among the statesmen of our Re-
public! Jackson, Wright, Polk, McDuffie, and
Sergeant, in private life, and Woodbury from the
Bench, have gone to the tomb ! We have buried
in that short time, Adams, Calhoun, Taylor, and
Clay, and we are now called on to pay the last
tribute of our respect to the memory of Daniel
Webster. Well may I ask, in the language of the
poem already quoted,
" Where wilt thou find their like again .' 
There was little I fear in the history of the lat-
ter days of some of those great men to whom I
have alluded,to inspire the young men of our
country to emulate them in the labors and sac-
rifices of public, hie. Yet there never was a time
when there was a stronger obligation of patriotic
duty on us to emulate them in th*it respect than
now.
They lollowed one race of revolutionary states-
men—they were the second generation of states-
men of our country. With one or two brilliant
exceptions, that second generation has passed
away, and those that now have charge of public
affairs, with the exceptions referred to, are em-
phatically new men. God grant we have the pa-
triotism to follow faithfully in the footsteps of
those who preceded us.
Mr. STANLY said: Mr. Speaker, I feel that
it is proper and becoming in me, as the Represent-
ative of a people who claim the reputation of
Daniel Webster as part of their most valuable
property, to add a few words to what has been
already said. I do not think that it is necessary to
his fame to do so. I have no idea of attempting
an eulogy on Daniel Webster. It would be pre- .
sumptuous to attempt it. Long before my entrance
into public life I heard from an illustrious citizen i
of my native State, the late Judge Gaston, that Mr.
I Webster, who was his contemporary in Conjrress,
I gave early indication of the wondeiful abilities
which he afterwards displayed. There were giants
in the land in those days, and by them Webster
was regarded as one who would earn great dis-
tinction. Before he reached the height of his
fame the young men in our land had been taught
to respect him. This was the feeling of those
who came forward on the stage of life with me.
In what language, then, can I express my admira-
tion of those splendid abilities which havedelighted
and instructed his countrymen, and charmed the
lovers of Republican government throughout the
earth? How shall I find fitting terms to speak of
his powers in conversation, his many good quali-
ties in social life, his extraordinary attainments,
his exalted patriotism? Sir, I shrink from the
task. Gifted men from the pulpit, eloquent Sen-
ators at home and in the Senate, orators in noith-
ern and southern and western States have gratified
the public mind by doing honor to his memory.
To follow in a path trodden by so many superior
men requires more boldness than I possess. But
I cannot forbear to say that we North Carolinians
sympathize with Massachusetts in her loss. We
claim him as our Webster, as we do the memo-
1 ries of her great men of the Revolution. Though
he has added glory to the bright name of Massa-
chusetts, he has been the defender of that Consti-
tution, which has surrounded with impregnable
bulwarks the invaluable blessings of civil liberty.
When he made Massachusetts hearts throb with
pride, that she had such a man to represent her
in the councils of the nation, we too felt proud at
her joy, for her glory is our glory.
Faneuil Hall is in Boston, and Boston in Mas-
sachusetts; but the fame of those whose eloquence
from those walls fanned the fire of liberty in the
hearts of American patriots, and made tyrants
tremble on their thrones, is the fame of the Amer-
ican people.
Faneuil Hall! Daniel Webster!
The American patriot who hereafter performs
hispilgrimage to that time-honored Hall, and looks
at his portrait, appropriately placed there, will in-
voluntarily repeat, what the poet said of the Web-
ster of poets:
Here Nature listening stood, while Shakspeare played,
And wondered at the work herself had made.
| Daniel Webster was to the revolutionary patri-
ots of Massachusetts, to the founders of our Con-
stitution in the Oid Thirteen States, what Homer
was to the ancient heroes. Their deeds would
have lived without him. Their memories would
have heen cherished by their countrymen had
Webster never spoken. But who can say that his
mighty ability, his power of language, unequaled
throughout the world—who can say iie has not em-
balmed their memories, painted their deeds in
beautiful drapery, and by the might of his genius
held them up in captivating form to his country-
men? Who is there on the habitable globe,
wherever man is struggling for freedom, wherever
Washington's name is heard and reverenced—who
is there who will ever read the history of those
immortal men who achieved our liberties, and
founded with almost su;>ernatural wisdom our
Constitution and republican form of Government,
who can ever read the history of these great men
without saying, they achieved much, they per-
formed great and noble deeds, but Webster's
oratory has emblazoned them to the world, and
erected monuments to their memories more en-
during than marble? Can man aspire to higher
honor than to have his name associated with such
men ? This honor, by universal consent, Daniel
Webster, the son of a New Hampshire farmer,
has secured. Wherever liberty is prized on earth,
in whatever quarter of the globe the light of our
"great Republic'' is seen, sending its cheering
beams to t!>e heart of the lonely exile of oppression,
in that land and to that heart will the name of Web-
ster beheld in grateful remembrance. As we can-
not tnink of the founders of our Republic without
thinking of Webster, we cannot speak on his ser-
vices properly except in his own words. How
many ofus,in and out ofCongress, since his death,
have recalled his memorable words, in his eulo-
gium on Adams and Jefferson. Hear him in that
discourse:
"Adams and Jefferson, I have said, are no more. As
human heinira, indeed, they are no more. They are no
inure as in 1776, bold and fearless advocate* of iiidepeud-
