1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
69
Senator upon this floor who would not willingly
accord (lit* tribute nt once.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The resolution
being objected to, it cannot now be read a second
time.
SWAMP LANDS.
Mr. BROOKE. by unanimous consent, notice
not havimr been given, obtained lea\e to bring in
a bi',1 to amend the act granting to the Stales of
M :«s:ssip:u. Arkansas, and Louisiana, the swamp
and overflowed lands situated therein, approved
September 03, 1S30; which was read a hrst and
second time by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
REMISSION OF DUTIES.
Mr. GWIN gave notice that on Monday next
he should ask the Senate to take up and consider
the Senate bill No. 101, entitled " A bill to remit
and refund duties upon joods, wares, and mer-
chandise destroyed by fire." He said it was a
bill of great importance, and it should be disposed
of at an early day.
PUBLIC LANDS IN OHIO.
Mr. CHASE, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill to
grant to the State of Ohio the unsold and unap-
propriated public lands remaining in that State;
which was read a first and second time by its
title.
Mr. CHASE. The bill which I have intro-
duced is the same which has already passed the
Senate, with the single exception that this now
includes within its operation the lands within
the military district in the State of Ohio, to which
the Sta'e of Virginia has relinquished its right by
an act of cession passed a few days since. ( make
these observations in the hope that the Senate will
indulge me, at an early day, in the consideration
of the bill; and I now move that it be referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
The motion was agreed to.
CLERKS TO COMMITTEES.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of
the following resolution, submitted yesterday by
Mr. Badger:
'■ Resoired. That the Committee on the Judiciary be au-
thorized to employ a clerk."
On motion by Mr. RUSK, it was amended so
as to read:
" Raolrti. That the committees which were authorized
at the last ses*ion to employ clerk?, he authorized to employ
those clerks durinc the present session."
Mr. BADGER. I accept the amendment.
The resolution as modified was agreed to.
APPROPRIATION BILLS.
The following resolution, submitted December
8th by Mr. Gwin, was taken up for considera-
tion:
" Revoked, That the Committee on Finance be directed
to prepare and report to the Senate, on or before the first
Monday in January next, all the general appropriation bills,
except the one providing for the civil and diplomatic ex-
penses of the Government."
Mr. GWIN. I think I shall be able to accom-
plish the object I had in view by that resolution
without its adoption by the Senate, and I there-
fore move that its further consideration be post-
poned until to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
LIEUTENANT GENERAL.
On motion by Mr. CLEMENS, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider, as in Committee of the Whole,
the joint resolution reported by the Committee on
Military Affairs at the last session, " authorizing
' the President of the United States to confer the
' title of lieutenant general by brevet for eminent
• services."
Mr. CLEMENS. I move, as an amendment
to that resolution, the substitute which 1 hold in
my hand, and which is the same as the resolution
which 1 have introduced at this session:
" Raolvti, ire., That the grade of lieutenant general be,
aad the same ia hereby, revived in the Army of the United
States, in order that when, in the opinion of the President
and Senate, it shall be deemed proper to acknowledge emi-
nent services of a major general of the Army, in the late
war with Mexico, in the mode already provided for in the
subordinate grades, tile grade of lieutenant general may be
ipef lally conferred by brevet, and by brevet only: Provided,
however, That when said gradp of lieutenant genera! shall
have once been filled, and have become vacant, this act
•hall thereafter expire and be of no effect."
The amendment wai agreed to.
Mr. CLEMENS. If my own wishes were con- ;
suited, 1 should prefer that the vote should betaken
upon the resolution at once. There are, however,
some of my friends who desire that it may be post-
poned until Monday. This is desired by some of
the friends of the resolution itself, nnd I therefore
move that its further consideration be postponed
until that day, and that it be made the special order
for one o'clock.
Mr. GWIN. I hope the Senator will say
Tuesday. I have given notice that I shall call up
a very important bill on Monday next.
Mr. CLEMENS. This will not, 1 think, take
more than five minutes at that time. If it does, I
will give the Senator's bill the preference.
The motion was agreed to.
•RECESS.
Mr. HALii. I move that when the Senate ad-
journs to-day, it will be to meet on Monday next.
Mr. ADAMS. Upon that motion I call for the
yeas and nays. If we are to fool away the balance
of this short session in that way, I want to see
who is in favor of it.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and being
taken, resulted:
YE A3—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Bayard, Borland,
Bright, Butler, Cass, Chase, Clarke, Cooper, Davis, Daw-
son, Felch, Fish, Geyer, Hale, Jones of Tennessee, Man-
£uiii. Mason, Miller, N'orris, Pearce, Pratt, Seward, Soule,
Toueey, Upham, and Weller—*28.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Bradbury, Charlton, Dodge of
Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Douglas. James, Morion, Rusk,
Smith, Spruance, Sumner, Underwood, and Wade—14.
So the motion was agreed to.
SIGNING OF ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. HUNTER. I desire to move that the
Committee on Enrolled Bills be instructed to carry
two bills, which have been signed by the Speaker
of the House of Representatives and the Presi-
dent of the Senate, to the President of the United
States for his signature.
Mr. BADGER. -I presume that if Senators
understand the case, there will be no objection.
The only necessity for the vote is in consequence ,
of the fact, that the bills have not been signed by j
thePresiding Officer of this body in this Chamber.
As a member of the Committee on Enrolled Bills, s
I did not feel at liberty to take them to the Presi-
dent, they not having been signed in this room. '
The motion was agreed to.
It was therefore
Ordered, That the Committee on Enrolled Bills present !
tn the President of the United States, the two enrolled bills 1
brought from the House of Representatives for the signature I
of the President of the Senate pro tempore, and by him !
signed- j
The following were the bills referred to: |
An act making an appropriation for bringing to the seat of
Government, the votes for President and Vice President of
the United States.
An act authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury to issue
a register to the barque Qneen of Dundee, to be called Kate
Wheeler.
SUCCESSOR TO MR. CLAY.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
resolution submitted by Mr. Gwin on Monday,
the 6th instant, which had been modified so as to
read:
"Resolved, That the credentials of Archibald Dixon,
E«q., be referred to the Committee on the Judiciary, who
shall consider and report thereon." *
The pending question being on the amendment
of Mr. Jones, of Tennessee, to strike out all after
he word " Resolved," and insert: *
"That the Hon. Archibald Dixon was duly elected by the
Legislature of the State of Kentucky, to fill the vacancy
in the Senate occasioned by the resignation of the Hon.
Henry Clay, and is entitled to a seat therein." ]
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, when the facts in 1
this case first fell under my own observation, I did :
not suppose that it was possible there could be
two opinions upon the subject, when in connection :
with the facts the history of the Senate in prior j
cases was known. 1 do not rise to-day, expect-
ing, hoping, or desiring, that anything that I can ;
say upon this occasion will enlighten one solitary i
member of the Senate. If there is doubt in any-
body's mind upon the annunciation of this prop-
osition, I do not expect to remove that doubt; but
I expect that it will be consummated by a vote
against the individual who presents the credentials
of the Legislature of Kentucky. Sir, did I not
see gentlemen upon this floor whose reputation
for intelligence and integrity forbids the supposi-
tion that anything but the highest motive# could
operate upon their minds, I should not now be-
lieve that there was room for doubt in an intelli-
gent and honest mind; but seeing it, I must believe
it.
I speak of the past; but something occurred ill
the debates of the Senate yesterday which I con-
fess had induced a different opinion in my mind;
and that was in listening to the remarks submitted
by the honorable Senator from Connecticut, [Mr.
Toucey.] 1 confess that the remarks with which
he favored the Senate invested the subject with a
new interest and presented it in new aspects, be-
cause he suggested, and 1 think with great truth
and propriety, that there was a question back of
the whole of this which had never yet been pre-
sented to the consideration of the Senate, and so
far as he knew had never been considered at all.
Well, sir, I listened with a good deal of interest
and a good deal of expectation, with an earnest
desire for light, to know what this great question
was that lay back of everything that had hereto-
fore engaged the attention and become a part of
the history of the Senate in all past time; and
when he announced that the question which lay
back of everything that had been mentioned, I ac-
ceded at once to everything which he said of it.
He announced that question to be, whether a man
could resign his senatorial office after his death. I
believe that in all the histories of debate; in all
forensic clubs; in all academical associations; in
all moot-courts; in all lyceums for the exercise of
the ingenuity of youth who are training and dis-
ciplining themselves for forensic disputations, this
question had never been started before. I believe
that we are indebted entirely to the sagacity and
fertility of imagination of the honorable Senator
from Connecticut for the flashing upon us of this
great question, which is to decide this whole
matter.
Sir, I confess that when I first heard the ques-
tion, it struck me as entitled to everything that the
Senator said about it. I had been contented here-
tofore, in the unsophisticated ignorance of my re-
flections, to rest with unshaken confidence upon
| the announcement of Revelation, that there is "no
| work, nor device, nor knowledge, nor wisdom in
the grave, whither thou goest; and I had sup-
posed that it was settled, not only by the experi-
ence of the living, but by the teachings of Reve-
lation, that a dead man could not resign—that
the most that he could do was to be resigned.
! [Laughter.] And if I had seen stalking into the
Senate Chamber from the charnel-house the ghost
of a departed Senator, coming here to tender his
resignation, I should have said there was a ques-
tion back even of the one that the honorable Sen-
ator from Connecticut has raised, and I should
have exclaimed, in the language of the poet:
" O answer me!
Let me not burst in ignorance! but tell
Why thy canoniz'd bones,hearsed in death,
Have burst their cerements? Why the sepulchsr,
Wherein we saw thee quietly inurned,
Hath op'd his pond'rousand marble jaws
To cast thee up again?"
I should have called upon the ghost to answer
that question before going into the consideration
of the question whether or not he had aright to re-
sign. [Laughter.] I think that the Senate owe
a debt of gratitude to the honorable Senator from
Connecticut for stating this question so fully, and
frankly, and freely as he has done, and discussing
it with the sagacity which he" has brought to the
consideration of so grave a question. [Laughter.]
Can a dead man resign ? I do not believe he
can. The honorable Senator puts it in this way:
" Whether a Senator can resign his senatorial
office after death;"not whether a living man can
make a resignation to take effect after his death,
but whether he can resign after he is dead? Sir,
I think this ought to go to a committee, [laughter;]
that is to say, if there is any real doubt about it.
But I am at a loss to know to what committee it
ought to be referred. I do not see any appropriate
I committee on the list. I am not certain that this
question would not be most appropriately consid-
i ered by those members who stand outside of
" healthy organizations." It bein^ a question of
i death, those members who stand in the nearest
relation to death,—and they are those who are
outside of healthy organizations,—it seems to me,
would be the most appropriate tribunal to consider
I it.
| J accede all the importance which is claimed to
i the question, and I suppose, coming from the
