72
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 16,
Mr.^Clay. See what bis deliberate intentions
were how he understood himself—how we un-
derstood him—bow the Common wenlth ot' Ken-
tucky understood him—how the Legislature of
that Commonwealth understood him—how the
Governor of the State understood him—how Mr.
Meriwetherunderstood him—how every memberof
the Senate understood him, when Mr Meriwether
came here to take his seat, and then say if there is
a doubt in this case. Is there the least doubt on
earth? Yes,there is,because gentlemen say they
doubt. That is evidence. But let it be remem-
bered in all coming time, for the honor of the Sen-
ate let it be remembered, that when the history
which tells that there was a doubt whether the
honorable Mr. Dixon was entitled to a seat on he
floor of this Senate, there was coupled also with it
that other doubt, whether dead men could resign
their offices or not ? [Laughter.]
Mr. TOUCEY. I a?ree, sir, most fully with
the Senator from New Hampshire, that a resigna-
tion after death, is as ridiculous an idea as can
enter into the head of any man; and yet, that is
the resignation which is insisted upon as a valid
resignation by the honorable Senator himself. It
is a resignation which, by the terms of it, was to
take effect, as a resignation, only on the first Mon-
day in September, 1852—more than two months
after the death of Mr. Clay, which it is now in-
sisted has made the vacancy; to fill which, the hon-
orable Mr. Dixon is presented by the Legislature
of Kentucky^ It is claimed that that resignation
was made by an act in the lifetime of Mr. Clay.
Now, I say, and I maintained yesterday, that it is
impossible there should be a resignation' to take
effect after death. A man, by will, may dispose
of properly after death; but a man, by will, can-
not dispose of an office after death. A Senator
cannot, by an act fixing a day posterior to his
death, resign an office which is no longer his.
That was the manner in which I presented the sub-
ject to the Senate; and I agree that that idea is as
Absurd and ridiculous as can well be conceived.
And yet it is precisely the resignation that is in-
sisted upon by the honorable Senator, as making
the vacancy at that time. I shall not reply to the
honorable Senator beyond the remark I have now
made.
Mr. BROOKE. I shall offer no apology to the
Senate fora^ain trespassing upon its time, because
this is a case which 1 regard as a very important
one—important, as settling a principle which will
apply to a vast number of cases that may in all
probability occur hereafter; "and therefore I con-
sider that u not onIyadmits,but justifies thefullest
discussion. I regret that I have not heard more
argument from the opposite side, upon this ques-
tion. Until yesterday, we were favored with noth-
ing but bare suggestions—suggestions, 1 believe in
every instance, accompanied by protests of non-
committalism. In other words, no member seemed
willing to take a position, but simply to throw out
doubts and suggestions, reserving the privilege of
forming an opinion hereafter. But yesterday,
incompatibility between the two ideas, none what-
ever.
But the Senator made a very fatal admission to
his case, when he admitted, as I distinctly under-
stood htm to do, that if Mr. Clay had lived until
the first Monday in September, he could not have
token his seat in this body after that time. Now,
Mr. Meriwether was appointed to succeed Mr.
Clay. To whose rights, to whose powers and
privileges did he succeed ? He succeeded to the
I temporary power, lasting only during su«h recess,
whs given to the State Executive* to make tem-
porary appointments to fill such vacancies. How
ion;; such appointments are to ex let depends upon
circumstances; certainly no longer than theLegie.
Intore chooses to put an end to them by its own
action.
Some confusion and misconception has arisen
from the use of terms or words that are not to be
found in the Constitution. Senators are accus-
rights, the powers, and privileges of Mr. Clay— ' tomed to speak of vacancies occurring during ths
no more, and no less. But, according to the argu-
ment of the honorable Senator from Connecticut,
Mr. Meriwether was invested with more power
than Mr. Clay himself; and he was invested with
greater privileges, because he could, according to
recess of the Legislature. The Constitution uses
the word " happen," and not "occur," and th#
words are by no means synonymous. To happen,
means to take place unexpectedly; the happening
of an event is one ihat is not anticipated; such is
the argument of the gentleman, h'ld his seat not * the definition of lexicographers, and doubtless the
only until the first Monday in September, but
longer, even until the next session of the Legisla-
ture of Kentucky. That, sir, is not consistent.
But the Senator seemed to think that the continu-
ance of the life of Mr. Clay was a contingency
upon which this vacancy was to be dttermi ed.
1 do not regard the matter in that light at all. The
only contingency upon which the vacancy de-
pended, was the arrival of the first Monday in
September; and not either the life or death of Mr.
Clay. His resignation was to take effect upon
the occurrence of a particular event; and what was
that event? The occurrence of the first Monday
in September, 1852—an occurrence wholly inde-
pendent of the contingency whether Mr. Clay
lived until that time or not. The Senator also
made a other admission, or raiher suggested an
analogy, which is equally fatal to the cause which
he espouses; and I thank him for it, and will en-
deavor to run it out. He compares an office to
an estate for years, determinable upon the death
of U>e party. Let us run it out and see how it
terminates. A, on the first of December last,
leased to B a plantation for six years. A few
weeks afterwards, on the 17tli of December, B
comes to A, and says, 1 do not wish to occupy
this plantation longer than until the first Monday
of September next; my design is then to remove
to a different part of the country, and I hereby
surrender to you all the residue of the term after ■
the first Monday of September; and Accordingly
executes his indenture to th4t effect. Th t is a j
binding and valid art. Nobody will .^doubt that, j
A then, in the exercise of his discretion and his ,
power, leases to C the balance of the term, com- i
mencing on the first Monday of September. C ac-
quires a vested right in that, does he not ? Nobody
will dispute that. Suppose, however, that on the j: emergency nas not arisen in wmcn tne ext
29th of June, before the arrival of the first Mon-J nary power of appointment is thrown up*
day of September, B, the tenantries. His estate,
whatever it may be, is then determined by his
death. What, then, is thrown back upon A?
The whole term? Could he divest C, to whom
he has made a deed for the remainder of the term
after the first Monday of September? Surely not.
word was used by the framers of the Constitution
with direct reference to this meaning; for ths
State Legislatures, as before remarked, being the
primary and main appointing powers, it was in-
tended to make an exception only in cases which
they could not anticipate, and, therefore, could
not provide for. In all other cases the power
inured to them by virtue of the general grant. In
truth, there is no limitation upon,or exception to,
their power, while they are in a condition to ex-
ercise it, by being in session; it is only when
their functions are suspended for the time being,
that a temporary power of appointment is given
to another branch of the Government, and this
power is not, therefore, to be considered as so
much taken from them, or as an exception from
their grant, but as an auxiliary power, to be
used in subordination to theirs, when they can-
not act. The grant of power to the Legislatures
of electing Senators, being general, full, and com-
prehensive, it may be assumed as a postulate,
that as a consequence, they have the power to
fill all vacancies, whether -existing or tn prospect-
ive; provided, in reference to the latter, that
their occurrence is legally certain, fixed, and de-
terminate—I say legally certain, because I do
not wish to be understood as asserting that «
Legislature can provide in advance for the prob-
able occurring of a vacancy—one that may or May
not happen by death or resignation. There must
be a legal certainty—^. termination of the period of
service either by operation of law, or by the exe-
cuted and irrevocable act of the incumbent himself.
When this legal certainty exists, whether in pre-
senti or in future, the Legislature can act, whether
the vacancy oceurs during the session or in the
recess—and for this very obvious reasoB, that ths
emergency has not arisen in which the extraordi-
on the
Governor. An unanticipated vacancy has not
occurred, orrather " happened," in the language
of the Constitution, and as before seen, it is only
on such happening that he is authorized to act.
To borrow a legal phrase, the jurisdiction of State
Legislatures over the appointment of Senators in
_ . day of September. All the term that is thrown
the Senator from Connecticut [Mr. Toucet] gave back upon A, is that small remainder existing
what I supposed to be the authorized exposition of from the 29th of June, when B dies, to the first
Monday of September, when C's right comes into
The analogy is perfect. So much for
I . J * ,1 / I I w T | ailfavn V VI \ V| n §J|
C has acquired a vested right after the first Mon- j Congress is general, and they may do everything
dav of Senlember. All the term thflt in thrnurn ! >u. p { 
i of
the views of those who are disposed 'to deny to
Mr. Dixon the right to a seatin this body. I list-
ened with a great deal of attention, and some cu-
riosity, to this remarks of that Senator. I was
anxious to learn by what process of reasoning any
ground could betaken upon which the opponents of
Mr. Dixon's claim could take their stand. I was
not gratified; audi I Ittust say, with all due defer-
ence to the honorable Senator from Connecticut, I
think he utterly failed W briar forward even the
semblance of an argument l shall saynothing
in reference to ths important question which he
put in the opening of his remarks, and which has '
been so satisfactorily answered by the honorable
Senator from New Hampshire. I will simply state,
however, that the gentleman fell into an error in
the beginning of his argument; and that error was
in confounding two distinct ideas. He construed,
or reasoned as if he construed, a resignation to
mean the same thing as a vacancy. They are,
however, separate and distinct ideas; for one is
bat the effect of the other. A resignation may
be made during the lifetime of an individual, al-
though the effect which is to follow—the vacancy
—may take place afterwards. Such is the case
now. The resignation was made during the life-
time of Mr. Clay; the effect of that resignation did
not take place until after his death. There is no
operation
the argument of the Senator'f-om Connecticut. I
will now, with the permission of the Senate, go
into a general view of the subject, promising,
however, to be very brief. *
In the remarks submitted on Monday week
last, I assumed the position that an Executiveap-
within the limits of the Constitution that is neces-
sary to effectuate the intentions of that instrument
that is not specially prohibited to them; whereas
the jurisdiction of the State Executives over this
subject-matter is special and limited,and they can
do nothing they are not specifically empowered to
do. The want of power in the Legislature to act in
the case of vacancy specified in the Constitution, is
not the want of a power not granted, but simply an
inability to act, arising from the fact of its not
being in session. When in session its power is
pointment did not necessarily extend to, and was resumed, and is general, compiehensive, and com
not ^necessarily limited by, an ensuing session of plete.
the State Legislature; that such appointment might
be terminated by other means. And to support
this positional referred to the numerous cases
where Executive appointees had held their seats
after and during a session of their Legislatures,
ana until their successors were qualified; an\J also
to cases of appointment to fill short unexpired
terms—terms which expired by limitation of law
; during a recess of the Legislature, and when it is
admitted on all hands that the appointee cannot
' hold over. In short, the whole drift of the Con-
stitution is simply this: That the State Legisla-
tures beingthemain and primary appointing power,
they shall in all cases elect both for full terms and
vacancies when in session; but to provide for un-
expected emergencies—for vacancies happening
by death, resignation, or otherwise, which the
Legislature, not being is session, cauid not fill, a
It is not necessary, then, to examine and see
whether, in this case, the Leeislature of Kentucky
was specifically authorized by the Constitution
to do as it has done; but having seen that its juris-
diction over the subject is general, the borden is on
the shoulders of others to prove that its aetion in
the premises is expressly forbidden or prohibited
by the Constitution.
Applying these general principles to the question
at issue, it. appears to me to be easy of solution.
Mr. Clay resigned his seat in this body in Decem-
ber, 1851, while the Legislature of Kentucky was
in session—his resignation to take effect in Septem-
ber following. Could he do this? Had he the
power thus to fix in futuro the period of his ser-
vices? _ As 1 have had occasion before to remark,
this point is too well settled, both by precedent and
practice, to admit of further controversy. It was
