1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
75
of the country and of Congress to permit such res-
ignations.
The Senator from Connecticut has raised a
point which he calls a new one. 1 do not so con-
sider it. He takes the ground that the death of
Mr. Clav made his resignation void. The death
of Mr. Clay could have no effect upon that resig-
nation , if it was good at the time when he made it.
If he had a right to resign his office in advance, to
take effect at a future day, no act of his, no other
act could take back that resignation. When he
sent in his resignation to the Legislature of Ken-
tucky, and they accepted it, the act was complete.
The resignation was thus made and accepted; and
in order to make it void, Senators must take the
broad ground that no man can resign an office
until the very day when he walks out of it. Now,
in my own State—and I have heard of several other
cases—judges may send in their resignations to
take effect at a future day, fixing that day, it may
be, perhaps, after the next term of court, in three
months, or in six months; and they in the mean
time go on and perform the judicial functions; and
no one has ever denied the correctness or propriety
of such a course. If you deny this power, when
a judge makes up his mind to resign, he must at
once leave the bench, thereby throwing into con-
fusion the administration of justice, and delaying
causes. This can be and ought to be prevented;
and therefore it has been the long-established rule
in cases of this kind to permit a man to say in ad-
vance that he will vacate his office at a certain
day, sending in his resignation as of the day it
bears date, declaring that he does resign to take
effect in future. All the precedents show that such
a resignation once made and accepted, is conclusive
upon the party, and cannot be taken back. We
must, therefore, it appears to me, in every view of
this case, admit Mr. Dixon to his seat. He has
in fact been elected by the Legislature of Ken-
tucky; no man doubts that. He can begot rid of
only by a construction of layr under the Constitu-
tion.
As for Mr. Meriwether's claim, it seems to me
that it is impossible for the Senate to make him a
Senator for Kentucky; because Kentucky has not,
either through its Legislature or Governor, ap-
pointed him to this vacancy. Whether they com-
mitted an error in not appointing him—whether
the Governor committed an error in not extending
the commission further—is not the question for us
to consider and determine. The fact is, that the
Governor did not appoint him for this vacancy;
and, as I said before, if he be admitted to a seat, it
will be by the act of the Senate, and not by the act
of the Governor or Legislature of Kentucky.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I rise to express
the hope that this question will be early disposed
of, inasmuch as I think that is due to the gentle- |
man who claims the seat. And I wish to express !
the further hope that it will not be committed, but
will be decided by the Senate, inasmuch as the
members of the Senate have argued the merits of
the case; and also because there is no complicity
in the matter which requires particular investiga-
tion. I hope, without commitment, the Senate will
decide the question at once and finally.
This case presents nothing new; it demands no
new construction of the Constitution; it will, when
settled, make no new precedent. For myself, I
am pretty much in the same condition as the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire, [Mr. Hale.] I have
examined the matter somewhat—perhaps not so
much as he has—and confess myself unable to
feel any doubt about the result that I ought to
come to. It is, after all, purely a question of con-
stitutional construction, and we must look into the
provisions of the Constitution to ascertain the ,
powers granted to the States, and thence deduce
our duties in regard to this case.
I shall not occupy the attention of the Senate
more than a few moments, for I shall be able to
state all I wish to say with great brevity. Each
State, by the Constitution, is entitled to two Sen-
ators, and they are to be elected by the Legisla-
tures thereof. The Constitution further provides
that the times, places, and manner of electing
shall be prescribed by the Legislature of the State;
thus clothing the Legislature with not only ample
but unqualified powers. They have the -right to
fix the time, the place, and the manner, which em-
braces everything in relation to the election of a
Senator. Sir, there are two modes of electing
Senators—the one by the Legislature of a State;
the other by Executiue appointment. And how
conies it, Mr. President, thut theiearetwo modes'
It is well to understand the reason. It was foie-
seen by the trainers of the Constitution that va-
cancies would occur—would " happen," as the
Constitution expresses it, during the recess of the
Legislature of a State, and consequently that a
Slate would be deprived ol its representation, for
a time at least, unless that vacancy could be sup-
plied. Hence it gives to the Executive of a State
the power of a temporary appointment, as the
Constitution expresses it—a temporary appoint-
ment to hold until the Legislature, as I shall show
you, has had an opportunity to appoint; and when
the Legislature has once had that opportunity, and
declined or omitted to exercise its power, the Ex-
ecutive no longer has any power over the subject.
It has been justly enough observed here that the
word "until," in the clause of the Constitution,
qualifies the word power; that is, he shall appoint
to hold until the Legislature discharges that duty,
or has an opportunity to discharge it.
On this point, it has been deemed by the Senate
that when the Legislature has had the opportunity
to appoint, and omiis to exercise that power, then
the seat is vacant, and must remain so, because
the Executive of the State has no power to fill it.
These, then, are the two modes by which Sen-
ators are appointed; and now a question is raised
here, first, whether the Legislature of a State can,
by anticipation, appoint a Senator to fill a vacancy
which it is known will occur. Can it, while a
Senator is sitting here, and no vacancy exists,
make a valid election? Sir, all the State Legis-
latures have exercised this power from the year
1789 to this time; and I doubt if there are five
members of this body who do not hold their seats
exactly by that same tenure, being elected before
a vacancy existed. It has not only been the uni-
form practice of the States, from the commence-
ment of the Government to this day, but it is the
duty of the State Legislatures to do this. I say it
is their duty, because the Senate has said so. In
the case of Mr. Lanman, the Legislature which
i last met in Connecticut, before a constitutional va-
; \ cancy was to happen, omitted to appoint a Senator.
1 The Governor, supposing he had power to do it,
made an appointment. The credentials of his
appointee were presented here, and the Senate
toolc the subject into their deliberation, and de-
I cided that the Executive had no authority to ap-
£oint in such a case; and why? Because the
egislature had had an opportunity to exercise
J j the power with which they were clothed, and they
II had omitted to do it; and the contingency which
J[ vested the Executive with power to supply a va-
I cancy had not occurred. This vacancy was not
a contingency which the Legislature could not
foresee and provide for; while such, and such
only, came within the scope of Executive power.
It was intended by the framers of the Constitu-
tion to place the whole power in the hands of the
Legislature whenever they could exercise it, and
that it should be exercised by the Executive at no
time, and under no circumstances where the Le-
gislature had had an opportunity to do it. I think,
then, it is very clear that a Senator may be ap-
pointed in anticipation of a vacancy. It is a ell-
established usage, which has been exercised
throughout the history of the Government; and I
think it is equally clear that it is the duty of the
Legislature, in any case where they know a va-
cancy is to exist, to make the appointment sea-
sonably; and it results from the decision in th'e
case of Lanman, that if they fail to exercise that
power when they have had an opportunity to do
it, the seat then becomes vacant, and the Execu-
! tive has no right to fill it.
i The case of Lanman establishing this construc-
tion, has since been reaffirmed by the case of Se-
' vier. Mr. Sevier came here from Arkansas, and
when his constitutional term expired he produced
an Executive appointment, which was objected to
! on the authority of the case of Lanman; but it
further appeared that Sevier came as the Senator
of a State represented for the first time; and as the
Legislature, when last together, could not know to
what class he would be assigned, they had r.o
means of determining whether a vacancy would
happen before another session, and therefore could
not elect. On this ground he was allowed to take
his seat; but the committee declare that thisfcase
does not question the principle laid down in Lan-
i man's case.
Now, 1 say there is no conflict between the claim
of Mr. Dixon and Mr. Meriwtiher; none what-
ever. Let its see bow the view which 1 lmve
taken of constitutional power and construction ap-
plies to the facts in the case under consideration.
Mr. Clay, the sitting member, m December wrote
a letter to the Legislature of Ken tuck;/ resigning
his seat, to take effect at a subsequent day, thefirst
Monday of September then next. The Legislature
accepted that resignation and proceeded to an elec-
tion,and elected the present claimant. They pro-
ceeded on the ground, that on the first Monday ot
September then next ensuing a -.acancy would
occur. Mr. Clay so declared, and his purpose no
doubt was to give the Legislature an opportunity
to fill it, inasmuch as it would not meet a<rain be-
fore that day. Now, had Mr. Clay a right to re-
sign? No one doubts the right of a Senator to
resign his seat. That cannot be questioned by
anybody; nor can any gentleman question the fact
that the resignation is to depend upon the volition
of the member alone, and that thtre is no power
which can control or direct him in the matter. It
depends on his own volition, whether he will re-
sign within his term, and at what period he will
resign. All these matters are in his own breast.
Mr. Clay resigned, to take effect upon a future
day. Is that binding on him ? Is it obligatory on
him? The case of Bledsoe settles that point be-
yond all question.
Mr. Bledsoe resigned, to take effect at a future
day, and the Legislature of Kentucky, from which
State he came, proceeded, just as in this case, to
electa successor to fill the vacancy which would
happen when his resignation took effect. Mr.
Bledsoe having altered his mind—was desirous to
continue in his seat after he had made his resig-
nation to take effect upon a future day—presented
to the Senate the question whether he could remain
in his seat beyond that day. What was the an-
swer? The answer made by a vote of the Senate
was, that the resignation was binding and obliga-
tory upon him, and that as a successor had been
appointed, that successor had a right to the seat.
That decision settled three things: First, that a
\ Senator may resign, making his resignation take
effect at a future day; second, that such a resig-
nation cannot be revoked; and third, that the Le-
gislature has a right at once to fill the vacancy.
This decision covers the whole of this case.
The point which seemed to determine the case
! of Lanman, is this: The Legislature had had the
J opportunity to fill the vacancy; they knew of the
J existence of a constitutional expiration of a term,
| and consequently a vacancy, and having had that
I opportunity, it was their duty to fill it, and there-
fore the Executive could not afterwards fill the
i place. Now, what is the difference between the
! case under consideration and any such case as
j that? I can see none whatever. Mr. Clay ad-
vised the Legislature of Kentucky that he intended
to resign, and to vacate his seat upon a day certain.
The Legislature accepted that resignation. It
was, according to the decision in Bledsoe's case,
bindingupon Mr. Clay; and being obligatory upon
him, if he had been living, he would have been
■ compelled to vacate his seat on that day, and yield
it to his successor. It seems to me that on the
Erinciple laid down in the case of Lanman—if the
,egislature, with this knowledge of a vacancy to
exist at a future day, and before it or another
legislative body assembled, had omitted to elect,
the consequence would have been that the Gov-
ernor could not appoint, and the seat would have
remained vacant; and so it will be if Mr. Dixon
is denied his seat.
But, sir, it is said that in this case Mr. Clay
died before the day arrived; that another gentle-
man was thereupon appointed by the Governor to
fill the vacancy which intervened between the
death and the day appointed to vacate the seat.
Does that present any complicated difficulty?
Let me draw the attention of gentlemen to a case
which I will suppose, which will happen, if it has
not in the course of time, and for aught I know,
it has already happened. Suppose a gentleman is
elected for a new term, or, in other words, to fill
a constitutional vacancy a year or more before it
happens, as is frequently the case. Suppose that
after such an election by the Legislature, the gen-
tleman occupying the seat should die, or should
resign, or the seat should be vacated from any
cause, can it be imagined for a moment that it
would affect the right of the gentleman elected to
