76
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 16,
take the scat at the end of the term, or that it
would affect the power of the Executive to fill the
vacancy thus created if the Legislature has no
opportunity to fill it? I apprehend that it is clearly
a vacancy which it is competent for the Legisla-
ture to ill, if it has an opportunity, or for the
Executive, in ease the Legislature is not assem-
bled.
I think, therefore, without detaining the Senate,
for I know they are impatient, that this case pre-
sents no new principle whatever. It lies entirely
within the construction given to the Constitution
in cases which have been presented h^re; and that
Mr. Dixon hasa clear and indubitable right to his
•eat seems to me beyond all question. In the discus-
sion of this question gentlemen should always re-
member the fact that the Legislative power is to
predominate, that the Executive is only to make
" temporary appointments," and that when the
Legislature has once exercised this power and its
authority upon the subjeet, that is to be regarded
and respected, unless there are some very substan-
tial reasons why it should not be.
I have raid the cases before us in no respect con-
flict with each other. The Legislature of Kentucky
in electing Mr. Dixon acted upon the knowledge it
possessed. It knew that a vacancy would exist on
the first of September, and it was its duty to fill it,
as there would be no other session before that
day. It was acquainted with the general rule
which has at all times prevailed, that the Legisla-
ture of a State last assembled before a vacancy
occurs shall, if it be known, fill it. They did all
that could be done. As they did not know that
the death of Mr. Clay woufd happen before the
day appointed to vacate his seat, they could not
elect for that period. This contingency has been
met by the Executive. He filled that vacancy, as
he had a right to do, but attempted to carry his
powec no further. The periods of time for which
Mr. Meriwether and Mr. Dixon were appointed
were distinct and defined with entire accuracy.
The Constitution provided for both. The power
of the Executive is exhausted upon this subject,
and Mr. Meriwether's appointment has run out.
Sir, I hope the Senate will come to a speedy de-
cision in a matter so free from embarrassment.
Several Senators. "Question!"
Mr. DOUGLAS. If the Senate are willing to
come to a vote to-night, and it is simply to make
a reference, 1 have not a wind to say dpoa it; but
if the vote is to be npon the merits of the ease, I
should like to occupy seven or eight minutes'
time.
Mr. SEWARD. This vote must be upon the
merits of the question. The amendment of the
Senator from Tennessee, which is the pending
?uextion, brings up the whole merits of the case.
would, therefore, move that the Senate adjourn.
Several Senators, Oh, no!
Mr. SEWARD. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. One remark to the
Senator from Illinois: I apprehend that lie will
reich his point as readily by a vote upon my prop-
osition, as upon one to refer. My amendment,
which is the question before the Senate, is simply
to admit Mr. Dixon to his seat. If that should
■ be voted down, I presume the subject will be re-
ferred, as a matter of course, to a committee. I
hope the Senate will now take a vote upon my
proposition.
Mr. BRIGHT. That vote involves the whole
merits of the question. This side of the Chamber
is, I may say, almost vacant. I hope the question
will not be pressed to a vote this evening, for many
Senators on this side of the Chamber have retired,
under the impression that no Vote would be taken
to-night.
Mr. BADGER 'I concur in the suggestion of
the Senator from Indiana. This question ought
to be decided by a full vote of the Senate. TOat
much is due to ourselves and due to the country.
If we can have ageneral understanding in the body
now, that we will decide the case on Monday,
Senators will have fair warning to be present at
that time, and we can have the subject disposed of
by a full Senate.
Several Senators. Agreed.
Mr. DOUGLAS. In accordance with what ap-
pears to be the general wish, I move that the Sen-
ate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate ad-
journed till Monday.
! HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, December 16, 1852.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer '
by the Rev. James Gallaher.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
THE PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE.
Mr. STUART. Mr. Speaker, I feel constrained
to renew the application which I made on yester-
day, for a reason which will be obvious to every
gentleman. The time fixed for closing the debate
on the President's message was yestenlay, at two
o'clock; but proceedings intervened unexpectedly
to interrupt that debate. I propose, therefore, to
extend the time allowed for debate until two j
o'clock to-day, and I ask the unanimous consent j
of the House for that purpose. !
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I object, j
GENERAL COMMITTEE ON CLAIMS.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi. I ask the unan- 1
*inious consent of the House to introduce the fol-
lowing resolution, of which I gave notice a few
days ago, viz:
Rtnlved, That the following be added to the rales of the
House of Representatives:
There shall be appointed a standing committee of the
House of Representatives, to consist of fifteen members,
to be called The General Committee on Claims, whose
duty it shall be to report a bill at eaeh session of Congress
making appropriations forthe payment of private claimants.
It shall be the duty of the other committees of this House,
when they report in favor of any claim, to transmit tbeir
report, together with the evidence on which it is based, to
said General Committee on Claims; and if said committee,
after due examination, shall concur in said report, they
shall insert an item for the payment of said claim in the bill
for the payment of private claimants, and thereupon submit
to the House the report and evidence aforesaid, to be printed
or otherwise disponed of, as the House may direct. And
upon tbe demand of a single member, a separate vote shall
be had on any section of said bill designated by hiin, not-
, withstanding the previous question may have been moved
and seconded.
Mr. CLEVELAND. I object.
Mr. BROWN. As the proposition is objected
to, I will move to suspend the rules to enable me
to introduce it. I believe I have a right to do '
that. ;
The SPEAKER. A motion to suspend the !
rules is not in order except oil Monday.
Mr. BROWN. Is it ji6t, in order to' iospend
the rifles'iny tithe during the first tlurty days of
the sesiion >
The SPEAKER. The Chair is under the im-
pression that it is on the first six days of the -Bes-
; sion. There is no other reservation.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The last ten days
' of the session.
The SPEAKER. Yes, except the last ten days
of the session.
ENGRAVINGS FOR PRESIDENT'S MES8AGE.
Mr- RIDDLE. I am instructed by the Com- I
mittee on Engraving to offer the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That the Committee on Engraving be, and they
are hereby, authorized to contract for engraving the maps •
and drawings accompanying the President's message for
nine hundred and thirty copies; provided that the cost shall *
not exceed the sum of four hundred and seventy-five dol-
lars.
It may be necessary, perhaps, to make a brief
explanation in regard to the resolution. The com- I
i mittee find it impossible to have the engraving j
executed for the whole number of copies of the .
President's message, on account of the advanced j
ij state of the public printing. The distribution of i
j the message would be delayed for three months if i I
' the maps were to accompany the whole number of I
copies ordered. The committee therefore report j
in favor of engraving for enough copies to supply '!
the departments ana the libraries connected with
the House.
Mr. CARTTER. I should like to know what
this engraving is which the committee propose to
appropriate to a part only of the edition of the
President 's message. If the engraving can be dis-
pensed with in a part of the edition, why not in
the whole of it?
Mr. RIDDLE. If it is the wish of the House,
the whole of the engraving can be executed, as
was requested by the Departments. But the dis-
tribution of the work, under such circumstances,
would be delayed for two or three months.
Mr. CARTTER. Are these engravings essential
to the understanding of the reports?
Mr. RIDDLE They are so considered by the
Departments.
Mr. CARTTER. Then, if they are essential,
they ought to be put in the whole edition.
The question was then put upon the resolution,
and on a division, the Chair announced 53 in the
affirmative.
Mr. RIDDLE demanded tellers; which were
ordered; and Messrs. Clingman, and Parker of
Pennsylvania, were appointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 74, noes 37; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection, the
Chair will again divide the House, to ascertain if
there is a quorum present.
There being no objection, the tellers resumed
their places, and a recount having been had, the
tellers reported—ayes 83, noes 40.
So the resolution was agreed to.
The SPEAKER announced that petitions were
in order from the State of Maine.
NEW CUSTOM-HOUSE IN MAINE.
Mr. SMART. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to offer the following resolution:
SaoWt That the Committee on Commerce be requested
to inquire into the expediency of making an appropriation
lor a custom house in the Belfast collection district, in the
State of Maine.
I will simply say that it is merely a resolution
of inquiry.
There being no objection, the resolution wal
received and adopted.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
for the purpose of resuming the consideration of
the President's message.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
Mr. MILLER. 1 ask the gentleman to with-
draw that motion for a moment, to enable me to
obtain leave to withdraw certain papers from the
files of the House.
Mr. HOUSTON. As there can be no objec-
tion, I will waive my motion for a moment.
Mr. MILLER. I ask leave to withdraw the
papers in the case of John Batten and others, in
relation to the legalizing certain powers of attor-
ney for the location;Of certain land warrants.
. There being no objection, the leave was granted.
PUBtIC PRINTING—SUPPLY OP PAPER.
Mr. HAVEN. I desire to make a report front
the Joint Committee on Printing. It will takeout
a moment. I believe I have a right to make the
report, and I presume the gentleman from Ala-
bama [Mr. Houston] will not object to it.
The SPEAKER. The right of the gentleman
from Alabama to make the motion he has sub-
mitted is very clear. It is equally a privileged
motion, and must be first put.
Mr. HAVEN. Then I ask the gentleman from
Alabama, inasmuch as it is intended to forward
the business in hand, to give way long enough to
enable me to offer the resolution which has been
agreed upon by the Joint Committee on Printing.
It will lead to no debate or discussion.
Mr. HOUSTON. I have no objection.
Mr. HAVEN; I am instructed by the Joint
Committee on Public Printing to offer the follow-
ing joint resolution:
A Joint Resolution authorizing the settlement of the ac-
counts of the public printer for paper used by him since
the 1st of November, 1852.
Resolved by the Seriate and House of Representative*,
That the accounts of the public printer for paper furnished
and used by him since the expiration of the time specified
in the sixth section of the act" making appropriations for
the naval service, for the year ending the 30th of Jane,
1853," also for paper to h« furnished and used by him until
printer have been settled and paid, under said sixth section
of said act, and as is provided for in said section.
If the'House will allow me to read that sixth
section, I want then to put the joint resolution on
its passage. The sixth section of the act referred'
to in the resolution is a* follows:
"Sec. 6. Jlni be it further enacted, That Robert Arm-
strong, the public printer, be, and he fe hereby, directed N>
execute without delay, the public printing ordered by either
House of^Tongress since his election as public printer; and
that all paper used by the public printer for the space ofsixty
days from this date, shall be furnished by him at cost, an#
be of the quality and description specified in tbe law paaaei
at this session of Congress."
The sixty day* expiredabont the lstof Novem*
