78
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec 16-,
me, 1 will say that the Superintendent of the Pub-
lic Printing was before the Committee on Printing
this morning when we deliberated upon the sub-
ject, and ^ave us the information which we have
communicated to the House.
Mr. OAR ITER. Well, sir, we have no report
aetttn; forth the necessity of this increase. We
have not the details here. Now, it will be found
in practical experience, that the Committee on
Prmting will have to discharge its customary func-
tions in reference to the printing of the two Houses
of Congress; and it will be found by experience
that even in orders from the Departments of the
Government that they will have to provide proof-
readers, in order that the heads of the Departments
may know from competent authority—from author-
ity under their own supervision—that the docu-
ments are correctly printed.
Now, for the purpose of putting the House in
the possession of facts, 1 move the postponement
of the consideration of this resolution for a week.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Postpone it indefinitely.
• Mr. CARTTER. One week is enough.
The question was then taken, and the motion
was agreed to.
PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE THE TARIFF.
Mr. HOUSTON. I* now move that the rules
be suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Will the
gentleman from Alabama give way for one mo-
ment ?
Mr. HOUSTON. I have already given way
three times, and do not feel inclined to do so any
more.
Mr. STEVENS. I desire to withdraw the ob-
jection I made to the proposition made by the gen-
tleman from Michigan, [Mr.Stuart,] in reference
to the extension of the time for closing debate.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then I yield.
Mr. STEVENS. At the time I made the ob-
jection I was not aware that the chairman of the
Committee on Ways and Means [Mr. Houston]
had the floor, and proposed to make some remarks
upon the subject. I am very desirous to hear his
views upon the subject, and I withdraw the objec-
tion.  
Mr. STUART. I tb«n renew the motion.
The SPEAKER. At what'time doea the gen- ,
ttemaa propose to dose debate? I
Mr. STUART. I move that the debate be ter- !
minated at three o'clock. I
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object to three !
o'clock.
Mr. STUART. Then I adhere to two o'clock,
in order to get over the objection.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I object to that
hour.
Mr. STUART. No gentleman in this House
was ever cut off from the floor which he had by
right; and I really shall be sorry, for one, to see
this House now refuse to the gentleman from Al-
abama [Mr. Ho08ton] its ordinary courtesy.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I object.
Mr. HOUSTON. I renew the motion that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve it-
self into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Commiueeof the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Stci*t in the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN. The business before the
. committee is the consideration of the annual mes-
sage of the President of the United States. The
time limited for closing debate upon that subject, 1
was yesterday at two o'clock. That time having 1
passed, it is the duty of the Chair to execute the
order of the House, and the Clerk will therefore
proceed to read the resolutions in order; when, '
under another role, they will be open to amend-
ment as they are read.
Mr. HOUSTON. What would be the decision
of the Chair if f should make the point, that under
a rule of the House, the mover of a proposition,
or one who reports from a committee, has the
rightto add re** the House after debate has closed?-
Would the Chair decide that I have, or have not, >
the right to make a speech ?
The CHAIRMAN. The rule to whieh the '
gnuleffuu) from Alabama alludes, as the Chair j!
recollects it, has referenceto propositions reported
from committees; and if the gentleman says he
made this report as chairman of the Committee
on Ways and Means, the Chair will decide that
he is entitled to the floor.
Mr. HOUSTON. I did not have the subject
before the Committee on Ways and Means at all,
and cannot avail myself of the benefit of the Chair-
man's decision.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair then decides
that the resolutions having been introduced upon
individual motion, the gentleman has no right to
the floor.
Mr. HOUSTON. I might have had the floor
on yesterday, if I had objected to the obituary
proceedings at that time. I do not regret now,
under the circumstances, that I have lost my right
to speak, although then entitled to it.
The CHAIRMAN. If thegentleman will sus-
pend a moment, the Chair will consult the rules
upon the question.
Mr. CLiNGMAN. I hopelhat by general con-
sent the gentleman from Alabama will be allowed
to proceed. I think no one will object under the
circumstances.
Mr. FICKLIN. It cannot be done.
Mr. HOUSTON. I withdraw the point I made,
and ask for the reading of the resolutions.
The first resolution, which was then read, was
adopted, as follows;
" 1. Resolved, That so much of the annual message of the
President of the United States to the two Houses of Con-
gress at the present session as relates to our foreign affairs,
together with the accompanying correspendence in relation
thereto; to further legislation for the protection and pun-
ishment of foreign consul* residing in the United States; to
a revival, with modifications, ofthe act of the 10th of Mareb,
1838; to restrain unlawful military expeditions against the
inhabitants of contermiuous States or Territories; to the
fulfilling ourtreaty stipulations with Mexico,—be referred to
the Committee on Foreign Af&ir*." >
The second resolution was then read, as fol-
lows:
"2. That so mnch of said message as relates to the exist-
ing tariff, and recommends a revision and change of its pro-
visions ; so much as relates to the general condition of the
Treasury and finances of the Government; to the revenue
and the prevention of frauds in its collection ; the public
debt and its payment; the estimated receipts and expendi- j
tures for the ensuing fiscal year,—be referred to the Commit- i
tee on Ways and Means." ^ j
The CHAIRMAN. To the second resolution ! 1
of the aeries, the gentleman from New Yprk
[Mr. Brooks] propose* an amendment, which
will be read by the Clerk.
The amendment of Mr. Brooks was read, as
follows:
" Except so much of the message as relates to the tariff
and revenue from customs, which shall be referred to a
select committee of seven, with power to examine wit-
nesses, and to collect testimony, here and elsewhere, and
with instructions to report by biil or otherwise, on or before
the 35th of January next."
And to this amendment the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Jones,] proposes to insert, after
the word " otherwise," the following, viz: j
" And if by bill, preserving the ad valorem principle, and
reducing the existing duties on imports, with a view to the
collection of no more revenue than shall be necessary to
defray the legitimate expenses of the Government economi-
cally administered."
And the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Lock-
hart,] proposes the following substitute for the '
resolution and amendment:
£t That so much of the President's message as relates to
tariff, be referred to a select committee of seven, which
committee be, and the same is hereby, instructed to report
a bill on or before the fourth Monday in January next, to
graduate and reduce the tariff to a revenue standard."
The question is first upon the adoption of the
amendment proposed by the gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. J ones'] to that presented by the gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Brooks.]
Mr. LOCKHART. I wish to withdraw the
substitute which I offered the other day, and to
offer in its place the one I send to the Clerk's ta-
ble. -1
_ The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman can have
it read at this time, for the information of the com-
mittee, but it is not in order to offer it now.
The proposed substitute was then read, as fol-
lows:
Except so much of the message as relates to the tariff and
revenue from customs, which shall be referred to a select
committee of seven,with power to examine witnesses and to
collect testimony, here and elsewhere; which committee is
hereby tastructed to report a hill on or before the first Mon-
day in FeJunary next, to graduate and reduce the tariff to a
revenue standard; and in framing such bill said committee
ta?ff ig4gas Prac"c,l,'e  conform to the principles of the
The CHAIRMAN. The question is upon the
adoption of the amendment offered by the gentle-
man from Tennessee, to that offered by the gentle-
man from New York.
Mr. FICKLIN. I ask for tellers upon it.
Mr. BROOKS. I ask a division of thai amend-
ment, if it be in order. I desire to have it divided
into two parts, making the words " preserving the
ad valorem principle" as one part, and the words
" reducing the existing duties on imports, with a
view to the collection of no more revenue than
shall be necessary to defray the legitimate ex-
penses of the Government economically adminis*
tered," the second part.
Mr. RICHARDSON. It is not divisible; it is
a single proposition.
Mr. JENKINS. Is it in order to move to strike
out a portion of the amendment to the amend-
ment ?
The CHAIRMAN. Not at this time. That
would be in the nature of an amendment, which
would not be admissible. The Chair thinks the
amendment offered by the gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Jones] is not divisible. The question
is upon its adoption, and upon that tellers are de-
manded.
Mr. BROOKS. Do I understand the Chair to
decide that this amendment, embodying two prin-
ciples—first, the ad valorem principle, to which the
House may be opposed; and second, the economi-
cal administration of the Government, of which
the House is in favor—is not divisible ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
the amendment of the gentleman from Tennessee,
is not divisible.
Mr. BROOKS. Not wishing to take an appeal
from the decision of the Chair, I am desirous of
availing myself of the privilege to say, tlwtt while
I oppose-the first branch 
Mr. RICHARDSON. I call the gentleman to
order.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman has made
two or three speeches.
Mr. BROOKS. I have a right to make a speech
in opposition to the amendment, under the rule.
Mr. HOUSTON. The amendment was offered
some three days ago, and it cannot be discussed
now; but amendments which may be offered here-
after, can be discussed.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state to
the gentleman from New York, that in his opinion,
the rule to which he refers applies to amendments
which are offered after the time for closing debate
has arrived, and not to an amendment which is
offered in the Committee of the Whole, before that
time.
Mr. BROOKS. I suggest to the Chair, that
there has been no opposition to this amendment
at all.
Mr. HOUSTON. The amendment has been
discussed.
TheCHAIRMAN. Debate on this amendment
is not in order. The gentleman from New York
will see by reference to the rule, that it applies to
amendments offered after the time fixed by the
House for closing debate, and not to an amend-
ment offered before that time.
Mr. BROOKS. Let the rule to which the Chair
refers be read.
The 34th rule was then read, as follows:
" No member shall occupy more than one hour in debate
on any question in the Howe, or in Committee; but a
member reporting the measure finder consideration from a
committee may open and close the debate: provided, that
where debate is closed by order of the House, any member
shall be allowed, in committee, five mhtute^ to explain any
amendment he may offer, after which any member who shall
first obtain the floor shall be allowed to speak five minutes
in opposition to it, and there shall be no further debate on
the amendment; but the same privilege of debate shall be
allowed in favor of and again M any amendment that may
be offered to the amendment; and neither the amendment,
nor an amendment to the amendment, shall be withdrawn
by the mover thereof, unless by the unanimous consent of
the committee."
Mr. BROOKS. I wish td call the attention of
the Chair to that part of the rule which says:
41 Any member shall be allowed, in committee, five
' minutes to explain any amendment he may offer;
* after which any member who shall first obtain
* the floor, shall be allowed to speak five minutes
4 in opposition to it."
The CHAIRMAN. If the gentleman will go
back to the sentence immediately preceding that,
he will see that the words "provided, that where
debate is closed by order of the House," qualify
the subsequent part ofthe rule.
