1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
79
Mr. JONES, ofTennessee. I think it jvill sat-
isfy the gentleman .from New York that I would
have no right to make a five minutes speech in
opposition to his amendment.
Tellers were then ordered, and Messrs. Brooks,
and Jones of Tennessee, were appointed.
The question was put on the amendment of Mr. ■
Jones, of Tennessee, and the tellers reported— ]
ayes 70, noes 70.
The CHAIRMAN. The tellers report—ayes
70, noes 70.
Mr. CHANDLER. The gentleman from Mis-
souri-[Mr. Darbx] is unable to leave his seat, and
requests that I ask the committee to excuse him.
from passing between the tellers, and that his vote
be recorded in the negative.
[Cries of " Count him!" " He is excused !"]
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Unless the vote is
reopened to all, I shall object. There are a great
many members now present who did not vote,
and who desire to vote in the affirmative.
Mr. CLINGMAN. It is the right of every
member on this floor to vote. The gentleman from
Missouri is unable to walk, and therefore unable
to pass between the tellers. I move, to obviate
all objection, that by common consent, there be a
recount.
[Cries of" Recount!" " Recount!"]
Mr. BROOKS, I object to a recount. There
was no disagreement between the tellers. Whether
the gentleman is included or excluded will not
change the result.
The CHAIRMAN. As the vote now stands,
it is a tie—70 in the affirmative and 70 in the nega-
tive.
A Member. How docs the Chair vote?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would be glad
that the gentleman would withdraw his objection,
bo that a.recount might be ordered.
[Cries of " Let the Chairman vote!" " Let the
Chairman vote!"J
Mr. AVERETT. I was in the Hall when th«
committee divided, but not being aware of the
Precise state of the question did not cast my vote.
also ask to be allowed to .vote.
The CHAIRMAN. If there be no objection
the Chair will order a recount.
[Cries of "Recount!" "Recount!"]
At the request of Mr. Clingman the amend-
ments of Messrs. Bfto oks, and J one s ofTennessee,
were again read.
The CHAIRMAN. The tellers will resume
their places.
Mr. BROOKS. I do not withdraw my objec-
tion to a recount. There was no disagreement
between the tellers as to the count already taken.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understood
that the gentleman had withdrawn his objection,
and directed the tellers to resume their places.
Mr. BROOKS. I never withdrew my objec-
tion.
The CHAIRMAN. If the recount be objected
to, the Chair, as he understands the rule, has the
right on a tie to give the easting vote, and he there-
fore votes in favor of the adoption of the amend-
ment. The amendment is therefore adopted, and
the question recurs on the amendment as amend-
ed.
Mr. STANLY. What became of the question
of the right of the gentleman from Missouri to
vote ?
The CHAIRMAN. His voting was objected
to.
Mr. STANLY. I raise the question of order
that no gentleman has a right to object to his vote.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of the opin-
ion objection.can be made after the result of the
vote has been announced.
Mr. CHANDLER. 1 had risen and endeav-
ored to catch your eye before the- announcement
of the result.
Th"e CHAIRMAN. The Chair would be glad
to allow a recount if it could be done without ob-
jection, but he cannot control the matter.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I make the point, that
whenever a mistake has occurred in voting, or
whenever tellers have left their places before all
members desiring to vote shall have voted, it is
competent for the committee, without reference to
the objection of any member, to order a recount.
In this instance, it appears the gentleman from
Missouri had,not voted. He had a right to vote,
and was endeavoring to vote when the tellers left
their places. I hold, therefore, that there has been
no count; and theobjection of the gentleman from
New York, or the objection of any other gentle-
man, is not to prevent a fair vote—a vote in the
usual mode to ascertain the sense of the commit-
tee. i
[Cries of " That is right!" "That is right!"]
The CHAIRMAN. If the committee will in-
dulge the Chair, he deems it an unusual condition
of things, at least, when a member who has not
the power to walk—being in the committee, and
expressing a desire to vote—is not allowed that
privilege;, and the Chair, under these circum-
stances, will sustain the point made by the gentle-
man from North Carolina, and will now decide
that a recount is in order.
Mr. HALL. I demand tellers.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will consider
this a new count altogether.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Hall, and
Brown of Mississippi, were appointed.
Mr. IIAVEN. What is the question upon
which the committee is to vote?
The CHAIRMAN. The question now is on
the adoption of the amendment offered by the
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] to that
offered by the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Brooks.]
The question was taken, and the amendment
was agreed to, the tellers having reported—ayes
84, noes 80.
Mr. HILLYER. I propose to add the follow-
ing amendment:
Resolved, That in the adjustment of the tariff by the
American Congress, the principle of protection ought to
be abandoned, and duties on imports ought to be laid tor the
purpose of raising revenue ; and that the said committee
be instructed to consider so much of the President's mes-
sage as is referred to them With a view to the modification
of the existing tariff upon the principle herein expressed.
Mr. HILLYER. I have not proposed this
amendment that I may have an opportunity of
submitting a five minutes speech,but my purpose
is to elicit the vote of this committee, and the
House, on a great political question. We have
already determined that the tariff shall be adjusted
on the ad valorem basis. This is not sufficient—
; an ad valorem tariff may be eminently protective.
My amendment proposes something further; that
the tariff shall be adjusted on the principle of free
trade so far as may be compatible with the collec-
I tion of a sufficient revenue. And by its adoption
I we will publish and make known to all classes of
[ our people that our legislation on the subject of the
i tariff will be for the sole purpose of raising reve-
nue, and not to foster one class at the expense of
the rest. This, in my judgment, is just. Ifsur.h
is the determination of the House, the people, and
particularly the capitalists of our country, ought
to know it. It is due to the country, and, in the
present age of cordial intercourse among all na-
tions, it is due to the civilized world we should
announce that the policy of protection is aban-
doned by the American Congress.
I propose by this amendment to lay down the
line straight and clearly marked between the ad-
vocates of a tariff for protection and the advocates
of a tariff for revenue only. It admits of no eva-
sion, no dodging. Those who favor a tariff for
protection must vote one way, and those who fa-
vor a tariff for revenue must vote another. It is
fair, and honest dealing. It announces frankly
and fairly our purpose, se that none need be
deceived. I trust that the proposition will be
adopted. •
• Mr. HOUSTON. 1 am opposed to the whole
proceeding, but have not now the time to state the
reasons why I am so. I think this not the proper
time to revise our revenue system; we should wait
for the next Congress to perform that important
work; and saying thus much I will take my seat.
Mr. JENKINS. 1 demand tellers on the amend-
ment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Harris, of
Tennessee, and Grey were appointed.
The question was then taken, and the amendment
was agreed to; the tellers having reported—ayes
85, noes 41.
• Mr. THOMAS M. HOWE. I submit the fol-
lowing amendment to the amendment:
Resolved, That said committee be instructed to report a
bill imposing specific duties wherever practicable, with a
view to tile prevention of frauds upon the revenue by under-
valuations ; and at the same time to protect (-0 far as spe-
cific, in place of ad valorem, duties will do so) the indus-
trial interesu of our owu country against the competition
of foreign cheap labor and the fluctuating prices of foreign
markets.
Mr^ Chairman, I have offered this amendment
for the purpose, if possible, of eliciting a vote
which shall show to this House and to the coun-
try the position of the American Congress on the
question of protection. I have submitted it in
good faith.
I belong to that school of politicians, although
comparatively a young man, denominated by the
honorable gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Molony]
antiquarians, and I think I represent the senti-
ment of a large majority of one hundred and forty
thousand people, whose representative I am on
this floor. The larger portion of my constituents
think that the whole duty of this Government is
not discharged when it has provided merely rev-
enue for keeping its wheels in motion—merely
money forjhe salaries of a few public function-
aries. They think that one of the highest duties
of Government is to protect the industrial interests
against foreign competition of cheap labor.
As 1 have already said, 1 am anxious to elicit a
vote on this amendment, but not such a one as we
recently had; for 1 think I saw some protectionists
vote the free-trade principle, for the sake of bring-
ing the question made by the gentleman from
Georgia [Mr. Hillyer] into the House, that the
yeas and nays might be had on it. 1 am desirous
of having a vote, so that we may see where parties
stand. My constituents regard it as a duty of
Government to take care of the industrial interests
of the country, and I do not hesitate at all to take
my stand among the antiquarians, and to say that
my sentiments are the antiquated sentiments which
were entertained by the fathers of the Constitution.
Although not educated a professional man, al-
though not called by my profession or pursuits to
consult largely either your statutes or the history
of your legislation, yet I find that the second law
on your statute-books is a revenue law,'which seta
forth, among other objects, in its preamble, that
" in qrder toencourageand protect American labor,
be it enacted," &c.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi. I object to tha
amendment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Howe.] I will not detain the House by ex-
pressing my views 
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. Is this amendment in order? Does
it not conflict with the proposition just adopted
by the committee?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that this
is not a question of order to be decided by the
Chair.
Mr. STANLY. If my friend from Mississippi
[Mr. Brown] does not desire to discuss the amend-
ment, I will consume his five minutes' time, if he
will allow me.
Mr. BROWN. My object was to save time.
I will oblige the gentleman by giving way to him.
Mr. STANLY. I oppose the amendment of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Howe,]
not because I object to any of the principles he
advanced. I heartily concurred in all of them,
for I am a thorough-going protective-tariff man,
giving protection for the sake of protection, with-
out any humbugging " incidental" matters of rev-
enue. I oppose the amendment of my friend
from Pennsylvania because he wants an impossi-
bility. He wants to "fix the position" of this
House upon the tariff. Why, who on earth can
do it? What is the position of our friends of the
Democratic party upon the tariff? You go to
some of the iron men in Pennsylvania, and hear
what they say about it. Why, they out-Herod
Herod, and beat me all hollow. Ask a southern
Democrat about the tariff, and it is the most for-
midable thing in existence. Why, in some parts
of the southern country they sent dowjp the militia
aiid stationed them at bridges to keep off the tariff
of 1842 from overruning the country. [Laughter.]
How are you going to fix the Whig party upon
that subject? They are " fixed already." They
are in a " bad fix." If there is any'life in the
party, I think my friend from New York will
have to blow pretty hard to make it show itself.
[Laughter.] How is my friend from Pennsylva-
nia [Mr. Howe] going to " fix our position" upon
it? What good is he going to do by it? As a
general rule, we Whigs are in favor of protection.
That is one of the things fixed upon us by the
Constitution of the country. We could not get
