80
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 16.
rid of it if we would. I oppose his effort to fix it I
upon us, therefore. When the Kane letter went
to Pennsylvania, which showed that James K.
Polk was a better tariff man than Henry Clay,
the Democratic party in Pennsylvania fixed pro-
tection on themselves; but now they are rather
inclined to be free-traders; and to fix parties now
upon the tariff is, of alt things in the world—with
all respect to my friend from Pennsylvania—the
most impossible thing that could be attempted.
In that State, in the election of 1844, banners were
carried about the streets inscribed with " Polk,
Dalian, and the Democratic protective tariff of
1843." In my country, it was "Stanly's abom-
inable tariff," because I voted for it. It was
" the odious Whig tariff of 1842." Our Dem-
ocratic friends in Georgia would not call it the
" Democratic tariff of 1842." I ask how you are
going to fix their positions ? As well attempt to
" fix" the track of a snake in the sand as fix the
Democratic party on the tariff.
"They wire in and wire out,
And leave the matter Hill in doubt,
Whether the snake that made the track
Was going south, or coming back."
How can you fix such a thing'. I hope that we
will not attempt any improbability. I disapprove
of the whole move of the gentleman from New
York, [iMri Brooks.] If he makes any Bun-
combe home by it, it is no measure for the
Whig party. It is no measure of the Adminis-
tration, as was insinuated a day or two afro. I '
repeat, it is no measure of the Whig party—it is the
Buneombizing of the gentleman from New York.
1 might ask, Where is the Whig party?—to save
the necessity of the question being asked on the
other side of the House. It looks, just now, as if
it was nowhere. Let us, instead of making issues
now, fall with grace. I cry mercy, of my friends.
Let us leave our friends on the other side, in the
full enjnymeat of their power, rather than " fir",
anything on the Democratic party. We may not
rise again soon—we may, as we have before, jfter
those coming into power shall have practiced the
enormities we expect of them. I trust the Whigs
will engage in no contest to Jx the position of
parties now.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Howe's
amendment, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. CLINGMAN. If an amendment be now
i  order, I will«emi one to the Chair, wfcieh 1 de-
sire as an addition to the resolutions already adopt-
ed, in the form of a bill. I desire that the Com-
mittee of the Whole, in reporting to the House,
may not only report resolutions, but something
practical. „
TheCHAIRMAN. Such an amendment would
wot be in order now. The question is on the
amendment offered to the second resolution.
Mr. C ARTTER. 1 offer the following amend-
ment, if it is in order, to come in the fourth line of
the amendment of tile gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Brooks: | " with a view to ultimate free trade
and direct taxation."
I think that we might as well begin to look this
subject square in the face. The history of tariffs
show that they are not reliable for any given
amount of revenue; that they are defective in not
being commensurate with the demands of the Gov-
ernment, or that they are superabundant in the
production of resources for the Treasury. I con-
emre it impossible in the nature of a tariff, that it
can be relied upon as a permanent source of reve-
nue. 1 am apposed to the idea that a tariff should
belevied for revenue purposes alone. In that view
it is a cheat; but ! have not time to elaborate upon
this point;- I will merely declare what my view
of the subject is, without theargument. J am in i
favor of that resolution without the amendment, I
because it abolishes your custom-houses; because I
I believe it is a mere political sanitary measure to
punfy the corruption of your cities, that are be-
coming cancers upon the political being of this
Republic. I am for saving the three millions of
money which w annually squandered upon worth-
less persons, and constitutes to them a fund to
corrupt and eat out the purity of the franchise. I ;
am in favor of it, because it declares the only sen- I!
tiraent that can be recognized under the Constitu- '
two of we United States—that of dealing out to
* 8 measure of equal j
cause it imposes the public burdens upon the
justice in the burden-bearing of this Government,
but it deals out sectional justice to the different
portions of the Union. We hear the complaint
coming up from this region of the Confederacy,
and then from that, that we and they are paying
the taxes of this Government, and all for the pur-
pose of fostering an interest that might lie in a third
section of the Union. Under this resolution, there
can be no complaint of that kind. It brings up
the North, the South, the East, and the West, in
the harness, to bear equally the burdens imposed
by this Government in sustaining it. I am in fa-
vor of it for another reason. I am in favor of it,
because it is the only measure that will ever re-
duce the expenses of this Government to that
standard necessary to the purity of the Govern-
ment and an economical administration of its
functions. You may talk about an economical
administration of the Government with a revenue
tariff, and talk until doomsday, but it will never
arrive.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BROOKS. I wish to offer a few remarks
in opposition to the amendment of the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr.CARTTER] who proposes to amend
my original proposition. In the course of these
remarks, it will be necessary for me to state why
I introduced it. I have been suspected, here and
elsewhere, of sinister objects in introducing a res-
olution for the reduction of the revenue. On the
other side of the House, I have been accused of
throwing a torpedo there for explosion, in order
to be amused with its effects, hi reply to all this,
it is enough for me to say that my previous course
here shows that 1 am not in the habit of indulging
in any such amusements or experiments in this
legislative hall. 1 do not give my votes or base
my acts upon any such principles whatsoever. 1
found before I came here, that in the sub-treas-
ury in the city of New York, in the month of
September last, there were nearly seven millions of
dollars. I found under that accumulated amount
of money in the treasury, that rates of interest
were rising, and that the prices of produce were
falling. I found that capitalists were loath to em-
bark their capital, and the reason of that was, .
that with nearly seven millions in the sub-treas-
| ury, and but a little more" than nine millions in 1
I the banks of the great commercial emporium, there
| waa feaf of a coming panic. . Tosay the least,
there was uneasiness and general distrust in that
I commercial metropolis; and iit order to be relieved
from it, a great effort was made with the Secretary
, of the Treasury in Washington to procure a de-
pletion of the sub-treasury. Democrats as well
as Whigs united in soliciting him to deplete the
Treasury; and their common efforts were success-
ful. In what manner this depletion was effected,
I cannot say, because I have no means of ascer-
taining the movements of that Department, but I
have no reason to doubt that it was rightfully i
done—that it was done according to law, and with
reference to the best interests of the country. Ina ;
very short time the sub-treasury was depleted two ;
or three millions, I cannot say how; but I ven- ;
ture to say that if we had the power of examin-
ation, it would be found that it was depleted by ,
depositing large amounts of money in the hands of
disbursing officers of the Government. If you had
the means of ascertaining the amount of money in
the hands of these disbursing officers of the Gov- ;
ernment, I think you would find between six and
seven millions of dollars. I
Whenever these ^cumulations become large in i
the great commercial emporium of the country,
there must be an instant depletion, inorderto save i
commerce and the trade from its effects, or the
panics attendant upon them. Seeing this state of
things, knowing, too, that the Secretary of the I
Treasury, the Government, the merchants, the
manufacturers, and the capitalists deplored it, I
was anxious for the instant reduction of the rev- !
entie, and hence my proposition was introduced to '
enlarge the free list, and to reduce the duty upon
articles coming into competition with our manu-
facturers. Was there any sinister object in that? j
ijr,ePresentat'*'e of the commercial emporium,-
could I do otherwise than lay my views before the
House and before the country, and ask for leeiti- I.
mate Congressional relief? If this surplus is to
i riTc s,re«— .•>• • i
|| lavish expenditure* in this House. I venture to
! 1 say, if this state of thine* continues even after the
Secretary of the Treasury shall disburse what
amount of money may be proper to the purchase
of the public debt, (of which over eleven millions
were paid last year, and about sixteen millions,
in principal ana interest, the year before,) after
making all the useful appropriations for carrying on
the Government, there will then be, the revenue all
the while increasing, a general scramble and grab
throughout the country for the surplus of the
Treasury.
I~have^the highest respect'for Congress, but I
know that Congressmen can no more resist the
; temptation of fifteen or twenty millions thrown
before them, than any other individuals, if a like
amount were thrown before them, on Pennsyl-
vania avenue, Broadway, or Wall street, could
resist a like temptation. Consressmen will appro-
priate golden eagles just as others would—for the
temptation is too great to be resisted by mortal
man. To rescue ourselves from that temptation,
to make Congress economical, to hold us faithful
toourtru8ts,and in order to keep down the amount
the sub-treasuries, to save us from panics, inrom-
merce and trade, 1 offered my proposition in good
faith 
[Here theJiannmer fell.]
Mr. CLINGMAN. I will Dow offer the amend-
ment to the resolution, which I sent to the Clerk's
desk just now, and I ask that it may be read.
The Clerk read the amendment, viz:
Add the following:
And that all railroad Iran'now imported by any raflroid
company, (or railroad purposes, upon which the duties have
not been paid in cash, shall be free from duty; ami ill rail-
road iron hereafter imported by any railroad eaupany, for
railrimit purpose, shall be admitted free of duty, nnder such
regulation!! as the Secretary of the Treasury inav prescribe,
toeuard againet fraudulent evasions of the ex Minir revenue
laws—he being authorised to require bond* of all importers
of said railroad iron, on condition to show that the iron an
imported has bettn used in the construction of some railroad,
Within the term of three years from the date of that import-
ation, or in lieu thereof they pay double the amount of the
existing duly oa bar-iron.
1 have but a single word to say with reference
to that amendment 
| _ Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to inquire'
[ if this is offered as an amendment to the inscruc-
! tions or not ?
j Mr. CLINGMAN. No, sir, it is offered u **
bill.
I Mr. JONES. Then it cannot be entertained
' here.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I desire that when the
chairman of this committee reports the resolutions
to the House, they shall be accompanied by this
bill,- There is an enacting clause to it, but the
j Clerk did not read it.
| Mr, HOUSTON. Is that bill in order in con-
f nection with the resolutions now pending? it
seems to me that it is clearly out of order.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Of course the committee
can report the resolutions to the House, and a bill
also, like"any other committee. They frequently
report bills to the House.
TheCHAIRMAN. The Chair is of opinion
that if this amendment of the gentleman from
North Carolina was offered as a part of the in-
structions to the special committee proposed to be
raised, it would be in order, but that if not so of-
fered, it would not be in order.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I do not offer it in any
such form. I shall therefore appeal from the de-
cision of the Chair. If .there is any one princi-
ple 
Mr. HOUSTON. I call the gentleman to order.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I have a right to state the
point upon which I base my appeal.
Mr. HOUSTON. No, sir, the gentleman has
no right to state his reasons for taking the appeal.
He has a right to appeal, but the point of order is
stated by the Chair.
TheCHAIRMAN. The Chair"will state the
question as he understands it.
. Mr. CLfNGMAN. I wish to state what mo-
tion I make. The Chair does not peem to have
understood my motion. I do not offer this as an
addition to the instructions. I offer it as a bill
which I desire the committee to report to the
House. I have no objection to their reporting
resolutiohs; but the subject of the tariff being re-
ferred to us in the annual message of the Presi-
dent, we have a right to report any bill, as well as
any resolutions.
