THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
3"A) Congress, Jsi> Session-.
MONDAY, DECEMBER 20, 1852.
Neiv Series....No. 6.
Mr. I It H'STOX. 1 c.-vi t'le gentleman to order.
l'heC I1 AIU MAX. The sent Inn.in ['rum North
Cnrohna Mr. Clivumw] oilers an amendment to
the amendment of the seiukman from New Yoik,
(Mr. as now amended. That amend-
ment is a (>('■, and the Chair decides that the
amendment, offered in that stiape at this time, is
no: in onier. Prom this decision the gentleman
from .N'or'.li Caodma appeals.
Mr. CLINGMAX". it" 1 am to understand the
Ctisir as no.d.ns :hat I mav oiler the bill at another
Ume, I Hill not detain the committee now.
1 he CH AI KM \X. The Chair has no doubt
that it mav l e offered.
Mr. CLIXGMAX. Then I withdraw the ap-
peal and my amendment.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to inquire
of tne Chair it the rules of the Hou*e do not pre-
scribe now bills shall be introduced ? If so, sir,
wtieT m the House, neither the gentleman from
North Carolina, nor any other mem!>er, could in-
troduce a biii without the unanimous consent of
the House. Another portion of the rules pre-
scribes that the rules of the House shall apply to
the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. CLINGMAN, (interrupting.) What is
the question liefore the committee?
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman from North
Carolina has withdrawn his amendment, and that
question is not, therefore, before the committee.
Tne CH AIRM AN. The gentleman from North
Carolina has withdrawn his proposition.
Mr. JONES. He could not introduce a bill
here without unanimous consent.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Certainly I could. It
has been done repeatedly in the Committee of the
Whole on the -<ta'e of the Union.
The CHAIRMAN then put the question on
Mr. Brooke's amendment as amended, and de-
clared that it was rejected.
Mr. MEADE. 1 wish to offer an amendment
to trie resolution now before the House.
Mr. HOLSTON. The question, as I under-
stand it, now comes up upon the adoption of the
amendment to the original resolution as amended;
the committee have never adopted it.
Mr. HALL. They have rejected it.
The CHA IRM AX. The committee have just
rejected the amendment offered by the gentleman
from New \ ork, and the question now is upon
the adoption of ihe second resolution.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Do I under-
stand the Chair to state that a vote has been taken
upon the amendment of the gentleman from New
Tt ork as amended ?
The CHAIRMAN. The question has just
been taken upon that amendment, and it has been
reiec>ed.
"Mr. STEPHENS. No person in this part of
the House understood it. I therefore asji that the
vote may be retaken, and I ca.ll for tellers upon it.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I understood it
perfectly well.
Mr. STEPHENS. No eentleman here did.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Georgia desires that the vote may be again taken
upon the amendment of the gentleman from New
\ ork as amended. Is there any objection ?
Mr. SK ELTON. I object.
Mr. BROOKS. What became of the substitute
for my amendment submitted by the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Lockhart] ?
The CHAIRMAN". The Chair begs pardon.
The gentleman from New York is correct. The
question now is on the substitute propbsed bv the
gentleman from Indianafor the amendment of the
gentleman from X'ew York.
Mr. STEPHENS. How could the question
ever have been taken on the amendment offered
by the gentleman from New York until the substi-
tute for it was disposed of?
The CHAIRMAN. It ought not to have been
taken.
Mr. STEPHEX'S. Very well; then I insist
Upon a new vote.
fne CHAIRMAN. The Chair had for a mo-
ment forgotten the pendency ot the substitute,
6
which of course must have been voted upon prior
to the question being taken upon the amendment
of the gentleman from New York. The question
now is upon the substitute of the gentleman from
Indiana.
iMr. JOHX'SON, of Georgia. I ask for tellers.
Mr. HILLYElt. When the sub .stitute offered
by the gentleman trom Indiana is disposed of, upon
what will the question then recur?
Ihe CHAIRMAN. The vote wilNthen be
taken on the amendment of the gentleman from
New \ork as amended, unless the substitute
should be adopted. If it is adopted, of course
there is an end of the amendment.
Mr. BROOKS. As 1 understand the substitute
of the gentleman from Indiana, I can vote for it.
I believe the object of it is   
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman has not a
right to the floor to discuss the substitute.
Mr. BROOKS. Then I offer the following as
an amendment to the substitute:
And that said committee be instructed to bring in a bill
enlarging tlie free list and reducing tlie duties upon such
articles ot'iorriini growth or production as do not come into
competition with tlie agriculture or manufactures of the
L"nited States.
Mr. Chairman, I indulge in some hope, from
the vote of 84 to 80, taken awhile ago, that the
substitute with tills amendment will be carried. It
is hardly necessary for me to repeat, even to my
friends upon this side of the House, that it is ne-
cessary to meet this question of a reduction of the
revenue, or else it is necessary to transfer to our
opponents a large surplus revenue for the purpose
of the most extravagant expenditure of the public
money. On the one side we have to meet the cri-
sis of a ruinously large surplus revenue; and on
the other side we have to deprive our opponents,
if we can,of the disbursement of a large amountof
public revenue,largely beyond the necessary wants
of this Government.
From the votes which I have seen upon the
other side of the House, it is clear to me now that
there is a strong disposition there not to reduce
the tariff, not to reduce the taxes to the wants of
the Government, but to keep hold of this surplus,
and to expend it in some manner or other beyond
what reason, prudence, or justice requires. Their
leading principle once was, or seemed to be, the
collection of only a sufficient revenue for the eco- 1
nomical wants cf the Government; but now they
resist every movement for the reduction of taxes,
and every suggestion that would curtail the tempt-
ation for wasteful expenditures. Now, in July
last there were, as the President's message state*,
between $14,000,000 and $15,000,000" surplus
revenue in the Treasury, which surplus has been
going on accumulating ever since. And yet, sir,
from the other side of the House, with this great
fact before us, I cannot obtain a vote, a practical
vote, which goes for a reduction of the revenue at
all ! They talk against protection and against
high taxes, but it is all talk; for they refuse To act.
What am I to understand from this? What are
the people to understand ? That the $15,000,000
surplus in July is to go on accumulating? Oh,
no; I, even, with these votes before me how, do
not indulge in any such delusive belief. When
I see such voting as I have been seeing to-day,
I have no idea, with the incoming Administra-
tion ahead, that it is intended to save anything, !'
but the policy is to be "spend all." Sir, never |
will there be any surplus in the Treasury with the :
present signs before us. Some excuse or other
will be devised for getting rid of it all. !
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Jones] i'
said the other day, that we might perhaps get into !
awar. Well,if war be necessary to disperse (his I1
surplus, and the money is wanted by speculating
politicians, war will come—war about Cuba, war
about Mexico, war about anything or everything
cupidity can invent. There will be no surplus, be-
cause the expenditures of this Government will be
purposely increased to be rid of it all. The ap-
propriation bills will be so shaped, and there will
be such an increase of the expenditure as to ab-
sorb a surplus if it were five times as large as it
now is. I say, then, to my Whig friends, that
it is necessary for us to prepare for that state of
things, and to show the other side thut we are
willing to reduce the revenue to an economical
administration of the Government. And if thev
will not accept such a proposition, the inference is
fair, that they do not mean to administer the Gov-
ernment economically, but to raise taxes from the
people in older to squander the proceeds away.
I say to you on the other side, you have a ma-
jority in this House, and can appoint a committee
to suit yourselves. The Speaker is one of your
own party—will make a committee to suit you,
and you can do whatever you desire to do in
your own way. And when you have got that
committee, and they have brought the subject-
matter before the House, it is your duty to do
something, unless you choose to expend and
waste, the surplus now on hand, or to allow that
surplus to go on accumulating.
I indulge the hope, therefore, vain as may be
all hope here, that my amendment to the substi-
tute of the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Lock-
hart] will be adopted by all sides of the House,
and that then the amended substitute will prevail.
Let us meet this subject now. It is said, put it
off— a new Administration is coming in,—put it
off. Mr. Chairman, if you put it off" now, you
put it off for two years to come. The next Con-
gress meets in December next, a year from now,
but you cannot get any practical action upon a
tariff bill like this, before July or August, and it
will not go into operation before the December
followine, for you must give the public notice and
time; and thus it will be two years before you can
have any practical action upon the reduction of the
revenue, if you do not act now.
But, nevertheless, gentlemen continue to delude
us with the idea, that the incoming Administration
will do all this. The outgoing Administration,
they say, have no right to interfere with their
affairs, or even to change the revenue laws at all.
Why, sir, if there were anything in ail this talk,
is that any reason why this Congress should re-
fuse to do what the advancers of such a reason
.admit to be a public good? How do you expect
to rlmnge the tariff, but by the Senate and House
, of Representatives ? The'Executive does not cre-
ate laws. Will you have a better majority in the
next Congress than you have in this? You have
sixty majority in this House and ten or fifteen in
the other House, and what advantage do you ex-
pect from the incoming Congress or the incoming
Administration, more tiian from this? There is
no reason, then, in any such talk as this, but it is
a mockery of reason, the whole of it, from begin-
ning to end. You know as well as 1 do, that un-
less you act the present session, it will be two
years before you can have a bill in operation to
reduce the revenue; and you know, too, full well,
that you are laying more taxes than the incoming
Administration needs.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SWEETSER. Mr. Chairman, I did not
intend to have participated in this discussion.
But there seems to be an anxiety upon the part of
some gentlemen here to arraign "the incoming Ad-
ministration and the Democratic party in advance
of their taking the reins of Government. Sir, I
do not know by what authority the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Brooks] undertakes to do
this. He seems to be alarmed at the surplus now
in the Treasury of the United States. I have
served with that gentleman in this House for the
last three or four years, and this is the first evi-
dence we have had that the Whig party in the
country was desirous of cutting down the expenses
of the Government. But it seems that for once,
they have not been able with their extravagant
expenditures, to exhaust the amount of revenue
collected. This is the first time since the adoption
of the tariff of 1846 that we have had this surplus,
and I am not alarmed about it.
I do not stand here to-day, as a member of the
Democratic party of the country, to be arraigned
in advance for squandering the public money in
the Treasury without authority of law, or to per*
