84
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. IT,
diily ; ind all railroad iron hereafter imported by any rail-
road company, for railroad purposes, shall be admitted free
of duty under such regulations as the Secretary of the
Treasury may prescribe, I" guard against fraudulent evasions
of the existing revenue law*, he being authorized lo require
bonds of all importers of said railroad iron, nn condition
to show that the lion so imported has been used in the con-
struction <*' some railroad within the term of three years
from the dale of that importation, or in lieu thereof, they
pay double the amount of the existing duties on bar-iron.
Mr. C. said: 1 have offered this proposition that
the sense of the committee may be tested on its
subject-matter. I am of the opinion, from what
has occurred at this and the last session, that a
majority of the members of the House are in fa-
vor of the repeal of the <luty on railroad iron im-
ported into this country. There are three or four
objects which gentlemen seem to have in view.
The principal one appears to be a reduction of du-
ties. Now, if such a law as 1 propose had been in
operation last year, the revenue, according to the
statement furnished by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury at the close of the last session, would have
been reduced about one and a half million of dol-
lars. I have no doubt that for the time since the
reduction would have been greater—perhaps not
less than two millions of dollars. We shall, there-
. fore, by the adoption of my proposition, get rid of
a portion of the accrning surplus in the Treasury.
I stated last session on the floor of this House
that there were only three establishments in Penn-
sylvania making railroad iron. That statement was
founded on information furnished me by a com-
mittee of iron manufacturers from that State who
came to this city. So that'the passage of this
proposition will only at the outside stop three or
four establishments. It will, on the other hand,
enable every State in this Union—because I be-
lieve every State is engaged in the construction of
railroads—to get their railroad iron cheaper. I
hope, therefore, Mr. Chairman, that gentlemen
on all sides who are willing to relieve the commu-
nity from this duty, will come up to the support
of my proposition.
Mr. MEADE. I will ask the gentleman from
North Carolina whether the provisions of this bill
are not the same as those which existed previous
to the law of 1842
Mr. CLINGMAN. I was about to speak to
that point. 1 am obliged to my from Virginia for
' propounding the inquiry. It ia true, that prior to
the year 1842 there never was any duty on railroad
iron, and then it waa that the northeastern and
most of the Atlantic cities begah (heir railway sys-
tems, and constructed most of their roads. This
has been urged again and again as a reason why
the new States should now be placed on the same
footing.
Mr. CHANDLER. Does the gentleman -state
that the provisions of his proposition are precisely
the same as those of the law existing previous to
1842?
Mr. CLINGMAN. Under that law railroad
iron might be introduced free of duty, under cer-
tain restrictions. I have not copied its precise
language, but the substance is the same. The
last provision was thought necessary that persons
might not,under pretense of importing railroad iron,
bring in other iron. The Secretary of the Treas-
ury is authorized to require bonds of all importers
of railroad iron, on condition to show that the
iron imported has been used in the construction
of some railroad within the period of three years
from the date of importation, or to forfeit double
the amount of the existing duty on bar-iron. The
former law was not in the same words, but it was
identical in substance with the present proposition.
I will now say a word in reply to my friend
from Tennessee. There are certain gentlemen
who object to increasing the free list, or to make
railroad iron free of duty, unless the duties on
other kinds of iron be repealed. I will remind
the gentleman that nine times as much railroad
iron is imported into this country as all the other
kinds of bar-iron; so that by the passage of my
proposition into law you would relieve the com-
munity of nine tenths of the duty on all the bar-
iron imported. In answer to gentlemen who urge
that it is inconsistent with the principles of the
tariff of 1846, I will say that they have not read
the law if they do not find a large free list there; '
and I only propose to transfer railroad iron from'
the thirty per cent, schedule to the free list. It
does not infringe, in any manner, on the princi-
ples of the tariff-of 1846.
[Here the hammer fell.]
| Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, obtained the floor,
but yielded to
Mr, CHANDLER. I am opposed to the prop-
osition of the gentleman from North Carolina,
[Mr. Clin'gmak.] It strikes at the very heart of
the manufacture of iron in this country. It pro-
poses to take from the manufacturers of iron the
only means left to them to make profit. 1 am op-
posed to it, because there is foisted on it an at-
tempt, as I understand, to free certain railroads of
the South from the payment of duties ijn railroad
iron due for several years. I will .resist any at-
tempt of the kind to entrap us into it, however,
I might vote on a direct motion. I am generally
opposed to it, because I do not think that iron is
a proper article to be inserted into the free list.
Besides^ do not share in the apprehensions of my
esteemed friend fronflNew York, [Mr. Brooks,]
of danger from the surplus revenue in the Treas-
ury. I have no idea that the Democratic party
that is coming into power are going to ruin the
country with it. They may more likely ruin
themselves with it; and God knows that I wish
tfcem God speed in doing so. [Laughter.] I
would be glad to know at any time they had rope
enough to hang themselves politically with. [Re-
newed laughter.] There is no danger. If I un-
derstood the proposition from its reading, it is an
attempt of its author to do what the House has
refused to do—to forgive railroad companies of
the South duty due by them for iron imported
into the country.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I ask the gentleman the
companies he refers to. I know of none such.
Mr. CHANDLER. Thegentlemairtmght not
to be so ignorant of the wants of his State. He
advocated them very cleverly at the last session.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Those companies have
paid the duties due by them to the Government.
Mr. CHANDLER. They will want them re-
funded. There willbeageneralapplicationto this
House to refund all money paid on railroad iron
by way of duty. It is unjust to the manufactu-
rers of iron of the country—it is unjust to those
who develop the resources of our Union to place
: so important an article on the free list. Let noth-
ing go on the free list except that which will not
come into competition with the industry and cap-
ital of the country. 1 wijl consume the time of
the committee no further. *
Mr. THOMAS M. H<JWE obtained the floor,
but yielded to
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, who moved that
the committee rise; which motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose, and theSpeaker
having resumed the chair, the chairman of the com-
mittee [Mr. Stuart] reported that the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union had had
the state of the Union generally under considera-
tion, and particularly the annual message of the
President of the United States, and had come to
no resolution thereon.
WIDOW OF MAJOR GENERAL WORTH.
Mr. POLK. I move, with the indulgence of
the House, the reappointment of the Committee on
Conference on the bill for the relief of the widow
of Major General Worth, which fell between the
two Houses on account of the expiration of the
session.
[Cries of " Agreed !" " Agreed."]
Mr. SKELTON. I object. i
The SPEAKER, (Mr. Jones in the chair.) ;
The Chair is of the opinion, that the Committee on
Conference expired with the adjournment of the
session.
Mr. POLK. I have consulted with the chair- j
i man of the committee on the part of the Senate,
I and he slated that he would move the reappoint-
i ment of that committee, and thatit would beneces- ;
sary to have the committee on the part of the i
House reappointed. If the gentleman from New I
Jersey persists in his objection, I will move a sus- '
pension of the rules. i
The SPEAKER. It is not in order to move to |
; suspend the rules, except on Monday.
Mr. POLK. I will, then, appeal to the gentle-
man to withdraw his objection.
Mr. SKELTON. I cannot withdraw my ob-
jection. I am unwilling to give pensions to the
widows of officers of the army, and deny them
to the widows of soldiers.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. I offer the
I following resolution:
I R $olvtd, That there be published for the use of tha
House of Representatives ten thousand copies, in pnmphlet
! form, neatly bound, of the obituary notices of the death of
I Daniel Webster.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I object.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee, moved that the
House adjourn; which motion was agreed to.
And the House thereupon adjourned till to-
i morrow at twelve o'clock, m
PETITIONS, &c.,
The following petitions and memorials were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. SMART: The petition of the heirs of Lieutenant
Bthjamin Show, Massachusetts continental line, for com-
mutation pay.
By Mr. WASHBURN: The petition of Berlin Bean and
others, for a post route from Dexter, Maine, via West Do-
ver, Dover Souih Mills, and Dover, to Foxcroft. Maine.
By Mr. PORTER: The petition ofMichael R. Bower, ad-
ministrator of Major Edward Waller, late of Virginia, for
the payment of a pension due for the revolntionar) services
of said Waller.
By Mr. MILLSON: The memorial of Mrs. Virginia
Rntter, widow of Dr. Edward J. Rntter, late a surgeon of
the United States Navy, asking to be included in the benefits
of the act of 1850, granting extra pay to those who Berved
in California. "
By Mr. JOHNSON, ofTennessee: The memorial of John
Singletary, James Hally, A. Jolle, and ISO others, citizens
of Conterance, Johnson county, Tennessee, praying the
establishment of a mail route from Elizabethton, in Carter
county, to Shady, in Johnson county.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Fridat, December 17, 1852.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Rev. James Gallaher.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. I ask the indul-
gence of the House to take up Senate bill No.
448, and to accompany that motion with a short
explanation. The bill simply provides for au-
thorizing the Secretary of the Treasury to issue
a register to vessels of foreign build when pur-
chased and repaired, and when such repairs shall
exceed or be equal to three fourths of the original
cost; and is intended to embrace the class of cases
which occur from time to time, and which require
the special act of Congress authorizing the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to issue registers to such
vessels. It is apparent to every one, that a gen-
eral law giving the Secretary of the Treasury that
power would prevent the annoyance of Congress
with these individual cases. I therefore ask that
the bill be taken up and put upon its passage.
Mr. BROOKS. I wish to ask the gentleman
from Maine [Mr. Fuller] if this bill meets with
the general support of the shipping interests?
Mr. FULLER. It does not change the present
rule at all. It is the every-day practice, as I un-
derstand it, to authorize, by special act, the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to issue registers to the
class of cases provided for in this bill.
Mr. BROOKS. Has this matter been exam-
ined by any committee?
Mr. FULLER. The bill was considered in
the Senate, and passed through that body. The
subject has been referred to the Committee on
Commerce in this House, and I am authorized to
report the bill from said committee with certain
verbal amendments.
Mr. BROOKS. I have no doubt the purpose
is good.
Mr. STUART. I understood the gentleman
from Maine [Mr. Fuller] to ask the unanimous
consent of the House to take this bill from the
Speaker's table. I now understand him to ask
the consent of the House to make a report from
the Committee on Commerce. I should like to
understand how it is.
Mr. FULLER. The bill has been upon the
Speaker's table. A similar bill has been before
the Committee on Commerce nf this House, ana
the subject there has been fully considered. In-
asmuch as legislation has commenced in the other
end of the Capitol upon the subject, it was thought
preferable to take this course with this bill, with
the addition of mere verbal amendments which
have been^suggested, and which will make the bill
retrospective as well as prospective, and save
legislation on each particular case.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I will state to
the gentleman from Michigan, that the authority
toreportthis bill from the Committee on Commerce
was by dn informal understanding with each mem-
ber of the committee, who understood the nature
