1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
89
Mr. HOUSTON demanded the previous ques- ||
. tion on the passage of the bill; which was sec- |
omled, an1' the main question ordered to be put.
The bill was then read the third time and passed.
On motion of Mr. Hart, the House thin ad-
journed till Monday next, at twelve o'clock, m.
PETITION 3, fcc.
The following memorials and petition* were presented
aader tUe rule and referred «> the appropriate committees:
By Mr. MURRAV : The memorial of 433 citizens of the
8t*tc of \>'*V York, «B(1 133 citizens oi the Stat" of Michi
(ran, asking for the abolition of the office of national chap-
lain in Congress, in the Army and Navy, and elsewher^
Br Mr. MOORE, of Louisiana: The peii'innofTliomas
Carr and -"J other settlers upon the public land known as
the Grand ClienU-re, praving fl>r preemption riaht.
By Mr. JOVES, of Tennessee : The following petitions
anmst the employment of chaplains hy the United States:
Of Elder Pleasant, A. Wilt, and AVI others, citizens of
Jefferson and adjoiniug counties in East Tennessee;
or'Thomas J. Keiley and 307 others, citizens of Tennes-
%;• Daniel Wilt and 69 others, citizens of Jefferson coun-
ty, Tennessee;
Of Wesley Mauldin and 72 others, citizens of Tennessee;
Of Thomas Pratt and 43 others, citizens of Harris coun-
ty, Georgia;
Of C. H. P. Bailey and 47 others, citizen* of Geotgia;
Of l.evt J. Knizht and ftJ others, ciuzens of Georgia;
Of Thomas F. Henderson and 68 others, citizens of Geor-
P o'f John W. Christian and 90 others, citizen* of Harris
county, Georgia; *
Of Charles Pellam and >5 others, citizens of Alabama;
Of Joshua Dodson, Spencer Leatherwood, S. P. Walk-
tr, and 74 others, citizens of Tennessee and Alabama;
Of Craft Clark and 150 others, citizens of Randolph
county, Alabama;
Of Dozier T. White and 64 ethers, citizens of Coosa and
Tallipoosa counties, Alabama;
Of William B. Daniel and 169 others, citizens of Ala-'
;
Of K. Philips and 36 others, citizens of Coosa county,
Alabama;
Of Medey L. White and 7i others, citizens of Coosa
county, Alabama.
IN SENATE.
* Monday, December 20, 1853.
Prayer by the Rev. C. M. Butler.
Mr. Bell, of Tennessee, appeared in his seat
this morning.
PRESIDENT OF THE SENATE.
The SECRETA R Y. The Senate will please to
come to order. With the permission of the Sen-
ate, I will read a letter addressed to me by the
honorable Mr. King, President of the Senate:
Washikqto* City, December 90,1859.
Ton will oblige me by laying before the Senate my letter
of resignation u Presiding Officer of that body.
WM. E. KING.
Assort Diceins, Secretary of the Senate.
The letter of resignation is as follows: j
Washington City, DeeemherW, 1859.
Senators: The feeble state of ray health renders me
nnable to discharge the duties of President fro tem. Ac
cept, I be? you, my resignation of the honorable position
in which you have with so much unanimity placed me.
tn taking leave of you, Senators, permit ine to express
my grateiul acknowledgments for your uniform personal
kindness, aud the generous support you have never failed
to give me in my efforts to preserve order, and enforce the
parliamentary law. May a merciful Providence preserve
to each of you the greatest of all earthly blessings—health.
With the highest respect and esteem, I ain your obedient
servant, WILLIAM R. KI.VG.
CREDENTIALS OF MR. DE SAUSSURE.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. Secretary, I hope that by
unanimous consent, I may be allowed to offer
the following resolution:
Retobed, That the oath prescribed by law, be adminis-
tered to the honorable Willi** F. De Sapssure, as Sen-
' ator from the State of South Carolina, by the honorable
Jons Davis.
I hold my colleague's credentials in my hand,
and I hope the Senate will allow him to be sworn
in. I should not offer the resolution, but that I
have a precedent for it; and that precedent is the
case of Mr. King, when he made his first appear-
ance here, and there was no Vice President. I
find it upon the Journal in thi  way:
"Mr. baYakd submitted the following motion, which
wis considered by unanimous consent and agreed to:
•'Resulted, That the oath of office be administered to the
Hen. Wiluai it. Kino, a Senator elect from the State of
Alabama, by the Hon. Henry Clay."
The SECRETARY. With the consent of the
Senate, I will read the credentials which have been
presented by the Senator from South Carolina.
The credentials were read. They set forth that
the Hon. William F. De Savsstjre was, on the
29th of November, 1852, elected by the Legisla-
ture of South Carolina a Senator in the Congress
of the United States, to fill the unexpired term of
the Hon. R. B. Rhett, resigned, viz: until the 4th
of March, 1853.
The resolution offered by Mr. Butler was
agreed to; and the oath prescribed by law having
been administered by the Hon. John Davis, Mr.
De Saussure took his seat in the Senate. .
PRESIDENCY OF THE SENATE.
On motion of Mr. BRIGHT, by unanimous
consent, it was
Resolcei, That the Hon. David R. Atchison be ap-
pointed President of the Senate pro tempore.
Mr. Atchison,on assumingthe chair,addressed
the Senate as follows:
Senators: Permit me to return my thanks for
the honor again conferred upon me, and at the
same time to express my regret, in common with
every member of the Senate, at the cause which
has produced the necessity for the election of a
Presiding Officer at this time. 1 cannot expect—
it would be a vain expectation indeed—that I can
render to the Senate the same degree of satisfac-
tion as its Presiding Officer that my predecessor
has done; but it may not be in bad taste for me to
say, that I pledge myself at least, as your Pre-
siding Officer, to be impartial in discharging the
duties of the Chair.
On motion by Mr. BRIGHT, it was
Ordered, That the Secretary wait on the President of the
United Suites, and notify him of the election of the Hon.
David R. Atchison as President of the Senate pro lewi-
*°iOrdered, That the Secretary notify the House of Bepre-
semalivea of Ibis election. i
VOTE OF THANKS TO MR. KING.
Mr. DAVIS submitted the following resolu-
tions; which were unanimously agreed to:
Resolved, That the thanks of the Senate be presented to
the Hon. William R. Kino for the ability and courtesy
with which he ha* discharged the duties of President ot the
Senate pre tempore.
Reeolved, That the Senate regret the indisposition of the
Hon. William. R. Kino, which has occasioned his resigua-
PET1T10NS, ETC.
Mr. SHIELDS presented a petition of sundry
citizens of Philadelphia county, Pennsylvania,
praying a modification of the bounty land law;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. WELLER presented the petition of John
O'Donoghue, praying extra compensation for ser-
vices rendered upon the Mexican boundary;
which was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. BADGER presented additional documents :
in relatiqn to the claim of Samuel Mickum; which
were referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs. :
Mr. PEARCE presented the memorial of Cath- j
arine M. Weaver, praying a pension in consider-
ation of the loss of two sons in the Navy; which :
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. MORTON presented a memorial of citi-
zens of Jackson county, Florida, praying that the
office of chaplain in the Army and Navy, and in
Congress, may be abolished; which was referred !
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. DAWSON presented a memorial of the
State of Georgia, in behalf of Kerself and the State
of Alabama, praying indemnity for depredations
committed upon the citizens of those States by the
Creek Indians in 1836 and 1837; which was or-^
dered to be printed. < *
Mr. BRODHEAD presented the proceedings
of a meeting of soldiers t>f the last war with Great
Britain, held in Philadelphia, in favor of a modifi-
cation of the bounty land law, so as to grant to
the survivors of the said war one hundred and
sixty acres of land; which were referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. TOCJCEY presented the petition ofPhuena
Tracy and others, praying that pensions for life
be granted to the surviving widows oivheirs of
those who served in the last war with Great Brit-
ain; which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions. " .
Mr. FELCH presented the petition of Mary
W*Perrine, widow of William E. Perrine, for
herself and children, praying the payment of
whatever amount shall appear, upon investigation,
to be due said Perrine as one of Ihe contractors
on the Louisville and Portland canal; which was
referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. DAVIS. I am requested to present the
memorial of a committee of the Boston Marine
Society. They ask that the law requiring Amer-
ican seamen to be furnished with " protections"
be repealed, and that registered vessels of the
United States engaged in foreign trade should be
required to take a certain number of boys or ap-
prentices, in proportion to the tonnage of the ves-
sel, in order that the number of American seamen *
may be increased. They further ask the Govern-
ment to consider the expediency of establishing
schools for marine purposes, and they set forth
the reasons for the various matters for which they
pray. I move that the memorial be referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
PRINTING THE PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE.
Mr. HAMLIN. The Committee on Printing,
to which was referred a resolution providing for
printing ten thousand copies of the President's
message and accompanying documents, have di-
rected me to report in favor of striking out " ten
thousand,".and inserting " eight thousand," and
adding the following additional resolution as an
amendment:
Resolved, That two thousand copies of a compendium,
in one volume, be printed, to consist of the President's
message and the accompanying reports of the Secretaries
and Postmaster General, with the reports of the Secretary
of the Treasury on the Finances, and on Commerce and
Navigation, with an abstract of the reports frem the heads
of the several Bureaus.
The Senate proceeded to consider the report of
the committee.
Mr. HAMLIN. Ten thousand copies have
been the usual number of the President's message
and documents printed by order of the Senate for
the last few years; but it will be recollected, that
at the last session my colleague called the atten-
tion of the Senate to the propriety of printing a
compendium of these documents m one volume.
The committee have though* it expedient to adopt
the suggestion, so as to reduce the number of full
, documents printed to eight thousand, and also to
print, for the inspection of the Senate, two thou-
sand volumes of the compendium of the message
and documents. If the compendium should be
thought desirable, we can hereafter reduce very
much the number of full documents required.
Mr. BRADBURY. I should have preferred
that, instead of printing an extra number of ten
thousand of the documents in full, a larger num-
ber than ten thousand copies of the compendium
should have been printed; but I perceive, on ex-
amination, that theabstract which was required to
be made by the Senate's resolution of the last ses-
sion, has not been prepared in the manner in
which it was desired to have it done. It is obvious
that the President, in carrying out the resolution
of the Senate, must rely upon the heads of the
Bureaus, of whose reports an abstract was to be
made, to be printed with the message and full
reports of the Departments. Some of these Bu-
reaus, instead of preparing an abstract have sent us
merely an index to their reports. At the last ses-
sion, the documents accompanying the President's .
message made three volumes of some one thou-
sand seven hundred pages, and with the commer-
cial and financial reports, comprised five volumeq
of over two thousand pages. One volume of four
hundred pages would contain everything material
and important in them, and would be a most valu-
able document. Some of the heads of Bureaus
have not madesuch abstractsas isdesirable. They
| seem to have misunderstood the meaning of the
word " abstract," and to have confounded it with
that of " index." I hope, however, that the pub-
lication of the compendium thus prepared, though
imperfect, may lead to the valuable improvement
of having a compendium hereafter. It will show
how far the heads of the several Bureaus pos-
i sessed the ability to understand, or the capacity
or disposition to execute the resolution of-the Sen-
ate. This being ascertained, another year may
remedy the deficiencies that may now be found.
I hope the report will be adopted.
The amendments of the committee were agreed
to, and the resolution as amended was adopted.
LAND OFFICE REPORT.
Mr. BORLAND. The Committee on Printing,
to which was referred the resolution offered by
the Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Felch,] for the
printing of one thousand extra copies of the report
