90
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 20,
of the Commissioner of the General Land Office, I
and the reports of the Surveyors General, for the
use of the General Land Office, have directed me to
report back the resolution, and recommend its adop-
tion. It is proper for me to say, in reference to the
view with which the resolution was referred to the
Committee on Printing:, that on an examination
of thesubject,they found that there vfas no appro-
priation to pay for the printing contemplated by
the resolution, nor is there any appropriation for
paying for any printing whatever which the Senate
or the House of Representatives may order. An
objection was suggested by some Senators when
the resolution was originally offered, that the
amount would have to be paid out of the contin-
gent fund of the Senate. Upon an examination of
the subject, it has been found that there is no ap-
propriation at all out of which it can be paid for,
and an appropriation will have to be made here-
after to pay for the public printing ordered by the
two Houses. By reference to the printing bill of
the last session,by which our system was changed,
it will be found, that although payment forall the
printing which might be ordered by the two
Houses and the respective Departments, was re-
quired to be made at the Treasury, upon the cer-
tificate of the Superintendent of Public Printing,
yet that bill omits to provide an appropriation to
make those payments; so that we shall have to
make a special appropriation, at an early day, if
our printing of any kind is to be paid for at all. 1
ask for the adoption of the resolution at this time.
The resolution was agreed to.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. BORLAND gave-notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a joint resolution to amend
or explain so much of the act of the last session
making appropriations for the improvement of
certain rivers and harbors, as relates to Red river.
Also, a bill to grant portions of public land to
aid in the construction of railroads from Little
Rock, Arkansas, to St. Louis, Missouri,and from
Van Buren, via Fayetteville, Arkansas, to Spring-
field, Missouri.
Mr. WALKER gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill for the construction
of a harbor at Ozankee, on Lak  Michigan, in the
State of Wisconsin.
BASTKOB GRANT. ;
On motion by Mr. DOWNS, it was
Orieret, That the report of the Secretary of the Interior,
in reference to private land claims within the Bastrop
grant, be referred to (he Committee on Private Land Claims.
A motion made by him to print one thousand
extra copies of the report, was referred t6 the
Committer on Printing.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. BRODHEAD, by unanimous consent,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill, ex-
tending the provisions of the several laws granting
b.ounty lands to the officers and soldiers who have
been engaged in the military service of the United
States; which was read a firjt and second time by
its title, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, and ordered to be pjrinted.
THE MEXICAN BOUNDARY.
Mr. CLARKE submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
cent, and agfeed to:
TUMlctt, TBat the Secretary of the Interior be directed
to report to the Senate the amount of the several appro
priation* mad*f br Cotiferew for proweeutlne the survey of
the boundary between Mexico and the United Stated, since
the organization of the Boundary Commission; and also, to
report how much of said appropriations were expended by
Mr. Commissioner Welter, and previous' to the appoint-
ment of Mr. Commissioner Bnriieit", how much was drawn
for and expended by Colonel 1. D. Graham, at one time
Chief Astronomer of the Commission; and how- much lias
been expended by Mr. Bartleu; also, whether any portion
of said appropriation has been expended by others than by
tBeCommtiwioBefs, and by the Astronomer hereinbefore
named; and if so, how much. *
PROPOSED LUNATIC ASYLUM.
Mr. SHIELDS submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Aetaleei, That the Secretary of the Interior be requested'
to inform tlieSenate whether any steps have been laken to
establish a .unatic Asylum in this District; if so. what lias
been done,—pirticularly, whether a site for the asylum'
hm been purchased; and if so, where the same is to be lo-
cated ! the quantity of land purchased, and the price of such
Jaiid„wd whether the purchase is absolute or conditional,
abd what part of the price has been paid; also, huw much
of the appropriation of one hundred thousand dollars is ex- I
pended, and lor what purpose expended.
DANIEL WEBSTER.
Mr. GWIN submitted the following resolu-
tion ; which was considered by unanimous consent,
and agreed to:
Rtsoleed, That the Committee on Printing cause to be
published and bound in pamphlet form, in such manner as
may seem to them appropriate, for the use of the Senate,
ten thousand copies of the addresses made by the members
of the Senate and members of the House of Representa-
tives, together with so innch of the message of the Presi-
dent of the United States, at tiie commencement of the 1
session, as relates to the death of the honorable Daniel
Webster.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives
was received by Mr. P. B. Hates, its Chief Clerk,
announcing that it had passed the bill from the
Senate "to amend the act approved the 31st Au-
gust, 1852, in reference to the appropriation for
continuing the survey of theMexican boundary." ,
Also, the bill from the Senate "authorizing the !
Secretary of the Treasury to issue registers to ,!
vessels in certain cases," with amendments. |'
Also, that it had passed a joint resolution " au-
thorizing the settlement of the account of the pub-
lic printer for paper used by him since the 1st of
November, 1852."
REGISTERS OF VESSELS.
On motion by Mr. HAMLIN, the Senate pro-
ceeded to theconsideration of theamendments of the
House to the bill of the Senate, " auihorizing the
Secretary of the Treasury to issue registers to ves-
sels in certain cases."
Mr. HAMLIN. The first amendment of the
^ House is an unnecessary one; but in order to pre-
vent the necessity of sending the bill back, I hope
the Senate will adopt it. That amendment is to
■ insert the words "or enrollment," after the word
" register." Now, if the law provides for issuing
registers, the parties, on a surrender of the regis-
ters in any home port, may obtain an enrollment
as a matter of course; but there will be no harm
done by the amendment; and I hope, therefore, in
order to obviate the necessity of sending the bill
back to the £louse,it will be agreed to. The other
two amendments of the House are merely verbal,
so as tonjake the bill apply to,the future as well
As to the past. ," i " ,
Theamendments were concurred in.
JAMES A. FAWNS.
On motion by M r. C H A RLTON, the Senate pro-
ceeded, rfs in Committeeof the Whole, to consider
the bill from the House of Representatives for the
relief of James A. Fawns. It proposes to direct >
the accounting officers of the Treasury to adjust
and settle the account of James A. Fawns, late
, I acting pu^r of the United States brig Bairtbridge,
J! allowing to his credit the pay and rations of a
! purser during the time Be acted as such.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a third
time, and passed.
SUCCESSOR TO MR. CLAY.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
resolution submitted by Mr. Gwin on Monday,
the 6th instant, whieh had been modified so as to
read:
" Resolved, That the credentials of Archibald Dixon,
Esq., be referred to the Committee ou the Judiciary, who
■hall consider and report thereon."
The pending question being on the"hmendment
ofMr. Jones, of Tennessee, to strike out all after
the word " Resolved," and insert:
'• That the Hon. Archibald Dixon was duly fleeted by the
Legislature of the State of Kentucky, to fill the vacancy
in the Senate occasioned by the resignation ef the Hon.
Henry Clay, and is entitled to a seat therein "
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, it was my
' wish that this subject should have been referred
, without debate to an appropriate committee of the
Senate, that we might have had a report upon it
before we entered upon the argument of the ques- j
tion. Upon the motion to refer, it was not my .
purpose to say anything. But the amendment
. proposed by the Senator from Tennessee, brings '
' up the merits of the question, and compels the
Senate to vote upon the validity of Mr. Dixon's
i claim to a seat in this body. I shall not occupy
much oiT the time of the Senate in this discussion. j
JI I simply wish to present the view which my mind
1 has taken for the purpose of ascertaining whether
or not the difficulties which I conceive to exist can
be removed. In order to do that, I must call tht
attention of the Senate to the facts of the case.
In 1$49, Mr. Clay was elected a Senator from
the State of Kentucky for the full term of six
years, commencing on the 4th of March of that
year. On the 17th of December 1851, he resigned
his seat in the Senate to take effect on thefirst
Monday of September, 1852. The Legislature of
Kentucky being then itf session, elected Mr.
Dixon to fill the vacancy which was to happen on
the first Monday of September thereafter ov the
resignation of Mr. Clay. On the 29th of June,
1852, Mr. Clay died. On the 6'h of July, the
Governor of Kentucky appointed Mr. Meriwether
to hold the place until Mr. Clay's resignation
should take effect; and under that commission
Mr. Meriwether took his seut in this body. At
the time of the presentation of his credentials, 1 in-
timated doubts as to the regularity of the proceed*-
ing, and an opinion with respect to the validity of
the election which had previously taken place.
1 have listened to the arguments carefully and
attentively, with the view of arriving at a correct
conclusion on this question, but I am not satisfied
that the precedents which have been cited, are de-
cisive of it. I am not convinced that those prece-
dents reach the real point presented in this case.
The Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Davis,1 in
his argument, remarked that there were not five
Senators in this body who did not hold their seate
by the tenure presented in the credentials of Mr.
Dixon. I presume the meaning of the Senator
was, that there were not five Senators holding their-
■eats here who were not elected in anticipation of
the commencement of their term. He certainly
did not mean that we were all here to fill vacan-
Mr. President, it occurs to me that there, has
been a confusion of terms in the citing of cases
where Senators were elected for a full term in
anticipation of the expiration of the old one as
precedents for vacancies. Where a senatorial
term has expired by its own limitation under the
Constitution, and an absence ef representation re-
sults from that cause, it is not a vacancy withii)
the meaning of the Constitution.. Vacancies hap-
pening in the reoresentation in the Senate during
a recess of the -Legislature may be filled by the
Governor of a State; but f presume no man ever
contended—certainly not since theLnnman case—*
thata Governor, under the power to fill vacancies,
could make an appointment to-an original term of
office. Therefore, when we speak of vacancies
happening in the constitutional sense, we must be
understood as meaning cases where the term .ha.fi
once been filled, and subsequently become vacant
by resignation or otherwise. That beinj  so, the
precedents which have been cited of the election
of Senators in anticipation of the expiration of a
regular constitutional term do not apply to the
case of vacancies in the constitutional sense.
I have no doubt of the right and of the propriety
of a State Legislature electing a Senator in ad-
vance of the expiration of the existing term, with
a view that there shall be no failure in the repre*
sentation in the event of a called session. In the
absence of any regulation by Congress, the right
of the State to do so cannot be questioned; for
under the Constitution the power to prescribe the
time and -mode of electing Senators is vested in the
States, subject to the authority of Congress to
modify and change such regulations. Congress
has never established any rule upon the subject,
and in the absence of Congressional action, each
State has a right to prescribe its own time in th«
election of Senators. But I am inclined to think
there is a necessity for Congressional interposition,
because a State might make an election from par-
tisan considerations two or three years in ad va ce
of the expiration of a term. I do not think such
an election would be within the spirit of the Con-
stitution; yet I am not prepared to deny the right
of a State to elect years in advance according to
the letter of the Constitution, unless Congress
should interpose its authority, and provide that the
election should be at the last regula r session of th«
Legislature preceding the expiration of the term.
However, be that as it may, the precedents which
have been citeddo not reach this question in this
case.
The first inquiry presented here is, Was there
such a vaeaney on the 80th of December, 1851*
as authorized the Legislature of Kentucky to elect
