1852.
TIIE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
91
Mr. Dixon; It is true the precedents support the
position that ft Legislature, m anticipation of a
racvncv which is expected to happen by resig-
nation, on a >*iven day, may elect a Senator to
S i such vacancy, and that t!ie election is good if
the resignat'on matures and becomes operative.
Tih'. is as t ir as a"V one of the precedents go.
Tliey reach this point: that if the resignation of
Mr. Clav.to take effect nine months from Us date,
<iid mature, and a vacancy did occur 111 pursuance
of it on the day therein designated, the election of
Mr. Dixon t> fi" that vacancy wou'd be valid.
That n '.tie tx'.ent to which any precedent that
I have seen does go. 1 am not prepared to say
that if it were an original question. I should decide
it in the wav those m eredeii's indicate. The incli-
nation of mv mind is, that I should have reversed
the construction upon that point. But, sir, 1 am
no: disposed to ar^ne any n >mt in the case which
does not directly bear upon it, and which is not
essential in the decision of the question.
My vie w is this: Although Mr. Clay had re-
«igned, to take effect on the first Monday of Sep-
tember, no vacancy occurred in pursuance of that
resignation, no vacancy happened on that day.
No vacancy occurred by virtue of the resigna-
tion of Mr. Clay; but a vacancy did occur in the
mean time. When Mr. Ciay resigned it was un-
certain whether his resignation would produce a
vacancy or not. The Legislature of Kentucky
then elected Mr. Dixon in anticipation of an event
which mtstiit happen, or which might never occur.
If the resignation had matured, Mr. Dixon would,
according to the precedents, bave been entitled to
the seat. If the resignation never did mature—if
no vacancy ever occurred m consequence of it, can
it be said that an election made m anticipation of
an event which never occurred, was valid * There
are many causes which might have operated to
render that resignation inoperative and ineffectual
to create a vacancy at the lime designated in it.
One is the case that did actually occur, death. If
Mr. Clay had remosed from the country in the
mean time, and thus vacated his seat, the resigna-
tion would have been suoerseded and rendered in-
operative by a prior vacancy resulting from an-
o her cause. If Mr. Clay lisd oeen appointed to an
office incompatible with a sea! in the Senate, the
acceptance of that would have vacated his seat,
and created a vacancy from tha' time. There are
a great variety of cases which might haveoccurred,
by which the resignation could have been rendered
null and void. I contend that no vacancy ever oc-
curred under Mr. Clay's resignation. The election
was by the Legislature of Kentucky, in anticipation
of an'event which might haopen, or which might
neveroccur, and which in this case never did occur.
The seat was not vacant at the time Mr. Dixon
was elected. No one can pretend that it was. Mr.
Clay was here as a member ot this body, enjoying
all the rights and emoluments of the office of Sen-
ator, and authorized to exercise all the powers and
functions appertaining to the stition. He received
his pay and drew it in person for six months after
the (late of his resignation and the election of Mr.
Dixon. I have here the list of dates at which Mr.
Clay drew his pay as a member of the Senate.
They are as follows: On the 18th of December,
the day after the date of his letter of resignation;
on the 21«t of January; the 11th of February; the
18th of M^rch; theOihof April; the 27th of April;
and the 11th of June, two or three weeks before
his death.
These facts show that the seat was not vacant,
but was occupied by Mr. Clay until the day of
his death; and that no vacancy did actually occur
until the death of that distinguished statesman. A
vacancy occurred on the 2'Jih of J:ine by his
death, and not bv resignation; and up to that time
'here was no vacancy. The Legislature of Ken-
tucky not beinj in session at the time of that
death, it was a vacancy occurring during the re-
cess of the Legislature, and which, according to
the very lanjna^e of the Constitution, it was in-
cumbent upon the Governor to fill by a temporary
appointment. The language of the Constitution
upon this point is clear and explicit: " If vacan-
cies happen by resignation, or otherwise, during
Mhe recess of the Lf-iislature of any State, the
' Executive thereof may make temnorary apfoint-
' ments until the next meeting of the Legislature,
' which shall then fill such vacancies." Now, I
submit whether it was not the duty of the Gov-
ernor of Kentucky, under the Constitution, to
make a temporary appointment in the place of Mr.
Clay, deceased ? The Governor had not only the
right to make the appointment, but it was Ins nn-
perativeduty under the Constitution. He did make
a temporary appointment; and, as if anticipating
this very diificulty, and anxious not to prejudice the
question either way, and to pay due respect to the
Legislature of Kentucky, he made the appointment
in a peculiar form. The woids of the commission
which he gave to Mr. Meriwether, authorized him
to hold the seat, " to be and act as Senator for the
'Commonwealth until the time when the resigna-
' tion of the said Henry Clay takes effect." Evi-
dently the point of time there alluded to by the
Governor, was the first Monday of September;
but instead of specifying that day, he chose to use
such language as would leave the question open
for the decision of the Senate as to the duration of
the commission to Mr. Meriwether.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Will the Senator
from Illinois permit me to ask one question?
Mr. DOUGLAS. Certainly.
Mr. JONES. I understand the honorable Sen-
ator to say there was no vacancy created by the
resignation of Mr. Clay. I would like to ask
whether, in the opinion of the Senator, if Mr.
Clay had lived until the first Monday in Septem-
ber, he could have retained his seat ns a Senator?
And if he could not, I would like to be informed at
what time he lost the control over his seat.
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 shall make only this an-
swer to the question 'which the Senator pro-
pounds. I understand that this body, in the case
of Mr. Bledsoe, did decide that when a Senator
had resigned, the resignation to take effect at a
future day. and when the Legislature had inter-
posed and accepted the resignation, and filled the
place, the resignation could not be withdrawn.
Whether the Senate would have made the same
decision or not in a case where there had been no
election, I am not prepared to say. But as there
had been an election in this instance, the case of
Bledsoe will answer the question of the Senator
upon that point. In the few remarks which I
snail submit, I do not intend to run counter to any
one of these precedents, nor do I intend to occupy
the time of the Senate by attemptins to rebut
them, although I may doubt their validity; but 1
shall simply give the reasons why I do not think
they reach this case; and if theSenator will follow
me. he will see the reasons why I think this case
does not come within the rule established by
any of the precedents. This was a case, then,
where the Governor was authorized to make an
appointment, the vacancy having occurred during
the recess of the Legislature; it is a case where
the Governor was compelled to appoint, it having
occurred during the recess. The Governor did
appoint. The Constitution, which I have read,
fixes the duration of the appointment; and what
is it? Until the next me#ting of the Legislature.
That.period of duration having been fixed by the
Constitution, there is no other power than that in-
strument which can overrule or shorten that
term. There is one exception imposed by the
Constitution itself, upon that period of duration;
and that exception is this; if, in the mean time,
the senatorial term, out of which the vacancy
arose, shall expire, then the Governor's appoint-
ment terminates with that term. If, on the con-
trary, the Legislature meets before the expiration
of the senatorial term, then the appointment must
continue until the meeting of the Legislature.
That is the construction which I give to the
Constitution; that is the way in which the Con-
stitution reads upon thispoint; and this brings me
to another point, which is this: What is the duty
of the Legislature when they meet? The Consti-
tution says the appointment shall continue until
the next meeting of the Legislature, " which shall
then fill such vacancy." When is the Legislature
to fill the vacancy? At the first meeting of the
Legislature next after the Governor'sappointment,
not before the vacancy happens. And "shall
then," at the next meeting of the Legislature after
the appointment, fill the vacancy. The Constitu-
tion, therefore, has said, in express terms, that in
a case where the Governor has a right to appoint,
and where he does appoint, the vacancy shaM not
be filled by the Legislature prior to the appoint-
ment of the Governor, but shall be filled subse-
quent to that appointment. This is the case
provided for and pointed out by the Constitution.
Your precedents do not apply to it; they apply to
cases only where the resignation took place during
the session, and where there was no vacancy in-
tervening by death,or otherwise, during the recess.
If Mr. Clay had not died in the recess—if he had
1 veil, and letained his seat until the first Monday
m September—your precedents would then have
been in point; but he having died in the mean
tune, you have no precedents. The decision de-
pends upon the plain reading of the clause of the
Constitution to which I have invited your atten-
tion; that clause which provides that in a case
where the vacancy happens during the recess of
the Legislature, the Governorshall make a tempo-
rary appointment, until the meeting of the Legis-
lature, which shall then fill such vacancy. What
vacancy ? Why, the vacancy which happened
duiing the recess; the vacancy which the Gov-
ernor filled by a temporary appointment, up to the
time of the meeting of the Legislature; the vacancy
then remaining from the time of the meeting of the
Legislature until the end of the term. Then what
was the extent of the vacancy in this case? It is
from the period of time when the election is made
by the Lejislature until the expiration of the term;
for so many months and so many days. It is not
a vacancy occurring a year previous; it is not a
vacancy that occurred on the first Monday in
September, 1652, when the resignation would have
matured if Mr. Clay had lived; it is not even a va-
cancy occurring by the death of Mr. Clay; butthe
vacancy produced by the death of Mr. Clay, tem-
porarily filled until the meeting of the Legislature,
and filled then by election from that day until the
day on which the senatorial term expires.
1 insist, therefore, in the first place, that this is
a case which has never had a precedent in the his-
tory of our Government. There is no precedent
in point—there is no case which can be brought to
bear upon it to elucidate it. The precedents which
you have cited do not reach the case, and you are
bound to decide the question according to the lan-
guage of the Constitution; and that language is,
that the Legislature shall elect, after the appoint-
ment of the Governor was made, and not before.
That is all which I have to say upon this ques-
tion, unless I refer to one or two points which
have been drawn into the discussibn without hav-
ing any appropriate relation to it.
We have been referred to the New Jersey case,
and the broad seal. Sir, what has that to do with
this case? I leave that whole question in the hands
of the Senator from California, [Mr. Weller,]
who has already replied to the assault so triumph-
antly, having been a member of the House of Rep-
resentative? at, the time, and an actor in the scene.
It certainly was not a case which can constitute a
precedent to bear at ail upon this question, or to
elucidate it.
But the Senator from Tennessee has talked elo-
quently to us about State rights, interposing, as a
protest, that he is not a very strong advocate of
State rights, though he thinks we, on this side of
the Chamber, are bound by his arguments predi-
cated unon them. Sir, I am an advocate of State
rights under the Constitution, by a strict construc-
tion of that instrument. Gentlemen refer, also, to
the sovereicnty of the States, and say that wears
annihilating the sovereignty of the State of Ken-
tucky if we do not admit Mr. Dixon to a' seat.
Sir, what has the sovereignty of the State of Ken-
tucky to do with this question ? Kentucky is en-
titled to two Senators on this floor; but not by
' virtue of her sovereignty. It is not becausesheis
an absolute sovereignty that she is entitled to two
Senators; it is because she has become a limited
sovereignty under the provisions of the Consti-
tution, that she is entitled to two representatives
on this floor. Her sovereisnty, if she was an ab-
solute sovereign, would exclude her from the tight
of a representation here. Kentucky is, therefore,
entitled to two Senators here by virtueof the Con-
stitution of the United States, and not in conse-
quence of any sovereignty which she may be sup-
posed to possess. I apprehend that I should even
be willing to go further than the Senator from Ten-
nessee in maintaining the absolute sovereignty of
1 each State in this Union witnin the entire sphere
! of the legitimate powers of the State, where they
are not expressly, or by irresistible implication,
withdrawn by the Constitution of the United
States. I apprehend that I will go as far as he,
I or any other man, in advocating the true rights of
j the States. What is the right of a State, then, a<
I connected with representation in this body? It is-
