92
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 20,
a right derived from the Constitution of the United '
Suites to be represented in this body, in pursuance :
of the Constitution. It is not a right to be repre-
sented as Kentucky pleases, or as any other State
pleases; but it is a right to be represented as the
Constitution provides. She has no ri ht to any
other representation or mode of appointment than
that authorised and prescribed by the Constitu-
tion. To allow her, or to compel her to be rep-
resented here in any other mode than that pointed
out in the Constitution, is a violation of all State
righti, and of State sovereignty too. The ques-
tion here is, what is the mode of representation to
which Kentucky is entitled in this case? Why,
air, the Constitution provides, that in the election
of Senators generally, it shall be done by the Le-
gislature of each State; it provides, by implica-
tion, that in ease of vacancies which occur during
t ie session of the Legislature, the Legislature shall
elect; but it also provides that if the vacancy occurs
during the recess of the Legislature, the Legis-
lature shall not elect in the first instance, but that
the Governor shall appoint, and that the appoint-
ment shall continue until the next meeting of the
Legislature, and that the Legislature shall then
elect.
Mr. President, I have now concluded what I
have to say upon this question. I have deemed it
due to the occasion to state the reasons which will
control my vote, unless it can be shown that I am
in error. I have spoken with some degree of con-
fidence in the correctness of the positions I have
assumed, yet with profound deference for the
opinions of other Senators. I have no pride of
opinion which will make me cling to an error or
a fallacy after my judgment shall be convinced.
My vote will be given according to my convic-
tions when the argument shall close.
Mr. CASS. Mr. President, this discussion, like
most of the discussions in which we find ourselves
engaged, has taken a wide range, and has been
made to embrace many topics which seem to me
entirely foreign to the real question before us. That
question, I think, lies within a narrow compass.
1 shall present my own view of it very briefly, and
rtther to justify the vote f intend to give, than with J
any expectation of influencing the judgment of !
others. I!
And, sir, preliminary to my main object, allow [I
me to say, that for myself I disclaim the remotest M
intention to show disrespect to the Governor or j j
Legislature of Kentucky by any remarks or vote of \ \
mine. 1 should think myself very badly employed j
in any such effort. 1 have no doubt, none what- '
ever, but that the authorities of that State did pre-
cisely what they considered it their duty to do, nor '
is it my province to review their acts. I receive
them as executed, and call in question none of the
. facts established by the documents before us. The
resignation and the death of Mr. Clay, the ap-
pointment by the Governor, and the election by
the Legislature, are fully conceded by all who have
apoken. And therefore the attempt to compare
this case with the New Jersey case, or with a con-
tested election, in which the truth or validity of
the return is arraigned, is wholly to misapprehend
the true point before us. That point is not as to
who was elected, but as to the existence of a va-
cancy, which such election was designed to fill.
And this is theibody which must settle that ques-
tion before the person presenting himself can take
his seat, it is a power we cannot transfer, as we
are, by the Constitution, the final judges of who
are entitled to seaia in this Chamber. And in this
general power isineittdedthe duty of deciding upon
the tenure of office—when the term of one Senator
commences and that of another termi nates. Inde-
pendent of the plain injunction*bf the Constitu-
tion* it is evident that such a right is essential to
uniformity of action, as without it we might have
as many decisions as there are authorities, legisla- ,
tive or executive, to make them. 1 therefore put1
out of view the limitation of the senatorial term,
made by the Governor of Kentucky, and all the
remarks to which it has given rise. I take it for
granted that the Governor made "a temporary
appointment" to fill Mr. Clay's "vacancy;" but
the duration of that vacancy and of that appoint-
ment is a question for,us, and one from which we ;
cannot escape.
Mr. President, I wish it were in my power to
vote for the admission of Mr. Dixon. I had much
rather do it than vote against him. It is with re-
luctance that I feel myself compelled to make a
| decision which will prevent a gentleman elected
1 by the Legislature of a sovereign State from taking
a seat in tliis body. But 1 may beallowed to say
that Mr. Meriwether, for whom I have a warm
personal and political regard, has conducted him-
self with great delicacy and propriety during the
discussion of this case, by absenting himaelf from
the Senate, and by preferring no claim to a seat in
it. I do not call in question the validity of the
legislative proceedings at the time they occurred,
but 1 consider them rendered inoperative by the
sad event which created an unexpected vacancy
inconsistent with the action previously had.
How, then, stands this case, sir? The third
clause of the first article of the Constitution pro-
vides for the composition of the Senate, by fixing
the term of service and the mode of selecting the
Senators, permanent and temporary. It declares
that " if vacancies happen, by resignation or oth-
' erwise, during the recess of the Legislature of
•any State, the Executive thereof may make tem-
' porary appointments until the next meeting of
' the Legislature, which shall then fill such vacan-
' cies." The regular terms of the Senators are for
six years, and the " vacancies" herein provided
for are the unexpired portion of such terms, which
are to be " filled" by the Legislature when it can
act, and when it cannot act, to be occupied by
temporary Executive APPOINTMENTS. If, there-
fore, a Senator resign, or his seat is otherwise va-
cated, except by the expiration of his term, the
" vacancy" is for his original period of service, to
be temporarily appointed to by the Governor, or
" filled" by the Legislature.
We come now to the question, when did a va-
cancy occur in the senatorial term of Mr. Clay ?
All agree that none could be created by his resig-
nation until the advent of the first Monday of
September, and no person here denies that one
"happened" the moment of hts death. On the
29th day of June—the day of that national mis-
fortune—" a vacancy happened by resignation or
otherwise;" and it being during the recess of the
Legislature of the State of Kentucky, the Execu-
tive thereof was called upon to make a temporary
appointment. And for what time ? " Till the
next meeting of the Legislature," whose duty it
would then have bees, in the word* of the Con-
stitution, to " ill audi vacancy."
- New, sir, all this is very clear, aa has just been
ably shown by the Senator from Illinois, [Mr.
Douglas;] and, aa I before remarked, we give to
the certificate of the Governor of Kentucky its
full constitutional effect when we concede that
there was a vacancy during the recess of the Legis-
lature, and that be rightfully appointed Mr. Meri-
wether to fill it. But when he undertakes to fix a
limit to the tenure of the appointment, and fixes
one, as we think, different from the Constitution,
it is our duty, while we recognize the appointment,
to look to the Constitution, and not to the certifi-
cate, for the period of service. I do not se^ why
the Governor has not the same right to determine
any other of the incidents of the office—its com-
pensation, for instance—as its duration. His
connection with the subject ceases when he has
made the appointment and granted the certificate.
Now, sir, in what manner is it contended that
this clear constitutional provision is rendered in-
operative in the case before us? Mr. Clay ten-
dered to the Legislature of Kentucky, during its
session the previous December, a letter of resigna-
tion, to become such on the first Monday of the suc-
ceeding September, and thereupon the Legislature
elected a successor to " fill" the vacancy on the
arrival of that day. And what was the nature
and constitutional effect of these proceedings? It
is not necessary, for any purpose 1 have in view,
to call in question the right of the Legislature to
make a prospective election of a Senator. Cer-
tainly, so far as regards a new term, where noth-
ing can defeat its occurrence, the practice is too
well established, too necessary indeed, to deny its
validity. With respect to acidental vacancies, the
Constitution, by a strict construction, would seem
to require their occurrence before provision can be
made for filling them. Such vacancies, (those oc-
curring during the recess,) says the Constitution,
after providing for the action of the Governor,
ikatt be fiUed by the Legislature at its next session.
This presupposes an actual, not a prospective ex-
istence of the vacancy before legislative action,
which is to follow, not precede, that of the Gov-
ernor. However, I understand the practice has
been otherwise, and I do not feel disposed to ques«
tion it, especially as a different construction might
deprive a Slate of one of its Senators for a long
time. But the provision under such circumstances
must be incomplete and prospective, assuming only
its legal effect when the vacancy happens as con-
templated.
But I repeat, sir, that these questions do not
affect my view of this subject; and therefore I
consider the analogy which has been drawn be-
tween this case and cases where prospective ap-
pointments have been made, and which were
rendered operative by the fulfillment of the condi-
tion, or, in other words, by the arrival of the day
during the lifetime of the incumbent, as utterly
fallacious. The true point is the effect of the
death of Mr. Clay upon his own resignation, and
upon the proceedings of the Governor and of the
Legislature.
It seems to me that metaphysical subtleties had
better be avoided in a practical discussion like this,
depending upon a plain provision of the Constitu-'
tion. And i think, also, that nice points of law,
to be found in case books, respecting the rights of
property and the extent of the power of those pos-
sessing them, in which the ingenuity of judges has
often run riot, are equally out of place upon such
an occasion. The-principlea involved in this mat-
ter are neither deep nor complicated. The act of
Mr. Clay wasan inchoate one, to become complete
and-effectual on thefirst Monday of September, if
he was then living; I say if he was then living;
for certainly no act of an incumbent can affect the
tenure of an office after his death. And I distinctly
understood that that was precisely the point made
by the honorable Senator from Connecticut, [Mr.
Toucet,] and which was assailed by the honora-
ble Senator from New Hampshire, [Mr. Hale,]
as I thought very unfairly. Death certainly dis-
solves all connection with office; but the question
is not, as the Senator from New Hampshire repre-
sented, or rather misrepresented—certainly unin-
tentionally—whether a dead man can resign, bat
whether the acts of a dead man made when living,
can affect any of the attributes of the office he
held. I agree with the Senator from Connecticut
that they cannot.  
I have nothing to say concerning the question
which baa been raised here of the power of Mr.
Clay to withdraw his resignation after he offered
it and before his death, because that question is
not in my way. Whether revocable or irrevoca-
ble, it does not bear upon the conclusion at which
I arrive.
I repeat, the act of Mr. Clay was inchoate, pro-
ducing no vacancy, and the act of the Legislature
was equally inchoate, filling none, unless ren-
dered perfect by the occurrence of the fact upon
which their operation depended.
Now, sir, did any " vacancy happen," take
place, or occur on the first Monday of September ?
Certainly not; for the seat of Mr. Clay became va-
cant in June preceding, and no previous act of his
could have any effect in terminating the vacancy or
in creating another at the time indicated < for he was
then dead, and all his connection with the office or
control over it had ceased. As it was on the 31st
day of August, so it was on the first Monday of
September. There was nothing for the resignation
to operate on; for the office had departed from him,
orratherhefromtheoffice. He said to the Legis-
lature of Kentucky, I hold this office till the first
Monday of September; then I relinquish it. But
before that time the act of God came to supersede
this arrangement, and the legislative proceedings
to which it led. An illustration may confirm what
it appears to me nothing can render clearef.
Suppose the Legislature had been in session
upon the death of Mr. Clay, can any one doubt
their right to fill the office with its constitutional
tenure for the residue of his term of service? If
they could not, then Mr. Clay created two vacan-
cies!—one by his death, and another by his resig-
nation—both of which required the action of the
Legislature—an anomaly utterly unknown to our
Constitution.
The view I have taken reconciles the proceedings
of the Legislature 6f Kentucky with the plain pro-
visions of the Constitution respecting the "hap-
pening of a vacancy" in its recess, by considering
the proceedings inchoate and incomplete, though
regular, but deprived of any validity by a subse-
quent occurrence which prevented the resignation
from taking effect.
