94
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 20,
the Government. Mr. Bledsoe so resigned, fix- j:
1115 a future day; so did Mr. Clay in 1842; so I
did Mr. Berrien ui 1852; and so did Mr. Fooie in !
185a- • - , • u
The third question is answered with equal dis-
tinctness by precedents. The Legislature of Ken- ;;
tuckv prospectively filled the vacancy made by
Mr. Clay's resignation in 1842; the Governor of-
Georgia prospectively filled the vacancy of Mr.
Berrien in 1852; and the Governor or Legislature
of Mississippi prospectively filled the vacancy of
Mr. Foote in 1852.
The only question remaining is the fourth: Can
the death of the resigning Senator after the Legis-
lature has prospectively filled the vacancy, and
before the day fixed for his retirement, defeat the
appointment of his successor already made?
No such event has happened before this, and so
there is no precedent. On each side we are left to
reason a priori.
1st. Now, it is clear that the resignation and
appointment are net on any expressed condition that
the resigning Senator shall live until the day fixed
for his retirement; but it is, on the contrary,
on its face unconditional and absolute. There
are two parties, and only two parties, to the act:
the Senator who resigns and the State which re-
ceives the resignation and appoints the successor.
Both these parties agree that the resignation shall
be unconditional and absolute on the face of the
transaction.
2J. Has the resigning Senator any reserved pow-
er over his resignation, arising from implication of
law after delivering or publishing it, to revoke it or '
to defeat the prospective appointment of his suc-
cessor already made? No! In Bledsoe's case,
that Senator, when the day fixed for his retire-
ment arrived, declared his purpose to revoke his
resignation, and to retain the seat. The Senate
decided that he could not; that his resignation was
beyond his control, and was absolute.
3d. If the retiring Senatorcannot revoke his res-
ignation, and so defeat the prospective appointment
of his success w already made, then it is equally
clear that he cannot, by giving up his seat and re-
tiring before the day fixed by his previous resig-
nation, annul the effect of that act, or defeat the
prospective appointment of his successor already .,
made; for if he could, this would be to allow that 1,
be could do in one way what be coald not do in j1
another; that he could do by indirection what he 1:
could not do directly.
4th. What is the reason why the resigning Sen-
ator may not, by revocation, or by another act of
resignation in the interval, defeat the prospective
appointment of his successor already made? It is
because the act of resignation, when delivered or
published, and especially when received and made
the foundation of the prospective appointment of
his successor, is a fait accompli,—a vacancy is per-
fectly made and is perfectly filled. Whatever af-
terwards may be aone or may happen, the an-
Eointed successor has a.title to the place to which
e is thus appointed, which is necessarily inde-
feasible.
5th. And bow, if the retiring Senator cannot de-
feat the prospective appointment of his successor
neither by revoking his resignation nor by a
second and intermediate act of resignation, then
he cannot defeat it by dying, whether his death
be voluntary or invnluntary. The policy of the
Constitution is the same in whatever way the ob-
struction to the act of the State appointing the suc-
cessor may offer itself. The first resignation was
complete and indefeasible,and the appointment of
the successor is also complete and indefeasible.
I proceed to notice the1 objections to this view.
First, that by dying before the day fixed for retir-
ing, the resigning Senator makes a vacancy Which
renders the happening of the one contemplated
in and consequent upon his resignation impossible. 1
I reply, he does not make it impossible. Certainly,
when the day fixed arrives, the seat is vacant '
equally, whether the resigning Senator is dead or
then retires. He does one of two things—either,
first, he makes an interruption of representation
which cannot be filled up until the day for his suc-
cessor to enter shall arrive, or, second, he makes a 1
" temporary vacancy" which can be filled up by ij
the competent authority until the day when the ,|
successor can enter shall have arrived. This tat- !
ter view has been adopted by the Governor of
Kentucky in bis temporary appointment of Mr.
Meriwether, and seems unobjectionable, [[
Second. It is objected that the happening of a I
vacancy cannot be divided into two parts—one a 1
resignation prospective, and the other an ulterior !
retirement from office; that the transaction is a
whole, and all its parts must occur, or the resigna-
tion will be void.
But the Constitution manifestly contemplates
the happening of two vacancies by such a division'.
All the Senators first chosen were chosen for six
years. The Constitution declared that the seats
of one third of them should be vacated at the expira-
tion of two years. But what if one ofthat one third
died before that day? Why, his seat nevertheless
was vacated at the expiration of the two years, but
in the mean time it was also vacated, and a tempo-
rary appointment was made to fill the temporary
vacancy until the happening of the regular vacancy
at the end of the two years; and so we practice on
the same principle now, vacating one third of the
Senate absolutely every two years.
Third. But it is said that if a Senator may resign
and fix a day in future one month distant, he may
fix one five years distant. And it is asked whether
the Legislature, being in session when such a resig-
nation is received, can fill the vacancy which is so
postponed in effect for five years—to the prejudice
of the right of the Legislatures assembling after-
wards and before the day limited ? 1 reply, that
is a question which does not arise here. It is
enough that the Senator has a right to say to his
State", I will serve you one, or two, or three, or
four years, or five years, and no longer. And the
State has a right to say we will accept your ser-
vices for that time, and dismiss you afterwards.
If a question shall arise what Legislature meeting
within the period has the right to fill the vacancy,
it can then be met—it has not arisen here.
Thus the legality of Mr. Dixon's title seems to
result from the Constitution and the precedents;
and assuming this view, the case presents the not
unfrequent one of an ascertained vacancy occur-
ring at a future day, and anticipated and filled,
and an intervening temporary vacancy also tem-
porarily filled and expired. If this view is cor-
rect, it is unnecessary to examine the pretensions
set up, not by Mr. Meriwether, but in his behalf
by Senators.
Mr. President, this question has bearings upon
the present and the Stale of Kentucky, and also
upon the fature itnd the whole Ufcion. A rejec- !
tion of Mr. Dixon, who comes with a plenary ]
commission unanimously confirmed by the Legis- 1
lature and Governor of Kentucky, and an admis-
sion, on the contrary, of Mr. Meriwether, who
not only presents no such commission, but pre-
sents no claim, and does not" even appear, will, I
think, deeply disturb Kentucky and alarm all the
other States. This alarm will be increased by the
fact that the proceeding will operate to strengthen
and increase the provisional prerogativeof the Gov-
ernors of the States at^the expense of the power
conferred by the Constitution on the Legislatures
of the States; for nothing is clearer than that the
powerconferred on the Governors to fill vacancies
was designed to be occasional, and exceptional,
and subordinate to that devolved on the Legisla-
tures, which was designed to be general, complete,
and supreme.
You will also excite new and painful apprehen-
sions of another and even more grave kind. The
House of Representatives is a legislative assem-
bly, drawn out by representation of the whole
Union as one undivided country and people; and 1
the constitution of that House is a great centrip-
etal power acting towards consolidation. But the
Senate is composed of an equal delegation of the
several States, appointed by the States. Senators
are in a manner ambassadors of the States, and
the control exercised by the States in their ap-
pointment, without interference from the center,
constitutes a centrifugal force important to the
preservation of the States in their qualified, consti-
tutional independence. Hitherto the Senate of the
United States has received whomsoever has been
sent by the States, only examining their qualifica- 1
tions when denied, or deciding judicially between
contestants. But if now we reject one who is sent
with full authority, and whose title is not denied
from without this body, and call in one who is
not sent with any such authority, we shall shake 1
the confidence which has hitherto been enjoyed ,
by the Senate, and raise alarms for the safety of i
the States, and thus weaken the bonds of the t!
Union.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, I should in-
finitely prefer that thii question should go to a
committee as proposed by the mover of the reso-
lution. It seems to me very desirable in the decis-
ion, if this case is to pass into a precedent, that
the subject should be considered with the deliber-
ation and care that would be given to it by a com-
mittee, and more especially that it may be seen
whether the action proper to be taken upon it can
be conformed to the precedents which alread y exist.
Now, I am very free to admit, so far as I have
been able to consider it, that the question presented
is, whether the Senate, acting judicially upon this
election, as they are required to do, should follow
the Constitution, or shall follow the precedents of
the Senate, for they seem to me to be directly in
conflict.
Sir, the Constitution has wisely reposed the elec-
tion of Senators in the Legislatures of the States;
but in the exigencies which it was contemplated
might arise by vacancies occurring when the Legis-
lature was not sitting, as a mere accessory of the
power, the Executive was to make temporary
appointments, without derogating in the slightest
degree from the original high purpose of confiding
this trust of election to the legislative body. The
Constitution has so prescribed; and when a gen-
tleman presents himself here, claiming to be a Sen-
ator from a State, it is our duty to ascertain whether
he has been elected pursuant to the Constitution.
Senators on the other side complain that we are
in some manner,or in some way infringing upon
the sovereignty of the States—that we are acting
injuriously to the sovereignty of the States, when
we question their right to elect a Senator in the
manner in which they have done it. Sir, suppose
a gentleman came here claiming to be elected by
the people of a State, is there any one who would
say he could take his seat in this body under that
election? And yet, if he were elected'by the peo-
ple he would more immediately represent the sov-
ereignty of the State, than if he were elected by
the Legislature. The sovereignty of the States is
not in question in any point of view whatever.
The power given to them to elect Senators is de-
rivative, not inherent. The power is given to the
States by the compact of the Constitution; it does
not belong to them originally. When a gentleman
presents himself here, claiming to be a Senator, it
is our duty to see whether he nag been appointed
in pursuance of that compact.
Now, I am very free to confess, that, like the
Senator from Illinois, whose argument I listened
to with much pleasure this morning, I have very
decided impressions upon the subject of this elec-
tion; yet if they could be removed, I should yield
them with great pleasure. I should be exceedingly
reluctant to do any act, or to give any vote here
which should be looked upon as injurious by the
State of Kentucky, or any other State; yet the
plain path of duty is before me, and I shall follow it.
The Constitution has created senatorial terms, and
has declared that those terms shall last for six
years; they are so arranged by another provis-
ion of the Constitution, that one third of the
Senate go out biennially. What is the language
of the Constitution as affecting the duration of thA
term ? The Constitution declares that the seats of
Senators of the first class shall be vacated at the
end of two years; of the second class, at the end
of four; and of the third, at the end*of six years,
thus creating the terms. The language of the
Constitution is, that the seat "shall be vacated"
by lapse of time, and then new terms com-
mence.
A few words.now as to the precedents. Until
Lanman's case, according to my recollection, it
was considered by the Senate, or rather, it wasfte-
cided by the Senate—manifestly without considera-
tion—that it was competent for the Stale Executive
when a term expired in the recess of the Legislature
to treat that as a vacancy, and to fill it accordingly.
Such a practice was common until the decision ui
Lanman's case. 1 confess that on looking at the
Constitution my first impression was that the
practice was correct; but on examining the Con-
stitution, and weighing it carefully and deliber-
ately, I cannot entertain a doubt that the decision
of Lanman's case was correct, and that when a
term expires by constitutional limitation, it is not
a "vacancy" which the Executive can fill. Yet
the decision in that case set aside all the former pre-
cedents, and established a new and correct rule.
What is the qvtfstion here ? Mr. Clay, as Sen-
