96
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 20.
should also hare an opportunity. I therefore
move to postpone the further consideration of the
tuhject till to-morrow.
Mr. BADGER. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to; and the question
recurred on the motion to postpone.
Mr. HALE. I do not rise to make a speech,
bat to express the hope that the motion will not
be persisted in. It is now only three o'clock; we
do not generally dine till about half past four; and
perhapa some of those gentlemen who are dis-
posed to discuss the subject, might aa well say
what they have to sav now.
Mr. BADGER, "they will get no listeners at
this time of day.
Mr. HALE. I did not understand the Senator
from Arkansas to refer to listeners; but only to
speakers. [Laughter.] I see that the Senator
from Maine wants the floor, and so I will take my
seat.
Mr. BRADBURY. I was about to take the
floor, not for the purpose of discussing this ques-
tion, but simply to express the hope that we may
hare action upon it to-day. It will be recollected
that at the last session we settled a contested elec-
tion on the last week of the session; and we shall
be brought to the last week of the present session
before we dispose of the pending question, unless
we find some limit to the debate, and resolve to
terminate it before we adjourn.
Mr. BADGER. I believe, sir, that I am en-
tirely convinced, by the observations which have
just fallen from the Senator from Maine, that we
had better dispose of thiaqueslion immediately. I
myself should like to occupy ten or fifteen min-
utes,but which, probably,according to our general
estimate, might run into three quarters of an hour
if I commenced, in which time I think I could
make a very good speech on this subject, and put
it in a very clear light; but as there are so many
of us in the same situation, and as I suppose every
gentleman in the Chamber has made up his mind,
it seems to me to be a great deal better to dispose
of the subject at once. Our speeches here will
convince nobody in the Chamber, if they convince
any one outside.
Mr. BUTLER, f hope the suggestion of the
gentleman will be yielded to. I did intend to sub-
mit a few remarks; and whether tbey would haw
elucidated and illustrated the subject, I do not
know. Perhaps by so doing, I should have ac-
quitted myself of a duty to the country, and to the
parties concerned; but I am satisfied, as the hon-
orable Senator from North Carolina has said, that
every Senator has made up his mind, and that it
is not worth while to talkany longer upon thesub-
ject.
The motion to postpone was not agreed to.
The question Ming taken, by yeas and nays,
upon the amendment of Mr. Jokes, of Tennessee,
resulted—yeas 27, nays 16; as follows;
YEAS—Mnm. Adam*, Atchison, Badger,Hell,Brooke,
Butler, Chase.Clarke, Cooper, Davis, Dawson, Dodge of
Iowa, Fis-h, Geyer, Hale, Jones of Tennessee, Miller,
Morton. Pearee, Rusk, Seward, Smith, Spruance, Sumner,
Underwood. Upham, and Wade—27.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Borland, Bradbury, Bright,
Cass, Cathcart, De Sau-wure, Dodge of Wisconsin, Douglas,
Downs, Felcb, Gwin, Mason, Norris,Tancey, and Welter
—16.
So it was agreed to; and the resolution, as
amended, was adopted.
The PRESIDENT then administered to Mr.
Dixow the oath prescribed by law, and he took
his seat in the Senate.
On motion by Mr. HALE, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Movdat, December 20, 1852.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Rev. C. M. Butler.
The Journal of Friday last was read and ap-
proved.
GENERAL COMMITTEE ON CLAIMS.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi. I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House to introduce the reso-
lution which I proposed on Friday last.
There being no objection, the resolution was
read, as follows:
" Roofoed, That the Following be added to the rules of
the House of Representatives:
" There shall be appointed a standing committee of the
Boose of Bepreaeatatives. to consist of fifteen mem berg, to
be called Tike General Commiittt o* Claims, whose duty 1
il shall be to report a bill at each session of Congress making
appropriations for the payment of private claimants. It
shall be the duty of the other committees of this House,
when thev have prepared a written report in favor of any
claim, to "transmit their report, together with the evidence
on which it is bused, to said General Committee on Claims ;
and if >aid committee, alter du« examination, shall concur
in said report, thev shall insert an item for the payment of
said claim in the bill tiir the payment of private claimants,
and thereupon submit to the House the report and evidence
aloresaid, to be primed or otherwise disposed of, as the
House mav direct. And upon the demand of a single mem-
ber, a separate vole shall he had oti any section of said bill
designated by him, notwithstanding the previous question
uiay have been moved and seconded."
Mr. BROWNsaid: Mr.Speaker,itisconceded
that the present mode of treating private claims
amounts to a denial of justice, ana ought to be
changed.
For several years a proposition was urged upon
Congress to establish a board of claims. For a
time I was strongly inclined to sustain this prop-
osition; but reflection satisfied me that, to make
it efficient, it would be dangerous, and possibly a
violation of the Constitution.
A board of claims would investigate; but it is
not investigation that we want. We want action
—final action. Our present committees investi-
gate claims and report bills, but we do not pass
those bills. Bills to which there is no reasonable
objection remain for years upon the calendar with-
out action. The claimant grows weary and sirk
with hopes deferred, but Congress will not act.
The bills are not passed, and just claims are not
paid. This ought not to be. The creditors of the
Government have as much right to their pay as
the creditors of private persons.
These tedious and sickening delays ought to be
remedied. It cannot be safely done, in my judg-
ment, by the appointment of a board of claims.
It is the least objection (and yet it is an objection)
to the appointment of such a board that it will in-
crease Executive patronage, already grown quite
too large.
If such a board is created, it will, as I have
mid, give us investigation; but what then? "No
money shall be drawn from the Treasury but in
consequence of appropriations made by law,"
says the Constitution . Will you appropriate an
aggregate sum, and allow the board to check it
from the Treasury as they may see fit, and apply
it to the payment of cumI To do thia, you
must delegate to the board a power over the pub-
lic funds which belongs exclusively to Congress,
: and which I very much question your right to
transfer to another. The right to appropriate pre-
supposes the existence of an object to which the
appropriation may rightfully be made. The Con-
; stitution, in my judgment, contemplates that Con-
gress shall decide as to the merits of the object to
; which the money is to be applied before making
the appropriation. To make the appropriation
first, and then leave others to decide as to the mer-
its of the object to which it may be applied, is to
shrink from the performance of one half, and that
to the Treasury the most important half of your
duty.
Could you appropriate $10,000,000 for the sup-
port of the Army and leave to the Secretary of
War, or even to the President and Cabinet, the
privilege of applying it as he or they should see
fit? Possibly you may have the power. But its
exercise would dissatisfy the country, and strain,
if it did not break the Constitution. It would, to
say the least, be a very loose control over the pub-
lic funds. It would be a still more loose control
of them to appropriate $1,000,000 or $500,000, or
; a greater or less sum, and leave a board of com-
missioners to parcel it out among private claim-
ants as the board should adjudge right. To do
such an act would be to invite constant repetitions
of the disgraceful Gardiner frauds. I am very
confident Congress will commit no such folly.
What then shall we do? After the board has
investigated and reported favorably on claims,shall
h we pass bills to pay them ? This brings us just
, to tne point where we now are; for I repeat, it is
action, and not in vestigation, that we want—action,
action. The passage of bills, that is what we
want. And why is it that we do not act; why is
it that we do not pass bills ? It is, sir, because
. we have not confidence, we have not full con-
fidence in the investigations of our committees.
! And shall we have more confidence, I pray you,
: in a board of claims? Will we distrust our own
ji committees, and rely with confidence on the board
of claims ? . I think not. When we are called to
act, when we are called to pass bills, to make ap-
propriations, we shall have the samedifficulty that
we now have. Some doubting Thomas will ejacu-
late those cabalistic words, "I object!" and in
the twinkling the bill fades from our view, and the
poor claimant is turned away in sorrow.
I want something practical; something that will
give the claimants justice; something that will
protect the Treasury against fraud; keep the peo-
ple's money under the control of the people's rep-
resentatives, and at the same time relieve the
Speaker's table from that accumulated and accu-
mulating mass of private business under which it
has literally groaned for five-and-twenty years.
The rule which 1 propose will do this. I have
reflected on it maturely, and my confidence is
entire that it will be efficient for all the purposes
1 have indicated.
What does it propose? First, a committee of
fifteen, to be styled the General Committee on
Claims; and why a committee of fifteen ? I have,
in my own judgment, fixed a large number, be-,
cause the functions of the committee will be
onerous, varied, and perplexing. No small com-
mittee could well discharge the duties which I
propose to devolve on this general committee.
What will be the duties of this committee? To
exercise a supervisory jurisdiction, in the first
place, over all the reports from .the other com-
mittees touching private claims. To stand as a
kind of appellate court, having no original juris-
diction, but authorized and required to review the
reports of other committees, and only to ask the
action of Congress in case they approve such re-
ports; and, in the second place, to report a bill
for the payment of private claimants, the items of
which shall in all cases be founded on the approved
reports of other committees.
Allow me to illustrate, by supposed cases, the
practical workings of this rule, if it shall be
adoptrd. A claim is referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads; another to the
Committee on Public Lands, and another to the
Committee on Claims. Each of these committees
makes a favorable report. These reports, and the
evidence to sustain them, they send tothe General
Committee on Claims. Thatcommittee,afterdue
investigation, approve each one of the reports,
l and thereupon they insert a separate item in the
I bill for the payment of private claimants to cover
1 each claim, and then lay the report and evidence
! before the House to be printed, if the House shall
so direct. And so of every other claim. It will
be seen that each particular item will be sustained
by a separate report, and that report will be sup-
ported by the concurrent judgment of two sepa-
rate committees. The bill thus reported must of
necessity go to the Committee of the Whole
House, and being here considered, item by item,
every member of Congress will have ample-op-
portunity for the fullest and fairest investigation.
When the bill is at last reported to the House for
final action, each particular item will have passed
the ordeal of the three separate committees: First,
the present committee of nine; next, the proposed
committee of fifteen; and lastly, the Committee of
the Whole House. I laving thus run the gauntlet,
it seems to me no reasonable man could object to
a vote by yeas and nays as to whether the hill
should become a law. The advantages which I
anticipate are—first, thorough investigation, and
therefore entire security to the Government; and
secondly, certain action, and consequently a-hope
of justice to claimants.
If Congress can be induced to act at all, it will
generally act justly. Congress often does not act
because of the anxiety of each member to get his
; own business forward. In the general scramble
for precedence the avenues of legislation are choked
I up, private bills are neglected, and the rights of
! private parties disregarded. I desire to change this
; state of things; put all on the same footing, and
this scramble will cease. Under the rule which I
propose, we shall have but one bill instead of many
j hundred bills. The struggle which is constantly
, going on here for precedence will cease, because
> all these rival bills will be merged into one bill.
This bill will never fail of being considered and
passed. It only remains to determine whether the
checks and guards which the rule imposes will be
sufficient to protect the Treasury. In the first place,
you have the examination of the committees as
at present organized; their duties, so far as in-
