THE CONGRESSIONAL. GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
32d Conwess, 2nd Sessioh.
TUESDAY, DECEMBER 21, 1852.
New Series....No. 7.
vestigation is concerned, remain unchanged. In
the second place, we have the proposed committee I
of fifteen, with no original jurisdiction, but setting |
only as a revisory court; it is their duty to weigh
the evidence and determine whether it sustains the
report; and thirdly, we have the Committee of the |
Whole House. All these committees must pass j
affirmatively upon each section of the bill separately |
before it is laid before the House, and in the !
House the rule guaranties to every member the
ri"ht to demand a separate vote upon any section
of the bill to which he may object. Now, if does |
seem to me that if a bill has passed three commit-
tees of this House section by section, and has
then run the hazard of a separate vote by sections
in the House, no reasonable man ought to object I
to its becoming a law.
If the House does not chooseto adopt this rule,
I hope at least we shall do something fo relieve pri-
vate claimants from the crushing and overpowering
influence of a single member when pronouncing
those potential words, "I object!£' "I object!"
How often the heedless or captions use of these
words has senthonest claimants in sadness and in
sorrow from this Hall! Let us snatch from them
this unnatural power and restore them to their ori-
ginal modest position in our political vocabulary,
and we shallhave taken one step at least towards
a salutary reform.
Mr. DARBY. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce a bill, the object of
which is to settle difficulties in relation to certain
land titles in the State of Missouri, merely for the
purpose of reference.
Mr. BROWN. I will not object, unless it in-
terferes with my resolution.
The SPEAKER. It will not interfere with, the
resolution before the House, if introduced by
unanimous consent.
Mr. DARBY then, by unanimous consent, arid
in pursuance of previous notice, introduced the
following bill; which was read a first and second
time b^ its title, and referred to the Committee on
Public Lands, viz:
A bill to wttle di pnfes and difficulties In relation to cer-
tain land titles in the State of Mie*ouri.
Mr. SWEETSER. The proposition of the
gentleman from Mississippi [Mr. Brown] is an
important one; and without having had time to
examine it or to reflect upon it, I speak from first
impressions. I feel disposed to state to the House
the objections which present themselves to my
mind, before allowing such a reso'ution to pass.
This resolution proposes to establish an appel-
late jurisdiction to the present Committee on
Claims appointed under the standing rules of the
House, for the purpose of a preliminary investi-
gation of claims which may be presented for the
action of Congress, It seems to me that every
gentleman who has had any experience in relation
to claims in this House, must be satisfied that
there is no necessity of throwing additional ob-
structions in the way of presenting them here;
and I do not want to create any additional obsta-
cles. There is now already a conflict between the
iurisdiction of some of the committees of this
tTouse. I will not consume the time of the House
upon that subject; but will proeeed to state briefly
my points of objection.
I oppose this proposition upon the ground that
it will throw difficulties in the way of presenting
claims before this House, and will be productive
of no good; but, on the contrary, it will produce
embarrassment instead of sweepingaway the dif-
ficulties which the gentleman who has presented
it anticipates. *
But there is another objection to thist proposi-
tion, and one which strikes at the very foundation
of the whole plan. This resolution proposes to
put into the hands of this general committee, all
the claims which may have been approved by the
standing^ Committee on Claims, and the other
standing committees of the House, as well as bills
that may come here from the Senate. This com-
mittee is to have the supervision and report a gen-
eral bill, upon which, to u'great extent, the whole
mass will be carried through or defeated together,
without an. opportunity of testing the merits of
any one proposition by itself. Such must be the
practical result. Now, Mr. Speaker^ the result of
this policy will be, that instead of being able to
investigate fully and fairly, as we now do, the
claims of individuals, they will all be put upon one
common platform, and disposed of by one vote.
Under this state of things, like other bills in which
the great western interests are involved, combi-
nations will be formed which will parry the whole
through, because they cannot be separated with-
out sundering the combinations upon which the
report was produced, when perhaps some members
would desire to vote for a portioe, and against the
residue. The instrumentalities which produced
the favorable report would be pledged to war upon
any attempt to mar the beauty and symmetry of
the bill, as a whole.
I am not one of those who desire any new fa-
cilities for invading the Treasury of the country.
I am not in favor of affording any new facilities
for the prosecution of fraudulent claims which are
seeking payment from the people's representa-
tives. This House, holding, as it does, the equita-
ble conscience of the nation, should be careful
in its action upon such matters. The general
provisions of law for the liquidation of claims
are exceedingly liberal, and with a liberal admin-
istration of the Government, my judgment is,
an adequate remedy is generally found in the
Executive branch of the Government, and that a
•large proportion of the claims presented to Con-
gress ought not to meet with favor arfywhere.
I have been in Washington long enough to be
aware of the instrumentalities used in the advocacy
of claims here, and I will never give mv vote for
the purposes of increasing the approaches to the
Treasury through the House of Representatives.
Why, sir, I will present you Vith a single case
in point. Take the bill which passed the House
I at the last session, in which most of the western
' members felt more or less interest—the river and
harbor bill. Take all the river and harbor bills
which have been passed by this House, and it is
well known that if the sum total of the appropria-
tions had been presented in separate bills, not one
half of them would ever have received thelites of
members that were known to be favorable to river
and harbor' appropriations. I voted for all these
bills, yet there has not been one reported to this
House which has met my approbation in detail.
Western gentlemen have voted for those bills
which took millions out of the Treasury in order
that they might get a small portion of what they
thought their particular section greatly needed,
and were justly entitled to; and when we are
arraigned by our constituents for giving these
votes, the only reply we can make is, that we are
compelled to give them in order to secure appro-
priations for our own sections of the country.
For the purpose of building up our own interests
.we are compelled to surrender theTreasury of the
country to those men who seek to run in their
arms up to their elbows. Bat establish this gen-
eral committee—this appellate jurisdiction from
the Committee on Claims, and the other commit-
tees who may*have charge of private claims, and
you will have in one bill various claims, which may
be disposed of by a combination ofinterest, adverse
to the public Treasury. You will permit these
men, whose tender feelings sometimes mislead their
judgments, to come here and vote the money out
of the Treasury, where, as representatives, they
should prefer duty to sympathy—should beguard-
ians, instead ofaiding in plundering the Treasury.
There is no getting round this matter. 11 seems
to me that there is no man, who has had any
corlsiderable experience in the House, that will
not readily give his assent to the practical working
of the proposed measure, to the effect as stated.
It is dangerous not only to the fair investigation
of an individual claim of merit, but it is dangerous
to the Treasury to send these claims en masse to
this House, for its action through a general com-
mittee. No, sir, I am opposed to the whole
.proposition.. I voted against the proposition if,
the Thirty-first Congress to establish a board of
claims.
I repeat, if the Executive branch of the Govern-
ment pursues anything like a liberal policy in ita
adjudication of demands made upon the Govern-
ment, the citizens have ample opportunity to have
all just claims liquidated. With fraudulent claim-
ants, I have no sympathy. If the general laws
are deficient, let us apply the proper remedy. I
do not hesitate to avow my favorable opinion to a
change of the policy in relation to the adjudication of
claims against the Government. I would strip from
the Government its present transcendent shield,
and permit individuals to suetheGovernment in the
ordinary tribunals of the country, in the locality
where the cause of action originated, and not com-
pel citizens to come to Washington to seek indi-
rectly what they have a right to demand at the
hands of court and jury in their own vicinage.
Let the remedies which are common between
man and map apply to the Government; when that
change is made, and not till then will the evils,
' delays, and injustice complained of, be remedied.
! I undertake to say that a law which we passed
1 tit the last session, which further shields the Gov-
ernment from the importunities of agents and at-
| torneys, and renders all such fiduciary void in the
1 dealings of the Government, was a great error,
and it seems that every step taken is better calcu-
lated to augment existing evils, than to give reme-
! dies for existing evils either to the citizen or the
Government. It was my opinion at the time we
I passed that law, that it was an outrage. I think
| so yet. I think we had better change our policy,
' andinstead of increasingcommittees of this House,
! I would rather throw open the doors of the courts
of justice, and let every man who has an honest
claim against the Government, have redress in the
courts of justice. All this idea that the Govern-
ment can do no wrong, and that it always pays its
creditors, when a just demand is made, in my
judgment, is long since exploded. I wduld open
the courts of justice, and let every man, wh# has
a claim against the Government for a violation of
contract, or otherwise, have it submitted and de-
termined upon, as are claims between man and
man.
[Here a message was received from the Senate
by the hands of Asbdry Dickins, its Secretary,
informing the House that the Senate had chosen
the Hon. David R. Atchison their President pro
tempore.]
Mr. S., (resuming.) I hope, before the House
seriously passes upon a proposition of this kind,
those gentlemen who take an interest in this class
of questions, will look into this matter, and if the
time has come when there should be a change of
policy, let us make that change which will relieve
the National Legislature from this burden. _ If the
Government stands out, through its Executive de-
partments, and through its officers, against honest
claims of individuals, let them go into the courts
of justice, and there have their redress against the
Government as they would against individuals,
and submit their case to a jury who are better pre-
pared to do justice both to the Government and to
individuals, than any committee of this House.
This extension of power, and this attempt to
create an appellate jurisdiction, in my judgment,
is only increasing difficulties. I would as soon
trust the present Committee on Claims, with the
careful and distinguished gentleman [Mr. Daniel)
who is at the head of that committee, as I would
this committee of fifteen; because, as honorable
gentlemen know perfectly well, these claims will
be apportioned out to the individual members of
that committee, who will report their judgment to
the committee, which will be adopted by them
withoutany further in vestigation s provided always,
that it would be possible to ever get a quorum in
a committee of fifteen ; and thus in fact the renort
of the committee is the ret>ort of a single individ-
ual. It would give no additional security either
to the validity or the truthfulness of the ^claim;
hut on the contrary, it will impede legislation ta
some extent, and throw difficulties in the way; in
oj.her words, it will mp,ke more men to be ap-
