1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
99
Mr. BROWN. I wish to correct the geutle-
nvw as lit* j oi?8 along, because 1 do not intend to !
occupy the floor again. The gentleman ia mis-
taken in one of his points, and it is litis: He talka
about appointing a committee to sit in vacation.
Sm-Si a committee is wholly unnecessary, because
1 repeat that investigation before committees is not
what you want. You have enough of investiga-
tion and enough of reports, and more than enough.
W hat we do' want is final and definite action.
This committee, sir, ia intended to combine all
favorabk reports in one proposition, so that in-
stead of being compelled to pass one hundred
separate lulls, to go one hundred times through
the same legislative forms, you accomplish the
whale by going through them once.
The gentleman seems to apprehend, if unfa-
vorable reports are made by the committees, as
they are now organized, that wilt be the end of
the'claim. Nut so, sir; if the committees report un-
favorably, they will report to the House precisely
as they now do. I do not propose ifi this rule to
interfere at all with the present mode of disposing
of unfavorable reports, but I propose that favora-
ble reports shall ail pass in review before this com-
mittee of fifteen, and if approved, the bills that
follow them shall be combined in one general bill.
I would not send unfavorable reports to this com-
mittee, because it is, as you will perceive, to be
purely a committee of revision. If errors have
been committed ia favor of claimants below, the
Government will have t(je advantage of a revision
of them before this committee; but if the report is1*
unfavorable it is made to the House, and treated
as such reports now are. I hope I am understood.
Mr. CLEVELAND. I am grateful for the
gentleman's explanation. Suppose one hundred
bills be reported favorably from the Committee on
Claims, and being sent to the committee of fifteeto,
where claimants are subjected to a new trial and
further trouble, and that committee after examin-
ation report in favor of only sixty-five, what be-
comes of the other thirty-five ? The other com-
mittees of the House report on all subjects com-
mitted to their charge, favorably or otherwise.
Mr. BROWN. When a case should have been
favorably reported upon by the present Committee
on Claims, and sent up to the general committee
on claims, and that general committee rejects it,
it will be returned to the Committee on Claims,
who can report it to the House as having received
their favorable action, but the unfavorable action i
of the general committee. It has then a better
chance for getting into the general bill by way of
amendment than if it had been reported against by
the Committee on Claims; so that the claimant, or
his representative, need not despair.
Mr. CLEVELAND. The House, I think, by
this time has seen that the committee proposed to
be raised is unnecessary, and that the additional
machinery will be very troublesome. It is to class '
the claims and class the reports. All the ad van- '
tages the gentleman promises to the country on the
adoption of his proposition, is simply this—and if
I mistake he will correct me—that there shall be
reported a general bill embracing such claims as
are reported favorably upon by the Committee on
Claims, and of which the general committee ap-
prove. It seems to me that it would be better and
cheaper, instead of creating a new committee, to
allow the existing one to report a general bill em-
bodying all the claims they have passed favorably
upon. It would be quite aa well as to have the ,
claims go through another mill.
Mr. BROWN. Allow who to combine them ?'
Mr. CLEVELAND. The Committee on ;
Claims. !
Mr. BROWN. Would fpa require the Com- ;
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads, the I
Committee on Indian Affairs, and twenty other
committees, to investigate private claims of various
kinds, and to send those favorably acted upon to
the Committee on Claims ? Do you propose to
make the Committee on Claims revise the reports
of all the other committees? Is that what you
mean ? . |
Mr. CLEVELAND. Tbe Committee on |
Claims are now required to report separate bills i
for each particular claimant; but I think the course !
I have proposed would be preferable to the one the !
gentleman advocates. |
Mr. BROWN. The gentleman does not seem
to apprehend ray point. The Committee on Claims
in this House do not report all your private bills.
Many come from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads. Private claims are acted
on ami reported by other committees besides the
Committee on Claims-
Mr. CLEVELAND. Does the gentleman pro-
pose that the committee of fifteen shall htive the
supervision of reports from all other committees
en private claims ?
•Mr. BROWN. I propose that they shall re-
vise reports on claims, whether they come from
the Committee on Claims or any other committee.
Mr. CLEVELAND. The presumption is that
all claims are sent to the Committee on Claims with
rare exceptions. It seems to me that there are dif-
ficulties attending this measure greater than those
intended to be remedied. As I have said already,
in my judgment, the difficulty can be overcome by
members attending in their places, and devoting
private bill days exclusively to the consideration
of private claims.
And,sir, I repeat again, that it does seem to me
if 1 have a claim against the Government, and my
neighbor has twenty others, that I ought to have
the privilege of having it examined by the only tri-
bunal to which I can appeal, independent of those
twenty, and separately reported upon, whether
favorably or not. If the report be for me, let it
go to the Committee of the Whole and undergo
investigation; and if it be against me, let me have
an opportunity of ad vocating its justice. I do not
believe in grouping claims. Without any such
intention on the part of the mover of the proposi-
tion, I know it would give an admirable oppor-
tunity for log-rolling. Claims would be passed
through that committee with great facility, as every
one will see. I would much rather simplify than
render more complicated our proceedings here.
The addition of new committees would embarrass
the action of the House, and lead to incorrect re-
sults. In my judgment, the proposition is fraught
with great danger. I hold that every man who
has a claim against the Government, has a right
to have that claim heard and acted upon by the
only tribunal that has the power to pay. And
' permit me to say, that because we cannot be sued
is the very reason, if we are honorable men, why
we should not delay an hour's action on any honest
claim against the Government. Throwing obsta-
cles in the way of claims because we have the
I power to do so, and crying out "Save the Treas-
II ury" Save the Treasury!" is not the honorable
dealing expected of us. The American people say
| to claimants, that the American Congress, pre-
sumed to be composed of the most honorable and
enlightened men in the country, will, if you have
a just claim ^consider and promptly act upon it.
But what is the fact ? You have a great deal of
maneuvering,, not for the purpose of> defeating '
unjust claims, because you can do that>on a hear-
ing and trial, but for the purpose of preventing
any trial or consideration of claims at ail. It is
an evil which the whole country suffers from. It
is an evil which ought to be remedied, but which
cannot be remedied, in my judgment, by the crea-
tion of new committees. Let the jury be empan-
neled, and let them sit their regular hours, and
after investigation of a case, submit a report. And
if then aelaim be rejected, the claimant should rest
satisfied, for he has no cause of complaint. I shall
vote against the gentleman's resolution.
Mr. STUART. I believe, Mr. Speaker, the
question presented by the resolution of the gentle-
man from Mississippi, for the decision of the
House, to be a very important one; and I shall
state, as briefly as I can, my objections to it. To
these objections I respectfully ask the attention of
members. I pledge myself, in the outset, to ab-
stain from the discussion of the propriety or im-
propriety of claims, and whetheror not they should
be paid. I only request attention for a few mo-
ments to the practical effect of the proposition;
for, sir, it is not unfrequently that we are en-
tirely misled as to the practical result of a propo- 1
sition in this House. To illustrate.' The first day j
of this session I submitted a motion making it tbe j
special order to devote one hour each day to the j
consideration of business on the Speaker's table. j
The gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. Cling- j
man] suggested, by way of question to the Speak-"
er, whether it was not in order each day for a .
majority of the House to proceed to the consider-
ation of the business on the Speaker's table. The
Chair responded in the affirmative, and my prop- j
osition vu voted down. I
J We have sat here a fortnight, and in that fort-
j nieht there has not heen a moment when'it was in
: order under our rules w move to go to the busi-
ness upon the Speaker's table. What iB the rea-
son? "You cannot submit that motion until the
morning hour has not only expired, but has been
used according to the order of business. You
must employ the morning hour till its expiration
before you can submit a motion to go to the busi-
ness upon theSpeaker's table. Now, we may sit
here for threemonths, and it may never be in order
to go to the business upon the Speaker's table.
There is the practical effect of the answer and
question. What is the practical effect of this prop-
osition? The question is, whether you will give
the entire business of adjudicating claims in this
House to fifteen members appointed by the Chair
without any appeal? I say that is the practical
effect, because 1 am not to be misled by theory.
Let us see how it will operate. Every committee
in this House, no matter what its character, that
has before it a piivate claim, after having investi-
gated that claim, and decided favorably to it, is to
send up that report, if printed, to this committee
of fifteen members. If not printed, of course it
is not moved at all.
Mr. BROWN. The gentleman is entirely mis-
taken. There is nothing in the resolution about
printing the reports at all. Itsays that the reports
shall "be in writing.
Mr. STUART. I beg the gentleman's pardon.
I meant to say in writing, and I am much obliged
to the gentleman for the correction. I say if the
report is in. writing, it is to be sent to this com-
mittee. If it is not in writing, it does not find its
way there at all. We will suppose that it has
gone there. Then that committee rejects a por-
tion of the claims which the first committees have
allowed. Is there any remedy? None at all.
This resolution does not provide any remedy at
all for such claims as have been rejected, and they
may not be renewed by this House.
Mr. BROWN. Why not?
Mr. STUART. I will tell the gentleman why
not. If that committee allows a given portion of
I these claims, then they are to report a general ap-
, propriation bill to pay them. That appropriation
bill is to be composed of the items of each par-
ticular case. Now we will suppose that there are
fifty items. We will suppose that out of those
J fifty items there are forty for which I desire to
I vote, and ten which I desire to vote against. This
1 amendment provides that I may move a separate
j vote upon each claim. Suppose that a majority
of the House vote against me to retain those
I claims. Then I shall have to vote for the ten that
| I believe to be utterly wrong, in order to give my
i vote in favor of forty. This bill will eome up,
' like other appropriation bills, at the heel of the
, session; and let me ask here, at this very point,
who hag got any time and opportunity to examine
all the reports of these committees, and see what
claim is entitled to his vote and what is not? I
ask the attention of the House to the way in
! which we consider ofher general appropriation
] bills, and see if we are not compelled to rely upon'
| committees. Threefifthsof the House, and prob-
ably nine tenths of this House, are compelled to
vote large amounts of money out of the Treasury
of the' United States upon the faith of the Com-
mittee on Ways and Means.
Mr. BROWN. I wish to ask the gentleman a
question in reply to one of Tiis arguments made
somemoments ago. I do it now because thesame
argument has been since made from other quar-
ters. He says, suppose the bill comes up with
fifty items in it, forty of which he would be
willing to vote for, but ten of which he desires to
vote against—what is he to do? I take it for
granted he is to do what we all do in reference to
other appropriation bills. The objection would
apply with as much force to any of the appropria-
tion bills which come before the House as to this,
because they are all made up of items. If the
good items greatly preponderate over the bad, we
vote for the whole, and vice versa.
Mr. STUART. That ia true, and it is a serious ,
objection to the general appropriation Ijills; and if
it were practicable to carry on the business of the
Government, and have each appropriation in a
separate bill, there is not a man of sixty days' ex-
perience in Congresp tbat would not favor it. But
the question now involved in this proposition is,
whether we will increase the evil—whether I shall
