100
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec 20,
be compelled, as a member of this House, to vote
for claims that I believe, and perhaps know, to be
wrong, in order that other claims may be passed
which I deem to be right. Shall we increase an evil
which now exists ? I wish to call the attention of
the House to this practical view of the subject, as
I humbly submit. I ask what opportunity would
there be to any gentleman of this House, no mat-
ter how industrious, to take up the various writ-
ten reports of all the committees of this House
upon private claims, examine them at length, and
determine for himself whether they should be paid
or not? There is not a man living who coula do
it. So that practically the proposition submitted
to the House now, is nothing more nor less than
whether you will submit the entire question of
private claims to fifteen gentlemen without an ap-
peal , for 1 say that is the practical effect of it. It is
true, as I have just stated, it comes up to the House
to be voted upon, but there is no time or oppor-
tunity for investigation. It is a general appro-
priation bill, and passing in the last hours of the
session, may be amended by the Senate like
other appropriation bills, and come back here, and
what is the consequence? Why, a committee of
conference are appointed to finally adjust the bill
to their liking, and it has to be passed by this
House relying entirely upon their judgment, and
without any other knowledge. Having seen as
much as I have of the practical evils growing out
of this species of legislation, for one 1 am utterly
opposed to increasing them.
An objection was raised by the gentleman from
Connecticut, [Mr. Cleveland,] which ought not
to be overlooked, And that is the benefit of an ad-
verse report. As we act upon these claims now,
the minority of the committee make a report of
their own. The courtesy of legislation authorizes
it to be printed, and if it is a claim which I have
presented, and which I understand, and in which
the interests of my constituents are largely inter-
ested, I have the remedy of calling up that adverse
report when the bill comes up for consideration,
and I have the privilege of presenting fully to my
fellow-members of the House the facts, and I get
their judgment, and it is not unfrequentiy the case
that they overrule the majority of the committee,
and pass the claim because it is right.
Mr. BROWN. Will*the gentleman allow me
to interrupt him at this point? I am sure the gear
tleman could not have heard my res pons* to the
same argument when made by the gentleman from
Connecticut, [Mr. Cleveland,] or he would not
have repeated it in almost the very language in
which it was stated before. This resolution will
not, let me inform the gentleman from Michigan,
interfere at all with the present mode of disposing
of nnfavorable reports. They will be made to the
House precisely as they are now made, and will
be subject to the same action which the gentleman
say >he can now get. It does not interfere with
the rule at all. It only proposes to combine those
which are favorably reported upon in one bill, and 
leave those which are unfavorably reported upon
precisely where they now rfre. ,
Mr. STUART. I am very loth to detain the
House a moment longer; but the gentleman, I ap-
prehend, will see the practical difficulty in getting
along with his answer. We have now a Private
Calendar upon which each of the bills favorably re- i
ported upon is placed. Adverse reports standing j
alone, would not go there at all. There is no right j
under the parliamentary law, to bring them into
this House with this amendment, and the amend-
ment propdse* none. .
Mr. BROWN. It does not change the rule as !
it now stands.
Mr. STUART. I beg the gentleman's pardon.
I will show him in a moment that it does, and I
ask the Chair to correct me if I am in an error.
When can an adverse report be submitted to the
House? Not until a favorable report has been
made. After the majority of a committee have
reported on a measure, then the minority get up
and ask the courtesy of the House, because they
have no such right, for leave to file an adverse re-
port. If the majority report haa gone to a com-
mittee of fifteen, by what parliamentary law have
the minority the right to report to tke House?
None at all, and they cannot do it. So I repeat!
the more you look into the question and its prac-
tical effects, the more you will see the difficulties.
I say in conclusion, for I have great reluctance in
detaining the House, what will be conceded by
i: everybody, that the present mode of adjusting
1 claims is not what it ought to be. * I have some
views of my own upon that subject which, at the
proper time, I shall submit; but I will not attempt
to do it now. I simply ask the House to confine
their attention to the effect of this measure as a
mode of transacting the private business, and if
they will do that, I do think the House will come
| to the conclusion that we shall not only get into
inextricable confusion, but shall do more injustice
to private claimants, and to the Government also,
than we now do.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Illinois. I have only a
word or two to say in relation to this matter. I
apprehend that there is not a gentleman on this
floor, who has paid any attention to the progress
of private claims through this House, who is not
fully impressed with a knowledge of the necessity
for the adoption of some measure or some rule
calculated to facilitate action upon them. It is
not alone the rejection of private claims, which
may be in themselves meritorious, which is vexa-
tious to the claimants, but it is the great delay
occasioned to them after they have presented their
claims to this House for adjudication. They re-
main here one session, and perhaps two; but
finally they are compelled to confide their claims
to some of the numerous agents who are to be
found here; and when they have been prosecuted to
, a successful termination; after their oyn expenses
have been taken out, and the percentage, which
is generally the largest part of their claims, has
; been paid to their agents, they have very little left
for themselves. Now, does this proposition of
the gentleman from Mississippi [Mr. Brown] in
any relieve these claimants from the difficulties
j which they are compelled to encounter? In my
judgment it does, at least to some extent. The
great objection I see to it is that it makes an omni-
bus bill—to which I am opposed—of all the claims
which may come before Congress; and creates a
mutuality of interests which would be brought to
bear upon carrying all of these claims through at
the same time. But there can bfe no plan sug-
gested of this character, perhaps, to which there
may not be serious objections urged. The ques-
tion is, will this proposition relieve claimants to
any extent from the difficulties under Which they
now labor? < - >- .-si '
Now, 1 apprehend tbttv.i#*acii *tt ng as a
meritorious claim against the Government of the
United States, notwithstanding there are a great
many presented here which are not meritorious;
but such as these are not small claims. This reso-
lution is intended to aid those claimants who have
: small claims, but not those who have large ones;
for in relation to the large claims which come be-
| fore the H use, their very magnitude affords them
facilities for pressing them before the House.
Small claimants are those who need assistance,
i and it is of such that I row intend to speak. The
difficulty in regard to such claims, under the course
, now pursued, seems to be that after the claim has
j been referred to the Committee on Claims that
committee have no opportunity of reporting it.
After they have heard the evidence in relation to
it, and have decided upon its justice, they have no
opportunity of bringing their decision before the
House; and for that reason the claimant does not
get a hearing before the House at all.
Now, if the proposition of the gentleman from
Mississippi [Mr. Bhown] should be adopted, the
decision of the Committee on Claims, or of what-
ever committee having charge of the claim, would
be reported to this general committee, and after
having undergone its supervision, would be re-
ported in a general bill; and that general bill
would, in my judgment, pass at that session of
Congress.
Now, suppose the majority should decide to re-
ject a claim which the minority thought had merit
m k, would it be placed in a worse position under
the action proposed by this resolution than it
would be if the resolution should not be adopted ?
In my judgment, not. The aiaimant would have
the same opportunity then as now to press his
claim. The same rule would be in force which
now authorizes him to bring his claim before the
House. The same rule which now authorizes the
minority report to be considered by the House,
will then lie in force. Let this report then be
placed in the hands of this general committee, that
they may examine the evidence upon which it is
founded; and if they become satisfied with its cor-
| rectness, they will place the claim in a general bill;
i and when that general bill comes up for the final
action of the House, should any gentleman have
. objection to it, the resolution provides that he may
have a separate vote upon each separate item
therein.
The gentleman from Michigan [Mr. Stcart]
says if he were in favor of forty items in the bill,
and opposed to ten, he should have to vote for all.
Well, sir, that would be no very great misfortune
to that gentleman. I remember at the last ses-
sion, when the river and harbor bill was before the
House, that there was an item in the bill to which
the gentleman was opposed, and which, if there
had been a President who had had any constitu-
, tional scruples in reference to appropriations of
1 that peculiar character, would have caused him td
reject the whole bill on its account; but although
the gentleman admitted that it was wrong, yet, for
fear he might lose the whole bill, he voted for that
item. I epeuk of the item to improve the harbor
at Dubuque, on the Mississippi river.
Mr. STUART. If the gentleman will allow
me a moment—-what he states of my vote upon
jhat river and harbor bill is true. I am free to
say that I did sacrifice my own opinions in regard
to one item, for the purpose of saving the whole
bill, which I conceived to be important to the in-
terests of the country. But! want the gentleman
to tell me now whether it is proper to involve an-
other matter in the same difficulties, by a process
of legislation which will bring it into the same cat-
'egory with that to which he alludes ?
Mr. CAMPBELL. Acting upon thesameprin-
ciple upon which the gentleman did then, if by
doing a little evil he could do a great deal of good
—if by passing one claim which he did not con-
ceive to be meritorious, he could secure the pas-
sage of a great number of meritorious ones—would
it not be right to vote for that claim? Would it
not be right and properfor him, as a conscientious
legislator, rpther than that these just claims should
be rejected, to vote for others which, though he
might perhaps conceive had some merit in them,
yet were not sufficiently meritorious to induce him
to vote for them if taken by themselves? But I
have only brought this one case up as an illustra-
tion of the position in which the gentleman places
himself, though I do not conceive the rejection of
that item in the river and harbor bill wouM have
| lost the bill, because it would have gone back to
the Senate, and they would have been compelled
to recede from that appropriation, which was one
for the improvement of a little harbor in the inte-
rior of the country, and for the benefit of a sinele
locality.
Mr. Speaker, claims of great magnitude which
are presented here, always have friends to press
them upon the attention of the House, and it is
| right that there should be some one here to pro-
tect the Treasury against them. The gentleman
from Connecticut [Mr. Cleveland] says the man
who resists a meritorious claim here, is as guilty
of a great injustice as the one who would present
and press a fraudulent one. Now, it seems to roe
that he who resists a meritorious claim in the man-
ner in which claims are resisted here, does not oc-
cupy the position which the gentleman from Con-
necticut would make him occupy. It is necessary
to investigate these claims; and in order to investi-
gate them they must b« resisted or objected to;
for, unless they are resisted by some one, in what
will consist the investigation? When I first took
my seat upon this floor, I thought my friend from
Tennessee [Mr. Jones] was rather meddlesome in
matters which did not exactly concern him; but
when I had been here a little longer, and came to
see how claims were pressed upon this House, and
how money was taken out of the Treasury, and
sought to be taken out of it, I soon changed my
opinion in relation to the course and policy of that
gentleman. It is necessary, as I before said, to
nave these claims investigated; and, in order to
have them investigated, objection must be made to
their passage. I believe that gentleman saves the
country hundreds of thousands of dollars every
session of Congress, which would otherwise have
been paid for claims which have no foundation in
justice. I repeat, sir, the only object in resisting
these claims is for the purpose of investigation;
and the claim that will not bear investigation be-
fore this body, does not deserve to be enacted into
a law.
The resolution of the gentleman ftoih Missis-
