1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
103
fern- wotikl hare doubted thetruthof the statement.
And l'roiu whom is this relief despaired of? From
two hundred mid ihirty-three of the most intelli-
gent men in the nation, who have established such
rules over themselves, that like idiots, they are
unable to help themselves. This is a Grod's truth.
We all know and all feel it. The consciousness
of it will seize even those who harden their hearts
to know no right against the Treasury of the na-
tion, and who say " we will pay nothing. We
will fight every man who says this Government
owes him a dollar." Go back, Mr. Speaker,
through the few years I have been here—and it
has not been long, but it has been long enough to
make me acquainted with these facts—and recall
the efforts that have been mAde to untie the fet-
tered hands of this branch of Congress. The prop-
osition that is submitted by my friend from Mis-
sissippi [Mr. Biovk] to-day, has never been
offered and rejected before in this Hall. B<it the
proposition in the amendment of the honorable gen-
tleman from Mississippi [M r. Freem an]Io give the
district courts of the United States jurisdiction,
and to allow all claimants to sue the Government,
and refer the subject to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, with instructions to bring in a bill embody-
ing this object, advocated with as much clearness
and earnestness, and with apparently as bright a
prospect of success, was voted down in this House.
So it is; every prosposition for the promotion of
speedy justice to honest claimants, is met by bitter
opposition. Cries resound on all sides, that if they*
are passed, the doors of the Treasury will be thrown
wide open by frauds of ail kinds. But this is not
all. A bill creating a board for the adjudication
of private claims, and for the relief of claimants
who are and have been unjustly and oppressively
debarred from their rights, now lies helplessly on
the table of the Speaker, or unnoticed on the Gen-
eral Calendar, that fathomless grave we have fash-
ioned for the rights of oar own people, and the
labors of our own members.
Bat let us suppose that the Judiciary report a
bill. Then the liill reported by the Judiciary can-
not be got through; for the very same obstacles
which exist to relief, in relation to claims, exist
in regard to that bill, and will not cease to exist.
Look again at the history of this matter a little
further. 1 have been distressed—and so has every
man in this House, more or less—by the feeling of
perfect helplessness, when appeals have been made
to us to do justice for this man, and theother, that
we can do nothing at all, although we may have I
thoroughly examined the claims, and been satisfied 1
that there is merit in them, and that justice ought '
to be done by their passage. Then do claimants
go out and say, In the name of God, what sort of ,
legislation is that, and what sort of body are you }
Look at the attempt whieh was made to establish
a board of claims. Can you get any proposition
at all, with whieh gentlemen will be satisfied? If
you propose a board to adjudicate them, u is op-
posed bitterly, and at once. History hold* plain
before you the ghost of every board that has ex-
isted for the purpose of adjudicating claims, foreign
and domestic, and all their sins are paraded hens.
I do not believe that a majority of this House will
support any such proposition, although a plan of
the sort is now reported for the purpose of settling
and getting clear of these difficulties. Every prop-
osition of this nature that is introduced fails of
success, and there is no. hope of doing what is
right and just in regard to the adjustment of pri-
vate claims, if you have to secure this object by
the passage of a bill-, for any bill having such an
object in view, will fail through the very same
process by which in every instanoe all these things
nitherto have been defeated. We all know that
there ought to be action in regard to this matter.
The chief objections, and the most plausible ones,
which have been urged against the proposition
before the House, seem to me to be really without
foundation, and can be easily obviated. I do not
know or say that this is the best method which
can be devised for the settlement of private claims,
but I do know that when you get a general appro-
priation bill before the House, you have a chance
to consider it, and when you place such a bilfys
this upon the foo'ing of general appropriation bills, ;
it will at least be considered.
The objection which is. made in regard -to claims I
coming in together in one bill, forming a log-roll- i
ing omnibus, is an objection which ean be made i
to every general appropriation bill. How is the i
fact? If you will look to the process by which
these bills must be considered, you will satisfy
yourselves at once that it is the only way of reach-
ing and acting justly upon these cases. In order
that you may see it more, plainly, I call your at-
tention to the fact that you cannot have a discus-
sion of more than three or four private claims
during a whole Congress. Look at the great num-
ber of cases which have for so long a time had a
place upon your Calendar; and even supposing
that you do pass thirty or forty claims every Con-
gress, how is it done? You pass them without
knowing anything about them under the solicita-
tion of members tor whom you may have a kind
and friendly feeling, and not that they are just and
meritorious claims. They get up and ask the
unanimous consent of the House to make a lew
brief remarks in regard to their cases, and nobody
objecting, their bills under the previous question
are passed through this House. That is a beau-
tiful illustration of the working of the present
system, of the disregard of that just spirit with
which we should always act. If you adopt a
general bill, that kind of business is over, and
there wiH be no more of this sort of legislation.
A private claim must then go into a general appro-
priation bill; and what takes place when it goes
there? Precisely the same course is takan there
as with any other general appropriation bill. In
the first place, there is one advantage which will
accrue from this course, and that will be in the sav-
ing of the time of the House, because each Friday
and Saturday, which are now devoted to private
claims, must stand devoted to that particular and
specific object. When Friday and Saturday come
trouq.d, that bill comes up for consideration, and
you debate it until the House is satisfied with the
general uebateupon it. Thedebate is then closed,
but the bill cannot be taken out of the committee
until, under the five minutes rule, it is read and
debated section by section; and thus it is purified
and revised, so as to stand the test of the majority
of this House, after the five minutes debate shall
have ceased.
1 ask who are they who oppose all action in re-
gard to this matter? Some advocate one propo-
sition, and some another, but we all know that
we ought to do something. 1 am firm in the be-
lief that the principle of the proposition we are
now discussing is the very best thing which can
be adopted, ft was a most happy conception of
the gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr. Brown.] I
say, in justice to ourselves and the country, we
ought to do something, for now our hands are
completely bound, and we are completely helpless
in this matter of settling and disposing of a most
interestingand perplexing class of the, public busi-
ness. In compliance with my promise, 1 call the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The question being upon Mr. Freeman's
amendment to the resolution,
Mr. FREEMAN demanded tellers; which
were ordered; and Messrs. Bennett and Savage
were appointed.
The question was then taken, and there were—
ayes 63, noes 73.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
• The question then recurred upon the adoption
of Mr.- Brown's resolution.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Some days ago,
when the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Chandler,] as I learn, made a request to the
House that when we were dividing by tellers
upon a question, the gentleman from Missouri
[Mr. Darby] might be permitted to vote in his
seat, I was understood to have objected to it.
Nothing could have been further from my inten-
tion. I have no recollection of having heard such
a request; and i now.ask that the House will
grant him that right for the balance of the session.
[Cries of" Agreed !" " Agreed!" " Agreed !"J
Mr. DARBY. I wish to say a, word or two
upon this matter. I am extremely sorry that I
should be the occasion of any delay in the busi-
ness of the House. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Chavdlbr,] it is true, at the time
referred to, was kind enough to ask that I should
be excused from voting by passing between the
tellers. As I understood at the time, and as the
report shows, thegentleman fromTennessee [Mr.
Jonei] objected to taf voting, unless these was a
recount made at the time. The Chairman fftfr.
Stuart] decided that there could be no leave
granted me to vote in that way, as the Chair had
decided the vote to be 70 in the affirmative and 70
in the negative. After the gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Jones] had made the objection, which
I did not at all attribute' to him as any personal
objection to me, and after a new vote was ordered,
I did take the arm of a gentleman near me and
pass between the tellers as I have upon every other
occasion when the House was divided on a vote
by tellers. When the gentleman who sits near
me [Mr. Williams] troubled the House by ask-
ing leave for me to be excused from passing be-
tween the tellers, I objected on this account, that I
preferred what little exercise I could get for my
o'wn benefit. I am under many and great obliga-
tions t6 the House for its extreme courtesy and
kindness ever since 1 have been here. With these
remarks, I will say nothing further.
Mr. STANLY demanded the-yeas and nays
upon the adoption of the resolution.
Mr. STUART moved that it be laid upon the
table. *
Mr. BROWN demanded the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
The question was then taken, and the reBult
was—yeas 77, nays 90; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Averett,Thos. H. Bayly, Beale,
Bell, Bocock, Bowie, J. H. Boyd, Briggs, Buell, Burrows,
Clark, Cleveland, Curtis, John G. Davis, Dawson, East-
man, Fitch, Floyd, Freeman, Thos. J. D. Fuller, Gamble,
Giliuore, Goodenow, Goodrich, H arper, Hebard, Hendricks,
Hibbard, Holladay, Horsford, Howard, John W. Howe,
Jngersoll, Andrew Johnson, James Johnson," J. Glancy'
Jones, George G. King, Preston King, Kurtz, Letcher,
Mace, Marshall, McL'onald, McNair, Meacham, Millson,
Morel^ead, Murphy, Murray, Newton, Outlaw, Andrew
Parker,Peaslee, Penniman, Perkins, Plielps, Price, Riddle,
Robie, Ross, Sackett, Savage, Schoolcraft, Sehoonmaker,
David L. Seymour, Ongen S. Seymour, Skeiton, Stanly,
Stuart, Sweet ser, Townsl end,W al bridge, Wallace, Welch,
Wells, and Wildrick—?7.
NAYS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Aiken, Willis Allen, Wil-
Ham Appleton, Ashe, Barrere, Bennett, Bibighaus, Bragg,
Brenton, Albert G. Brown, Busbv, E. Carrington Cabell,
Caldwell, Lewis D. Campbell, Thompson Campbell, Cart-
ter, Catkie, Chapman, Chastain, Clemens, Cobb, Conger,
Callnm, Darfty, George T. Davis, Dockery, Doty, Dunenn, .
' Dunham, Edmundsou, Evans, Ewing, Fhulkner, Ficklin,
Florence, HenryM. Futter, Gay lord, Grow, (sham G. Har-
ris, Sampson W. Harris, Hart, Hascall, Hens, liillyer,
Houston, Thomas M. Howe, Hunter, Ives, Jackson, Jen-,
kins, Robert W. Johnson, Daniel T. Jones, George W.
Jones, Landry, McCorkle, Meade, Molonr, John Moore,
Morrison, Nabere, Orr, Samuel W. Parker, Polk, Porter,
Preston, Reed, Robbins, Robinson, Russell, Schermerhorn,
Scurtder, Smart, Smith, Snow, Benjamin Stanion, Fred-
erick P. Stanton, Richard H. Stahton, Ahr'm P. Stephens,
Alexander H. Stephens, St. Martin, Taylor, Thuratoa,
Ward, Washburn, Watkina, Addison White, Wilcox, Wil-
liams, and Woodward—90.
So the House refused to lay the resolution 94
the table.
Mr. FREEMAN. I now renew my amend*
ment as an independent proposition.
Mr. BROWN. 1 ask if that can be done?
The SPEAKER. The previous question hav-
ing been seconded, it is not competent for the gen-
tleman to offer his proposition.
Mr. CLEVELAND. I desire to inquire of
the Chair, if it would not be in order to ipove to
refer this bill to acommittee ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair must inform the
gentleman that no motion is in order with refer-
ence to the resolution which is now under the
operation of the previous question. The question
is now upon its adoption.
iCries of'' Question!" " Question !'']
Ir. SWEETSER. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and the ques 
tion being taken, the result was—yeas 74, nays
87; as follows:
YE AS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Aiken, 'Willis Allen, Wil-
liam Appleton, Ashe, Barrere, Bennett, Bibighaus, Bragg,
Brenton, Albert G. Brown, Brushy, E. Carnngton Cabell,
Caldwell, L. D. Campbell, Thompson Campbell, Ca.-kie,
Chapman, Chastain, Clemens, Clingiqau, Cobb, Conger,
Cullom, Darby, George T. Davis, Dockery, Duncan, Dun-
ham, Faulkner, Ficklin, Henry M. Fuller, Gaylord, Grey,
I sham G- Harris, Sampson W. Harris, Hillyer, Hunter,
fves^ Jackson, Jenkins, Jlobert W. Johnson, Daniel T-
Jones,Goo. W. Jones,Landry, McCorkle, Meade,Molony,
John Moore, Nabers, Orr, Samuel W. Parker, Penn, Polk,
Porter, Preston, Reed,Robbins, Robinson. Scudder, Smart,
Smith, Snow, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton,
Alex. H. Stephens, St. Martin, Taylor, Venable, Ward,
Washburn, Watkins, Wilcox, Williams, and Woodward
—74.
(f \YS—Messrs. Allison, Averett, Thmnae H- fiayly,
Beale, Bell, Bocock, Bowie, J. H. Boyd, Buell, Burrows,
Cartter, Chandler,Clark,Cleveland, Chngman, Curtis, J.G.
Davis, Dawson, Eastman, EdnmiiftsQn, norfttfe' _f ,oy®>
Freentan, Thomas J. l>. Fuller, Gamble, Giddinf*, Gllmore,
