1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
*05
Mr. President, if there be no objection, I ask ''
for the consideration of the resolution now. The
original resolution was passed t*j>on the 19th of
March last. The Secretary of the Interior re-
sponded to it in part, but affirmed that he was not
prepared to send in ail the accounts, showing the
manner in which previous appropriations had been
disbursed by. the Commissioner; but we were then
told in that report that they would very soon be
sent in. They hare never been sent in, and it is
a matter of importance to the country to know .
how the money has been expended. When my
accounts as Commissioner were called for, they
were sent to the Senate in eight days after the
resolution was passed. I have waited now for
eight months for the accounts of my successor,
and I think it is high time that they should be
sent in.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives
was received by Mr, Vomer, itaClerk, announcing
that it had appointed Mr. Polk, Mr. IshamG.
Habbis, and Mr. Goodksow, a Committee of
Conference, on their part, on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the bill of ihe Senate for the
relief of Margaret L. Worth.
On raouon ty Mr. BORLAND, it was
Orient, That a Committee of Coafeteace on the part o
Am Senate, on Ibe disagreeing vote* of tile two Houses on
tbe txil lor Hie relief ot Margaret L. \vorth, be appointed by
the President pro tempore.
And Mr. BoRLAHD,Mr. Davis, andMr. Shields,
were appointed.
ACCOUNTS OF THE PUBLIC PRINTER.
The joint resolution from the House of Repre-
sentatives, authorizing the settlement of the ac-
counts of the public printer, for paper used by him
since the 1st of November, 1852, was read a first
time, and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. SHIELDS. 1 hope it will be read a sec-
ond time for the purpose of reference.
Mr. BORLAND. 1 will suggest to the Senator
that it is not worth while to refer it. It is a mat-
er that has been considered by the Committee on
Printing, and they are unanimously in favor of it.
The Joint Committee on Printing unanimously
authorized the introduction of tbe resolution into
the House, and I hope therefore it will be passed
now without any reference. It is absolutely ne-
cessary that it should be passed.
There being no objection, the resolution was
read a second time, and the Senate proceeded to
consider it as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes that the account# of the public
printer for paper furnished and used by him since
the expiration of the time specified in the sixth !
section of the act making appropriations for the
naval service for the year ending June 30, 1853,
and for other purposes, and also for paper to be
famished and used by him an til the Superintend-
ent of Public Printing shall commence furnishing
and delivering to him paper, be settled and paid
as the accounts of the public printer have been
settled and paid under the sixth section of that
act.
Mr. HAMLIN. The principle involved in the
resolution is this: It will be recollected that when
the system of printing was changed, no provision
was made in the printing bill for furnishing paper
from the time that law went into effect up to the
period of time what the Superintendent was to ad-
vertise for proposals to furnish paper to the public
printer. An amendment was therefore inserted
in the naval appropriation bill, on my motion, au-
thorizing the public printer to purchase for sixty-
days sufch paper as was specified in the law. At
the expiration of those sixty days, the Superin-
tendent was not able to purchase the paper accord-
ing to that bill, and there was a period of time
between tbe expiration of the sixty days and the
present time when the public printer could get no
paper from the Superintendent. He consequently
assumed the authority to furnish the paper, which
was of the quality specified in the law; and it is
to pay for this paper that this joint resolution has
been offered. I think we owe it in justice to the '
public printer and the Superintendent, who have
done their duty so faithfully and so well, to act
with promptness. I hope the resolution wiH re-
ceive the favorable action of the Senate at, this j
time. I
The resolution was reported to the Senate with"
out amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a
third time, and passed.
THE HOMESTEAD BILL.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowaf%ave notice of his in-
tention, at an early day, to call up the bill com-
monly known as the " Homestead bill," for the
consideration of the Senate.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. CLEMENS gave notice of his intention
to ask leave to introduce a bill to remove the land
office at Sparta, Alabama, to Elba, in said State;
and to reorganise the laud districts of Sparta and
C&iiawba.
hon. david "Meriwether.
Mr. RUSK. I ask leave to present a resolu-
tion, which I hope the Senate will unanimously
agree to consider at this time:
Revolved, Thatibe Hon. Davit! Meriwether, late a mem-
ber of the Senate from the State of Kentucky, to paid his
mitaage and jot rftatt up to the *Hh day of December, ia-
ciuatve.
Sir, it will be recollected by the Senate, that at
the time the Hon. David Meriwether "took his
seat here at the last session, the question was start-
ed as to the validity of the election of Mr. Dixon,
or rather as to the effect of the limitation imposed
by the Governor of the State of Kentucky, upon
Mr. Meriwether's commission. Some of the
ablest minds of the Senate then expressed the
opinion that the Governor had no right to limit it,
and that Mr. Meriwether was entitled to fill the
unexpired term of Mr. Clay up to the time of the
next meeting of the Legislature. Under that noti-
fication or that intimation from the Senate, at the
time of the presentation of his credentials, Mr.
Meriwether, as I think he ought to have done,
came to this city at the present session of Con-
gress. It will be also remembered,thatat the first
moment when the question was raised at this
session, the Vice President elect of the United
, States—whose indisposition We all sincerely regret,
' a man distinguished for his ability unim-
peachable integrity—expressed the opinion that
without an order of the Senate to the contrary,
Mr. Meriwether's name would be continued on
the rolls, and that he must be called when the yeas
' and nays were ordered. In the discussion which
I has terminated in excluding Mr. Meriwether from
the seat, and in assigning it to Mr. Dixon, there
I was a division of opinion, and some of the ablest
lawyers of the Senate, gave it as their conviction
that Mr. Meriwether was still a Senator. This
opinion was expressed by gentlemen celebrated for
talents, and entirely above the suspicion of any
other influence than their honest judgment in re-
gard to the constitutional provision.
I have presented this resolution without Consult-
ation with any one. 1 do not know that it will
be at all agreeable to Mr. Meriwether. I have
neither seen nor consulted him; but I think it is
due, upon principles' of justice, to him, and I hope
the Senate will so consider. The conduct of Mr.
Meriwether in the whole matter has been highly
commendable. He has not presented himself here;
and so far as I have known, he has not conversed
with Senators pending this question. From what
I know of the man, I think that his visit to thijj
place was dictated by a sense of duty under the
opinion expressed by able men that he was still a
Senator, and would be called upon to perform the
duties of the office. Under such circumstances I
hope there will be no ofrjectionto the immediate
consideration and passage of the resolution.
Mr. CLEMENS. I hope it will lie over.
The PRESI DENT. Objection being made, the
resolution must lie over for one day under the
rules.
COMMITTEE ON REVOLUTIONARY CLAIMS.
On motion, Mr. Toucet was excused from
service as chairman of the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, and Mr. Dodos, of Iowa, was
appointed to fill the vacancy thereby created.
LIEUTENANT GENERAL.
The Senate resumed, as in Committee of the
Whole, the consideration of the joint resolution
"authorizing the President of the United States
to confer the title of Lieutenant General by brevet
for eminent services."-
Mr. SHIELDS. 1 deem it my duty to state,
that this is not a new proposition brought up at
this time. It is rather an old'one. About two
years ago it was considered and acted upon by the
Oommittee on Military Affairs, and 1 wbbinstruct-
ed to make a report at that time, and I did so. The
report was favorably received by the Senate, and
a resolution similar to this passed this body with
very little opposition, but it was lost in the House
of Representatives for want of time.
At the last session the Military Committee again
entered upon the consideration of the subject and
instructed the Senator from Alabama [Mr. Clem-
ens} to make a report, and he, in substance, re-
ported the resolution which is now before the Sen-
ate. The Committee on Military Affairs deem
this a matter of justice—military justice to Gen-
eral Scott. The intention is to confer a brevet
upon General Scott, and this resolution proposes
to give such power to the President of the United
States, by whom we have no doubt it will be exer-
cised in accordance with our expectations. It is
not proposed to confer the brevet by the resolu-
tion upon General Scott. That is not in our power.
But it gives the President power to confer the bre-
vet in such la way as to embrace General Scott.
The Military Committee are of opinion that it is a
matter of justice to that distinguished individual.
Of all the officers who served in the Mexican war,
I believe General Scott is the only one in the reg-
ular army that has gained neither additional pay
nor additional rank in consequence of that service.
His subordinates—all who served with any dis 
tinction under him—received one, two, or three
brevets; and they have the rank, and most of
them the pay, to which those brevets entitle them.
But he who commanded the army, who was at
the head of it, and who guided it to the achieve-
ment of those glorious victories, has received
nothing—neither additional pay nor additional
rank. It occurs to me—and I hope it will strike
every one in that light—that it is a matter of mili-
tary justice, that heshould derive some additional
rank from his glorious and gallant services in that
war; and no man in the country will deny that
I those services were of the most glorious charac-
ter.
j Besides, sir, it seems to me that this is a fever*
able occasion to perform this act, particularly on
the part of the majority, with whom I have the
honor to be associated politically. The powerful
should always be generous; it is a duty for them
to be *o. And permit me to say, and I can say it
truly and boldly, that there never was a more gen-
erous victor than General Scott himself; there nevfrr
was a more humane or a more generous chieftain.
But I do not place this upon the ground of gener-
osity. We base it upon the principle of military
justice to this distinguished chieftain. His posi-
tion was such that he could not obtain additional
rank, without legislation. His subordinates did
obtain it. They received their brevets; and he,
too, is entitled to one, and should receive it.
I 1 know that it may Be said that a brevet is of
; very little value; but it is of great value to a soldier;
it is of incalculable value to him—and why ? Be-
cause it is the stamp of his nation; it is a seal put
, upon him by his country for gallant services; he
| feels proud that his country recognizes these ser-
vices, and a brevet is a proof of that recognition.
I That is the reason why the soldier values it; and
! in that respect it is invaluable to him. Every man
who knows anything of the army knows that.
I know that the honorable Senator from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Sumner] has this morning pre-
sented a memorial from the Peace Society, by
which that society, I believe, proposes a plan that
j will prevent any future wars. 1 hope tnat may
be the case; but judging of the future by the past,
! I doubt whether that society will produce any
! great influence upon the world. At all events,
this country owes a great deal more to its army
than to peace societies. And'permit me to say,
; that at this moment there is not an army of the
same number in the world that performs more
hard, dreary, and cheerless service, than the Army
of the United States. They are away beyond the
bounds of civilization, scattered alongf your vast
frontier. They endure all the hardships, all the
fatigue, all the privations, a d, I may say, all the
dangers of war, and have none of its promises of
glory. _ A compliment paid to the chief of the
army is an honor to the whole army. Every
man in the aVmy feels it.
Besides, sir, 'your army deserves well of the
