109
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 21^
country. There never was a little army on earth
that deserved more from a country than the Army
of the United States. It brought you througn
three glorious wars; and from Lexington to Mex-
ico it has always been victorious; and perhaps
there is not in that whole path of glory from Lex-
ington to the City of Mexico, one portion more
brilliant than tnat guided by this distinguished
chieftain whom we intend by this resolution to
honor. Look at the campaign from Vera Cruz to
the City of Mexico. Sir, there is no true history
of that campaign. I have read all the histories
which have been published, and none of them do
justice to the campaign, or to the chieftain who
guided and directed the army through it. I am
not going into it now; but 1 would ask any man
to point out to me a parallel in military history—
an achievement superior to the siege and capture
of Vera Cruz. One of the strongest places in the
world—strongly fortified, strongly garrisoned—fell
before the American army, with only the loss, in
killed and wounded, of about sixty men. Was
not that generalship? Where can you find a par-
allel for u?
Go to Cerro Gordo, a natural fortress, nothing
like it perhaps on this continent; a handful of men
might have defended it against an army. Then
look at the plan of attack, look at the execution
of that plan; look at its results; and where will
you find a more glorious military achievement.
Sir, go to the City of Mexico. Look at our
army before that City. There it was, comprising
only about six thousand men, the mere remnant
of war, of battle, of disease. Before them lay a
city of two hundred thousand inhabitants, defend-
ed by an array of over twenty thousand men, as
well disciplined, as well organized as they them-
selves were. Around that remnant of Americans
were their wounded, their sick, their dying.
There they were, in the midst of a nation of seven
millions of enemies. There they stood, cut off,
isolated from their own country, comprising only
six thousand men, in the heart of a nation, before
one of the most magnificent cities on this conti-
nent, with an army of twenty thousand men to
defend it. Yet your army entered that city; they
captured it, ana forced the country to peace.
And i will add, what is more glorious, both to the
army and its commander, that life and property
were never as secure in that City since the fail of
the M.ontexum& , as while our army occupied it;
for I will say this, and I can say it fearlessly, that
a more humane and generous commander never
led an army, than the man whom it is intended to
honor by this resolution.
Sir, 1 intended, when 1 got up, to say but a few
words. 1 felt it my duty from our past relations,
to say this much; and having done so, I take my
seat, hoping that the resolution will be adopted.
Mr. CASS. Mr. President, when this subject
was before us some months since, 1 had insuper-
able objections, and so expressed myself, to the
form in which it was presented. The bill, as ori-
ginally introduced, created the brevet grade of
lieutenant general, and rendered it a permanent
part of our military establishment.
I was utterly opposed to such an arrangement,
sn4 desired the office to be a temporary one, to be
limited to the occasion which seemed to render it
proper. I proposed an amendment which had in
view this object, and avowed the determination to
support the measure if it were adopted, and to
vote against it if it were rejected. The bill-now
before us,* introduced by the honorable Senator
from Alabama, [Mr. embraces the prin-
ciple of my amendrafljt^teoviding that the law
shall terminate when the ofeeeh B been once filled,
and become vacant, and 1 shall therefore cheer-
fully give it my support. The object o£ this prop-
osition is well understood by the Senate and by
the country, and 1 shall confine myself rather to
the explanation of my general views in relation
to it than to any specific objections made here or
elsewhere. That object is to provide a mode in
which an appropriate mark of public approbation
may be conferred upon General Scott for his emi-
nent military services in Mexico. This purpose
is not, indeed, expressed in the bill itself; because,
being a legislative measure, all we can do in our
legislative capacity is to create the grade, leaving
to the appointing power to fill it upon its own re-
sponsibility. We may, of course, be sure that
the honor will be conferred upon General Scott;
' «od we know by the terms of the bill, as I have
already said, that it cannot afterwards be conferred
upon any other person, as the law ipso facto ex-
pires upon the happening of a vacancy.
All nations, sir, and we among them, have
adopted the policy—the justice, indeed—of con-
ferring rewards for disdhguished military services.
These tokens of the gratitude of a country are not
only precious memorials to those receiving them,
and who have gained their title to them by the
toils, and trials, and exposures, and sufferings of
a perilous profession, but tliey become an encour- ;
agement, an incentive, to otliera to follow in the 1
same career, and to hope for the same distinction, j
A character of high and jealous honor is essen- J
thd to the efficiency of any military establishment.
It is not a cold performance of duty which can
raise it to a proper standard, but there roust be an ;
esprit du corps, a spirit of emulation, a striving '
with one another, generous, indeed, but active and
ceaseless, wherever there are duties to be fulfilled
or honor to be acquired, whether in the fortress,
in the camp, or on the battle-field. And I think 1
understand the feelings of the American army, and
I can say with a perfect conviction of the truth,
that I do not believe there is another military es-
tablishment in the world which exceeds it in tjie
great characteristics of honor, patriotism, disci-
pline, and valor; and I have heard with great
pleasure the just and eloquent remarks of the
Senator from Illinois [Mr. Shields] upon this
branch of the subject, and, indeed, upon the whole
question. The army has always done i:s duty to
the country, and often under circumstances of the
greatest difficulty and danger, and I hope the
country will always be disposed to deal with it in
a spirit of justice and kindness.
The granting of additional brevet rank for gal-
lant services on the battle-field, may be considered
how as part of our national policy, sanctioned by
practice atid by the approbation of the country.
As to titles, such as are granted elsewhere, thank
God we have none to bestow; and I trust I shall
never live to see the day when any pecuniary re-
wards will be conferred upon military men, except
pensions for injuries actually sustained in the line
of their duty, agreeably to our present system.
An additional brevet grade p the true official re-
ward which our service offers, and it well becomes !
the^nature of our institution?.
The campaigns in Mexicoj^ertfeitilein glorious
result^, and all who contributed to them by. dis-
tinguished personal exertions, received the ac-
knowledgment of their good conduct by brevet
promotions; and in many instances by more than
one, where more than one chance of distinction
offered itself, and was seized in a proper spirit.
' He who planned and conducted one of those
perilous inroads into the heart of the enemy's
country is the only living officer of the army ex-
cluded from this distribution of rewards, so grati-
fying to the just pride of a soldier. And why is
this ? Not because his eminent merits were not felt
and acknowledged—for no such injustice found
place in the hearts of the people—but because he
won, almost forty years ago, in other fields, but
with equal gallantry, the highest grade known to
our system. And though he had other services
to render, we had no other rewards to offer, in
the line of his duty, without some new legislative
provision. The gradations ii) our military estab-
lishment rise from second or thjrd lieutenants,
formerly ensigns, (and I do not know why the
, designation was changed,) to first lieutenants,
captains, majors, lieutenant colonels, colonels,
brigadier generals, and major generals, and there
we have always stopped, with the exception of
the office of commander-in-chief during the revo-
lutionary war, and of the arrangement for the re-
; turn of General Washington to the military ser-
i vice of the country during our difficulties with
| France, when the position of commander of the
army, commissioned as a lieutenant general, was
conferred upon him, but was afterwards changed
to that of general of the armies of the United States.
I allude to this merely as an interesting incident
in our military history, and not "as a precedent
for our action now or hereafter; for Washington
stood alone in character and services, and in the
hearts of his countrymen, and, in my opinion, in
(ha annals of the world. And as his career was
without example, so the personal distinctions at-
tached to him should remain his own, furnishing
no precedent for future application.
And it k in this spirit of jealous reverence for
the name and the fame of Washington, that I shall
ask my friend from Alabama [Mr. Clemens] to
consent to the change of a word in his amendatory
resolution, by substituting the word created or es-
tablished for revived, so that this grade may now be
introduced without reference to any previous pro-
ceedings/ The mantle of Washington fell on no
man, and I have an insuperable objection to con-
nect any one with his honors by reviving them for
another. And, besides, the proposition may raise
a question we had better avoid, when we can avoid
it so easily and so properly. The office of lieu-
tenant general was never-directly introduced into
our service. The office created was that of " com-
mander of the army," "to be commissioned as
lieutenant general, and who was "authorized
to command the armies of the United States."
Here it will be seen that the naked grade of lieu-
tenant general is not provided for, but that the
designation is fo be given to a high officer charged
with the command of all our military force. A
question arose respecting the constitutionality of
this arrangement, because it seemed to interfere
with the constitutional right of the President to
" be commander-in-chief of the army and navy of
the United States," &c. And therefore, at a sub-
sequent session of Congress, this arrangement was
repealed, and provision was made for the appoint-
ment of a "general of the armies of the United
Slates." I desire to leave sacred and. untouched
an office created expressly for Washington, and
also, to avoid any constitutional question upon this
subject.
1 o render the proposed measure obnoxious, the
grade of lieutenant general has been charged with
being aristocratic, and unsuited to the nature of
our institutions. It is rather difficult to treat so
absurd fin objection seriously. What makes it
aristocratic} Not the name; for we have major
generals with higher sounding titles, though with
less rank, and we have captain generals in the
States, and I believe also lieutenant generals in
some of them. Where we shall stop in military
grades, is a mere question of expediency, depend:
lug on existing circumstances and on the extent of
t>ur establishment.
At one time, duringthe administration of Mr.
Jefferson, it was proposed, I believe by General
Oearborn, then Secretary of Wor, to have no
higher officer than a colonel; and for many years—
from the death of General Wayne, indeed, till the
war of 1812, with the exception of the increase4
establishment arising out of the French difficulties,
to which 1 have already referred—we had none
higher than a brigadier general, which was the
rank of General Wilkinson, who commanded the
army for many years. There is nothing more
aristocratic in one military grade than in another.
Experience has shown that these gradations are
essential to efficient service; and where they shall
stop is, as I have said, a mere question of legisla-
tive discretion. We do not now need the perma-
nent position of lieutenant general in our army,
nor do I foresee when we shall. And this convic-
tion was the cause of the objection I first took to
this measure. I advert to the general considera-
tions I have just presented, not at all as reasons-for
the creation of the grade, but to repel the charge
of its aristocratic character, so well calculated to
excite prejudices agaiost it. My reason for its
creation is, that it will enable the proper avithority
to render an appropriate testimonial to the servi-
ces of General Scott in the same manner as, it has
been rendered to every officer in the army he led
to battle and .to victory, who was entitled to the
distinction. Iris not necessary to review the life
of General Scott that bis countrymen may be able
to appreciate what he has done for their interest
and their honor. Almost half a century has
elapsed since his name and his deeds were house-
hold words, familiar to the American people
throughout the whole extent of the Republic.
But his campaign in Mexico was the crowning
act of his military life, and it will ever fill one of
the brightest pages of our history. I desire, how-
ever, to do justice to General Scott, butno injustice
to his co-laborers in that great work by a spirit of
partisanship, to which we are ever prone, and
which would leave to his countrymen but little
concern in many glorious victories but to admire
their splendor and his achievements. There is
honor enough for all—for the living and the dead—
and let us render it to all, to each, indeed, as he
merits it. Nothing is gained for the cause of
