108
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Deo 21,
er, more impartial, and more equitable, it was our
duly to retain theaacewieticy we had acquired,and
introduce tree and stable inatuouona into Mexico
under American safeguards and auspices. But,
■tr I dissent from that honorable Senator so far as
he'seems to think that the victories of war are
greater than the victories of peace. Far otherwise,
I Hunk. 1 am willing to accord whatever meed of
gratitude a grateful country may bestow upon its
distinguished servants in the field; but, in my judg-
ment, " peace hath her victories no less renowned
than war;" ay, Mr. President, the victories of
peace are far grander and more glorious than those
of war; and, in my judgment, those conquests in
the domain of nature which have been achieved by
a Fulton and a Morse, are far more worthy of dis-
tinguished honors from a democratic people than
the' highest military achievement. He who sub-
jugated the mighty power of steam to the purposes
oi' man; and he who taught the lightning to per-
form your errands over boundless continents, is
far worthier, in my humble judgment, of titles of
distinction, it such titles are to be conferred at alj,
man the most successful soldier. Ay, Mr. Presi-
dent, and he who originates a great thought—he
who embodies a great conception, in living lan-
guage, and sends it forth to enlighten and bless the
world through all ages, shining and life-giving like
the sun, is a greater conqueror than the mightiest
Warrior, for he conquers in the highest field—the
domain of mind.
Sir, when Jefferson penned the Declaration of
Independence, and announced, as the foundatioa-
principie of human government, the great truth
" that all men are cmitsc kwii," and sent that
truth abroad to perform its sublime mission in
overturning thrones and principalities, he achieved
a greater conquest than any warrior who ever led
a host to battle. Peace, then, has her great, her
illustrious victories; and if tfte victors in her battle-
fields are not distinguished by eulogies and tri-
umphs, which legislatures award, they may be
well content with the glory accorded to them by a
grateful world, with the sublime consciousness that
they have done their duty to their race.
Whatever view, then, I take of this proposition,
I feet myself constrained—although I cherish for ,
the distinguished individual whom it is proposed j!
to honor by it a respect as sincere as that of aay j\
gentleman in this Senate—to recortimyvete against ||
lis adopuoq. . I,
Mi. SHIELDS. I did not wish to interrupt l j
the honorable Senator, but 1 do not wish to be
misrepresented; and I know that the Senator has j
not done so intentionally. I did not ran any par-
allel between the advantages of a military career
and the advantages of men in peace. I stated
this: that this country owes more to its army than
it owes to its peace societies, having reference to
the petition presented this morning by the Senator
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumxer.] I repeat it,
and 1 think no gentleman will deny it. 1 admit
that the achievements of peace are greater than
the achievements of war; but I have, 1 repeat, no
respect for -these transcendental peace-society
men. When the nation is in a great exigency, I
would not give a pinch of snuff for a thousand
such men. 1 would rather have one company of
well-disciplined men than all the peace societies
in America.
Mr. ADAMS. I have been hesitating how I
should vote upon the question under consideration.
1 recollect that I once voted, when a member of
the other Jiouse, to ereate the office which it is
now proposed to create, i did so with great hes-
itation then, and under *|i*Mpposed necessity of
doing so, growing «nt ofwtmt was then under-
stood to be a conflict of opinion between the two
highest officers in command in Mexico. I have
never ceased to regret that vote, and I am not dis-
posed to cast a similar vote upon this case, after
reflection, {understand that Congress has already i
pawed a vote of thanks, «s the representatives of j
the people of the United States, for the distin-
guished services rendered by General Scott during
the Mexican war. That vote of thanks was the
expression of an opinion by the representatives of
the people, and a proper appreciation of -the ser- ;
vices rendered. No brevet appointment could be \
, conferred upon him, because he already held the
highest office known to the military institutions of
our country. Now, for the sake of this mere
name and honor, in this democratic country of
. equal rights, I am unwilling to confer the title pro-
posed. I trust that no one appreciates more highly j
the distinguished services of that person in the I-
field than 1 do; but having once voted to create the
office of lieutenant general, and having ever re-
gretted that vote, I will not now vote to confer the
title for the sake of distinction merely.
Mr. CLEMENS. 1 agree with the honorable
Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Shields,] that the
amendment proposed by the Senator from Arkan-
sas [Mr. Borland] is unconstitutional; and how-
ever much I might desire (o have the vote of that
Senator, 1 trust the Senate will not agree to the
amendment he proposes. It is a limitation upon
the power of the President to make appointments,
and we have no right to make any limitation. I
hope, therefore, tie Senate will not adopt the
amendment.
Mr. BORLAND. Mr. President, it has been
said that this proposition is unconstitutional. I
confess that 1 am unable to see that it is so. If it
can be shown, however, to be so, I will net only
not insist upon it, but I will vote most cheerfully
for the resolution. I suppose that the suggestion
that it is unconstitutional, has respect to the pow-
er and authority, conferred by the Constitution
upon the President of the United States, to make
appointments to office. I take ,it, however, that
that exclusive power, vested in the President of
the United States by the Constitution, relates to
those offices which are established by the Consti-
tution ; but that offices which we may create by
law, may also be filled by the law, if such be the
terms of the act by which we establish them.
Mr. BROOKE. With reference to the consti-
tutional point, it appears to me that the Senate
has the right to advise the appointment of any
officer, and that in passing this resolution, we but
give that advice which, by the Constitution, we
are authorized to do; and it is immaterial whether
this advice is given before or after the creation of
the office. By the passage of this resolution, the
Senate advises the President to confer on General
Scott the office or rank of Lieutenant General by
brevet, and i think that in doing so, it is acting in
accordance with the Constitution, and that there-
fore we have the right to pass the resolution.
- Mr. HALE. Mr. President, I feel compelled
! to vote against this proposition in any shape in
which it may be presented. I wottfel have been
i glad to have been relieved tVam stating the rea- :
sons which induce me to give that vote; but as |
! the matter is up, I must improve it. The consti- :
tutional difficulty does not trouble pie at all. I
am against the original proposition, and against
all amendments, it will be recollected by those
who take any interest in remembering what so
humble an individual a  myself ever did in the
Senate, that when a proposition was before us to
render a vote of thanks to General Taylor and
General Scott for the services which they per-
formed in the Mexican war, and to thank them
for their brilliant achievements in that war, I voted
against it twice The first time I voted alone, in i
a minority of one. When the resolution was first
passed, there were some members of the Senate
who thought so differently from me on that occa-
sion, who were out when the vote was taken, that
they came in the next day and requested that the
matter, by general consent, might be voted upon
again, so that they might have the privilege of re-
cording their names in favor of it; which being
done, 1 had the privilege of recording my name
against it the second time. 1 voted against it, be-
cause I acted upon the same principle as did those
men of the British House of Commons, who voted
against thanking British officers for the victories
they had gained over the American colonies, when
they believed that the American colonies had the
right, and the British administration had the
wrong, in the contest in which the victories were
gained. Those distinguished gentlemen said that
1 they could not separate a vote of thanks to those
i officer* for victories which they had achieved from
an approval of the war in which the battles were
fought. They had not subtlety enough to dis-
tinguish between thanking men for winning a vic-
tory, and approving the object for which the vic-
tory was won. It is said that we live in an age
\ of progress; but I confess, for myself, that I have
, not progressed in the age so far that I have got
to that nitch in which I can make that discrimin-
ation which the patriots who sustained the Amer-
ican cause in the time of the Revolution in the
British Parliament could not make':.
I thought—and I am glad of an opportunity to
say it now; I am glad to let it be known that I
have not been converted—the Mexican war un-
just and atrocious. I thought it one that marked
the United States as rapacious, and the age as bar-
barous. I think so now. It has, in my mind,
lost nothing of the character which it then had,
and of which I then spoke. I believed it was a
war commenced in injustice, and I believe that
when the impartial pen of history writes the talq
of that war, the justice of the sentiment which I
then pronounced, and which five years of reflec-
tion have strengthened in my mind, will be vindi-
cated.
I believe that the real and substantial causes that
we had for the war in which those brilliant victo-
ries were achieved, were threefold. The first was
that Mexico was weaker than we were. The sec-
ond was that she had provinces which we wanted,
and she did not want to give up. And the third
one was that we wanted those provinces to extend
slavery over them. Those, 1 believe, were the
sum and substance of the causes that we had for
the war with Mexjco. I gather the first from the
state of facts which the history of this country dis-
closes. During the Administration which waged
that war in which such a harvest of glory has been
reaped, we presented this singular spectacle. The
Government of Great Britain, whatever else may
be said of it, 1 believe, has not been guilty of the
crime of pusillanimity and Weakness. I believe
that those patriots who have thundered against
her, have not brought against her the unpardon-
able sin of not being able to defend her own rights.
That Government, at that time, held open posses-
sion of territory to which the departments of this
Government, which spoke upon it, said our title
was clear and indisputable—yes, sir, clear and in-
disputable. Great Britain had her forts, and her
courts, and her armies in possession of territory
to which, according to the doctrine of the men who
carried on the Mexican war, our title was clear
and indisputable. One would have thought that it
would have been one of the first impulses of pa-
triotism to hays vindicated the title of this country
to its own clear and indisputable soil, before it
went to attick another nation for soil to which its
title, tony the least of it, was not quite so clear and
1 indispttt&ble.' How di^ w# dispose of that contro-
versy with Great Britain ? 1 will tell you. Read
! the dispatch which Mr. Packenham, the British
Minister, wrote home to the Secretary of State for
Foreign Affairs, and he will tell you. It wasf a
letter not wider than my two fingers. He tells
that Minister that the treaty which he—Her Ma-
jesty's Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs—
wrote and dictated, and sent over, was ratified and
confirmed, without the alteration or substitution of
a single letter. That is the way that controversy
was disposed of; and then the pent-up indignation
of an outraged patriotism was bent upon Mexico,
and we went there with our armies. So far as the
conduct of our army was concerned, I have noth-
ing to say. I believe the officers and men were
brave and skillful. I believe that so far as the
mere war, after it was commenced, was concerned,
it was carried on as scientifically, as bravely, as
honorably, and as gloriously as any war ever was.
| Yes, sir, it stands among glorious enterprises, as
glorious as any war that was *ever carried on in
; the world; and if it were possible—which some
men seem to think it is—to separate a vote accord-
; ing thanks and honors to those who fought the
• battles, from an implied commendation of the cause
i; of the war in which they were fought, I would
cheerfully vote for it. But, sir, I'cannot; the war
has those features in njy mind; and as long as the
treble partition of Poland, by the Powers that di-
vided it, challenges the condemnation of the world,
so long, I believe, will the war which these United
States made upon a sister Republic, at a time when
she was rent by intestine commotions, for the par-
poses for which I believe that waf was carried on,
run parallel with it, so far as the judgment of pos-
terity is concerned.
Now, sir, I am not Certain that these fanatical
sentiments will not be called treasonable, Mexican
sentiments, and instead of defeating, I shall prob-
ably confirm and aid the very measure which I
oppose. I am not certain that my friend from
Mississippi [Mr. Adams] will not relent, oivbeing
found in such company, when he comes to re-
cord his vote upon this resolution. I am willing
that those who are glorified and full of glory in
