122
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 21,
Treasury, I desire to see that surplus applied to
the extinguishment of our national debt. Now,
with thecoiiaentof these Indians, we may discharge
our obligations to them, and in this way dispose
of a portion of this surplus in the Treasury. For
the purpose of securing this object, 1 have offered
this amendment, which 1 hope will be adopted.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I ask that the
amendment may be read.
It was again read by the Clerk.
Mr. JOHNSON. This amendment embraces
a matter which I do not know has ever been un-
der discussion before in this House; and for my
own part, 1 am utterly unable to say whether it
would be wise to adopt it or not.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If the gentleman
will allow me, I will suggest to the gentleman from
Georgia who offered this amendment, that he so
modify it as to make it inquire into the expediency
of such a course.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. That is pre-
cisely what I was going to propose.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Georgia. I am willing to
accept the suggestion, and will so modify my
amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON. If the gentleman will allow
me, I will make a single remark in regard to the
subject-matter of the original amendment. I per-
fectly concur in the opinion that something of the
kind should be done. The system we have pur-
sued in making our Indian treaties, is the most
wretched that could possibly have been pursued,
particularly in regard to these perpetual annuities
which have hitherto been granted.
These tribes of Indians arc rapidly going out of
existence. Many of them, from thousands, have
been reduced down to one hundred souls—the
whole tribe not amounting to more than that—
yet still these annuities must continue the same.
The Government are bound to pay it to the tribe,
and it will continue payable so long as there is a
single individual of the tribe remaining—after the
others have died off, or have gone and mixed
themselves up with the other tribes. Some of the
tribes have abandoned their organization as tribes,
and have become citizens under our laws.
Now, if this resolution can be brOught, or some
enactment made in connection with it, which shall
prevent hereafter the making of any treaty pro-
viding for a perpetual annuity, or which shall
provide that such annuity shall cease to be paid
after the tribe shall have been reduced to such a
number, or which shall so arrange it that the an- !
auity shall be paid per capita, I believe it would be
the best policy which could be pursued. But this
subject is entirely a new one here, and I am un-
able to say what ought to be done. I do not think
this policy could be carried out without a great
deal of cost to the Government.
The amendment as modified was then agreed
to, and the resolution adopted.
The seventh resolution was then reported and
adopted, as follows:
"7. That so much of said menage and accompanying
documents as relates to the Poet Office Department, its
condition and operation, together with the report of the
Postmaster General, be referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Pon Roads." -
The eighth resolution was reported, as follows: j
"8. That so much of said message as relates to com- !
merce and the improvement of harbors, be referred to the
Committee on Commerce."
The CHAIRMAN stated that to this resolu-
tion the following amendment was pending, of- j
fered by the gentleman from New York, [Mr, !
Setmour.] i
"Insert after the word 'harbors,' the word 'rivers,' is !
the eighth resolution, and strike ost so orach of the wuth j
resolution aa refers the subject of rivers to the Committee i
on Roads and Canals, so that if the amendment were ,
adopted, the eighth resolution would then read: '
"That so much of the said message as relates to com-
merce and the improvement of harbors and riven, bete-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce."
Mr. KING, of New York. My colleague,
[Mr. Setmoor,] who offered that amendment, is
not now present. I have sent for him, and I pre-
sume he will be here in a few minutes. I ask that
the resolution may be passed over for the present.
The resolution was accordingly passed over.
The ninth resolution was then read, as follows:
"9. That so much of said message and accompanying
document? as relates to the public lands, their survey ana
sale; to the establishment of land offices for the sale of
public lands in California and the Territory of Oregon, be
referred to the Committee on Public Lands."
II
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I move the
following amendment to that resolution, to come in
! at the end thereof:
Retolcti, That so much of the President's annual mes-
sage as relates to the public lands be, and the same is here-
by, referred to the Committee on Agriculture, with instruc-
tions to report a bill to the House, graduating and reducing
the price of the public lands, and prohibiting the further sale
of the same, to all persons other than those who shall be-
come actual settlers and cultivators of the soil, and to thein
only in limited quantities.
Mr. JOHNSON said: There has been much
said here in relation to the surplus which seems to
have accumulated in the Treasury, and some gen-
tlemen seem to have worked themselves into an
agony, as to what they will do with this surplus.
Now, this seems to me to be the most propitious
time which has presented itself for legislating upon
this important subject; and legislating upon this
subject in the manner proposed in this resolution,
will have the effect to prevent this plethora of
which gentlemen seem to be so much afraid.
i The receipts into the Treasury from the sales of
the public lands amount to about $2,000,000 per
year. Now, if this policy be adopted, and the
sales of the public lands limited to the cultivators
of the soil, the probability is strong, that the re-
ceipts from that source will be somewhat dimin-
ished. If we adopt this policy, therefore, it will
have the effect to diminish the $20,000,000 of sur-
plus in the Treasury by about #2,0011,000; and in
diminishing the receipts into the Treasury by this
amount, it will confer a benefit upon the country.
Now, there has been much saia upon one h&nd
in favor of excluding the duty upon railroad iron,
and great sympathy is felt for those men who are
engaged in constructing these roads. Great sym-
pathy is felt for the capitalists of the country; and
some sympathy should be felt for this class of
persons whom I seek to benefit by this resolution.
Now this is peculiarly a favorable time to grad-
uate and reduce the price of the public lands, and
confine their sale to actual settlers, thereby setting
apart this vast public domain of ours for an abiding
place for the American people. This is the true
policy for the Government. Now, while we have
I this surplus in the Treasury—now while the time
; is auspicious, in connection with the project
j which has gone before us, extending a homestead
to those who will go there and occupy the lands—
now is the time to secure the Ian da to those who
j will become the cultivators of the soil, and to keep
them out of the hands of monopolists and specu-
lators.
It seems to me this would be the best means by
1 which you would get clear of a portion of the sur-
plus that has accumulated in the Treasury. By
adopting this policy you build up and strengthen
' a certain portion of society; and by building them
up you not only elevate their position in society,
i but you strengthen their confidence in, and in-
crease their affection for, theirGovernment, which
is a very important matter. I think by the adop-
! tion of this resolution, and by an amendment
which I intend to offer before these resolutions
shall be reported to the House, we shall still fur-
ther reduce the revenue of the country. I pro-
| pose to reduce the duty upon salt, which is con-
sumed by the poorest man in the country, and
upon sugar, which is also consumed by the poor-
est man in the country. Now, if you take these
two articles and put them upon the free list, and
confine the sales of your public lands to the actual
cultivators of the soil, you will greatly decrease
the receipts into the Treasury, and at the same
! time furnish the best mode which could possibly
be devised for disposing of the surplus now in the
1 Treasury.
Mr. HALL here obtained the floor.
The CHAIRMAN. The House passed over
the consideration of the eighth resolution, until
| the gentleman from New York [Mr. Seymour]
; should come in. That gentleman is now in his
seat.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Let us dispose of
this one, and then take up that.
Mr. HALL. I wish to notice the resolution
introduced by the gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr. Johnsov.]
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Mis-
souri will not lose his right to the floor by taking
up the eighth resolution.
The eighth resolution, with the pending amend-
ment, as above inserted, was then taken up and
considered.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. I have little
to say in reference to this subject, but to state in
general terms the object which induced me to offer
this amendment.
The amendment proposed to the resolution, as
the committee will see, provides that the subject of
such improvements as may be necessary, ifany are,
for the rivers of the country, shall be referred to the
consideration of the Committee on Commerce, as
well as those matters which pertain to harbor im-
provements. The resolution as it stands originally,
would refer to them only the consideration of harbor
improvements. The resolution as proposed to be
amended, would refer to them the subject of the
improvement of both rivers and harbors. I would
state to the committee that this amendment is in
accordance with what has been the uniform prac-
tice of this House for upwards of twenty years—
that both of these subjects, relating as they do to
the commerce of the country, both internal and for-
eign, should be referred to one and the same com-
mittee. To be sure there stands upon our rules, a
a rule adopted in the year 1831, providing, among
other things, for the reference of matters relating
to the improvement of rivers, to the consideration
of the Committee on Roads and Canals, but at no
period since that, has the House adhered to that
rule, by referring that subject to the Committee on
Roads and CanalsThat committee was then,for
the first time, introduced among the committees of
this House, as a substitute for a committee which
had existed for several years previous, known as
the Committee on Internal Improvements, The
party then in the ascendency in this country,
adopted the policy of discontinuing the system of
internal improvements, and have confined them-
selves to subjects strictly national,and they have
ever since, without any exception, as far as I can
learn, referred this subject to the consideration of
the Committee on Commerce, where I think it
should now be referred. I say this without any
intent of casting the least reflection upon the Com-
mittee on Roads and Canals, for I know that that
committee is constituted with great ability, and if
it should be the pleasure of this committee to refer
this subject to that committee, I doubt not it would
receive from them a proper consideration. But
the Committee on Commerce is charged with the
general consideration of subjects of this character,
i and from what transpired in this House, at the
| last session of this Congress, I think it must be
i manifest to every gentleman that this subject should
receive the consideration of only one committee..
The subjects of harbor improvement and river
improvement, are intimately blended. Improve-
ments pertaining to harbors, are very "often, in
their consideration and in their effects, intimately
connected with the improvement of rivers. We
all know that of all the various interests which are
represented upon this floor, those which feel deeply
the importance of the proper prosecution of these
improvements, to protect and facilitate the com-
merce of the country, prefer that this whole mat-
ter should be considered by one and the same com-
mittee, rather than to have it divided up among
various committees; and I confidently believe that
the reference of this whole subject to the commit-
tee charged with the consideration of those mat-
ters which pertain to the general commerce of the
country, will best subserve the interests of thet
commerce, and insure a just and fair consideration
to the interests of every section of our extended
country.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. CARTTER. I am opposed to the amend-
ment. If I understand this amendment, it is a rep-
etition of what occurred during the last session.
It is the foundation measure for linking together
the improvement of the harbors of the lakes and
the ocean, with the improvement of the overslaugh
at Albany, or some other measure of like charac-
ter. It is a foundation measure to compel those
who appreciate the necessity of making national
appropriations to protect national harbors, also
vote for river improvements. It lies at the foun-
dation of that vicious system of legislation so much
complained of, which compels a man to indorse
an unworthy measure, for the purpose of support-
ing a worthy one.
The principal business of this Committee on
Commerce, as one would naturally suppose, would
naturally be to manage the affairs of commerce,and
the ports of external commerce,and not the digging
of canals and rivers. We have a committee* a
