1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
123
standing committee of tins House, which properly )
comprehends tins mailer of rivers, and why should
th it committee be exonerated from the discharge
of its ap ir iptvite duties, and another committee
assume them r What relation is there between the
improvement of your harbors, and the improve-
ment of your ruers, except the relation of " you
tickle me" and I'll tickle you:" I suppose the de-
sign is to conglomerate the whole subject, for the
purpose of presenting a system ot measures such
as we ha\e repeatedly seen in this House, someof
them worthy of support, and some not.
1 am in favor of the resolution as proposed by
the chairman of the Committee on Ways and
Cleans, winch sends each of these subjects to its
appropriate commit'ee.
'.Mr. HENDRICKS. I believe the chairman of
the Committee on Roads and Canals (Mr. Rob-
inson] is not in the House. I know he would
like to be heard on this question. The Chair,
with the consent of the committee, passed over the
consideration of the eighth resolution until the
chairman of the Committee on Commerce should
come into the Hall. 1 think that the same cour-
teov ought to be extended to the chairman of the
Committee on Roads and Canals.
Mr JONES. Here he comes, behind you.
'l'he CHAlRMAN. The question before the
committee is the adoption of the amendment pro-
posed by the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Setmoir,] which is to confer the jurisdiction over
the improvement of rivers, to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. ROBINSON. I do not intend to make any
considerable fight on this subject. The House,
notwithstanding they did not overrule me at the
last session, yet never took a final vote as to where
they would refer the matter in the President's mes-
sage, then alluded to. Every proposition which
then came up concerning rivers—with one excep-
tion—was referred, so far as I recollect, to the
Committee on Roads and Canals, which I thought
the proper committee under the rules. But at this
short session, of course it makes but little differ-
ence where it joes.
So far as I am concerned, I shall vote in favor
of the resolutions reported by the Committee on
Ways and Means, because I think they are right.
I am opposed to these log-rolling bills.
The question being upon the adoption of the
amendment of VTr. SErvorR,
Mr. SEYMOUR asked for tellers; which were
ordered: and Messrs. Setmocr, of New York, and
Robinson- were appointed.
The question w is then taken, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 59, noes 59.
The Chairman voted in the affirmative, and the
amendment was adopted.
The question was then taken on the adoption
of the eighth resolution as amended, and it was
agreed to.
Mr. HALL. When I arose before, I intended
to make some remarks upon the resolution offered
by the ?entleman from Tennessee, [Mr. John-
son'.] On looking at it, I find it to be different
from what I supposed. I thought it intended to
take away from the Committee on Public Lands
the subjects embraced in the President's message,
but I see that the resolution merely refers that sub-
ject to the Committee on Agriculture, and leaves
the subject also before the Committee on Public
Lands. I have therefore no objection to the res-
o'uti m. I wish, however, to suggest an amend-
ment, which I hope the gentleman will adopt, that,
is, to insert before the word " sale," in his resolu-
tion, the words, " graduate and reduce."
Mr. JOHNSON. I accept the amendment. |
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment of Mr. Johnson- as modified, and it waa
agreed to.
The ninth resolution, as amended, was then
adfpied.
The eleventh, twelfth, thirteenth, and fourteenth •
resolutions were then severally read, and adopted,
as follows:
Tint so much of said message as relates to the estab- '
liMimrnt of an Agricultural Bureau, be referred to the Cotn-
nuMep on Agriculture.
"That mi nnicti of said message as relates lo the District
ofCoturrihia, he referred to the Committee on the District
Of I'fllllHltnil.
'•That --n much of said me«Ba<?e as relate* to the public
biitldntff-, be r>'f rr*-(i to the Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds.
''Thai *<• much of said message as relates to patents;
a periodical publication and distribution of an analytical
digest ot' all the patents which have lieen or may hereafter
be granted tor u-eful inventions and discoveries,—be reierred
to Hie Committee on Patents."
Mr. CABELL, of Florida. I offer the follow-
ng amendment, by way of addition to the resolu-
tions;
That the Committee on Military Affairs, to whom has
been referred so much of the President's message as relates
lo loruticaiioiK, he instructed to mquire into tlie espe-
dienc> ot appropriating the amount ueeej-sary to complete
the Inruticutioiis at Key West aud Tortugas, known as Fort
Jefferson and b'ort Taylor.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I rise to aquestion
of order.
Mr. CABELL. When the resolution referring
that portion of the President's message in rela-
tion to military affairs to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs was under consideration, 1 called at
the top of my voice to get the attention of the
Chairman, that 1 might offer this amendment by
way of instructions to that committee, but failed,
and the resolution has passed by.
Mr. JONES. The committee having passed
upon the subject, and debate having been closed by
order of the House, there is nothing to which the
gentleman can attach his proposition.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
question of order raised by the gentleman from
Tennessee, and holds that it is now competent for
gentlemen to offer amendments, and to have a vote
upon them.
Mr. JONES. What is the proposition an
amendment to ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is an amendment to the
whole series of resolutions.
Mr. JONES. We have adopted them; and if
amendments are allowed now to be offered ad
infinitum, we never will get the resolutions out of
committee.
Mr. CABELL. Whatever objection may be
made to the subject of fortifications generally, I
think that the public mind is satisfied that there is
great propriety in fortifying the points to which
1 have, through the amendment I have presented,
| called the attention of the committee—Key West
and Tortugas. This is a matter in which my own
Slate is comparatively but little interested. It is
a question affecting the commerce and navigation
of the United States and of the world. These
points are the keys to the Gulf of Mexico, to the
West indies, and the Caribbean sea; for near to
them passes the commerce of the western coun-
try and the trade of the eastern coast of South
Amenta down to La Plata. The interests in-
volved in the proposed measure cannot be too
highly estimated. I stated in a publication recently
made, that the commerce and navigation annually
passing almost in sight of Tortugas and Key
West amounted to about $200,000,000 annually.
Upon further information, I am satisfied that the
true value is more than $400,000,000 per annum.
Sixty millions of dollars of gold comes annually
from California. I have not time to go i^ito sta-
tistics, but I shall print them for the use of the
committee by whom this subject is to be considered,
and for the House. The completion of a com-
munication between the Gulf of Mexico and the
Pacific ocean will more than double the value of
commerce and navigation passing in sight of these
forts. The attention of Congress has been re-
peatedly called to the importance of fortifying the
places to which I have made reference: first by
President Monroe, and since his time by most of
the Presidents, Secretaries of War, and engineers
that have examined into the matter, in official re-
ports.
In my investigations I have been greatly aided
by reference to a highly-valuable document, com-
municated by the Treasury Department to Con-
gress at the last session, respecting the trade, com-
merce, and navigation of the United States, which
paper was prepared by J. D. Andrews, Esq., the
intelligent and able United States Consul for St.
■ John's, New Brunswick. It is now being printed
by order of both Houses, and is, in my judgment,
one of the most important reports ever laid before
Congress. I have been allowed to make reference
to, and extracts from some of the proof sheets
which, at my request, were politely furnished to
me. An appendix to that report contains an im-
portant paper, prepared, as I learn, principally
from data and notes furnished by one of the most
intelligent engineer officers in the service, relating
totheGulf of Mexicoand Straits of Florida. This
I document, first session, Thirty-second Congress,
made August, 1852, will soon be laid on our tables,
and I solicit members to read the paper I rifer to
attentively. The message of President Monroe,
in 1S23, and the report of Secretary Thompson,
and of Commodore Rogers, and Commodore M.
C. Perry, are referred to in American Slate Pa-
pers, tit. Naval Affairs, p. 871. I will publish
them hereafter.
The late Commodore David Porter, it is well
known, repeatedly, expressed his opinion that Key
West and Tortugas were the most important points
in the Gulf, and he unhesitatingly avowed, on all
occasions, his decided preference for Key West as
a naval station. Before he left our service, and
while in command of" the Mosquito fleet." against
the Cuban pirates, he rendezvoused at Key West;
and after he became commander-in-chief of the
Mexican navy, he adopted the same course. In
the appendix referred to, it is stated that he ef-
fectually blockaded Havana and Matanzas, though
protected by the Spanish Admiral Laborde with a
superior force.
In a report to Congress, December, 1851, (No.
5, 1st session 32d Congress, page 9,) Secretary
Conrad strongly recommends the completion of
these two works.
General Totten, in his report, same document,
pages 52 and 53, and 110, concurs with him. He
gives a statement of the amount expended and of
the amounts necessary to finish the works, at page
25. Lieutenant Maury, of the Navy, at pages
166 and 179 to 184, proves, in a masterly manner,
that the measure now proposed is one that con-
cerns the whole country. So valuable do I regard
his suggestions that I shall append them in the
publication of these remarks in extenso, with other
opinions cited. The same intelligent officer, as
early as May, 1840, made known similar views
through the columns of the Southern Literary
Messenger, volume 4, page 310, in a manner that
deserves theattention of every prudent statesman.
And I here take occasion to repeat an anecdote of
the illustrious Jackson, heretofore given to the
public upon the same unquestionable authority.
Soon after "the Old Hero "was elected President,
| and before lie was sworn in, in conversing with
a friend as to what he wished to do, he, in his de-
cided way, said; " There are three things which,
with the blessing of God, I will cause to be done.
1. Pay off the national debt. 2. Kill the mon-
ster bank at Philadelphia. 3. Fortify the Tortu-
gas." He succeeded in the first. The second he
accomplished most effectually. I hope his old
friends will fulfill his patriotic wishes, and heed
his counsels as to the last.
At the present session of Congress the official
reports allude to Key West and Tortugas, in the
same way as at last session. This subject has at-
tracted notice in the British Parliament. Before
the cession of the Floridas, the Marquis of Ltins-
downe, in May, 1819, made a speech, of which I
will hereafter publish a part. He was then in the
opposition, and took Earl Bathurst and Earl
Liverpool to task for having allowed the cession,
and gave cogent reasons for his censure; and
amongst them was the importance of those mili-
tary and naval positions. (See Hans. Pari. Deb.,
1st series, vol. 40, p. 289.) Mr. Huskisson, an
English Minister, it is said once proposed the
seizure and fortification of the Tortugas by the
British Government, because it was the key to the
Gulf and West India trade. Lord George Ben-
tinck's speeches, since made, show that both
Ministerial and Opposition statesmen in England
have their vigilant attention directed to thatregion,
and to these points as controlling them. They
appreciate their importance, if some American
statesmen do not. The newspapers tell as that
Great Britain is augmenting her naval force at
Jamaica. France, with whom there is more reason
for us to anticipate trouble than with any other
European Power, is doing the same thing, and has
seized a part of Hayti. These facts show the ne-
cessity of the measure now suggested, and the
political considerations involved demand serious
attention. In this connection, I refer to General
Cass's celebrated report of April 8, 1836, (Ex.
Doc., vol. 6, No. 243, p.22,) to show the import-
ance of completing works that have been com-
menced as soon as possible by adequate appropri-
ations. No time can be more propitious than
now, when the Treasury is overflowing. I will
hereafter publish some extracts from it.
The completion of these works are also import-
