124
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 22,
ant, becauie they will destroy one argument aU
■ways urged in favor of the immediate acquisition
of Cuba—that the Mora Castle commands the Gulf
commerce. Complete Forts Jefferson and Taylor,
and that commerce is, in time of war, under our '
control, and with it the Havana and Matanzas,
as completely as Gibraltar commands the trade
from the Atlantic to the Mediterranean sea.
ThequeBtion was then taken on the amendment,
and it was disagreed to; there being, on a division,
ayes 32, noes not counted.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I wish to offer
an amendment to the resolutions.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I must again make
the point of order that there is nothing before the
committee which can be amended. We have
adopted the whole of the series of resolutions, and
the order of the House, terminating debate, re-
quires that this committee shall now rise and re-
port them to the House.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will see what
the gentleman offers.
The amendment of Mr. Johnson, was read, as
follows:
That the Committee on Ways and Means be, and they
are hereby, instructed to inquire into the expediency of
abolishing all duty on salt ana sugar.
Mr. JOHNSON. I suppose others than mem-
bers of the Committee on Ways and Means have
a right to present resolutions.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks, on re-
flection, that the point made by the gentleman
from Tennessee is sound. The committee have
considered all the resolutions of the series.
Mr. JOHNSON. Just in reply to the Chair's
decision, I will say that propositions to relieve the
people from taxation never are in order.
The CHAIRMAN. That may be so in the
opinion of the gentleman, but it is not so in the
opinion of the Chair.
Mr. STANLY. Dofs the Chair say that fur-
* ther amendment is out of order ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair states his opin-
ion to be this: That the House having by a special
order closed the debate on these resolutions, and
directed the committee to proceed to consider any
amendments which might be offered to them, and
then to report them to the House, and the com-
mittee having considered and passed on the whole
series of resolutions, we are boaad!bythe order of
the House to reportthero without considering any-
thing else.
Mr. STANLY. I move that the committee do
nowrise, and report the resolutions to the House.
The question was taken on the motion, and it
was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose, and the Speaker
having resumed the chair,the Chairman of the com-
mittee (Mr. Stuart) reported that the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union had had
thCState of the Union generally tinder considera-
tion, and particularly the annual message of the
President of the.United States, and had directed
him to report to the House certain resolutions
connected therewith.
Mr. HOUSTON. I call for the previous ques-
tion on the adoption of those resolutions.
Mr. ROBINSON. If the call for thfe previous
question be sustained, can the resolutions be di-
vided so that a separate vote may be hail on any
particular one?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opinion
that they ean be divided.
The call for the previous question was seconded,-
and the main question was {hen ordered to be put.
The SPEAKER. The main question is upon
concurring with the report of the Committee of
the Wholeon the state of the Union, TJie Clerk
will report the resolutions, and if desired by any
member, a separate vote may be had on any one
of them.
Mr. HOUSTON. We have heard these reso-
lutions read very recently, and, by the unanimous
consent of the House, I suggest that their reading
be dispensed with, and they be voted upon in
mass, excepting the one alluded to.by the gentle-
man from Indiana, [Mr. Robinson.]
There was no objection. .
. The SPEAKER. There being ho objection,
that course will be pursued.
Mr. STANLY. I want to know, before I
agree to that understanding,-what has been done
in regard to the tariff?
The SPEAKER. Nothing has been done.
The resolution stands as it was originally pre-
sented in committee.
Mr. STANLY. I have then no objection to
the course of proceeding proposed by the gentle-
man from Alabama.
The question was then taken on all the resolu-
tions excepting the eighth,and they were adopted.
The eighth resolution was read by<he Clerk, as
1 follows:
"That so much of said message as relates to com-
merce and the improvement of harbors, be referred to the
Committee on Commerce."
The SPEAKER. The amendment reported
1 from the committee is to add after the word "har-
bors," in the eighth resolution, the words "and
rivers," and to strike out so much of the tenth
resolution as refers the same to the Committee on
Roads and Canals.
Mr. STUART. I submit, as a question of order,
that there is no amendment to be acted upon.
These resolutions were not offered in the House;
they were offered by the gentleman from Alabama
in the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and as they came from that committee they
stand in the House. There is no amendment to
be acted upon. Had they been offered in the
House, and the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had amended them, the ques-
tion would be on the amendment.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Michi-
gan is correct, and the resolutions stand as they
were reported from the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union. The Clerk will report
the resolution as it comes from the committee.
The resolution was reported, as follows:
" That so much of said message as relates to commerce
and the improvement of harbors and rivers, be referred
1 to the Committee on Commerce."
Mr. ROBINSON. I call for the yeas and nays
on the adoption of thff resolution.
Mr. ORR. If the House should negative the
resolution, and a motion was then made to recon-
, aider, the previous question would not operate,
; and 1 suppose, at that stage, an amendment could
i be offered to the resolution ?
The SPEAKER. That has been the practice
of the House.
Mi-. HOUSTON. I move that the vote by
which the remainder df the resolutions Were adopt-
ed be reconsidered, and that the motion t6 recon-
sider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. I call for the read-
ing of the 98th rule of the House.
j It was read, as follows:
I " 93. It shall be the duty of the Committee on Roads and
Canals to take into consideration all such petitions and mat
ters or tilings relating to roads-and canals and the improve-
ment of the navigation of the rivers, as shall be presented,
| or may come in question, and be referred to them by the
House; and to report thereupon, together with such propo-
sitions relative thereto, as to them shall seem expedient."
i Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. I call for the
reading of the 83d rule.
It was read, as follows:
" 83. It shall be the duty of the Committee on Commerce
to take into consideration all such petitions and matters or
things touching the commerce of the United States as shall
be presented, or shall or may come into question, and bere-
i ferred to tbem by ttie House; and to report, from time to
time, their opinion thereon."
Mr. CARTTER. I would inquire of the Chair
whether this would be the first business in order
to-morrow on the reaseqpibling of the Honse, if
we should now ad journ ?
, The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
' under the operation of the previous question, the
' main question having been ordered to be put, it
would come up as the first business in order to-
morrow morning.
Mr. CARTTER. I move, then, that the House
do now adjourn.
The question was taken, and upon a division
I ther© were—ayes 62, noes 63.
The Speaker voted in the negative, rod the
motion was disagreed to.
Tellers were demanded on the adoption of the
resolution, and'they were ordered.
Mr. ORR renewed the motion to adjoum, and
j it was agreed to.
; And the House thereupon adjourned till to-mor-
row at twelve o'clock, m.
j PETITIONS, he. '
The following petitions and memorial* were presented
! nnder the rule, and referred to the appropriate committer:
By Mr. McDONALD: The petition of John E. Laury,
of Kittery, Maine, for bounty on the schooner Wellington,
tost on her return voyage, loaded with fish.
By Mr. CURTIS: The petition of Sarah Barber, for a
pension.
By Mr. 8CUDDER: The petition of Joseph L. McDonald
and others, for the improvement of Pamet harbor, in Truro,
Massachusetts.
By Mr. CHANDLER: The memorial of Henry Seidle
and other citizens of Philadelphia connty, asking Congress
to modify the bounty land act passed September, 1850, so
as to give each person to be benefited by said act, and the
seamen and marines who served in the late wars, one hun-
dred and fillv acres of land.
By Mr. BERNHISEL : The memorial of the Legislative
Assembly of the Territory of Utah, asking-Congress for an
appropriation of $5,000, to compensate the code commis-
sioners.
' By Mr. ORR: The memorial of John Beltnn O'Neall,
President of the Greenville and Columbia Railroad Com-
pany, praying that a credit be extended on the duties for
railroad iron for said road, and that the same be paid in mall
service.
IN SENATE.
Wedneseat, December 22, 1852.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. C. M. Butler.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of the Treasury,
made in compliance with a resolution of the Sen-
ate, in relation to the classification and appoint-
ment of clerks in the Executive Departments;
which was ordered to lie on the table and b«
printed.
COMMITTEE ON INDIAN AFFAIRS.
Mr. RUSK. The election of a Presiding Of-
ficer of this body has rendered the chairmanship
of the Committee on Indian Affairs vacant. I bar
lieve, according to the rules of the Senate, the
next on the list is regarded as chairman. Mr*
Sebastian being the next on the list, will there*
fore be the chairman; but a vacancy will be left oa
the committee, which I move that the Chair be
authorized to fill.
The motion was agreed to; and the President
appointed Mr- Walker.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. HALE presented a petition of citizens of
Dover, New Hampshire, praying Congress that
they would take such action aa they deem best to
secure in the treaties of the United States with
other nations a provision for referring to the de-
cision of umpires all misunderstandings that can-
not be satisfactorily adjusted by amicable nego-
tiation; which was referred to the Committee on
I Foreign Relations.
Also, a petition of citizens of Concord, New
I Hampshire, praying that the bill giving further
remedies to patentees may become a law, which
i was referred to the Committee on Patents and the
: Patent Office.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of citi-
zens of Boston, Massachusetts, praying that the
bill giving further remedies to patentees may be-
1 come a law; which was referred to the Committee
i on Patents and the Patent Office.
Also, the memorial of Elisha Putnam, praying
for arrears of pension; which was referred to the
1 Committee on Pensions.
Mr. SMITH presented the petition of Lucretia
W". Hubbard, for herself and other children of
< Elijah Ransom, deceased, praying to be allowed
the pension to which he would have been entitled
under the act of May 15, 1828, had he lived till
that time; which was referred to the Committee on
' Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. DE SAUSSURE presented the petition of
the Greenville and Columbia Railroad Company
of South Carolina, praying leave to give their
bond for duties on railroad iron, payable in ten
* annual installments; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Also, the petition of Henry W. Kuthman,
owner of the ship Prentice, praying to be allowed
to change her name to that of Leonie; which waa
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. DOWNS presented the memorial of C-
, W. Easonand Joseph J. Eason, praying th'eright
. of preemption to certain lands settled and iffi-
; proved by them; which was referred to the Com-
j mittee on Private LandClaims.
( Also, the memorial of James Stephens and Eli-
I sha C. Stephens, praying the right of preemption
! to certain land; which was referred to the Com-
! mittee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. BAYARD. 1 present the memorial of
