1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
125
J&me* Booth and forty others, citizens of the
town of New Castle, Delaware, praying Congress
to grant to that town the arsenal located there.
The memorial states that this arsenal was erected
on a par; of a public square culled the Market
Square, which was voluntarily conveyed, without
consideration, by the inhabitants of the town, to
the United States in 1S10. The arsenal was erected
and occupied by the United States down to ljj35;
but since then it has been useless to the United
States. The people are desirous of using it tis a
school-house, and therefore pray that the United
States will grant them the title to the property. I
move that it be referred to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs.
The memorial was so referred.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. BAYARD gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill granting and convey-
ing tlie arsenal in the town of New Castle, in tiie
State of Delaware, to the trustees of said town
and their successors.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. WADE, by unanimous consent, asked and
obtained leave to introduce a bill to surrender to
the State of Ohio the unfinished portion of the
Cumberland road in said State; which was read a
first and second tin e by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Roads and Canals.
Mr. CLEMENS, agreeably to previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill to re-
move the land office at Sparta, Alabama, to Elba,
in said State; which was read a first and second
time by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
IMPROVEMENT OF RED RIVER.
Mr. BORLAND, agreeably to previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a joint res-
olution explanatory of an act appropriating money
for the removal of the raft in Red river; which was
read a first and second time.
Mr. BORLAND. I movethat it be referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. RUSK. I do not think there is anyneoes-
 ity for that reference. The appropriation of the
money was made at the last session, and the ob-
ject of the resolution is simply to get clear of a
difficulty which has arisen in the way of spending1
that money to accomplish the object in the best
manner.
Mr. BORLAND. Then I withdraw my mo-
tion to refer the resolution, and ask for its consid-
eration at this time.
No objection was made, and the joint resolution
was considered by the Senate as in Committee of
the Whole. It proposes to direct that so much of
the act entitled " An act making appropriations for
the improvement of certain rivers and harbors,"
approved August 30th, 1832, as relates to Red
river, be so construed as to authorize the Secre-
tary of War to award the contract for the remo-
val of the obstruction of the navigation of said river,
occasioned by the raft, to the person or persons
who, for the amount of the appropriation, will
agree to remove said obstruction, and keep said
navigation free from the same for the longest
period of time; said contract to be awarded after
reasonable public notice.
Mr. BORLAND. It will be perceived from the
reading of the resolution, that it is explanatory of
a part of the act passed at the last session making
appropriation for the improvement of certain rivers
and harbors. In the appropriation for the removal
of the raft in Red river, the term used for the dis-
posal of the appropriation was simply " For re-
moval of the raft of Red river." It has been as-
certained that for the amount appropriated, the
raft can be removed and kept removed, or the nav-
igation of the river, which is now obstructed by
it, can be kept open for a period ranging from three
to five years. The Secretary of War, however,
is of opinion that he has no authority, under the
simple power conferred, to remove the raft, and to
get the greater benefit which could be derived from
the same amount of money, by giving the contract
to some one who will agree not only to remove
the raft, but keep it removed. The object of the
resolution is to remove his difficulty on that score,
and enable him to get a greater benefit, instead of
a lesser. I hope, therefore, there will be no ob-
jection to its passage.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate .
without amendment, ordered to be engrossed fat
a third reading, read a third time, and passed.
MARGARET L. WORTH.
Mr. BORLAND, from the Conferees on the
part of the Senate, on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses on the bill for the relief of Margaret
L. Worth, reported that they had met the Con-
fereeson thejiart of the Houseof Representatives,
and that they had agreed to recommend, that the
House of Representatives recede from its amend-
ment to the Senate bill, and that said bill be passed
in the form in which it came from the Senate.
The Senate proceeded to consider the report,
and concurred therein.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. BRADBURY, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to which was referred the petition of
Lewis C. Grover, and other citizens of Newark,
New Jersey, praying an amendment to the patent
law, asked to be discharged from the further con-
sideration thereof, a bill having been reported on
the subject; which was agreed to.
Mr. GEYER, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to which was referred the petition of Leslie
Combs, praying that provision be made for the pay-
ment of certain Texas bonds held by him, asked
to be discharged from the further consideration
thereof, a bill having been reported on the sub-
ject from the Committee on Finance; which was
agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to which
was referred a bill to amend the act entitled " An
act to provide for extending the laws and the
judicial system of the United States to the State
of California," passed the 23th day of September,
1850, asked to be discharged from the further con-
sideration thereof, as the object had been provided
for in a general appropriation bill at the last ses-
sion; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to which
were referred the petition of Sarah L. Russell, and
the memorial of H. G. Helfenstein and others,
asked to be discharged from the further considera-
tion thereof; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to which was
referred a memorial of members of the bar and
citizens of California, in favor of granting in-
creased compensation to the district judge of the
northern district of California, asked to be dis-
charged from the further consideration thereof;
which was agreed to.
Mr. DOWNS, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to which was referred the petition of
Cornelius P. Van Ness, asked to be discharged
from the further consideration thereof, the peti-
tioner having died since the last session of Con-
gress; which was agreed to.
RIGHT OF WAY.
Mr. FELCH. The Committee on Public
Lands, to which was referred the bill from the
House of Representatives, granting to the Sack-
ett's Harborand Ellisburg Railroad Company the
right of way through the military reservation at
Sackett's Harbor, New York, have directed me
to report it back without amendment. This is a
bill in the ordinary form; and as the work of the
company is progressing on that parf of the road,
I ask that the bill may be considered now. It is
a matter in which the Senators from that State
take an interest.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded,
as in Committee of the Whole, to consider the
bill. It proposes to grant to the Sackett's Har-
bor and Eilisburg Railroad Company the right of
way through the lands of the United States in
the village of Sackett's Harbor, Jefferson county,
New York, provided, that in the opinion of the
President of the United States, the grant be not
injurious to the public interests.
Mr. SHIELDS. I would ask the honorable
chairman of the Committee on Public Jjands,
whether he has made any inquiries in relation to
this military reservation from the proper Depart-
ment ?
Mr. FELCH. In answer to the inquiry of the
honorable Senator, I wouldstate thatthebill origin-
ally introduced into the Senate forthispurpose,pro-
posed to give the land itself to the company. To
that bill the Committee on Public Lands were op-
posed. They made inquiries of the Department
having charge of this land, and were satisfied that
the land ought not to be granted; but they were
satisfied, at the same time, that the company should
have the right of way over it, and were willing to
allow that, leaving the whole subject under the
direction of the President. This grant of the
right of way is necessary, in order to allow the
company to bring their road to the water. The
Government has several acres of land there, I am
not able to say precisely how much; but no1 in-
jury can accrue by leaving the matter under the
direction of the President. I believe no one makes
objection; certainly not the Department.
Mr. SHIELDS. My only reason for making
the inquiry was this: If this land has been re-
served for military purposes, there was probably
some military object to be accomplished by the
. reservation, and I do not know what effect the
running of this road through it would have upon
it as a military position. I think it would be well
to make inquiries at the proper Department. Has
the gentleman inquired of the War Department,
or of the Topographical Engineers, to ascertain
the original object of the reservation,and whether
it would be injured or damaged by this grant?
My impression is that the reservation, for military
purposes, must be abandoned if this road passes
through it; I cannot tell how that is. I would like
to inquire into the matter, and if there be no par-
ticular object in pressing the bill this morning, I
should like to have it laid over.
Mr. FELCH. The Senator is entirely mis-
taken in supposing that any rights of the United
States can be injured by this grant. This tract of
land is not the only one occupied for a military
post there, which I understand is near the water;
but the reservation extends further back into the
town or adjoining the town. The Senator from
New York is probably more familiar with the lo-
cation than I am; but it will be perceived at once,
that if any difficulty should be likely to occur, the
President need not make the grant, for it is sub-
mitted entirely to his discretion.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a'
third time, and passed.
Mr. FELCH. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Public Lands to report back Senate bill,
■ " to extend the provisions of the fourth section of
' an act to grant the right of way to all rail and
' plank road companies, and macadamized turn-
' pikes passing through public land belonging to
' the United States, approved August 14th, 1852,"
and to move that it be postponed indefinitely. It
covers the same object as the bill which has just
: been passed.
The motion was agreed to.
RAILROAD TO THE PACIFIC.
Mr. GW1N. In accordance with previous no-
tice, I ask lfave to introduce a bill authorizing the
construction of a railroad and branches; for estab-
lishing a certain postal communication between
the shores of the Pacific and Atlantic, within the
United States; for the protection and facilities of
travel and commerce, and for the necessary de-
fenses of the country.
Leave to introduce the bill was granted, and it
was read a first time, and ordered to a second
reading.
Mr. GWIN. I hope that bill may be read a
second time now, and be made the special order of
the day for the 10th of January. It is the same
bill, substantially, as that which was reported
from the Committee on Territories during the last
session.
Mr. HUNTER. I have no objection to the
reading of the bill a second time now, but I hope
; the Senator will not insist on making it the special
order of the day for so early a day as he has
named, for there are other measures of great im-
portance which ought to be considered before that.
Mr. GWIN. 1 am confident there will be no
measure before Congress at this session so im-
portant to the country as this; and I hope it may
be read a second time now, and made the order of
the day as I have suggested.
The bill was then read a second time.
Mr. GWIN. I now move that it be made the
special order of the day for the 10th of January.
Mr. CHASE. This bill contemplates a very
, important object; and if I understand the Senator
from California, in its present shape it has never
been acted upon by any committee. I hope it
will take the ordinary course, and be referred. I
. introduced a bill the other day which had had the
