128
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 22.
night be stricken out, and let the bill be amended
according to the gentleman'* ideas.
Mr. HALE. I know very well, and the Sen-
ate will recollect, that this bill was the subject of
discussion at the last session. I think the chair-
man of the Committee on the Judiciary spoke
upon it. I think the Senator from Delaware had
something to say about it. There was a great
deal of discussion, and a good deal of apprehen-
sion expressed about various provisions of it. So
for as the main object, which I understand the bill
has in view, is concerned, 1 am decidedly in favor
of it, and that is, to protect American inventors
against infringements upon their rights by per-
sons carrying over a patented machine on the other
side of the British line, manufacturing their articles
from it, and then bringing them back into this
country for sale. That, 1 understand to be the
general object of the bill, and I am decidedly in
favor of it. But my impression is very strong
that when the bill was reported it went a great
deal further than that. It was an objection to it
that an honest but an ignorant purchaser of one
of these articles, which had been thus manufac-
tured and brought into the country, would be sub-
jected to the penalties of the bill it it was found in
his hands. For instance, sir, if a piece of cloth,
made in a machine that was carried into one of
the adjoining provinces, were brought over here
and found upon the back of any one of our citi-
zens, he might, as the bill was reported, be sub-
jected to its penalties. Now, whether the bill has
been amended so as to obviate all these objections
or not, I do not know. If it has been so amended
I am in favor of it.
Mr. MILLER. It has been.
Mr. HALE. That is the very thing which I
want to ascertain.
Mr. MILLER. Let the bill be read, and that
will be shown.
Mr. HALE. I do not want to take any one's
word for it, though I have as much confidence in
die Senator from New Jersey as in any man living;
but I wish to examine it myself, and therefore I
hope that he will consent to let it lie over.
Mr. MILLER. I would be glad to indulge the
Senator, but this bill stood second on the list du-
ring most of the last session of Congress. It !
was taken up, I think three times, and amended to !
meet every objection that was started; and when 1
we last had it before the Senate, the question was ,
upon the amendment of the Senator from Dela- !
ware, to strike out the word "use," which had
previously been inserted. I am willing that that
' word shall be stricken out; it was put in by way
of amendment after the bill had been reported. I
believe the suggestion was first made by the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire himself, that it should
be stricken out, and if he would allow the bill to
be read, he would find out that, as it now stands,
it obviates the objections at first urged to it. The
difficulty of postponement is that injuries are con-
tinually resulting to the legal rights of patentees who
have obtained patents under the laws of this coun-
try by importations of goods from Canada, which
have been manufactured from their machines. If
anything is to be done in regard to the matter,
it ought to be done at once. There is another
reason why I cannot consent to postpone the bill
until to-morrow, because to-morrow I intend to
leave the city, and shall not return until after the
hoiidAyt*
Mr. BRADBURY. I remember that the ob-
jection urged against this bill at the last session
was, that in the attempt to protect patentees, the
penalties of the biU were visited upon those who
should " knowingly use" articles that had been
imported thus manufactured out of the country
by these patented machines. The objection then
was mainly confined to that clause which prohib-
ited the use of manufactured articles. I myself
supposed that the bill would not give adequatepro-
tection without retaining that portion of it. It is
believed, however, that it will amount to some-
thing; that it will give some protection; that it will
afford a partial relief if passed with the omission
of that portion; and I understand that rather than
be left without any relief, those interested in the
measure will consent that that portion of the bill
shall be stricken out, and that being done, I ap-
prehend no objection will be urged.
Mr. BAY ARD. When this bill was before the
Senate at the last session, I did move tcr strike
out the word " use," in the first and second sec-
tions of it. The language is, "if any person or
corporation shall import hereafter, or have in pos-
session for purposes of traffic, use, or sale, any
articles," &c., they are to be liable in the same man-
ner as the manufacturer of the articles. Though I
was perfectly willing to afford proper remedies to
a patentee for the protection of the rights to which
he was entitled under his patent, I considered that
the principle was an unsound one which entitled
the patentee, as against the community at large, to
hold liable every person who might be in the pos-
session or the use of an article, even with the quali-
fication of " knowing it to have been so imported."
1 thought it was an objectionable principle, because
it made each individual consumer liable to contest,
at the volition of the patentee or his assignee, the
question of the validity of that patent. In other
words, I thought it was carrying the principle of
protection,at theexpenseofthecommunity at large,
to too great an extent; and even if the party could
not be protected without it, I was unwilling to
vote for such a principle. 1 endeavored to illus-
trate it then by putting the case of a book for which
you grant a copyright. This bill provides that the
party may file a bill in chancery, as well as bring
a suit at law, to hold the party who has posses-
sion responsible. Why, tne idea that a man who
had in his possession a copyrighted book should
be liable either for damages, or be responsible in a
court of chancery for the use of such a book, would
be a monstrous proposition; and I cannot distin-
guish between the application of the principle to
the case of a copyright and the case of a patent.
I do not know that I shall object to this bill, if
the words which 1 have moved to strike out shall
be stricken out; otherwise I think it will be an
entire alteration of the principle upon which the
rights of patentees have been heretofore protected,
either in the country from which our laws have
been mainly derived, or in this country. It is a
new principle to make the mere consumer liable
to be brought into litigation with the patentee, as
regards his rights. Though it may be said that
this power would not be abused, that does not fol-
low; and I put this case: The bill provides that a
pfity shall be subjected to its penalties if he uses
articles " knowing them to have been so im-
ported;" and the difficulty that occurred to my
mind at once was this: Courts of justice might hold
that if a party published An advertisement in die
newspapers, stating that certain articles had been
imported, and it could be traced to an individual that
he was in the habit of receiving that newspaper,
that was sufficient notice—that it was constructive
notice, and was prima fade proof of knowledge if
those articles were in his possession. Further, it
might have this effect, as between patentees them-
selves: An individual who wished to destroy the
sale of an article held under a valid patent, by
publishing such a notice to the community, could
prevent the sale, and force the real patentee to
compromise with him, in order to avoid the effect
of the notice. 1 could state, if I had time to do so,
a great many objections to the introduction of the
principle of holding the consumer, under any cir-
cumstances, liable in reference to an article, no
matter where made or when imported. I still ad-
here to my motion to amend the bill, by striking
out the word " use, "in the two sections of the bill.
Mr. MILLER. We will agree to that.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FELCH. Mr. President, I hope the Sen-
ator from New Jersey will consent to act upon the
suggestion of the Senator from New Hampshire,
and postpone the further consideration of this
matter for the present. It involves, as every one
| who remembers the discussion at the last session
will recollect, matters of great difficulty as well as
of great importance. I know very well that after
the discussion I received, and I presume other
j Senators received, several documents upon the
i subject, showing the operation of this kind of le-
' gisktion upon the rights of parties, and of course,
' upon the rights of the public; also showing that
1 it was very extensive in its operation, and that it
must be very injurious to individuals, and, in some
instances, to the public at large. I am not now
familiar with—I do not now recollect—the partic-
ular points whieh were suggested, or the facts
which were Mated in those communications, but I
recollsct enongh of them to be unwilling to cast a
vote on this subject til) I shall have refreshed my
memory by referring to those communications,
I and also to the points which were presented hers
at the last session of Congress. I hope the Sen-
I ator from New Jersey will yield to that sugges-
: tion, and allow the subject to lie over until we
have examined it. If it meets the view of the
Senator, I will, therefore, move to postpone the
further consideration of the bill until to-morrow.
Mr. MILLER. It seams that I have been very
unfortunate about this bill. This is the third ses-
sion at which it has been before Congress, and all
the subjects involved in it have been talked about
and debated until we were just arriving at the
point of coming to a vote, when some gentleman
would rise and ask time for a further consideration
of the subject. In the mean while, the evil which
it is intended to remedy is going on daily with the
most disastrous effect upon the rights of patentees.
If we are to do anything in the matter, let it be
done at once, especially after the delay which
has taken place. But if the Senate think proper
to postpone the subject, I have nothing to say.
Mr. HALE. Now that the bill has been
brought up, I remember that in the discussions
which took place at the last session, this objection
was made to it, and I want to know whether it
has been obviated, or whether it is thought that
there was nothing in it. The objection was this;
that if there was a machine patented in the United
States which was legally in operation in Canada,
New Brunswick, or Nova Scotia—for there might
be erne—the bill would subject articles manufac-
tured upon that machine to the same penalties as
if they nad been illegally manufactured there. I
remember that that was a suggestion which was
not started by myself, but by some one of the
gentlemen who spoke upon the subject; I do not
remember who it was. The matter nas somewhat
escaped my mind, and I shall not insist upon any
motion to postpone; but as the honorable Senator
from Michigan has made such a motion,! think it
a wise disposition to make of the subject.
Mr. BRADBURY. I recollect very well that
the objection alluded to by the Senator from New
Hampshire was brought forward at the last ses-
sion, out I believe that a further examination sat-
isfied the Senator who urged it; at any rate, I few
one became satisfied that there was no instance
of the kind. An amendment might easily obviate
any such objection, though I think it unnecessary,
for 1 believe there is n« case of any articles being
ii brought in from Canada legally manufactured
I there in the way named; so that I think there can
| be no objection on that account. I hope, how-
n ever, that the bill will be postponed, witn the un-
derstanding that it is to be taken up for considera-
tion to-morrow; because it is a very serious matter
that we should have our manufactories transferred
fnrtn within our own borders to a foreign territory
—that when the inventive genius of our own citi-
zens shall have produced machines by which man-
ufactures can be easily carried on, our legislation
should be left such upon the statute-book that ths
whole manufacture of these articles should b*
transferred out of our own country.
Mr. BAYARD. I move the bill be postponed
< until Tuesday next, and I have no objection to its
: being made the special order for that day. I think
: there ought to be some little time allowed us to
' j consider its" provisions. It has passed from the
I memory of many Senators. In the mean time
( they can examine the subject, and there may then
i be no objection to it. I think it wiser to postpone
I it until that day, and I make that motion.
ij Mr. BORLAND. I am willing to vote for the
postponement of this question, but I am unwilling
: to vote for making any more special orders,
i Mr. BAYARD. My motion is simply to post-
pone it until Tuesday next;
Mr. BORLAND. Then I have no objection.
The motion was agreed to.
COMPENSATION OF MEMBERS OF CONGRESS.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I introduced at the last
session, a bill proposing to change the mode of
compensating members of this body and of the
| other House. If we do not act upon it early in the
session, it will not be acted on at all. It is a mat-
ter which will not affect me in the least. I have
acted in regard to it from a sense of public duty.
It will concern those who are to remain here after
I shall- have gone. I rise to call the attention of
the Senate to it now, for the purpose of consulting
Senators, to ascertain whether they are disposed
to act upon it, and if they are, then to fix upon
tons day for its consideration. My position is such
