THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
32d Congress, 2d Session.
THURSDAY, DECEMBER 23, 1852.
New Series....No. 9.
in reference to it, that I do not think it my duty to
trouble the Senate upon the subject. If, therefore,
Senators do not feel disposed to act upon it during
the present session, I wish them to signify it now,
because I do not intend to trouble them hereafter
in relation to it. If it be their pleasure to act upon
it during the session, I hope that it will be taken
up and acted upon now, or some day fixed for its
consideration. I am indifferent as to the day. My
object is to get clear of the subject one way or the
other. It is a matter, I think, of some importance,
in reference to the feelings of the country, and I
hare acted in pursuance of what I conceive to be
the public sentiment. If the Senate, however, is
determined to pass the subject by during this ses-
sion, I would be glad, upon a test vote, that Sena-
tors would refuse to take up the bill. I shall then
have done with it. If they are disposed to act
upon it, I hope they will take it up now.
The bill has not been referred to any committee.
I laid it upon the table because there was no com-
mittee to which the subject of it properly belonged.
It was a subject that needed no reference. I laid
the bill upon the table with the expectation of ask-
ing members to take it up and consider it, and I
now move to take it up. I hope the vote will be
regarded as a test vote, so that, if gentlemen are
not disposed to consider it, they will vote against
taking it up. They would relieve me by taking
that course. I move, therefore, to take up for
consideration the bill " to change the mode of
compensating members of Congress."
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill. It proposes to enact that after March 3d,
1S53, there shall be paid to each Senator, Repre-
sentative, and Delegate, a salary of $2,000 per an-
num, one half to be paid upon his attendance at
the beginning of a session, and the other half at
the end of the session; also twenty cents for each
mile of distance from his residence to the capital
on a straight line; and that the Secretary of the
Treasury shall deduct at the end of a session ten
dollars for each day the Senator, Representative,
or Delegate may have been absent, unless such
absence were occasioned by his sickness, or the
sickness of his wife or child. It also provides
that each member shall, at the end of the session,
make and verify under oath, a statement of how
many days he absented himself.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Mr. President, as the
bill is up for consideration, I will make a brief
statement to the Senate with reference to it. My
own opinion is, that owing to the change of the
currency of the country—owing to the change of
times since 1818, when the compensation of mem-
bers of Congress was fixed by law, the compen-
sation now allowed is inadequate, compared with
the salaries allowed the other officers of the Gov-
ernment. I think there ought to be some increase
to place the members of Congress upon a footing
with others. I have, therefore, proposed to raise
the compensation to $2,000 per annum. At pres-
ent, the per diem allowance for the short session,
about ninety days, is only $720. The per diem
allowance of a member for a long session depends,
as every gentleman knows, upon the duration of
the session, and it fluctuates very much. Some-
times it may amount to, or exceed $2,000. At
other times it will not come up to it. We all know
perfectly well that although there are about nine
months after the adjournment of Congress at the
termination of the short session, before we meet
again in the December following, it cannot be very
profitably employed in professional pursuits. If a
member is elected for the ensuing Congress, he
wishes to devote his time to investigating the busi-
ness,and studying the subjects likely to come up in
the course of his term. And we know, also, that a
service here interrupts most materially all the busi-
ness in which we are in the habit of engaging at
home. The utility of a member—his weight and
influence here greatly depend upon the manner in
which he spends the recess. He should devote
his time to public affairs, and if he does that, he
can pay but little attention to his own.
For these considerations I am disposed to make
9
some increase of compensation to members of
Congress. I have therefore proposed #2,000 as
an annual salary, and I have in the bill allowed
the same mileage, I believe, as is now allowed by
law, with this difference—my bill proposes that
the mileage allowed shall be estimated upon a
straight line; whereas the mileage now allowed is
variously estimated—sometimes giving us India
rubber lines, as I have seen it stated in a recent
publication, for political purposes. Thus the dis-
tance traveled by members from the same district
is elongated or shortened, according to the claim
made by the member representing the district at
this or that time. Sometimes we charge by the
winding of rivers, and sometimes by the usual
road traveled. There is no fixed or certain rule,
and the compensation paid is as various as the
consciences of members, those traveling shorter
distances often receiving more than those who
travel much further.
There is no uniformity in the present mode of
charging mileage. My bill proposes to place all
upon a uniform footing, and then to produce one
other effect: Instead of allowing us to judge for
ourselves, in violation of that good old common
law maxim that no one ought to be a judge in his
own case, I have proposed that the mileage to be
paid shall be ascertained, according to the rule
prescribed, by a disinterested person, viz: the
Secretary of the Treasury. I give the rule, and
then select a disinterested person to carry it out
and decide upon it. Hence it must necessarily
result that those objections which have been taken
in the newspapers and through the country to the
present mode of compensation will be obviated.
The mileage allowed will more than compensate
any individual for coming to find returning home
from the capital. It will a good deal more than
do it; and I had another object in view. I wished
to allow a mileage which would more than com-
pensate the actual travel and the time spent in
coming and returning, in order to give some ad-
vantage to the members who live more remote
from the capital. I thought that those who lived
within striking distance of their homes, consider-
ing the railroad facilities now furnished, and who
could, perhaps, two or three times during a ses-
sion, visit their families,ought to consentthat those
of us who lived at a greater distance, particularly
those living upon the Pacific coast, should have
some little advantage in consequence of their posi-
tion. 1 was therefore disposed to retain the mile-
age as it stood at present, only making the reform
which I have indicated.
Mr. BAYARD. The Senator from Kentucky
will allow me to suggest to him that 1 think he
has reduced the mileage one half. He has put it
at twenty cents per mile. I think the present
mileage is forty cents.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I believe it is twenty
cents for going, and twenty cents for returning.
Mr. HALE. I believe it is forty cents each
way.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Then I have uninten-
tionally made a mistake in the bill. I did not in-
tend to make such a reduction; and I think if the
bill is examined, it will be found to be precisely in
conformity to the law as it now stands; for that
was the great object I had in view.
Mr. BUTLER. The mileage now is eight dol-
lars for every twenty miles, and that is forty cents
a mile.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I state that my object
was to make it precisely what it now is; and if
the bill is not so drawn, and my friend will prepare
an amendment, I will accept it with a great deal of
pleasure.
Mr. BAYARD. If that was the intention of
the honorable Senator, I move to strike out twenty
and insert forty.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I hope that will be done.
I believe, by unanimous consent, I can accept the
amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be no
objection, the amendment will be made.
There was no objection.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. The only objection which
P'
b<
I can see that can now be rationally taken to the
bill is, that it may operate apparently with some lit-
tle severity upon members who live at agreatdis-
tance, and who, heretofore, in consequence of the
mode of charging mileage, may have received more
than they will leceive under the operation of this
bill. But I hope members who are so situated,
will consent to yield a little of what the country
has perhaps considered extravagant, for the pur-
ose of bringing up others who, I conceive, nave
een underpaid. It will be meeting somewhat upon
half-way ground. It will operate as an increase to
a large majority, while it will diminish to some
extent, I admit, the compensation of those who
have received very large sums as mileage, in con-
sequence of the actual distance they live from the
capital; and the error, as I believe, of charging
for very circuitous routes traveled. I think it will
be just, and will be satisfactory to the country.
The bill provides that there shall be no com-
pensation allowed to Senators for meeting in extra
sessions while the House of Representatives are
not in session. The allowance of constructive
mileage is a subject, I think, which has met the
condemnation of the country. The bill cuts that
up by the roots, and proposes not to allow it here-
after. We undertook to get clear of the allow-
ance of constructive mileage by a bill which was
introduced by the Senator from Maryland, [Mr.
Pearce,] and passed two sessions ago. His bill
prohibited the allowance of constructive mileage
at an Executive session called upon the coming in
of a new Administration. By such a prohibition
the implication was left that if there was an Execu-
tive session at any other time, constructive mileage
was to be allowed, and I believe the practice of
the Senate has been, notwithstanding the passage
of that bill, to take constructive mileage at a called
Executive session happening at a time other than
the coming in of a new Administration. Sir, if
it was proper to pass a law prohibiting the allow-
ance at an Executive session called upon the com-
ing in of a new Administration, it is equally proper
to get clear of it at an Executive session called at
any other time. This bill makes no discrimin-
ation in that way. It refuses to allow construct-
ive mileage under any and all circumstances.
I have provided that half of the compensation
shall be paid to the member when he comes to
the seat of Government, and the other half upon
the adjournment of Congress, when he is going
home. I hardly know whether I ought to make
a remark which I shall submit. I intend to make
it, without designing to wound the feelings of any
individual upon the face of the earth. I hope it
will not have that effect. But, allow me to say,
that it is a principle of human nature to feel some-
what tempted to continue in a condition during
which our regular pay is meted out, and it is possi-
ble that members of Congress may, in some small
degree, be tempted to prolong the sessions of Con-
gress for the per diem which is allowed. Sir, our
State Legislatures have admitted the existence of
temptations of that sort, and our State Legisla-
tures and our State constitutions too, in some in-
stances, have provided against the consequences
likely to result from such temptations. They have
found it necessary to put some limitations upon
the practice of prolonging sessions to obtain the
per diem compensation. I do not kiiow that, in
the more exalted stations we occupy, we are more
exempt from the common principles of our nature
than members of State Legislatures. I appre-
hend that what has been found necessary and
proper in reference to them, may also be found
necessary and proper in reference to us. I have,
therefore, selected an annual salary, and propose
to give one half to the members at the meeting of
Congress, and the other half at the adjournment,
so that there shall be no temptation whatever to
prolong the sessions; but if there be any tempta-
tion resulting from the mode of compensation, it
will be to discharge the duties promptly, do the
business of the people, and go home.
Now, sir, you have the whole object which I
had in view in introducing the bill. I have post-
poned its operation to a time when I shall have
