180
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 22,
left the Senate. I have made it prospective, be-
cause it will give the people an opportunity,
through their representatives, to act upon it in a
new Congress. If the people should be dissatis-
fied with its provisions, they will, it being pro-
spective, instruct their representatives to weal it;
and I have no doubt, in such a case, that tlie Sen-
ate would concur with the other branch of the
National Legislature in repealing it. I remember
perfectly well—for I was old enough then to pay
attention to political affairs—when the compensa-
tion bill passed in 1816, giving an annual salary,
as I propose now to do, that The effect of its pas-
sage was to turn out of office almost every man
that voted for it. Mr. Clay, I think, was the only
survivor of the storm in the State of Kentucky—
perhaps Colonel Johnson was another; but with
those exceptions, all from Kentucky who voted
for it went by the board. Now, it may be said
that this bill will have the same effect. Not so.
So far as I have noticed the manifestation of pub-
lic sentiment, through the press, in regard to the
proposition which I have made, it has been uni-
formly favorable all over the country. What is
the ground of difference? It is this: The mem-
bers of Congress who passed the bill of 1816,
pocketed the money which they allowed them-
selves; they made it retrospective, or it went into
effeot immediately; so that they were benefited by
it; and hence the people received it with indigna-
tion. They condemned members of Congress for
running their hands into the public Treasury, and
putting money in their pockets without giving
them an opportunity of speaking on the matter
before it was done. With a perfect'recollection of
the effect of the measure of 1816, of the manner
in which it operated upon the representatives from
Kentucky who voted for it, I have framed this
bill. I have made it prospective—not to take effect
during this Congress—in order to submit it to the
consideration of the people. If they approve it,
it will remain a law. If they are dissatisfied, they
will, as I have already said, instruct their repre-
sentatives to repeal it, and the Senate will no doubt
conform to the popular wishes. Having thus ex-
plained the measure which I have thought proper
to introduce, I shall have nothing more to say
upon it, unless it be attacked in a manner in which i
I think it should not be. ;
Mr. BADGER. I desire to say a few words i
upon this bill, but before doing so, 1 ask that the |
third section may beread. !
Mr. BAYARD. 1 wish to move to amend the
bill by striking out that section, and, with the per-
mission of the Senator, I will do so now. I cer-
tainly could not vote for the bill with it in. I
therefore move to strike the following from the
bill:
" Sec. 3. Jlnt be it further enacted, That the Secretary
of the Treasury Bhall deduct from the compensation to be
paid as aforesaid, at the end of Ibe session, ten dollars for
each day the member or delegate may have been absent
from hit seat daring the sitting of the House of which be is
a member, unless such absence was occasioned by his sick-
ness or the sickness of his wife or child; and each Senator,
Representative, or Delegate, shall state at the end of each
session bow many days he hath so absented himself, and
verify his statement on oath; and if any Senator, Repre-
sentative, or Delegate, shall refuse to furnish such state-
meat, no payment shall then be made to him."
Mr. BADGER. There is no member of this
or the other House of Congress, more fully sen-
sible than I am that the compensation paid (o the
member* of both Houses is grossly inadequate,
and there is no member of either House more
ready to take the responsibility, if it be one, of
passing a proper law to make a juet and ade-
quate remuneration to tis, not upon the principle
of an imperfect payment of our expenses, but upon
the principle expressly directed by the Constitu-
tion as a " compensation for" our services." |n
every other department of the Government, the
compensation is graduated with some view to the
services to be rendered, and the expenses to be in-
curred. But the services were entirely left out of :
view, so far as I have been able to see, by those
who were engaged in constructing the act which
regulates the compensation of members of the two
Houses. In fact, Congress seemed to have be-
come so alarmed at the astounding outbursts of
public indignation,when they ventured some thirty-
mx years ago to award to themselves theenor-
moos compensation of f 1,500 a year for their ser- 1
vices, thereby putting themselves upon a footing
with the second-rate clerks in the different Execu- i
tire Departmen U, that they were afraid, when they
j undertook,in obedience to the popular will, to re-
peal the bill giving a salary, and reconstruct the
system of per diem allowance, to do anything
which could have the appearance eveji of award-
ing to themselves a respectable compensation; and
whatever was done in that direction, was done by
an arrangement respecting mileage which should
have the effect, though not so expressed or de-
clared, of eking out the deficiency of the per diem
compensation. This is evident, because, under
the provisions of the law, the allowance for travel
was six dollars, and under the then newly-passed
law, which now regulates us, it became eight dol-
lars for every twenty miles of travel. While all '
the facilities of traveling had increased in the in-
terval which elapsed between the passage of the
original law, and the passage of the one conse-
quent upon the public outburst of which I have
spoken—while all the means of transport to the
seat of Government had become more quick in
time, and less expensive in proportion to the dis-
tance, Congress added two dollars for every twenty
miles to the compensation formerly allowed. It
was, therefore, obviously intended as a species of
compromise with the existing public opinion of the
day, whereby they might add somewhat to wha#
everybody knew to be a mean and insignificant
compensation, and show at the same time a ready
acquiescence in the popular will which had de-
clared that $1,500 a year was extravagant pay
for any services they could render.
But although 1 entertain this opinion clearly;
although I am willing to take any just responsi-
bility in proposing or voting for a measure which
should be reasonable and fair, just anil liberal at
once to the member and the public, I am opposed
to touching this subject by any bill. Sir, we can-
not pass a bill on the subject which will not be
complicated with provisions injurious to us; or if
passed without such provisions, leave us liable to
another exhibition of that public indignation and
reprobation which was hurled upon our prede-
cessors after the passage of the law of 1816. I
want to see neither of them. I do not want to see
a bill passed here which shall fllcome acceptable
to the public, because it contains an—undesigned,
I know, on the part of my friend from Kentucky,
but not the less real—indorsement of slanders
which, through the publicp*es« and elsewhere, are
Constantly poured out on the qiembera of the two
Houses of Congress..
Now, what is the provision contained in the
third section of this bill ? In the first place, that
the amounts to be paid to the members of the two
Houses are to be passed under the examination of
an Executive officer, of a person holding his posi-
tion by the appointment of the President, and
responsible to no authority in the country but the
President. The principle is destructive of every-
thing like security to the legislative department of
the Government. The members of the two Houses
are the only officers known to the Constitution of
the United States, the appointment of whom the
people of the United States have reserved to them-
selves—directly in the case of the members of
the House of Representatives, and through their
State Legislatures in the case of the members of
this body. To us they refer the protection of
their interests. To us they look up, not merely
to pass general laws for their welfare, but to guard
their rights against Executive encroachments; and
what do we say by a provision of that kind ?
That these very persons, chosen to represent the
people and States of the Union, are to have their
compensation brought under the consideration of
an Executive officer of the Government.
A state of things somewhat similar to that oc-
curred here not lone ago, and I ask you what
were the feelings of this body when an Executive
officer, when a Comptroller in the Treasury De-
partment of this Government, dared to say that
he would not pass the accounts of our disbursing
officer for the payment of the compensation doe
to members ofthis body, because he had undertaken
to revise the adjudication of the Presiding Officer
of this body as to what the amount of compensa-
tion ought to be? How did we meet that move-
men on his part ? Did we not meet it at the very
next session upon the first appropriation bill by
potting a clause in it, not making the law to be
•o, but declaring that, according to the true inter-
pretation of the law upon the subject, the certifi-
cates ofthe Presiding Officers of the two Houses
were conclusive upon all the Executive officers of
the Government? And yet that very objectionable
' proceeding—objectionable in that case because
without warrant of law, objectionable in all cases
because inconsistent with the dignity and inde-
pendence of the members of the two Houses—is
proposed by this bill to be now, with our sanc-
tion, incorporated into a law regulating our com-
pensation.
Then, again, we are to be marked down as pres-
ent or absent in the discharge of our duty. We
are no longer to exercise any discretion in deter-
mining for ourselves when the public interest re-
quires that we should be here, and, as we absent
- ourselves, of standing responsible only to our own
consciences, and our own constituents. No, sir,
we are to be marked absent without leave; and
how are we to overcome the penal consequences ?
How, sir? We'are not to approach this body.
No, but at the end of the session we are to go
humbly to the Executive officer of the Treasury
Department, and say to him, " Sir, I hate been
absent twenty days from the service of the Senate
during this last session. The penalty of the law
is, that my whole pay and compensation shall be
forfeited, but I humbly apply to you, and beg that,
in tender consideration of the matter and the ex-
cuse which 1 here present, you will be good enough
to allow me to receive my compensation; and, sir,
as I know that the word of a member of Congress
cannot be justly considered as entitled to any sort
of credit, as my certificate as a gentleman and a
man of honor cannot be weighed against the sup-
posed irresistible disposition of members of Con-
gress to seize money to which they are not enti-
tled, I hereby tender you my oath upon the Holy-
Evangelists that in truth and sincerity I have set
forth the true cause of my absence." And now,
what are the consequences? Why, if this Execu-
tive satrap had full discretion upon the subject, a
man might expect to move his bowels of compas-
sion with some reasonable appeal. But we are
allowed none. I would ask the Secretary to do
me the favor to read what the act says as to the
excuses, and the only excuses.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
" Unless such absence was occasioned by his sickness,
of the sickness of bis wife or child."
Mr. BADGER. There it ts. "The sickneea
of his wife or child." In the first place,I resent die
injury which is sought tobedonebythis provision,
j to certain very worthy and excellent gentlemen in
this body, who have neither wife nor child.
[Laughter.] Sir, it is unequal. I have a large
family of children, and I might stand a pretty
good chance to get excused for frequent absences
*n account of the sckness of some one or other
of them; but what is to become of our friend from
Illinois, [Mr. Shields ?] He has always, been
a self-relying man, I know, but, though a self-
relying man in all the emergencies of life, why
should we throw .him bade upon such an unfor-
tunate position as that in which he would be placed
by the adoption of this provision? I know he
deserves it for being a single man and not having
a single being in the world by whose indisposition
he can profit, except hiB own. [Laughter,} Mi>.
President, my colleague has throws out the sug-
gestion that my remark, though expressly allud-
ing to my friend from Illinois, waa meant partly
to have some reference to yourself. I beg to have
it understood that I know too well what is re-
quired from a member of the Senate of the United
States, toward the Presiding Officer of-this bady,
to express or even to insinuate any such reference.
No, sir, my colleague is mistaken. [Laughter.]
There are two or three other causes which I
think might furnish a reasonable ground of excuse
for absence from this' body* Some gentlemen
here are not so old but they may have a father or
am other living. Would not tneir sickness fur-
nish a'sufficient reason for absence, especially
upon private bill 'day, when they should leave
enough behind to pass the requisite bilk for pre-
venting a plethora in the Treasury ?
Mr. President, I took-upon this whole provision,
springing, as I know it does, from the best motives
on the part of my friend from Kentucky, as"calcu-
lated to lend an unjust sanction to the imputations
daily cast upon the members of this body. Sir,
hard things aresaid ofthe AmericanCongress;hard '
things are said of members of this body. We are
daily reproached, we are daily insulted by imputar
tions, to which, if) my judgment, nothing is better
