132
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 22,
go far enough, I am willing to modify the bill to
suit them iD that respect. But I apprehend that
the remark of my friend was made rather to de-
gradt my bill than to present a serious objection.
I was serious in providing for an excuse on ac-
count of sickness; and if the provision is not ample
enough to embrace all reasonable cases, I am
willing that it should be changed. The case of
sickness of a father or mother did not occur to me;
and if my bill is not broad enough, I am willing to
make it more ample. But the proposition now is
to get clear of the section altogether, to have no
check, no restraint,and then you present the case
to the consideration of the people in this aspect.
You make for yourselves a salary of $2,000, be-
sides the same mileage to which you were enti-
tled before, although you now have the facilities
of travel hy railroads and steamboats, none of
which existed in 1616. You make this salary,
and retain the mileage with all these facilities for
comfortable and speedy travel; and then you
strike out the provision intended to prevent mem-
bers running all over the country from city to city,
wherever you please, pursuing your own busi-
ness or pleasure, to the neglect of official duties.
You affect to consider such a provision degrading
to your dignity, and assume to be too conscien-
tious and too elevated to need such a restriction.
In reply, I inquire why do not the yeas and nays
show your attendance? and why do they show
that you are so often without a quorum ? If you
were as conscientious as the argument assumes you
are, how happens it that we are so often com-
pelled to adjourn in consequence of absence with-
out excuse or justification r
Mr. President, in framing this whole bill, I have
been guided by the laws of my own State, and the
principles of human nature. I have regarded these
laws of my own State as applicable to those prin-
ciples of our nature which we should, now oper-
ate upon, and which are to be found in this Cham-
ber, among Senators, as well as among the rank and
file of the Republic. I think we are not degraded
in being required to take the oath which the third
section of the bill requires us to take, nor by
stating how often we have absented ourselves from
duty. Sir, the reference which my friend has
thought proper to make to single men, is mere
play, ana I would merely remark upon that sub-
ject, if gentlemen come here who hove no families,
no wife nor child requiring their attention, then 1
they have not those incumbrances which may
sometimes prevent others of us from devoting our-
selves to the public service; and being in that atti-
tude, without incumbrances, they have no excuse
for their absence. If, therefore, they can be kept
at home—and this I call their home—attending to
the public business by such a provision as I have
made, then these young gentlemen will be kept out
of mischief abroad.
The PRESIDENT. I would suggest that the
Senator from Kentucky is not exactly in order.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I beg the Chair not to
understand that I meant to make any personal al-
lusion to him. [Laughter.] That is all play, as
well as the remarks of my friend from North Car-
olina. The question is, whether you shall make
the salary of a member $2,000, and have no check
whatever in case of absence and neglect of duty.
What is the law now ? The law now is, that you
are to have only your per diem for attendance
here. How do you make out your account now
You make it oat upon honor. You do not swear
to it. The law does not allow you any compen-
sation now, unless you have attended to your duty
here. When I first came to Congress, the prac-
tice was, whenever a member- wished to absent
himself, for him to make a motion asking leave.
And your rules now show that to be required.
But we have abandoned the rule and the law, and
go away when and where we please, and come
when we please, and yet our compensation runs i
on. If the law were administered as it exists !
now, we should find the very same thing which
is required by my bill, except that now no oath is
required. If members arenot degraded by the pres-
ent law, they cannot be by the provisions of the
third section of this bill. I think the sensitiveness
of members abopt taking an oath in verifying their
account, results from pride of station, which I for I
one desire to see a_ little humbled. I therefore I
prefer to see the section remain in the bill. |
Mr. BAYARD. The question now before the j
Senate, as I understand, is on the motion of the !
1 Senator from North Carolina, to postpone indefi-
nitely this subject. I do not mean now to indulge
in any remarks upon the merits of the bill; I qo
not mean to give my opinion as to whether such
a bill ought to pass; my motion was to amend the
bill by striking out the third section; and as my
reasons for that motion can be stated very briefly,
and as they differ somewhat from those of the
honorable Senator from North Carolina, and have
not been adverted to by the honorable Senator
from Kentucky, I will state them.
I had supposed that in this country, or in any
republican country, the relation between repre-
sentative and constituent was one of confidence
and good faith. I suppose that the constituents
will know whether a representative performs his
duty or not, and I think the attempt to measure
the services of a man in this body by the fact that
he is, oris not sitting in his seat every day, when,
in point of fact he may take no part in business,
is a false measure of the value of those services.
My objection, therefore, is to the attempt to meas-
ure the service by the mere attendance, when the
services of one man who may be absent, who may
be absent perhaps on private business, will, in the
eyes of his constituents, be far greater than that
of another who may be a regular attendant, and
yet take no part in the business of the body. I
believe the measure of value to be wrong, and
therefore I think that the section ought to be
stricken out.
I believe that the supervision of a man's con-
stituents is the best supervision he can have as to
his course in this body. They will judge whether
he attends to his duty or not—whether he rightly
represents them or not. It is for them to deter-
mine as to the performance of those services, and
not for us to resort to this school-boy system of
fines, if a man is not in his seat every day during
the session. It is on that account that I am op-
posed to the third section of the bill. I might give
other reasons, but, in my judgment, this is suffi-
cient. If it be retained, I shall vote against the
bill. If it be stricken out, and if sotneotheramend-
ments, which I think the bill requires, be made, I
may probably vote for it; for I do think that the
present compensation allowed to members of either
House of Congress ia entirely inadequate to the
services performed. Indeed, it is not the com- !
mencement of compensation for those services. It i
does not even cover their expenditures. I
That the bill requires amendment in other re-
spects, I am satisfied. My present motion, how-
ever, is to strike out the third section. Whether
1 or not the motion of the honorable Senator from
« North Carolina, to postpone the bill indefinitely,
is in order while my amendment is pending, it is
for the Chair to decide. If it should be in order,
the question will come up on the indefinite post-
ponement; but if the amendment ought first to be
disposed of, I hope it will be adopted.
Mr. ADAMS. Mr. President, it is always
with reluctance that I differ with my friend from
North Carolina, who addressed the Chair upon
this subject. In some points in which he viewed
this question, I, however, do differ with him. My
opinion is, that this bill has merit in it, though I
differ with my honorable friend from Kentucky,
who offered it, in regard to some of its provisions.
My friend from North Carolina seems to be sen- '
sitive in regard to slanders which have been cir-
culated in reference to the conduct of this body.
I would beg leave to remind him that penal statutes
are not intended for the virtuous and the good, but
only for the vicious; and I do not believe that this :
body would be degrading itself, by saying to the
country that it is not afraid to stand up to the '
highest standard that any gentleman may think j
proper to present as its rule of conduct. I
The Senator from North Carolina, however, ob-
jects seriously to Senators going before an Exec-
' utive officer, for the purpose of making excuses
on account of absence, and particularly to the
oath which is prescribed in this bill. I object to
that provision, and if we continue the considera-
tion of the bill, I shall, if no one else does, move
to strike out the clause which requires the certifi-
cate to be verified by the oath of the party. I ap-
prove of the certificate, and of the penalty to the
fullest extent; but I would not require a Senator
or a Representative to make an oath. I think
some of the objections of my friend from North
Carolina properly apply to that requisition. The
certificate or statement of a member of either
House, I take it for granted, would be true. If
11 it were not so, my observation has convinced me*
that he who would deliberately certify to that which
was untrue, would verify it by his oath. That
provision, it seems to me, therefore, would do no
good, and it would be, perhaps—although I know
such was not the intention of the honorable mover
—a reflection upon the integrity of the members of
this body.
But, sir, there is one provision of this bill which
I desire particularly should be passed; for nothing
perhaps has created more dissatisfaction in the
country than the question of mileage. This bill
proposes to pay mileage according to the nearest
route from the residence of a member to the capi-
tal, or on a stright line. I prefer that it should be
the nearest mail route; but I would vote for any-
thing that is reasonable, in order to avoid the objec-
tions to the present system. I have no objection
to the distance being ascertained by an air line. I
am willing to do almost anything to avoid the
present mode of ascertaining mileage. If all the
other features of the bill shall be stricken out, I
hope that will be retained and become a law.
Objection is made to that provision of the bill
making the representative office a salaried one. I
shall propose, at the proper time, to strike out that
provision, and to insert in lieu of it:
There shall be paid to each Senator, Representative, and
Delegate in Congress, the sum of tell dollars per day for the
first three months of each session; eight dollars a day for
the fourth month; six dollars a day for the fifth month; four
dollars a day for the sixth month ; two dollars a day for the
seventh month; and no compensation shall be allowed for a
longer service than seven months.
I shall, at the proper time, make that proposi-
tion, with a view of ascertaining the sense of the
body. I take i^for granted that members always
do tlieir duty, and that they labor as hard and as
much as the circumstances will justify. But my
humble judgment is, that by a proper application
to business, and by Congress confining itself to
subjects which are intended for legislative action,
and not concerning itself with abstractions, in
which much of the time has been consumed here-
tofore, the time contemplated by this provision
will be amply sufficient for the transaction of pub-
' lie business; and I do not conceive that by such a
provision, we would be degrading the body of
> which we have the honor to be members, but we
j would be making reasonable compensation, and
: obviating the public clamor of which my friend
from North Carolina has complained.
I differ from my friend from Delaware, who
moves to strike out the third section of this bill.
He says that the supervision of the constituency
is the best regulator of the conduct of members.
Perhaps that is true as a general proposition; but
the plan of my friend from Kentucky is, that mem-
bers shall be paid a certain sum for their services,
and that if they have other business more import-
ant to them than their attendance here, their per
diem shall not be paid. Is there anything unrea-
sonable in that? Is there anything degrading in it?
Is it not right and honest before the country that
it should be so ? If a gentleman has private busi-
ness of any character which is more important to
him than his attendance upon this body, let him
deduct his per diem for that time from his compen-
sation. What can there be degrading or improper
I in that ? I acknowledge I am totally unable to see
; either impropriety or degradation in not allowing
: to yourself compensation for services that you
have never rendered. Is there anything degrading
in being honest, and doing what is right? If
there is, it is a rule of degradation which I have
never studied. If the services for which the per
diem compensation is given by law have never
been rendered, what is wrong in not paying for
them ? I acknowledge that I am unable to see it.
It strikes me as being right and proper that such
a provision should be made; and therefore I shall
feel constrained to vote against the proposition^of
the Senator from Delaware, to strike out the third
section of the bill.
Mr. BAYARD. Is the question upon the in-
definite postponement of the bill ?
The PRESIDENT. It is.
Mr. HALE. I hope that motion will not prer
vail. It seems to me that, according to the spirit
of the rule, the question ought first to be taken
upon the amendment. The parliamentary law and
rule of the Senate is, that the friends of a measure
have a right to amend a section before the ques-
tion is taken upon a motion to strike it out. The
