1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
183
spirit of that rule, if not its words, would seem to
require as to take the vote first upon the amend-
ment. I hope the Senate will vote down (he mo-
tion to postpone indefinitely, so as to give the
friends of the bill an opportunity to amend it.
Mr. BORLAND. Is the question upon the in-
definite postponement of the bill?
The PRESIDENT. It is.
Mr. HALE. It is su<&ested to me, that on a
motion to postpone indefinitely, a bill is open to
amendment.
The PRESIDENT. The 11th rule will be read.
The Secret-art accordingly read it, as follows:
" Whrn   quorum is under debate, no motion shall be re
celved bill to adjourn, to lie ou the table, to postpone in-
to postpone to a day certain, to commit, or to
amend; which several motions shall hare precedence in the
onlcr they  tand arranged, and the motion for adjournment
shall always be in order, and be decided without debate."
The question being taken, by yeas and nays,
on the motion to postpone indefinitely the further
consideration of the bill, resulted—yeas '31, nays
19; as follows:
TEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger. Borland, Clrarlton,
Clarke, Clemens, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa,
Geyer.Gwin, Hunter, Jones of Tennessee, Manguin, Mil-
lerj Knak, Shields, Soul*. Spruance, Stockton, I'pham, and
Welter—-I.
NA YS—Messrs. Adams, Bayard, Brooke, Butler, Chase,
De Saossure, Dixon, Fish, Hale, Hamlin, Mason, Norris,
Pratt, Seward, Sumner, Toucey, L'nderwood, Wade, and
Walker—19.
So the motion was agreed to.
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
, Miller, Henry D. Moore, John Moore, Morehead, Morri-
son, Murray, Newton, Outlaw, Andrew Parker, Penn,
Pennimaa, Porter, Read, Riddle, Robbing, Robie, Scher-
merhorti, Schoolcraft, Scudder, David L. Seyujoui Origen
S. Seymour, Skelton, Smart, Snow, Stanly, Abraham P.
Stephens, St. Martin, Taylor, Thurston, Walsh, Ward,
Washburn, Watkins, Welch, Wells, Addison White, and
Williams—-85.
NAYS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Willis Allen, Averett,
Bcale, Hell, Breckinridge, Brenton, Albert G. Brown, Bus-
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Wuxksdat, December 22, 1852.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Rev. C. M. Butler.
THE PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE THE TARIFF.
The SPEAKER. The question before the
House is upon the adoption of the eighth resolu-
tion, reported from the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, upon which the yeas
and nays have been ordered. The resolution will
be read.
The resolution was then read, as follows:
" That so much of said message as relates to commerce
aad the improvement of harbors and rivers, be referred to
the Committee on Commerce."
Mr. ROBINSON. Would it be in order to call
for the reading of the original resolution, in order
to a proper explanation of the question before the ,
House ? The resolution of the chairman of the
committee proposed to divide these subjects by
referring the subject of rivers to the Committee on
Roads and Canals, and the subject of harbors to
the Committee on Commerce. The committee
amended the resolution by referring the whole to
the Committee on Commerce; so the'question be-
fore the House is tantamount to instructions to
the Committee on Commerce to bring in a river
and harbor bill, and thus to overslaugh the Com-
mittee on Roads and Canals, to which the subject
of river improvements should go. I ask for the
reading of tne 98th rule.
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. I object. The rules
bearing upon the question were read yesterday
evening.
Mr. ROBINSON. I merely desired to bring
the matter to the attention of the House. I sup-
pose, however, the House understands it. I ask
for the yeas and nays on the adoption of the res-
olution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.,
Mr. CLEVELAND. 1 rise for the purpose of
obtaining information. If I understand the res-
olution, as reported from the Committee of the
Whole on the suite of the Union, it takes the busi-
ness which properly belongs to one committee and
transfers it to another, thereby enabling that other
committee to blend the interests of all the rivers
and harbors in one bill. I am opposed to it.
[Cries of « Order!" " Order !w]
The question was then taken, and there were—
yeas 85, nays 68; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Charles Allen, Allison, John Appleton,
William Appleton, Ashe, Babcock, Bowne, John H.
Boyd, Briggs, Buell, Barrows, E. Csmngton Cabell, Cald-
well, Chandler, Churchwell, Curtis, Darby, George T.
Davis, Doty, Duncan, Florence, Henry M. Fuller, Thomas
J. D. Falter, Gamble, Giddingx, Goodenow, Grey, Grow,
Hawi, Hascall, Haven, Hebard, llenn, John W. Howe,
Thomas M. Howe, Hunter, Ives, Jackson, Jenkins, Rob-
ert W. Johnson, Daniel T. Jones, George G. King, Pres-
ton King, Landry, Martin, McDonald, McNair, Meacham,
Harris, Sampson W. Harris, Hendricks, llibhard, Hillyer,
Houston, Ingersoll, Andrew Johnson, James Johnson, John
Johuson, George W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones,. Kurtz,
Letcher, Iiockhart, Mace, Mason, Meade, Millson,Molony,
Murphy, Nabtrs, Olds, Peaslec, l^ielps, Polk, Richardson,
Robinson, Smith, Benjamin Stanton, Richard H. Stanton,
Stone, Townsliend, Venable, Wilcox, Wildrick, and
Woodward—68.
So tiie resolution was agreed to.
Mr. GORMAN. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Printing to offer the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That two hundred extra copies of Uie Presi-
dent's message and accompanying documents be printed for
the use of the head of each Executive Department of the
Government.
Mr. HOUSTON. I will ask the gentleman
from Indiana if that is the number which he has
learned is necessary for the various bureaus where
this document may be profitably circulated ?
Mr. GORMAN. The number is less than was
desired, but the committee have agreed upon that
quantity. There are seven heads of Departments
who wul need them, and there are some eight or
ten bureaus to be supplied. They are now only
supplied with from three to five copies, two of
which are bound up and placed in the Library,
and there are none for the heads of their respective
bureaus. Under a late law upon that subject, it
becomes necessary to pass this resolution, and
supply them.
Mr. HALL. I offer the following amendment
to the resolution:
And that one thousand copies of the report of the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office be printed for the use
of that officer.
I only wish to say, that the Commissioner of
the General Land Office informs me that that is the
usual number printed for the use of his office. It
is important to the office that that number should
be printed, and therefore I hope that the amend-
] ment will be adopted.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. There is no ne-
; cessity for this number.
Mr. HALL demanded tellers upon his amend-
ment; which were ordered; and Messrs. Hall
and McNair were appointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 77, noes 66.
Mr. LETCHER demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. JONES. This House have ordered fifteen
thousand copies of the President's message and
the accompanying documents. That message con-
tains this report; and a thousand copies of it are
now proposed to be printed for the use of the Com-
missioner. The Senate have ordered, if I mistake
not, the printing of some ten thousand copies of
the same document. Here are twenty-five thou-
sand copies already ordered to be printed. It is
usually the case that a great many copies of this
document are scattered throughout this city and
sold for wrapping paper to the grocers. There ;
are more copies of this document printed annually,
and now ordered at this session, than will be suf- i
ficient to supply the demands of the country. J
Why it is necessary to print two hundred extra '
copies for the use of eacn of the heads of Depart- '
ments, I cannot conceive, having heretofore been
supplied, and will bp supplied at this session, as j
heretofore. I have never heard any complaints of !
the want of this document in the Departments,
and I presume that gentlemen here representing !
districts of country in which land offices are lo- '
cated, will send to each one of these officers—to
the register and receiver, one or other of these
officers—a copy of the message and accompanying
documents. I presume Senators from States in
which these land offices are located, will also send,
in almost every instance, a copy of this document
to each one of the land offices within their State.
Then they not only have the report of the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office, but they
have all the documents accompanying the Presi-
dent's message.
Mr. SACKETT. I ask the gentleman whether
the House or the Senate have ordered the printing
of any extra number of this document to be issued
separately ?
Mr. JONES. I do not know; but twenty-five'
thousand extra copies of the President's message
and accompanying documents have been orderra.
I cannot see why it is necessary,at this time,that
we should commence a new item of expenditure
in the way of printing this document.
Mr. HOUSTON. If I understood the reading
of the amendment, it proposes the printing of ex-
tra copies of the Commissioner's report.
Mr. HALL. It proposes to furnish the uBual
number of copies to the Commissioner of the
Land Office.
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask the Chair whether, un-
der the law, a proposition to print that extra num-
, ber is not required to go to the Committee on
Printing? I understand that a law exists requir-
ing any such proposition to go, without a motion
even, to that committee.
Mr. JONES, ofTennessee. I am just informed
by one of the officers of the Senate, that that body
has adopted a resolution authorizing the Commis-
sioner to have a thousand copies printed.
Mr. HALL. If that be correct, I do not wish
to have the extra number. I was spoken to by
the Commissioner, who informed me that no such
order was made. If the gentleman's information
is correct, I will not press my amendment, but
withdraw it.
Mr. JONES. I would ask the chairman of
the Committee on Printing, if this resolution is
now adopted, ordering two hundred extra copies
in addition to the present number of the Presi-
dent's message and accompanying documents, if
there will be a separate and another charge for the
composition of this document?
Mr. GORMAN. There will not. This is sim-
ply a document which is already set up, and
which they are running off daily. The cost will
only be that of the paper and press-work, for that
additional number. These copies are really ne-
cessary, as the Departments have informed me. I
i received a letter from the Secretary of the Interior,
: requesting that some copies—he aid not designate
how many or how few—should be printed for the
use of that Department. The committee thought
that the amount named in the resolution was a
reasonable one. Some of the heads of Departments
desired more copies. It is really necessary that
they should have some of these copies to distrib-
ute to the various land offices—to those who are
connected with the Census Bureau, and to those
who are connected with the surbordinate Bureaus
n that Department—in the State Department and
the various other bureaus of the Government.
They now get none at all; and in some instances,
some bureaus have come and begged for them be-
fore they could get them. It is really necessary
that this resolution should be passed.
Mr. STANLY demanded tellers; which were
ordered; and Messrs. Fuller, of Pennsylvania,
and Gaylord were appointed.
The question was then taken, and there were—
ayes 66, noes 53.
Mr. HIBBARD demanded the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
Mr. EVANS. I am informed by one of the
Secretaries, that the Departments are now un-
supplied with these documents; that they have
great necessity for them. Our ministers abroad
cannot properly understand the duties of their
office, unless they are supplied by the home Gov-
ernment with these documents. In my judgment,
the heads of these Departments will make a much
better distribution of them, than is likely to be
done by members of Congress who receive sixty
copies or more. I would rather take off sortie from
my own number and give them to the heads of
Departments,thanthattney should notbe supplied.
I have every confidence that those who are at the
head of the Government, and those who will be in
the incoming Administration, will make good use
of them, I think that there can be no extrava-
gance in this thing; and there is no improper use
which these officers can make of them. The
printing will come to but a small sum, as the type
is all set up. There are a great many officers of
the Government, and there are other persons to
whom the Secretaries can properly furnish copies
of these documents, and who will make an excel-
lent use of them. I think it cannot be doubted
