134
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec; 22,
that the Executive Departments need copies of
them for their use. ^ow, very often they have
to beg copies of members of Congress, or lobby
about the Capitol for them. I hope, if we will not
furnish the number.asked for in the resolution,
that we will supply a smaller number. It should,
be a continuing and permanent resolution.
Mr. STANLY. If it is necessary to send a
copy of these documents to each receiver and land
officer in the West, I submit to the gentleman who
otfered the resolution to so amend it as to direct
the Secretaries to send to each one of these officers
a copy. If they be allowed, each of them, two
hunured copies, I think the number too large;
because they may send them to their friends and
not to the public officers. Therefore, I do not
think it answers the purpose for which the reso-
lution was intended. I hope the gentleman will
so amend it as to give to each of the heads of the
Departments the same number which is furnished
to each member of Congress. If that amendment
is made, I will vote for the resolution.
Mr. EVANS. The resolution, I think, gives
to each of the heads of the Departments two Hun-
dred copies. I will make the motion to reduce
the number to one hundred each. The gentleman
from North Carolina [Mr. Stanly] says the heads
of the Departments will send them to their con-
stituents. I do not believe the heads of the De-
partments now in office, or those who will be in
power during the next Administration, intend
them for any such purpose. I believe they will
use them for public purposes. I do not think the
number (two hundred) is too large; but in order to
obviate objection, I will move to reduce it to one
hundred.
Mr. POLK. I desire to inquire of the chair-
man of the Committee on Printing if it is usual to
publish these documents for the use of the heads
of the Departments ?
Mr. GORMAN. It has Men usual, but by a
law passed the last session of Congress, they are
deprived of them.
Mr. POLK. I hope the gentleman from Mary-
land, [Mr. Evans,] then, will withdraw his amend-
ment. The House have ordered fifteen thousand
copies of the President's messageand accompany-
ing documents for their own use—and it is a valu-
able document for circulation—and should not
refuse a few to the heads of Departments. The
cost of printing will be but a trifle, say some $200
or $300. That will be the entire cost to the Gov-
ernment for circulating a document of this valu-
able character. The House will consume more
time in discussing this matter than the whole cost
of printing it will amount to. I hope thegentleman
from Maryland will withdraw his amendment and
let the vote be taken on the original resolution.
Mr. EVANS. I will withdraw the amend-
ment.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I move the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. PHELPS. Is it in order to have the sec-
tion of the law to which the gentleman from In-
diana [Mr. Gorman] has referred, read ?
The SPEAKER. It is by unanimous consent.
Mr. SACKETT. I object.
Several Members. Read it yourself.
Mr. PHELPS. I hope the House will indulge
me in having that law read. It says:
" And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful
for tbe offieer or peiwn in charge of any bureau or office in
any of the Departments of the Government, to print, or cause
to be printed, at the public expense, any report he may make
to the President of OM United States, or the bead of any of
the Departments."
That is the law to which the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Gorman] has referred, which he
■ays prohibits the Department from having these
documents printed.
The question was then taken; and the result
was—yeas 96, Bays 72; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Willis Allen, Allison,
John Appleton, Babcock, Bell, Bowie, Bowne, John H.
Boyd, Brickiuridge, Brenton, Briggs, Burrows. Busby,
E. Carririgton Cabell, Caldwell, Lewis D. Coinpbell,
Thompson Campbell, Chandler, Chapman, Chastain,
Churchwell, Clark, Clingman, Conger, Cullom, Darby,
Dimmick, Disney, Dockery, Doty, Eastman, Evans, Flor-
ence, Henry M. Fuller, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Gamble,
Gaylord, Goodenow, Gorman, Green, Grey, Grow, Hall,
Harper, Sampson W. Harris, Haws, Hascall, Haven, Hen'
dricks, Henn, Hillyer, Horsford, Thomas M. Howe, Jack-
son, John Johnson, George G. King, Landry, Maaon,
McDonald, McNair, Meacbam, Miller, Molony, Henry D.
Moore, John Moore, Morehead, Morrison, Newton, An- |
drew Pinker, Samuel VV. Parker, Peim, Perkins, Polk,
Porter, Proton, Robinson, Sttekett, Seliernierliorii, School-
craft, Seuiider, Ongen S. Seymour, Smart, Frederick P.
Staiilon, Richard II. Stiuitoii, Strotlier, Taj lor, Thimton,
Walhtidge, Walsh, Ward, Washburn, Waikius, Alexander
White, \\ ili ox, and Williams—9ti.
NAYS—Messrs. Charles Alien, Averett, Beale, Bennett,
Bocock, Bragg, Buell, Joseph Cable, Outer, Clemens,
Cleveland, Cobb, John G. Davis, Dawson, Duncan, Ed-
lnundson, Faulkner, Ficklm, Floyd, Freeman, Gidduigs,
Giluiore, I sham G. Harris, Hart, Hebard, Hibbard, Holla-
day, Houston, Howard, John W. Howe, Ingersoll, Ives,
Jeukins, Andrew Johnson, James Johnson,DamelT. Jones,
George W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Preston King. Kurtz,
Letcher, Lockhart. Mace, McMulhn, Millson, Murphy,
Murray, Nabers, Olds, Orr, Penimiiaii, Phelps, Reed,
uauia p api3 piifoiill fiavnoa spiral
So the resolution was adopted.
MARGARET L. WORTH.
Mr. POLK. I now desire to make a report
from the Committee of Conference appointed to
consider the case of Mrs. Margaret L. Worth.
The report of the Committee of Conference was
then read, as follows:
The Committee of Conference upon the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses, upon the bill tor the relief of Mrs. Mar-
garet. Worth, met, and after full and free consultation,
agree, and recommend that the House of Representatives
recede trom its amendment to the Senate bill, and that said
bill be passed in the form in which it caine from the Senate.
SOLON BORLAND,
JAMES SHIELDS,
JOHN DAVIS,
On the part of the Senate.
WILLIAM H. POLK,
ROBERT GOODENOW,
On the part of the House*
I dissent from the above report.
I. G. HARRIS.
December 21, 1852.
Mr. POLK. I move the adoption ofthe report,
and upon that I call the previous question.
Mr. ORR. I desire to say a word upon the
subject of this report.
Mr. POLK. I called the previous question
upon the adoption of the report. I will state to the
gentleman from South Carolina, however, that my
only object in making that motion was to prevent
a consumption of the time of the House. There
is no need for the House, at this time, to go into
an investigation of the case. The Committee of
Conference have properly considered it, quid it is
useless to consume the time of the House with it.
Mr. ORR. It may be setting a very important
precedent. I ask to have the original bill read.
Mr. POLK. It is setting no precedent. The
same has been done in Congress in many similar
instances.
The SPEAKER. The previous question hav-
ing been demanded, the Chair must remind the
gentleman from Tennessee that discussion is not
in order.
Mr. HUNTER. I ask that the amendment
may be read.
Mr. ORR. I ask that both the original bill and
amendment may be reported.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is informed that
the bill is not in the House.
Mr. HUNTER. I should like to know how
we are going to vote on the bill if it is not in the
House ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is correct. It
will be impossible to pass the bill when it is not in
the possession of the House.
Mr. BRIGGS. I am well acquainted with all
the circumstances connected with this case; and if
the House will allow me, I will make a brief state-
ment of the facts.
Mr. POLK. I think the bill must be in the
House. According to my recollection, it was sen t
down here from the Senate for the action of the
House.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I desire to in-
quire of the gentleman from Tennessee if this bill
originated in the House or in the Senate ?
Mr. POLK. In the Senate.
Mr. STEPHENS. Then I will suggest that
the proper course for us-to pursue will be to wait
till the Senate has considered the report of the
conferees and sent the bill down to the House.
Mr. POLK. I will, then, with the consent of
the House, withdraw the report and wait the ac-
tion of the Senate.
Mr. HENN. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to take up from the Speaker's table
Senate bill No. 429, for the relief of Benjamin S.
Roberta, for the purpose of having it referred.
Mr. STANLY. I object, and call for the regu-
lar order of business.
The SPEAKER. Petitions are in order from
the State of Maine.
Mr. STROTHER. Is it in order to move that
the rules of the House be suspended and that the
House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union ?
The SPEAKER. That motion is in order.
Mr. STROTHER. Then I submit the motion.
The question was put, and the motion was dis-
agreed to—ayes 31, noes not counted.
Mr. HENN. Is it in order to move to go to
the consideration of the business on the Speaker's
table ?
The SPEAKER. Not until the morning hour
has expired.
RECEPTION OF PETITIONS.
Mr. STANLY. I now insist upon the regular
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the call of the States for petitions.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. When this is dis-
posed of, is not the next order of business the call
of committees for reports ?
The SPEAKER. The impression of the Chair
is, without referring to the rules, that the next
business is to call the States for resolutions.
Mr. JONES. My impressfon is, that after the
first ten days of the session, it is only in order to
call the States for resolutions on Monday. •
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is correct.
The next business in order, when the States shall
have been called for petitions, will be the call of
committees for reports.
Mr. JONES. Then I move to dispense with
the call for petitions, and proceed to call the com-
mittees for reports.
The SPEAKER. That motion can only be
made by unanimous consent.
Mr. FLORENCE. I object.
[Cries of " Oh, no !"1
Mr. FLORENCE. 1 will state that I object
for the simple reason that I have some petitions
which I desire to present.
Mr. JONES. I move^then, that if any gentle-
men have petitions to present, they rise and pre-
sent them, without going through the regular call.
TheSPEAKER. That course will be pursued,
I unless objected to.
I Mr. CLINGMAN. I object. If gentlemen
! insist upon keeping ap this rule, 1 want them to
have the full benefit of it.
The SPEAKER then proceeded to call the
States for petitions.
Mr. CLEVELAND. I have here two petitions,
one of them asking for action with regard to sig-
nals upon the coast of Florida. It is very short,
and I ask to have it read.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I ask if it is in order to
have that petition read ?
The SPEAKER. Not unless by unanimous
consent. It is the duty of a member, under the
rule, on presenting a petition, t6 make a brief
verbal statement of its contents.
Mr. CLEVELAND. It is not in my power to
state the-substance of the petition in fewer words
than by reading the paper itself. It refere to a
matter in which another section of the country is
: concerned more than that from which I come.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Do I understand the Chair
, to decide that the gentleman has the right to dis-
cuss the petition ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair stated that the
gentleman has the right to state briefly its con-
tents.
I Mr. CLEVELAND. I am aware of the rule,
and I will adhere to it literally. The petitioners
say:
To the Honorable the Senate and Home of Representatives
of the Congress of the United States, to convene cm the
first Monday of December, 1852:
The petition of the undersigned underwriters, merchants,
and others, of the city of New London, interested in ship-
ping and navigation, respectfully showeth, that within the
iast twelve months a series of signals (fifteen in number)
have been erected by one of the tnangulation parties of the
United States Coast Survey, along the line of the Florida
reefs, indicating dangerous points, at distances varying from
five to seven miles from the Bhore, being the same designa-
ted in a communication to the Treasury Department, trom
A. D. Bache, Superintendent of the Coast Survey, dated
March Ilth, 1832; that these signals have already proved of
essential service to navigation in the adjacent waters, but
that the means at the disposal of those charged with the
Coast Survey, were sufficient only for the erection of sig-
nals of a temporary character, and that the security of life
