1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
135
and property largely engaged in the navigation of those
waters, in the opinion of your petitioners, requires that the
signals referred to be made permanent.
Mr. CLINGM AN. The gentleman from Con-
necticut is reading the petition itself. I object.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Con-
necticut must be aware that he cannot read the
petition.
Mr. CLEVELAND. 1 am aware of the rule,
and am complying with it literally. I cannot state
the contents of the petition in fewer words than to
read it. 1
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not think
the gentleman is complying with the rule in read-
ing the petition.
Mr. CLEVELAND. Well, at the request of
my friends around me, I will yield my right,
though I would not do so merely for the gratifica-
tion of certain gentlemen who could not carry
their own motions through the other day. I will,
therefore, state verbally the substance of the peti-
tion.
Certain signals have been established on the
coast of Florida, and these petitioners ask to have
them continued, by the action of Congress, at the
expense of the Government. These signals are
deemed important, especially in that region. I now
move that the petition be referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce, without reading, to gratify my
friend from North Carolina, [Mr. Clingman,] who
did not get through his motion the other day.
The petition was accordingly referred.
Mr. CLEVELAND then presented the petition
of sundry widows of officers who lost their lives in
the war of 1812, asking that they may receive a
pension for life; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions.
Mr. INGERSOLL. If it is in order, I ask the
unanimous consent of the House to withdraw from
the House the petition of Elisha Whitney, and
ask that it be referred to a select committee. '
Mr. STANLY. I object to anything that is not
in the regular order of business.
Mr. HEBARD presented the petition of Zacha-
riah Bassett, asking for bounty land-, which he
asked to have referred to the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Pensions.
Mr. MILLSON. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman from Vermont, that his petition would prop-
erly be referred to the Committee on Revolution-
ary Claims.
Mr. HEBARD. I have no objection to that des-
tination.
The petition was accordingly referred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. FLORENCE presented the proceedings of
a meeting in the city of Philadelphia, of the sur-
viving soldiers of the war of 1812, asking that they
5 af have one hundred and sixty acres of land
granted to them,-—together with sundry resolutions
attached to said proceedings, asking Congress to
pass a law to that effect.
Also, the proceedings of a meeting at Wilks-
barre, Luzerne county, Pennsylvania, of the sol-
diersofthe war of 1812, their widows and children,
asking that one hundred and sixty acres ofland may
be granted to them. Also, a memorial, signed by
citizens of the cjty and county of Philadelphia,
soldiers of the war of 1812, asking the same relief;
which were severally referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. MOORE, of Pennsylvania, presented a me-
morial from citizens of the county of Philadelphia,
soldiers of the war of 1812, their widows and chil-
dren, asking Congress to modify the bounty land
act of September 28th, 1850, so as to give to each
of the persons intended to be benefited by said
act, and to seamen and marines who served in said
war, one hundred and sixty acres of land; which
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. FAULKNER presented a petition, purport
of which not heard; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. VENABLE presented the petition of sun-
dry persons, citizens of the State of North Caro-
lina, against the appointment of chaplains to the
two Houses of Congress, and in the Navy and
Army of the United States; which was referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. ORR presented the petition of Lucy Se-
crest, setting forth that her husband, Leroy Se-
crest entered into the service of the United States,
first as a private in Captain McMahon's company
of Tennessee volunteers in the Creek war of 1812,
under General Jackson, and remained in service
six months; that he served the United States as
first lieutenant in Colonel Goodyer's regiment of
South Carolina volunteers, in the Florida war, in
which he served three months; that he again en-
tered the service of the United States as captain of
company I, Palmetto regiment, in the war of Mex-
ico, and was in actual service three months, during
which time he contracted a disease which termin-
ated in his death a few days after his arrival home;
that the petitioner has a family of five children,
among whom are two daughters, for whom she
has no means of support; that she has been placed
on the pension roll at the rate of $120 per annum,
which will expire on the 14th day of January,
1853. The petitioner asks that she may be placed
upon the pension roll for life.
The petition was referred to the Committee on
Invalid Pensions.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Georgia, presented the
memorial of the Legislature of Georgia, asking
indemnity for losses sustained by certain citizens
of the State of Georgia and Alabama from the hos-
tilities of the Creek Indians in the year 1836. The
memorial refers to the previous action of the Gov-
ernment on the claims, and sets out the grounds
and principles upon which they are founded. Re-
ferred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. WATKINS presented the memorial of
John F. Robertson, praying for a pension on ac-
count of wounds received in the service of the
United States; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Invalid Pensions.
Mr. CABLE, of Ohio, presented a memorial of
citizens of Scroggsfield, Ohio, praying for the re-
moval of the seat of Government, ana asked that
it be referred to a select committee.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object to that.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I propose to debate that
petition, and of course, under the rules, it will go
over.
The SPEAKER. The petition will go over
under the rule.
Mr. BELL presented a petition of citizens of
Winchester, Preble county, Ohio, for a pension to
William Morris, a soldier in the Mexican war, as
an invalid; which was referred to the Committee
on Invalid Pensions.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. Will it be in order
to introduce a bill of which previous notice has
been given
The SPEAKER. Only by unanimous consent.
Mr. GOODENOW. I object.
Mr. DAVIS. I hope the gentleman will with-
draw his objection, as I have a very important
bill, and I am anxious to have it referred to a
committee.
The objection was not withdrawn, and the bill
was not introduced.
Mr. PARKER presented the petition of Ste-
phen. Austin, of Cass county, Indiana, of the
, United States corps of marines, during the last
t war with Great Britain, asking that the provisions
j of the bounty land act of September 28, 1850,
I be extended to himself and others rendering sim-
ilar services; which was referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
I Mr. LOCKHART presented the petition of
Samuel Hall, President of the Evansville and II-
i linois Railroad Company, asking for a grant of
! land to aid in the construction of said road; which
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. PHELPS presented the petition of the
county court ofMcDonald county, Missouri, pray-
1 ing to be permitted to relinquish certain school
lands, and to select other lands in lieu thereof;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. DOTY presented the petition of William
A. Prentiss and four hundred and forty-eight other
citizens of Milwaukie, for a grant of land in aid of
the construction of a railroad from Chicago, by
Milwaukie, to Lake Superior; which was referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. HENN presented the following memorials :
The memorial of Isham D. Higdon and one
hundred and twenty-four others, citizens of Iowa,
asTting that the office of Chaplain may be abolished;
Also, the memorial of Allen Lippincott and six-
ty-five others, citizens of Iowa, upon the same
subject;
Also, the memorial of Alfred Forbes and eightv-
two others, citizens of Iowa, upon the same sub-
ject;
Also, the memorial of Edmund Morris and one
hundred and eight others, citizens of Iowa, upon
the same subject;
Also, the memorial of J. W. McDonegal and
one hundred and seventy-seven others, citizens of
Illinois, upon the same subject.
Also, the memorial of Elias M. Willitts and
sixty-two others, citizens of Illinois, upon thesame
subject;
Which were severally referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary.
Mr. LANE. I have no petitions to present,
but I ask leave to introduce two bills, of which
notice was given at the last session.
Mr. STANLY. I object.
Mr. LANE. I should be much obliged to the
gentleman from North Carolina if he will allow
these bills to be introduced and referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
The SPEAKER. The objection is persisted in.
Mr. LANE. I am inclined to think, if the gen-
tleman will recollect that Oregon is outside, and,
this being the short session, unless these bills can
go to a committee at an early day, we can expect
nothing this session, he will withdraw his objec-
tion.
Mr. STANLY. We shall reach the gentle-
man 's matter before we get to North Carolina. I
object.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. WILDRICK, from the Committee on En-
rolled Billsj reported as correctly enrolled," An act
for the relief of James N. Fawns;" and, also, a
joint resolution authorizing the settlement of the
accounts of the public printer for paper used by
him since the first of November, 1852; which,
thereupon, severally received the signature of the
Speaker.
The SPEAKER. Reports are in order from
the Committee on Elections.
JOHN S. LITTELL.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I was instructed by the
Committee on Elections, at the last session, to
submit a report on the case of John S. Littell, who
contested the seat of John Robbins at the last
Congress, but did not get an opportunity to do so.
I submit it now, and ask that the accompanying
resolution be adopted.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the Clerk be directed to pay to John S.
Littell his per diem and mileage, as are usually allowed to
members of Congress, from the commencement of the
Thirty-first Congress to the 11th day of September, 1850,
inclusive, the contest for a seat between him and the Hon.
John Robbins, jr., having been decided on that day.
A Member. Let us have an explanation of the
resolution.
Mr. WILLIAMS. If the resolution which
has been read by the Clerk is not passed now, in
all human probability it will not.be reached during
the remainder of the session.
The facts of the case are briefly these: John S.
Littell came to Washington at the commencement
of the Thirty-first Congress, and claimed the seat
held by John Robbins, jr. His memorial was
referred to the Committee on Elections, which
committee, after some examination of the case,
reported a resolution to the House, which was
adopted, authorizing the parties to the contest to
take testimony of witnesses in the case before any
alderman or justice of the peace in Philadelphia.
Accordingly, testimony was taken, and being
transmitted to the House, it was referred to the
Committee on Elections, which committee subse-
quently submitted to the House majority and mi-
nority reports. On the 11th of September, 1850,
the House decided in favor of Mr. Robbins, the
sitting member. The Committee on Elections,
who bad thoroughly examined the merits of the
case, were convinced that the contestant should
be paid his per diem and mileage in accordance
with the policy of Congress theretofore pursued
and reported a resolution to that effect. The
Committee on Claims of this Congress are satis-
fied he ought to receive the compensation hereto-
fore allowed in all similar cases, and, by their di-
rection, I have presented the resolution now under
consideration. I hope that it will be adopted.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that the
resolution be laid on the table.
Mr. MOORE, of Pennsylvania. If it is in
order, I propose to say a word or two on this res-
olution.
The SPEAKER. The resolution ia not d«-
