186
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 22,
ha table, a motion having been submitted to lay |
it upon the table.
The question was taken, and the House refused
to lay the resolution upon the table.
Mr. JOIVES. 1 demand the yeas and nays on
the adoption of the resolution.
Mr. CARTTER. I call for tellers on the yeas
and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Harris, of
Tennessee, and Jones were appointed.
The House was divided, ana the tellers reported
—ayes 34; a sufficient number.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken on the resolution,
and it was adopted—yeas 83, nays 74; as follows:
Y EAS—Messrs. Abererombie, Allison, Ashe, Thomas
H. Bayly, Bennett, Bowie, Bowne, Jolin II. Bojd, Breck-
inridge, Borrows, E. Carrington Cabell, Lewis D. Campbell,
Caskie, Chandler, Chapman, Chastain.Clemens, Cleveland,
Curtis, Darby,George T. Davis, Dawson, Disney, Dockery,
Doty, Duncan, Kvans, Florence, Gamble, Gaylord, Oil-
more, Gomtenow, Grey, Hall, Harper, Sampson W. Har-
ris, Hascall, llenn, Hillyer, Horsford, Howard, Thomas M.
Howe, Ingersoll, Jackson, J. Glancy Jones, George G.
King, Kurtx, Mason, McLanahaa, McMuUin, McNair,
Meacham, Miller, Henry D. Moore, Morrison, iNewton,
Outlaw, Andrew Parker, Polk, Porter, Powell, Preston,
Price, Reed, Riddle, Bobbins, Robie, Sackett, SchendTer-
horn, Schoolcraft, Origen S. Seymour, Stanly, Benjamin
Staiiton, Frederick P. Stanton, Abraham P. Stephens, Al-
exander H. Stephens, Taylor, Thurswn, Walsh, Ward,
Washburn, Watkins, and Williams—83.
NAYS—Messrs. Willis Allen, Averett, Babcock, Bocock,
Bragg, Brenton, Briggs, Buell, Busby, Joseph Cable, Cald-
well, Thompson Campbell, Cartter, Churchwell, Clingman,
Cobb, Culloni, John G. Davn, Eastman, Edmundson,
Faulkner, Fitch, Floyd, Freeman, Thomas J. D. Fuller,
Gorman, Green, Grow, Isbain G. Harris, Hibbard, Holla-
day, Houston, John W. Howe, Hunter, Ives, Jenkins,.
Andrew Johnson, James Johnson, Robert W. Johnson,
Daniel T. Jones, George W. Jones, Preston King, Letcher,
Loekhart, Maee, McDonald, Millson, Molony, Morehead,
Murphy, Murray, Nabers, Olds, Orr, Samuel W. Parker,
Penn, Penniman, Perkins, Phelps, Ross.Savage, Skelton,
Smart, Smith, Snow, St. Martin, Stuart, Town'hend, Wal-
bridgc, Welch, Wells, Wilcox, Wildrick, and Woodward
So the resolution was adopted.
Mr. MOORE, of Pennsylvania. I move that
the vote just taken be reconsidered, and that the
motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. Reports are still in order j'
from the Committee on Elections. J
THE ORDER OF BUSINESS. !
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. I rise to aques- I
lion of order. 1 understand that at the second
session of a Congress, the business of the House
is to be taken up in the condition in which it was
left at the previous session.
The SPEAKER. The practice has been at the
last session of a Congress to begin de novo.
Mr. HARRIS. The Committee on the District
of Columbia was the last committee reached at the
adjournment of the last session. The committees
below that had not been called during that session
for more than six months.
The SPEAKER. The fotlowing is the rule
that controls the Chair in this case:
"22. After six days from the commencement of a second
or subsequent session of any Congress, all bills,resolutions,
sod reports, which originated in the House, and at the close
of the next preceding session remained undetermined, shall
be resumed and acted on in the same manner as if an ad-
journment had not taken place."
It has reference to the matter reported, and not
to the calling of committees for reports.
The Chair will state further, that it has been the
uniform practice of the House, and he had had
occasion to look into that practice, to commence
the call of committees with the Committee on Elec-
tions.
HESDRICK B. WRIGHT.
Mr. GAMBLE. The Committee on Elections
unanimously instruct me to report thefollowing
resolution:
Retolvei, That the Clerk of this House be directed to pay
Hendrick B. Wright, contestant in the contested-election
case from the Eleventh Congressional district of Pennsyl-
vania, in the first session of the Thirty-second Congress,
the same daily pay and mileage paid to members of this
House, from the first day of said session until the second
day or July following, inclusive, being tbe day on which
said contest was decided.
Mr. LETCHER. I call for the yeas and nays
on the adoption of that resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SACKETT. I would inquire of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, whether this resolution
it not in substance precisely similar to the one
voted down by this House at the last session ?
My impression is that it is.
Mr. GAMBLE. In reply I will state to the
gentleman from New York, that it is not the same
resolution that was voted down at the close of the
last session. That resolution proposed to pay the
contestant, Mr. Wright, in addition to his per diem
and mileage, the expenses of the contest, whilst
this one is exclusively confined to the payment of
his per diem and mileage. The committee care-
fully investigated the case, and unanimously in-
structed me to report the resolution to the House.
I trust it may be adopted.
The question was taken, and the resolution was
adopted—yeas 100, nays 50; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abererombie, Aiken, Allison, William
Appleton, Ashe, Thomas H. Bayly, Bowie, Bragg, Busby,
E. Carrington Cabell, Joseph Cable, Lewis D. Campbell,
Caskie, Chandler, Chapman, Chastain, Clark, Clemens,
Cleveland, Curtis, Darby, George T. Davis, Dawson, Dis-
ney, Doty, Duncan, Evans, Ewing, Ficklin, Florence,
Floyd, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Gamble, Gaylord, Gilmore,
Goodenow, Green, Grow, Hall, Sampson W. Harris, Hart,
Haven, Hendricks, Henn, Hibbard, Hillyer,'Howard,Thos.
M. Howe, Ingersoll, Jackson, Robert W. Johnson, J.
Glancy Jones, George G. King, Kurtz, Loekhart, Mace,
McDonald, McLanahan, McMuIlin, McNair, Meade, Mil-
ler, Molony, Henry D. Moore, Morrison, Murphy, Murray,
Nabers, Newton, Olds, Outlaw, Andrew Parker, Polk, Por-
ter, Preston, Price, Reed, Riddle, Robbins, Robie, Ross,
Origen S. Seymour, Skelton, Smith, Stanly, Benjamin
Stanton, Frederick P. Stanton, Abraham P. Stephens, Alex-
ander H. Stephens,Stuart, Taylor, Thurston, Townshend,
Venable, Walsh, Ward, Washburn, Watkias, Addison
White, and Williams—100.
NAYS—Messrs. Averett, Babcock, Bell, Bennett, Bo-
cock, Brenton, Briggs, Buell, Caldwell, Cartter, Church-
well, Clingman, Cobb, Cullom, John G. Davis, Dockery,
Eastman, Edmundson, Faulkner, Fitch, Gorman, Grey,
Isbam G. Harris, Hebard, Horsford, Houston, John W.
Howe, Hunter, Jenkins, Andrew Johnson, James Johnson,
Daniel T. Jones, George W. Jones, Letcher, Martin, Mill-
son, Morehead, Orr, Samuel W. Parker. Penniman, Per-
kins, Phelps, Savage, Smart, Snow, Walbridge, Welch,
Wells, Wilcox, and Woodward—50.
So the resolution was adopted.
Mr. GAMBLE. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted, and to lay
the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JOHN TALIAFERRO.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. I am instructed
by the Committee on Elections to report the fol-
lowing resolution to the House, ana to ask ita
adoption:
[ Rtmolved, That tbe Clerk of this House pay to Jobn Tal-
iaferro, of Virginia, the same compensation per diem and
] mileage that was allowed to members of Congress under the
then existing law, computing the per diem from the com-
mencement of the first session of the Twelfth Congress, till
the second of December, 1811; also, that he pay the said
Taliaferro a like compensation per diein and mileage from
the commencement ef the first session of the Thirteenth
Congress to and including the second of August, 1813; and
the like compensation per diem and mileage, computing the
per diem from tbe commencement of the second session of
the Thirteenth Congress to and including February 17th.
1814. .
Mr. DAVIS. I ask the attention of the House
for a few moments whilst I briefly state the merits
of this case as embodied in the report accompany-
ing the resolution. Mr. Taliaferro occupied a seat
in this body some thirty years ago. He was a
member of the House for twenty or twenty-five
years. In the year 1811 there was a contested ,
election for Congress in his district. His oppo- ;
nent got the return, but he appeared and contested
the election, and was declared by a vote of the
House to be entitled to his seat. The contest con-
tinued for some time, and as is evidenced by the
retards, he did not take his seat nor receive his
mileage and per diem for the first session of that
Congress, being occupied during that time in as-
serting the claim which he finally successfully es-
tablished. At the next Congress the seat of his
1 opponent, who had received the return, was again
contested by him.
Mr. Taliaferro obtained three successive re-
ports of a committee of this House in his favor,
but he was finally, by a strict party vote, declared
to be not entitled to the seat which he contested.
Now, in either, and both of these cases, he is en-
titled to what he claims by the rules and practice
of the House. He was declared entitled to the
seatin the first instance, but did not take it, nor
receive his mileage and per diem till the second
session of that Congress, and for the payment of
that mileage and per diem he ought to have the
unanimous vote of the House.
On the rules and usage of this House, he is
equally entitled to receive compensation for the
period during which he, a second time, contested
the seat. He did not press the claim at that time,
being a member of Congress, from motives of del-
icacy. Within the last few years he has urged
his claim, and has received the unanimous report
of a former Committee on Elections in favor of it.
He is now living at the age of eighty years, in very
reduced circumstances, and needing this money.
He is honestly entitled to it.
Mr. HALL. I understand the resolution to
provide for the payment of his mileage during the
first session of tne Congress in which he was de-
clared, by a vote of this House, entitled to a seat.
I would inquire of the gentleman whether, being
admitted to his seat, he did notreceive his mileage?
Mr. DAVIS. During the whole of the first ses-
sion, he did not take his seat at all. The records
show it.
Mr. LETCHER. I should like to know how
far back our antiquarian friends of the Committee
on Elections have extended their researches? I
should lik^ to know whether there are any more
cases behind this yet to be reported ?
Mr. DAVIS. I will answer the gentleman.
Whether there are one hundred, or one hundred
thousand cases, ought not to enter into the consid-
eration of this House, if they are fair and honest.
Mr. LETCHER. Then I would like to know
if this was a fair case, why it was not paid at the
time, and by those who knew the facts?
Mr. DAVIS. I will say in reply, that I be-
lieve, if the claim had been presented, that it would
have been promptly paid at the time. Mr. Talia-
ferro, at that time, was a gentleman [of fortune,
and for nearly twenty years afterwards, was a
member of Congress. He did not press the claim
from motives of delicacy. Because from those
motives the claim has been deferred, he should not
suffer.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will, by the permission
of my friend, say a word or two. It is evident
by this time, from the questions propounded, that
the House do not understand the case. The fact
that it goes back some thirty years, instead of be-
ing an objection, makes the case more meritorious.
Mr. Taliaferro contested the seat of Mr. Hunger-
ford, and obtained it. He contested it again the
following Congress, and lost it, as the facts of the
report show. He continued almost uninterrupt-
edly a member of this House for twenty or thirty
years, and felt a delicacy during that tune to the
presentation of his claim. He was a man of fas-
tune; and, perhaps, had it not been that misfor-
tune has overtaken him in his old age, he would
not have asked for this mileage and per diem. He
gained, as I have already stated, one of the con-
tested seats, and lost the other; and he comes
completely within the rule of the House which
has been acted upon during more than fifty years
of the Government. That members look scorn-
fully on this claim only shows that they have not
investigated the facts of the case, and are unwill-
ing to do justice. The second time he contested
the seat he had three reports in his favor from a
committee of this House on three different occa7
sions, but lost by a strict party vote. When in
his old age he comes forward, will this Govern-
ment plead the statute of limitation against a highly
honorable man, because he chose to put off his
claim till now ? When he is poor, and upon the
bed of sickness, maybe death, I would scorn to
withhold justice from such a claimant.
Mr. BOCOCK. I desire to propound an inquiry
to the Chair. There seem to be embraced in this
resolution two distinct claims: one for per diem
and mileage during the first Congress he contested
the seat of Mr. Hungerford, about which, Mr.
Speaker, it seems to me there can be not the
shadow of a doubt on the mind of any man, and
a claim for per diem and mileage for another Con-
gress. Now, however the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Davis] may think about the latter-
claim, or however I may think about it, there
may be those here who would willingly vote for
the first claim who would have some difficulty in
voting for the last one. I inquire of the Cnair
whether we can have a separate vote on the two
branches of the resolution ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the reso-
lution divisible.
Mr. BOCOCK. I then call for a division.
Mr. DAVIS, (resuming.) I will now reply to
a suggestion of the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Letcher.] There are very good reasons why,
