1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
137
when a claim is brought up after a very great
lapse of time, it should be closely scrutinized. I
The facts in relation to the case may have become i
obscured, but the facts in relation to the present
claim are of record. There is no mistake about a
singl e one of them. We know perfectly well that
there was a contest, and that he got the seat. We
know that he did not take his seat till the second
session; and that the second time he contested he
got repeated reports of committees in his favor,
but was defeated in the House by a close vote. I
am confident that if the gentleman had examined
the papers of the case, he would have reached
precisely the conclusion the committee have.
Mr. LETCHER. I want a chance to examine
and satisfy myself. I do not want to vote blind-
fold on a case which comes up after the lapse of
forty years, and appeals to the House for its vote.
Mr. DAVIS. The Committee on Elections
have carefully investigated all the facts in this
case, and the gentleman has as much evidence on
this subject as ne has on most of the cases passed
upon by this House. The committee have ex-
amined the records, and there is no means for de-
ception.
The resolution under consideration, I was unan-
imously instructed to report to the House, and I
hope it will pass.
The report of the committee was then read, as
follows:
The Committee on Elections of the House of Represent-
atives, to whom the memorial of John Taliaferro, of Vir-
ginia, was referred, have carefully examined and consid-
ered the same, and report—
It appears by the Journals of the House, that on the 17th
of June, 1846, the Committee on Elections reported and rec-
ommended to the House for adoption the following reso-
lution :
" Resolved, That the Clerk of this House pay to John
Taliaferro, ofVirginia, the same compensation per diem and
mileage as is allowed members of Congress ; computing the
per diem and mileage from the commencement of the first
session of the Twelfth Congress until the 30th day of No-
vember, 1811. Also, that he pay the said Taliaferro like
compensation per diem and mileage, computing the per
diem from the commencement of the first session of the
Thirteenth Congress, to and including the 2d of August, 1813;
and like compensation per diem and mileage, computing
the per diem from the commencement of the second session
of the Thirteenth%Dngress until the 17th day of February,
1814."
The design of that resolution appears to have been to al-
low to Mr. Taliaferro the usual compensation of a member
during the time he was engaged in contests for a seat
in this House. It does not appear, however, by the Jour-
nal, nor in the committee reports, that the resolution was
accompanied by a statement of the facts which led to its
being reported by the committee. It was, on motion, which
precluded verbal explanation of its merits, laid on the table,
and not again acted on by the House.
The committee find on the Journals, and in the files of
the House, the following facts, which they deem it proper
to present for the consideration of the House:
At the commencement of the first session of the Twelfth i
Congress, on the 4th of November, 1811, John Taliaferro,
ofVirginia, appeared to coBtest the right of J. P. Hunger-
ford to a seat in the House ; and on the 7th of that month
his protest against the right of said Hungerford was pre-
sented to the House, and referred to the Committee on
Elections. That protest stated, that by the law of Virginia,
those only were entitled to vote for a representative in
Congress who were possessed of a freehold estate, at least
in a specified quantity of land, and who had been so pos-
sessed six months prior to their giving a vote," whereas
nearly one hundred.of the voters constituting Hungerford's
majority of four had been allowed to vote on leases ex-
ecuted to them witbin ten days prior to the said election,
and many of them on the day of election, in violation of the :
law of Virginia; and the deduction of those votes from the I
poll of said Hungerford would result in the declaration of
the election of said Taliaferro. Upon these facts, so al-
leged by said Taliaferro, the then Committee on Elections,
on the 21st of the same month, reported in his favor; and
on the 29th of the game month the conclusions of the report
were adopted by the House, and the said Taliaferro was
admitted to his seat, only nineteen members voting in the
negative. He took his seat on the 2d of December, to
whieh day the House had adjourned from November 29th.
The Journals of the House further show, that at the com-
mencement of the first session of the Thirteenth Congress,
May 20th, 1813, John Taliaferro again appeared to contest
the right of J. P. H ungerford to a seat in wis House, and on
the 27th of that month bis protest to that effect was pre-
sented to the House. The said protest alleged in substance
two grounds of objection to the right of said Hungerford;
first, that the statute of Virginia, prescribing the mode in
which the poll lists should be kept, had not been complied
with, and that the election of said Hungerford had been
thus secured ; second, that about one hundred of those who
voted for said Hungerford, his declared majority being about
twenty, had not been possessed of afreeholdinterestin land i
Ibrsix months prior to the election, according to the require-
ments of the laws of Virginia. On the first of these points
the committee—June 10th—reported in favor of said Talia-
ferro, and on the 15th of June thatreport was non-concurred
in by the House by a majority of four. On the 28th of June
the committee again reported in substance, that if in the
judgment of the House it was necessary, according to the
law of Virginia, that a voter should have been possessed of
a freehold estate in land, on which he was allowed to vote,
six months prior to the said election, J. P. Hungerford was
not elected, and John Taliaferro was elected, thus present-
ing to the House the identical issue which had been decided
by the Twelfth Congress in ftivor of the said Taliaferro.
The consideration of this report was, on the 31st day of
July, 1813, postponed to the first (lay of the next session.
At the commencement of the said second session) the report
then to be acted on was recommitted to the Committee or
Elections, and on the 10th January, 1814, that committee
reported the following resolutions to the House :
" Resolved, That the said election was illegal, and ought
to be set ftsidc*
" Resolved, That J. P. Hungerford is not entitled to a
seat in this House."
On the 17th of February, 1814, the House rejected the
aforesaid resolution of the committee, and nofurther action
was taken in the case.
It appears from the foregoing facts that Mr. Taliaferro
was, in the first instance, successful in establishing his
claim to a seat, and that in the second instance his claim
had so much of merit as repeatedly to be reported upon
favorably by a committee of the House, and to come very
i near receiving the assent of a majority of the House.
The committee consider that, in pursuing these contests,
Mr. Taliaferro was, with much trouble, expense, and pri-
vation, discharging a public duty, and vindicating the purity
of elections; and they feel justified, by the invariable usage
in such cases, to submit to the House the accompanying
resolution for its adoption.
Mr. ASHB. I moveJJo amend the resolution
so as to give him the per diem and mileage that
was allowed to members of Congness under the
then existing law.
Mr. DAVIS. I have no objection to the amend-
ment. The same per diem and mileage as would
be allowed by the taw then in force.
Mr. FICKLIN. I desire to ask the honorable
chairman of the Committee on Elections, as Mr.
Taliaferro had his seat in the first Congress, if he
did not then receive his mileage the same as any
other member; and if this proposition does not
pay him double mileage?
Mr. ASHE. As the facts in the report show,
the seat which was contested the first session was
not determined until the second session of the
same Congress. Mr. Taliaferro did not demand
and never received his mileage and per diem for the
first session.
i Mr. FICKLIN. As I understood from the
\ reading of the report, he succeeded at the first ses-
sion, and took his seat in December, there being
an adjournment to December.
Mr. ASHE. The Journals of this House do
not state it to be so. I do not know where the
gentleman derives his information. The Journals
of the House show most conclusively that he con-
tested his seat in the first session of that Congress.
I It was not until the second session of the same
' Congress that he took his seat, and then being a
! man of great opulence and high position in society,
he felt that it was not becoming in him to take the
per diem and mileage, and he would not do it. I
move to amend the resolution as I have suggested,
and pay him according to the law then in force. I
move the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. BOCOCK. I ask that the resolution be
divided.
Mr. JONES demanded the yeas and nays upon
the resolution, and tellers upon the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Clingman
and Faulkner were appointed.
The House was divided, and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 28, decided to be a sufficient number.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Georgia. I move that the
House adjourn.
Mr. POLK. Upon that motion, I demand the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was then taken upon Mr. John-
son's motion, and it was decided in the negative.
The SPEAKER. The first question now, is
upon theamendmentoffered by thegentleman from
North Carolina, [Mr. Ashe,] to insert the words
" under the then existing law."
Mr. ASHE. That amendment was accepted.
Mr. RICHARDSON. It is a report from the
committee, and the amendment cannot be accepted.
The question was then taken on the amendment,
and it was agreed to.
The question then.recurred upon the first branch
of the resolution, which was then read, as follows:
" Resolved, That the Clerk of the House pay to John
Taliaferro, of Virginia, the same compensation per diem
and mileage that is allowed to members of Congress, com-
puting the per diem from the commencement of the first ses-
sion of the Twelfth Congress, till the 2d of December, 1811."
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will appeal to my friend
from Virginia, [Mr. Bocock,] who called for adi-
vision, and to those gentlemen who called for the
yeas and nays, not to take the yeas and nays upon
the first branch of the resolution.. There is no
question that he obtained his seat, and we should
not detain the House unnecessarily.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. There is no ap-
propriation by which this can be paid, or it would
be paid by law.
The question was then taken upon the first
branch of the resolution, and there were—yeas 97,
nays 52; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Willis Allen, John Apple-
ton, Ashe, Bell, Bennett, Bocock, Bowie, Bowne, Brenton,
Briggs, Albert G. Brown, Burrows, Busby, E. Carrington
Cabell, Lewis D. Campbell, Thompson Campbell, Canter,
Caskie, Chandler, Chapman, Clemens, Cleveland, Curtis,
Darby, George T. Davis, Dockery, Doty, Duncan, Edmund-
son, Faulkner, Florence, Floyd, Freeman, HenryM. Fuller,
Thos J. D. Fuller, Gamble, Gaylord, Gilmore, Grey, Grow,
Hall, Harper, Isham G. Harris, Sampson W. Hams, Ilaws,
Holladay, Howard, John W. Howe, Thomas M. Howe,
Ingersoll, Robert W.Johnson, George G. King, Kurtz, Lan-
dry, Lockhart, Martin, McLanahan, McNair, Meachani,
Meade, Miller, Molony, Henry D. Moore, John Moore,
Morrison, Newton, Outlaw, Andrew Parker, Samuel W.
Parker, 1'enniman, Porter, Price, Reed, Robbins, Sackett,
Schermerhorn, Origen S. Seymour, Skelton, Smart, Stanly,
Benj. Stanton, Frederick P. Stanton, Abraham P. Stephens,
Alexander H. Stephens, Strother, Taylor, Thurston, Wal-
bridge, Walsh, Ward, Washburn, Watkins, Welch, White,
and Williams—97.
NAYS—Messrs. Charles Allen, Averett, Babcock, Buell,
Caldwell, Chastain, Churchwell, Cobb, Conger, Cullom,
John G. Davis, Eastman, Ficklin, Fitch, Giddings, Gorman,
Hart, Haven, Ilebard, Hendricks, Henn, Hillyer, Houston,
Hunter, Ives, Jackson, Jenkins, Andrew Johnson, James
Johnson, Daniel T. Jones, George W. Jones, Preston King,
Letcher, Maee, McMullin, Millson, Morehead, Nabers,
Orr, Peaslee, Penn, Phelps, Richardson, Robinson, Ross,
Savage, Stuart, Townshend, Wilcox, Wildrick, and Wood-
ward—52.
So the first branch of the resolution was agreed
to.
Mr. ASHE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the first branch of the resolution was adopt-
ed and to .lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table; which latter motion was agreed to.
The second branch of the resolution was then
read, as follows:
" Also, that he pay the said Taliaferro alike compensation
per diem and mileage, from the commencement of the first
session of the Thirteenth Congress to and including the
2dpf August, 1813; and the like compensation -per diem
and mileage, computing the per diem from the commence-
ment of the second session of the Thirteenth Congress to
and including February 17th, 1814."
The question was then taken upon its adoption,
and there were—yeas 57, nays 74; as follows:
! YEAS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Ashe, Bowie, Bowne, J.
j H. Boyd, E. Carrington Cabell, Lewis D. Campbell, Caskie,
! Chandler, Chapman, Cleveland, Darby, Dockery, Duncan,
| Florenee, Freeman, Henry M. Fuller, Gamble, Gilmore,
! Grow, Harper, Haws, Hebard, Holladay, John W. Howe,
; Thomas M. Howe, George G. King, Kurtz, Landry, Mc-
j Nair, Meacham, Miller, Henry D. Moore, John Moore,
Newton, Outlaw, Andrew Parker, Samuel W- Parker, Por-
ter, Price, Reed, Riddle, Sackett, Schermerhorn, Origen S.
Seymour, Stanly, Benjamin Stanton, Abraham P. Stephens,
Strother, Taylor, Walsh, Ward, Washburn, Watkins,
j Welch, Addison White, and Williams—57.
' , NAYS—Messrs. Willis Allen, Babcock, Bell, Bocock,
Briggs, Buell, Busby, Caldwell, Cartter, Chastain, Church-
wellj Clemens, Conger, Cullom, George T.Davis, John G.
1 Davis, Eastman, Edmundson, Ficklin, Fitch, Gaylord,
^ Giddings, Gorman, Hall, Isham G. Harris, Sampson W.
| Harris, Hart, Haven, Hendricks, Henn, Hillyer, Horsford,
| Houston, Howard, Hunter, Ingersoll, Ives, Jackson, Jen-
kins, Andrew Johnson, Daniel T.Jones, George W. Jones,
Preston King, Letcher, Lockhart, |Mace, McMullin, Meade,
1 Millson, Molony, Morehead, Morrison, Murphy, Nabers,
Orr, Peaslee, Penn, Penniman, Phelps, Polk, Powell, Rich-
ardson, Robbins, Robinson, Ross, Savage, Skelton, Smart,
Snow, Stuart, Thurston, Townshend, Venable, Wilcox,
and Wildrick—74.
So the second branch of the resolution was not
agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to reconsider the vote
just taken.
Mr. McMULLIN. I move to lay that motion
upon the table.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. Speaker, I moved 
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee I submit theques-
tion whether the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Davis] can retain the floor—the motion not
being debatable.
The SPEAKER. The motion to reconsider is
debatable.
Mr. JONES. Not, I apprehend, until the
previous question is exhausted.
The SPEAKER. It is the universal practice
of the House. The previous question is exhausted
upon the adoption or rejection of the measure.
Mr. SACKETT. If the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Davis] will allow me, I move that
the House adjourn.
