138
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 23,
Mr. ASHG demanded tellers; which were not
ordered.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Sack-
ktt's motion, and there were—ayes 52, noes 33.
So the House adjourned till to-morrow at twelve
o'clock, m.
PETITIONS, ke.
The following petitions, memorial. Sic., were presented
voder the rule, and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. HAWS: The petition of C. Hanson, who pro-
■oofs to establish a line of steamers between Brooklyn,
New York, ami G)oek>tatit, on the CI be, and near to Ham-
burg, so a* to make semi-monthly passages between Brook
lyn am! the city of Hamburg, asking aid to enable him to
establish said line.
Hy Mr. ALLKX,of Massachusetts: The petition ofElias
CajK'ster, for a pension.
By Mr. LAVDRY: The memorial of the church wardens
of the 44 Congregation of the Roman Catholic Church of
Ascension," praying Congress for the confirmation of the
church land of the parish of Ascension to all the white Ro-
man Catholics of said parish.
By Mr. CABELL, ot Florida: Preamble and resolutions
of the Legislature of the State of Florida for a mail route
from Madison Court-House to Clay Landing, in Levy
county.
Also, a resolution of said Legislature, asking a grant of
One quarter section of land to the county of Levy, for a
county ?ih\
By Mr HORSFORD: Tbe petition of Zachariah Long,
an invalid pensioner, for back pay.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, December 23,1853.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. C. M. Bctlbk.
The Hon. W. K. Sebastiam appeared in his
■eat to-day.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESI DENT pro km. laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Secretary of the Navy, com-
municating a letter from the Chief of the Bureau
of Yards and Docks, asking an appropriation for
the purchase of land adjoining the naval hospital
at Norfolk; which was referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. MASON presented the petition of Caty
White, widow of William White, a lieutenant
colonel in the revolutionary army, praying to be
allowed arrears of pension; which was referred'to
the Committee on Pensions.
Mr.SUMNER presented the memorial of Rob-
ert Roberta, praying indemnity lor the ahip Ex-
periment, captured by a privateer under Spanish
colors in 1805, recaptured by a British cruiser,
carried into Jamaica and condemned; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. CASS presented the petition of Nancy In-
gersoll, widow of Justice Ingersoll, an officer of
the Army, praying a pension; which was referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. HAMLIN presented the petition of Henry
Etting, a purser in the Navy, praying that he
may be credited with the amount paid by him to
Lieutenant Rich, for services as judge advocate,'
and disallowed on the settlement of his accounts;
which was referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Mr. PISH presented the petition of Thaddeus
Scott, one of the children of William Scott, and
administrator of Susannah Scott, his widow, pray-
ing to be allowed the pension to which he alleges
she was entitled under the act of July 7, 1838;
which was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. GWIN presented the petition of Nicholas
M. lard el la, praying compensation for services
performed in the Treasury Department; which was-
referred to the Committee on Claims.
REPORTS FROM A STANDING COMMITTEE.
Mr. BORLAND, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to which was referred the motion to print the
memorial of Eugene Plunkett, praying Congress
to purchase, for distribution among the citizens of
tile United States of Spanish origin, a work pre-
pared by him, containinga translation, in Spanish,
of the Declaration of Independence, the Constitu-
tion of the United States, and other similar docu-
ments, reported against printing the petition; which
was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the motion to print the petition of the
Peace Society, praying the adoption of measures
for the amicable settlement of international diffi-
culties, reported against printing the same; which
waa agreed to.
SAMUEL F. BUTTERWORTH.
Mr. ADAMS. I desire to ask leave to with-
draw the petition and papers in the case of the
application of Samuel F. Butterwortli. A bill has
been reported favorable to this claim, and it ought
to have come up for action at the last session. 1
stated at the time that I had assurances from Gen-
eral Stark, that he would settle the claim of Mr.
Butterworth, and adjust the matter between them
amicably, so as to save the United States from all
liability. I have the pleasure now to state, that I
have received a letter from Mr. Butterworth, the
claimant, stating that General Stark has settled
with him fairly, and has entirely arranged the
whole matter. 1 therefore ask leave to withdraw
the petition and papers in the case, and ask also
that the bill be taken up, in order that it may be
postponed indefinitely.
Leave was granted, and the Senate resumed, as
in Committee of the Whole, the consideration of
the bill for the relief of Samuel F. Butterworth,
when, on motion of Mr. Adams, its further con-
sideration was indefinitely postponed.
PAYMENT OF TEXAS DEBT.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, 1 ask permis-
sion to lay before the Senate an amendment that
I intend to offer to the bill reported by the Com-
mittee on Finance for the payment of the Texas
debt. That bill has been maae the order of the
day for the 6th of January next. I intend to offer
this as a substitute for that. I ask the unanimous
consent of the Senate to allow me to lay this
amendment on the table informally, in order that
it may be printed.
The proposed amendment was received infor-
mally, and ordered to be printed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives
was received by Mr. Fornet, its Clerk, announ.
cing that it had passed the resolution from the
Senate explanatory of an act appropriating money
for the removal of the raft of Red river.
RAILROADS IN ARKANSAS.
Mr. BORLAND, agreeably to previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a billgrant-
ing to the States of Arkansas and Missouri the
right of way and a portion of the public land to \
aid in the construction of two railroads in sqid
States; which was read a $rtt and second time
by its tide, and referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands.
RECESS FOR THE HOLIDAYS.
Mr. BADGER. Mr. President, I desire now
to submit a motion that when the Senate adjourns
to-day, it be to meet on Monday next.
Mr. CASS. Before the question is taken on
that motion, I wish to say a word. When the
same question was before us a week ago, the hon-
orable Senator from Mississippi [Mr. Adams]
spoke about fooling away time here. Now, for
one, I have never been in the habit of fooling
away time here, nor do 1 think that any other
member of this body has been. The difficulty in
my mind is, that an intimation like that makes a
very false impression throughout the country. It
leaves our constituents to suppose that we come
here daily, and spend four or five hours in discus-
sing and voting, and then go home, having nothing
more to do. There is not a member of this body
who does not know that the least part of our duty
is performed here. For myself, I work all the time;
and I do not know that I do more than any other
member of the Senate; and in one respect I am
more favored, because the Senate have been kind
enough to excuse me from serving on any com-
mittee. We all know that business has to be
matured; that a large portion of our business is
done in the committee rooms. We all have an
immense correspondence to answer. We have to
go to the different Departments perhaps a dozen
times in the course of a week. We go to fulfill
various personal and representative duties which
our proceedings require. These duties are far
greater than those which we perform here in the
Chamber; and therefore I take it for granted that
when we adjourn over for two days at the com-
mencement of the session, while business is being
matured, we do not lose time at all.
I have made these remarks to correct a false im-
pression that might prevail throughout the coun-
try from the remark of the honorable Senator.
But there is another matter connected with this
subject, to which I wish to allude, and it is simply
this. The honorable Senator yesterday, in the
course of tlie debate, alluded to the immense dis-
cussion here, and the slowness of our proceedings.
Sir, it is true that there is a great deal of discus-
i sion, and that our proceedings are slow; but it is
an old maxim, and a very wise one, " Ftstina
lente"—make haste slowly. It is not he who
makes the most speed that makes the best speed.
Despotic Governments are far ahead of us in
prompt action; but this thing of deliberation, and
discussion, and awakening the attention of the
public to their interests, is among the highest ele-
ments of the duration of republican Governments.
It is said that it is a tax. If it is, it is one which
is well paid. We talk a great deal more than we
should talk, but if it does not enlighten the public,
it has the effect of directing public attention to the
subjects upon which we talk. I do not know that
we sit too long. I do not think we always sit long
enough. I think we do business very slowly; but
I do not think there is any foundation for the im-
putations which might be drawn from the remark
of the honorable Senator; and fearful least it might
lead to a false impression throughout the country,
I was determined, whenever an appropriate occa-
sion offered, to explain my views as I have now
done.
Mr. ADAMS. Mr. President, it is due to my-
self, as well as to the Senate, to say a word by
way of explanation of the remark which has been
referred to by the Senator from Michigan. I am
reported in the papers as having used the lan-
guage which has been adverted to, and I do not
Fretend to say that the report is not correct; though
do wish to say that I did not intend to use language
which could be considered discourteous to theSen-
ate. I would be the last man present to do such a
thing. The motion to adjourn over was made in
a hurry, at a moment when I was not looking for
it, and, I immediately arose, and used a common
term to express the idea of idling away time unne-
cessarily. I had no intention of using language
which could be considered disrespectful to those
who voted differently from me; for it will be recol-
lected that no one had then voted, and therefore
my remark could not be consideMd as personal.
My reason for desiring the yeas and nays on that
occasion was, that I knew that a great amount of
business remained upon the calendar in a state of
readiness for action, and I knew til at it would be per-
perfectly impossible for the body to act advisedly on
all the bills which had not been reported, and tnere
was no necessity for waiting for the action of the
committees. I will, perhaps, vote against as many
ofthe private claims upon thecalendar as any other
member of the body; and yet I know there are some
just claims on that calendar. I know that there are
individuals suffering for the want of action on the
part ofthe Congress ofthe United States, who have
just claims against the Government. I am unwilling
that any man, woman, or child, should go to bed
hungry where a just claim exists against this Gov-
ernment, which would relieve their wants, by any
omission of labor on my part, and 1 thought that
we might have sat upon Friday and Saturday last
week, without any injury, and upon every other
Friday and Saturday, until we should have dis-
posed of the private calendar, and have rejected
such bills as, in the opinion of the majority, were '
unjust, and allowed such as we thought ought to be
passed. These were my motives, and I only wished
to explain them. I desired the yeas and nays at
the time, that those who might feel an interest in
my own vote, could see the course I pursued, not
expecting that it would affect others injuriously.
Mr. BORLAND. The Senator from Michigan
has so well and so fully expressed what I consider
the proper views upon this subject, that'I shall not
undertake to go over the same ground. I simply
rise to express my gratification that one occupying
so distinguished a position, should present the mat-
ter in the light in which he has. 1 apprehend that
all Senators feel that the least onerous part of their
duties is performed in this Chamber, in the sessions
ofthe Senate. Why, sir, according to my appre-
hension, and according to my experience as a mem-
ber of this body,—and I aspire to no higher posi-
tion than that of an humble working member,-r-we
only give to the public here, the evidences that we
have been at work elsewhere. Those of us who
are on committees—and I am on three working
committees of this body—know very well that
we occupy a much longer time in the twenty-four
