142
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 23,
of the great journals in New York. May they go
on in the good work.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Mr. President, thia morn-
insr, before the resolution under consideration was
offered, the learned Senator who has just taken his
seat, told us that one of the blessings resulting
from our taritudinous debates, was to be found in
the instruction which might be communicated to
the people, the excitement of thought among them,
and the aid we might thus give in the formation of
a correct public opinion. For such reasons he
thoueht it was no waste of time, as it had been sug-
gested by the honorable Senator from Mississippi,
[Mr. Adams,] to consume hours in discussing
matters and things in general, and of which an
example has just been furnished. My learned
friend, in the course of his remarks, did me the
honor of calling my particular attention to that
part of the message of the President, in which he
says, " thia is an age of progress;" as much as to
intimate that I have been one of those stand-still
politicians who have not marched forward " upon
the line of political knowledge," to use the lan-
guage of the British statesman, Mr. Canning, and
that it would be well enough for me to understand
that the head of my political sect had stated a fact
which heretofore I had not known, and which, if
properly considered, might have a salutary influ-
ence on my future conduct. This gives me an oc-
casion to do what I intimated to my friend from
Michigan at the last session, I would like to have
an opportunity of doing—to speak upon the sub-
ject of human progress, and to undeceive the Sen-
ator by avowing myself totally opposed to what he
has so often on this floor denominated the stand-
still policy.
Mr. BUTLER. Will the Senator allow me to
interrupt him to inquire what is the question be-
fore the Senate ?
Mr. UNDERWOOD. There is none, except
the resolution offered by the Senator from Vir-
ginia.
Mr. BUTLER. I wish that the resolution may
be read.
It was accordingly read.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. The question involved
in that resolution has been made the occasion, by
the two gentlemen who have preceded me, for
looking at the whole subject of the foreign policy
of this country. They have found in the resolu-
tion, a basis apon which to build speeches, not |
only covering the broad field ofourforeign policy, 1
but embracing a variety of subjects, even including
English abuse of us on account of the institution
of slavery. The wide scope taken by those gen-
tlemen, justifies me in taking an illimitable range
in following the lead of such examples; and I hope
the Chair will not exclude any topic which maybe
introduced in the debate. Sir, I am a friend to pro-
gress, whatever may be said to the contrary. It is
impossible to stand still. We must go forward in
some direction. But there are two lines of progress.
Neither is horizontal; both are inclined planes: one
goes upward, while the other descends. It is easy
to roll down the one into the depths of human
degradation and misery; it is toilsome and difficult
to ascend to the climax of the other. My views
of human progress favor the more difficult, but as-
cending grade. Government, and particularly this
National Government of ours, can exercise great
and beneficial influences upon the progress of the
American people, and also upon the progress of all
the natioM of the earth. And how can our Govern-
ment exercise that legitimate and salutary influ-
ence? It is by promoting all the interests which
enter into human happiness. These interests are
threefold: First, the interest which relates to the
body; next, that which relates to the intellect; and
lastly, the interest which relates to the Soul; thus
embracing all the interests of man's triple nature.
How, then, can Government promote the first of
these interests, that which relates to the body?!
W hat do you want for the body ? You wantfood, j
you want raiment and shelter, and you want all
the furniture, implements, and equipage which ren-
der human life comfortable. How are these things
to be obtained ? They are to be obtained by fa-
cilitating, as much as possible, all the operations
of agriculture, of the mechanic arts, and of com-
merce. Spread knowledge by an Agricultural Bu-
reau or Department; protect our own labor and
manufactures against a ruinous foreign competi-
tion, and unfurl your commercial flag on every
Ma and every shore. Establish liberal exchanges
with all the nations of the earth, and thereby give
thecommodities which we produce, for those which
are peculiar to the climates, soils, and manufac-
turing establishments of other nations. In this
way you multiply facilities for obtaining food,
clothing, and every human convenience, comfort,
and luxury. In this way, by such an exchange
of commodities, you avail yourself of all that God
has done to benefit the whole human race in the
creation of a variety of climates and soils, and en-
dowing each with its peculiar mineral, vegetable,
and animal productions.
By the operations of commerce you give to
men in every region the productions of every other
region, and you employ the labor of every people
in those pursuits and occupations best suited to
their peculiar climates, soils, and circumstances,
and thus you accomplish more for the whole race
than would bepossibleunderthesystem of Japanese
seclusion and non-intercourse. These blessings are
attainable by and through the treaty-making power
of the Federal Constitution. I am for freely using
that power to enlarge our intercourse with the
.nations of the earth. It is the way to give cheap
and abundant food and clothing, comforts and
luxuries, to all mankind. No intellectual and
moral progress can be made among a starving
people. The first necessity is to provide well for
our physical wants, so an to save some time which
we can devote to intellectual and moral improve-'
ment. The man or the nation whose .whole time
is consumed in a hard struggle for daily bread, can
make but little progress in moral and intellectual
elevation. It is, therefore, in my opinion, a first
duty with Governments, so far as they have the
power, to secure comfortable subsistence for the
people and allow them time for moral and intel-
lectual improvement. The duty of our Govern-
ment, in this respect, consists in protecting the
I labor of its.own citizens and opening the markets
of all the world by commercial treaties. That, in
my judgment, is the first step in our onward and
upward progress as a nation. The commercial
intercourse of nations directly leads to the social
intercourse of their respective citizens, and thus
is generated that cordiality and fraternity of which ,
we hear so much aaid, and of which 1 sometimes :
think we feel but little.
Commerce is the handmaid, the instrument of!
intellectual improvement} for, in th« exchange of
commodities of different countries, you necessarily
implant new ideas, opinions, and sentiments. In
reference to the first step of human progress—the
supply of physical wants—I defy my friend from
Michigan to go beyond me; and 1 will now proceed
to show how the second step is to be taken—in
relation to the intellectual improvement of our race
so far as it depends upon the legitimate operations
of this Government. 1 am for biking the second
step in human progress by throwing wide open
every channel to the acquisition of new ideas and
new facts. If we are to do anything for mankind
politically; if we are to elevate through our instru-
mentality the oppressed people of the earth above
the condition of mere Berfs, governedby arbitrary
power; if we are to make them republicans, ca-
pable of maintaining free institutions like ours, by
which each citizen is secured in the enjoyment of
those natural rights which the God of Nature has
given him, we must begin by instructing and en-
lightening the mind in the knowledge of those
great, yet simple principles, by the observance of
which liberty, equality, and republican govern-
ment are secured and maintained. The American
people have been instructed as no other nation on
this earth has been, in reference to those principles.
They have been instructed as if by the very finger
of God. They received lesson after lesson in 1
their colonial condition. They were taught by the
ablest and most skillful masters during the seven
years' war of independence. Our fathers left
Europe for the sake of freedom, and they and
their children have had more than two hundred
years' experience of its blessings, and that expe-
rience, through every viois8itude,.has taught them
not only the value of republican liberty, but the
best methods of securing and maintaining it.
I was happy to hear the honorable gentleman
from Michigan say that this American invention,
by whieh a Federal Government has been devised,
exercising power for general and for national ob-
jects, and allowing the States to exercise all the
powers necessary for local and municipal purposes,
is the greatest political invention which was ever
discovered. Written constitutions, which define
the rights of men, divide and limit the objects and
powers of Government, are the most efficient instru-
ments to promote the political progress of mankind;
and I will show you airectly, now the Federal sys-
tem can be properly extended to embrace other ob-
jects than those which have heretofore been em-
braced by its operation, limited as it has been to
the States composing our Union. The whole of
it is nothing but a division of labor and power. It
is a division of labor and power, inasmuch as we
assign one class of subjects to be administered by
one set of men, excluding others from participa-
ting with them. By such division, you check des-
potic power; for the very definition of despotism
, is the union of all power, executive, judicial, and
legislative, in the hands of the same individual, or
individuals, as an aggregate body. Our Federal
scheme existed in essence long before it was fully
completed by the formation of a general govern-
ment. Its essence may be found in the different
departments of the State governments, by which
you assign the legislative functions to one depart-
ment, and exclude the officers of every other de-
partment from participating in them; and so of the
jud icial and executive departments. 11 was a great
improvement when we separated the class of gen-
eral powers from those which were local, and es-
tablished a National Governmentto administer the
one, leaving the other to the exclusivejurisdiction
of the States.
This Federal Government was the natural result
of the condition of things at the termination of the
American Revolution. The Almighty had prepared
the American people for the division of political
powers between two Governments, State and Fed-
eral, by the necessity of a confederation during the
war, and the debts, want of credit, and commercial
difficulties which afflicted them at its close. Happy
for us that our wise fathers saw the true condition
of things, and gave us the Federal Constitutioa and
Government, under which we have so prosperous-
ly lived. I rejoice that they found a remedy against
despotism, and a bulwark to protect the rights of
man in written constitutions,separating, dividing,
and limiting the powers of Government, and dis-
tributing them into separate departments. I rejoice
that two Governments, State and National, have
been instituted, making a further division of politi-
cal power, and thereby rendering it less dangerous
to human rights.
I thank my friend from Michigan for having
adverted to the idea. But, sir, the problem is not
yet solved, how the down-trodden, tax-paying,
priest-ridden, and king-crushed nations of the earth
areto be instructed, and brought intothelightof our
glorious systems. We cannot, without a violation
of their laws, send missionaries to explain and
publish our system of government, prove the in-
estimable value of freedom of speech, freedom of
the press, and freedom of conscience, and then in-
vite the subject who suffers to redress his grievances
by rebellion and blood. Were we to send political
teachers to instruct, they would be arrested and
imprisoned for sedition, if not hung for treason.
What, then, can we do, and what ought,we to do,
in aid of the political progress and elevation of
mankind ? Shall we comtnence by violence and
force, under the impulses of a wild enthusiasm, a
crusading propagandism over the world ? What
shall we do, as being best calculated to "enlarge the
area of freedom?" Are we to annex all the king-
doms ofthe earth, that we may overturn monarchy
and " absolutism?" Are we to intervene to arrest
the triumphs and encroachments of despotism ?
Mr. President, in answer to these questions, I
do not hesitate to say that I am totally and pos-
itively against all efforts to instruct mankind by
whipping them with the implements of war into a
knowledge of the truth. Force and violence con-
stitute no part of my plan to elevate either indi-
viduals or nations. War is the curse of nations.
It creates a horde of drones to eat up and con-
sume the products of labor, and to make famines
in the land. It brings in its train devastation and
death, and has no solitary influence to enlighten
the mind, except in the science of destruction, or
to impress the soul with benignity and love. I
therefore discard violence and war as means by
which we may legitimately teach mankind the
principles of natural right and popular govern-
ment.
In the road of progress which lies before me, I
Bee that the treaty-making power of this country,
