THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
TUESDAY, DECEMBER 28, 1852.
32d Congress, 2d Session.
New Series....No. 10.
Gomorrah to the overthrow of Napoleon at Water-
loo.
There is, Mr. President, a spirit abroad in the
world, denominated by some the spirit of genuine
progress. It foments revolutions, it hunts up pre-
texts for agression, it is the busy-body in the
neighborhood and State, neglecting his own busi-
ness and join? about from place to place, advising
and and intermeddling in everybody's
nfikirs: teliit!; the firmer how to annex to and
enlarjehis uii:ulti\ated plantation; telling themer-
chant how he would be benefited by opening new
channels of trade, and proving in all things that
the end justifies the means. This spirit rejects
precedents settled by the sober experience of man-
kind whenever they oppose themselves to the
new project in contemplation,and it quotes prece-
dents to justify aggression, drawn from the history
of nations, whenever it can thereby suit its pur-
poses. It finds in the aggressive and selfish policy
of nations authority for perpetual aggressions. It
justifies the seizure of what does not belong to us
upon the ground, that if we do not, somebody else
will. English annexation in India, and French
conquests in A'geria, are precedents worthy of
imitation, according to the teachings of the spirit
I am now considering, and would justify the
United States in annexing Canada and Mexico,
and seizing Cuba. Sir, this spirit is restless and
militant, it is rapacious and unjust; and I admit it
to be a spirit of progress; but it is that progress
down the abyss of political error and pollution,
from which there is no return. Sir, 1 desire to
see a different progress from that; and if young
men who are willing to work and rise by industry
from poverty to riches, if young and old men who
have property to lose, and if Christians of every
sect, who believe that the doctrines of the Bible
are to spread over and regenerate all nations, will
unite in the promotion of that progress, founded
on intelligence, justice, and peace, which I advo-
cate, I believe that their efforts will be blessed, and
that they will be able in the end to reform the
world.
wrong in us to call again for the publication of the
later correspondence.
Sir, in the progress and growth of this country,
I hope that the day will soon come, if it is not
already at hand, when we can speak to the nations
in open and undisguised language, and yet in the
plain and simple language of truth and sincerity,
upon all subjects, and have nothing to conceal
from them or ourselves. If we want to purchase
a territory, our power and strength are now such
that we have nothing to fear from an open avowal
of our purposes; and our justice and magnanimity
should induce us to offer a full and fair price.
Having done so, there is no more reason for the
Government concealing its offer and object, than
there is for an honest man to conceal the^ price
offered for a horse or a mule, when he cares not
whether it is taken or rejected by the owner. In-
deed, sir, I cannot imagine a reason for any con-
cealment in regard to our wishes to acquire Cuba
or the price we are willing to pay, if, as gentle-
men intimate, the fruit, when it ripens, must fall
into our basket, and we are resolved that it shall
not fall elsewhere. By the publication of our de-
termination that no other nation shall come in
competition with us for the prize, we render the
concealment of the price offered, or the advantages
we expect from the acquisition, altogether unne-
cessary.
I am happy to hear gentlemen declare that they
are opposed to annexing Cuba by any fillibustering
operation. Whether its annexation will do us
more good than harm, is a question which I shall
not now discuss. Nor will I go into the examina-
tion of the subject of slavery, and show its bear-
ings upon the ascending or descending progress
of mankind. I pass these things by for the pres-
ent, and make no promises ever to take them up.
Mr. President, whatever may be the changes of
administration, whatever may be the changes of
parties in this country, the upward and onward
progress of the people, so far as it depends upon
our advantages of soil and climate, and our com-
mercial position on the earth, must continue to
Mr. President, perhaps I owe an apology for j make rapid strides. And if we have wisdom to
having been drawn into these remarks without I hang together, to consolidate our Union, and to
preparation, and upon the spur of the occasion, bring into full operation all the intellectual and
I ask pardon of the Senate for my desultory sue--
; pardon of the Senate for my desultory sug
gestions. 1 desire now, in conclusion, to say a few
words in regard to the pending proposition. I
heartily concur in the object of the mover of the
resolution. I am anxious to hear from the Presi-
dent in regard to the proposition made by the
Ministers of France and England, and I am anx-
ious to have all the information published. But
when the Senator [Mr. Mason] is asking for all
this, does he not perceive tr.at he may subject the
President to the very censure, which I think the
gentleman has traveled a little out of the way to
bestow upon him, for laying before the public the
communications which have heretofore taken place
between our State Department and Ministers in
Spain in reference to the purchase of Cuba?
Now, when the gentleman himself is askingfor
information in reference to the Island of Cuba—
when he wants to know what the Secretary of
State has been and is doing in regard to it, and to
publish that information, while at the same time
he says that what has been done heretofore by
the President upon the same subject is extremely
wrong, is he not amenable to the same censure for
blundering which he bestows on others ? How is
it that we may now call for all the correspondence
between the Secretary of State and foreign minis-
ters in reference to Cuba? How can its publica-
tion be right, if the other one, of which the gen-
tleman complained, was wrong? There is an
inconsistency in this. The things do not stand
well together. I approve of the Senator's present
call for the correspondence, and shall vote for his
resolution; but to be consistent with myself, I
shall be bound to vindicate the propriety of the
publication of the correspondence when it is fur-
nished by the President at my instance. I think
the President was right in laying the former cor-
respondence before Congress and the nation. If
he was wrong in that, as is now charged, it is
10
moral causes of national prosperity, we shall be-
come the admiration of all nations, and a Power
i such as never before existed on earth. When we
shall be at the head of all earthly Powers, then,
I think, we may exercise a wholesome influence
upon the destinies of our race. We shall never
reach that point of elevation without observing the
counsels of moderation, justice, and wisdom. I
sometimes fear that the intemperance of party, the
rivalry of ambitious leaders, the combined covet-
ousness and extravagance of politicians, the jeal-
ousy of sections, the grasping selfishness of our
, nature, and the wealth which is pouring in upon
us, will change our habits of living and thinking,
introduce every species of corruption, and finally
I break us up in fragments, governed by petty
tyrants. Such, I believe, would be the result if
- there were no higher motives of human conduct
than such as are to be found among those whose
morals and reasoning, whose faith and practices,
have no connection with eternity. Such atheist-
' ical Republicans as those who sacrificed Louis the
Sixteenth cannot maintain a representative, consti-
tutional, Republican Government; because they
have no ingredient of character that can resist the
temptations which selfish indulgence and aggran-
dizement are constantly presenting to induce them
to break down constitutional principles. The
pride, the luxury, and prodigality of monarchy
fills the heart of the atheist, who lives alone for
the things of the world, and satisfies his heart
much more than the less ostentatious, plain, and
frugal Republic. He is dazzled by the brilliancy
of a crown. To him the throne seems a more
certain source of honor and emolument than the
suffrages of the people, and therefore the Repub- ,
lie is demolished. But with those whose mo- j
tives are connected with eternity, who regard the I
trappings of office as things of little consequence, 11
ana the pageantry and honors of this life as trash ]!
compared with the glories of immortality, such
men, influenced by such motives, like that Gov-
ernment best which best secures the rights and
best, promotes the happiness of the masses. Such
a Government they find in a Republic. I there-
fore place my hope for the perpetuity of our free
institutions not in the men who live for this world
but in those who live for that which is to come'
The sensual atheist takes that political creed which
satiates his appetites. The believing Christian,
considering all men equal before God, the only Sov-
ereign, embraces that Government which makes
all men equal in the eye of the law, and allows no
distinction except that freely awarded to merit.
True Christian principles thus harmonize with
Republican ideas, and the Christian is for a Re-
public. In Christianity I find not only the great-
est element of human progress, but the conserv-
ative bulwark which is to prevent atheists and
demagogues, corrupt sensuality and heartless am-
bition, from demolishing the Republic.
And now, sir, having shown what kind of prog-
ress I am for, I have nothing more to say.
Mr. MANGUM. I desire to know when this
resolution was introduced?
The PRESIDENT. This morning.
Mr. MANGUM. It has involved a great deal
of discussion, and I would suggest the propriety
of postponing the discussion until we sfiall have
before us the information called for by the resolu-
tion.
Mr. WELLER. There is no probability that
the Senate will act upon this resolution to-day,
and I therefore move that its further consideration
be postponed until Monday next.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair would inform
the Senator that the resolution is only under con-
sideration by sufferance, and not by any rule of
order. The Senator from "Virginia presented the
resolution, and made his remarks upon it before it
was properly under consideration.
Mr. WELLER. There being no objection in-
terposed to the reception of the resolution, it was
of course before the Senate, and is now under con-
i sideration.
j| ThePRESIDENT. By general consent only,
j Mr. WELLER. I move now to postpone its
! further consideration until Monday next,
j Mr. MASON. It was by no means my inten-
tion to provoke a discussion of the elaborate char-
acter which has ensued, but to ask for the consid-
eration of the resolution at once. If, however, the
Senator from California, or any other gentleman,
desires it,I will cheerfully acquiesce in a postpone-
ment; but as we shall have a very thin Senate
next week, I should prefer its postponement to a
day beyond next Monday.
Mr. CHASE. Say Monday week.
Mr. WELLER. I have no objection to post-
poning it till Monday or Tuesday week. Ordi-
narily this discussion oueht to have taken place
when the message of the President was submitted
to the Senate; but as several Senators have en-
gaged in the debate, and have discussed a variety
of questions in which that section of the Union
from which I come is directly interested, I may
desire to submit some remarks upon those ques-
tions. I therefore move to postpone the further
consideration of the resolution until Tuesday week.
! Mr. MANGUM. I have no objection to the
vote being taken on the resolution to-day. I hope
it will be taken to-day. We are calling for certain
correspondence which I understand is written out
and ready to be sent in. The only difficulty, in
my mind, which I wished to suggest when I rose
before, was whether we had better debate the sub-
ject in the absence of the knowledge of the facts
than after we should obtain them. I thought we
might have read some interesting chapters from
some modern publication quite as interesting, and
perhaps as pertinent to the subject-matter, as some
of the remarks which we have heard to-day. I
do not know what this resolution will bring out,
but really it seems to me that none of us know'
much about the subject-matter that we are dis-
cussing. When the information shall be received,
then would seem to me to be the appropriate time
