146
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 28,
for entering intp the discussion. I have no doubt
that the honorable chairman of the Committee on
Foreign Relations, who has of course a proper de-
gree of the confidence of the Administration, did
not speak in the dark; but the rest of us must ne-
cessarily do so. I suppose this call may as well
be made to-day as at any other time; but let us
kno - what we are calling for, and let us know
what has been done before we undertake to discuss
it. As to this matter of progress up and down,
on an inclined plain or otherwise, it may all be very
relevant to the matters which will be brought to
our consideration by the answer to this resolution,
but really I cannot see what pertinency it has to
the question. I hope that if the resolution be not
adopted to-day, the discussion will be continued.
It will entertain and detain gentlemen. The whole
subject can be fully discussed after we get this in-
formation. I hope, therefore, my honorable friend
from California will withdraw any objection to the
vote being taken to-day.
Mr. MASON. I cannot and will not object to
any gentleman who desires it continuing this dis-
cussion; but inasmuch as the Senate will be very
thin during the next week, I would submit to the
consideration of Senators, that if they allow the
vote to be taken upon the resolution now, the in-
formation asked for will 1>e received from the Pres-
ident within a very few days, and discussion can
then arise upon a proposition to refer. I think it
better to let the vote now be taken, and the inform-
ation will be given to us by the President during
the next week.
Mr. WELLER. I have no objection to pursue
the coarse indicated by the Senator from Virginia.
I therefore withdraw my motion to postpone, in
order that the Senate may, if they are so disposed,
act upon the resolution now. Then, when the
answer of the President shall be received, discus-
sion can continue upon a motion to refer it to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. SOULE. Mr. President, it is too late now
to talk of stopping this debate, until the papers
sought to be obtained from the State Department
shall have been sent to us in compliance with the
resolution upon your table. Had that resolution
been introduced without the prefatory remarks
through which it was announced, and had it been
Buffered to wait, in due course of business, and in
accordance with the rules of this House, until it
were called up for discussion, I should certainly
be-for delaying the consideration of the matters
which it involves until we were put in full posses-
sion of such facts as might enlighten us on their
merits. But, sir, it i« no longer in our power to
determine what course it had been better for us to
pursue. A peculiar character has been imparted
to the debate by the unusual manner in which it
was initiated, and still more by the flight which
it took; and from that character it is not in our
power to divest it. And as it might seem strange,
if not ominous, that I, in common with many of
my friends who sit on this side of the Chamber,
and who may be presumed to feel as immediate
and sensitive an interest in the subject which
brought it forth, should abstain from all partici-
pation in it, it has been deemed advisable that I
should say a few words in explanation or our
course.
Thesubject, and the debate which it has given rise
to, sprang upon us this morning most unexpect-
edly. Neither I, nor, as far as I could ascertain,
any of the friends who surround me, had the least
knowledge that they would be brought forth; and
it will have struck you, Mr. President, as it struck
every other member of the Senate, that the inter-
ets involved in both were of the most serious mag-
nitude and import, and such m we could hardly
be presumed to be willing to speak of but in the
most temperate and measured terms, considering \
that the position which we at present occupy as a
party, before the country and before the world,
would hardly admit of a single word being uttered
by us in that connection, which would not be i
deemed pregnant with meaning and significancy.
Well, sir, we would deprecate, at this juncture
particularly, that we had to encounter such ex-
igencies of debate as might hurry us into an un-
guarded expression of sentiment with reference to |
so grave a subject. We will like to meet it, sir,
with becoming prudence, though not without some
considerable degree of freedom; but we will also
wish to meet it with a well-matured, and, if possi-
ble, with a well-concerted judgment. It may be
all well for the two Senators who addressed them-
selves to the quest ion, from this side of the Cham-
ber, to have indulged us thus early, and, through
us, the country, with a disclosure of their senti-
ments and views. The honorable Senatorfrom Vir-
ginia had full leisure, while preparing his resolution,
to give the subject it embraced that well-balanced
consideration which his ponderous mind has be-
stowed upon it; and the Senator from Michigan
who followed him, had, it would seem, the priv-
ilege of being apprised in time of the movement
which was to be made here this morning, and thus
of being furnished with ample opportunities for
preparing himself, if we may form any judgment
from the strikingly elaborate character of his re-
marks, and from the memorandum out of which
he helped himself, that he might present them in
that peculiar and taking way of his which so em-
inently characterizes his productions. But we,
who enjoyed none of those advantages, will nat-
urally wish for time to mature our thoughts, and
discipline them for debate. At the same time we
will desire to meet the question as it now stands,
without awaiting what communications it may
please the Executive to send us. It will not re-
quire a very deep seer to guess what the character
of those communications will be. And may we
not, as fairly as the Senators who have preceded
us, approach the obvious question which they in-
volve without them? I ask leave to renew the
motion just wiihdrawn by my friend from Califor-
nia, to postpone the consideration of the resolution
to Tuesday of the week after next.
Mr. BUTLER. I suppose that the State of
South Carolina, not being more than three or four
days run from Cuba, cannot be indifferent to .this
question. The topics involved in the discussion
are very important. They deal with one of the
most important and delicate questions that can
ever affect the destinies of this country; and my
constituents would not perhaps be satisfied if I
were not, at least, to take some part in such a dis-
cussion as this. I am not now prepared to enter into
the debate. The Senator from Virginia, being
chairman of the Committee on Foreign Relations,
has perhaps very properly made his remarks; but
since the debate has assumed altogether a charac-
ter so unexpected, it would not be right that other
Senators, equally interested ill the question, should
not have an opportunity of mingling a tributary,
at least, to the great current of public opinion
which is to be made by the debate. If this coun-
try is to be influenced by public opinion, let us
all, who have opinions, have an opportunity of
Souring our tributaries into the stream. When a
ebate of this kind comes up, I think it ought to
arise upon some question upon which we can all
deliver our sentiments. I am deeply interested in
this matter. I represent a State nearer to Cuba
than any other, unless it be the State of Florida.
This does not, however, seem to be a fit occasion
to go into that subject; but I must take the liberty
of saying that if this debate continues, it cannot
be expected that we shall be entirely silent.
Mr. MASON. I have no desire in the world
to curtail this debate, or to discourage it. If the
honorable Senator from South Carolina supposes
there is any desire on my part, or on the part of
any other Senator, to prevent the fullest and most
elaborate debate gentlemen hiay think proper, I
am not informed of any such purpose. Sir, I
would have given notice of my intention to intro-
duce this resolution, had I supposed that it would
involve a debate, before the information was re-
ceived. The matter arose simply thus: Two days
ago, I think, itoccurred to me that it would be prop-
er to call for the correspondence mentioned in the
President's message, and I conferred, as I fre-
quently do, with the honorable Senator from Mich-
igan, who is now the Nestor of the Senate, espe-
cially in matters of foreign relations, and informed
him of my purpose. I asked him at the same time
whether he thought it would be proper for me to
preface the resolution, before the vote was taken,
by a very few remarks, which I have made, con-
fined to that subject, and that alone. He told me
he thought it would be proper, and that he would
avail himself of the occasion to make some remarks.
I beg Senators to believe that I had no desire to
bring a debate unexpectedly upon them. I did not
suppose the resolution would lead to any extended
debate.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. When I came into the
Senate Chamber this morning, I did not dream of
making any remarks on this or any other subject,
and the remarks which I have inflicted on the
Senate were purely the result of an allusion of the
gentleman from Michigan to me on the subject of
progress, which had been bandied between us
during the last session; and 1 thought it was a
fit occasion to give him my ideas of human prog-
ress, and I did so.
I have not said a word about the question of
annexing Cuba. I have said nothing about its
importance or its disadvantages to the country;
but my people have as deep an interest perhaps as
Louisiana and South Carolina in it. And allow
me to say that my people are very intimately con-
nected now, and will be more so very shortly,
both with South Carolina and the States east of
Louisiana, as they have long been with Louisi-
ana herself. If this debate is to go on, I should
like very much to hear the gentlemen representing
South Carolina and Louisiana, and the other
southern States upon it. I would like to call their
attention to the influence which this annexation
may have on the trade between Kentucky and
their States, and to the trade between those States
and Cuba.
Heretofore, we of Kentucky have been in the
habit of supplying ourselves with rice, sugar, and
other southern productions from the lower Mis-
sissippi. If you annex Cuba she will want a great
many of our horses, mules, hogs, and other pro-
ductions; and if you will give us the cheap com-
munication of which I have spoken, from the
mouth of the Ohio down to Cuba, free of duty,
everybody will see what immense changes and
what deep effects will grow out of that state of
things, both in reference to the trade of Kentucky
with Louisiana for her productions, and with
South Carolina for her productions.
Now, without committing myself—for I have
not discussed this view of the subject—in regard
to these important matters, for they are of great
importance, I have merely thrown out these sug-
festions in the hope that the representatives of
outh Carolina and Louisiana who wish to make
speeches, and I shall give them an opportunity tb
do so by my vote, will take into consideration these
vital questions of internal trade. I wish them to
consider what will be the effect of opening new
avenues of trade by the annexation of foreign ter-
ritory. That such annexation would be -very effi-
cient for good or for evil I see plainly; but whether
the good or the evil will predominate, I am not yet
permitted to see.
Mr. GWIN. Whether the question has been
sprung upon the Senate, I neither know nor care;
but this is certainly an unexpected debate. I have
no doubt the chairman of the Committee on For-
eign Affairs, did not intend to preclude us from an
opportunity of delivering our views. When Sen-
ators talk of individual States of the Confederacy
most interested in this question, I feel bound to
say that I represent one more interested than any
other, for we send right in sight of the Island of
Cuba, from two and a half to three millions of
dollars in gold every two weeks; and I should like
to know what State of the Confederacy is so much
interested in the matter of our friendly relations
with Spain ?
Again, we have questions of our own likely
very soon to attract public attention. We may
have a troublesome neighbor south of us, for it is
said that the French have taken possession of
Sonora, and intend to hold it as a province of the
French Empire. My friend from Texas, [Mr.
Rusk,] will.no doubt be called out on a " buffalo
hunt" very soon, if that should turn outto be true.
Texas and California will be very apt to look into
that question, and think of the propriety of Sonora
being annexed to the French Empire. Therefore
this resolution opens a great question—the ques-
tion of what is to be the future foreign policy of
this Government. There are other islands beside
Cuba in which the United States are interested.
There are a set of islands called the Sandwich
Islands, which we in California look upon as our
summer residence. And when the Senator from
Virginia talks about ripe fruit, it ought to be known
that that fruit is ripe also, and ready to fall. This
resolution, therefore, is very important; and I
think, inasmuch as some gentlemen have com-
menced forming public sentiment, we ought to
give others a chance, and let it go over till next
week. We can make public sentiment now just
as well as when the documents shall come in.
