1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
149
Mr. BRIQGS moved to refer the communica-
tion to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. STUART moved to refer it to the Commit-
tee on Ways and Means, and to have it printed.
The question was first put upon referring to
the Committee on Indian Affairs, and it was not
agreed to.
"The question was then taken on the motion to
refer to the Committee on Ways and Means, and
to nrint, and it was agreed to.
A communication from the Treasury Depart-
ment, transmitting estimates from the War De-
partment for continuing the works provided for
by the act of the last session, entitled "An act
making appropriations for the improvement of
>-erUun rivers and harbors," approved the 30th
August, 1852; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
A communication from the Secretary of the
Treasury, transmitting, in pursuance of law, his
accounts with the United States, for the third and
fourth quarter* of 1851, ami the first and second
quarters of 1853, aa adjusted by the accounting
officers of the Government; which was laid upon
the table, and ordered to be printed.
A communication from the Department of the
Interior, transmitting, in compliance with the Act
of May, 1820, a statement of such appropriations
for that Department as have been made for the
service of the War Department, prior to the act
of the 3d March, 1849, creating the Department
of the Interior, showing the balances of the ap-
propriation of the 1st July, 1851, and of the fiscal
year ending June 30th, 1852; the repayment and
transfers in the same time, the amount drawn by
requisition from the Treasury in the same period,
ana the balance on hand the 1st of July, 1852;
with such appropriations as have been carried to
the surplus fund; which was laid upon the table,
and ordered to be printed.
A communication from the War Department,
transmitting, in pursuance of the act of Congress
approved 1st of May, 1820, a statement of the ap-
propriations applicable to the service of the War
Department, for the years 1851 and 1852; the
amount drawn by requisition from the Treasury
in the same period, and the balance on hand the
1st July, 1852, with such appropriations as have
been carried to the surolus fund; which was laid
upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is requested to
present to the House a communication from the
Academy ofNatnral Sciences in Philadelphia, con-
taining a preamble and resolutions, adopted De-
cember 14, 1814, relating to certain matters con- i
netted with the Navy of the United States. i
The communication, on motion of Mr. CLING- 1
MAN, was referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Mr. ABERC ROMBIE moved that the House
adjourn.
The question was put, and on a division, there
were—ayes 62, noes 59.
Mr. FULLER, of Maine, demanded the yeas
and nays; which were ordered.
Mr. ABERCROMBIE. With the consent of
the House, I will withdraw the motion to adjourn.
There was no objection, and the motion was >
withdrawn.
RECEPTION OF PETITIONS.
The SPEAKER then proceeded to -call the ,
States for petitions.
Mr. LANE. I ask leave to introduce a bill, of
which previous notice has been given. i
Mr. FICKLIN. I object, and call for the reg-
ular order of business. i
Mr. FAULKNER presented the petition of Anne
E. Bronaugh, praying that a certain judgment
in favor of the United States, against her husband's .
estate, may be released to her; which was referred i
to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I desire to ask 1
the Speaker if the States have not been called twice .
now for petitions ?
The SPEAKER. They have been called twice. !
Mr. JOHNSON. Is it not in order now to call 1
the States for resolutions ? <
The SPEAKER. It is not. !
Mr. JOHNSON. When will it be in order? j
The SPEAKER. The next Monday. Reports j
are now in order from the Committee on Elections. j
Mr. HARRIS, of Alabama. I move that the {
House do now adjourn. !
(Cries of" No!" "No!"]
' The question was then taken, and the House re-
fused to adjourn. I
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Do I understand
the Chair to say that reports are in order from the
Committee on Elections ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair so announced.
Mr. JONES. Then will it not be proper to call
up the unfinished business of yesterday ?
The SPEAKER. There is a motion pending
to reconsider the motion by which the second
branch of the resolution reported by the Commit-
tee on Elections, in relation to per diem and mile-
age to Mr. Taliaferro, was rejected. It is in order
to call that motion up at any time.
Mr. JONES. I call it up, and move to lay the
motion to reconsider on the table.
Mr. STANLY. I would inquire of the Chair,
if the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Da\ is]
is not entitled to the floor upon the motion to re-
consider?
The SPEAKER. He is.
Mr. STANLY. I hope the gentleman will al-
low the motion to go over.
Mr. JONES. 1 prefer to dispose of it now.
Mr. STANLY. Some of the committees have
not been called for reports for six or seven months,
and I am very anxious that they should be called.
But aside from that, I hope the gentleman from
Tennessee will not call up the motion at this time,
because I am desirous that the House should have
an opportunity to hear the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Davis,] in relation to the merits
of the case of Mr. Taliaferro, for I am sure the
House does not understand the question, after the
vote of yesterday.
Mr. POLK. I hope my colleague will allow
the motion to go over.
Mr. JONES. Well, I will not insist upon call-
ing it up now.
CHARLES J. INGERSOLL.
Mr. ASHE, from the Committee on Elections,
then reported the following resolution:
Re ireil, That the Clerk of the House pay to Charles J.
Ingersoll, of Pennsylvania, out of the contingent fund, the
same per diem and mileage allowed to members of Con-
gress, computing the same from the commencement of the
Twenty-sixth Congress to the first of July, 1840, inclusive,
for contesting the seat between him and Charles Naylor,
, that being the day on which the case was decided.
! [Here the report of the committee was read by
1 the Clerk. J j
i Mr. JENKINS. Is it in order to move to refer j
this subject to the Committee of the Whole? J
The SPEAKER. Such a motion would be in
order.
Mr. JENKINS. Then I make that motion.
Mr. ASHE. I believe, Mr. Speaker, I have
the floor.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state to
the gentleman from New York, that as the gentle-
man from North Carolina has not yielded the floor,
his motion would not be in order, as he has not
the floor to make it.
Mr. ASHE. I do not intend to occupy much
time in my remarks upon this report. This case
was reported by the Committee on Elections, at
the first session of the last Congress, and during
that long session it was impossible, for some time,
to get the report before the House. It finally came
before the House, and was referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
where it slept, and was not again brought before
the House during that session.
Again, at the first session of the present Con-
gress, it was referred to the Committee on Elec-
tions, and they authorized the same report to be
made to the House, but it was impossible to bring
it before the House for consideration at all. !
Thin case stands upon the same ground, as is
shown by the report, as the other cases of this
character, which were before the House yester-
day. I am not disposed to go into an argument
on the subject, and thereby detain the House. If
there ever was a case where a man was justified in
contesting a seat, this is that case. The very fact
that one half of the inspectors gave him a certifi-
cate; the very fact that he came here with the ap-
pointment of the Governor of the State, was au-
thority to him to contest the election, and the reason
why the seat was not awarded to him, was in con-
sequence of the New Jersey case, which was con-
tested at that time, having created so much excite- ;
j ment, that the House was not disposed to take it
| «P-
I call the previous question.
Mr. JENKINS. Is not my motion now in
order ?
The SPEAKER. It is not until the callforthe
previous question is disposed of.
Mr. LETCHER. Will the gentleman with-
draw his call for a moment ? I wish to ask him a
question.
Mr. ASHE. I will.
Mr. LETCHER. 1 could nothear the remarks
of my friend over the way, [Mr. Ashe,] which
seemed to be addressed to the.Democratic side of
the House. I desire to inquire whether this re-
port now presented to the House, was not con-
sidered during the last Congress, and if it was,
what disposition was made of it at that time?
Mr. ASHE. It was referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. LETCHER. Has it never been acted
upon before ?
Mr. ASHE. Not that I know of.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to ask the
gentleman a question in relation to this case. I
understood the gentleman to say that Mr. Inger-
soll's claim was rejected by the same House which
ousted the New Jersey men, and brought in their
contestants. Was not that done by the political
friends of Mr. In^ersoll, and is not that presump-
tive evidence that ne had no right to the seat ?
[Mr. ASHE here made a reply not heard by the
Reporter.]
Mr. JONES. The Democrats were in the ma-
jority in that Congress, and as I know, Mr.
Speaker, and as you know, this case has been
here repeatedly for the last ten years, and we have
always refused to pay it.
Mr.STANLY. My colleague will allow me also
to say a word. I think my friend from Tennessee
[Mr. Jones] is right, for I had the honor, or mis-
fortune, to be a member of Congress at that time.
Now, if this claim was not rejected by that Con-
gress, I am inclined to vote for it. I think when
a man comes here and contests a seat upon fair
grounds, it is due to him as a public servant that
he should be paid his expenses. But I have some
indistinct recollection of some opposition to this
claim upon its merits. I suggest that it should lie
over for a little examination. If I am satisfied
that it has not been rejected, I shall vote for it.
Mr. ASHE. In answer to my colleague, I will
say that all I know of this case is, that it was
referred to the Committee on Elections at the time
I stated, and that the committee unanimously
authorized the report to be made. It was made.
That report came up for consideration, and it was
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, where it slept.
Now, I assure the House that personally I do
not care whether they pass this resolution or not,
but it is a just claim, and therefore I reported it to
get it off my hands, and relieve my mind of it.
I renew my call for the previous question.
Mr. LETCHER. I call for the yeas and nays
upon the passage of the resolution.
Mr. STUART. I rise to a question of order.
I understood the chairman of the committee to
state that there is now pending a resolution like
this, reported to this House at the last session,
which was referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, and which is there at
this time. Now, I submit the question of order,
that while that resolution is pending, the commit-
tee cannot report another.
The SPEAKER. If there be such a proposi-
tion as that reported by the committee now in
possession of the House, the Chair is inclined to
think the gentleman from Michigan [Mr. Stuart]
is right.
Mr. STUART. The gentleman from North
Carolina now says that was during the last Con-
gress. If that be so, it is a different question. I
thought that he first said that it was at the last
session.
The SPEAKER. The previous question has
been demanded.
Mr. BAYLY. Will the gentleman from North
Carolina allow me to say a single word ?
Mr. ASHE. I will withdraw the call fqr the
previous question for a moment.
Mr. BAYLY. My own opinion in respect to
these contested electrons, always has been, that
where the cuii'.uii v. u.i a buna fide one, the contest,-
