152
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 27,
at all. It was required, by the Constitution, to
obtain a census for the purpose of apportioning its
representatives, and the State, to ootain accurate
returns, took a new census. My object is to have
it appended to that taken by the United States offi-
cers, in order to show something like the popula-
tion, not only of that State, but .of the United
States. I will alter it to a joint resolution.
Mr. DAVIS. I am not opposed to the object
of the resolution, but to the mode of obtaining it;
though I can hardly think that figures so inaccu-
rate, statements so incorrect, as the returns were
represented to be at the time we acted upon the
subject, can be worth preserving in any form.
Silr. GWIN. They are there, however, and I
want something approaching nearer to accuracy
appended to them.
Mr. BORLAND. I would suggest to the Sen-
ator from California, that I think he can accom-
plish his object better by making his resolution a
joint resolution, so as to give it the effect of a law,
and making its terms somewhat of this character:
To authorize the Secretary of the Interior to re-
ceive and consider the returns to which the Sena-
tor alludes, as the census returns of California—
believing them to be more correct than those ori-
ginally made from that State—and let them be in-
corporated into the general plan of the census re-
port, as the reports from the other States have
been.
Mr. GWIN. The objection to that is, that this
census has been taken since the census of the
United States was taken, and covers a larger pop-
ulation than could have been legally returned in
1850. I merely want it as a memorandum to be
attached to the census returns to give an approxi-
mation to the real population, not only of that
State, but of the United States. If the State
census had been taken in 1850, my object could be
accomplished in the way the Senator proposes;
but it was taken subsequently. I wish merely to
have appended to the census returns, which were
notoriously defective, the census taken by the
State authorities.
The PRESIDENT. 3y unanimous consent,
the joint resolution will now liave its first reading.
No objection was made, and it was read a first
time by its title, "A joint resolution in relation to
the census returns from the State of California,"
and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. PRATT.' I am very loth to oppose any-
thing coming from my friend from California; but
I do not think the principle right, that the returns
to which he refers should be incorporated as a
part of the census. The census of the United
States is an enumeration of the inhabitants at the
end of every period of ten years. The enumer-
ation to which the Senator refers was made
perhaps two years after the enumeration in the
other States. Therefore, if it is appended by the
authority of Congress, as a part of the census, the
result will be, that instead of showing the popula-
tion of California in 1850, it will show it at the
period when this latter census was taken—in 1852.
That, I think, would be wrong. The Constitu-
tion requires that at the end of every ten years an
enumeration of the inhabitants shall be made, and
it is published to the country as the census. The •
publication of the last census will give to every
other State an approximating estimate, at any |
rate, of their population in 1850; while the propo-
sition of the Senator will cause to be published the
population, or supposed population, of California :
lii 1852. 1 do not see that any good purpose can ]
be answered by it. I tbink the honorable Senator \
has stated a act, whidh of itself is sufficient to
show that Congress had recognized the inaccuracy j
of the_ enumeration made by , the United Stales '
authorities in 1850, viz: that we had given to Cali- |
"fornia two Representatives, although the returns I
in that enumeration entitled her to but one. We !
have, therefore, by legal enactment recognized the ;
insufficiency of the returns made by the United
States officers. I think that is all which the State
should require. I do not think that any good pur-
pose would be answered by appending the estimate
of the population in 1852 to tne census, which, in
reference to every other portion of the country,
purports to be the population in 1850.
Mr. HAMLIN. I recollect very well, when
the subject was before us at the last session, that
it was not only stated, but, I think, satisfactorily
proved to the whole Senate, that the enumeration
of California, under the law, was incorrect. That
was not only the fact, but, if I am not wrong in
my recollection, there were some counties from
which no returns had ever been made. In that
state of things, Congress saw fit, in apportioning
the number of Representatives, to give two to that
State. Under the law providing for the taking of
the census, all the returns which have been made,
and all the evidence that has been furnished, will
be incorporated in the compilation which will be
made at the Census Bureau. The Senator from
California now, for the gratification of the citizens
of his State, asks not that anything shall be
stricken from that compilation, as I understand it,
not that anything shall be changed, but that the
enumeration, ana the enumeration only, taken by
I the State the year subsequent, which shows ac-
curately and truly the population of the whole
State, shall be added as an appendix or addenda
to that compilation. I can see no objection on
earth to it; and it would be gratifying not only to
the people of the State, but to all who desire to
know what is its real population. I cannot see
that it is material whether it were at the precise
time when the enumeration was taken by the Uni-
ted States authorities, or at a period subsequent.
There is another way, however,* in which this
could be reached. When the Senate shall see
proper to order the printing of extra copies of the
census re'urns for its own use we could order to
be printed whatever we please. We can take the
compendium as it is prepared at the Census De-
partment, and add to it what the Senator from
California desires, if we think proper to do so.
Still, I think a joint resolution of this character,
which would secure the same thing in copies
printed by both Houses, is the proper mode of
reaching it. I really can see no objection to it.
The joint resolution was then ordered to a sec-
ond reading; and by unanimous consent read a
second time and considered as in Committee of the
Whole. No amendment being proposed, it was
reported to the Senate, and ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading.
It was subsequently read a third time and passed.
THOMAS B. PARSON/?.
Mr. BRADBURY. I ask the indulgence of
the Senate to postpone all prior orders for the pur-
pose of taking up a bill for the relief of Thomas B.
Parsons. It is a bill which alkms a Smalt arrear
of a pension to a poor sailor, who performed one
of the most meritorious acts recorded in history.
Mr. CASS. What has become of the motion
of the honorable Senator from Pennsylvania?
Mr. BRADBURY. It is suspended by his
consent, in behalf of this case.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Appeals were made to me
in behalf of old soldiers, and I could not resist
them.
Mr. CASS. Very well. I will not oppose
them.
The motion to postpone the prior orders was
agreed to, and the Senate proceeded, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, to the consideration of the
bill for the relief of Thomas B. Parsons.
The bill provides that the proper accounting
officeroftheTreasury shall pay to Thomas B. Par-
sons, who was disabled while in the naval service
of the United States, in a successful effort to save
the lives of seven persons, the sum of three dollars
per month, from the third day of September, 1808,
till the first day of June, 1835, the same being the
difference between the rate of pension for a sea-
man and that of a cockswain, which grade he oc-
cupied at the time of his injury.
' Mr. BRADBURY. Mr. President, thiiJ bill is
for the relief of a poor sailor, who received an in-
jury in performing one of the most noble and gal-
lant acts on the records of history. It was one,
that if he had been a Roman citizen, would have
entitled him to a civic crown, nay, to seven, for he
saved the lives of seven American seamen, at the
eminent hazard of his own—and Rome conferred
the civic_ crown on him who saved the life of a
Roman citizen.
I will detain the Senate but a few moments in
stating the facts of this case.
In 1808, Parsons, the sailor in question, was a
petty officer in the United States Navy, attached
to one of the gun-boats that were employed off the
coast of Louisiana to enforce the embargo, and sup-
press piracy. While engaged in this service, they
had occasion to send out a small cutter, with a sail-
ing master, Browne, Midshipman (now Commo-
dore) Jones, six seamen, and Parsons as cockswain
on board, on an expedition. In crossing the bar
to get out to sea, the cutter was suddenly struck
by the breakers, and filled and sunk, in ten or
twelve feet water, a mile from the shore. Par-
sons and Browne were the only persons who could
swim. Another roller capsized the boat, and
emptied out its contents, and it rose to the surface.
Parsons and Browne assisted their drowning com-
panions to regain and cling to the bout, and then,
each taking an oar, started to swim for the shore.
The tide was strong against them, and before
reaching the shore Browne gave out,and Parsons,
at the hazard of his own life, gave up his oar to
him, and struck for the land without assistance.
Having reached it, he divested himself of his cloth-
ing, and swam back and brought Browne to the
shore just in time to save him from sinking, and
so much exhausteH that he could not stand for
several hours. The tide carried the capsized boat,
with the other men clinging to it, out to Sea, for
several hours exposed to what seemed to be in-
evitable destruction. Butupon the return offlood
tide, the boat was drifted toward the land at a
point several miles distant, and Parsons again re-
newed his efforts to save his companions. He
swam to the wreck and brought off Jones. He
then returned, and brought off another; and again
set off, and brought to the shore the boat, with
the remaining sailors clinging to it.
In this last effort he produced a rupture which
disabled him for life, and he was soon after "dis-
charged ,'' turned adrift " incurable," without pen-
sion, vote of thanks, or other mark of distinction,
such as is sure to follow such noble acts when per-
formed by the great. Nothing further was heard
of Parsons until 1835, when he could no longer
depend on the assistance of his friends, and he
applied to Congress for a pension. This state-
ment was so extraordinary that Mr. Reed, of
Massachusetts, chairman of the House Committee
on Naval Affairs, supposed it must be the story
of an insane person; and as Commodore Jones
was referred to, he applied to him, and found the
statement confirmed in every particular. An act
for his relief was passed by Congress; but the evi-
dence of the capacity in which he served when he
received the injury (that of a petty officer) was
either overlooked or there was no evidence upon
that point before the committee, and the pension
allowed was at the fate of six dollars per month,
while the rank he held entitled him to nine dollars
per month.
The bill under consideration will give him three
dollars per month from 1808 to 1835, being the
difference between the pension of a common sailor
and that of a cockswain, the post which, as I
have already stated,he occupied when Ijje suffered
the injury which now deprives him of the abil-
ity to do anything for his support. The few
hundred dollars which this bill will give, will carry
comfort to a poor sailor, who, upon every princi-
ple of justice, deserves it. I hope it will receive
the unanimous sanction of the Senate, and that
it will find some friend in the House who will
interest himself to call it up for action at this ses-
sion, as another session may be too late.
The facts are all detailed at length in the very
interesting statement of Commodore Jones, which
is inserted in the report of the Committee on Naval
Affairs, made to the Senate at the last session, ac-
companying this bill.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, and was read a third time and passed.
JONATHAN LEWIS.
Mr. BORLAND. I have a case which I think
will not occupy the attention of the Senate but a
very few minutes. It is one which has once
passed the Senate, but failed to pass in the House
for want of time. It is a joint resolution for the
relief of an object of pity and charity in the State
of Arkansas, of the name of Jonathan Lewis,
who has been for many years a cripple, and has a
large family to support. The bill is to make com-
pensation for losses of property which he sus-
tained in the Indian country, and which, under the
general law, although his case is an equitable one,
is not provided for in the terms of that law; and
owing to peculiar circumstances, cannot be paid
without a special act. 1 hope-'the Senate will
agree tp take it up and pass it. It is only pro-
posed that testimony shall be taken in the ease,
