1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
153
and that the payment shall not be made until the
claim is clearly proved to the satisfaction of the
War Department.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate pro-
ceeded, as in Committee of the Whole, to consider
the joint resolution for the relief of Jonathan Lew-
is. It proposes to direct that the United States
agent for the Cherokee Indians be authorized to
take and receive evidence of the property forcibly
taken, stolen, or destroyed, from Jonathan Lewis
by Cherokee Indians, half-breeds, or white men
belonging to said tribe or other tribes of Indians
while the said Lewis was a resident anions; said
Indians, between the years 1539 and 1843, and
tli it said a_"t'nt forward to the Secretary of War
such evidence. It is proposed to make it the duty
of the Secretary of War, after such evidence shall
be received, to examine the same and to ascertain
the value of the property lost by Lewis, and to
pav o\er 10 him its value. The sum of Si,500
is appropriated by this bill for that purpose.
Mr. BORLAND. If any explanation is needed,
my colleague, who reported the bill from the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, will be prepared to give
it: but 1 apprehend that the terms of the resolu-
tion are surficiently explicit. It commends itself
to our prompt and favorable consideration, from
the fact, that the individual asks payment only for
the actual losses which he sustained, although
from the day when he lost his property he has
been a miserable cripple and unable to walk in con-
sequence of injuries received at that time. He
has been going upon crutches for a long period of
. years, and has a family of seven or eight children
to support, who are actually in a destitute condi-
tion.
.Mr. HALE. I hate to oppose private bills,
and certainly private claims coming from cripples
who go upon crutches and have large families,
and I do not know that I shall oppose this. But
1 have heard no reason why this man should be
paid, except that he lives in Arkansas, goes on
crutches, and has seven or eight children to sup-
port, and has lost his property. The reason why
we are to pay for this lost property is not stated.
If there be any facts, I suppose the report will
state them.
Mr. BORLAND. I will say to the Senator
that the resolution doe3 not provide for the pay-
ment of the claim, but for taking testimony by the
Cherokee agent as to the amount of property de-
stroyed, which is to be forwarded to the Secretary '
of War, who, upon being satisfied of the justness J
of the claim, is to pay the money, and not before. [
Mr. HALE. That is the difficulty. Thereso-j
lution directs certain inquiries to be made, and '■
then if the Secretary of War is satisfied with re- |'
gard to the claim, the fifteen hundred dollars is to
be paid. The difficulty in my mind is, that I can
see no reason why this man should be paid. Is
there not a seneral law on this subject? On what
principle is it that a man residing among the In-
dians, and having his property destroyed, shall
receive compensation from the Treasury of the
United States? If that principle were sanctioned,
the United States Treasury would be called upon
to pay every dollar that has ever been destroyed
by Indians, no matter under what circumstances.
Now, if there be no circumstances which would
make the United States equitably bound to pay, I
cannot support this resolution.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. The Senator from New
Hampshire seems at a loss for some principle upon
which to support this resolution. I beg leave to
say to that Senator, that so far as the principle of
the bill is concerned, it is intended to be based
upon the same principle as that of the intercourse
law of 1634, by which all such cases are made the
subjects of indemnity from the Treasury of the
United States in the last resort. The injuries for
which the claimant asks redress in this case were
depredations upon his property and injuries to his
person committed by the. Cherokee Indians,
among whom he resided under the laws of the
United States, and having a license. His trade
was that of a blacksmith. The conduct of the
wild and lawless Cherokees towards him was of the
most outrageous character, consisting of injuries
committed upon his person and depredations upon
his property, burning his house, and finally, when
driven out of the country, pillaging upon his estate.
The reason, I believe, why he never could collect
testimony to show the state of the case with regard
to his losses, satisfactorily, was, that he feared 11
personal violence if he should return to the coun-
try to make out his testimony. He had,as I rec-
ollect, the certificate of the Superintendent of In-
dian Affairs, and also of the local agent, showing
his title to redress. The Committee on Indian
Affairs were unable, however, from the data in
their possession, to fix upon the amount to which
he was clearly entitled to redress. They there-
fore reported back the joint resolution to enable
the Indian agent to take such evidence as Lewis
offered, and report the facts to the Department.
If the testimony could have been clearly obtained
by the agent before, it would have been a case
coming precisely within the law of 1834, and
would, without question or hesitation, have been
paid out of the Indian annuities; but as such tes-
timony could not be obtained, it is necessary to
pass a special act authorizing the Indian office
there to take the testimony. 1 further understand
that upon that report being made by the local In-
dian agent there, the money will in the first place
be paid out of the Cherokee annuities, and not out
of the Treasury of the United States. These
claims are only ultimately paid out of the Treasury
of the United States, when they cannot bepaid out
of the annuities of the Indians.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read a third time, and passed.
RECESS FOR THE HOLIDAYS.
Mr. HALE. I understand there are a great
many Senators absent, in obedience to a well-known
custom of the Senate, and it would be unfair to
them and to their constituents, to take advantage
of their absence; therefore, not because I have
any peculiar desire myself for such relaxation, but
in consideration of those who are not here, I move
that when the Senate adjourns to-day, it be to
meet on Thursday next.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I would suggest to the
honorable Senator, that he should withdraw that
motion, for the purpose of meeting here during the
week to consider cases upon the Private Calendar.
I think we bad better meet here to-morrow and
Wednesday, and proceed to the consideration of
those cases. If we do not take up the Private
Calendar this week and next week, the bills upon
it will not be considered at all this session. There
are bills upon the calendar which have come from
the House, which we should consider and act
upon. I hope, therefore, the motion will not be
agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN. I concur in every word which
the Senator from Pennsylvania has said. We
have upon our calendar a large number of bills
which have received the action of the other House,
and been sent to us. If we dispose of tjiem finally,
we will be rid of them; if not, they will come to
trouble us at another session. I hope, therefore,
that the Senate will take up the Private Calendar
and act upon private bills; particularly those which
have been sent from the House. There has been
a great deal said about some of them, and we
should act upon them either affirmatively or nega-
tively.
Mr. BORLAND. I agree with the remarks of
the Senator from Pennsylvania and the Senator
from Maine. Not only will it be a matter of policy
to take the course suggested by them, but we
should do it from a sense of justice. These long-
delayed claims—which have been reported on by
committees, and many of which have passed in
one House and failed in the other for the want of
time—should be acted upon and disposed of. I
think it would be the most agreeable and accepta-
ble duty to themselves, that the Senate could per-
form, to devote a few days of the Christmas holi-
days to the performance of this just, and, if the
expression may be allowed, generous duty.
Mr. ADAMS asked the yeas and nays upon the
motion, and they were ordered; and being taken,
resulted—yeas 10, nays 31; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Clemens, Fish, Hale, Jones ofTennes-
see, Mangum, Morton, Kusk, Seward, Shields, and
Soute—10.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Atchison, Bell, Borland, Brad-
bury, Bright, Brodhead, Brooke, Cass, Caihcart, Charlton,
Clarke, Davis, De SausBure, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge
of Iowa, Felch, Gwin, Hamlin, James, Norris, Pratt, Se-
bastian, Smith, Sumner, Toucey, Underwood, Upham,
Wade, Walke^ and Weller—31.
So the motion was not agreed to.
PRIVATE CALENDAR.
Mr. BRODHEAD. If it is not the pleasure of
the Senate to take up the Private Calendar and
consider the bills in their order, I have the case of
an old soldier which I shall ask them to consider.
Several Senators. Take up the calendar.
Mr. BRODHEAD. As it seems to be the de-
sire of Senators to take up the calendar, I shall
forbear to make the motion I was about to make,
and now move that the Senate proceed to the con-
sideration of the Private Calendar.
The motion was agreed to.
THOMAS H. LEGGETT.
The Senate resumed, as in Committee of the
Whole, the consideration of the bill for the relief
of Thomas H. Leggett, that being the first private
bill on the calendar. It proposes to direct the
Secretary of the Treasury to refund to Thomas
H. Leggett a sum equal to the increase of duty
imposed by the tariff act of 19th May, 1828, on
two invoices of blankets, flannels, and bocking-
baize, imported from Liverpool, invoiced at .£1,526
17s. 9d. sterling, equal to $G,786 15, and entered
at the New York custom-house on the 8th of
July, 1828, on satisfactory proof that the contracts
for the goods were entered into in the winter of
1827 and 1828, and could not be canceled soon
enough to prevent their importation under the in-
creased tariff of 1828, and that the firm of Leggett
& Co. did not realize the ordinary profit on those
importations.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I entertain the opinion
that this case ought to be postponed on account of
the absence of the Senator from Virginia, [Mr.
Hunter,] who is at the head of the Finance Com-
mittee. When this case was under consideration
at the last session, the Senator from Virginia
offered some opposition to it, and was proceeding
to state his objections, but he was not fully heard.
It is therefore proper that this bill should be passed
by until that Senator returns to his seat.
Mr. SEWARD. I hope this bill will not be
postponed. I voted against proceeding with busi-
ness in the absence of nearly one half of the mem-
bers of the Senate, because I thought the tendency
of such a course was to produce partial and un-
equal legislation. I was overruled in that; and
now it appears to me that when a bill comes be-
fore the Senate, after they have determined to pro-
ceed with the Private Calendar, it should not be
postponed because of the absence of a Sanator sup-
posed to be opposed to it. I was willing to pass
by the whole calendar for the purpose of having
the aid and assistance of the Senators who are ab-
sent; but if that is not a sufficient reason for post-
poning all, the absence of a single Senator is no
reason for passing by one bill.
The PRESIDENT. To what length of time
does the Senator from Pennsylvania move to post-
pone the bill ?
Mr. BRODHEAD. Till to-morrow, I pre-
sume. I do not wish the bill to lose its place in
the calendar. I simply made the motion becaure
I presumed the Senator from Virginia was desir-
ous to discuss it.
Mr. BORLAND. I know that he desires to
discuss it.
Mr. BRODHEAD. It is a question relative
to the refunding of duties upon which he, as
chairman of the Finance Committee, is well in-
formed.
Mr. HALE. When I made the motion which
I did make, at the instance of an older Senator
than myself, who backed out and voted "no,"
when he found it was unpopular, I stated that
I made it not for my own sake, but for the
sake of those gentlemen who were absent. I.
thought it was unjust to them to take up the Pri-
vate Calendar in the absence of so many member*
of the Senate; but as the Senate, in their wisdom,
determined that they would take it up, notwith-
standing theabsence of those gentlemen, I think that
the argument which is good for the whole is good
for all the parts. If we are not to postpone the
whole calendar, because some twenty or thirty
Senators are absent, I think we ought not to post-
pone any one bill because one Senator happens to
be absent. Now, I do not know anything at all
about this bill, and, what is more, I do not care
anything about it; but still I think we should be
consistent. I am in favor of consistency to a rea-
sonable extent; and I hope we shall proceed, or
else postpone the whole calendar.
Mr. BORLAND. I hopetnis case will be post-
poned. It has been before us for a good while.
