lho*2.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
155
Mr. STANLY. I objected to the introduction
of that resolution last Monday; but if f anj now
permitted to make a short statement, I will with-
draw that objection.
Mr. HARIUS. Let the gentleman make his
statement. ,
.Mr. STANLY. I withdraw mv objection to
the introduction ot" the resolution. I cannot vote
lor it, but wish to interpose no delay. I objected
whin the resolution was submitted because the
committee employed this clerk without permission
of the House, and because I thought its passage
would therefore set a very bad precedent. The
c«<e wht'-h came before the Judiciary Committee,
I am aware, was a very important one, involving,
as it did, the characterof a man who held a highly
responsive office under the Government. Had
authority been conferred upon that committee to
emnlov this clerk, I should not have interposed
objection.
Mr. HARRIS. The gentleman has withdrawn
his objection, and I therefore withdraw my mo-
tion for a suspension of the rules, and ask that the
question be put on the adoption of the resolution.
Mr. STUART. I demand tellers.
• Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Vesable
and Beale were appointed.
The question was put on the adoption of the
resolution: and the tellers reported—ayes 89, noes
18: no quorum voting.
Mr. STANLY. I demand the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opinion
that the demand for the yeas and nays is a busi-
ness transaction, and requires a quorum as well
as the passage of a bill, or any similar act. If it
be the pleasure of the House, the Chair will pro-
ceed asrain to divide the body.
Mr. STANLY. I suppose that is a business
transaction also, and, therefore, object.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I more that there
be a call of the House.
Mr. FICKLIN. That is also ft business trans-
action.
Mr. STUART. I demand tellers upon the mo-
tion that there be a call of the House.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Stanton, of
Kentucky, and Fickljn were appointed.
The question was taken, and the motion was
decided in the negative, the tellers having reported
■—ayes 31, noes 90.
So the House refused to order a call.
The yeas and nays were ordered on the adop-
tion of the resolution.
The question was then taken,and the resolution
was adopted—yeas 107, nays 34; as follows:
YEAS Messrs. Abercrombie. Aiken, Willis Allen, John
ApplPton, U'llliam Appleton, Ashe, Babcock, Thomas H.
Ba\lv. Bealf, Bowne, Bragg, Breckinridge, Briggs, Albert
G."Brown. Buell, Burrows, Burt, Busby, Caldwell, Lewis
D. Campbell, Chandler, Chapman, Chastain, Churchwell,
Clark, Omens, Cleveland, Clingman, Cobb, Conger,
Curti*, Parbv. John G. Davis, Duncan, Edmundson.
Ewin:, Florence, Freeman. Thomas J. D. Fuller. Gam-
ble, Gavlord. Gorman. Green, Grav, Grow, Harper, Isham
G. Harris, Sampson \V. Harris, Hart, Haven, Hendricks,
Hibbard. Hillver. Horsford, Houston, Howard, Thomas M.
Howe. Intermit, Ive*. Jackson. Andrew Johnson, James
Johnson, Robert W\ Johnson, Daniel T. Jones, George W.
Jones. J. Glancv Jones, Georee G. King, Kurtz, Landry,
Maep. \farmi. Meacham, Millson. John Moore, Morrison,
Murray, Olds.Orr, Samuel W. Parker, Peaslee, Penn, Por-
ter, Powell. Preston, Riddle, Robinson, Scudder, David L.
Seymour, bngen S. Sevmour, Smart, Benjamin Stanton,
Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Abraham P.
Stephens. Alexander H. Stephens, Stone, St. Martin, Tay-
lor. Tliur-ton, Yeriable, VVatkms, Welch, Addison White,
Wilcox, Wildrick, William--, and Woodward—107.
X \YS—Messrs. Averett, Barrere,Bocock.John H. Boyd,
Brenton, Joseph Cable, Dean, Doekery, Doty, Dunham,
Ficklin, Flovd. Giddmgs, Hawaii, Hebard, John W. Howe,
Hunter, Join's Johnson, Letcher, Lorkhart, Molony, More-
head. Murphv, Xabers, Xewton, Penriiman,Perkins, Robie,
Smith, Stanly, Stuart, Sweetser.Walbndge, and Washburn
—34.
[Mr. Mace] was to be taken up for consideration
when the resolution of the gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Harris] was disposed of.
The SPEAKER. The Chair could not assign
the floor in advance, and he did not intend to state
that the motion of the gentleman from Indiana
would follow. The Chair replied to the gentle-
man; that a motion to suspend was not in order
until the pending one was disposed of.
The resolution of Mr. Stanton', of Ohio, was
then read by the Clerk, as follows:
A message was here received from the President
of the United States by Millard P. Fillmore,
his Private Secretary, notifying the House that he
did, on.the 23d instant, approve and sign a bill
and joint resolution of the following titles, viz:
H. R. No. 164. "An act for the relief of James A. ]
Fawn*."
H. R. No. 29. " A joint resolution authorizing the settle-
ment of the accounts of the public printer for paper used \
by him since the 1st day of November, 1858."
CLAIMS OF CUSTOM-HOUSE OFFICERS.
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. I ask the unani- j
mous consent of the House for leave to introduce j
a resolution.
Mr. HILLYER. I undergtood from the Chair :
that the motion of the gentleman from Indiana I
Resolved, That the President of the United Mates be re-
quested to inform the House of Representatives whether
claims are pending before the Treasurj Department, in favor
of -uuilrv persons who now are, or heretofore have been,
custom liouse officers, whose accounts have been settled
and paid in pursuance of the laws supposed by the Depart-
ment to be in force at the time of such settlement, for addi-
tional pay under some construction of tile laws regulating
their compensation not heretofore recogni zed by the Depart ^
intMit; and it* any such claim is pending? that the 1 resident
inform tin* House—
1. What grade or character of officers is claiming such
additional compensation. .
♦2. Under what law or laws their accounts were settled
aMy, VTnder what law or laws additional compensation is
now claimed. . , .
4 What number of persons would be entitled to in-
creased compensation on the construction of the laws urged
bv the claimants, and for what time, and what would be
the a«wgate amount of all the claims tor increased com-
pensation under their construction of the laws.
5 When, and by whom, were these claims hrst presented
to the Treasury Department, and what action has been had
upon the subject by the Secretary or any of the accountiitg
officers of the Treasury.
6 What opinions have been given by the President, or
the heads of any of the Executive Departments, in relation
to the validity of said claims.
7. Whether, in the opinion of the President, any action
of Congress is necessary or advisable, either to protect the
Treasury from unjust claims, or to secure to the claimants
their just rights.
Mr. STANLY. I dislike to object, but I am
afraid I must. One half of the resolution was not
read at all, and the other half was read so that
neither myself nor anybody else could hear it. If
any gentleman will give the House^ some inform-
ation on the subject, I shall not object, if no one
else does; but I will not be responsible for the
I passage of the resolution.
[Cries of " Read the resolution again'. " Read
it again!"]
The resolution was again read.
Several Members objected.
Mr. STANTON. 1 move a suspension of the
rules, to enable me to introduce the resolution.
1 The question was put, and the rules w«e sus-
^ The question recurring upon the adoption of
the resolution, it was put, and carried in the af-
firm atire.
; So the resolution was adopted.
Mr. MACE. I move a suspension of the rules,
that I may be permitted, inasmuch as I am of ne-
cessity compelled to lettve the city, to make a few
reports from the Committee on Claims, that they
may be referred and ordered to be printed.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I do not sup-
pose, if the House will reflect a moment, there
can be any objection to allowing any member of :
any committee, authorized by the committee of ,
which he is a member to report to the House, and 1
whose object is merely the reference and printing ;
of the report, to do so through the Clerk. If |
there be any who desire action on the reports they ;
are instructed to make, they will have to wait their J
opportunity, and report in the usual mode. I sug- j
gest only that members may be permitted to sub-
mit to the Clerk, and have printed, any reports
they maybe instructed to make by the committees
of the House. I
The SPEAKER. In what form -does the gen- ,
tleman propose to have the first and second read- i
ing of bills ?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I will state, j
Mr. Speaker, that the proposition suggested by
the gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Stephens] has
been entertained in this House before. I was an
advocate of it myself, but from events which trans- ;
pired during the Thirty-first Congress, and which ,
are familiar to all, I am fully convinced that it will
not do. Permission was given to make reports
from committees as now proposed; and that the
House may know the result of that permission, I
will give the following illustration. A gentleman
stated to me that a member from another State
had introduced a report which egregtously mis-
represented and maligned his State, and that if his
constituents had known, or even knew now, that
such a report came from a committee of which he
was a member, and had been put upon the public
records and printed, he would not, perhaps, be
forgiven by them. Yet he further stated that he
had attended the sessions of that committee from
their beginning till their close, and had never read
or heard of such a report having been adopted by
them. Now, if gentlemen in the minority are
allowed to make reports, the subject-matter of
which has never been submitted to or considered
by the whole of the committee, they have it in
their power to bring forward matters for which
they could not get the concurrence of either the
committee or the House, and to perpetrate a
wrong on a whole community, or an entire class,
arid to place that wrong on the public records,
beyond the reach of any man ever afterwards to
set himself right. I suggest to the genl leman from
Georgia whether it would not be well to force
each gentleman to come forward with his reports
in the regular way; and whether it would not be
best for us to bring about such a condition of
things, under our rules, as will enable members to
mak'e their reports to the House when prepared
tO do <30.
Mr. STEPHENS. I will not press my sug-
gestion at this time. I did not presume any gen-
tleman could make a report which had not regu-
larly passed his committee. From a consideration
of the suggestion of the Chair, touching reports
accompanied by bills, I withdraw the proposition
I made.
Mr. BOCOCK. I wish to know of the Chair,
for the information of the House, if we now permit
the gentleman from Indiana to make reports from
the committee of which he is a member, whether
the bills accompanying these reports will not have
precedence over bills which might be reported
from committees before the one to which he be-
long;s ?
The SPEAKER. Bills take their place on the
calendar as reported, and the bills thus reported
would take precedence.
Mr. HOWARD. I move to amend the motion
so that it will provide, that the Committee on
Indian Affairs shall also be permitted to report.
There have been in my hands reports agreed to by
that committee since eight months before the ad-
journment of the last session, and if this thing is to
go on, we never will get a regular call of com-
mittees. The only way in which we can arrive
at it is to adhere strictly to the regular order of
business.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I rise to a privi-
leged question. I wish to bring up a matter of
some public interest, and that is a motion to re-
consider the joint resolution which was voted down
at our last day's session, granting two clerks and
a messenger to the Superintendent of the Public
Printing.
The SPEAKER. The motion may be entered,
but it cannot take precedence of the motion made
by the gentleman from Indiana.
Mr. JOHNSON. I will have it ent*r«d, then,
with the Speaker's permission, and call it up here-
after. .
The SPEAKER. Unless objection is made, it
will be so entered.
The question recurring on the motion made by
Mr. Mace, to suspend the rules, it was put, and
decided in the negative.
REPORT OF THE SUPERINTENDENT OP THE
CENSUS.
>lr. MEACHAM. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to offerihe following resolution:
Resolved, That WO,000 copies of the Report of the Super-
intendent of the Census, which accompanied the last mes-
sage of the President, be printed separately for the use of
members of this House.
Several Members objected.
Mr. MEACHAM. I then move to suspend
the rules, and ask for tellers upon the motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. V«nabi.e and
Richardson were appointed.
The question was taken, and the tellers riported
that there were—ayes 97, noes 26.
So the rules were suspended.
[A message was here received from the Sen-
ate, by Mr. Dickins, its Secretary, informing th«
House that the Senate had passed resolutions and a
bill with the following titles, viz: Senate No. 36, a
resolution for the relief of Jonathan Lewis; Sen-
ate No. 66, a resolution in relation to the Censu*re-
