156
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 27,
turns from the State of California; SenateNo. 535,
an act for the relief of Thomas B. Parsons; and de-
siring concurrence therein.]
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to inquire
if the resolution under consideration does not go
to the Committee on Printing? It is not a rule
which requires it, but it is the law of Congress,
passed by both Houses, and approved by the
President.
The SPEAKER. Under the rules of this body,
it must go to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. MEACHAM. I will modify it if it is ne-
cessary. I suppose the resolution merely asks, or
orders the printing ofonehundred thousand copies,
and of course it will take the direction which the
law already demands of it.
The SPEAKER. It is the decision of the Chair
that it should go to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. MEACHAM. I wish to say that this
work is now in type, and all the extra cost there
will be in order that we may be furnished with
this document to distribute among the people, will
be the paper and press-work.
Mr. HOUSTON. The law in regard to this
question is to be found on page 35 of the Statutes
at Large for the last session. It reads as follows:
" All motions to print extra copies of any bill, report, or
other public document, shall be referred to the Committee
on Printing in [he House in which the same may be made."
The SPEAKER. The Chair asks to refer the
gentleman from Vermont, [Mr. Meacham,] and
the House, to the following provision of the law
upon this subject:
" Nothing in this act shall be construed to authorize the
printing of the census, but the same shall be done as may
be provided by law hereafter."
Mr. MEACHAM. It is not the census now
proposed to be printed,but simply the report from
the Superintendent of the Census, which accompa-
nied the President's annual message. But in or-
der to avoid all difficulty—as I do not wish to
consume the time—I propose to move a resolution
that the Committee on Printing be instructed to
procure for the use of the House one hundred
thousand copies, &c.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. That will be a vio-
lation of the law, because it leaves the committee
no discretion at all.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman refers the
resolution to a committee, the law will be complied
with.
Mr. HOUSTON. The law itself refers the reso-
lution so soon as it comes before us, and no motion
is necessary. So soon as a resolution for printing
an extra number of any document comes before
us, the law itself takes it to the Committee on
Printing without any motion.
The SPEAKER. The resolution goes, in the
opinion of the Chair, under the law, to the Com-
mittee on Printing, and is disposed of.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I move that it
be referred as it now stands.
Mr. MEACHAM. I move the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the resolution.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that the
resolution goes to the Committee on Printing with-
out a motion.
LIEUTENANT GENERAL.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House to enable me to mak 
a motion to take up Senate resolution No. 5, au-
thorizing the President of the United States to con-
fer the title of Lieutenant General by brevet for
eminent services.
Mr. H ART. I object.
Mr. STEPHENS. 1 more a suspension of
the rules for the purpose, and upon that motion
demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. LETCHER. I move a call of the House,
as there is a very thin House here now.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Letch-
er's motion, and there were—ayes 77, noes not
counted.
So a call of the House was ordered.
The Clerk then proceeded to call the roll, and
147 members answered to their names. There be-
in? a quorum present,
On motion by Mr. STUART, all further pro-
ceedings under the call were dispensed with.
Mr. ST ANLY. I hope that in this thin House
the vote will not betaken now, and that the gentle-
man from Georgia [Mr. Stefheks] will give no- j
tiee that he will call it up on Monday next.
Mr. STEPHENS. I have as much confidence
in a small House as in a large one, and I cannot
indulge the apprehension that this House will not
pass the resolution. I am willing, however, to let
it pass over, if gentlemen think proper.
Several Members. Now is the time. Let us
have a vote.
Mr. STEPHENS. If the House will indulge ;
me in making the proposition, I move that the '
consideration of this resolution be postponed until [
next Thursday. • i
The SPEAKER. This can be done only, by j
unanimous consent.
Mr. CLEVELAND. I object. |
Mr. STEPHENS. If it is voted down, I shall
submit the proposition next Monday and the Mon-
day after that.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Ste-
phens's motion,and there were—yeas 74, nays 70;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Aiken, Allison, William
! Appleton, Bell, Bowie, Bowne, John H. Boyd, Breckin-
ridge, Brenton, Briggs, Burrows, Caldwell, Lewis D. Camp-
bell, Chandler, Chapman, Clingman, Conger, Darby, Dock-
ery, Duncan, Edmund son, Ewing, Gamble, Gorman, Grey,
1 Harper, Hascall, Haven, Hebard, Henn,Hibbard, Horsford,
John W. Howe, Thomas M. Howe, Hunter, Ingersoll, '
Jackson, James Johnson, George G. King, Landry,
Marshall, Martin, McMullin, Meacham, John Moore,
Morehead, Newton, Samuel W. Parker, Peastee, Penni-
man, Porter, Preston, Sackett, Scudder, David L. Sey-
mour, Smith, Stanly, Benjamin Stanton, Frederick P.
Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Alexander H. Stephens,
Stone, St. Martin,Taylor,Thurston, Venable, Waldbridge,
Washburn, Watkins, Welch, Addison White, Wilcox, and
Williams—74.
1 NAYS—Messrs. Willis Allen, John Appleton, Averett,
Babcock, Beale, Bocock, Bragg, Bueil, Burt, Busby, Joseph
Cable, Cnastain, Churchwell, Clark, Clemens, Cleveland,
Cobb, Curtis, John G. Davis, Dean, Doty, Eastman, Fick- '
i lin, Florence, Floyd, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Gaylord, Gid- >
1 dings, Gilmore, Green, Grow, Isham G. Harris, Sampson I
W. Harris, Hart, Hendricks, Hillyer, Houston, Howard, j
Andrew Johnson, John Johnson, Robert W. Johnson,
Daniel T. Jones, George W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones,Kurtz,
Letcher, Millson, Molony, Morrison, Murphy, Murray,
Nabers, Olds, Orr, Peiin, Perkins, Powell, Richardson,
Kiddle, Robie, Robinson, Savage, Origin S. Seymour, (
Smart, Abraham P. Stephens, Stuart, Sweetser, Town-
shend, Wallace, and Wildrick—70.
There not being two thirds voting, the rules
were not suspended.
Mr. WILDRICK, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as correctly enrolled, an act
explanatory of an act appropriating money for the
removal ofthe raft in Red river.
fThe following message was here received from
the Senate by Mr. Dickins, its Secretary:
Mr. Speaker : The Senate have passed bills with the
following titles, viz: S. No. 493, an act for the relief of
Brown, Russell & Co., which I am directed to ask the '
concurrence of the House therein. The President of the I
United States has notified the Senate that he did, on the
16th inst., approve and sign a bill with the following title,
viz: S. No. 545, an act authorizing the Secretary of the
Treasury to issue a register to the barque Uueen of Dun- 1
dee, to be called Kate Wheeler; and that he did on the 23d
inst., approve and sign bills and a resolution with the follow-
ing titles, viz: S. No. 54. an act explanatory of an act sup-
plementary to an act approved the 23d day of May, 1850; and
S. No. 448, an act authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury
to isshe registers to vessels in certain cases; and also S.
No. 553, an act to amend the act approved the 31st of Au-
gust, 1852, in reference to the appropriation for continuing
the survey ofthe Mexican boundary.]
CLERKS AND MESSENGER FOR THE SUPER-
INTENDENT OF PRINTING.
Mf. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I call up the
resolution now in regard to clerks and messenger
for the Superintendent of Public Printing. There
was a majority who voted against the resolution.
I was of that number. I ask that it may be read
for information, and then I wish to make a short
■ explanation in regard to it.
The resolution was then read, as follows:
" A joint resoluuon authorizing the employment of two
clerks and one messenger in the office of Superintendent of
Public Printing."
Mr. J. said: The House have heard the resolu-
tion, and they will see that it is one giving two
clerks and a messenger to the Superintendent of
Public Printing. It is notorious to us all that our
public printing has never been in so prosperous a
condition as it now is. It is so promptly and so
well executed that it saves us a vast deal of trouble
and annoyance. It gives to us the information
that we ought to have at the commencement of a
session—a thing which has never been heard of
before; at least, during my term of service here.
This resolution is recommended by a Joint Com-
mittee of the House and Senate, and was voted
upon here the other day and defeated by a major-
ity of some three or four votes. I move now a
reconsideration of this matter, believing it is right.
I think that the resolution should be passed, upon
the ground that it is absolutely essential to the
success of the system, which, having already
proved its beneficial character, should not be de-
stroyed, and ourselves thrown back, as we were
before, for the want of a pitiful and insignificant
appropriation in aid of the system itself. If it be
i true, that so slight tin appropriation as is here in-
volved—a little over #3,000 per annum—can pre-
serve to us this system, and enable us to do what
we never did before—keep our own accounts, and
carry on the printing in a manner more prompt
and effective than has ever been done heretofore—
it seems to me folly in the extreme to reject and
disregard it. I will present some facts in relation
to this matter, and the House will at once see the
utter impossibility of one man's keeping the ac-
counts of the public printing; and if he cannot do
it, the express language of the law cannot be com-
plied with, and he must be compelled to resign, if
he has any respect for himself, rather than that
the position which he holds shall fall into disre-
pute because of a physical impossibility to attend
to the duties which the law attaches to it.
This brings to my mind a matter which I will
state to the House, and it is this: that hitherto the
accounts against the Government for public print-
ing have been made out altogether by those parties
who did the printing. The Government never had
any one employed for the purpose of investigating
and making them out, but only to make a general
investigation of the accounts as they were pre-
sented for payment by those who performed the
printing. Now, under the express terms of this
law, the Superintendent is compelled to keep those
accounts, and keep them in accordance with the
terms of the law itself. I have before me the
books prepared by him, which will show at once
the necessity for so slight an addition as thatnow
asked, giving him two clerks and a messenger.
By looking at these volumes, members will see at
once how these accounts are to be kept, and will
be enabled to form some idea of the character of
the work. For instance, for this House alone,
under the heads of documents, reports, bills, &c.,
there are to be entries of every article of printing
ordered, whether it be the printing of one copy, or
one hundred, or fifty thousand copies. By the
terms of the law establishing this printing bureau,
each one of these headings will have to be kept,
and under each will have to be entered, in detail,
every item of printing ordered.
In the first place, as to these entries of printing
ordered. The Superintendent has to make entries
respectively of the time when received; time when
delivered; the number of the document; the num-
ber of the report; the title or the subject; thewhole
number of pages in small pica, plain or rule; in
brevier, plain or rule; in nonpareil rule; the cost of
composition of each article, or item of printing
ordered; the number of extra copies; the number
of maps or plates inserted; the cost of inserting
those maps or plates; thededuction of extra copies;
the cost of the press-work and binding; the deduc-
tion on reserved copies; the total cost; time when
returned by the printer; and then general remarks
appertaining to the entries made. Through the
process of these many entries every article of
printing we order for this House is compelled ne-
cessarily to be exhibited. There is one volume
allotted to the entrv of documents. The next
volume comprises bills of the House of Represent-
atives, and kindred items, which are compelled to
be so entered as to exhibit the orders for each piece
of printing; the time when received by the printer;
the number of pages which shall be printed; the
title or subject; then the whole amount, the time
when returned, &c.
If gentlemen will look at this matter for a mo-
ment, they will see at once what a great number
of entries must be made in the course of one ses-
sion of Congress, in these books; and all of it,
according to the law, is to be done by one single
individual—the Superintendent ofthe Public Print-
ing. This is not all. There is a third volume,
for miscellaneous printing-. If the House of Rep-
resentatives desire their own accounts to be so
kept as to exhibit all these things fully, and thus
place it within the power of their own committees
to investigate them at any time, and to judge of
their correctness, and the correctness of the pro-
ceedings of the party superintending the printing,
