1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
157
the same course must be taken with regard to mis-
cel'aneons primips; ns the other printing. There
must be entries of the time when received, and
when delivered, the kind of printing ordered, the
riumVr of copies, pi tin or ruled, the cost ot com-
position, ,iiid a number of other items, which it is
unnecessary for tne to read. It will be remem-
bered, in connection with all this, that three more
books of the s;\ 111 e character are to be kept for the
Senate printing, and three for each one of the seven
Departments of the Government—twenty-seven
vo'times to be kept 111 all, according to the terms
of the law \\ hieh we 'u\\ e passed. In addition to
a'l this labor, the duties of the Superintendent
compel him to go to the printing office and exam-
ine and overlook then,; and thus a great deal of
his time is taken up.
Under these circumstances, it seems to me that
there can be no question upon our part, whether
we should or should not allow this increased force
of e'erks and messenger that is called for, for the
purpose of carrying out that law. In addition to
that, the Superintendent is compelled to purchase
all the paper required, and to superintend the bind-
ing, and to disburse all the money that goes out
m this respect. 1 suppose upwards of half a mil-
lion has to be disbursed annually, by this officer,
in connection with other Departments, and it must
take time. With these facts before us, it seems
to me that there can be no doubt that we ought to
grant this increased force. I therefore move a re-
consideration of the vote by which the joint reso-
lution was rejected.
Mr. STUART. I believe this question is un-
derstood by the House, and I therefore call forthe
previous question.
The nrevious question received a second, and
the main question was ordered to be now put.
Mr. JONES, 5f Tennessee, demanded the yeas
and nays; but they were not ordered.
The question was then taken upon the motion
to reconsider, and it was agreed to.
The question recurred upon the passage of the
joint resolution.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Is the previous
question exhausted ?
The SPE AKER. It is.
Mr. JOHNSON. Then I call for the previous
question on the passage of the resolution.
Mr. HOUSTON. Will the gentleman allow
me to offer an amendment before he does that?
Mr. JOHNSON. I will. I have no disposition
at all to prevent the House from acting exactly as
they wish.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then I offer the following
amendment:
And he ;t further resolved, That tbe Secretary of the
SenatP and the Clerk of the House of Representatives be,
and thev are hereby, required to dismiss from their employ
ment each, one clerk receiving the compensation of ihose
hereby authorized to be appointed, and also each one mes-
senger.
Mr. STANLY. Is that amendment in order?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is inclined to the
opinion that it is in order, as it relates to the same
general subject as the joint resolution itself.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I will not ob-
ject to the amendment, but I shall not vote for it.
1 move the previous question.
'The previous question received a second, and
the main question was ordered to be now put.
Mr. LETCHER. Is it in order to move to
postpone this resolution until another day ? The
House is much too thin to act upon it now.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order, the main
question having been ordered to be now put.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Hous-
ton's amendment and it was rejected.
The question now being, " Shall the joint reso-
lution pass ■"
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, demanded the yeas
and nays.
Mr. AVERETT called for tellers on the yeas
and nays.
Tellers were ordered, andMessrsGATLORD and
Bocock were appointed.
The House was then divided upon ordering the
yeas and nays, and the tellers reported 30 in the
affirmative.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken, and there were—
yeas 95, nays 42; as follows:
yr.AS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Aiken, Willis Allen, John
Appleton, William Appleton, Thonjas H. Bayly, Barrere,
Bowie, Bowne, John H. Boyd, Bragg, Breckuiridgs, Briggi,
Burrows, liurt, Busby, Caldwell, Lewis D. Campbell,
Chandler, Chapman, Chastain, Cleveland, Clingntan, Dar I
by, John G. Davis, llnckery, Doly, Duncan, Eastman, Ed- i
mundson, Florence, Thomas J. P. Fuller, Gamble, Gay-
lord, Giddmgs, Gihnore, Gorman, Green, Grow, Har-
per, Sanipntn W. Harris. Hart. Hascall, Haven, Hebartl,
Henn, Horstord, Thomas M. Howe, Hunter, Ives. Jackson,
James Johnson, John Johnson, Robert W.Johnson, Daniel
T. Jones, George G. Kitiir, Laiulr\, Marshall, Martin, Mc-
Mulhn, Meat-ham, John Moore, Morrison, Murray, Orr,
Samuel W. Parker, Peaslee, Penn, Perkins, Porter, Riddle,
Robie, Saekett, Savage, Scudder, David L. Seymour,^Ori-
gen 8. Seymour, Smart, Stanly, Benjamin Stanton, Fred-
erick P. Stanton, Richard II. Stanton, Alira'm P. Stephens,
Alexander H. Stephens, Stone, St. Martin, Stuart, Taylor,
Thurston, Venabte, Washburn, Welch, Addison White,
Wilcox, and W'lldrick—95.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Averett, Babcock, Beale, Bo-
cock, Brenton, Albert G. Brown, Joseph Cable, Clark,
Clemens, Cobb, Dean, Dunham, Ficklin, Floyd, Grey,
IshamG. Harris, Hendricks, Hibbard, Houston, Howard,
John W. Howe, Ingersoll, Andrew Johnson, George W.
Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Kurtz, Letcher, Millson, Morebead,
Murphy, \abers, Penniman, Powell, Robinson, ^ Smith,
Sweetser, Townshend, Walbridge, Wallace, Watkins, and
Williams—1-2.
So the joint resolution passed.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, moved to recon-
sider the vote last taken, and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The question was taken upon the latter motion,
and it was agreed to.
So the motion to reconsider was laid upon the
table.
CENSUS RETURNS FROM CALIFORNIA.
Mr. MARSHALL, of California. I ask the
unanimous consent of the House to take up and
put upon its passage, a joint resolution that has
been passed by the Senate and sent down to the
House, with reference to the printing of some ad-
ditional statistics with regard to the census of
California.
There being no objection, the following joint
resolution was taken up for consideration, and
was read a first and second time by its title, viz:
Joint Resolution of the Senate No. G6, " in rela-
tion to the census returns from the State of Cali-
fornia."
The resolution directs the Superintendent of the
Census to append the returns from the State of >
California to the report thereof now in course of
preparation at the Census Office.
The joint resolution was then ordered to a third
reading, and was subsequently read the third time
and passed.
BOUNTY" LANDS IN OREGON.
Mr. LANE, by unanimous consent and pursu- !
ant to previous notice, introduced the following
bills; which were severally read a first and second
time by their titles, and referred to the Committee
on Public Lands, viz:
A bill granting bounty lands to the officers and
soldiers who served in the Cayuse war; and a bill
to provide for the location of military bounty land
warrants by actual residents of Oregon Territory.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. 1 ask the unan-
imous consent of the House to offer the following
resolution:
Resolved, That it stiall be the standing and special order
of this House, after to-day, to call the committees for such
report* as shall not give rise to debate, until all the commit-
tees shall be called ; and if any report shall be made to
which objecnon is offered, snch report shall not be received,
but shall remain until the committees are regularly called
under the rule of this House.
Mr. HART. I object.
Mr. HARRIS. Then I move to suspend the
rules.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. If we adopt
this resolution, in my opinion we shall be able to
get through the presentation of reports to-mor-
row in one day. I hope it will be adopted.
Mr. CLEVELAND called for tellers; which
•were ordered; and Messrs. Cungman and Smart
were appointed.
The question was then put, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 88, noes 29.
So (two thirds voting in the affirmative) the
rules were suspended.
The question recurred upon the adoption of the
resolution. •
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would suggest
to my colleague an amendment, which I think
would reconcile the House generally to that reso-
lution. It is that no bill reported under the call
provided for in this resolution, shall be put upon
its passage, unless by the unanimous consent of
the House.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tenneisee. My colleague
will perceive that no bill can be put upon its pas-
sage under that resolution.
Mr. JONES. 1 suggest to my colleague that
some geatleman may report a bill, move to refer
it to some committee, and call the previous ques-
tion, and then the reference may be voted down,
and the bill passed by a bare majority of the
House.
Mr. HARRIS. My colleague could prevent
the passage of a bill under such circumstances, by
simply saying that he proposed to debate it.
Mr. CLlNGMAN. No, the previous question
could cut off debate.
Mr. HARRIS. Well, I will accept theamend-
ment.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. The gentleman
can obviate the difficulty by inserting after the
word " reports," the words l< for reference."
Mr. HARRIS. I move the previous question
on the passage of the resolution.
The SPEAKER. If objected to, the proposed
amendment must be voted upon by the House.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Well, I propose
the amendment which I suggested to my colleague.
A Voice. You cannot do it; the previous ques-
tion has been moved.
Mr. STUART. I want to see that resolution
further amended. I want to strike out that part
which speaks of the power to object to a report.
The effect of that would be, that every important
report would be cut off by the objection of a single
member, and precedence given to all the business
that is of no consequence whatever.
The SPEAKER. The Chair must interrupt
the gentleman. The question now pending is on
seconding the demand for the previous question.
Mr. HARRIS. I propose to accept theamend-
ment of my colleague, [Mr. Jones,] if I have the
power to do so.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot ac-
cept it.
Mr. HARRIS. Then if I have not the power
to accept the amendment, I withdraw the demand
| for the previous question, whilst my colleague
j offers it.
| Mr. STUART. The gentleman cannot hold
1 the floor to allow another gentleman to offer an
amendment.
Mr. HARRIS. Well, sir, is it in order for me
to offer an amendment to the resolution ?
The SPEAKER. It is in order if the demand
for the previous question is withdrawn.
Mr. HARRIS. I withdraw the previous ques-
tion. Now, is it in order forme to offer an amend-
ment to the resolution ?
The SPEAKER. Certainly it is.
Mr. HARRIS. Then I offer the amendment
suggested by my colleague, and move the previous
question.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The question was put, and decided in the nega-
tive.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The previous question received a second, and
the main question was ordered to be now put.
Mr. STUART. I ask for the reading of the
amendment.
The Clerk read the amendment, as follows:
Provided, That no bill reported under this resolution shall
be put upon its passage, unless by unanimous consent of the
House.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment, and it was agreed to.
The question recurred upon the adoption of the
resolution as amended.
Mr. FLOYD demanded tellers; which were
ordered; and Messrs. Smith and Venable were
appointed.
The question was put, and the tellers reported
—ayes 68, noes 35; no quorum voting.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee, demanded the
yeas and nays.
Mr. STUART moved that the House do now
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to.
And the House adjourned until to-morrow at
twelve o'clock, m.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following memorials and petitions were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate committer:
By Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York: The petition of the
pastors and others of churches in the cliocese of Albany,
