1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
159
militia of Connecticut, at the age of sixteen years, I
ami did duly therein as a private, until July 15th, 1
17^1, when he was appointed surgeon's mate in
the staff of the regiment, and continued in tlmt
office to the close of the war of the Revolution.
That regiment was formed from the towns of
Preston, Groton, and Stonington, and was, from
and after the spring of 1779, under orders to
assemble at Fort Griswold, in the town of Groton,
whenever the alarm was given for that purpose;
on the 5th of September, 1781, the alarm was
given, and lite regiment assembled on the evening
of that day, memorable for the cruel and bloody
massacre of Groton Heights, just as a part of the
army left the place.
The petitioner was with the regiment acting in
the capacity of surgeon's mate. The surgeons
of the regiment, with the petitioner as surgeon's
mate, were directed to, and did, take charge of
the wounded that were left by the enemy after
the massacre The regiment continued in the ser-
vice but a short time, but the surgeon, and the pe-
titioner, as surgeon's mate, continued to take care
of the wounded for the period of seven months
from and after the 6th of September, 1781. There
were forty persons who were ministered to by the
petitioner and the surgeon, and the petitioner de-
Toted his whole time, during those seven months,
to the care of those wounded persons, and to no
other business.
The committee further found that Avery Dow-
ner made application to the proper Department in
1833, to be placed on the pension list for the ser-
vice, under the act of June 7 th, 1832; that he pros-
ecuted his application until 1843; and that it was
refund by the Commissioner of Pensions on the
ground that the service was not performed under
any military order, but that the 8th regiment
was dismissed, and the service was probably paid
for like other professional services. But they
found that the service was acknowledged as pub-
lic service, and paid for by the State of Connecti-
cut. The committee being satisfied that the peti-
tioner was surgeon's mate, as stated, and was
employed in the duties incident to his office, at
Fort Griswold and its vicinity, for the period of
■even months from and after September 6th, 1781,
which service was regarded by the State of Con-
necticut as public service, were of the opinion that
the petitioner comes within the true intent and
meaning of the act of June 7th, 1833, and is en- I
titled to receive the same bounty as other persons
who performed similar services in the Army of j
the Revolution; and therefore reported a bill grant- I
ing a pension to the petitioner.
\lr. HALE. I would not say a word about
this case, if it were not an old acquaintance. I
recollect it very well; while I was oT) the Committee
on Pensions, it was referred to me, and I examined
it with a great deal of care. I examined it repeat-
edly, at the solicitation of gentlemen from Connec-
ticut; and, further than that, I handed the papers
to some Senators or Representatives from Connec-
ticut, and pointed out to them where I thought the
claim was fatally deficient, and asked them to
furnish the evidence which was wanting, if it could
be found. I believe it never was found—at least
it never was furnished to me; and therefore the
Committee on Pensions reported against the claim.
But if the Senate feel inclined, upon the statement
of the facts mentioned in the report, to give the
pension, I shall make no objection; but this claim
being an old acquaintance of mine, I beg leave to
state the facts as I understand them.
The report represents that Mr. Downer was born
in 1763, and that the service was performed in
1781, when he was nineteen years of age. I think
the surgeon of the regiment was his father, and he
was a student of medicine with his father, if I am
not mistaken; at any rate, he was a student of
medicine. There was no evidence before the com-
mittee, and I apprehend there is none now, except
parol evidence, of the existence of this commis- 1
sion. No commission was produced; nothing
eould be found upon the records of the militia of
Connecticut, that there ever was any commission;
bat he was simply a surgeon's mate, in the capa-
city of a student of medicine of his father, who I
believe was surgeon of the regiment. He never
was in any service, and does not pretend that he
was, except upon one occasion, when there was a
battle of some sort, and several were wounded,
and then he was called upon once, and only once.
This is the only time that hs pretends that he was
ever called upon, though he contends that he held
himself in readiness to be called on, and did the
service which the committee mention. The report
says that the State of Connecticut paid for this
service. That is the whole case, so far as I recol-
lect it. This young man, nineteen years of age,
a student of medicine with a surgeon, was once
called upon by the State of Connecticut to render
service to some soldiers, which was rendered and
paid for; and now it is proposed to pension him, at
the rate of $140 per annum, for this one single call
which the State of Connecticut paid for. We are
to pay this amount of money to a person who was
then a boy of nineteen years of age, studying
medicine, and who furnishes no evidence, except
parol evidence, that he was ever appointed sur-
geon's mate.
If, with this understanding of the facts, the Sen-
ate are willing to grant the pension, let it be so. I
had the care of the case for two years, and was
really exceedingly anxious to report a bill in his
favor, because it was said he was an old, worthy,
and highly meritorious citizen; and I called upon
the representatives of Connecticut, both in the
House and in the Senate, to furnish any evidence
of the commission, if it was to be found, and it
was not furnished. Under these circumstances, I
think the Senate ought not to pass the bill, unless
some new evidence has come to light since 1 ex-
amined it before.
Mr. TOUCEY. The Senator from New Hamp-
shire was not in his seat, when 1 made a statement
in regard to this case. This application for a pen-
sion received a favorable report in the House of
Representatives, and a bill was passed there. It
came here, and was referred to tne Committee on
Pensions, of which, it seems, the Senator from
New Hampshire was then a member, and it failed.
The petition has since been presented in this body,
as I understand, with additional proof, and the
facts are established beyond controversy. Doctor
Downer is a respectable physician. He is now
ninety years of age. He is a man who would not
make a claim that was not entitled to consideration;
and, as I understand, the committee of the Senate
have unanimously reported in favor of granting
this pension to him. That he was in the service;
that ne held a commission as surgeon's mate; that
he acted as such for the period of seven months,
are facts about which there cannot, I apprehend,
be any question. Doctor Downer was left, after
the disbanding of the regiment, in charge, with
the surgeon, of forty men who were wounded at
the massacre of Groton Heights. The records of
Connecticut, if I rightly understand, show that he
was paid in that capacity for a period of seven
months. The objection is that it was not done
under a military order.
It is obvious that the objection which precludes
him from obtaining a pension at the Pensiftn Of-
fice Is entirely a technical one. If the facts stated
in the report of the committee of the Senate be
' true, the objection taken by the Senator from New
Hampshire is overcome; and it was on that
fround that I asked that it might be taken up; and
was apprehensive that he might not live long
enough to receive the benefit of the pension. I
believe the claim to be an entirely meritorious one.
The deficiency of proof suggested by the Senator
from New Hampshire has since been removed.
Mr. HALE. It is certainly not an agreeable
duty for me to interpose an objection to the claim
of a man who is ninety years old, and who has
probably.but a little while to live; but here is the
difficulty: There was no evidence before the com-
mittee, and I do not understand the Senator from
Connecticut to say, nor does any one say, that
there is any evidence now, except parol evidence,
that Mr. Downer ever performed the duties of
assistant surgeon; that he was ever appointed by
the State of Connecticut or by the General Gov-
ernment. He was there holding himself in readi-
ness for seven months; he was once called upon;
he, a student of medicine, nineteen years of age,
was once called upon, and but once; he was paid
by the State of Connecticut for seven months'
service; and now it is proposed that this Govern-
ment shall pension him. These are the facts. If
the Senate want to pay the pension, I have no ob-
jection.
Mr. TOUCEY. I would call the attention of
the Senate to the report of the committee on this
point:
" Inasmuch as tb« eommittee in aatiafied that the peti-
tioner was a surgeon's mate, as nbove stated, and was em-
ployed in dutiis incident to said office at Port Griswold and
in its vicinity, lor a period of seven months from and after
the 6th day of September, 1781, which service was regarded
by the State oi Connecticut as public service, they are of
opinion that the petitioner comes withis the true intent and
meaning of the act of June 7th, 1832."
These are the facts reported by the committee.
The bill was reported to th* Senate without
amendment, and on the question, " Shall it be en-
grossed for a third reading?"—
Mr. BORLAND called for the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
Mr. SHIELDS. . If the facts stated in the re-
port be true, the case comes within the spirit of
the pension laws; and upen that view I will vote.
I cannot tell, however, whether the IHcts are true
or not; but we are to take the statement of the
committee for them.
Mr. BORLAND. I will say, that so far as the
facts set forth in the report are concerned, the
Senate are bound to take them as true, because a
committee of this body have investigated the sub-
ject, and upon their responsibility as Senators, and
as honorable men, have reported these facts, after
investigation, as true. I must therefore take them
to be true, and the House has done so.
Mr. HALE. 1 think it is not in order to refer
to' the House as authority for the Senate. I should
like to ask the honorable Senator from Arkansas,
who, I think, was a member of the Committee on
Pensions which reported this bill, whether there
was any evidence before that committee as to the
fact of service; whether any commission was pro-
duced from the State of Connecticut or the Gen-
eral Government; or whether there was any evi-
dence, except mere verbal declarations, that Mr.
Downer was a surgeon's mate ?
Mr. BORLAND. I cannot at this time an-
swer as to the particular character of the evidence.
I am not now a member of the Committee on
Pensions; but I was a member of it at the time
this bill was reported. Unless I were to examine
the papers, I could not now tell all the particulars;
but this I know, that the committee, after an in-
vestigation by the Senator from Vermont, [Mr.
Foot,] who made the report, were perfectly sat-
isfied as to all the facts, and authorized the making
of the report. I cannot, of course, undertake now
to state all the facts. I know that the committee
were satisfied with them at the time, and I, as a
member of the committee, was fully satisfied.
Mr. HALE. I think this is a very dangerous
precedent. The fact is, this man never had a
commission either from Connecticut or the Gen-
eral Government. There was no evidence of it;
but the committee seem to be satisfied from certain
verbal declarations, by this man and that, about
what took place seventy years ago. If he had
ever been commissioned by Connecticut or by the
General Government, there would have been evi-
dence of it, and the commission could be pro-
duced; but he was not. He was surgeon's mate,
just exactly in the same way as any doctor in the
country makes a mate of his student; and that is
the whole of it. He once went with his father,
who was a surgeon, to a place where there were
several wounded men, and he attended on them.
That is the only service that the report presents,
or that he pretends that he ever performed. But
it is contended that he heKl himself in readiness to
do service, and here you are going to give a pen-
sion of $140 a year for one call, one visit,and that
without any evidence, except of a very loose and
indefinite sort, that he ever was commissioned or
held the office.
Mr. WELLER. I have known that much paid
for a single visit in California.
Mr. HALE. It might be in California, but
not in Connecticut. But I will not say anything
more in opposition to ths bill. The Senate have
all the facts before them, and are competent to de-
cide.
Mr. BORLAND. The Senator frorti New
Hampshire stated to the Senate that this individ-
ual rendered certain service, and no more. He
says the committee are mistaken, and have made
a report of facts which do not exist.
Mr. HALE. No, sir.
Mr. BORLAND. We have the statement of
the Senator from New Hampshire against the re-
port of the committee. It is for the Senate to say
which shall be taken.
Mr. TOUCEY. As some Senators have come
in who were not present when I explained the case
