160
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 28.
before, I wish to say a word or two more. The
committee of the Senaie have found the fact of the
service; they have found it expressly; they have
adopted the report of the House of Representa-
tives ascertaining that fact; and they have found
further, that Dr. Downer was paid for seven
months'service as surgeon's mate. Now, the
records in the Comptroller's office of the State of
Connecticut show the fact of service. Whether
these records show it in this case I know not; but
I have no doubt in my own mind that they do.
Now, after the committee have reported the facts,
are they to be controverted without any proof to
the contrary, or will the Senate adopt the state-
ment of facts as furnished by the committee? If
they do, it is a case within the spirit of the pen-
sion laws; and this old gentleman of ninety is
entitled to this little pension for the residue of his
days.
The question being taken by yeas and nays on
the engrossment of the bill, resulted—yeas 32,
nays 3; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Atchison, Borland, Brodhead,
Brooke, Butler, Cass, Cathcart, Charlton, Clarke, Davis,
DeSaussure, Dixon, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa,
Downs, Felcli, Fish, Hamlin, Jtfmes, Morton, Pratt, Rusk,
Sebastian, Seward, Shields, South, Toucey, Upbam,
Wade, Walker, and Weller—39.
NAYS—Messrs. Hale, Sumner, and Underwood—3.
So the bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading; and it was read a third time and
PUBLIC LAND SURVEYS.
Mr. BROOKE. I move to postpone the prior
orders, for the purpose of taking up the bill from
the House of Representatives, " to amend an act
entitled ' An act for the discontinuance of the of-
fice of surreyor general in the several districts
so soon as the surveys therein can be completed,
for abolishing land offices under certain circum-
stances, and for other purposes,' approved June
12th, 1840." The object of the bill is to allow
resurveys, when"necessary, to be made in districts
where the -office of surveyor general has been
abolished. There is no provision of law now ex-
isting whereby erroneous surveys in Mississippi,
and several other districts, can be corrected by re-
surveys. This bill is for the purpose of enabling 1
the Commissioner of the General Land Office to
act as surveyor general in such cases.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I would inquire of the
Senator from Mississippi whether this bill has re-
ceived the sanction of the Committee on Public
Lands ?
Mr. BROOKE. It has been reported by that
committee with a few amendments.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
bill. It proposes to enact that in all cases where,
as provided in the first section of the act of June |
12tn, 1840, the field-notes, maps, records, and other
papers appertaining to the land office in any State,
shall have been, or shall be, turned over to the
State authorities, they shall be held subject to the
examination of any duly-authorized agent of the
Government without charge; and that the same
authority, powers, and duties, in relation to the
survey, resurvey, or subdivision of the lands
therein, and all matters connected therewith, pre-
viously exercised by the surveyors general, shall
be vested in the Commissioner of the General
Land Office.
It further provides that, under the authority of
the Commissioner of the General Land Office, any
deputy surveyor, or other agent of the United
states, shall have free access to such field-notes,
maps, records, and papers, for the purpose of
making copies, and taking extracts, without any
charge, as above provided.
«,-.7hl?Tmittee on, Public Lands reported the
bill with three amendments:
in the first section, the words "they shall
t0 ,he examinat'°n of any duly-autlToSed
'agent of the Government without charge: nor "hallanv :
compensation be required from any such agent for any ex
< tracts or copies be may take thereof." y i
provided " ,eCOn', 'eCti0n' Bt'fike out the words "as ^ve
3. Add the following as an additional section • « a-j  „
That the fieM no^mJps, recti,
. ?',lh ^r.[!?pers menti°n«' hi the first section of the act
' f° which this is an amendment, shall in no case herettar
•be turned over to the authorities of any StaleianHlTjfh
«S«te shall have provided bylaw for fhe rlcemon .nS
<«afe keeping of the same as public records, and for the
' altowancp ni free access to tl.e same by the authorities of
' the United States, as herein provided."
The amendments were agreed to.
The bill was then reported to the Senate, as
amended.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on con-
curring in the amendments made as in Committee
of the Whole. f
Mr. HALE. I am rather fearful that we have
not a quorum present; and therefore, in order to
ascertain that fact, I call for a division.
The question being taken, there were, on a divis-
ion—ayes 25, noes 2; no quorum voting.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I think there is a quorum
present, and therefore I ask a recount.
The question being again taken, there were—
ayes 27, no 1; no quorum voting.
Mr. SHIELDS. There is a great deal of busi-
ness on the calendar that will lead to no discus-
sion, and I think we might as well clear it off the
table. I wish to call up a few bills myself. Let
us get such bills out of the way. I think we may
do a little business in that way before we enter
upon contested questions.
Mr. MANGUM. I deem it proper to make a
remark in the way of apology. I have not voted
upon any of these questions, upon the ground that
I think, with as thin a Senate as we have, it is ut-
terly improper to proceed to the consideration of
contested matters.
Mr. SHIELDS. I agree with you as to that.
Mr. MANGUM. I am perfectly willing to
accede to the proposition of the honorable Senator
from Illinois, and consider matters that are not
contested. Those who have bills which they wish
attended to, and others who attend to see that the
business of the country is not improperly done,
are, most of them, here; but still we have barely
a quorum, and we ought not to attend to contest-
ed matters.
Mr. SHIELDS. That is precisely the sugges-
tion which I took the liberty of making. There
are some complaints made occasionally, that we are
, a little negligent about matters which ought to pass
without any contest. My suggestion is, that we
go on with the calendar, and when we reach a case
. which is contested, that we pass it by, so that we
i may dispose of the cases I have mentioned, if we
can.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair would suggest ■
that some disposition must be made of the bill
pending before the Senate. The question pending
is upon the concurrence in the amendments made
as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. WALKER and Mr. BROOKE called for
the yeas and nays on the question; and they were
ordered.
Mr. BORLAND. I think there are several
Senators present who are not aware of the char-
acter of the proposition before the Senate, or I
feel sure that no opposition would have been made,
from any quarter, to the amendments, but they
would have received a unanimous vote, because
they commend themselves to the judgment of every
one. There is no possible ground, it seems to
me, for raising an objection to them. I therefore-
ask that the amendments may be read, in order
that Senators who did not know before, may now
know what they are.
They were accordingly read; and the question
being taken by yeas and nays, resulted—yeas 36,
nays none; as follows:
n3£ASr^ess[8' A,danis> Atchison, Borland, Bradbury,
Brodhead, Brooke, Cass, Cathcart, Charlton, Davii, De
S™1®! , ?^e of Wisconsin^Doidge of Iowa,
Downs, Felch, Fish, Hale, Hamlin, Mangum, Morton, Nor-
Sf.'mn '5 ' ,TSt!an' Seward, Shields,Smith, SouU,
andWelleT-U%Cy' Underw00d> Upham, Wade, Walker,
So the amendments were concurred in.
The amendments were then ordered to be en-
grossed and the bill to be read a third time; and
the bill was read a third time and passed.
LANGDON C. EASTON.
On motion by Mr. SHIELDS, the Senate, as i
l£ ~*?™mittee °t 'he Whole, proceeded to consider
«£ • ' rePorted from the Committee on Military !
Affairs, " for the relief of Captain Langdon C. I
taston. Assistant Quartermaster in the United
States Army." It proposes to direct the proper j
officers to credit Captain Langdon C. Easton, in
the settlement of his accounts, the sum of 817,651,
the amount of which he was defrauded by his late I
clerk, Gustavus McHarcourt, while stationed at '
Santa Fe, New Mexico. !
Mr. SHIELDS. I ask that the report may be '
read. It explains the case better than any state- !
ment can do.
The report of theCommittee on Military Affairs
was read, from which it appeared that in April,
1850, Captain Easton was assigned to duty as
Assistant Quartermaster at Santa Fe, having un-
der his direction eleven posts to be supplied with
funds and stores, in addition to which he had
charge of the clothing depot of the 9th military
department. The duties of Assistant Quarter-
master were such as to require the services of a
clerk, and Captain Easton employed in that ca-
pacity Gustavus McHarcourt, who had been for
several years engaged as confidential clerk in the
Pay Department, and was recommended by that
Department as able, competent, and trustworthy.
For twelve months before the commencement of
his peculations, he discharged his duties with hon-
esty and ability. The history of McHarcourt's
frauds is this: On the 27th of February, 1851,
Captain Easton received from Captain Bowman
S175,220, and made an entry of its receipt in the
ooks for that date. McHarcourt abstracted
$5,000, and concealed the fraud by erasing the "5,"
and substituting an "0,"so that the books and
the cash in hand were made to agree. On the
17th of April, 1851, Captain Easton again received
$3,000 from Captain Bowman, and on the 14th of
the same month received $5,000 from Lieutenant
Schroeder. The whole $8,000 were abstracted by
McHarcourt, and these two entries were entirely
erased, whereby the books and cash on hand again
agreed. In April, 1851, he again abstracted #2,350.
He concealed this fraud by passing on Captain
Easton an order from Captain Buford for the full
amount, and his receipt for it, so that from this re-
ceipt and order the books again appeared correct.
They were afterwards discovered to be forgeries.
Finally, McHarcourt abstracted $2,301, and con-
cealed this fraud by filing among the accounts for
the third quarter of 1851, a draft for that amount
"from Lieutenant Schroeder in favor of George
Hay ward, which had been before presented and
paid during the first quarter of 1851.
In September, 1851, Captain Easton, while at
Saint Louis, was notified by the duartermaster
General of the deficiency in his accounts, and it
was then, for the first time, that he discovered, or
even suspected the dishonesty of McHarcourt.
He returned as soon as practicable to Santa Fe, in
pursuit of him, and found that he had absconded
three months before, and taken ship at Mazatlan,
in Mexico. The committee state that they have
examined the books, and have seen the alterations
and erasures. They regard the case as one of
great hardship, and as possessing peculiar claims
to favorable consideration.
Mr. CASS. I do not like to oppose this bill,
but I cannot say that I understand it sufficiently.
It seems to me^hat this case presents a very sin-
gular ground for an application here. The officer
had the appointing of nis own clerk, I presume,
and can it be contended that he should not be re-
sponsible for his acts ? I do not know that that
has ever been settled. I am not aware that we
have ever had such a case before us. An officer
of the Pay Department, appointing his own con-
fidential man, and then coming upon the Govern-
ment for losses occasioned by his acts, it seems
to me it would open a very dangerous precedent;
but still I do not understand the case sufficiently
to speak with any precision upon it.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I rise for the purpose
of saying that I would prefer that this bill should  
lie oyer tor a little while. I can readily perceive
that it will be a very great hardship upon the of-
ficer to make him responsible for the frauds which
may be perpetrated by those that are necessarily
employed in aiding in the discharge of the duties
of his office. The Assistant Commissaries cannot
possibly attend to all the duties of their stations
without help. _ They must have clerks. It would
be physically impossible for them to attend to the
business without such aid; and when they are
constrained, from the nature of their employment,
to have assistance, it would be a very'hard case
indeed to make them responsible for the frauds
perpetrated by those assistants. That is taking the
view favorable to the Commissaries, or Quarter-
masters, or Paymasters, or any other officers of
clwk ernment' W^° ln0*' necessarily employ
But there may be a difficulty resulting from it
on the other side. It may with reason be con-
tended that when an officer has the selection of his
own men, he ought to be constrained to guaranty
