THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
3A> Cont.ress, Session.
THURSDAY, DECEMBER 30, 1852.
New Series No. 11.
iheir fidelity and honesty, so as to avoid the pos-
sibility of fraudulent participation with them in
their fnuulu'ent practices. The toleration of the
pr.iKio'e, therefore, opens the door to some extent
to the practice of frauds. 1 want a little time to
think upon these conflicting propositions, and to see
what principle we ought to set. 1 have had a good
ileal to Jo with the investigation of these claims
for the last fifteen or twenty years, and 1 do not
recollect any case which exactly comes up to
thi*. I therefore think it better to have a little
•ime to considei it, and I prefer that my friend
from IHiP'^is should let it lie over until some other
day.
Mr.SHIELDS. I willdoso,iftheSenator wishes
it, because 1 promised that, if any contest arose,
I would not urge the bill. I might as well state
now, however, that this is a peculiar case, as has
been justly said by honorable .Senators who have
preceded me. It is one that occupied the attention
of the Committee on Military Affairs more than
any case of the kind which ever came before them.
1 think there is a necessity for general legislation
upon the subject, and we intend to propose some-
thingofthat kind, in order to secure, if possible,
officers against frauds of their clerks, and we pro-
pose to do it by requiring security on the part of
the clerks. Some legislation of that sort is neces-
sary; but this is one of the most extraordinary
cases which has ever occurred, and the committee
were unanimous in reporting the bill.
This gentleman was sent to New Mexico im-
mediately after we took possession of that coun-
try, and there were not only double duties, but
innumerable duties imposed upon him as Com-
missary, as Quartermaster, and as Paymaster. He
had to perform the duties of all these stations, and
he sent home for assistance, and the Department
sent to him Mr. McHarcourt as the most able and
most competent person, declaring to him that this
man would aid him in carrying out these nu-
merous and weighty duties. After receiving this
man from Washington, on the recommendation
of the Department, to aid him to expend the
money of the Department, in a duty which he
was not bound to perform, for he was not Pay-
master. and need not have performed the duties of ;
that station, these losses occurred. They are :
stated in the report. I cannot state them more
clearly. It seemed to us to be one of the hardest
cases that could possibly occur.
1 know the officer well, and there is no officer
in the American Army who stands higher than he
does for honesty, integrity, and industry, and no
man has ever served in that country with more
zeal and fidelity than he has. It occurred to us
that this was an extraordinary case, and that, if
some such provision as this was not made, the
officer would be ruined for life, and his family
with him. His prospects would be ruined forever.
Under these circumstances, we felt bound to bring
iaa bill for his relief. However, I will not urge .
the case now, if the Senate are not disposed to
consider it.
Mr. SEWARD. I move that this bill be in-
formally passed over.
Mr. SHIELDS. I do not believe there ia any
objection to the passage of the bill now. If there
is any objection made, and it is persisted in, I will
agree to pass it over.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I nm inclined to vote
for it.
Mr. CASS. So far as I am concerned, I am in
the position of the Senator from Kentucky; I am
inclined to vote for the bill, particularly after the
suggestion made by the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs. I think some general
provision 'like that which he has suggested, is
needed, in regard to security. There is no security
for funds in the hands of any custom-house offi-
cer, or any disbursing officer, if he has a right to
turn the money over to a clerk, and thus be exon-
erated from the very responsibility intended to be j
metbyhim. It is necessary, therefore, that when i
the public monev goes into the hands of a third j
person, he should be required to give the same I
security as the principal himself. 1
II
Mr. SEWARD. I shall be prepared to vote
for this bill whenever it comes up again.
Mr. SHIELDS. I called up this bill at a for-
mer session, and it was passed over on account of
some objection; but I do not see that any addi-
tional light can be thrown upon the subject. I hope
it may be disposed of now, unless some Senator
wishes to discuss its merits.
Mr. HALE. Let it pass.
Mr. WALKER. Let us have the vote.
Mr. CLARKE. I hope it will pass now.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third retding, and was read the third time and
passed.
SARAH CRANDALT..
Mr. SEWARD. It is customary for Senators,
when they ask for the consideration of bills, to
state how many favors they have asked, and how
much they are indebted to the Senate for favors.
I have never had and never asked a favor of the
Senate of the United States. I beg leave to ask
one now, and that is, that the Senate will take up
the bill for the relief of Sarah Crandall, widow of
James Coon, a revolutionary soldier. It has passed
the House, and been reported upon favorably by
the committee of the Senate. I move that that bill
be taken up for consideration.
The motion was agreed to, Rnd theSennte, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill. It proposes todirect the Secretary of the
Interior to place the name of Sarah Crandall,
widow of James Coon, deceased, on the list of
revolutionary pensioners, at the rate of eight dol-
lars per month, to commence February 20, 1849.
At the request of Mr. Weller, the report of
the Committee on Pensions was read; from which
it appears that the case has been favorably reported
upon twice heretofore, viz: on January % 1851,
and February, 1849. The latter reportstates these
facts;
The petitioner was married to James Coon as
early as the year 1790; Coon died in 1799; and
his widow afterwards married Jasper Crandall,
who died a few years since, leaving the petitioner
again a widow. It is claimed by the petitioner
that James Coon, her first husband, was a soldier
in the revolutionary war, and served in Colonel
Warner's regiment, which was raised principally
in Connecticut, and that he enlisted for three
years, and continued on duty during that time.
The certificate of the Comptroller of the State of
Connecticut shows that, according to the records
in that office, James Coon served in the revolu-
tionary war and in Warner's regiment twenty-
three months and ten days. The Commissioner
of Pensions rejected the petitioner'a application for
a pension under the general laws, on the ground
that the proof was insufficient to identify her hus-
band with the James Coon who was shown by
the record to have served nearly two years, it
appears from the records in the Comptroller's office
that there were two individuals bearing the name
of James Coon on the roll of Warner's regiment—
one was a lieutenant, and the other was denom-
inated "fifer." The first application of the peti-
tioner to the Pension Office stated that her husband
enlisted as a private soldier at Hopkinton, Rhode
Island. Her papers were found defective, and it
became necessary fo* her to seek record evidence
of the services of her husband. She applied at the
office of tKe Comptroller of Connecticut, and re-
ceived a certificate of the services of James Coon,
the lieutenant, which she presented to the Pension
Office as proof of the services of her husband. It
was subsequently ascertained that the lieutenant
was a resident of Salisbury, Connecticut, and not
of Hopkinton, Rhode Island, where the petition-
er's husband resided at the time of hie enlistment.
She was then notified that there was another
James Coon attached to Warner's regiment, who
appeared by the rolls to have been a musician.
The Commissioner of Pensions required her, in
order to prov« the identity 6f her husband with
the James Coon last mentioned, to produce the
testimony of " two or more witnesses who were
themselves in service with him, and whose names
were found on the same rolls." This testimony
could not be procured. The petitioner was not
married to Coon until after the close of his ser-
vices in the army; she resided both before and
after the marriage in the State of New York, at a
distance from the place of his enlistment and ser-
vices; and he died nearly fifty years ago; it is not
surprising, therefore, that she should have sup-
posed that the first certificate of the Comptroller
related to the services of her husband.
The committee having examined a large maKS
of testimony filed in the case, are satisfied of the
services of the petitioner's husband in the revolu-
tionary war, and of his identity with the James
Coon last above-mentioned. William Barrett tes-
tifies that he was present at Hopkinton, Rhode
Island, whan they were enlisting soldiers for three
years or during the war; that petitioner's husband
enlisted and went into the army, where he re-
mained during the term of his enlistment. Isaac
Whittlesey testifies that he was present at the
same time and place, and that James Coon en-
listed, as above stated, for three years; that the
person who had the enlisting orders was from
Connecticut; and that Coon joined Warner's regi-
ment, was gone more than three years, and after
his return married the petitioner. Many wit-
nesses also testify to their knowledge that the pe-
titioner's husband was absent and in the army for
three years or thereabout; they recollect his de-
parture to and his return from the service, and hia
removal, soon after his return, to the State of New
York, where he was married to the petitioner.
The committee being satisfied by the testimony
filed in the case, in connection with the record
evidence mentioned, that the facts set forth in the
petition are substantiated, and are such as to en-
title her to a pension, reported a bill for that pur-
pose.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be read a third time,
and was read a third time and passed.
Mr. MANGUM. I think it is perfectly appa-
rent that we are to make no progress with the
public business to-day. It is evident that we shall
shortly be without a quorum, and under the cir-
cumstances, I think the public interest requires
the motion which I make, that the Senate do now
adjourn.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. HAMLIN. I desire to submit a motion
to proceed to the consideration of Executive busi-
ness, and I do it at the request of a particular
friend of the Senator from North Carolina.
Mr. MANGUM. I withdraw my motion.
Mr. HAMLlN. I move that the Senate go
into Executive session.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of Executive business;
and after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, December 2ft, 1852.
The House met at twelve o'clock, in. Prayer
by the Rev. James Gallaher.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. APPLETON, of Massachusetts, presented
the credentials of the Hon. Lorenzo Sabine,
elected a Representative from the Fourth Congres-
sional district of the State of Massachusetts, to
supply the vacancy occasioned by the deceasa of
the Hon, Benjamin Thompson. Mr. Sabinl
thereupon appeared at the bar of the House, and
was duly qualified by the Speaker.
REPORTS PROM COMMITTEES.
The SPEAKER stated that the first business
before the House was the consideration of the fol-
lowing resolution, submitted on yesterday by Mr.
Harris, of Tennessee:
" Resolved, That it shall be the standing and special or-
der of this House, after to-day, to call the committees tor
such reports as shall not give rise to debate, until all tha
1 committees shall b« called ; and if any report shall be made
to which objection is offered, such report shall not be r«-
