1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
163
to the attention of the House the existing state of
things.
Mr. STANLY. I understood the gentleman
from Michigan to find fault with the gentleman
from South Carolina, because he objected to doing
this act of good, by passing this present bill, be-
cause he could not do good to anybody else, and 1
to deny the logic, or morality of that sort of logic,
while at the same time he went on to make a strong
common-sense speech—which that gentleman in-
dulges in most frequently—and a most excellent;
argument upon the importance of adhering to the ;
regular order of business, in which I most fully i
concur.
Mr. STUART. If the gentleman will allow me,
if I have done it on this occasion, I am not in the
habit of arguing both sides of the question. I ob-
jected to the mode of reasoning of the gentleman
from South Carolina, that we should not do this
thing, because we could not do everything else.
Mr. ORR The gentleman misunderstood me.
That was not my mode of reasoning.
Mr. STUART. Well, that was the ground
upon which I understood the gentleman to object
to this bill, and it was to that ground I took ex-
ceptions.
Mr. STANLY. I have no desire to criticise
the gentleman's argument, or to detect him in any I
inconsistency. I thank him for again calling the i:
attention of the House to the great importance of j!
adhering strictly to the rules of the House in the
transaction of our business. Now, sir, I have;
within the last week objected a dozen times to the <
introduction of propositions out of order, and then t
have frequently withdrawn the objection from the
personal appeals of members. It is my opinion |
that if half a dozen members will agree to object j
to everything out of order, we will do more busi- j;
tiets in three months than we did in the whole of'
the last session. But if we yield to this friend or j
that, and allow this matter or that to pass, we \
shall never get along with the public business, j:
Why, here it is, now, ten minutes to one o'clock, ]'
and we are still arguing the question of referring jj
the bill of the gentleman from New York to the
Committee on Commerce. I do not wish to ob-
ject to that bill. I believe it ought to pass; but if
we go on iff this manner, taking bills up out of
their order, we shall get nothing done by the end
of the session. Now, I say in advance—and I
beg pardon of the House for doing it—that here-
after f will object to anything being taken up out
of its order. I do this, not from any desire to
thwart gentlemen in getting through any of their
biNs, but from a sense of duty and a desire to
advance the public business. There are bills upon
your table, Mr. Speaker, of much importance—
some of them extending relief to widows and or-
phans—and unless we adhere rigidly to the rules,
we shall never reach them. I am very glad to see
my friend from Michigan taking the lead in this
(natter. If he will continue on in the same path,
I will be his lieutenant in trying to push forward
the transaction of the public business.
Mr. COBB. With a view of carrying out the
wishes of both the gentlemen from Michigan and
North Carolina, and my own also, in facilitating
the public business, I move the previous question.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. I ask the gen-
tleman from Alabama [Mr. Cobb] to withdraw
his call for the previous question for a moment,
that I may state briefly to the House the faftts of
CSS6
[Several Voices. "No!" "No!" "No!"]
Mr. COBB. I should like to oblige the gentle-
man very much, as it is always my pleasure to do,
but I hear no, no, all around me.
Mr. SEYMOUR. I will detain the House but
a moment.
Mr. COBB. I withdraw the call, then, for a
moment.
Mr. SEYMOUR. I wish to state, in just one
moment, the reasons why I seconded the move of
my colleague in this matter. The bill referred to,
is one of a general character. There are no names
of individuals, who have lost goods by the fire of
1835, known to the committee. So it is in relation
to California. They are scattered all over the
"country. All individual cases which come to us,
are reported upon as individual claims, and go upon
the calendar; but these bills, when reported, pro-
pose to constitute two commissioners, for the pur-
pose of ascertaining who these persons, scattered
all over the country, are, that they may get back
the money which they have paid in to the Treasury,
for goods which have been destroyed by fire, while
in original packages. That is the whole of it. I
have no solicitude about it, other than what arises
from the general weal.
I wish to say further, that there is a bill now
pending in the Senate, introduced by the honor-
able Senator from California, [Mr. Gwin,] provid-
ing, byageneral law, for all these cases. If that
bill shall pass the Senate, and come in here, it is
the intentiorf of the Committee on Commerce to
adopt that as a general bill, instead of the particular
bills. JBht, as there is a doubt whether that will
be done, we desire that this bill may be referred
back to us, so that New York claimants and
California claimants may be put upon the same
footing. I say New York and California claim-
ants, but they are unknown to the committee, and
are scattered all over this country. They are
claims for goods destroyed in the original pack-
ages in which they were imported, and where the
Government has retained the duties which were
paid upon them.
I renew the call for the previous question.
Mr. McMULLIN. I desire to know what the
question is before the House, upon which the pre-
vious question is called ?
The SPEAKER. The question is upon the
adoption of the resolution offered by the gentleman
from New York, to take a certain bill from the
Committeeof the Whole on the stateof theUnion,
and refer it to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. McMULLIN. Will it be in order to
move to refer it to a Committee of the Whole
House ?
The SPEAKER. If the demand for the previ-
ous question were not pending, it would be. *
Mr. HUNTER. I wish to ask the Chair if
it would not be in order to move to lay the reso-
lution upon the table, in order to get back to the
right point, and start upon business which gentle-
men want to get at, on all sides r
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it would.
Mr. HUNTER. Then 1 move to lay it upon
the table. "
The question was then taken, and the-motion
was agreed to.
So the resolution was laid upon the table.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
The SPEAKER. The next question before
the House is upon the adoption of the resolution
offered on yesterday by the gentleman from Ten-
nessee, [Mr. Harris.]
Mr. HARRIS. I do not hope to accomplish
anything by the unanimous consent of this House;
however, to meet the objections of some of my
friends, I have drawn up a resolution, which may
be read; and if the House will give its unanimous
consent to it, I am willing that it should be voted
upon in lieu of the resolution which I offered yes-
terday. It effects the same object, and meets the
objections.
'The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the ori-
ginal resolution, and the proposed substitute.
The original resolution was then read, as fol-
lows:
"Retohed, Thatit-shaU be the standing and special ordrr
Of this House, after to-day, to call the committee* for such
reports as shall notsrive rise to debate, until all the commit-
tees shall he called ; and if any report shall be made to
which objection is offered, such report shall not be received,
but shall remain until the committees are regularly called
ander the role of this House."
The proposed substitute was then read, as fol-
lows:
Retohei, That it shall be the standing and special order
of this House, after to-day, to call the committees for re-
ports until all the committees have been once called: Pro-
vided, That no bill or resolution reported under this order
shall be put upon itspaisago, unless by the unanimous con-
sent of the House: Provided farther, That any bill reported
and proposed «o be put upon its passage, if objected to,
may be withdrawn by the gentleman offering it.
The SPEAKER. Is it the unanimous pleasure
of the House to vote upon the second proposition
instead of the first? t
Mr. STANLY. I could not hear the proposi-
tion read here, and therefore I object.
Mr. JONES. It is what you desire.  
Mr. STANLY. I do not know whether it is
or not- •
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Will it be in order
to move to reconsider the vote by which the main
question was ordered, that we may refuse to sec-
ond the call for the previous question, to enable
the substitute to be introduced ? I think that sub-
stitute would meet the objections made by gentle-
men yesterday, and will relieve all the members of
this House of their reports, and not place it in the
power of any one individual, by objecting, to pre-
vent a report from being made.
The SPEAKER. The previous question has
been executed in part, and the Chair has doubts
whether it can be reconsidered.
Mr. McMULLIN. Is it in order to move to
Uy the whole subject upon the table ?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. McMULLIN. I submit that motion.
Mr. ORR. Upon that motion I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Beale and
Clingmam appointed.
The question was then taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 67, noes 48; no quorum voting.
Mr. DOTY. I ask for the yeas and nays upon
the motion.
The SPEAKER. The calling of yeas and nays
being a part of the business of the House, cannot
be done without a quorum of the House.
Mr. INGERSOLL. If it be in order, I move
that the House adjourn.
Mr. DEAN. 1 ask for the yeas and nays upon
the adjournment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken, and there were—
yeas 19, nays 110. '
So the House refused to adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs upon
the motion to lay the whole subject upon the table,
upon which tellers were ordered.
Messrs. Ingersoll and Gatlord were ap-
pointed tellers; and the question being taken, the
tellers reported—ayes 45, noes 58; no quorum
voting again.
Mr. STUART. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. There is no quorum voting,
and the yeas and nays cannot be ordered, in the
opinion of the Chair, when there is less than a
quorum present.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I rise to a privileged
question. I move that the House adjourn.
Mr. STUART*- I rise to a question of order.
It is this: whether I was not in order in calling for
the yeas and nays before the Chair announced th«
result upon the division, it not being then, ascer-
tained that there was no quorum?
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not hear the
call for the yeas and nays, until after he had an-
nounced the result.
Mr. STUART. I did it before the Chair an-
nounced the result, and my object was to avoid
the difficulty. Before the Chair has announced
the result, it is not ascertained that there is no
quorum, and it is in order to demand the yeas and
nays.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I rise to a question of
order. I desire to know if my motion is to be
delayed by any question of order.' I moved that
the House adjourn.
Mr. HARRIS. I demand tellers upon the mo-
tion to adjourn.
Mr. TAYLOR. I demand the yeas ana nays
upon the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. RICHARDSON. As this is not the kind
of entertainment I wish—the taking of yeas and
navs—I withdraw the motion to adjourn.
The SPEAKER. If it be not objected to, the
Chair will again divide the House upon the mo-
tion to jay the whole subject upon the table.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I object.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I ask for the
yeas and nays upon that motion.
The SPEAKER. The yeas and nays cannot
be demanded, as there is no quorum present.
Mr. STEPHENS. I would call the Speaker's
attention to that clause of the Constitution, which
provides, that " the yeas and nays of the members
f either House on any question shall, at the de-
sire of one fifth of those present, be entered on
the Journal."
The SPEAKER. If the Chair has committed
an error in the decision which he gave last session
upon this point, and which was sustained by this
body by a very large majority, it will certainly be
proper for the House to correct him. The Chair
begs leave to say that the Constitution requires a
majority of the whole number of this body to
do business. One fifth of that number is com-
petent to order the yeas and nays upon a matter
of business to be done. Less than a quorum may
