1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
165
of the Senate. His speech will be found in the
\npenili\-
The memorials were then referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
REPORTS FRO>J STANDING COMMU'TEES.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee oil Com-
merce, to which was referred the petition of Henry
W. Kuhtmann, reported a bill authorizing the
Secretary of [he Tieasury to issue a new register
to the iMiip Prentice, and change her name to
that of Leonre: winch was read a first and second
time by its title, and considered as in Committee
of the Whoie. No amendment being made, it
was reported to the Senate, ordered to a third
rendu1?. read a third time, and passed.
Mr. BRODriEAD, from the Committee on
Claims, to which was referred the petition of Ann
Dudley, submitted nil adverse report thereon;
which was ordeied to be printed.
Mr. BRADBURY, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to which were referred documents rela-
ting to the claims of the States of Maine and Mas-
sachusetts, submitted a report, accompanied by a
bill to remunerate the States of Maine and Mas-
sachusetts for lands conveyed to enable the United
States to fulfill stipulations in the treaty of Wash-
ington; which was read and passed to a second
reading. The report was ordered to be printed.
> afetv of steamboat passengers.
Mr. DAVIS. The Committee on Commerce,
to which the subject was referred, have instructed
me to report •' A joint resolution allowing, in cer-
tain cases, to the owners of steamers further time
to make the necessary preparations to bring their
vessels within the provisions of an act entitled ' An
act to amend an act entitled An act to provide for
;he better security of the lives of passengers on
' oard of vessels propelled in whole or part by
steam, and &>r other purposes,' approved August
.'iflth, lN)0;" which I ask may be considered at this
time.
The resolution was read a first and second time,
and considered by the Senate as in Committee of
the Whole. It proposes to resolve, that if any
inspector of steamers, appointed under the act of
Aug-ust 30th, lt52, be not furnished seasonably
with the necessary means of discharging his
duty, or if lie shad be satisfied, when an enrolled,
licensed, or registered steamer is inspected by him,
and found deficient in the requirements made by
that act, that those omissions are not occasioned
by any fauit or neglect of the owner or master, ;
he may grant such further reasonable time, after
that act goes into effect, as he may deem sufficient,
with due diligence, to make all the necessary prep-
arations: provided the time allowed shall in no
case exceed ninety days; and that no vessel al-
lowed further time for preparation shall be liable
to seizure orto any penalty, during the time speci-
fied, for any deficiency intended to be covered by
the extension of time granted by the inspectors.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, 1 beg leave to
state to the Senate, that it has been represented by
petition, r.nda'so by communications received from
the inspectors, that they are not themselves quite
prepared, the necessary instruments not having
been, in some instances, placed in their hands, to
make the tests required by the law as early as
the first of January; and that there are many
steamers which, from good reasons, are not pre-
pared to come under the law, not having yet com-
plied with the provisions which are necessary.
This resolution makes provision that in all such
cases the inspectors may extend the time, not
exceeding ninety days. It is necessary that the
resolution should be passed immediately, and I
hope the Senate will pass it and send it to the
House to-day
The resolution was reported to the Senate with-
out amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read a third time, and passed.
message from the house.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives by Mr. P. B. Haves, its Chief
Clerk, announcing* that it had passed a joint res-
olution from the Senate in relation to the census
returns from the State of California, without
amendment.
bill introduced.
Mr. BRODHEAD,agreeably to previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill making
further provision against counterfeiting the current
coin of the United States, and passing the same;
which was read and passed to the second reading,
and ordered to be printed.
superintendent of public printing.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives by Mr. Hays, its Chief Clerk,
announcing that it had passed a joint resolution
author.zing the employment of two clerks and one
messenger in the office of the Superintendent of
Public Printing, iti which it requested the concur-
rence of the Senate.
Mr. BORLAND. Mr. President, it is import-
ant that that resolution should be acted upon now,
in oider to enable the Superintendent to peiform
his du ies. I therefore move that it be taken up
for consideration.
The motion was agreed to, and the resolution
was read a first and second time, and considered
as in Committee of the Whole. It is to authorize
the Superintendent of Public Printing to employ
two cleiks.atan annual compensation of $1,500
each, and one messenger at three dollars per day,
being the annual compensation and per diem al-
lowed to clerks and messengers in the office of the
Secretary of the Senate and of the Clerk of the
House of Representatives.
Mr. BORLAND. Mr. President, I ha'vebuta
few words to say in explanation of the character
and necessity of this resolution. Under the act
passed at the last session regulating the mode of
executing our public printing, provision was made
for the appointment of a Superintendent of the
Public Printing; but there was an omission in that
bill. I-ca'led the attention of the Senate to it at
the tiir.e. I stated that it was impossible for any
single individual to peiform the duties required of
the Superintendent by that bill. I was then of the
opinion that it would' take at least six persons to
perforin those duties; but the Superintend-nt,
after having systemized his business very well,
thinks that lie can perform his duties with two
clerks and one messenger. The Committee on
Printing had the subject before them, and author-
ized the introduction of this joint resolution into the
other House. It has passed there, and ha.i now
come to the Senate. It is indispensable that some-
thing of this sort should be done to enable the
Superintendent to perform his duties. We all
must perceive that under our new system the pub-
lic printing is done remarkably well, and with
great promptitude—much better and much quicker
than we have ever had it done before; and this
resolution is indispensable to enable the Superin-
tendent and Public Printer to go on and present
the work to us as they have done.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I did not hear very dis-
tinctly the reading of the resolution. Does it pro-
vide for two clerks?
Mr. BORLAND. It provides for two clerks
and one messenger. I would say to my friend
from Pennsylvania, that I was astonished that the
Superintendent of Printing could perform his
duties with that assistance.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I have nothing more to
say. I yield to. the honorable Senator from Ar-
kansas, who understands this subject so well.
Mr. CASS. I presume these officers are very
necessary, and I merely rose to ask the chairman,
or some member of the Committee on Printing, in
consequence of what I saw had been stated in
the otuer House, whether the appointment of
these two clerks will not render unnecessary the
continuance of the clerk to the Committee on
Printing. If the committee say that this assist-
ance is necessary to enable the Superintendent of
Public Printing to discharge his duties, I have no
objection; but it was stated in the House that they
would do precisely the duties now done by the
clerk of the Committee on Printing.
Mr. BORLAND. I cannot answer very con-
fidently, at this time, the question of the Senator;
but it is very probable, that after this session, the
committee wili be enabled to dispense with the ser-
vices of their clerk. The committee, however, can-
not dispense with his services during this session, |
because there is a great deal of business under the
old system which has yet to be closed up and fin-
ished. Until we have had an opportunity to see
fully the workings of the new system developed, we
cannot tell whether or not we shall be enabled ,to
dispense with our clerk. Under a resolution passed
at the last session, he is to be continued through
this Congress; but if after this session, the com-
! mittee find that they can dispense with his ser-
vices, they will not ask for his further continu-
ance.
The resolution was reported to the Senate with-
out amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a
third time, and passed.
roads in oregon territory.
Mr. SHIELDS. I wish to call up a bill in re-
lation to Oregon Territory, which passed the
House at the last session. When it came into
this body at that time, it was very much urged,
but it was said that there was not time to considtr
it. As Oregon h.\s 110 representative here, I hope
it will be treated with some degree of liberality. I
therefore move that the Senate take up the bill
from the'House, " for the construction of military
roads in Oregon Territory."
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the bill as in Committee of the
Whole. It proposes to appropriate §20,000 for
the construction of a roatl from Stilacoomb, on
Pixel's Sound, to Fort Wallawalla; and $20,000
for the construction of a road from the mouth of
Myrtle Creek, on the Umpqua river, to Camp
Stuart, ill Rogue River Valley.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a
third time, and passed.
osborn cross.
.Mr. SHIELDS. I wish to call up another
H ouse hill, which I think will give rise to no con-
test. If it does, I will consent to its being post-
poned. My purpose is to get clear of the docket
as fast as possible. I move to take up the bill
" fur the relief of Osborn Cross, of the United
States Army."
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill. It proposes to direct the Secretary of the
Treasury, in adjusting the accounts of Osborn
Cross, a Quartermaster in the United States Army,
to give him credit for a sum equal to the amount
of the Treasury notes of which he was robbed in
New Orleans, on the 8th of October, 1842, to wit:
About <j6,603 92; after deducting the amount re-
covered from the robbers, about $3,338 45.
A t the request of several Senators the report of the
Committee on Claims of the House of Represent-
atives was read, from which it appeared that Os-
born Cross, as Quartermaster, received October 7,
1842, three drafts from the Government, amounting
in the aggregate to $34,000, one of them for f 10,600
being on account of the Commissary department
to pay to Peters & Miller, of New Orleans, a debt
which was due to them, and he received the change
in Treasury notes to the amount of over $6,000.
He endeavored to place thoseTreasury notes in the
Union Bank of New Orleans, which was the usual
depository of Government fundson general deposit,
so that they, being needed for immediate and con-
stant use,mightbedrawnon. Butthe bankrefused
to receive them on deposit. On the 8th of October,
1842, before leaving his office, he locked up those
funds, together with some $300 of private funds,
in an iron safe, the best that could be procured.
It appears that four negro men had entered into ft
conspiracy to rob the office. One of them, named
Tom, had been employed about the office for some
weeks previously. He had made arrangements
to conceal another negro, George, in the store-
room on the lower floor, which communicated
with the office. He was so concealed, and after
the office was locked up, went out through the
back door and shortly afterwafcs returned, and
succeeded in opening the safe containing the
funds, and liflea it of its contents. Quartermaster
i Cross, as soon as he ascertained the robbery,
exerted and continued to exert every effort to
recover the money and detect the robbers, and
notified the Treasury of the United States of the
robbery and the exact Treasury notes lost. He.
succeeded in a few days in recovering a por-
tion of the notes, to the amount of over $3,000.
The balance he could not recover. A court of
' inquiry was called, and held a short time after-
wards, at his own instance, to investigate his con-
duct in the premises. The court was held at New
Orleans, November 29,1842, and after taking a
good deal of testimony and examining the case,
i they found th * i>ntaT. Osborn Cross took all the
j usual and riece&sary precaution for the  afe-keep-
ing of the public funds in his possession, and that
