1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
173
present t!ie true state of things as tlrty occur upon
this rlooi.
Speeches .vie uuule here, as all know, to take a
common-sens^ view of the matter, not to enlighten
the public. We are too modest servants ot the
public, to pretend that we undertake |§ enlighten
the public upon any subject. [Laughter.] They
are not made to enlighten this House, fhat is
not the purpose. The object is simply 
Mr. GAYLORD. Buncombe.
Mr. EWING, Ves, Buncombe; that is the
idea, a whole volume in a word. Then it is un-
iust, it is unfair that our laborious friends from
the North, to whom it is no trouble to write, who
are in the habit of writing all their lives long, who
love to write, who keep their rooms steadily, who
do not go to the Departments to attend to pension
papers, and to look after the little post offices
which covers the whole range of business outside
of this House, nominally:—[laughter;]—I say it
is unequal and unfair that those northern friends
.if ours should have this advantage, and write long
speeches. There is no one-hour rule upon written
speeches, and I have seen seven-hour speeches in
ihe Congressional Globe, professing to have been
made upon this floor under the one-hour rule. I
think one hour is long enough for any man to
speak, and too long for any man to write; and it is
unfair that those who love to write as they do,
should have this advantage of sending Buncombe
speeches home, and making the impression upon
ihe minds of their people at home and ours that
they can speak, when they do not speak, [laugh-
ter,] and that they can speak better than the rest
of us; which they might, perhaps, if they tried—
but when they do not speak at all. [Laughter.]
It is unfair and unjust in every sense of the word—
m a party sense, in a social, private, and individual
sense. It is an imposition upon their constituents
at home, who, if they only knew it, would com-
plain; but, poor fellows, they do not know it yet.
[Laughter.] I hopeafter this discussion that they
will be aware of it.
Mr. DEAN. I move the previous question.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw that motion a moment. I want to make
an explanation. If the gentleman will not allow
me to make the explanation, I hope he will let me
write it out. [Laushter.]
Mr. DEAN. I cannot withdraw it.
The question being upon seconding the demand
for the previous question,
Mr. ORR demanded tellers; which were not
ordered.
Mr. SWEETSER. I move to lay the whole
subject upon the table.
Mr. STANLY. I call for the yeas and nays
upon that question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken, and there were—
yeas 44, nays 92; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, John Appleton, Thomas H.
Bayly. Brag*, Breekinridse, Alberts. Brown, Buell, Bus-
hy, Joseph Cable, Chastain, Disney, Dunham, Ficklin,
Floyd, Gaylord, Gidding", Gilmore, Grow, Hibbar.1, How-
ard, Ives, John Johnson, Hubert W.Johnson, Preston King,
Letcher, McMullin, Molony, Morrison, Murray, Newton,
Peaslee. Penn, Penniman, Powell, Riehardson, Smart,
Abraham P. Stephens, Alexander H. Stephens, Sweetscr,
Thurston, Town-hend, Venable, Add-on White, and Wil-
dnck—44.
VATS—Mews. Abercrombie. Aiken, William Apple-
ton, Averett, Barrere, Brale, Bell, Bocock, Bome, liron-
ton, Briggs, Burrows, Caldwell, Lewis D. Campbell, Jo-
seph R. Chandler, Chapman, Churchwell, Clark, Clemens,
flineman, Cobb, funis. Darby. George T. Davis, Join G.
Davis. Dean, Dockery, Holy, Duncan, Eastman, Edmund-
 on, Ewing, Faulkner, Freeman. Thomas J. I). Fuller,
Goodenow, Grey. Hall, Harper, Jsliam G. Harris, Sampson
W. Harris, Hascali, Haven, Hebard, Hendricks, Hillyer,
John W. Howe, Thomas M, Howe, Hunter. Ingersoll, Jack-
son, Andrew Johnson, James Johnson, George W . Jones,
Kurtz, Lockhart, Martin. Meacliam, Miller, Millson, John
Moore, Morehead, Murphy, Nabers, Orr, Samuel W. Par-
ker, Perkins, Porter, Pre-ton, Kiddle, Robie, Ross, Sabine,
Savage. Scudder, David L. Seymour, Origin H Sevinour,
Stanlv, Benjamin Stanton, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard
H. gianton, Stuart, Taylor, Walbridge, Wallace, Walsh,
Ward, Watkms. Welch, Wilcox, Williams, and Wood-
•vard—CH2.
So the House refused to lay upon the table.
Mr. STEPHENS, ofGeorgia. Has the amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from North Caro-
lina [Mr. Stanly] been acted upon ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from North
Carolina proposes to modify his resolution by a
proviso. The resolution and proviso will be read.
They were then read, as follows:
•' Rnolred. That the reporter* of the Home of Repre-
sentatnes be directed hereafter not to report, in the Daily
Globe, a> pan of the proceedings of the House, speeches
not made in the House, unless In leu\e of the House: Pro-
vided, That nothing in this resolution shall prevent any
member from correcting or revising tiic reporter's notes.''
Mr. STEPHENS. Will the gentleman further
amend it by inserting, "and Congressional Globe,"
after the words " Daily Globe
Mr. STANLY. I have no objection to accept-
ing that amendment.
The previous question was then seconded, and
the main question ordered to be put.
The question was then taken upon the adoption
of the resolution as modified, and it was decided
in the affirmative.
So the resolution Vas adopted.
Mr. STANLY moved to reconsider the vote
just taken, and also to lay the motion to reconsider
upon the table; which latter motion was agreed to.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
The SPEAKER. The pending question, when
the House adjourned yesterday, was a motion to
lay upon the table the resolution offered by the
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Harri*.] Upon
the vote to lay the resolution upon the table there
appeared to be no quorum. The gentleman from
Georgia [Mr. Stephen's] demanded the yeas and
nays. The Chair decided that as there was no
quorum present, it was not competent for the
House to take a vote upon the motion to lay upon
the table, and that therefore it was not in order to
order the yeas and nays upon it. From Jhat de-
cision the gentleman from Georgia toojc an appeal,
and that is the question pending. The gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. Clemens] moved to lay the
appeal upon the table.
The question might arise, and does arise here,
whether or not, as there is a quorum now present,
the question does not fall.
Mr. STEPHENS. As the question involved
is an important constitutional one, and the House
is thin, 1 will withdraw the appeal and take it up
some other day.
[Mr. CLARK here asked leave to introduce a
resolution, with the request that it might be read
for information. Objection beingmade, leave was
not granted.]
The SPEAKER. The question is upon laying
the resolution upon the table.
The resolution was then read, as follows:
" Resolved, That it shall be the standing and special order
of this House, after to-day, to call the committees for such
reports as shall not give rise to debate, until all the commit-
tees shall be called; and if any report shall be made to which
objection is offered, such report shall not be received, but
shall remain until the committees are regularly-called under
the rule of this House."
Mr. HARRIS. The gentleman from North
Carolina [Mr. Stanly] objected yesterday to my
offering a substitute, which was read at the Clerk s
table, upon the ground that he could not hear it.
As he has had an opportunity of seeing it since, I
hope he will not now object. 1 ask again unani-
mous consent to offer it as a substitute for the
original resolution.
The proposed substitute was then read, as fol-
lows:
" Resoh-ed, That it shall be tlic standing and special order
of this House, after to-dav, to call the committees for re-
ports until all the committees have been once called: Pro-
vided, That no bill or resolution reporled under this order
shall be put upon its passage, unless by the unanimous con-
sent of the House : Provided further. That any lull reported
and proposed to be put upon its passage, if objected to, may-
be withdrawn by the gentleman offering it.-'
Mr. STUART. " I wish to inquire of the Chair,
if, after this week, the first business in order will
not be the call of committees for reports ?
The SPEAKER. It will after the 5th of Jan-
uary, except on Mondays.
Mr. STUART. I therefore object to any mod-
ification of it. _ .
The SPEAKER. The question is upon laying
the resolution upon the table, and upon that the
yeas and nays are demanded.
Mr. STEPHENS. I will not insist upon the
yeas and nays, and withdraw the call.
The House was then diwded upon the motion,
and there were—ayes 71, when
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee, demanded tellers;
which were ordered; and IN^essrs. Bb&l£ afid Gay-
lord were appointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 67, noes 39; no quorum voting.
Mr. ORR. 1 call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. McMULLIN. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. STUART. I demand the yeas and nays
on the motion to adjourn.
Mr. .ORR. I called for the yeas and nays on
the motion to lay on the table, before the vote was
announced.
The SPEAKER. The Chair was bound to re-
port the result.
The yeas and nays on the motion to adjourn
were not ordered, only 17 having seconded thede-
mand.
Mr. APPLETON. I demand tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
The question was then taken, and the motion to
adjourn was decided in the affirmative.
And thereupon the House adjourned till to-mor-
row at twelve, m.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions, &c., were presented under Die
rule, and referred to the appropriate committees :
By Mr. MILLSON: The petition of W. Wallace Davis,
as agent and attorney of F. G. Rosario, a Portuguese sub-
ject, praying indemnity for illegal imprisonment, under au-
thority of the United States.
By Mr. EASTMAN: The petition of James B, Este ,
for compensation for property taken for the use of troops iu
Wisconsin, in Black Hawk's war in 1832.
On motion hv Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York, under the
rule, ordered, that the papers of General John E. Wool be
withdrawn from the files of the House, and referred to tUf
Committee on Military Affairs.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, December 30, 1852.
Prayer by the Rev. James Gallaher.
THE JACKSON STATUE.
The PRESIDENT pro tem. laid before the Sen-
ate a letter from the Committee of Arrangements
of the Jackson Monument Association, inviting
the Senate and its officers to attend the ceremonies
of the inauguration of the Eauestrian Statue of
General Andrew Jackson, on the eighth day of
January next.
PROPOSED LUNATIC ASYLUM.
The PRESIDENT pro tem. laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Secretary of the Interior, com-
municating, in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate, information as to the steps taken to estab-
lish a Lunatic Asylum in the District of Colum-
bia; which was ordered to lie on the table, and be
printed.
VOLUNTEER CLAIMS.
The PRESIDENT pro tem. laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the board appointed for the exam-
ination of claims against the United States for
funds advanced, and subsistence and supplies fur-
nished or taken for the use of, the volunteers un-
der the command of Captain John C. Fremont, in
California, during the year 1846; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. CASS presented the petition of David P.
Weeks, praying to be allowed a pension for the
time he was employed in the Ordnance Depart-
ment, the law not allowing pay and pension both;
which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
Mr. GWIN presented a petition of citizens of
California, praying the erection of a light-house in
San Pedro Bay, Ca'ifornia; which was referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. MORTON submitted an additional docu-
ment in the case of Isaac Varnes, senior; which
was referred to the Committee on Claims,
MARINE HOSPITAL MONEY.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask the permission of the Sen-
ate to present the petition of R. B. Forbes, andot
merchants, underwriters, and others, of Boston,
interested in the welfare of our mercantile marine.
They pray that the tax now exacted from seamen,
under the name of "hospital money," be abol-
ished; that a statement be made to Congress oi
the amount received as " hospital money" since
the establishment of the Government, and of the
amount thus collected which has been expended
for the support of marine hospitals; that a com-
mittee be appointed by Congress to take into con-
sideration, and to report to the next Congress, a
plan for the establishment of naval schools in our
principal Atlantic ports, for the education of youth
for the mercantile marine; and that the law requir-
ing that two thirds of the men composing the
