174
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 80,
crews of American sbips shall consist of American
citizens, be repealed.
I have also a similar petition from the presidents
of various insurance companies-, and an additional
petition of the same tenor, largely signed, and on
the same subject, which I ask may be referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
They were so referred.
Mr. DAVIS subsequently submitted the fol-
lowing resolution; which was considered by unan-
imous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Tremrary be re-
quested to lay before the Senate, ttau amountof marine hos-
pital money connected annually from seamen, since a law
authorising the same has been in force; also all sums of
money appropriated by Congress for such hospitals, wheth-
er for the purchase of sites or for any other purpose, dt'.sie
nating the places where, and the purposes for which, the
fonds from all sources have been expended; also, that said
Secretary further state, whether any money, and if any, how
much, remains in the Treasury belonging to said fund.
REPORT FROM A STANDING COMMITTEE.
Mr. BRODHEAD, from the Committee on
Claims, to which was referred the petition of
George Morris, representing that he enlisted as a
private soldier in the army, in February, 1812;
was taken prisoner during the war, carried into
Canada, and delivered up to the Indians, who de-
tained him until September, 1816; and prays sucji
relief as may be thought just and equitable, sub-
mitted a report, accompanied by a bill for his re-
lief; which was read and passed to the second
reading. The report was ordered to be printed.
BRITISH COLONY IN CENTRAL AMERICA.
The Senate proceeded to consider the following
resolution, submitted by Mr. Cass, December
28th:
"Remised, That the President be requested to communi-
cate to the Senate, as tar as mfty be compatible with the
public interest, any information in the Department of
State res pectin* the establishment of a new British colony
in Central America, together with a copy of a proclamation,
if received at the said Department, issued b> the British
authorities, at the Balize, July 17th, 1852, announcing that
« her most gracious Majesty, our Queen, has been pleased
to constitute, and nialte the Islands of R oat an, Bonacca, i
Utilla, Barharat, Helena, and Vforat, to be a colony, to be
known and designated as the colony of the Bay of Islands,'
and signed—
" 'By command of Her Majesty's Superintendent,
"•ACGITSTPS FRED. GORE,
" 'Colonial Secretary *
"And also, what measures, if any, have been taken bvthe
Executive to prevent the violation of that article of the
treaty of Washington, of Jaly 4<h, 1850, between the United
8tates and Great Britain, which provides that neither party
shall' occupy, or fortify, or colonize, or assume, or exer-
cise any dominion over Nicaragua, Costa Riea, the Mos-
quito coast, or any part of Central America.'" ]
The resolution was adopted.
HEW YORK CUSTOM-HOUSB CONTRACTORS.
On motion by Mr. WADE, the Senate, as in !
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to'consider
House bill " for the relief of Charles S. Matthews,
Charles Woods, and James Hall. It proposes to
direct the Secretary of the Treasury to pay to
Charles S. Matthews, Charles Wood, and James
Hall, or any other person or persons by them !
duly authorized to receive the same, the sum of i
#13,119 47, which payment shall be in foil satis-
faction and discharge of all claims which they or
either of them have upon the United States for or
on account of all damages sustained by, or grow-
ing out of, their contract to furnish marble for the
basement of the custom-house lately built in the
city of New York. j;
The bill had been reported from the Committee ji
on Claims, -frith an amendment to strike out the !
words, " or to any other person or persons by !
them duly authorized to receive the same." !:
Mr. BRODHEAD. Mr. President, I did not
eoncur in the favorable action of the Committee i
«n Claims, in reporting this bill to the Senate. It
was reported with a recommendation that it should
pass with the amendment which has jast been
read. It has already passed the House, and
therefore, if it pass the Senate upon this occasion,
& will become a law. It involves a considerable
amount of money, and I wish to state the claim,
as I understand it, to the Senate.
These gentlemen claim to be reimbursed forcer-
tain lasses, which they say they incurred in fur-
nishing marble for the custom-houBe in New York.
There are some circumstances connected with this
claim which induce me aot to look at it with a
very favorable eye. When it was first presented
to the consideration of Congress, these men as-
aarted that they had taken the contract and lost
, money by it. They did not then allege that there
was any improper conduct on the part of the offi-
cer of the Government which caused a loss upon
their part, and therefore the claim was rejected.
When it was afterwards presented, they claimed
damages because they said the Government officer
had been guilty of impropriety. I think the first
thought on the part of the petitioners was correct.
They claimed damages on the ground that they
had taken the contract and lost money by it. I
am not prepared to say that they ever did lose
money by it; and if they did, it was their own
fault. We cannot undertake to indemnify every
person who enters into a contract with the Govern-
ment of the United States, And happens to lose
money by it. I hope the Senate will not sanction
such a principle as that.
There is another suspicious circumstance con-
nected with this claim. In making up their ac-
counts, these men charge for Sundays. I did not
like that. It did not look well. But it has been
some time since we considered this bill in commit-
tee, and the particular facts and circumstances of
the case have, in a great measure, passed from my
mind; and hence I am not prepared now to discuss
it at length, until I hear the report read. The
Senate is very thin, with barely a quorum present,
and I hope the bill will not be pressed at this time
upon the attention of the Senate. I move that its
further consideration be postponed until to-mor-
row.
Mr. WADE. As this bill was placed peculiarly
under my supervision, I ought perhaps to say
something in support of it. The claim for dam-
ages arises out ot a contract made by the parties
with the Government of the United States, to fur-
nish marble for the basement story of the custom-
house in New York. As a part and parcel of that
contract, the Government were to furnish them
with patterns to work from. It was impossible
for them to proceed with the building, unless the
Government should furnish them with draughts
and patterns by which they could cut out the stone.
That provision was incorporated into the contract,
and the Government was to furnish them free of i
expense. Tiie evidence shows that the contract-
ors proceeded to the performance of the work in
gooa faith, and with vigilance, for some three or
four months, and then the superintendent of the
work, who^ad the draugbt and all the patterns
from which they were to wotk, got into some diffi-
culty with the Government, which finally resulted
in his leaving the work. The Government, I be-
i lieve, offered him $3,000 or $4,000, if he would go
! on with his contract; but he refused, and refused
to give up the patterns or anything else, conse-
quently, these men complain that, with a great
number of hands, teams, and everything ready to
perform the work, they were delayed and thrown
out of employment, with all the expenses upon
their hands.
In the first place, the case was referred to the
J Solicitorof the Treasury. Heproceeded to inves-
tigate it, and took ti good deal of testimony, and
made a report in favor of the claimants, giving
| them much more than this bill proposes to give
them. That was not satisfactory, and it was re-
! referred. Further testimony was taken, and an-
other report was made favorable to them by the
Treasurer. That not being satisfactory, Congress
referred it back again to the Treasurer, with "di-
rections for him to take testimony on the part of
the Government in the city of New York, and
make another report. The Government employed
solicitors there, and depositions were taken. The
evidence is very voluminous. They reported to
the Government. It is true the Government did
not take any testimony, but the claimants went
on under that order, giving notice the same as
they would in a suit pending between private in-
dividuals: and they examined, through their soli-
citor, all the fitnesses which the Government
itself proposed to examine. The claimants took
this testimony in the presence of the attorneys of
the Government, who cross-examined the wit-
nesses, and the solicitors of the Government gave
it up, saying to the Department that they could
find no testimony adverse to the claim, and that,
indeed, the further they examined it, the worse it
was for the Government. The testimony is all
one way. It all shows that the work was delayed
to tlie -exteqt that these individuals claim. It
shows that their damages were as great as, and
even much greater than we have proposed to give
them. I do ri&t recollect any witness who did not
conform to that statement. In making up the
report founded upon the testimony, I "know of
only one conclusion to which we can come. The
Government has had a fair opportunity to investi-
gate the w|p>le matter, and has undertaken to do
it in the same way that a person interested in a
j private suit would do it, by examining all the wit-
nesses that they saw fit to bring on both sides;
and all we can say is, that the Government was
found in default, so far as the testimony is con-
cerned.
How we can resist the force of this testimony,
without any countervailing testimony, is more
than I know. We must either proceed upon the
testimony, or there is no use in taking it. The
report is long; it is voluminous. I believe it is a
written report made by the Solicitorof the Treas-
ury, giving all the depositions, to which report I
refer principally. I have read them all, and I
think I can say that there is no testimony going
to overthrow the slate of the case which the claim-
ants make out. It is true that the first petition
presented by the claimants seemed to be rather
loosely drawn. Perhaps they drew it up without
a real knowledge of their rights. It is very inar-
tificially drawn at all events. In it they stated
the ground of theirdamages to be that they under-
took to furnish stones at too Iowa price. In that
aspect of the case, a report was made adverse to
to it, upon the principle that the Government
would not relieve men from a hard bargain which
they made with their eyes open, when there was
no fraud in it. It was properly reported against
on that ground. The petitioners then amended
their petition, and upon it alt the testimony to
which I have referred was taken; and most assur-
edly, if we proceed upon that testimony, we shall
find that we can come to but one conclusion, and
that is, that they are entitled to damages. If we go
outside of the testimony, and go upon suspicions
that may exist, I do not know where we may be
led. When a case is presented to me, I can go
upon nothing else than the testimony. That tes-
timony, in the present case, goes against the Gov-
ernment and proves that the claimants are entitled
to much greater damages than we propose to give.
I believe the bill has been reported npon favorably
tbree or four times, and has passed the House.
That is ali i have to say-about it.
Mr; UNDERWOOD. I hope the further con-
sideration of this bill will be postponed, tat allow
, the chairman of the Committee on Claims, [Mr.
Brodhead,] an opportunity to examine ail the
facts in the case, so that he may give.us his views
at length concerning it. I examined the claim
when I was a member of the Committee on Claims,
, and I have a very distinct recollection of coming
to the conclusion, that it was about as baseless as
the fabric of a dream. I wish to call the attention
of the chairman of the committee to some of my
recollections, in the hope, thdt if the consideration
of the bill is postponed, he will examine and see '
whether they are right or not. It has been a year
or more since I looked into the ense. These per-
sons claimed, in the first place, that they lost
money upon their contract, and were therefore en-
titled to relief. But that claim being abandoned,
they afterward came forward and asked relief on
the ground that the Government was in default,
and the default which they attempted to throw
upon the Government, was. the failure of its offi-
cer to furnish patterns by which they were to work
their rock so as to suit the building; by which fail-
ure they were delayed in the delivery of the rock,
and had to keep a great many teams of oxen and
horses, and agreatmany men upon their hands un-
employed* and consequently had to purchase a
large quantity of forage for their teams, and board
a great many men. They say, too, that this took
place during the winter season, when the oxen and
men were consumingdaily, and were perfectly idle,
so that they do not allow the Government one sol-
itary cent of credit for some months, during which
time they say they were upon expense and made
nothing. But there is no proof upon that subject
at all, I believe, showing the most palpable neglect
on the part of the officers of the Government, who
were charged with taking the testimony. I do
not recollect that they proved anything with regard
to what these men and oxen would have earned,
if they had been kept at work, or if they had had
employment. Then the damage consists in this,
that these men were kept upon wages for months
