1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
175
when there was no necessity for it, and when there
is noth niT to show that these persons were bound
to keep them in this way, according to my reeol-
hrtton 011 the subject.
H it th.it is not the irreat point in the case which,
according to my recollection, ltd me to ilisuust the
propriety of granting tiie re'.iet asked tot; mid I
wish, if tiie subjee: he postponed, that the chair-
man ot'the coiiriiittee will look particularly into
this niat'er, which I will state.
My recollection is, that the time for thedelivery
of this rock was fixed, and the officer of the Gov-
ernment who, it is said, tailed to furnish the pat-
terns bv which they were to work, did not have
any difficulty with the Department, and did not
refuse to furnish the patterns until a few days be-
fore the time when the rock was to have been
tjruisried, so that it was utterly impossible that
from the time the alleged default of the officer
took pla.-e, up to the time thev were to have
dtlivered the rock, they could sutler any material
itiiury. It was their business, according to the
contract, to have had all the rock prepared and
rendy for delivery before, as von wi'l see if you
wi'l exnmine the dates, long- before the default of
the officer took place. It is, therefore, a mere
I pretext that the failure to furnish the patterns ob-
structed them m eetunj* out the rockat the quarry.
That is one things noon which they base their
claim, that they could not work at the quarries
in consequence of the failure to deliver the patterns.
If vou will examine the dates, you will find the
statement is utterly unfounded. If they had com-
plied w ith the contract, they must have had the
rock qunrried, chiseled, and prepared at the quarry,
lonj before they could have suffered any injury
by the failure to obtain the patterns.
The nest ground of complaint, according to my
recollection, is, that the officers told them not to
brins in the rock as fast as they were willing to
bring it. And here is presented an inconsistency.
One asoect of the case is, that for the want of the
patterns they could not get the rock ready for de-
livery; and the other is, that they had it ready for
"delivery, but were told not to bring it in. it
is very much like the plea of the man who broke
a borrowed kettle and said he never borrowed it,
and if he ever did borrow it, it was broken all to
pieces when he took it, and good for nothing.
They sav they could not.get the rock ready be-
cause they had not the patterns, and then, the
rock being ready, the officers would not let them
deliver it as fast as they would have done, because
there was not ground prepared, where the custom-
house was erected, on which to stow it away. I
wish this matter to be examined, to see whether
my recollections with regard to it are correct. I
made no report upon it. 1 had not time, but I
recollect the case, and recollect to have examined
it, and it occurs to me that these are th^jioints
which exist in regard to it. I hope it may be
postponed, to allow gentlemen on both sides to
see how it stands, because I cannot give the exact
da'es.
Mr. HALE. I think this will be going one
step further than we have eone on private claims
heretofore. We have taken two steps this session.
First, we passed an act for the relief of a gentle-
man who was obliged to have a confidential clerk,
and intrusted to him Government money; and
inasmuch as his clerk displayed a want of integ-
rity, we agreed to remunerate him. Then there
was the case of a man who had charge of Govern-
ment money which he left in a safe in the care of
some negro men or slaves, who robbed it, and we
paid hiin. But this is going further, and it is pro-
posing to pay—not gentlemen that have confiden-
tial clerks, but hard-working stone-cutters, and it
is carrying this equitable relief down from that
class of society for which it was evidently intended
to the laboring classes, and relieving hard-working
laborers in stone altogether beyond the precedents
which have been established heretofore; and it
seems to me it will be a dangerous one to relieve
that class. Besides that, there is another thing
which I want to know about these contractors be-
fore I am prepared to vote. It was manifestly
proper, the Senate thought, before they should
apportion the duties of the offices of the Senate
out to its own members, to criticise what political
organization they belonged to. I should like to
know what political organization the petitioners
belong to before acting upon the high precedents
set to vote upon the bill. For these reasons, which
; have not been alluded to by the honorable Senator
from Kentucky, 1 hope the bill will be postponed, >
and thai we will pause some time before we take
such an alarming step as tins would be, to extend
the relief of the Government to men that work by
their own hands, and employ their own teams 111
working stone quarries.
The "Presiding officer, (Mr. Mangum
in the ctiaiv.) The question ou postponing the
further consideration of the bill until to-morrow.
Mr. BRODHEAD. 1 desire to say a very few
words before the question is put. If the petition-
ers told the truth when they first came to Con-
gress, they are not entitled to relief.^ That, my
honorable friend from Ohio [Mr. Wade] admits.
I take it for granted that they did tell the truth
then. They claimed that Congress should afford
them relief because they had made an improvident
contract—a contract by which they lost money.
Afterwards they found out—some agent perhaps
about Washington informed them—that they must
place the blame at the door of the Government
officer, or show that the Government was in
default some way or other. Now, my friend from
Ohio says the evidence leads directly to the con-
clusion to which he arrives. But, sir, it must be
remembered, in considering all these cases, that
the evidence is ex parte, and ail ex parte proceeding
is easily made out. All these cases are ex parte,
and therefore must be taken with some grams of
allowance.
The Senator from Kentucky is right in his rec-
ollection, when he says that these persons claim
damages because their horses and oxen were with-
out employment about the city of New York.
That could not be. You can, in my opinion,
always fimf employment for horses and oxen
about New York; therefore, that complaint is not
well founded. Besides that, I agree entirely with
the Senator in my recollection tliat the assertion
that they could not proceed with their contract be-
cause they were not furnished with patterns is
rather unfounded. They could have proceeded;
and if they had bid correctly, and entered into the
contract with a proper regard to their own rights
as well as the rijiits of the Government, they
would not have lost money. I hope, therefore,
the bill will he postponed. It is more than a .year
since I examined into the matter.
Mr. WADE. I would be quite willing that
the bill should be postponed, if I believed any
] further light would be elicited by it. The case
' has been pending before Congress several years— i
I do not know exactly how many; but it has
been under the supervision of some Department
several years, and been investigated and reinves- :
tigated not less, I think, than six times before
some tribunal; and they have all come to the re-
sult to which the majority of the committee have
come, that the contractors were entitled to dam-
ages. It is said that this would be introducing a
very dangerous principle into the administration of
affairs. I do not know that it is dangerous to
admit that the Government may be guilty of a
violation of a contract to the injury of the con-
tractors, and that it should pay the damages.
Between private individuals it is not thought to be
a dangerous principle. I cannot believe that it is
any more dangerous, or any less just, when it is
applied to the Government, than when applied to
private individuals.
The Senator from Pennsylvania is mistaken
when he says this is altogether an ex parte affair.
I put stress upon the fact that it is not ex parte;
but after one or two investigations that were ex
parte before the Departments, it was referred back
asain, with directions that notice should be given,
and lawyers employed on behalf of the Govern- i
ment as well as by the individuals; and it was j
sent out under the same scrutiny that a proceed- !
ing pending before a court would receive. It was
investigated, not ex parte, but before the agents
and attorneys of the Government and those of
the claimants. The testimony satisfied the Gov-
1 em ment attorneys who attended to it that they
could get no testimony to sustain the rights of the j
Government under the contract. They gave it
up, and reported to the Solicitor of the Treasury
| that to go further in taking the testimony would
i only put the Government still further in default.
I That, sir, is the testimony. Whether there is
i anything outside of it throwing suspicion around
i it, 1 know not. I do not even know the claim-
| ants. I nevel* saw them. I know none of their
agents. I know nothing but the testimony on
file; and I do know, if that testimony was sub-
mitted to any jury, under the instruction of any
court in this country, they could only return a
verdict against the Government for damages; for
nil the testimony goes to show that the Govern-
ment did violate its contract, and injure the claim-
ants; and it is obvious how it happened. The
contract was a large one. It was necessary that
the contractors should prepaie themselves with a
great number of hands—over one hundred, I be-
lieve—and I cannot now recollect the number of
horses and oxen they had in order to draw the
stones from the quarry to the building, perhaps
one hundred in all. The testimony shows it was
impossible to work at that business, except in a
particular season of the year. For instance, in
winter they could not do it: the roads were not
in a condition to permit them to draw the stones
in winter; they had to avail themselves of the fa-
vorable season of the year. I speak of what the
testimony says—nothing outside of it.
The testimony shows that these men did go on
and prosecute the work with great vigor. The
Government agents—not men in the employ of
these claimants, but men in the employ of the
Government—say that the officers of the Govern-
ment all testify to the same facts. There is no dis-
crepancy between the testimony furnished by the
claimants and that furnished liy the officers of the
Government. The defaulter in this case was an
agent of the Government. I think the Govern-
ment was in some fault, that this officer was not
put under some bonds requiring him to perform
his duty. But there was some misunderstanding
—I hardly know what it was—sprung up between
the Superintendent and the Department, which re-
sulted in the refusal of the Superintendent to go
on, and they could not hire him, not even by the
promise of $4,000, to go on, or to give up the
draughts which he had made. But he went off,
and doggedly took the draughts all away; and the
consequence was that the Government had to hire
another superintendent, who had to go in there,
and according to the evidence, it took him three
months to redraught the building, and did will in
completing it in that. time. 1 am not acquainted
with that kind of business sufficiently to enable
me to decide whether so much time was necessary;
but the artisans all testified that it was necessary
to furnish a new draught of the bui'ding before
the work could go on. According to the testi-
mony, these men had to wait until the Govern-
ment should set them to work, and in the mean
time there was no profitable work for them to do.
That the testimony shows. I do not know whether
it is true or not; but I know it is so stated in the
depositions, and there is no counter testimony. I
am therefore bound to rely upon that, in the ab-
sence of all evidence to the contrary, as being true;
for I cannot go upon bare suspicions where the
testimony is fairly taken, and there is a fair op-
portunity given for cross-examination. 1 know
no reason why I should reject the evidence pre-
sented, unless there is some inconsistency upon its
face which goes to destroy it. I do not know how
it is that so many men could come to the same
conclusion that the majority of the committee ar-
rived at, unless there is some truth in it. There
have, been two reports from the Solicitor of the
Treasury in their favor, and divers reports in the
House of Representatives upon the same evidence,
and all of the same purport. I do not think there
is any good reason why we should postpone the
consideration of the bill; for I think that, after all,
Government will have to pay the claim.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I have very hastily col-
lected some of the information of which I thought
I had a recollection, and I will now give the facts
in the case. The contract was made in 1834; the
delivery of the stone was to commence on the 15th
of September, 1834. One half of the stone was to
be delivered by the 10th of December following,
and the entire quantity was to be delivered and the
contract completed on or before the 15th of June,
1835. These are the dates. The contract amount-
ed to some $67,000. In 1835, Mr. Whittlesey
made a report against this claim. Then the claim
was based upon the insufficiency of the compensa-
tion for the work done. In 1842, Mr. Cowell made
another report against it. After that, the claim-
ants came forward with another petition, changing
their ground; and in that petition they say:
I " Your memorialist# are prepared to show that tbe delay
