m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 30,
referred to, ww not wholly attributable to default on their
part, but ia chiefly chargeablc to the former superintendent."
They are now answering these reports, made
against them from time to time, and they say it
was " attributable chiefly to the default of the su-
' perintendent, Mr. Thompson, in his neglect to
' Furnish them with working plans, and with the
1 draughts necessary to enable them to proceed with
' the work, and especially by the resignation of the
' said superintendent, in May, 1835."
They do not state at what time in May, 1835,
Mr. Thompson resigned. If it was at the last of
May, as 1 stated before, it was only two weeks be-
fore the time when the whole of the stone was to
be delivered. To talk about preparing and deliv-
ering some $30,000 or $40,000 worth of stone in
two weeks, is most conclusive evidence to show
that this was an afterthought. It could not be pos-
sible that they should suffer any essential injury
by wanting the patterns two weeks or even a month;
and there is no pretense by the claimants, that there
was any failure to furnish the facilities for going
on with the work according to the contract, until
the superintendent did resign. If, therefore, any
injury came upon them, it was in consequence of
their own laches and neglect.
As the chairman asks the liberty of examining
all these papers, and as I have net had time to look
into a tenth part of them, I hope the subject may
be postponed. And allow me to tell you, Mr.
President, that claimants sometimes appear to try
to smother up the truth, by bringing before the
committee very voluminous documents, which
have nothing at all to do with the case. I have
labored whole days, when on the Committee on
Claims, without making one particle of progress
towards reaching the truth of the case in hand,
because the truth is thrown aside by one sort of
irrelevant matter and another which is presented.
Hereisa month's investigation required almost, in
order to get at the merits of this case. I have just
shown you that this man, Thompson, upon whose
default they now base their large claim, only re-
signed in May, when, according to the contract,
the whole of the stone was to have been furnished
by the 15th of June following. It cannot be. As
the chairman of the committee says, the idea of
keeping hordes of men and cattle in New York, j
doing nothing for months, is one that I cannot :
credit. 1 j
The question was then taken on the postpone-
ment of the further consideration of the bill, and
it was agreed to.
WASHINGTON CITY CHARTER.
On motion by Mr. SHIELDS, the Senate pro-
ceeded, as in Committee of the Whole, to the con-
sideration of the bill to amend the charter of the
city of Washington.
Mr. SHIELDS submitted an amendment, whieh
was ordered to be printed, and then the further
consideration of the bill was postponed until to-
morrow.
ROADS IN MINNESOTA TERRITORY.
On motion by Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, the Sen-
ate, as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider House bill " making further'appropria-
tions for the construction of roads in the Territory
of Minnesota."
It proposes to appropriate for the construction
of a road from Point Douglass, on the Mississippi
rrrer, to the falls or rapids of the Saint Louis river
of Lake Superior, $20,000; for the construction of
■ road from Point Douglass to Fort Gaines, now
Fort Ripley, $10,000; for tin construction of a
road from the mouth -*f Swan river, or the most
expedient point near it, ridrth or south of said
w^'heWmnebago "g«cy at Long Prairie,
#5,000-, for the construction of a rofcd from Wa-
bashaw to Mendota, $5,000; and for *.he survey
and laying oat of a military road from M.n.fotfi
to the mouth of Big Sioux river, on the Missis-
«ipp > jfi.000. The said roads to be constructed
under the direction of the Governor and Legisla-
tive Assembly of said Territory.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be read* third tote, read
a third time, and passed.
SCHOOL LAND8 W OREGON.' ' " I
On motion by Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, the Sen-
ate. a« in. Committee of the Whole, proceeded to '
consider the bill from the Houseof Representa-'
Wtss, " to amend an act entitled 'An ast to estab-
I lish the Territorial Government of Oregon,' ap-
proved August 14th, 1848."
It proposes to authorize the Legislative Assem-
bly of the Territory of Oregon, in all cases where
the sixteenth or thirty-sixth sections shall be ta-
ken and occupied under the law making donations
of land to actual settlers in that Territory, or oth-
erwise, to cause the county commissioners of the
counties of that Territory, or any other officers,
to select in lieu thereof an equal quantity of any
unoccupied land; and that the selections so made,
and their proceeds, shall be forever set apart for
the benefit of common schools.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a
third time, and passed.
RECESS FOR THE HOLIDAYS.
Mr. BADGER. I desire now, Mr. President,
to submit the usual motion at this period of the
session, which is, that when the Senate adjourns
to-day, it be till Mondfur next.
Mr. HALE. On Monday last, I made a mo-
tion for an adjournment from that day till Thurs-
day; but the Senate thought the condition of the
suffering claimantsupontheGovernment was such
that we could not consistently adjourn over ; and
I suppose that as we have not relieved any great
proportion of those sufferers since that time, we
cannot now consistently agree to this motion.
Mr. BADGER. We have been providing for
them handsomely, since that time.
The question being taken, there were, on a di-
vision—ayes 22, noes 5, and the Presiding Officer
announced that the motion was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. Is there a quorum voting?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (M* Maugcm.)
The Chair did not count the noes very particular-
ly,but there were 22 ayes, which is more than a
majority of any'number that has voted this week.
Mr. HALE. I insist upon it that the motion
cannot be carried unless a quorum shall vote.
Mr. BADGER. I thought the Senator gave it
«P-
Mr. HALE. I did not, but I called for a count
on the other side. I now call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were, not ordered.
The question being again taken, there were, on
s, division—32 in the affirmative ahd6 in the nega- :
ttve; so the motion wasagreed to.
WILLIAM SOMERVILLE.
I The bill for the relief of the legal representatives
I of Dr.William Somerville was read a second time,
. and on motion by Mr. Bright the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider it as in Committee of the
Whole. It proposes to direct the proper accounting
officers to ascertain the value of the property of
the late Dr .William Somerville, of Calvert county,
Maryland, which was destroyed by the British
troops during the invaision of that State in 1814,
in consequence of its occupancy by the troops of
the United States, and to pay the amount so found
to be due.
Mr. WALKER called for the reading of the
report of the Committee on Claims; and it was
accordingly read. From that report it appeared
( that the house of Doctor Somerville was occupied
by the American troops, by order of the officer in
command, for the purpose of reconnoitering the :!
enemy. On theday it was destroyed by the enemy, 'j
it was so ^occupied, and the American troops were ■
driven from it prior to its destruction. The de-
struction of the property was caused by its occu-
pancy by Jfche American soldiers, and therefore the ,
case, in the opinion of the committee, presents a '
claim for relief.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and passed. ,
WESTERN MILITARY ASYLUM. !
Mr. JONES,-Of Tennessee. The Committee
on Military Affairs have instructed me to offer the
following resolution, which I ask may be consid-
ered at this time:
Retolced, That Hie Secretary of War be directed to call
on the commissioners that examined the Biae Lick Springs,
wim > view to the location of a western military asylum,
f«r a report of their examination; and that he communicate
^thej^e to the Senate.
Tl «r« being no objection, the Senate proceeded
to consider the resolution.
Mr. BRIGHT. I move to anftml the resolu-
tion by inserting after the word "springs," the
| words, "and other places."
1 Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I have no objec-
tion to that; but I would suggest to the Senator
from Indiana, that my object was to get the report
of the commissioners, who were directed, by an
act passed at the last session, to examine this par-
ticular site, for they have reported upon the other
points examined.
Mr. WELLER. There were a great many
things connected with the expedition to the Blue
Lick Springs which I think will not be reported
upon. [Laughter.]
Mr. BRIGHT. My object in moving the
amendment was to get the facts in relation to the
examination pf other points—one in particular,
which I consider of more importance than that
designated in the resolution.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I will accept the
amendment, if the Senator will designate the
places.
Mr. SHIELDS. I think it would be better if
the Senator from Indiana would designate the
places about which he wishes a report. A great
many places have been examined. The sites for
other military asylums have been selected. Surely
there is no necessity for getting those reports
again. •
Mr. BRIGHT. I have no objection to insert-
ing the points to which I allude. The one in
which I feel most interest is Madison, Indiana;
and 1 believe there were two other points in Ken-
tucky examined.
Mr. WELLER. Let us have all.
Mr. BRIGHT. Some one site may possess
advantages Over all the rest, and therefore I think
we had better call for information in regard to all-
Mr. SHIELDS. There is an asylum in this
District, and others throughout the country, the
sites for which have been long since selected.
There-is no use in having reports about them. 1
would therefore suggest to my friend from Indi-
ana the propriety of confining the resolution to
sites in Ken'ucky and Indiana.
Mr. WELLER. I see no good reason why'
the resolution should not embrace all the points
examined by the commissioners. They did not
confine themselves to Kentucky or Indiana, for
one of them Stopped to examine Columbus, Cin-
cinnati-, Cleveland, and.ot.her places in Ohio, either
for political - or military purposes—-! cannot say
authoritatively for which.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would remark
to my friend from Indiana, that all the other points
examined have been reported upon. This exam';
ination was made by special direction of the Sen-
ate and House of Representatives, and as I un-
derstand no report of the examination has yet
been made. I wish to get this report; and I should
like, aTho, to get reports in regard to the points
suggested by the Senator from Indiana.
Mr. BRIGHT. I am aware that the act of the
last session directed an examination of Blue Lick
Springs; but the board saw fit to extend their ex-
aminations—and very properly, I think—to other
1 points. When they are reporting the result of
their examinations, in reference to the point named
in the resolution, there can be no impropriety in
their reporting as to other points to which their
attention has been directed.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If the amendment
be confined to the last exatfti nation, I have no ob-
jection.
The amendment was agreed to; and the resolu-
tion, as amended, was adopted, as follows:
It stained, That the Secretary of War be directed lo call
on the commissioners that examined the Blue Lick Springs
and other places, with a view to the location of a Western
Military Asylum, for a report of their examination, and
that he communicate the same to the Senate.
JOSEPH MOREHEAD.
• The bill for the relief of #oseph Morehead was
read a second time, and on motion by Mr. Chasb,
the Senate proceeded, as in Committee of the
Whole, to its consideration. It proposes to direct
the proper accounting, officers to pay to the legal
guardian or guardians of Joseph Morehead, late
a passed midshipman in the Navy, now a con-
fined lunatra, the furlough pay of passed midship-
men, from February 15, 1840, when he was dis-
missed, as if he had not been dismissed, and wsre
on furlough for life,
The bfll ws  reported to the Senate without
