THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
MONDAY, JANUARY 3, 1853.
3ii> Congress, 2d Session.
New Series No. 12.
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
BE NEl'FVtlXE AND SON'S HEIR.
On motion by Mr. BRIGHT, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the lomt resolution for the relief of the heir of
John De Neufwlle and Son.
It proiwses to direct the Secretary of the Treas-
urv to a'low and pay to Mrs. Anna C. De Neuf-
ville Evans, the ueir of John De Neufville &
Son, tju addition to the $8,767 60, or twenty-one
thousand nine hundred and nineteen florins, al-
lowed by joint resolution of the 3d March, 18.il,
uiHin the report of the Comptroller to the Senate,")
the for.1w.n4r sums: The share awarded to De
Neufville & Son in the damages as part owners of
the shins Aurora and Liberty, the charges for
liehter-hire, stay-davs, traveling to theTexel,&c.;
the charges for delivering of the goods, storage,
<fco.: the charges for journey to Paris of Major
Jackson and Leonard De Neufville, to obtain Doc-
tor Franklin's acceptance of bills. The amount
of these four charges is $3,35S 60, or seven thou-
sand two hundred and sixty-one florins, as ap-
Cears on the books of the Treasury; the florin to
e calculated at forty-six and one quarter cents,
and interest at the rate of six per centum per an-
num from the time the debt was contracted to the
day of payment, the gratuity of «,3,000 made the
family of De Neufville in 1797, not to be taken
from this claim.
Mr. BRIGHT. I more to amend the resolu-
tion by adding after the word " florins," where it
last occurs, the words:
And also the balance due by the accounts and paper*
in the Slate Department on the notarial agreement, dated
December 17S1 ;
And also to add:
And that the former partial settlement of the Comp-
tro'ler he corrected upon the above basis as to the value of
the florin and interest.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I would inquire from
which committee this joint resolution was report-
ed ?
Mr. BRIGHT. The Committee on Revolution-
ary Claims. 1
Mr. BRODHEAD. Let me make a suggestion 1
Upon the subject of passing these Senate bills. :
Suppose this bill should now be passed; it will be 1
sent, with the memorial and papers in the case, to
the House of Representatives. The probability
is that it will not be touched there at this session.
Then the papers will not be sent back here, as a
matter of course, and thus its final passage will be
delayed.
Mr. BRIGHT. 1 cannot look to those contin-
gencies. I feel that I have a duty to perform;
and if the House fail to perform their duty, I
cannot help it. It is proper that I should state,
that when the original resolution was on its pas-
size three years ago, I opposed it for the reason
that I did not believe the claim to be just. Since
that time, I have taken occasion to examine it
thoroughly, and I am satisfied that I did injustice
% to the claimant. I have, therefore, felt it to be my
duty, at the earliest moment, to call up the joint
resolution for the purpose of giving the Senate an
opportunity to act upon it. I believe that the
claimant is entitled to every dollar she claims, and
if the Senate feel disposed to hear the case from
beginning to end, I am prepared to go forward
with it. I think the claim a just one, and that the
joint resolution ought to be passed at once.
Mr. WALKER. I reported this joint resolu-
tion from the Committeeon Revolutionary Claims,
and I believe that if there is a case before the Sen-
ate of the United States, or one embraced in the
class of gjrolutionary claims, which demands
imperatively the action of this Government, it is ,
this one. The firm of De Neufville & Son, aided
this country in the most critical period of the rev-
olutionary struggle. They furnished their own
means; they even went beyond their own ability
to furnish to this Government means to carry on \
that struggle. The Government, for the time being, |
wag unable to pay them. Their fortunes were
lost by reason of their advances to the Govern- j |
12
ment. The De Neufvilles, father and son, came
to this country to pursue their rights. The father
soon died, and the son became a lunatic, and sub-
sequently died. This female, an aged relative, still
survives, and this tardy justice is now proposed
to be done to her. 1 have examined this case
with a solicitude with which I have rarely ex-
amined any one in the course of my life. It is a
difficult one at first view, but a plain one when
you come to understand it. If this Government
owe a debt to any human being, it is to this
woman. I hope the Senate will pass the resolu-
tion.
Mr. CHASE. I made, I think, very nearly
the speech which has just been delivered by my
friend from Wisconsin, some two or three years
ago, in support of the original joint resolution for
the payment of this claim. That joint resolution
passed both Houses, and under it a very consid-
erable sum has been paid. I should like to inquire
of my friend, the late chairman of the Committee
on Revolutionary Claims, how much was paid
under it ?
Mr. WALKER. It will be perceived that this
resolution provides, that what was paid shall not
be paid again. The difficulty is this: In auditing
the account, the First Comptroller adopted a certain
rule which the committee believed to be wrong.
During the time of the greatest distress of tins
family, while in the United States, and when all
the male members of the family were either dead
or insane, a knowledge of the distress of the wife
or child of one of them coming to the ears of Con-
gress, a gratuity of $3,000 was bestowed upon her.
The Comptroller deducted that. Besides, lie
adopted an undervalue for the florin, and he
adopted an improper criterion for the calculation
of interest. This is not a case of a claim for dam-
ages, but for money actually advanced.
The Comptroller made an error in three respects:
He adopted an improper criterion for the calcula-
tion of interest; an improper valuation for the
florin; and he deducted the gratuity allowed to
; her, and, after making these deductions, awarded
, the balance. This resolution is to pay nothing
' more than a sum which amounts to a correction
J of the criterion of interest, and the correction of
' thecriteriofi of valueof theflorin,and some further
1 items of the account which the Comptroller re-
jected. For instance, bills were drawn upon Dr.
Franklin, who was in Paris. They were pro-
tested. The son, one of the firm of De Neufville
& Son, together with an asrent of theGovernnnent,
had to make a visit to Paris to see why it was
that those bills were protested. They went and
saw Dr. Franklin, and explained the matter to
him, and then the bills were accepted. These
were expenses incurred at a time when those per-
sons, being known to be friends of the United
States, were under the espionage of the enemies
of this country, and were followed by the cruisers
of Great Britian. The Comptroller refused to
allow this item, when it was proved as clearly as
anything can be proved, that it was cash actually
paid out of their pockets for the benefit of the
United States, and in consequence' of the default
of the agents of the colonies.
These were items just as much involving a debt
against the United Slates as any other portion of
the accounts of De Neufville & Son, and yet they
were disallowed. The committee felt that these
amounts were due and should be allowed; and I
believe everyone who has inspected the accounts,
believes with equal confidence that they are as
meritorious aportion as any other. The principal
portion of the sum now proposed to be allowed
and paid, is that which constitutes the additional
amount of interest over and above that paid on the
improper criterion adopted by the Comptroller,
and the additional value of the florin from thirty-
eeven to forty-six and and a quarter cents, which is
shown clearly to have been its value at that time.
So that it is a plain matter of calculation; and the
principle really involved is, whether the United
States will or will not pay their just debts.
Mr. CHASE. Myfnend from Wisconsin has
nat yet answered the question whi«h I asked in
regard to the amount paid under the former reso-
I lution. I do not know that it is material that the
< question should be answered. According to my
recollection, it was between some |20~000 and
I £30,000, but I may not be strictly accurate in that
I recollection. That joint resolution was to refer
the matter to the proper Department, and to re-
quire that the claim should be adjusted " upon the
principles of equity and justice," giving a pretty
broad latitude to the Comptroller,—requiring him
to investigate the claim, and make only such al-
lowances as in his judgment ought properly to be
made. We are now called upon to revise the de-
cision of the Comptroller that has been made un-
der the joint resolution of Congress clothing him
with complete power, as a disinterested judge and
arbitrator between the Government and the par-
ties.
Mr. ADAMS. If the Senator will allow me, I
will furnish him with the information for which he
: asks. It is contained in the bill itself. It provides
that the amount shall be paid "in addition to
§8,767 60," formerly paid.
Mr. WALKER. There is no disguise about
the matter. The bill mentions the amount formerly
paid.
Mr. CHASE. I did not profess to state with
accuracy the sum. I stated it according to my
recollection. That may havebeen thesum claimed,
instead of the sum allowed. However, it is
certain that this matter was referred to the Comp-
troller, to be determined by him on principles of
equity and justice, as an arbitrator, fair and hon-
orable, between this Government and the claim-
ant. He had to determine the claim, and we are
now called upon to revise his decision. Before
we proceed to revise it, it seems to me that we
ought to have a little time to look into the matter.
; If, upon examination, it should be found that his
decision was incorrect, I would be one of the last
persons in the world to object to its correction;
for I regarded the claim originally as one of very
great merit, advocated it as such, and contributed
to its passage through both Houses under that
impression. But now, called upon as we are to
go further, to revise the decision of the arbitra-
tor whom we ourselves have constituted, upon
the suggestion of the claimants, it seems to me
that we ought to look into the mattpr, and see to
what extent we are really asked to go.
; The items of the claim, as stated in the bill, are
numerous, and may involve a very considerable
amount of allowance which ought not to be prop-
; erly charged upon the Treasury; and while we
' owe a duty to the claimant, and ought to satisfy
every legal and just demand to the fullest extent,
we also owe a duty to the country, and ought not
to permit a bill to pass occasioning a large draft
upon the Treasury without a pretty thorough in-
vestigation. I therefore move, in accordance with
the precedent which has once been set to-day, that
i the further consideration of this joint resolution
1 be postponed until to-morrow.
; Mr. WALKER. Mr. President, I think I have
some right to complain of the Senator from Ohio.
I do not complain of his vigilance or of his desire
. to protect the Treasury; but, sir, at the last ses-
sion of Congress, that gentleman was a colleague
of mine on the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims. I reported the bill from that committee.
If any committee had a careful and sensible clerk,
it was the Committee on Revolutionary Claims at
the last session. The Senator concurred in my
| report, at least he made no adverse report, and I
am very confident that he was consulted about the
matter—that he was told a report was ready, and
would be made, and that he assented. However,
confident as I am about that, I may be mistaken;
but yet I am none the less confident, and shall so
remain until it be shown to me that I am mistaken.
This matter was examined by the committee.
It was examined by their clerk, and he made a
report to the committee of the result of his exam-
inations. The committee reviewed his action,
and I myself did in particular; and I never heard
one lisp of objection from a member of the com-
mittee at that time, nor from that to this, until
