178
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 30,
now Sir, I look npon the report in that case as I
constituting the pride of the reports from that com- '
un satisfied that if Congress knew this
case fully they would feel it to be imperatively
their duty to respond to the claim. I must say
that I am a little surprised to find that the Senator
from Ohio—who was once an advocate of this ;
claim, and who, it seems to me, must have been 1
satisfied that injustice was done in not allow-
in? what is really due,—should rise at this time,
after having been a member of the committee
which reported it, and make this serious objection,
and desire, at this period of the session, to post-
pone it. I am surprised at it. I cannot feel other-
wise. I do hope and trust it will not be postponed.
This is not the first time it has been under consid-
eration. Since this payment was made under the
former action of Congress, this claim has been re-
ported upon favorably two or three times; and it
would seem strange; indeed, if a case of this char-
acter should be longer postponed, or favorable ac-
tion be refused, when claims of the character which
we have been passing almost sm5 siltnlio have been
allowed.
Mr. CHASE. Mr. President, I am sorry that
my friend from Wisconsin feels any surprise in re-
gardto the course which I have felt it my duty to
pursue on this occasion. It is very true that at
the last session I was a member of the Committee
on Revolutionary Claims. It is very true that the
examination of this claim was assigned to the
chairman, and I presume he prepared the report.
I never heard the report read. Perhaps I did not
quite discharge my duty in that respect. I never
had the particulars of this joint resolution brought
tinder my consideration at all. When it was called
up to-day, my friend from Indiana proposed to
amend it, to enlarge it, to go beyond the report of
the committee. When 1 find myself unacquainted
with the merits of the claim itself in the shape in
which it is now proposed, and when the gentle-
man proposes still further to enlarge it, it seems to
me that I am only discharging my duty, and that
it ought not to excite any surprise, if I ask a little
time for the purpose of looking into it, and exam-
ining and ascertaining for myself whether what is
now proposed to be paid is actually due.
I have thought, and I still think, that when the
joint resolution which was prepared by the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims at a former ses-
sion, and which then met the approbation of the
agents of this claim, was passed, we discharged
our duty in the premises. We did whit they
asked. We referred the claim to an officer of the ']
Government impartial in the premises, and dis- i
posed to do full justice, as we all know that officer j
is disposed to do; and no man knows it better |j
than my friend from Wisconsin. No man in this j
body has passed higher eulogies on that officer for i
his integrity and uprightness than has the Senator
from Wisconsin. Under that resolution, satis-
foctory to the committee, and satisfactory to the
parties, this claim has been investigated, and an
allowance has been made, and that allowance has
been paid. And when it is now proposed still
further to enlarge the claim, I say—what? That
I am indisposed to go to the full length of every
principle of justice in paying every dollar and
every cent to which this claimant is justly enti-
tled ? No, sir; I am not indisposed to do that; but
I say, that having acted as we have done in the
premises, when a Senator desires a little time to
look into a claim, we should allow that time.
That is ail I ask; and if I find upon looking into
the matter that there is good reason for going be-
yond the former allowance, I shall certainly make
no objection. I feel >ery much indisposed to ob-
ject now, but I do think it my duty to look into it
a little before I give an affirmative vote. \
Mr. BRIGHT. I would have no particular
objection to postpone the joint resolution for the
purpose of giving the honorable Senator fro91
Ohio an opportunity of examining it, if I be-
lieved thatit could be improved, or that there
was anything to be corrected; but I feel quite
' sure that if he were to examine it to the extent
that I have, lie would reason as I have done in
reference to it. It is true that the effect of this
resolution is to revise, to a certain extent, the ac-
tion of the Comptroller. The amendment which
I have offered points out where the Comptroller
erred in the discharge of what he no doubt re-
garded as his duty—and I know he is a very hon-
est and correct officer. He saw fit to place the
value of the florin in this case at the lowest rate at
which it sold during our revolutionary struggle.
That officer, however, I am authorized to say,
would have been very glad if we had, in our ori-
ginal resolution, fixed it at the highest rate. He
fixed it at about thirty-six cents, the lowest rate
at which it sold during the revolutionary war.
My amendment fixes it at the highest rate, forty-
six and a quarter cents; and I think it is nothing
more than right and proper that the representatives
of individuals who, at a period like that, periled
every advancement they made, (for it was at the
time a great risk whether they would ever re-
ceive back a dollar,) should receive, at this late
day, all that they advanced, with interest upon it.
The amendment I have offered is nothing more
than to fix the value of the florin at the highest
rate, and give interest upon it.
Mr. ADAMS. Mr. President, I hope that this
resolution will not be postponed. This resolution
is for the benefit of a lady who is now sick in this
city. I hope the gentleman from Ohio will with-
draw all opposition to it, and let us take a vote
upon it now.
The motion to postpone was not agreed to. The
amendments were adopted; the resolution was
reported to the Senate as amended, and the amend-
ments were concurred in. The joint resolution
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I move that the
House do now adjourn.
[Cries of" No ! " " No !" '• No !"]
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
there is a new member present, who desires to be
qualified.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I will in that case with-
draw my motion to adjourn, with the intention to
renew it after the gentleman has been syrorn in.
A NEW MEMBER.
Mr. DUNCAN presented the credentials of the
Hon. Edward P. Little, elected a Representa-
tive from the Ninth Congressional district of the
State of Massachusetts, to supply the vacancy
occasioned by the decease of the Hon. Orin
Fowler.
Mr. Little thereupon appeared at the bar of the
House, and was duly qualified, by the Speaker
administering to him the oath to support the Con-
stitution.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I now renew the motion
to adjourn.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that when
the House adjourns to-day, that it be to meet on
Monday next.
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from
Tennessee and the House indulge the Chair in
:s were concurreu in. aiic jumt rcsumuun :
then ordered to be engrossed for a third read- ^^0^^™® Journal has not been read
yet.
The SPEAKER. The Chair asks the unani-
mous consent of the House for leave to present
it. The communication is very brief, and is upon
a mutter requiring 110 legislative action.
The communication was read, as follows :
ing, read a third time, and passed.
CHARLES COOPER AND COMPANY.
The bill for the relief of Charles Cooper & Co.,
was read a second time; and on the motion of Mr.
Hamlin, the Senate proceeded to consider it as in
Committee of the Whole. It proposes to direct
the proper accounting officers to pay to Charles
Cooper & Co., of Bangor, Maine, $300, in full
for interest due to them from the United States
on a liquidated amount of $30,989, payable by
contract August 13, 1850, and then duly required,
but withheld until the 12th of October following,
for want of an appropriation.
Mr. HAMLIN. 1 will state in a few words
the circumstances which the report in thij case dis-
closes. The Government chartered a vessel of
these persons to transport troops or merchandise
from Mexico to some point in the United States.
On the arrival of that vessel here, the proper offi-
cers of the Department certified that she had per-
formed her duty, and done all that she agreed to
do; but there was no money in the Treasury to
pay the owners of the vessel, and they were kept
[ out of their money for nearly two months. By
I this bill it is proposed to pay interest for the time
| during which the Government refused to pay for
j the services that had been performed.
j The bill was reported to the Senate without
! amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
' reading, read a third time, and passed.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of
Executive business; and after some time spent
: therein, the doors were reopened, and
! The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, December 30, 1852.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. James Gallahkr. j
The SPEAKER. There are only ninety-three
members present, which number does not con- I
stitute a quorum of the House.
Mr. DEAN. I move that there be a call of the
House.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I suggest to theSpeaker
whether it is not his duty under the rules, after
ascertaining that no quorum is present, to order a
call of the House?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not. It is
competent for the. House to take such steps as
will secure the attendance of a" quorum, or to ad-
journ. The Chair has not the power to dictate
what course the House shall take.
Mr. DEAN. Without a quorum wecannotad-
journ over till Monday.
A Member. That is the fact.
Mr. DEAN. I demand the yeas and nays
upon the question whether there shall be a call of
tne House.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
WismiteTON, December 29,1852.
Sir: We have the honor to invite you, and through
you the House of Representatives and the officers, to at-
tend the ceremonies 01" the inauguration of the equestrian
statue of General Andrew Jackson on the 8th day of Jan-
uary. With great respect,
B. B. FRENCH,
JOHN C. RIVES,
JOHN VV. MAURY,
Committee of Arrangement*,
Hon. Linn Botd,
Speaker of the Hq. of Rept, of the U. S.
' Mr. JONES. The question now recurs on the
motion I have made, that when the House ad-
journs to-day, it be to meet on Monday next.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that it is
incompetent for the House, without a quorum, to
make any such order. There is no quorum pres-
ent.
Mr. JONES. Would it not be competent for
1 the Chair to ascertain whether or not a quorum be
present ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has ascertained
by actual counting that there is no quorum pres-
ent.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I rise to a
question of order.
Mr. JONES. I am up on one myself. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. STANTON. I think that questions of or-
der are of my colleague's peculiar province. [Re-
newed laughter.]
Mr. JONES. I think, on reflection, that both
the motion to adjourn, and the motion to adjourn
till Monday, are out of order until the Journal has
been read. I think we are bound to remain here
until we have a quorum.
| ' The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that <
the House may adjourn whether the Journal has
or has not been read.
The question was then taken on the motion that
there be a call of the House, and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 79, nays 65; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Willis Allen, Allison, William
| Appleton, Averett, Brenton, Brims, Buell, Bushy, Joseph
; Cable, Caldwell, Chandler, Chapman, Clark, Darby,
1 George T. Davis, John G. Davis, Dean, Doty, Eastman,
Ficklin, Freeman, Gaylord, Giddings, Gilmore, Gorman,
I Green, Grey, Grow, Harper, Haven, Hendricks, Henn,
! Hibbard, Hillyer, Horsford, Houston, John W. Howe,
Thomas M. Howe, Hunter, [ngersoll, Jackson, James
Johnson, John Johnson, Daniel T. Jones, George W.
Jones, Kurtz, Letcher, Martin, Meacham, Miller, Millson.
Molony, Morrison, Murphy, Murray, Newton, Orr, Samuel
W. Parker, Penn, Perkins, Porter, Kobie, Scudder, Smart,
Stanly, Benjamin Stanton, Stratton, Sweetser, Tnurston,
Townshend, Venable, Walbridge, Wallace, Walsh, Wat-
kins, Welch, Wilcox, and Williams—79.
NAYS—Messrs. John Appleton, Babcock, Barrere, Bell,
Bocock, Bowie, Bragg, Burrows* Lewis D. Campbell,
Churchwell, Cleveland, Clingman, Cobb, Conger, Curtis,
Dockery, Duncan, Fay, Floyd, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Good-
enow, Hall, IshamG. Harris, Sampson W. Harris, Hay-
call, Howard, Ivas, Jenkins, George G. King, Little, Lock-
