1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
179
t;.in. John Moore, N.itieis, IVim.inan, I'mvell,
Kn'hari^on, Kiddle. iiohm^on. Ross. Sabine, S.ii-kett, IV*-
vul li iniMir. t trt-j.'ii S. Soyinotir. ■•'tcderu'k 1* Stanton,
Ru-:i.ird H Suntou, Abraham 1\ Stephen^, Htone, Stuart,
Suth'TUiui. Taylor, \Yjal, AJdi-oii \Ylale. \\ Lkiru-k, .uul
\V >hI\\ aui— • >.
So it was ordered that there be a call of the
House.
Mr. OR 11. There is a quorum present. Would
it be in order to move tlu:t all lurcher proceedings
in the call be dispensed with:
The SPEAKER. The call of the House has
not yet been commenced.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. Would itnotbe
in order to move tii.it the vote by whtch the call
was ordered, be reconsidered :
Tue SPEAKER. it would.
Mr. OflU. Then I submit that motion.
Mr. OKAX. My only object in moving that
there tv a call of the House, was to get a quorum,
and, witli the permission of the House, as my ob-
ject has been attained, I will withdraw that mo-
tion.
The SPEVKER. It is not within the power
of the gentleman now to withdraw the call, be-
cause it has been ordered by the House. It would
be in order, after one name has been called by the
Clerk, to move to dispense with further proceed-
ings in the call.
Mr. HARRIS. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the call was ordered.
The question was taken, and the motion to re-
consider was passed in the affirmative.
The SPEAKER. The question now recurs
upon the ordering of a call of the House.
Mr. DEAX. I believe that I have now the
power to withdraw the motion I submitted, that
there be a call of the House, and I do so.
The Journal was then read and approved.
A message was here received from the Senate,
through asbtrt Dickixs, Esq, its Secretary,
notifying the House that that body had passed
bills and resolutions of the following titles, viz:
S. R. No. 67. A resolution allowing in certain
cases, to the owners of steamers, further time to
make the necessary preparations to brin.--; their
vessels within the provisions of an act entitled
•' An act to amend an act entitled ' An act to pro-
' vide for the better security of the lives of pas-
' sengers on board of vessels propelled in whole
' or in part by steam,' and for other purposes,"
approved August 30'h, 1352.
S. R. No. 52. A resolution for the relief of the
estate of Isaac L. Battle.
S. R. No. 53. A resolution to confer additional
duties and powers on the Solicitorof the Treasury.
S. No. 479. An act for the reliefof Edwin Lord
and Francis Bacon.
S. No. 469. An act for the relief of Captain Lang-
don C. Easton, Assistant Quartermaster United
States Army.
S. No. 453. An actgranting a pension to Avery
Downer.
S. No. 544. An act for the relief of James Jef-
freys and Jeremiah M. Smith.
S.No. 493. An act granting a pension to Sarah
Crandal.
S. No. 366. An act for the relief of Hodges
Lansdale, and the legal representatives of Rinaldo
Johnson, deceased.
S. No. 120. An act to incorporate the Pioneer
Manufacturing Company of Georgetown, in the
District of Columbia.
S. No. 566. An act authorizing the Secretary
of the Treasury to issue a new register to the ship
Prentice, and chanse her name to that of Leonie.
S. No. 4*0. An act for the relief of Lieutenant
Colonel Ebenezer Durnont.
And bills of the House of the following titles,
with amendments:
H. R. No. 291. An act to amend an act enti-
tled " An act for the discontinuance of the office
of surveyor general in theseveral districts, so soon
as the surveys therein can be completed; for abol-
ishing land offices under certain circumstances, and
for other purposes."
H. R. No. 2":3. An act to extend the provisions
of an act approved the 3d of March, 1847, and the
act approved the 26th of February, 1849, forcar-
rying into effect the existing compacts with the
States of Alabama and Mississippi, in relation to
the five per cent,, fund and school reservations.
And the following bills of the House, without
amendment: ,
II. R. No. 187. An act for the construction of
military roads m Oregon Territory.
H. R. No. 137. An act for the relief of Osborn
Cross, of the United States Army.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER. The Chair begs leave of tlie
House to present three or four Executive com-
munications. some of which he is informed ou^ht
to be immediately referred to the committees having
charge of the matters to which they relate.
There was no objection, and the Speaker then
laid before the House the following Executive
communications:
I. A letter from the Secretary of the Interior,
transmitting a statement of the receipts and ex-
penditures on account of the Navy pension fund,
for the year ending 30th September, 1852.
On motion by Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, it was
Ordered. That th.' said letter and accompanying state-
ment be laid upon the table, and printed.
II. A letter from the Secretary of the Nnvv,
submitting an additional estimate for the purchase
of land adjoining the Navv Hospital at Norfolk,
Virginia.
On motion by Mr. HOUSTON, it was
Ordered, That the said letter ami accompanying papers
be referred to the Committee on Ways and Means, and
printed.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
copies of the Journals of the Legislative Assem-
blies of the Territories of Utah and Oregon, of the
sessions of 1851-'52.
Also, copies of the laws of Minnesota Territory,
passed at the last session of its Legislative Assem-
bly, and the laws of Utah Territory, passed at the
first session of its Legislative Assembly; which
were referred, on motion by Mr. RICHARDSON,
to the Committee on Territories.
Also,acommunication from Peter Parker, trans-
mitting statements of judicial fees received at the
United States Consular Court,at Shanghai; which
was referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
RINALDO JOHNSON.
Mr. BOWIE. I move that the act for the re-
lief of Rinaldo Johifton be referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. That is a private
bill, which has just been received from the Senate.
It is not now before the House, but lies on the
Speaker's table.
Mr. BOWIE. I then move, with the unani-
mous consent of the House, that it be taken up,
that it mav be referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. SWEETSER. I object.
On motion by Mr. HILLYER, it was
Ordered. That the petition and papers in the ease of Lewis
Rawlston be withdrawn from the files of the House,and re-
ferred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. MOORE, of Louisiana. I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House for leave to withdraw
from the files, the petition and papers in the case
of Thomas Hicks, that they may be submitted to
the Land Office. Mr. Hicks filed, at the last ses-
sion, his petition, praying for the confirmation of a
claim to land in Louisiana. Since that time, it
has been ascertained that the land was confirmed
to him twenty-four years ago, but that, through
the negligence of the Surveying Department, it had
not been laid off to him.
It was then
Ordered, That leave be granted for the withdrawal of the
petition and papers in the case of Thomas Hicks, that they
may be submitted to the Land Office.
Mr. MILLSON. At the beginning of the ses-
sion, I filed a petition of the Messrs. Bakers, ask-
ing a registry. Since that time, an act has been
passed authorizing the Treasury Department to
act upon these cases. I ask the consent of the
House to withdraw that petition, that it may be
presented to the Treasury Department.
The SPEAKER. Unless objected to, it will be
so ordered.
Mr. HUNTER. I move that when this House
adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Monday next.
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. If we should have
a session of one hour to-morrow—it being objec-
tion day—we might pass private bills.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. It is not objection >
day.
The question v/as then taken upon Mr. Hpn- i
ter's motion, and it was agreed to.
CENSUS RETURNS FROM CALIFORNIA.
Mr. WILDRICK, from the Committee on En- i!
rolled Bills, reported as correctly enrolled a res-
olution in relation to the census returns from the
State of California; which received the signature
of the Speaker.
THE STEAMBOAT LAW.
Mr. SE\ MOUR, of New Yorl{. I ask the
consent ot the House to take up a resolution for
immediate action, which has been just reported to
the House from the Senate, providing for an
alteration of a single proposition contained in the
steamboat law, which was passed at the last ses-
sion. The necessity for it arises from the fact,
that the law is to go into effect on the 1st of Jan-
uary in certain parts of the United States, and the
1st of March in other parts. The difficulty lies
here: It has been found impossible to provide in
all cases steamers with the requisite machinery
that is provided by law; and in some instances
inspectors have not been able to provide them-
selves with the necessary tests and machinery
which are required. This resolution provides that
tliev may have that power.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi. Following the
example of the gentleman from North Carolina,
[Mr. Stanly,] and the gentleman from Michigan,
[Mr. Stcart,] who are going to object to every-
thing, I object.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
The SPEAKER. The question pending is to
lay the resolution, offered a day or two since by
the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Harris,]
upon the table.
The resolution was then read, as follows:
" Resolved, That it shall be the standing and special order
of this House, after to-day, to call the committees for re-
ports until all the committees have been once called: Pro-
vided, That no bill or resolution reported under tins order
shall be put upon its passage, unless by the unanimous con-
sent of'tlie House : Provided further, Thatany bill reported
and proposed to be put upon its passage, if objected to, may
be withdrawn by the gentleman offering it."
Mr. STUART. Upon the motion to lie on the
table, I demand the yeas and nays.
Mr. ORR. I hope that the yeas and nays will
betaken. We have been acting upon this prop-
osition for three or four days, and I hope we will
dispose of this matter.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken on laying the res-
olution on the table, and there were—yeas 67, nays
72; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Willis Allen, John Appleton, Thomas
II. Bayly, Barrere, Bell, Bocock, Bowie, Breckinridge,
Brigns, Buell, Burrows, Burt, Joseph Cable, Caldwell,
Lewis D. Capipbell, Chapman, Clark, Cleveland, Curtis,
Doty, Fay, Floyd, Freeman, Gilmore, Gorman, Green,
Grey, Grow, Harper, Haven, Hebard, John W. Howe,
Ives, James Johnson, John Johnson, Letcher, Little,
McMiillin, Mcacham, John Moore, Morrison, Nabers,
Newton, Orr, Porter, Riddle, Rohie, Ross, Sackett, Scud-
der, Origen 8. Seymour, Stanly, Benjamin Stanton, Rich-
ard H. Stanton, Abraham P. Stephens, Stuart, Sweetser,
Thurston, Townshend, Venable,Walbridge, Ward, Welch,
Addison White, Wildrick, Williams, and Woodward—67.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Allison,William Appleton, Aver-
ett, Bartlett, Beale, Bragg, Brenton, A. G. Brown, Busby,
Chandler, Cha=tain, Clmrchwell, Clingman, Cobb, Darby,
George T. Davis, John G. Davis, Dean, Dockery, Duncan,
Ficklin, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Gaylord, Giddin'gs, Goode-
now, Hall, I-i.;un G. Harris, Sampson W. Harris, Hascall,
Hendricks, Henn, Hillyer, Houston, Howard, Thomas M.
Howe, Hunter, Itigersoll, Jackson, Jenkins, Andrew John-
son, Daniel T. Jones, George W. Jones, George G. King,
Kurtz, Loekliart, Marshall, Martin, Mason, Miller, Mill-
son, Molony, Murphy, Murray, Olds, Samuel W. Parker,
Penn, Penmman, Perkins, Powell, Sabine, David 1 >■ Sey-
mour, Smart, Smith, Frederick P. Stanton, Thaddens
Stevens, Stone, Sutherland, Walsh, Watkins, Wilcox, and
Yates—72.
So the House refused to lay the resolution upon
the table.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. INGERSOLL asked permission to record
his vote, not being within the bar at the time hia
name was called.
Mr. CABLE, of Ohio, objected.
Mr. STUART demanded the yeas and nays
upon the adoption of the resolution; which were
ordered.
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. Is it in order to
move to postpone this resolution forone week?
The SPEAKER. It is not in order, the pre-
vious question having been ordered. It can be
done only by unanimous consent.
Mr. STUART. I object.
The question was then taken upon theadoption
of Mr. Harris's resolution, and there were—yeas
67, nays 73; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Allison, Averett, Bartlett, Bragg,
