1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
181
toon bill, so as to grant to Dr. William T. G. Mor-
ton a r 1 \v:i ni of no; less than one hundred thousand
do'lars f>r 'umng made this discovery: and that
amendment was most strenuously urged by the
committee on the consideration ot' the Senate. It
tur ed (Hi; that no memorial had been presented to
the committee. They had not !>een charged with
the consideration ot" the subject in anv shape or
form by the Senate, to my knowledge but, never-
theless, properly perhaps, in view of what they
considered to be the interest of the Army and Navy
of the United States, they did report an amend-
ment to that bill, proposing to grant the very large
sum which I have mentioned, to Dr. Morton;from
which we must infer that that committee has
already prejudged the subject; that they have al-
ready formed an opinion upon the merits of the
question, I have no doubt with the most perfect
g>od fa'th, with the most entire integrity. But I
numb'y conceive that this application oueht to go
to some committee that has not prejudged the case,
and let them take it up de novo. It struck me that
the Committee on Patents and the Patent Office
was the proper committee to refer it to. It is the
committee charged with the subject of discoveries
an 1 inventions. Now, I desire the Senate to con-
sider—but first, I would inquire of the Chair
whether this is now an open question?
The PRESIDENT. It is. The Chair an-
nounced that the memorial would be referred to the
Committee on Patents and the Patent Office, as
moved by the Senator, unless objected to; but ob-
jection was made by the Senator from Arkansas,
who suggested that it should go to the Committee
on Mil i'arv Affairs.
Mr. SMITH. 1 supposed it was an open ques-
tion. The Committee on Military Affairs, for
a'.i rht I know, unanimously—I think that was the
statement made towards the close of the last ses-
sion—did on an ex parte hearing, without any no-
tice to the family of Dr. Wells, and without the
knowledje of either my colleague [Mr. Toccey]
or myself", who are charged more particularly with
the vindication of what we conceive to be the rights
ofDr. Wells's family, prejudge this question, and
did come to the conclusion that Dr. Morton was
the original discoverer of this most important
agent.
Mr. SHIELDS. Mr. President, I know that
my honorable friend does not want to cast any re-
flection upon the Committee on Military Affairs,
but I regret to say that he is sometimes very tin- 1
fortunate in his manner of expressing himself in
relation to it. f am aware that so far as the com-
mittee is concerned, he does not mean to cast any
reflection upon it; still his speech to-day may have
that appearance. 1
Mr. President, the case to which he alludes was
examined by that committee preciselyas every ease
is examined. How do committees examine cases?
I did not know that there was such a man on earth
as Dr. Wells? How could I tell? The case was
before the committee, and we disposed of it as we
dispose of every case. The committee never send
for persons and papers to examine a case pro and
ton. They take it as it comes before them. We
may have been mistaken in this case. Perhaps we
were, but we acted on what was before us. We
acted as we believed honestly and conscientiously;
and as for these other parties, we did not know that
they were on the earth. How could we dispose
of the case in the way thegentleman mentions ? I
therefore beg the Senator once again to cease these
reflections upon that committee. We had enough
of them at the last session when he made similar
reflections. I dislike to hear a gentleman whom f
esteem and respect, so unfortunate in his observa-
tions as he has been this morning. I know nothing
about the cabe. It is a case which I cannot com-
prehend; but it is in the handBof a member of the
Committee on Military Affairs who seems to un-
derstand it. I do not care whether this memorial
goes to the committee or not. I hope it will not.
I wish it would go to another committee. But,
at the same time, I beg my honorable friend from
Connecticut to abstain from the reflections which
he is casting upon the committee, that the case
was not fairly before them, that it was examined
in an ex parte way, that we had prejudged it, and
bo on. Such is not the case. There was no un- ,
fairness of that kind on the part of the committee.
Mr. SMITH. I am certainly very much sur-
prised that the honorable Senator from Illinois
should have deemed it necessary to interpose with u
'' the train of remarks which he has just submitted
to the Senate; as I commenced my remarks with
disclaiming utterly the idea of calling in question,
in the slightest degree, the motives, the purposes,
or the impartiality and rectitude of the Committee
on Military Affairs. I made that disclaimer at
the last session of Congress, in language just as
emphatic as I could use, or as I could command.
I never had any idea of questioning the propriety
of the course of that honorable committee, and,
least of all, that of the honorable chairman him-
self, for whom I cherish, and ever have cherished
sentiments of the very highest respect. But I did
complain at the last session of Congress, and I do
complain now most bitterly of the course pursued
by this William T. G. Morton; for, although the
honorable chairman and the other honorable mem-
bers of the Committee on Military Affairs did not
know that there was another party—two other
parties in point of fact—contesting his claim as dis-
coverer, there were such claimants, but he did not
make that fact known to the committee. I do
complain of his going before that committee with-
out my knowledge, or that of my honorable col-
league, and procuring an ex parte hearing before
them, and their decision in his favor, when he
knew that the family of Dr. Horace Wells, of
Hartford, would have appeared there in opposi-
tion to his pretensions, and would have endeav-
ored to show that those pretensions were utterly
unfounded, if they had known of his application.
I do say, and 1 have a right to say here, after
what transpired at the last session of Congress,
that the Committee on Military Affairs had, on an
ex parte hearing, formed an opinion with regard
to the merits of this entire subject—I will not use
the word "prejudged," for that seems to give
some offense to my honorable friend.
All that I desire is an impartial hearing by some
committee—and I do not care what committee,
whether a standing or select committee—that lias
not formed an opinion with regard to the merits
of the entire case. I have moved a reference of
the petition to the Committee on Patents, because
it seemed to me to be the appropriate committee;
and L would remind my honorable friend, the
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs,
that I happen to be a member of the Committee
on Patents, and am therefore in very much the
same conditon that he is. I have formed an opin-
i ion with regard to the merits of this question; but
J I do not know that any other member of that com-
J mittee has done so. I presume no one has. I am
willing to retire from that committee; and I say
here, that if the Senate refer this memorial to the
Committee on Patents, I will ask to be excused
from serving on that committee, and let the case
be fully examined by honorable members who
have not formed any previous opinion upon it. It j
is entirely immaterial to me what reference the ;
Senate may make; all I desire is, that the matter
should have a full and fair investigation, and a I
candid consideration; and I will do my friend, the
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs,
the justice to say, that if it should be the pleasure
of the Senate to put it into his hands, I believe he
would endeavor to give it a fair and candid consid-
eration, and make an honest disposition of the
case.
Mr. BORLAND. This subject has brought out
a discussion which I did not expect when I made
the suggestion which I submitted with regard to
the reference of the memorial to the Committee on
Military Affairs. My object in suggesting that
reference, instead of a reference to the Committee
on Patents, was simply in order that the whole
question might be before the Committee on Mili-
tary Affair?. The Senator from Connecticut seems
to have misconceived the action of the committee,
and the whole position of the subject as they
brought it before the Senate. There was no ex
parte proceeding, sir. This subject was not, at the
last session of Congress, referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs; but action having been
taken upon it in the House of Representatives, and
there having been a very full report upon it, after
an examination of the parties on all sides, by a
committee of that House, at the head of which
was a gentleman not only highly competent and
accomplished as a member of Congress, but also
as a member of the medical profession, and he
having made an elaborate report after a full exam-
ination,the subject came before the Committee on
Military Affairs in the Senate, and also before the
Committee on Naval Affairs, and both committees
directed members from their number to move and
sustain an amendment to the appropriation bill,
making proper compensation to the patentee of
this important discovery. The knowledge of the
subject obtained by the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Committee on Naval Affairs of the
Senate was from the report of the House commit-
tee to which I allude. Though the subject was
not referred to us, we deemed it proper, not only
from a sense of justice to the patentee, but on ac-
count of the great benefit to the public service,
that some acknowledgment and compensation
should be made for the use of this important med-
ical agent.
When the subject was brought in here at the
last session, as an amendment to the Army appro-
priation bill, the two Senators from Connecticut
rose and opposed it. The main ground of objec-
tion on their part, to the action of the Senate at
that time, was, that the subject had not been fully
laid before the Senate, or the committee, and that
the committee had considered only one side of the
question, and that it was improper for the Senate
to act upon the subject upon views formed upon
so narrow a basis. The proposition was rejected
by the Senate. Early at this session of Congress,
a memorial from medical men in Boston was pre-
sented and referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs. Thus, by no solicitation or seeking on
their part, but as a regular proceeding on the part
of the Senate, it was made the duty of that commit-
tee to considerthe subject and report upon it. The
committee now have the matter under considera-
tion, having committed to me as a sub-committee,
the preparation of a report. When, therefore, I
heard the presentation of another memorial repre-
senting the interests of other parties, it was perfectly
natural that I should ask to have it referred to the
same committee, especially in view of the objection
which the Senator from Connecticut made at the
last session and repeats now, in order that the
Committee on Military Affairs might have the
whole subject before them. I was desirous, and
: it seems to me it will strike the mind of every one
I as perfectly natural, in order to avoid such an ob-
jection, to have all the facts and suggestions on
i both sides of the question before the committee.
Let us see what both parties have to say; let both
have an opportunity to be heard by the same com-
mittee.
I have no particular desire to attend to this busi-
ness; ft has really come into my hands against
my. will, having already more business to attend
to, in which I feel a deeper interest, than I can
well find time to dispose of. But the committee
having made it my duty to attend to the matter,
which was sent to us by an order of the Senate, I
have simply asked that all the facts may be laid
before us, that the views of the contending parties
may be presented to us, so that we may make a
report which shall not be objected to on account
of its ex parte character.
Mr. SHIELDS. So far as I am concerned,
and I think 1 can speak for the whole of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, there is no member of
that committee who takes the slightest interest in
this question, except to do justice to all parties. I
now make this proposition, in view of the trouble
and difficulty we had on this subject at the last
session, that a select committee of five be ap-
pointed by the Senate, to take charge of this
whole subject.
Mr. CASS. The subject is not worth it.
Mr. SHIELDS. The honorable Senator from
Michigan thinks the subject is not worthy of the
consideration of a select committee; but it will
consume the time of the Senate, especially as one
of your standing committees is not considered
competent to act upon it. I am not particular about
the committee being raised by the Senate; let it be
appointed by the Chair.
Mr. SMITH. That will be perfectly satisfac-
tory to me.
Mr. HALE. I am sorry to hear the remark of
the Senator from Michigan, that this subject is not
worthy the consideration of a select committee.
Mr. CASS. I wish to say that I know no more
of the merits of this case than "ihe man in the
moon;" I merely meant this by my remark: If
when one of this kind of claims comes up, the
ciicumstances are such as require a special com-
mittee, why may not the same be said of other
cases ? 1 do not think we should refer subjects
