182
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
JcLIla
to a special committee when we have three or
four standing committees to whom the reference
-would be equally appropriate. The remark I made
was a general one.
Mr. HALE. I was about to make the same
suggestion which has been made by the Senator
from Illinois, but I am glad he made it instead of
leaving it to be made by me; because if I had made
it, this being a subject which relates entirely to the
sick and wounded, it might have been supposed
that 1 made it with reference to those gentlemen
Who belong to that category outside of "healthy
organizations." But the suggestion having come
from a gentleman who does not stand in such a
suspicious position, it will certainly be received with
more favor by the Senate; but let that go. I think
if there ever was a subject presented to the Senate
which demanded, as a matter of right, a full and
fair investigation, it is this. I think I am not ex-
travagant when I say, it is one of the discoveries
of the age which has done more to alleviate human
suffering than any other ever made in the healing
art since it was first practiced. And it is one, too,
of which the Government is availing itself every
day, in the Army and Navy; it is one for which
the Government of the United States has already
issued a patent. But I have nothing to say about
that. It is one which the Government is using
constantly, and with the greatest success—with
infinite benefit. And whilst the Government is
thus using it with such success, and so great
benefit for the cause of humanity, both in the
Army and Navy, I think it is incumbent upon the
Government to do something in the way of com-
pensation for this great benefit. I do not think it
is right to enjoy this benefit without conferring
some compensation upon the discoverer. If Dr.
Morton be entitled, let him have it; if it belong to
the heirs of Dr. Wells, let them have it. I think
the Senate should investigate this matter, so as to
know to whom this great' merit rightly belongs,
and render the compensation to the proper person.
I think we should either pay for it, or give up its
use. Entertaining these views, and wishing that
all parties may feel that they have been fairly
treated, though I have full confidence in either of
the committees, I think the suggestion of the Sen-
ator from Illinois should be acceded to, and that a
select committee of three or five should be ap-
pointed to investigate this matter; and if they do
investigate it, they will submit a report which may
be relied upon, and do justice to the parties.
Mr. WALKER. I cannot agree in the sugges-
tion made by the Senator from Illinois for the ap-
pointment of a special committee to consider this
subject. I rather concur in the sentiments ex-
pressed by the Senator from Michigan, that this is
a case like almost every other case that can be im-
agined, which will fall properly within the jurisdic-
tion of some of the standing committees. It has
been too much the fashion, when particular individ-
uals, or particular classes of individuals, either in
or out of the Senate, manifest a deep personal or
collective interest in a particular matter, to put the
Senate to the trouble of raising a special committee
for their especial benefit. This subject, it seems to
me, more properly belongs to the'Military or the
Naval Committee, tfcan any other. The Army and
the Navy, and the public hospitals of the country,
are those which avail themsel ves of the great benefits
resulting from this discovery. The question to be
determined by the committee is, who made the dis-
covery ? and then to measure somewhat its impor-
tance, add to award, eitherin honor, or by a pecuni-
ary compensation, what is due to the discoverer. It
is said by one of the members of the Committee on
Military Affairs, that the subject is already under
investigation by that committee, that they are now
proceeding with its investigation. It is now pro-
posed to bring before them the memorial under
consideration; and I think it is proper and right
as a part of the case has gone to that committee!
that the yhole should go there. Is there any rea-
son why it should be taken out of the general rule
of propriety ? I think not. Here is another branch
of the case now brought up, and it is not claimed
that any question of a patent is involved in it. No
patent is claimed to have been issued to the indi-
vidual. He does not seek the establishment of*
patent right, or anything of the kind. No ques-
tion of a patent beinginvolved.it should not be
referred to the Committee on Patents; but it is now
proposed to compromise between these two com-
mittees, by raising a special committee. Who of
us will pay the Military Committee the poor com-
pliment to say that they are not as well qualified
to investigate this matter as any special committee
which may be raised ? Will you look over the
Senate and make a selection of physicians to be
placed upon the select committee? How many
will you find ? and after you have found them, how
many of them will know anything as to the use of
this remedial agent in the Army or the Navy? If
you do not pick out physicians, where will you
find members more competent to investigate this
case than the Committee on Military Affairs ? I
think it will be a difficult matter to find a more
competent committee. There are but few physi-
cians in the Senate, and one of them is upon the
Military Committee. I think the reference to that
committee is a proper one; and as a part of the
case is before them, 1 hope the residue of it may
go there; and I move that this memorial be referred
to the same committee to which the other branch
of the case has been referred.
Mr. SMITH. In conformity with the sugges-
tion made by the chairman of the Committee on
Military Affairs, [Mr. Shields,] I will substitute
1 for the motion which I originally made to refer
the memorial to the Committee on Patents and
the Patent Office, the motion to refer it to a select
committee of five. I presume the Senate will be
willing to have that committee appointed by the
Chair. I know that will require unanimous con-
sent, and if objection should be made the Senate
will, of course, have to make the appointment.
While I am up, Mr. President, I wish to cor-
rect a mistake which was made by the honorable
Senator from Arkansas. He stated that this sub-
ject had been investigated by a committee of the
House <if Representatives. I would remind the
honorable Senator that it was a select committee.
But he further stated that that select committee
made a report on the subject. That I deny, with
great respect to my honorable friend. They have
never made any report to this day.
A Senator. Are you not mistaken ?
Mr. SMITH. No, sir, I am not mistaken.
Mr. BORLAND. I do not know what the
Senator from Connecticut means by a report, but
this I do know, and this I do aver here upon this,
floor: that I was informed by the chairman of
that committee of the House of Representatives,
Colonel Bissell, of Illinois, that he, as chairman,
representing a majority of the committee, did
make a report to the House, a printed copy of
which I had in my hand, and together with him
I examined it; and that it was not made to the
House at the time we were considering it here,
because reports from that committee had not been
called for, and they had been unable to get it in.
Not only was that report prepared on behalf of
the majority of the committee, but a minority re-
port was also prepared, a copy of which I have
received from thegentlemanmakingit—Mr.Stanly,
of North Carolina—since I reached the city and
since this session of Congress commenced. Both
these gentlemen have informed me that both these
reports had been made, one by the majority, the
other by the minority of the committee. Now,
the statement of the honorable Senator, together
with the facts, which he cannot controvert, may
go for what they are worth.
Mr. SMITH. If my honorable friend had per-
mitted me to pursue the remarks which I was sub-
mitting, he would have seen at once that there
was no occasion whatever for his interposition.
What I stated is true. No report was made by
that select committee on this subject at the last
session of Congress, and none has been made to
this day. A very extraordinary step, however,
was taken by somebody, I-will not say by the
committee. They drew up a report; a majority
of the committee signed it; and then it seems to
have been put into the hands of Dr. Morton, the
claimant, and he went and had it printed at his
own expense. But, I repeat, no report has been
made to this day, and whether any ever will be
made is more than I know. One of the gentlemen
who signed the majority report has since died—a
fact which I very sincerely deplore—and a substi-
tute has been appointed in his place, and that sub-
stitute, in looking over the case, has come to a
conclusion in direct opposition to this Dr. Morton,
so that, as the select committee now stands, there
are three on it for Dr. Morton and two opposed
to him ; and if another should resign or be re-
moved by death, for aught I know, before a report
is made, the conclusion will be in direct opposition
to what was once that of a majority of the com-
mittee.
I cannot but regard it as a very extraordinary
fact, that a paper drawn up, and not presented to
either of the two Houses of Congress, should be
put into the hands of a party interested in the re-
sults of the committee, and. that he should be per-
mitted to print it in advance of the communication
of the report to the body by which the committee
was raised. I deny that that document has any
authority. The committee are at liberty to alter
it at any time, if the opinion of a majority of the
committee should be changed. What it will be
next month is more than I or anybody else can say.
Now, when this unauthenticateu, novel, and
most extraordinary document was taken, without
the knowledge of my colleague, or myself, and
without the knowledge of the family of Dr. Wells,
and carried before the Committee on Military Af-
fairs, which took it up—intending to do right, I
will admit; I do not call in question theirmotives—
without knowing that the family of Dr. Wells was
resisting the application of Dr. Morton, without
having one particle of the testimony which we put
into the hands of the select committee of the
House, without even the report of the minority of
that committee, and came to the conclusion—I have
no doubt with the intention to do every thing right
and fair—that the claim of Dr. Morton ought to
be recognized and that a very large sum of money
should be granted him from the Treasury—under
such circumstances, I am unwilling that this memo-
rial should go into the hands of tne Committee on
Military Affairs. What has that committee to do
with it? This is a claim for money out of the
Treasury. If it is to go to any standing commit-
| tee, perhaps it should more properly be referred to
the Committee on Claims; but I am willing to have
it referred to a select committee. I had some diffi-
culty, some doubt, some hesitation, in moving the
reference to the Committee on Patents and the Pat-
ent Office, because I am a memberofit;and I am in
the same situation on the subject as my honorable
friend from Arkansas, [Mr. Borlanb.] That
Senator—it will berecollected by himself and other
members of the Senate—insisted at the last session
of Congress that the proposed amendment which
emanated from the Committee on Military Affairs
should be adopted" by the Senate. He not only
voted for it, but argued the question. He addressed
the Senate, ifl mistake not, more than twice upon
the subject. It seems now that a petition has been
presented at the present session of Congress on
this matter. I knew nothing of the presentation
of any such petition. I did not know that the
question was before the Committee on Military
Affairs. But it seems that it is, and that the peti-
tion has been put into the hands of the honorable
Senator from Arkansas. He was.here voting for
a final disposition of the question at the last ses-
sion of Congress. He has obviously formed an
opinion upon the subject; yet now, at this late
day, after that opinion has been formed and an-
nounced here—I have no doubt at all with all fair-
ness, and with every disposition to do what is
honorable and right—and that honorable Senator
has made every effort he could in his power, to
give effect to the opinion which he expressed at
the last session of Congress, we are to be required
to go before him—for it seems he has jurisdiction
over it; the whole thing has been put into his hands
—and he is to decide and report to the Senate
whether the family of Dr. Wells have any claim
in relation to the matter.
I must confess that it would seem to me to be
altogether better to put the subject either into the
hands of some standing committee, like the Com-
mittee on Claims—for I waive most cheerfully my
original proposition to refer it to the Committee on
Patents and the Patent Office, in consideration of
the fact that I am a member of that committee—or
to a select committee. I agree with what the hon-
orable Senator from New Hampshire [Mr. Hale]
has stated, that it is a subject of high importance;
a subject of deep interest, and one that may be
well worthy the consideration and attention of
the Senate. Let there, therefore, be appointed a
select committee, composed, if possible—and if
they be appointed by the Chair, 1 know they will
be such—of gentlemeh who have formed no dis-
tinct opinion on the subject; and let them take it
up and examine it, and make such a report as
they may deem proper.
