1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
183
Mr. CASS. 1 move to lay this subject on the
table. It has now consumed an hour, and we are
apparently no nearer the end than we were when
the discussion commenced. This petition has
given rise to a vast deal of discussion thnt does
no! bear at all on the merits of the case. I move,
therefore, to lay the whole subject upon the table.
The motion was agreed to; there being, on a
division—ayes '.20, noes 13.
LIBERTY OF CONSCIENCE ABROAD.
Mr. CASS. Mr. President. 1 have been re-
quested to present the petition which I now send
to the Clerk's table, from the Maryland Baptist
Union Association, and to move its reference to
the appropriate committee. 1 do this with pleas-
ure, hot only out of regard to the motives and po-
sition of those who make this application, butalso
be-;;use I entirely concur with them in the import-
ance of the object they seek to obtain,and in the
propriety of calling the attention of the Govern-
ment to it—an object dear to us, and in its conse-
quences to the world now and hereafter. This
body of pious and intelligent Christians anxiously
desire the freedom of religious worship for their
countrvmen wherever the accidents of life may
carry them. And it is not strange that this senti-
ment should be strongly felt and strongly ex-
pressed in this land of Gospel liberty. But it is
strange that in this age of the world, and in this
day of intellectual advancement, any obstacle
should be interposed by any Government in Chris-
tendom to preventthe believers in the faith of Jesus
from following thedictates of their own consciences
and while rendering unto Cresar the things that
are Ca?sar's, prohibit them from rendering unto
God the things that are God's, agreeably to their
own convictions of the injunctions of His Divine
Word. I coincide fully with the signers of this
petition, that the base of all freedom is the free-
dom of conscience, and that there is no tyranny
so revolting as that which tyrannizes over the
mind.
[Here Mr. Smith objected to the remarks of
Mr. Ca*s as not being in order upon the present-
ation of a petition; but the Senate permitted Mr.
Cass to go on.]
We have a right to be heard in such an appeal
as this, for we have tried the great experiment—
an experiment no longer, for it has become experi-
ence—of the entire separation of Church and State,
and have shown that unrestricted freedom of wor-
ship is not only best for the political interests of a
country, but fiest for the true interests of religion
itself. Unfortunately, the errors of dark ages
have not yet wholly yielded to the progress of
truth, and in many countries the civil authority
undertakes impiously to exclude any form of reli-
gion but its own, and non-conformity is not the
want of conformity with the will of God, but the
offense of preferring the Divine will to that of the
ruler. Human presumption has never gone further
than in the creation of a standard of faith with
which all must agree, or be subject to the penalties
of the Government here, and to the denunciations
of the church hereafter. So far as regards the
profession of particular doctrines as a necessary
qualification for office, however we may lament its
presumption and injustice, we have no rational
cause of complaint, as that is a question of internal
policy; and nothing better illustrates the slow
progress of truth in those old countries, where it
has many interests and prejudices to encounter,
than the fact that even in England, with all its real
claims to freedom and intelligence, a Jew to this
day cannot occupy a seat in Parliament without
taking an oath by which he abjures his own faith
and the religion of his forefathers.
But we have a right to expect from the comity
of all friendly nations that American citizens be
permitted to enjoy liberty of worship wherever
they may go. There is not the slightest reason-
able objection to such a demand. It ought not, in-
deed, to be necessary; for this unworthy system
of intolerance has not the least foundation in reason
or religion. It is a mere relic of barbarism, inca-
pable of defense, converting the religion of the
Gospel into an engine of State, and substituting
human fallibility, or rather human presumption,
for those personal convictions of religious belief
and duty which every one should exercise for him-
self, and for the exercise of which every one is re-
sponsible.
In what manner it may be proper for our Gov-
ernment to present this grave question to other
Governments I do not undertake at present to say.
I shall move the reference of the petition to the
Committee on Foreign Relations, feeling satisfied
that they will give it their earnest attention, and
in the hope that they will make a report which will
be authoritative as the expression of our views,
and, still more, those of our constituents, in any
communications the Executive may open with
foreign Powers. Certainly there can be no objec-
tion to firm and friendly representations; and I
cannot doubt that these declarations of the wishes
of the American people will have weight every-
where, and I am satisfied they will ere long pro-
duce a salutary effect on some countries, and event-
ually on all. This is a piece of interposition
which will befits this Republic; and as day by day
we find ourselves engaged in far different questions,
we have cause to feel gratified that the opportunity
is offered us of aiding in a work which commends
itself to our consideration by the highest motives
that can influence human action.
And I am free, sir, to confess, that for myself I
rejoice at the occasion thus given to us, while
pleading for the free toleration of religion, to bear
our testimony to its priceless value. Independent of
its connection with human destiny hereafter, I be-
lieve the fate of republican governments is indis-
solubly bound up with the fate of the Christian
religion, and that a people who reject its holy facts
will soon find themselves the slaves of evil pas-
sions and of arbitrary power. And I am free also
to acknowledge that I do not see altogether with-
out anxiety some of the signs which are shadowed
forth around us. A sublimated imagination with
some, and unregulated passions with others, are
producing founders and followers of strange doc-
trines, whose tendencies it is easier to foresee than
it is to account for their origin and progress. But
they will find their barrier and their remedy, not
in legislation, but in sound religious opinion,
whether they inculcate an appeal to God through
stocks and stones, and rappings, the latest and the
most ridiculous effort upon human credulity, or
whether they seek to pervert the Scriptures to the |
purposes of their own libidinous passions, by de-
stroying that safeguard of religion and social or-
der, the institution of marriage, and by leading
lives of unrestricted intercourse, thus making pros-
elytes to a miserable imposture, unworthy of our
nature, by the temptations of unbridled lust. The
experiment was tried in Germany some three cen-
turies ago, in a period of strange abominations,
and failed, and it will fail here. Where the word
of God is free to all, no such vile doctrine can per-
manently establish itself.
I now move the reference of this petition to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I rise to tender my
thanks to my friend from Michigan, and to say
that I hail him now as a follower, if not a leader,
in the right road of progress. He ha? at last
joined with me in that kind of progress of which
I have always been in favor. [Laughter.]
Mr. HALE. This is evidently an important
subject, from the manner in which the honorable
Senator from Michigan has treated it; but it
strikes me that the character of it is objectionable.
It seems to me that it is an attempt on the part of
the United States to introduce into foreign coun-
tries a " higher law " than that which is tolerated
by the civil governments of those countries. The
toleration of other religions than their own is not
allowed there by law; and their law is the highest
law known to them. This is a petition or an ap-
peal on our part to induce them to tolerate a
higher law than the law of the land. The Sena-
tor from Michigan says that we are the most ap-
propriate people in the world to make it. It
strikes me directly the other way. We have de-
nied that to our own people. We have branded
that as one of the foulest heresies that can be
broached. The idea that there can be a higher
law than the Baltimore platforms, or the fugitive
slave law, has been hooted and scouted from one
end of the land to the other; and it seems to me
that, if there are to be apostles of the higher law,
they ought to come from some other country than
this. I agree with-the object of the petition. I
think it is a highly meritorious one, and I think
that there ought to be an appeal made to those
II countries, and to those Governments, to recognize
I the fact that there is a God in heaven and a con-
■ i science in man. But, sir, I do not think we are
the high priest to minister at that altar. I think
that, of all the nations of the earth who should go
out on this mission preaching to the despotisms of
the Old World the doctrines of a higher law, we
should be the ones to stay at home; and they had
better send missionaries to us, and we had better
have the doctrine preached and practiced here, be-
fore we go abroad to preach it to other folks.
These are my notions.
Mr. CASS. I merely want to observe, that if
I had the least idea of what the honorable Senator
meant, I would endeavor to answer him. My re-
spect for him would induce me to do so.
Mr. HALE. The honorable Senator does not
understand me, because I mean exactly what I
say. That is so uncommon here, that he does not
understand me. [Laughter.]
Mr. CASS. I confess I do not understand you.
The petition was referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. SHIELDS, it was
Order*!, Tlmt the memorial of a Committee of the Cor-
poration of the city of Washington, on the files of the Sen-
ate, praving an appropriation ro repair the present bridge
across tin' Potomac, be referred to the Committee on the
District of Columbia.
On motion by Mr. WALKER, it was
Ordered, That the petition of citizensof Washington and
Georgetown, on the files of the Senate, relative to the in-
corporation of a manufacturing company m the District of
Columbia, be referred to tile Committee on the District of
Columbia.
On motion by Mr. HAMLIN, it was
Ordered, That the petition of the heirs of Samuel Rem-
ick, on the files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee
on Revolutionary Claims.
On motion by Mr. GWIN, it was
Ordered, That Charles B. Polhemus and Charles Gris-
wold, of the firm of Alsop and Company, have leave to
withdraw their petition and papers.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to which was referred a petition of citizens
of Portland, Maine, reported a bill to create a col-
i lection district in the State of Vermont; which
was read and passed to the second reading.
Mr. SEBASTIAN, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, to which was referred the memorial
of John S. Davis, a citizen of California, praying
remuneration for losses occasioned by the Indians,
asked to be discharged from the further considera-
tion thereof; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the memorial of delegates from the
Shawnee tribe of Indians, praying that the appro-
priation made by the House of Representatives
for the payment of moneys due them under and
by virtue of the treaties of 7th November, 1825,
and 18th August, 1831, may not be stricken from
the bill, asked to be discharged from the further
consideration thereof; which was agreed to.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. BAYARD, agreeably to previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill grant-
ing and reconveying the arsenal in the town of New
Castle, in the State of Delaware, to the trustees of
1 said town, and their successors; which was read
' a first and second time by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. BRODHEAD, by unanimous consent,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill for the
relief of Chambers C. Mullen; which was read a
first and second time by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
CONDUCT OF COMMODORE MORGAN.
Mr. HALE submitted the following resolution
for consideration:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy bo directed to
inform the Senate the number of days the United States
razee Independence, the flag-ship of the Mediterranean
squadron, commanded by Charles W. Morgan, was at sea
after her arrival at Naples, on the 14th of September, 1849,
until she sailed thence for the United States, on the 29th
: March, 1853; how many days said ship was at anchor in
I the bay or harbor of Naples, and how long at Spezzia, or
; other ports during that period ; what portion of the afore-
iI said two and a half years was passed on shore, and how
much of it on board ship hy said Morgan; what is the esti-
!' mated expense of ashipof the class of the Independence,
properly officered and manned, per day or per year ;
whether said Morgan, without authority from the Depart-
i ment, while his ship was lying at anchor in the bay of Na-
ples, chartered or employed a merchant vessel to transport
'1 supplies for his squadron from Spezzia to Naples, and
II whether the cost of such transportation lias Men charged to
