1853.
TIIE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
187
of tKir iit'e. You left a period of some forty
years: for which you have never done them jus-
tice to this verv day. I am tor doing; justice
to them through their heirs, late as it is, upon
the maxim, "better late than never." I will go
as far as any m.ui living can go, to do justice to
the officers and soldiers of the revolutionary war,
according to every promise ever made to them,
and to the whole of their families, including their
wives, where any are left; but I repudiate, I eschew
everything like this partial system of legislation
by which you open the Treasury to a particular
class and their families; whileothers equally meri-
torious are excluded. 1 have somtimes thought
that we could not remember the obligations of
justice we owed the dead, because there was no in-
fluence m the grave, while the living speak and
act, and are heard, and carry an influence at elec-
tions: and, therefore, are remembered and pro-
vided for upon colorable pretext, by imposing
burdens on the public.
Mr. President, I say again, that I have made so
many speeches upon this subject, and have found
it so utterly useless, and so utterly unavailing,
that I hope I shall never be called to speak upon
it again. I think I never will.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on the
amendment offered bv the Senator from Maine.
Mr. HAMLIN. I desire to say that I have
added a few words to my amendment to make it
more distinct, and I ask that it may be read.
The section was read, as follows:
Sec. 4. *$iu! be it further cnacte-i, That the widows of
aH officers, nou cmnmi^mnetl officer?!, musician*, and
privates of the revolutionary Army who were married sub-
sequent)} to January, Anno Domini 1SOO. shall be entitled
to a pension in the same manner as those wbo were married
prior to that date.
Mr. DIXON. As I have a vote to give upon
the proposition now pending before the Senate, I
desire to say a few words explanatory of that
vote. I esteem the proposition extremely import-
ant, and I regret that I am compelled to differ from
my colleague in his conclusion on a question of
the character of that which is now presented to
the consideration of the Senate. I understand that
the proposition is to give to those widows of of-
ficers and soldiers of the Revolution who were mar-
ried aftt-r the war the same compensation which
was granted by the Congress of the United States
to widows of officers and soldiers of the Revolu-
tion who were the wives of those soldiers during
the pendency of the war. I understand that my
colleague objects to this proposition, and insists
that although it was right to pay the widows who
■were married during the Revolution, it is wrong to
ray those who married after the war had terminated.
I do not agree with him at all in the proposition
which he urges upon the Senate and the country.
Why, sir, do we pay at all ? What claim has a
widow who was living during the Revolution to
anything at all for the services that were rendered
by her husband' What claim has she to be paid
superior to that which the widow has who may
have married an officer or soldier subsequent to
the time when the Revolution terminated : i put
the question to my honorable colleague. What is
the principle upon which we pay at all? It is,
sir, the principle of gratitude for services ren-
dered by him who fought the battles of his country,
and aided in achieving the indepen3ence we now
enjoy as a nation. That is the principle upon
which we act. It is because the services were
rendered, and it is for those services that we pay
the widow; not because she rendered services, but
because her husband rendered them; and why
should we pay one and not the other? Is there
reason for paying her who was married at the time
of the Revolution, and no reason at all for paying
her who was not the wife of the soldier at the time
when the fervices were rendered ? I can see none
myself. I do not see the force of the reason
which my colleague urges on the Senate against
the payment of such claims as these. For my
own part, f must confess I am in favor of paying
all those who reridered any service to the country
in that desperate struggle which was made by our
ancestors to achieve the independence of our com-
mon country. I am in favor of paying all who
can come here and satisfy the Senate'that the ser-
vices were rendered upon which the claim is
founded.
These are the views which I entertain in regard
to the proposition before the Senate. My col-
league, however, insists that he will not pay these
claims, and why ? Because he says they are par-
tially distributed. Is it a reason why we shall
not do a just act, because we cannot do every-
thing that we desire to do? Is it a reason why
the Senate shall not do justice to one case, be-
cause it cannot do justice to all? Will my col-
league stop in the bestowal of his charity when
he meets the wretched beggar in his path, merely
because he cannot extend his bounty to every ob-
ject of charity that exists throughout the world?
It is enough for me to know, when the case is
presented, that it is one which has a claim upon
the gratitude of the country. Whenever I am
satisfied of that fact, 1 am ready at once to vote
the full amount that may be required to satisfy the
debt. This, Mr. President, is just such a claim.
The old soldier of the Revolution ! How did he
come out from the terrible strifes, the conflicts,
and the sacrifices of that glorious war? How did
he come out from the battles he had fought for his
country ? • He came covered with wounds and
scars, stripped of his fortune. 1 do not mean of
honor, for glory settled upon his brow, and honor
everywhere met him in his pathway. But he was
left without anything but reputation; without any-
thing but patriotism and the consciousness that he
had served his country faithfully. Your Govern-
ment was poor, and unable to pay him at that
time. It did not pay him. It left him to struggle
with misfortune, and to sink; beneath the over-
whelming wave of adversity. Many of those
poor men, in circumstances like these, actingupon
the great principle that influences all men of seek-
ing for somebody to care for them in their old
age, took to their bosoms wives to solace them
when the world might cease to be kind, and to
sympathize with them when forgotten by all
others besides; and are we to be told that the com-
panion of the old soldier's life, and the partner of
his misfortunes, is not to be paid for the services
rendered by him in the defense of his country?
Why, sir, if it is right to pay for the service to the
widow of the deceased, it is just as much right to
pay to one widow as to another—and why is it
not? It is because the claim is a meritorious one
that we pay it; because the gratitude of the country
is poured out to those who have defended it. All
nations, acting upon principles of gratitude, have
erected monuments to those who fought their bat-
tles and sustained the liberties of the country
against its enemies. They have erected mon-
uments to the great men who have performed great
actions for them in the field, or whose wisdom has
guided them in their counsels. You cannot erect
monuments to all the poor soldiers of the Revolu-
tion ; but you can at least save their widows from
starvation. You can do that, whenever such cases
present themselves to the Senate; and as long as I
may be a member of this body I shall endeavor to
do something, however little, towards sustaining
those who are the representatives of the noble
men who struggled for my country's freedom. If
it is right to pay at all in one case, it is right to
pay in another case. If a widow is entitled at all,
in consequence of services rendered by her hus-
band, one widow is as much entitled as another.
It would be difficult for my colleague to show that
there is any difference in principle. According to
his view of the case, if an officer or soldier mar-
ried one day before the termination of the war,
his widow would be entitled to a pension; but if
the marriage took place one day after the war was
concluded, she would be cut off from all participa-
tion in the bounties, or the gratitude of the country.
For my part, I have no scryples about this mat-
ter. I find, its a general rule, that when I consult
my heart before I act, my judgment generally ap-
proves my action. I have consulted it in this
case, and it tells me that I owe a debt of gratitude
to the soldier of the Revolution, and if he died be-
fore it was paid, I will pay it to her who shared
his poverty when living, and whose only legacy
now that he is dead, is the recollection of his noble
sacrifices to achieve the independence of my coun-
try, and secure to me and to my children, the
liberty we now enjoy.
Sir, we are now rich. We have an overflowing
treasury. I understand that about $20,000,000
will be left in the Treasury next year, over and
above what will be necessary for the expenditures
of the Government, and yet we talk about the ex-
travagance of paying the widows of the soldiers and
officers of the Revolution.
Mr. President, I make these remarks merely
from the fact that I feel responsible for the vote I
am about to give, and because I am compelled to
differ from my honorable colleague, in whose
judgment I have the greatest confidence. I agree
with theSenator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Davis,]
that there is no man here or elsewhere, who is more
conscientious, and who feels more deeply the in-
terest of the country, than my colleague; still,
when a question like this appeals to my judgment,
and still more strongly to my feelings, I have not
the heart to say that the wretched widow of the
old soldierof the Revolution shall not be sustained
by the bounty of the Government.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. When I had acknowl-
edged the unpopularity of my course on this sub-
ject in this body, when I had said that I supposed
the remarks which I made would have but little
weight upon the action of the Senate; when I had
deprecated having opened my mouth again upon
the subject, 1 really hoped that I should not have
been questioned by my colleague, or any other in-
dividual, so us to make it necessary for me to say
another word.
1 rise now to answer the question put by my
honorable colleague. He wishes to know how I
can make a distinction between the widow of a
soldier who lived with her husband during the
revolutionary war, and one who is the widow of
a revolutionary soldier, who married subsequent
to 1800. I make the distinction on this ground:
The widow who passed through the sufferings
consequent upon the war with her husband, who,
while he was in the battle-field fighting for his
country, staid at home attending to the care of the
children, if they !;ad any, and if not, attending to
appropriate domestic duties, in preparing clothing
and other necessaries for her husband, who re-
ceived at home, or flew to the camp, or hospital,
to nurse her sick or wounded husband, and restore
him to the duties of the field, accomplished much
more to render the services of her husband efficient
in promoting the objects and success of the Revo-
lution, than the widow who married subsequent to
1800. Indeed, it was impossible for this last to
give any assistance as a wife prior to the marriage,
i and as that did not occur until near twenty years
after the close of the war, there cannot be attrib-
uted to her any aid or assistance in helping the
country in war. She may not have been born
until the war was over, or if born, too young to
afford the least assistance. To state the case is
' enough to show that there is no comparison be-
{ tween the situation of the wife of the soldier who
was married throughout the war, from beginning
; to end, and that of the woman who was not his
1 wife until after 1800. It was impossible for the
woman first married in 1800, to experience the
i anxiety and distress of those revolutionary mat-
| rons, who from every passenger feared tidings
j of a husband's death and country's overthrow.
There is, therefore, as great a difference in the two
cases, as there is between fighting and want in the
midst of war, and repose, affluence, and plenty in
the midst of peace.
But some gentlemen who have argued as my
colleague has on this occasion, and have always
so argued, for I have felt their lances heretofore,
always go upon the ground that the soldier, when-
ever an extension of a pension to the widow be-
comes necessary, is poor, is abject, with nothing
to live upon, and that he died, leaving the widow
in that condition. I have said time and again, if
that be his condition, do him justice; pay him all
you promised; pay the debt of gratitude to his
whole family, and not to the widow exclusively.
I have said it time and again, and I say it again
to-day. But you take for granted what is not
true. They are not all poor and abject. They
are not all incapable of obtaining a living. Many
of them are independent, I know; for 1 have had
the honor of associating with thetn. But if they
are independent, does that make a difference in
your obligation and your duty to mete out justice
to them? Gentlemen, by their arguments, would
make a distinction between the rich and the poor.
The poor soldier and the poor widow are to be
remembered, pitied, and provided for. The fewer
number may be found on the side of the wealthy,
but I discard all distinctions entirely when I ex-
press my gratitude for services which have been
rendered. I haveno such distinction in my creed.
I have nothing to do in my legislation here upon
any distinction between rich and poor. If you
have obligations, pay them to the rich as well as
