188
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 3,
to the poor. Just as soon as you make that dis-
tinction and legislate upon it—end I am sometimes
afraid it is beginning—there is an end to just legis-
lation, and to your institutions. I view old sol-
diers, rich and poor, as standing precisely upon
the same platform, and I view the widows as
standing on the same platform. But my colleague
asks, if you pay one claim,whynot pay the whole?
Sir, it is no claim at all.
Mr. DIXON. I hope the Senator will UBder
stand me.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I understood my col-
league to speak of a claim throughout.
Mr. DIXON. My proposition whs, that there
was no propriety in refusing to pay a claim which
vas founded upon justice merely because we
could not pay every claim. I understood my col-
league to say, that because we could not pay all,
therefore we should pay none. I think every claim
which comes before this body, founded upon the
principles of justice, should be paid, and when
another comes of a like character, it is right we
should pay that. If we can make a general Law
to embrace all such claims, it is proper that we
should do so. I have no idea of refusing to pay
a just claim because we cannot pay every claim.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. It is altogether amis-
take to consider these pensions as claims. The
doctrine of claims does not apply to them. The
doctrine of claims is founded in a legal or equi-
table right, a demand which can be legally or
equitably sustained as a right growing out of a
quid pro quo. That is the doctrine t\f claims. A
gratuity, a mere donation, can niver be consid-
ered in the light of a claim. Here we are dealing
with gratuities, not claims; we are dealing with
the principles which ought to influence the Gov-
ernment in making donations. That is the subject
under consideration, and not claims. And when
I get up and show that these principles, if we are
to make donations, a/e based solely upon the
merit of the officer or soldier, and therefore em-
brace the soldier's whole family, and oppose
grant after grant fo the widow, excluding all the
rest, how am 1 -answered? The answer of my.
colleague is, if you cannot pay the whole, pay
what you can. It is acknowledged, he says, that
we have money enough, that we are rich, and
why discriminate? Sir, you cannot get around it
in that w*y. It never was intended to pay the
children-anything under the idea of doing niU jus-
tice to their father; you intended to discriminate
and, legislate partially for the wife, and give her
. the whole you ever designed giving. In the re-
newal of these five-year pensions every renewal is
that much more than you were bound to give by
contract or any sound policy, and is therefore, in
my judgment, a prodigal and partial distribution
of the public funds.
I apprehend that the principles which I have
contended for in this body, and which I shall carry
out with me, will never become popular, unless a
contingency shall arise, which I hope may never
happen. If the day shall ever come in our prog-
ress, and in the operation of this Federal Govern-
ment when we shall have a pension li«t that is
oppressive to the people; if we ever hftve a civil
Eension list, together with the, military and naval
st, like that which exists in some foreign coun-
tries, so that the people shall feel it through their
purses, then the principle for which I have always
contended will be brought home to the public rea-
*°n  and then-we may find many individuals who
will think that I-,am not wrong, as I admit the
majority of thja body,have frequently declared me
to be by their votes* on thin and kindred subjects.
If that day should ever com* when the people feel
the burden, they will inquire how it was imposed,
and how it happened that a portion of the commu-
nity live out of the public Treasury • who have
never rendered any public service, and who are no
more objects of charity than thousands of others
equally meritorious in all the relations of life. If
your bounty is to be doled out to objects of cJtari-
ty, you can find thousands much more in need
than those for whom this bill provides; and if the
m,w Iov? of humanity—if the mere operation of
your soul embracing all the kindred of the human
raw is to influence you to acts of charity,, you can
find plenty of objects just as meritorious as .these.
Your charities are influenced by connecting with
the beneficiaries some popular name. You con-
nect them with some hero of the Revolution or
ef the war of 1812, or the war with Mexico; and
because that spirit is popular, and rides down
everything before it, you give money in pursuance
of its blind suggestions. Helpless infancy may go
weeping and starving to bed, decrepid old age may
be m the utmost necessity from want, and how-
ever moral and deserving they may be, you cannot
find in your heart one grain of potential sympathy
to open the Treasury and give them one dollar;
because they have no connection with the officer or
soldier of some military expedition, or some war,
to justify it. You cannot give an acre of land to
build an asylum for the insane, nor do anything
to promote the physical interest and welfare of
ourselves, and the "rest of mankind," on ac-
count of some constitutional objection; but we
have ample power to give money to a favored
member of a soldier's family, to whom no promise
was ever made, and who never rendered any ser-
vice, but who exclusively demands our sympa-
thies on account of her alliance with the man who
once served as a soldier, and whom she happens
to survive.
I beg pardon for having trespassed again on
the Senate; and 1 hope I am now out of this ,
scrape. I see a gentleman at my left, [Mr. Bad-
gsr,] who seems impatient to rise, and 1 fear, like {
all the rest, he will soon be down upon me so that I :
shall be compelled, in vindication, to speak again.
Mr. BADGER. Not a word. 1 am afraid the
Senator will break his word twice.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I do not think I have
hroken it once. I said I hoped I would not have
to speak again on the subject, but my colleague
expressly called upon me to say wherein the dif-
ference between the two cases which he mentioned
consisted. But, Mr. President, I again beg par- :
don of the Senate for having detained them. I 1
have shown where I stand, and I know how the
vote will stand, because we have had so many
evidenced of it heretofore; and I hope never to
trouble the Senate, or be troubled again in speak-
ing upon the subject. 1
Mr. BADGER. If I understand my friend
from Kentucky aright, he is in favor of having a
provision in this bill for these widows, and for a
great many other classes of persons, if they were
all put together; but he objects to anything like
partial legislation, and will not vote for the bill
unless it provides for all. Now 1 am ready to go
frith him, for my and all that bars any fair and
reasonable claim upon this Government, according
to its previous usages—not to provide for all people
that need provision, but for all those who stand
connected with such classes of the public servants
as we have been in the habit of regarding as fall-
ing within the category of those whose services we
should reward. But I cannot go with my friend
so far as to say, that because I cannot find out,
and put in one bill, all and every class of persons
who have any demand upon the Government,
therefore I will vote against a particular class who
are undoubtedly meritorious. Sir, that position
reminds me of a set of philosophers who figured
in France, and who, I believe, called themselves
TheophiUmihrofistt. They were greatly busied
upon general speculations for the improvement of
the condition of the whole human race, and were
so much occupied with that grand idea, that they
turned a deaf ear to the particular applications of
individuals in distress. I go for passing this bill.
1 deem no claimants more meritorious than the
widowsof revolutionary officers or soldiers. They
are meritorious. I will vote for them, and when
you bring forward the other classes, I will vote for
them also. But I think it would be a poor way
of doing either justice or mercy, to say that we
will not vote for these because there is somebody ,
else entitled as well as they. |'
I really have cause to complain of my friend 1:
from Kentucky, who has compelled me to make |
this speech. [Laughter.] His remarks suggest- !
ed these ideas; and 1 havesuchan impulsive spirit!'
of provocative talking that I could not resist the
opportunity to make these remarks. Having said
this much, I assure the Senate that I will not be I
tempted again to address them, however briefly, |
upon this question. [Laughter.] j
Mr. BUTLER. I think this bill involves a con-
sideration of more importance than seems to be
attached to it. I am perfectly willing to confine ;
the openttoo of the bill to the widows of revolu- '
tionaj-y officers and soldiers; but when you ex- i
tend it to the widows of thesoldiersand the officers I
of the war of 1812, you are but preparing a pre- i
cedent to extend it to the widows of the officers
and soldiers of the Mexican war, and of the differ-
ent wars with the Indians, and all other wars. As
I understand the principle involved in the pension
law, it was to bestow upon the widows of those
who performed revolutionary services something
like a mark of distinction, both as a means of sup-
port, and also a tribute to the memory of their
nusbands. I have heard gentlemen here speak of
those who were married during the war. If they
will consult history, they will find that there were
very few marriages that took place during that
war. It amounted almost to a suspension*of mat-
rimonial alliances; but between 1784 and 1794 we
all know that a great many marriages took place,
and the first act applied to those widows, and those
who were married previous to the act of 1794. It
was passed upon the ground that the widows were
the companions of their husbands and contempo-
raneous with them in some measure; and after-
wards it was extended to those who were married
previously to January, 1800. It is an arbitrary
distinction, and I am perfectly willing to extend it
to the widows of soldiers and officers of the revolu-
tionary war, no matter at what period they were
married; but when you carry it beyond that, you
establish a precedent; and you know, Mr. Presi-
dent, that the precedent of to-day is the prescrip-
tion of to-morrow. There is no guarding the bill
if we extend it to the widows of the officers and
soldiers of the war of 1812.
Mr. DAVIS. I would suggest to the Senator,
that the amendment limits the provision to cases
of the revolutionary war.
Mr. BUTLER. The amendment does that;
but I understand that the original bill embraces
the widows of the officers and soldiers of the war
of 1812. Am I right in that? So far as the revo-
lutionary officers and soldiers are concerned, I am
perfectly willing that pensions should be granted
to their widows; and, sir, I am disposed to do it
for the very reason that it does amount to some-
thing like an historical tribute to the dead. We
erect monuments in different formB in memory of
the dead; but, sir, I prefer living monuments of
my gratitude and magnanimity; therefore it is, I
would give to those who live, sooner than raise
tombs and monuments to them after they are dead.
The amendment was agreed, to, and the bill was
reported to the Senate as amended.
At the request of Mr. BRADBURY, the bill as
amended was again read.
Mr. RUSK. It seems to me, from the reading
of the bill—after having heard the question of the
Senator from Kentucky—that it revives the pen-*
sion from the time of the expiration of the act of
1816. The question will inevitably arise whether
the pension is to be given from the time that law
expired up to this time.
Mr. BORLAND. It commences from this time.
Mr. RUSK. 1 think that ought to be made
plain. I have great objection to voting against a
pension bill, especially for widows; but there is,
and always has been, great mischief in the sys-
tem. It brings around the Capitol a number of
agents, who get the larger portion of the pension,
and keep up a continual annoyance to Congress.
This bill, it seems to me, is not as clear on the
subject as it ought to be. I think I see in it room
for the operation of agents.
Mr. BORLAND. I would be very willing to
see the bill amended so as to secure the object
which the Senator suggests, but I cannot under-
stand that, as it now stands, it will mean what he
supposes.
Mr. BADGER. I think we had better adjourn,
so as to allow an opportunity to have an amend-
ment prepared. I therefore move that the Sen-
ate adjourn.
Mr. BORLAND. Let the bill be read once
more, and we can see how it stands.
Mr. BADGER. I withdraw my motion. '
Mr. BUTLER. I insist upon the motion to
adjourn, for I am entirely confident that the last
section inserted as an amendment, on motion of
the honorahle Senator from Maine, will have the
effect to give the widows of the revolutionary
officers and soldiers a pension from 1834, when
the law was passed. It must necessarily be so.
I say that with confidence, for I have noticed par-
ticularly the language of the bill. I renew the
motion to adjourn.
The motion was agreed to, and
The Senate adjourned.
