1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
189
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Montat, Jim liary 3, 1853.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Rev. C. M. Bitler.
The Journal of Thursday was read and approved.
Two other members appeared, and took their
■eats, viz:
From the State of Georgia, Robert Toombs.
From the State ot'Texas, Richardson Scurry.
H. II. Sibujy, the Delegate from the Territory
of Minnesota, also appeared and took his seat.
Oil motion of Mr. CABELL, of Florida, by
unanimous consent,
Thai leave be (ranted for the withdrawal from
the filed i)l" the House of tlie papers in the ease ot" Isaac
Harrison, l  be reierred to the Third Auditor's Office.
(The following message was here received from
the Senate by Mr. Dickivs, its Secretary.
Mr. Spevkfr: The Senate have passed bills of this
House ol the lollowins titles, vie : H. H. \o. 'ioo. An act
making further appropriations lor the construction of roads
in Me Territory oi Miunesota; H. K. \o. -60, Ail act to
amen 1 an a.-t entitled •' \n act to establish the Territorial
Government of Oregon, approved August, 1848," severally
muhout amendment.
The Senate have also passed bills of the following titles,
viz : S. \o -ITti. An act for Hie relief ofthe legal represent-
atives of !>r. William Somervillc deceased ; ■ No. 513, An
act for the relief of Joseph Morebead ; in which I am di-
rected to ask the concurrence of tins House.]
SWAMP LANDS.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana, by unanimous consent
of the House, introduced a bill, of which previous
notice had been given, for the adjustment of sales
and locations conflicting with swamp land selec-
tions; which was read a first and second time by
its title and referred, together with a letter from
the Commissioner of the General Land Office, to
the Committee on PubUc Lands.
Mr. HOUSTON, f move that the rules of the
House be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, for the purpose of taking up some of
tlie appropriation bills.
Mr.McLANAHAN. I ask the gentleman to
■withdraw that motion for a moment, to enable me
to ;isk permission for the reference of a bill for the
relief of Colonel Benjamin S. Roberts, now on the
Speaker's table, to the Judiciary Committee.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not like to object my-
self, but I have no doubt that there will be objec-
tion. If no other person objects, I will not.
Mr. JONES. I insist upon the regular order
of business.
Mr. HOUSTON'. Then I move to suspend the
rules, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee ofthe Whole on the state ofthe Union.
Mr. STANLY. What is the regular order of
business ?
The SPEAKER. Petitions, commencing with
the State of Maine.
Mr. STANLY. When we get through with
them, do not resolutions come up?
TheSPEAKER. Resolutions would follow the
call ofthe States for petitions.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Is this not reso-
lution day ?
The SPEAKER. The thirty days, to be de-
voted by the rules to the reception of petitions,
have not expired, and therefore this is not resolu-
tion day.
The question was then put on Mr. Houston's
motion, and on a division, it was not agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON demanded the yeas and nays
upon his motion; which were ordered.
The question was then taken, and there were—
yeas £*5, nays 62; as follows:
YEAS—Mes«rs, Aiken, Willis Allen, Allison, John Ap-
pleton. Ashe, Avrrett, Thomas II. Bayly, Bartlett, Bocock,
Bngffs, Brooks, BHel, Busby, E. Carrington Cabell. Joseph
Caiile, Thompson Campbell, Chandler, Chapman, Chastain
Cobb, Curtis, Dawson, Dean, Eastman, Faulkner,Florence,
Thomas J. D. Fuller, Gaylord. Giddinas, Gilmore, Good''
now, Green. Hal, Nbam G. Harris, Sampson W. Harris,
Haven, Hendricks, Hibbard, Hillyer, Hotladay, Houston,
John W. Howe, Hunter, Jenkins, John Johnson,George W.
Jones,Preston King, Kurtz,Letcher, Marshall,McLitnahan,
Moacharn, Meade, Millson, Henry D. Moore, Morrison,
Murphv, Murray, Xahers, Newton, Olds, Orr, Peaslee, Pen-
niruan, Phelps, Polk, Powell, Bobbins, Robie, Robinson,
fiavagK, Scurry, David L. Seymour, Skelton, Smith, Rich-
ard H. Stanton, Abraham P. Stephens, Thaddeus Stevens,
Htratton, Smart, Thurston, Townshend, Welch, Addison|
White, and Wilcox—K5.
NAYS—Messrs. IJarrere, Bell, Bowne, Breckinridge,
Brentoii, Burrows, Caldwell, Lewis D. Campbell, Cartter,
Clark. Clinjman. Cottman, Cullotn, Darby, Disney. Dock-
er*, Duncan, Ewinp, Fav, Ficklin, Flovd, Gorman, Grey,
Har|Mr,Hetin, Hereford,Thoiuaa M. Howe, ingeraoll, Ivee,
| Jackson, Andrew Johnson, James Johnson, Robert W.
Johnson. Daniel T. Jones, l.andry, Little, Martin, McNair,
Miller, Molony, John Moore, Samuel W. Parker, Perkins,
Porter, Preston, Kiehardson, Ross, Sabine, Sackett, Scher-
merhorn, Stanly, Benjamin Stanton, Frederick P. Stan- j
ton, Alexander H. Stephens, Stone, Taylor, Toombs, Ven- 1
able, Ward, Wiisliblirii, Watkwls, and Williams—62.
PENSION APPROPRIATION BILLS.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state oftheUnion,
(Mr. Richardson- in the chair.)
Mr. HOUSTON. I move to take up House
bill No. 329—the Navy Pension bill.
The questioli was then taken, and it was agreed
to.
The bill was then read by the Clerk.
Mr. HOUSTON. The Committee will find full
explanations upon the subject of this bill upon
page 140 of the estimates submitted this session of
Congress. There is no necessity for any addi-
tional explanation, and I move, therefore, that this
bill be laid aside to be reported to the House.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move to take up House
bill No. 330, making appropriations for the pay-
ment of invalid and other pensions, for the year
ending the 30th June, 1854.
The motion was agreed to.
The bill was then read through by the Clerk.
Mr. HOUSTON. This bill is also very fully
explained upon pages 136-'7-'8 of the estimates.
I presume that members have examined them. It
is a bill which rests entirely upon calculations. I
move that it be laid aside to be reported to the
House.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
MILITARY ACADEMY BILL.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move to take up House
bill No. 332, making appropriations for the sup-
port of the Military Academy for the year ending
the 30th June, 1854.
The motion was agreed to.
The bill was then read through by the Clerk.
Mr. VENABLE. Mr. Chairman, I had in-
tended to have addressed the Committee of the i
Whole on the President's message, during the :
first days of the session, on the foreign policy to
which it refers, but the introduction of the tariff,
and the discussion which sprung up thereon, as
well as a serious indisposition which prevented my
attendance in the House, rendered it impossible.
I do not regret the event, because I am gratified
that the House manifests a disposition to consider
and refer the message, and avert the discursive
and interminable debate which was likely to arise.
It is to me a source of great regret, in thinking of
the past, that the House were chargeable, during
the last session, with at least an apparent want of
courtesy to the Executive, in that during a term
of ten months, his message was never referred to
the appropriate committees; I say apparent, be-
cause I am very far from supposing that anything
ofthe kind was intended. It is worthy of remark,
however, that such an occurrence is not to be
found in any previous portion of our legislative
history. It is to be hoped that it may not occur
again. I trust that I shall be pardoned for avail-
ing myself of the first opportunity of expressing
my views upon a subject second to none in im-
portance, which we may be called upon to con-
sider—matters involving momentous consequences
to ourselves and our posterity—interests which
affect our relations with the whole civilized world
 and consequences which must give character to
the future progress of the principles of free gov-
erment—deciding whether our example and our
institutions are really to be such an exposition of
our" purposes, as shall authorize our claim to speak
as the practical benefactors of mankind. None
can be insensible to the responsibilities which rest
upon this Government in the judgment of the
world.
It is our high duty, Mr. Chairman, to demon-
strate, by a constitutional and wise administration
of our domestic affairs, and a just and honorable
policy towards other nations, that free govern-
ment—the government of the people—is not a fail-
ure, but a successful experiment of all that is de-
sirable in social organization; an undeniable proof
that it is the best and the safest mode of admin-
istering political power, looking alike to external
peace and internal prosperity, originating in a just
I conception of the dignity of man, and continually
illustrating in practice the highest excellence at-
tainable by human wisdom. That this is practi-
cable I cannot doubt. But I am equally sure that
it can be secured only by prudent policy, and a
stern adherence to the precepts of justice and in-
flexible determination to regard the rights of other
nations, and the restraint of all desires of undue
advancement of our own interests at their expense.
Our original organization as a Government, and
our unparalleled progress to wealth, greatness, and
Cower, would, in any other age of the world, havfe
een considered a romance. The historian who
should have recorded such annals, would have
been esteemed as one who was not careful of the
truthfulness of his statements, and men would
have regarded his narrative as evidence of a pow-
erful imagination, rather than a medium for the as-
certainment of facts. In three quartersof a century,
a people weak in numbers, and of small resources,
have advanced to the position of one of the first
Powers of the earth. To us this grest trust has
descended; and I surely do not claim too much
when I say that it becomes us to be watchful that
progress be for the future in the right direction,
and that nothing should be lost by a policy which
shall cast suspicion upon our national integrity , or
introduce false principles into the administration
of our Government.
I have been induced to make these remarks, be-
cause the message has presented for our consider-
ation the subject of the acquisition and annexation
of Cuba, as well as by the demonstrations which
both the press and many of those who form pub-
lic opinion have for some time since made before
the country. We have heard of the capacity of
some to swallow a whole country, and others who
desire the American continent and the adjacent
islands. These are sometimes the uttered senti-
ments of those in high places. Canada, Cuba,
Mexico, and the islands of the seas, are all
looked to as the subjects of acquisition in the great
history of progress and the propagation of free
principles. From all of this, Mr. Chairman, 1
enter my dissent. The almost unlimited territory
now in our possession is surely enough for us to
pause upon in order to complete the great work
■which we have to do within our own borders.
I The harvest of prosperity in which we are called
! to labor and reap is ample, rich, abundant, which,
as a wise people, we ought to be content at least
for a season to enjoy. To hazard such brilliant
prospects would be both unwise and wicked.
We have been but inattentive observers of pass-
i ing events not to know that there is, and has been,
a purpose formed by those who have manifested
the courage to effect it, to acquire the possession
of Cuba by creating and fostering a spirit of rev-
olution there, and a separation of that Island
from the dominion of the Spanish Crown. Of
such a system of intervention I cannot approve.
I think it peculiarly our duty to discountenance
any such enterprises; to enforce the laws which
grow out of our treaty stipulations; to maintain
peace with our neighbors, and to regard the eter-
nal principles of justice in all of our transactions.
In the message of the President our relations
J with the Spanish Government in reference to Cuba
j are before us for consideration; and I take this
occasion to remark, that it is due to him to ac-
knowledge that he has endeavored to execute the
I laws in relation to the forcible invasion of Cuba
' by American citizens. I cannot censure him be-
i cause he did not countenance the invasion of the
! territory of a people with whom we were and are
at peace. Our Government cannot and ought not
to be complicated with such transactions. It is
due to the Executive to declare that he did in his
policy discourage and refuse to protect those who,
in full view of the consequences, embarked in
that disastrous enterprise. I weep over the fate
of those who were victims. They fell martyrs
in a cause in which they risked their lives, their
all. They have the honors of martyrdom, the
only alternative to success. I cannot condemn
the Executive because he refused to implicate
our Government with this matter—because he re-
fused to recognize those who, by a violation of
the laws, had placed themselves beyond their pro-
tection as American citizens recognized by treaty
stipulations. Should the citizens or subjects of
any foreign Power invade the State of North Car-
olina, and attempt to effect a revolution there, there
would be accorded to them summary justice. The
most expeditious mode of execution, even with a
