1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
191
refused 10 sell. The course of our own people was
mainly instrumental m that determination. The
omy uiotle ot acquisition besides is by conquest
m a war with Spam, or annexation alter a revolu-
tion ii.us been successfully prosecuted to inde-
peiult'nf. The first can oniy be justified by
wrongs indicted and unredressed by Spam upon
the I'.itted Mates; lor no just man can for a mo-
ment tolerate the monstrous wickedness of a war
of conquest. War—the greatest temporal evil,
except na'tonal dishonor, and never justifiable ex-
cent as tue u'tinmte resort,—war, if unjust, is
the greatest crime which stains the world. For
tius 1'iere exists no pretext, and it is presumed
none will arise. The second involves consequences
of the gravest character. None can be ignorant
tii.it the true cms.- which makps Cuba desirable
is in the fact that it is cultivated by slave labor,
which alone gives va'ueto agricultural pursuits in
tropical countries. Would not the instincts of self-
pre*ervatiori. as well as a determination to render
valueless possessions forcibly wrested from the do-
minion oi'Spam, cause thcui to liberate theslavesof
Cu:>3, in order to arrest the spirit of aggression by
foreign ad venturers? Should this be done, of what
value would the possession be to the South? What
a nuisance would be established upon our coast! If
liberated by the Ciueen and Cortes, there is not,
neither ought there to be, any legislative power to
make them slaves again. I could never vote to
enslave any man who had ever possessed a right
to liberty according to the laws of the Government
in whi' h he lived. Sir, if you were 111 command
ofan army in the presence of an enemy—if you had
a large magazine of the munitions of war, which
wouid most probably fail into that enemy's hands,
would you not destroy them to prevent that re-
sult? The Russian Autocrat covered himself with
g'ory by burning his capital to destroy an invader.
Spain, exasperated with the power to inflict the in-
jury upon those with whom she was at war, would
do the same. Such an annexation would indeed
be the opening of Pandora's box—a legacy of evil
never to be exhausted. The greatest and most
far-seeing friends of the South and southern in-
stitutions. looked upon this question of the acqui-
sition of Cuba with the deepest concern. And
here, sir, I would, with pious and reverential care,
perform a duty which I owe to the memory of a
distinguished statesman, whose unclouded and un-
equaied mind constantly reflected upon and studied
the iuterests of his country generally, and his sec-
tion in particular—whose pure heart to its latest
throb was filled with love to his country, and
whose matured judgment made him the safest
guide. 1 refer to the great South Carolinian, who
tut two days before his death, charged me, that
should he be misrepresented upon this subject, to
give to the world his true opinion. It has been
said that Mr. Calhoun was in favor of the annex-
ation of Cuba; that he was for annexation at all
events. This is not true. I feel bound by a
promise made to Mm to correct the statement.
He said if Cuba ever comes to us, it must be by
treaty, honorable and satisfactory to both coun-
tries, otherwise it is forbidden fruit to the United
States. This was said in referenceto the indirect
mode of acquiring it by annexation after a revolu-
tion, rendered successful chiefly by adventurers
from this country. The conversation related to
an interview with certain persons, inhabitants of
Cuba, who called upon him a few days before.
A gentleman now present in this House was with
me when they called on Mr. Calnoun; we rose to
leave the room, he requested us to remain and
witness the conversation. They spoke to him of
the expected revolution and the operations of
General Lopez; he said, what we now all know to
be true, " Gentlemen, you are mistaken; Cuba is
not ripe for revolution; het people are not ready
for such a state of things; and if Lopez invades*
Cuba, the enterprise will be a failure, and I tell
you, that under no circumstances can this Govern-
ment be complicated with this revolution." He
often said to me, Cuba, from her situation, can
never be alienated to any other Power than the
United States, and Spain, the owner, is the best
stakeholder; best for us and best for the world.
Nothing but unavoidable necessity could justify
force in taking it. The purchase is improbable,
and we now have most of the commercial advan-
tages without the expense of administering the
government. These were the words and opinions
of one whose bright name will ever irradiate the ;
pases of our annals—pure, wise, patriotic and
just; one who cherished no narrow views, and
whose opinions and conclusions were the result of j
profound thought and impartial investigation; a
statesman, as contradistinguished from a mere jiol-
itician;a man who had the firmness to be just
amidst the outbreakings of senseless clamor, and
whose expectations of the future, amounted almost
to prescience.
Reflection, Mr. Chairman, has confirmed me in
the propriety of his conclusions. Independently
of the difficulty just referred to, the emancipation
of the slaves in Cuba in case of a revolution,
(which act would meet the approbation both of
France and England, whose emancipated colonies
surround the Island,) there are other objections to
the acquisition, not only of Cuba, but of Canada,
or any other territory, which deeply impress my
mind. Some two years since we witnessed the
deep agitation in this Hall, and throughout the
country, upon the territorial question. I have
drank the cup which was then presented to my
lips in the shape of the compromise. I did it at
the command of the State to whom I owe my alle-
giance, and to whom and my Creator alone 1 owe
allegiance. At the command of my State 1 acqui-
esced in measures of which I did not and do not
approve. But I will not commit treason against
tiie State whose constitution and laws protect me.
I acquiesced because those who had a right to con-
trol me required it. I acquiesced honestly. I
sacrificed feeling and judgment in doing so, but I
was bound to do both at the command of my sov-
ereign State. I am not now willing todisturb that
which I am solemnly bound to obey. The coun-
try demands repose; and I trust it may have re-
pose. I will look for peace, and will not prophesy
evil. I cannot if I would, be ignorant of the fact,
that the acquisition of territory must again awaken
sectional hostility between the North and South.
Contention will again break forth with renewed
vigor with the acquisition of newterritory, fanning
into life a flame which will sweep over the whole
land. I cannot be ignorant that such an acquisi-
tion would bring back a renewed agitation of that
subject, which the experience of the past few years
has rendered so painful to every member of the
House.
But, sir, carry out the doctrine which has been
often asserted with reference to the acquisition of
Cuba; get it fairly if you can, but get it any-
how, and the same view will annex Canada. This
is not desirable. We have already a vast fertile
unoccupied territory. The millions of Europe
are emptying upon our shores, and, like the drops
which fall into the ocean and then disappear and
go to swell the mighty mass of waters, they flow
along to the great West, and cover our territo-
ries. We feel their landing for a moment, and
they disappear and go where bread can be obtained.
Millions and millions of acres in the great West
are yet lying uncultivated. Yet we hear desires
expressed for more territory, and Cuba must be
acquired to furnish an outlet for our slaves ! Sir,
there is a great mistake upon this subject—a griev-
ous miscalculation of the effect of such an outlet.
If Cuba was a new and unsettled country, and
with capabilities for production such as it now pos-
sesses, then it would aflFord the outlet for the ex-
tension of the area of slave territory. But Cuba
has a great population—a vast multitude of slaves
and free blacks, as well as of Spanish population,
already there; and such is the unproductiveness
of the negro race that the slave trade is the means
of supply. This, upon the transfer of the Island,
must cease, and would cease. The drain for labor
would be from the Atlantic slave States, already
deficient in operatives. Railroads and other de-
veloping improvements are incalculably increasing
production, and land is abundant and labor scarce.
The drain of labor would operate most deleteri-
ously upon the State of North Carolina, ns upon
all the sea-board States.
But, sir, this is a branch of the subject which I
may more suitably discuss before my constituents,
than on the present occasion.
I believe in the adaptation of our institutions to
the government of all who will ever grow up within
our limits. Among those indoctrinated from child-
hood with the principles of the common law, there
is no difficulty in administering the Government;
but there can be no more hazardous experiment
than the absorption of a whole people with dif-
ferent views of government, and with different
| views of the relations of men with each other, into
another political organization. They will consti-
tute a disturbing element in the legislation, and will
destroy the peace, the harmony, and prosperity of
the country.
We have heard a great deal of sympathy for
human liberty—sympathy for the human race.
When I was a younger man, I had not the same
view of this subject which I have now; but I have
seen this sort of sympathy clustering around every
kind of fanaticism. We have seen it producing
evil, falsely named good, and destroying, instead
of promoting the peace of the country. It may
do for Fourth of July orations, to hear sophomores
talk about human rights, and trumpets calling to
victory, and all that sort of thing; but when you
come down to the solemn reality of life, we find
that every nation ill the world that can take care
of its liberty has obtained it; and if there are na-
tions who have it not, the reason is, because they
canifot take care of it. Suppose a portion of the
people of any country have rebelled, and you send
troops thither for the purpose of sustaining the
weaker party against the stronger, do you not see
that as soon as those troops are withdrawn, the
stronger party will recover their ascendency ? Do
you not see that by your own principles, the ma-
jority have the right to govern, and that when
you send an army to force liberty upon a people
who do not understand it, when you have with-
drawn that force, the stronger party will over-
power and put down the weaker ? If we set our-
selves at work as crusaders to establish human
liberty, you destroy everything at home. We
desert all of our best interests. We lose every-
thing like State sovereignty, and we concentrate
around our Government principles and influences
which, while they strike to enlarge our limits,
strike at the root of our liberties also.
I am conservative, thoroughly and utterly so;
I am in favor of protecting my rights in my own
property, the rights of my constituents, and the
rights of my neighbors. We cannot live in peace
with other nations, if we disregard the rights of
j property in those nations. Sir, human liberty
i j exists only in and with the principles of the com-
| mon law. The reason why the South American
republics have never been able to establish their
liberty has been that they have not the substratum
of that embodied perfection of human reason, the
common law.
We sometimes speak of the two-pence tax upon
tea as the cause of our revolutionary war. That
I led to the disruption, but was only an item in the
account. It was the principle sought to be im-
posed upon us, of taxation without representation.
We were the descendants of the Cavaliers and
Puritans. The Cavaliers drove the Puritans from
England to Plymouth, and Puritans in England,
in turn, drove the Cavaliers to the mouth of the
James river. Yet, with these hostile parties in
England, what do we find at the commencement
of the Revolution ? Patrick Henry, the Cavalier,
and Randolph, the Cavalier, with Adams, the
Puritan, join in the summons to arms. Their an-
cestors found a temple in the wilderness, a Church
without a Bishop and a State without a King, and
Puritan and Cavalier united to perpetuate both.
It was rational liberty which they possessed, and
for it they cheerfully endured their trials.
I look back with pleasure to the fact, lhat I was
one of the few who refused to vote congratulations
upon that resolution, which threw out the king,
and threw up the Provisional Government of
France. I never believed there was anything
there worthy of admiration; and we have seen it
advancing from one step to another, until we have
seen a mushroom Emperor clad in the parapher-
nalia of a great kinsmen, at one time the conquer-
or of Europe, and the wonder of his age at an-
other, and at last a captive on a lonely isle of the
sea. He has passed over vows, constitutions, en-
gagements; and the voices so lately raised in a
shout for liberty, equality, fraternity, now shout
lone live the Emperor.
[ He has taken one more step towards ruin; one
ii more act in the drama so frequently performed of
i late years is reenacted before the world. The end
II isby-and-by—just another step.
i Those who are worthy of freedom, and will
take care of it, have it. Look over the whole
broad earth, and show me men capable of self-
i government, men worthy of liberty and her insti-
ll tutions, and I will show you men who are free.
