192
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 3.
There never was * more mischievous error than
that which assumes that the people and the politi-
cians of this country, are propagandists of free
principles and free government. With such peo-
ple and such politicians, I have no affiliation.
I will do justice to the President, though he and
I differ about many things, and though I have
never been a supporter of the present Administra-
tion, nor has its policy met with my approbation.
Justice requires me to say that in regard to this
filibustering spirit, he has maintained a position
which ought to secure to him the respect of this
people. Some of the processes of his reasoning I
ao not concur in, and some of his deductions I
repudiate. There are things in his message with
which I do not agree; but for his general policy
in discountenancing the invasion of a country with
which we are at peace, I take this occasion to say,
he deserves the respect of the country. I have
yet to learn that anything is to be gained by deny-
ing justice to any man, whether of your own or
any other party.
But, sir, I do not speak by the book; I am not I
in communication with those coming into power,
I, for one, desire no such mischief for my coun-
try; and I trust no policy will be adopted by us
which will tend to such a result. I appeal strongly
to my southern friends to war against this propa-
gandism.
There is a progress downward as well as upward.
There is a progress backward as well as forward.
There is nothing just, and holy, and true in this
world that has not been sought to be crushed down
by the chariot-wheels of progress. Mahomet
preached progress. The earth has been drenched
with blood and whitened with the bones of the
slain, under the war-cry of progress. Napoleon
slew his millions under the plea of progress. And
this isprogress! Not the progress which I approve.
I am for that benevolent, that wholesome progress
which grows out of wise and sound policy; that
great benevolence for which kind feelings and im-
fraises were ordained, which makes every man
ook to his Government as his protector and friend.
Sir, I believe the party with which I am asso-
ciated, adopt these views, and I feel a pride in be-
lieving that the incoming Administration will sus-
tain that policy. I trust that throughout the length
further than as an humble member of the party, j and breadth of the land there will go forth such
and as one of those who supported the election of
the President elect. But I firmly believe, and I
cherish the belief, that the incoming Administration
will maintain a policy upon this subject which will
be elevated and blameless. I have determined thus
early in the session to make knpwn my opinions
to those interested in them, and to those whom I
have the honor to represent; and to enter my
solemn protest against a policy which looks to the
absorption of adjoining countries—which disre-
manifestation of indignation at any attempt to
intermeddle with or overturn the institutions of
neighboring nations, as shall make it utterly odi-
ous for any man to seek popular favor, by raising
this war-cry of progress.
I am willing to be ealled behind the age; I am
willing that it should be said that I have learned
nothing from progress. One thing I have learned,
and that is, that the eternal principles of justice can
never change, and that crime, whether national or
gards treaty stipulations, and must tend to the [ individual, must meet its reward. No man can
BAAnialtinB A.C atlll AirtVlAI> —4 ' .i.  a. _ _ 1 : 1  1 1. ... -.1 . <• i
acquisition of still further territory, undesirable at
the present time, and which must renew all the
agitation from which we have just escaped.
There is another view, Mr. Chairman, of this
matter, to which I will refer, and to which I es-
pecially desire to call the attention of my friends
from the South. It would certainly be bad policy
for us to acquire Cuba—slaveholding Cuba as it is
—if we could get it, so Jong as it can be peaceably
held by Spain, as a disinterested stakehol4er. Can
any one from the slaveholding country fail to
see that the slave interest in the United States is
the focus against which the sympathies, the med-
dlesome sympathies, of the whole world is directed?
Can any one fail to see the importance of having
as many interested in that institution *s possible ?
Suppose we could absorb Cuba to-day, we should
have the united opposition of all the governments
of the earth against us, and against our institution.
Spain is bow interested, and Brazil is interested in
preserving that institution. Suppose we should
acquire Cuba to-day, we should tave all the ma-
chinery of all the fanaticism of all the world
leagued against us.
I am one of those who feel no sort of hesitation
in saying that the institution of slavery i# a whole-
some, a good, and a valuable one, socially, mor-
ally, and politically; that it is the only condition
in which the African in contact with the white
race, can be happy and useful. Look over the
broad face of the earth, and there are not three
millions of Africans that are as Christianized, as
civilized, and as happy as those who are depend-
ing upon their masters, connected with the social
institutions ,of the South. These opinions are
known to you, and I do not now throw them
outaa new. I am unwilling that our slaves should
be drained off to supply a vacancy which the cut-
ting off of the staves trade will create ia Cuba. If
we acquire Cuba, we get what is of but little value
to ub. If we take it by force, we get a Pandora's
box with it.
I, sir, adhere to the Monroe doctrine. I am
opposed to European interference with any peo-
ple struggling for liberty upon our continent. I
will go the full extent of that doctrine, and I will
never agree to force my notions of liberty upon
any people at the pint of the bayonet. I will
never agree to a policy which holds out a pretext
af loving justice, of loving liberty and human
rights, when underneath the whole ilea a purpose
of plunder and robbery—a war of the strong
against the weak—and thus bring dov  upon us
the judgments of Heaven, which it is impossible
for us to escape. The principles of justice are as
eternal as the heavens,and theirdisregprd has never
Jailed under any circumstances to bring a bitter
scaurge upon any .nation that hail vielated them.
ein against a physical or a moral law without feel-
ing and suffering the punishment thereof. The
same is not less true of nations; and whatever
party may rise into power, upon the principles of
our own aggrandizement,or increasing our strength
upon the acquisition of the territory of others,
will bring with them a curse and a calamity, let it
come when it may, or under what auspices. The
common sense of mankind rises in rebellion
against it.
1 cannot conclude my remarks, without express-
ing my gratification at the opinion delivered by
the Supreme Court within a few days past. I con-
ceive tbe eminent and distinguished Chief Justice,
(God grant him m«BT yearstolwe!) who presides
over that tribunal, bait spoke® authoritatively as
to one law upon the subject of our interference
with the concerns of adjoining nations. It was
decided there by that court, that a contract to sup-
ply American citizens with provisions and muni-
tions of war, to aid a people not yet independent,
in a revolutionary movement, was null and void,
contrary to the laws of the United States, and
could not be enforced. I shall take occasion
to have that opinion printed and circulated among
my people. It is one of the best documents that
I could send to them. It was a high conservative
doctrine, and just such as I expected of a man who
had the nerve under all circumstances to do his
duty, who owes his present position to having
always done his duty, and who has maintained,
and is always ready to maintain, his position as a
strict constructionist of the Constitution.
I say to my friends of the plantation States, that
conquests and territory are no compensation for
war. None are more interested in peace, and the
policy which would secure it, than we are. And
whilst war must be met when iust and right, it
should never be provoked. We are producers,
and war destroy# th® sale of our productions by
destroying our commercial relations. None would
suffer its calamities more than the Plantation States,
ajjd we, of all men* should adopt a policy which
secures peace by doing justice which does right
■at the same time that right is demanded. No na-
tion and no individual ever profited by an unjust
and needless controversy. No nation and no man
but loses advantageous position by menace or ag-
gression. Nations, like men, to prosper, must be
just and conciliatory—mustobey laws whilst they
inculcate obedience on others. I trust that there
■may be no occasion to say of us—
" tapiger, imcundus, ineznrabilig, acer,
_ Jura neget aibi u&ta, nihil Don uroget armis."
That in our foreign, relations justice and firmness
Hi pratRndiog nothing but what is right, and sub-
""u"* to nothing that is wrong, we may receive
and retain die prosperity whkh such a policy uni-
formly produces. I have made these remarks,
Mr. Chairman, because this deeply-interesting
subject is brought to our notice by the message,
and because I think it highly important that pub-
lic opinion should be properly formed of a line of
policy upon which so much depends.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Mr. Chairman,
I propose to detain the committee only for a few
moments, and had it not been for some remarks
which have fallen from the gentleman from North
Carolina, [Mr. Vevable,] 1 should not trouble it
at all. I shall reply to them briefly. I think the
gentleman is kicking a dead lion. Filibustering,
sir, ia dead. It was a promising business some
time ago. It was above par. But it is down now
far below par. It is literally dead, or seems to be
dead.
Mr. VENAIJLE. I am glad to hear it.
Mr. STEPHENS. About Cuba, sir, I want to
say a word. I am no filibuster, and have never
j been. I do not at this time have any desire to ac-
j quire Cuba; particularly as Spain is unwilling to
1 part with it. Thus far 1 agree with the gentleman.
But I am not going to declare upon this flow and
to the country, that I would not desire Cuba and
would not concur in its acquisition under any cir-
cumstances. Nor do I deem it proper to say that
it would be best for Spain to retain possession of
Cuba for all time to come. I do not now know
what would be best for her to do, or for us to do
hereafter. Let the future take care of itself. It is
for us to attend to events transpiring at the present
time. I am, however, willing to declare now, as
I did two years ago, that I see no desirable objects
to be gained or public interests to be promoted by
the acquisition of that Island—I mean, of course,
an honorable acquisition. As for lawless aggres-
sion, I have nothing to eay at this time. That
scheme seems to have no advocates now. I did
not see then that it would benefit us, nor do I now.
But, sir, I do not know what it may be right for
us to do two years hence, or one year, or six
months. I know not what events are to happen,
jior what are to be the future destinies of the great
nations of the earth. Our policy with regard to
Cuba must depend upon future contingencies.
What is to be the ultimate rightful destiny of
Cube, I am not prepared to say. Events may
happen that may impose its acquisition upon us,
as a great national duty. The gentleman himself
say# that he might, under certain circumstances,
be in favor of even violence to get it. I truat that
such a time never will come. I am for peace, and
for all the arts of peace. I am against all unneces-
sary wars. I consider war a great evil. But if,
in the maintenance of the right, war comes, we
must meet it. We are told, by high authority,
that in this world " offenses must needs come; but
wo unto those from whom they do come." And
so let it be with other nations and war, so far as
we are concerned. Warshouldneverbeprovoked
by us. It should even be avoided as long as it can
be consistently with honor and right; but if it be
forced upon us by any nation, we must be pre-
pared to meet it. I am not going unnecessarily
to deprecate, in advance, the evils of it. If it
come, we being in the right, it must be met. That
is all I have to say. I do not exactly see the ob-
j ject of discussing this question of lawlessly seizing
i Cuba at present. When the Lopez expedition
r was fitting out,and many of our citizens embarking
! in that ill-fated enterprise, it might have been
proper then to discuss such a question. That
would have been a fitting occasion to speak against
the impropriety and impolicy of such conduct;
then filibustering was in the ascendant; now it is
down, and there is " none so low as to do it rever-
ence."
But there was a remark of the gentleman ex-
pressing an idea to which 1 wish particularly to
allude, and it is, that the acquisition of-Cuba would
be dangerous to this Union. If those were not
the words, they at least convey his idea. The
gentleman spoke of the fearful agitation through
which we lately passed. I concur with him as to
the nature and extent ofthat sectional controversy.
He spoke, though, of the great reluctance with
whwh he swallowed a cap which he was com-
piled to swallow by the State of North Carolina,
lhat cop was the compromise. And yet he
apeaks of the danger of the acquisition of Cuba!
Let me ask him what danger can aciae from this
acquisition on that score, if the principles «f that
eompramae are adhered tm) The principles em-
