196
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 8,
and his Honor C. H. Pond, Lieutenant General.
So it will be perceived that we have had in our
army and militia every grade, except field mar-
shal, known to European armies; and in those
armies captain genera) is the highest. In the same
act, March 3d, 1799, it is declared:
"Sec. 8. ie itfurthtr, 4'c., That in the ordinary
arrangement of the army, two regiments of infantry or
cavalry shall constitute a brigade, and shall be commanded
by a brigadier general; two brigades a division, and shall
be commanded by a major general."—(Ibid.,p. 92.)
There is no other enactment of Congress upon
1 Our hero was not to be confined here. Methinks
I see that manly bosom heaving with its mighty
purpose#, as his .eagle eye glances at the ponder-
ous missiles of death as they frown upon him from
their fastnesses. A council of war is called; his
orders are issued, and, on the 18th of April, this
stronghold is assaulted and carried, and his ad-
vance corps sleep in the city of Jalapa that night,
having pursued the enemy even beyond that city,
which is about twenty-two miles distant from Cerro tains ofhis century,
enshrined himself in the hearts of his countrymen,
and won for himself unfading laurels. The fight
of Themistocles off Salamis has been the favored
theme of ancient and modern poets and historians.
Pausanias, the Spartan, in his famous action at
Platsea, where he maneuvered his infantry so suc-
cessfully in the teeth of the first cavalry of theday,
without losing a man or having a rank broken,
secured to himself a stand
Gordo. But, sir, if you would properly appreci-
ate General Scott's genius, conceptions, resources,
the subject, and the general regulations for the execution, soundness of principle, rapidity of coup j
army, approved by Mr. Calhoun, in the name of d 'ail, brilliancy and promptness of action, together
stand among the first cap-
And,Mr.Chairman, I dan
President Monroe, and the infantry tactics by Mr.
Secretary Cass, in the name of President Jack-
son, following out this scale, make two divisions
constitute an army corps, or corps d'armee, a
command for lieutenant general. The army of
the United States new consists of fifteen regi-
ments, two corps of engineers,"and the ordnance
department, more than equal to four divisions, or
two army corps, that is, equal to commands for
two lieutenant generals. Having found that the
title of lieutenant general has been sanctioned and
hallowed by precedents, is General Scott worthy
of it ? Does he merit it ?
In looking over the lists of those who periled
their lives and fortunes in the war with Mexico,
we see that almost all who fought gallantly there
have been rewarded, not with empty, but with
substantial honors. The intrepid Taylor made
President; the gallant Pierce, who fought so hero-
ically side by side with him, made, too, President;
the brave and fearless duitman and Trousdale
made Governors of their respective States. The
American Senate has been made to ring with the
eloquence of a Shields and Davis, who scattered
dread and destruction whithersoever the tide of
battle bore them.
And here, sir, before your eyes, do you see
living evidences of the fruits of the Mexican war,
dare
to place General Scott above these mighty spirits
of ancient chivalry, and claim for him & stand by
the side of Hannibal, the illustrious Carthagenian,
and Napoleon, the undying leveler of Corsica.
Immortal trio! At the age of twenty-six Han-
nibal was elected to the supreme command of his
army, and from that moment became a terror and
scourge to Rome as well as the controlling spirit of
Carthage. At twenty-six Napoleon assumed the
command of Italy and went from conquering to
, . conquer until the day of his exile. About the
rordo not only gave him the city of Jalapa, but age of twenty-six General Scott begins his mili-
an open road to Perote and the castle of the same tary career, and from that day till the present
name; and, in fact, he encountered no serious ob- moment, he has been, and is, the embodied type
with his selection of times and places, and his cal-
culation of results; and further, sir, if you would ,
fully comprehend the beauty of this fight, you
should read the order of battle published the day
before,and the reports subsequently; and the con- i
elusion to which you will be forced, sir, is, that |
■ was never more literally verified. Cerro '
On the 16th
Jie city
of Ma
;a7 he entered this city of
and of the gratitude of the American people in the
persons of your Bissell, Breckinridge, Savage,
Gorman, Polk, Preston, and the old Aristides of i
the Army, General Lane.
This is not all, sir: all the officers of the regular ;
Army were breveted or promoted for distinguished !
services, thereby being benefited by the war with
Mexico, with the exception of General Scott, the
f>rime mover and leader of it, and this solely upon
the ground that he held the highest military office
known to the laws of our country.
ninety thousand inhabitants without opposition.
We might here, sir, drop our pencil and ex-
claim, " If all is as has been represented, he has
acquired fame enough;" but, sir, our task is in-
complete—our character unfinisheid.
The crowning feature of this campaign is the
march from Puebla into the valley, ana through it
to the City of Mexico. It was necessary, before
marching to Mexico, for General Scott to aban-
don his communications with the sea, for the rea-
son that he had not sufficient troops to keep the
road open to Vera Cruz. This, sir, was a bold
step, and one, the responsibility of which would
have overwhelmed a common man; but no ^gen-
eral ever wore a more confident and cheerful face,
nor did one ever succeed in inspiring his entire
army with more confidence and ambition.
Behold them, then, sir, "with hands prepared
and hearts resolved," wending their way over the j
Rio Frio mountains, and descending into the val-
ley of Mexico, teeming with its enraged and i
blood-thirsty hordes, making their reconnoissances
of American valor. All three had the faculty of
taking in at a glance, the aims and designs of the
enemy. They knew when and where to strike, and
were the authors of their system of tactics. All
three have been charged by their enemies with
crime and malversation,and all three, in public es-
timation, unjustly. The lightningspeed by which
they followed up conception by execution, the
power of concentration by which, constantly in-
ferior on the whole in force, they were ever supe-
rior at the point of action; the marvelous foresight
by which they showed seeming rashness to be real
prudence, the thunderous crash with which they
annihilated, not conquered, their antagonists, nay,
the unerring certainty with which they threw
themselves on the communications of the epemy,
and defeated at a blow the most skillful combina-
tions, were identical in these three mighty cap-
tains. None others, in my opinion, ever have
possessed the same qualities, or used them with
the same effect. All three commanded invading
armies. Here the parallel ceases. Hannibal and
Napoleon were conquered—Scott never.
But let us return to him at the City of Mexico.
and marching around Lake Chaleo to die south- :' Having planted the standard of his country there,
era and western side of the city. Behold their with meekness and humility in the sight of Hi
eiWAiintOT with ttiA flnawTT n«>d lt,«i «+ , 1 11- i_;_ t  &
encounter with the enemy, and his defeat at Con-
treras and Churubusco on the 20th August, the
same at Molino del Rey on the 8th of September,
Then, sir, if you make General Scott lieuten- i and finally, the assault at. Chapultepec on the
WiMI mill Ja il   1   * * .1 4M.1 « n ■ ^
ant general, you will do no more them you have
already done in making lieutenants captains, cap-
tains majors, majors colonels, and colonels gen-
erals.
Will you do it, sir, and does he deserve it ? Let
us for a moment transplant ourselves three miles
below Vera Cruz, on the evening of the 5th March,
1847. Behold, sir, the masts and yard-arms of
the French, English, and Spanish fleets, hung with
living masses to witness the landing of the con-
quering hero. See his fleet and transports wheel-
ing into line, freighted with his little army of twelve
thousand. In six hours, sir, his army is landed,
and his batteries established without the loss or
injury of a single man. In the twinkling of an eye
the heavens are in flames, and the walls of St. Juan
are a sheet of fire, the arched skies are made to
morning of the 13th of September, the storming
of the Santes on the same day, (the San Cosme
and Santa de Bilone,) and, on the morning of the
14th of September, the entry of the army into
the city of the Aztecs, even to the Grand Plaza,
taking possession of the National Palace, and
hoisting the stars and stripes above the Halls of
the Montezumas.
There were about six thousand men and officers
. . ,  0 leaven,
he calls his brave official comrades around him
and ascribes all the glory and honor to them.
Having appointed the gallant duitman civil and
military Governor of the capital, he repairs to his
own quarters, not for the purpose of mirth and
revelry, but, like the Father ofhis Country, to offer
up the sacrifices of a grateful heart for this mani-
festation of divine favor. Hear him, ye repre-
sentatives of American freemen, in general Orders,
No. 286, dated National Palace, 16th September,
1847:
"The General-in-Chief calls upon his brethren in arms
to return, both in public and private worship, thanks and
for duty the day General Scott took the Citv ! 8ratitu<le 10 God for the signal triumphs which they have
He entered the Grand Plarn nn (lie ci<T« : recently achieved for their country.
- emereu tne ^rana riaza on the side fronting || « Beginning with the 19th of August and endinethe 14th
/n y a squadron of;! instant, this anny has gallantly fought its way through the
full uniform. Is it not, sir, almost in- i J®'?8 and forts of Contreras, San Antonio, Churubusco,
«L. 1—1- iL-i '  .1 ■ < . ! : Mnlinn <1al 17 ati    i   „ s. ~ _ '
the National
cavalry in  ^   
credible to think that six thousand men shouid
enter and keep in subjugation a city of two hun-
dred thousand inhabitants? The magnitude of
this campaign has never been fully realized. Let
A flAnAlhlA n V\ h a « J     " a   SI *11 «
echo and reecho with the shrieks and yells of the a sensible man ponder over it, and he will see that
enemy, and ere long the impregnable castle and there is nothing comparable to it on record If
city are reduced, and all this with the incredible " ■ ~ -
ffi
«pi
V£lTW wounded. ' * would have been said if, insteadof retreating, they
But, sir, let us pursue him into the interior, until I had been an advancing army, far from their own i
flZLT ^ stopped by the strongly i homes, and with an intervening sea to daunuhem"
ScalTent? A^hf is j a.nd T had dared> "dismayS, to advance, ^ j
lerra Calienti. A march of two hours more I tinually meeting and overcoming countless hordes i
of well-armed and well-posted Persians, and finally i
reaching the very capital of Persia, and taking it J
and holding it against the entire aroused nation ?
And yet, sir, this is only what General Scott did.
....    hours more
would have taken the army to the temperate zone.
Santa Anna had a double object in opposing Gen-
eral Scott at this point; his first, doubtless, was
that he thought his superior strength would en-
able him to conquer; and the second was, that he
might at all events detain the American army until
some of the terrible diseases incident to the hot
Yes, sir, this gallant army, under the lead of Gen-
eral Scott, from the 19th of August to the 14th
of September, fought its way through the fields
J > Tf • y • * a de8Cnp«°n I Molino del Rey, Chapultepec, and the gates of
£ 'ftaassT&aEJ! assfs
Molino del Rey, Chapultepec, and the gates of San Cosme
and Tacubaya, into the capital of Mexico.
" When the very limited numbers who have performed
those brilliant deeds shall tiave become known, the world
will be astonished and our own countrymen filled with ioy
and admiration.
" a" is not yet done. The enemy, though scattered
and dismayed, has still many fragments of his late army
victories,
" Compactness, vigilance, and discipline are, therefore,
onr only securities. Let every good officer and man look
to those cautions and enjoin them upon all others."
And again, in order No. 284:
" 2. But the war is not ended. The Mexican army and
Government have fled only to watch an opportunity to re-
turn upon us in vengeance. We must then be upon our
guard.
" 3. Companies and regiments will be kept together, and
all stand on the alert. Our safety is in military discipline.
4. i*et there be no drunkenness, no disorders, and no
straggling. Stragglers will be in great danger of assassina-
??icaiAi in?rau<!er8 shal* be punished by courts-martial.
5. All the rules so honorably observed by this glorious
army in Puebla, must be observed here. The honor of
the amy and the honor of our country call for the best be-
«?VI0I the part of all. The valiant must, to win the
V ?.d ,an<i c°untry, be sober, orderly, and
merciftil. His noble brethren in arms will not be deaf to
this hasty appeal from their commander and friend."
Mr. Chairman, I have not arisen to-day to in-
