1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
197
dulse in any fulsome eulogy of General.Scott; but,
sir, I defy the armies of the world to present a
character more perfect in all the details which con-
stitute a eommamler-in-ehief. In the language of
Phillips, sir, he exhibits in the above orders in one
glow of associated beauty the pride of every model
and the perfection of every master. Yea, sir, we
behold in these orders a recognition of the supreme
Commander-in-Chief and Ruler of the armies of
the universe, a scrupulous regard for the honor of
his country, the habits and character of the army,
together with a vigilant watchfulness in every par-
ticular of the movements of the enemy.
How unlike the conduct and career of Miltiadee
after the battle of Marathon ! Flushed with suc-
cess and the clustering; honors that enwreathed his
brow, he availed himself of his unbounded popu-
larity to ask hib Government for seventy galleys,
together with a corresponding land force. Such
was their confidence in him, that his request was
forthwith granted, supposing that his object was
only to foray upon the maritime cities of the king.
But. sir, he sailed to Paros under the pretext of pun-
ishing them because they had served the Persians
against Greece. And, sir, it was for a far different
purpose—it was to revenge a private injury done to
him by Tisagoras, and to force from their coffers,
money. He demanded of them a hundred talents,
which" they refused to pay, whereupon an action
ensued, in winch Miltiades was severely wounded
and compelled to retreat to Athens, disgraced and
defeated. He was immediately arraigned before
the forum, impeached, and tried for his life. How
different, too, from Themistocles, who sent such
lamentation, havoc, and despair to the barbaric
hosts of Persia at Salamis. Why, sir, the highest
honors were assigned him; he was hailed as the
citizen and savior of Athens; an olive wreath was
presented to him, on visiting Sparta, and on his
departure, he was presented with the finest chariot
in Lacedremon, and was escorted to the frontier
by a guard of honor of three hundred Spartan
nobles, mounted in rich costumes, an honor, says
the historian, never paid before or since, by that
dtern and inflexible people. Could his career
have closed here, he would have stood without
a rival. Unfortunately, however, for him and for
his country, under the pretext of raising money
to defray tne expenses of future wars against the
Persians, and of punishing that portion of his
countrymen who had been charged with aiding
and abetting the enemy, he endeavored to enrich
himself by pillage and extortion of the most
atrocious character. He arrogated to himself all j
the glory and merit of the overthrow and defeat of
Xerxes, and finally proved a traitor to his country,
and was exiled; and, as Herodotus informs us, '
died of poison self-administered.
Such, too, sir, was the end of Pausanias. But,
sir. how did General Scott demean himself at the
capital; Did he become corrupted by the wealth
and luxury of the city—by the spoils of war ?
Did he rob, or permit those rich churches to be
robbed of their golden sods ; Did he seek to avail
himselfof any opportunity to advance his own in-
terests: Xo, sir. The interests and honor of his
country were uppermost in his heart, and duty
alone governed his thoughts and actions.
Hear him, sir, in general orders, No. 2*7, dated
September 17th, 1847:
'• 15. Tbis splendid capita!—iu churches and religious
worship ; its convents and monasteries ; it* inhabitants and
property, are, moreover, placed under the special safe-
guard of the failn and honor of the American army.
" 16. In consideration of the foregoing protection, a con-
tribution of £150,000 l-5 imposed on thi= capital, to be paid
in four weekly installment* of thirty seven thousand five
hundred dollar* (£37,500) each,beginning on Mondaynext,
the 20th instant, and terminating on Monday the 11th of
October.
"17. The Ayuntamiento, or corporate authority of the
citj, i«. specially charged with the collection and payment
f>fthc several installments.
•'18. Of the whole contribution to be paid over to this
army, twenty thousand dollars shall be appropriated to the
purchase ot extra comforts for the wounded and sick in hos-
pital; ninety thousand dollars (90,000; to the purchase of
blankets and shoes for gratuitous distribution among the rank
and file of the army, and forty thousand dollars ($40,000)
reserved for otiier necessary military purposes.
" 19. This order wilt be read at the head of every compa-
ny of the United States force?, serving in Mexico, and trans-
lated into Spanish for the information of Mexicans."
These orders, Mr. Chairman, speak for them-
selves, reflecting, as they do, honor upon their
author, and showing so conscientious a regard for
the churches and property of a fallen enemy, and
for the wants and necessities of the sick and 1
wounded under his command. But, sir, his ge-
nius and excellence are not confined to this exhi-
bition.
He finds himself at the capital of a great na-
tion with his army, together with countless mer-
chants and camp followers, in a country, too, speak-
ing a different language, and whose manners and
customs are totally different from his own. Some-
thing is requisite beyond the rules and articles of
war, for the government of this army and this city
of two hundred thousand inhabitants. It was im-
possible for such a vast concourse of people to
exist without a code of laws for their government.
Commerce and traffic would of necessity be en-
gendered, crimes and misdemeanors perpetrated.
What is to be done in this emergency 5 He is
without any digest or body of laws, without any
tribunal of resort. Why, sir, with a simple flourish
of the quill, he supplies, in a masterly manner, every
deficiency not provided for in the act of Congress
establishing rules and articles for the government
aof the armies of the United States. Yes, sir,
every class of society and every grade of offense
is embraced and provided for, in a measure so am-
ple and complete that the Solons of our land would
lose nothing in claiming their authorship. That
the people of the United States may see and ap-
preciate them, and through them the wisdom and
perception of their author, I will present them as
follows :
" 1. It is sull to be apprehended that many grave offense*
not provided tor in the act of Congress ' establishing rules
and articles for the government of the armies of the United
States,1 approved April 10.1806, may be again committed,
by or upon individuals of those armies in Mexico, pending
the existing war between the two Republics. Allusion is
here mr.de to offenses, any of which, if committed within
the United States, or their organized Territories, would, of
course, be tried and severely punished by the ordinary or
civil courts of the land.
"2. Assassination, murder, poisoning, rape, or the at-
tempt to commit either; malicious stabbing or maiming;
malicious assault and battery; robbery; theft; the wanton
desecration of churches, cemeteries or other religious edi-
fices and fixtures; the interrupUon of religious ceremonies,
and the destruction, except by order of a superior officer, of
public or private property, are such offenses.
"3. The good of the service, the honor of the United
States, and ihe interests of humanity, imperiously demand
that every crime, enumerated above, should be severely pun-
ished.
" 4, But the written code, as above, commonly called the
rules and articles of war, does not provide for the punish-
ment of one of those crimes, even when committed by indi-
viduals of the army upon the persons or property of other
individuals of the same, except in the very restricted case
in the 9th of those articles; nor for like outrages, committed
by the same class of individuals, upon the persons or proper-
ty of a hostile country, except very partially, in the 5lst,
52d, and 55th articles; and the same code is absolutely
silent as to all injuries which may be inflicted upon individ-
uals of tiie army, or their property, against the laws of war,
by individuals of a hostile country.
" 5. It is evident that the 99th article, independent of any
restriction in the 87th, is wholly nugatory in reaching any
one of those high crimes.
"6. For all the offenses, therefore, enumerated in the
second paragraph above, which may be committed abroad,
in, by, or upon the army, a supplemental code is absolutely
needed.
"7. That unwritten code is martial lav:, as an addition
to the written military code, prescribed by Congress in the
rules and articles of war, and which unwritten code, all
armies, in hostile countries, are forced to adopt, not only for
their own safety, but for the protection of the unoffending
inhabitants and their property, about the theaters of military
operation*, against injuries on the part of the army, con-
trary to the laws of war.
" &> From the same supreme necessity, martial law is
hereby declared as a supplemental code in and about all
cities, towns, camps, posts, hospitals, and other places which
may be occupied by any part of the forces of the United
States in Mexico, and in and about all columns, escoits,
convoys, guards and detachment's, of the said forces, while
engaged in prosecuting the existing war in, and against the
said Republic, and while remaining within the same.
" 9. Accordingly, every crime, enumerated in paragraph
No. 2, above, whether committed—I. By any inhabitant of ,
Mexico, sojourner or traveler theiein, upon th? person or i
property of any individual of the United States forces, re-
tainer or followerof the same ; 2. By any individual of the
said forces, retainer or follower of the same, upon the person
or property of any inhabitant of Mexico, sojourner or trav-
eler therein ; or, 3, By any individual of the said forces, re-
tainer or follower of the same, upon the person ox property
of any other individual of the said forces, retainer orfollower
of the same—shall he duly tried and punished under the said
supplemental code.
" 10. For this purpose it is ordered, that all offenders, in
the matters aforesaid, shall be promptly seized, confined, ;
and reported, for trial, before Military Commissions, to be |
duly appointed as follows :
" 11. Every military commission, under this order, will
be appointed, governed, and limited, as nearly as practica-
ble, as prescribed by the 65th, G6th, 67th, and 97th, of the
said rules and articles of war, and the proceedings of such
commissions will he duly recorded, in writing, reviewed, ;
revised, disapproved or approved, and the sentences exe-
cuted—all, as near as may be, as in the cases of the pro- ,
ceedings and sentences of courts-martial: Provided, That ;j
no military commission shall try any case clearly cognizable
I by any courts-martial: ~ind p rovided, also, That no sentence
ot a military commission shall be put in execution against
; any individual belonging to this army, which may not be,
according to the nature and degree of the offense, as estab-
lished by evidence, m conformity with known punishments,
in like cases, in ^omo one of the States of the United State*
of America.
" 12. The sale, waste, or loss of ammunition, horses,
arms, clothing, or accouterments, bv soldiers, is punishable
under the 37th and 38th articles of war. Any Mexican, or
resident, or traveler in Mexico, who shall purchase of any
American soldier, either horse, horse equipments, arms,
ammunition, accouterments, or clothing, shall be tried and
severely punished, by a military commission, as above.
" 13. The administration of justice, both in civil and
criminal matters, through the ordinary courts of the coun-
try, shall nowhere, and m no degree, be interrupted by any
officer or soldier of the American forces, except, I. Incases
to which an officer, soldier, agent, servant, or followerof
the American army may be a party; and 2. In political
cases—that is, prosecutions against other individuals on the
allegatiorts that they have given friendly information, aid oi
assistance to the American forces.
" 14. For the ease and safety of both parties, in all cities
and towns occupied by the American army, a Mexiean
police shall be established and duly harmonized with the
military police of the said forces.
Sir, your humble speaker witnessed the salutary
effects of these laws in the civil and criminal ad-
ministration of affairs in Mexico. He sat as pres-
ident of a court-martial for three months, and as
a member of a criminal commission, when these
laws were brought to bear. He has seen their
wisdom and necessity vindicated times past num-
bering. Again, sir, not only has General Scott
exhibited great practical, executive, and legisla-
tive talent, but, sir, he has also given evidence of
financial tact and skill. In order to conquer more
speedily a peace, and to bring the enemy to spe-
cific terms, our Government determined to make
them support the war. In pursuance thereof,
General Scott issued the following orders:
Headquarters of the Army, Mexico, ?
December 31, 1847. £
General Orders—No. 395.
Supplemental to General Orders A~o. 376.
1. To support, in part, the military occupation of the Re-
public of Mexico by the Army of the United States, the
several States of this Republic, already occupied, and others
as they shall become occupied, are, or will be assessed, by
the year, in dollars, as follows:
Chihuahua   #49,188
Coahuila....    5,657
Chiapas    21,692
Durango  85,556
Guanajuato   255,576
Jalisco 236,338
Mexico, State and Federal district 668,332
Michoacan 287,712
Nuevo Leon  50,437
Oaxaca  84,160
Puebla 424,276
Queretaro  85,944
San Luis ....111,260
Sinaloa  33,524
Sonora    5,000
Tabasco  59,060
Tamaulipas  71,332
Vera Cruz 271,548
Zacatecas and Aguascalientes, reunited 249,076
2. This assessment is the quadruple of the direct taxes,
paid by the several States to their Federal Government in
the year 1843 or 1844. But, on the other hand, all transit
duties, (alcabalas y derechos de internacion,) heretofore pay-
able at the gates of cities, and on passing the lines between
States, have been abolished, together with national lotteries.
The tobacco monopoly will also be abolished from and after
the present year. The cultivation and the sale of that plant
shall, thereafter, be free—save any duty that Ihe United
States may have imposed, or shall hereafter impose, on the
importation of tobacco through custom-houses at Mexican
ports occupied by this army. And the receipts of the post
offices, together with the playing card and stamped-paper
monopolies, are relinquished to the State governments re-
spectively.
3. The Governors and the members of Legislatures in the
different States, and all collecting officers, now in commis-
sion, and heretofore charged with the collection of the fed-
eral dues of any kind, will be individually held responsible
in their persons and property for the collection and full pay-
ment of tins assessment—one twelfth monthly, at the usual
State capitals respectively, or other place or places, within
the same, as may be appointed by the United States com
mander within each State.
4. The assessment on each State that may hereafter be
occupied as above, shall be considered as due from the first
day of the month within which the occupation may take
place, in order to avoid all calculations founded on days
less than a month. Hence no credit will be allowed a State
for any payment previously made to the Federal Govern-
ment, or its officers, for any part of a month within which
the State shall have been occupied by the American forces.
In the States already so occupied, the assessments will be
considered as having commenced with the present month,
and be demanded accordingly.
5. In payment of the money assessment, any State may
.substitute, in whole or in part, at a fair valuation, with the
consent of the United States commanding officer therein,
such article"? ofin_e umltorage as may be found con-
venient to the two parties.
6. On the failure of any State to pay its assessments, its
functionaries, as above, will be seized and imprisoned, and
