198
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 4,
their property seised, registered, reported, und converted
to the u*e of Uie occupation. in strict accordance to the gen-
eral regulations of this armv. No r^ignation or abdication
of office, by anv of the said Mexican Umeiionaries, shall
excuse oi e*of them from any of tUe above obhgatiqna or
peiuiines.
7. If the forgoing measures should fail to enforce the
regular payuitMU, as above, from any State, ihe couimcmd-
in£ officer of the United States torces, within the sain-,
will immediately* proceed to collect, in money or in kind,
from the wealthier inhabitants, other than neutral friends,
within h s reach, the amount of the assessment due from
the Si ne—taking care, always, to make the collection as
equitably and savingly as practicable, and to report the
•mount forcibly levied to the next superior officer of this
army Any waste, or wanton injury committed in these
operations, as welt as all fraud and corruption, shall be rig-
orously prosecuted beiore a tnbuual of the army.
8. With a view to a rigorous accountability, receipts in
payment ol assessments, whetherin money or in kind, (the
latter expressed in money, aeeordmg to valuation,) will be
signed by some quartermaster, commissary, or paymaster oi
this anm. named by the commanding officer withm a State,
and be duly attested bv the latter, who will also keep a re-
gister of all such pavment<. The amount of those payments
and of forced levie*, will be reported monthly, to general
headquarters, as well as to Washington. (*ee General t  r-
d Ts. No. :*56t of th«- 6th instant.) both by the receivers and
the attesting or commanding officers within the several
States.
9. The usual «iues, heretofore levied on the precious met-
als, in the interior, bj the Federal Government of Mexico,
wi'l bf continued and collected for the military chest of this
army. Commandingofficei*near the mine'., assay offices,
and mints, respectively, will inquire and report to general
headquarters on the -ubject; but, until further orders, the
following rates will be exacted:
10. fm production of both gold and silver, three per
centum; on melting, twodollars and fifty cents for every one
hundred and thirty live marks—the mark of eight ounces;
on assaying, one dollar the bar, for bars of silver, or one
dollar and fifty cents each for bars of gold, or of go5d and sil-
ver mixed, and on coinage the peicen.ta<*e on both metals
heretofore paid by the Mint-. re-*p ctively, according to con
tract with th^ Mexican Government. Tho^e contracts in
every case will b*- particular!) exainin- d. The orierea/ per
mark, on both sold and silver, heretofore paid to the College
ol Mines, in this city, i* relinquished to that scientific inch-
tufioH, and may be collected as u>uaJ.
11. It is understood that the collection of the dues on pro
duction, melring. and a>sajing, may. be made at the as*ay
offices, and they vtqll be demanded and received accord
iogfy. The percent i*e, on coinage, will be collected for
this army at the Mints. At both places officers of tntelli
rence and accurate habits of inspection, will be appointed,
from time to time, to give the necessary attendance.
12. The like penalties, receipts, attestations, registries
and reports are prescribed, in respect to dues on the pre
eioos metals, as are prescribed above, for other contribu
tions, in money or in kind; and the former will commence
also at the same periods and underlike circumstances; that
is, in the Mexican States already occupied by the American
forces from the first instant, and in the other States from
the beginning of the months within which the States shall,
respectively, be entered and occupied.
13. The American troops, in spreading themselves over
this Republic, will take care to observe the strictest disci-
pline and moral s in respect to the persons and property of the
country—purchasing and paying for all necessaries and
comforts they may require, and treating the unoffending in-
habitants with forbearance and kindness. The higher honor
of our country, as well as the particular hones' of this army,
must and shall be maintained against the few miscreants in
our ranks. The few cannot be permitted to dishonor the
whole mass of our citizens and soldiers at home and abroad.
The miscreants must therefore be watched, and for every
offense, denounced and sent before the proper tribunals for
exemplary punishment. This is required of every good
officer and soldier. Men, free at home, must maintain the
honor of freemen when abroad. If they forget that, they
will degrade themselves to the level of felons and slaves,
and may be rightfully condemned and treated as such; for
felons, according to the laws of God and man, are tlavet.
14. The laws of war will also be strictly observed towards
nil Mexicans in arms, who respect those laws. For the
treatment of those atrocious bandsof guerrilteros and armed
renchero*, see General orders No. 372, dated the 12th inst.
By command of Major General Scott :
H. L. SCOTT, A. A. A. G.
In these orders we discover not only adminis-
trative talent, legal acumen, a thorough geographi-
cal acquaintance with the country, its commerce
and its revenues, but a system adopted for the
levying,collection, safe-keeping,and disbursement
of revenue, that any committee of ways and means
might be proud to indorse.
I have thus, Mr. Chairman, passed hurriedly
over the last chapter of the military career of this
distinguished statesman soldier. 11 is full of inter-
est,and when the passions and prejudices of the po-
litical factions of the present generation shall have
died away, and the unbiassed historian shall come
to garner the virtues of the illustrious dead, he will
regard the life and services of this eminent man as
among the choicest legacies left the country. Yes,
sir, millions of freemen yet unborn, will lisp forth
his praise and emulate his deeds. The battle of
Niagara will be remembered as long as the great
lakes of the North continue to pour their waters
over the mighty catarict. From Vera Cruz and
Cerro Gordo may be seen the snow mountains of
Orizaba and Popocatapelt, which overluok the val-
ley of Mexico. When the winds and rains shall
have destroyed thes«, then will the fame of the
great warrior, whose victorious battle-fields lie at
their base, be forgotten.
Now, Mr. Chairman, permit roe to say, in con-
clusion, that 1 am a Democrat of the straitest sect;
that I am so from principle, and have been so long
that my memory fails me in the time I first
espoused the faith of Democracy; that in the recent
canvass I traveled, wrote, and spoke against the
election of General Scott to the Presidency; and
further, that I wiil yield the palm to no one that lives,
in zeal and love for the principles of the great
Democratic party. Yet, sir, I shall vote for this
resolution; and m doing so, I violate, as I con-
ceive, no principle of Democracy. Moreover, sir,
1 shall regard it as one of the most meritorious
acts of my life; one, the magnanimity of which
my constituents will applaud, as well as every
genuine son of the camp and country. One word
more. The adoption of tins resolution may afford
some capital for the demagogue and political bigot.
Of them I ask no favor nor ineed.
Mr. POLK. I had intended, if the opportunity
was afforded me, to discuss the Cuban question,
introduced by the gentleman from North Carolina;
but as a new element has been brought into the
debate by the gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr.
Wilcox,] 1 ask the indulgence of the committee
for time to arrange what I may have to say in
reply, and therefore move that the committee do
now rise. *
Mr. HOUSTON. If the gentleman will permit
me I will move that the bill under consideration
be laid aside to be reported to the House, and
that the bill to supply deficiencies in the appropria-
tions be taken up.
The CHAIRMAN. If this bill be laid aside
and another taken up, and the point of order were
raised, the Chair would be compelled to decide that
the gentleman from Tennessee, by yielding for that
purpose, lost his right to the floor.
Mr. POLK. In that case I beg to decline yield-
ing.
The motion that the committee rise was then
agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose, «uid the Speak-
er having resumed the chair, the Chairman re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole'on the
state of the Union had had, according to order, the
•tate of the Union generally under consideration,
and particularly House bill No. 329, makingappro-
priation for the payment of naval pensions for the
year ending the 30th of June, 1854; and House
| bill No. 330, making appreciations for invalid
and other pensions of the United States for the
! year ending the 30th of June, 1854, and that he -
; was directed to report the same back to the House,
with a recommendation that they do pass; and
that the committee had had under consideration
House bill No. 332, making appropriations for
■ tlie support of the Military Academy for the year
ending the 30th of June, 1854, and had come to
< no resolution thereon.
Bills Nos. 329 and 330 were then severally or-
1 dered to be engrossed for a third reading; and
having been engrossed, were read the third time,
and passed.
CIRCULATION OF SMALL NOTES. •
Mr. FICKLIN. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House for leave to report from the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia a bill to sup-
press the circulation of small notes in the District
of Columbia.
[Cries of " Agreed !" " Agreed!"]
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that the
bill be referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and printed; and that it be
made the order of the day for Tuesday week, and
i that it so continue from day to day until disposed
1 of.
I Mr. HOUSTON. I object to making it the
special order.
Mr. JONES. I move, then, to suspend the rules,
that the motion may be submitted. I wish*to see
who are fbr having these Shinplasters in existence
in this District.
The question was then taken, and the rules were
suspended.
Mr. JONES. I now submit my motion that
this bill be printed, and made the special order for
Tuesday of next week, and that it be so continued
from day to day until disposed of. I call the pre-
vious question.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Georgia. I desire the een-
tleman from Tennessee to withdraw the motion
for the previous question. I am not m favor of
shinplasters, but I am opposed to mtfktng this a
sperial order.
Mr. JONES. We can never get it up unless we
do.
Mr. HOUSTON. I would like the gentleman
from Tennessee to modify his motion in this re-
spect, that it remain ihespcciil order for two days,
so as to force the House to take some action upon
itj the House can then in that time get through
with it. ,
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The question wasihen taken npon Mr. Jovf.s's
motion, and it was decided in the affirmative.
So the bill was ordered to be printed, and made
the special order for Tuesday week.
Mr. JONES moved to leconsider the vote just
taken, and to lay the motion to reconsider upon
the table; which latter motion was agreed to.
AMERICAN COLONIZATION SOCIETY.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask the unanimous con-
gest "of the House to offer the following resolution
Retoived, That the use of this Had be Granted fbr the
anniversary ol iii** American Colonization Society, tile 18tli
instant, at seven o'clock, p. in.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move to suspend the
rules for the introduction of the reso'ution.
On motion by Mr. McMULLIN, the House
then adjourned till to-morrow at twelve o'clock,
m.
NOTICE OF BILLS.
Mr. SIBLEY gave notice of his intention to ask leave to
introduce a bill, granting to the States of LouiHiana, Arkan-
sas, Missouri and Iowa, and to the Territory of Minnesota,
the rijht of way and a portion of the public lands to aid in
the construction of a railroad from New Orleans to the
northern boundary of said Territory, with a branch to the
Falls of St. Anthony.
Also, of a bill making an appropriation for the removal
of obstructions in the Mississippi river above and immedi-
ately below the Falls of St. Anthony, and in the Minnesota
river.
PETITIONS, fcc.
The following petitions and memorial were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. MOORE, of Louisiana: The petition of Daniel
Newton and 141 other settlers on the public lands known
as the " Bastrop Grant" in Louisiana, praying for relief.
Also, the petition of Isaac Huddleston and 57 other citi-
zens along the route, for a post road from the mouth of Red
river to Hunteville, Texas.
By Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania: The petition of
Mr. Peter Keifer, for an increase of pension on account of
wounds.
By Mr. IVES: The petition of Smith Bartlett and 924
others, citizens of Cape Vincent and vicinity, for break-
waters in the harbor of Cape Vincent, New York.
By Mr. GAYLORD: The petition of Arthur H. Chev-
alier and 55 others, citizens of Washington county, Ohio,
asking for a post route from Barlow Cross Roads through
Belpreville to Belpre post office, on the OJiio river, Wash-
ington county, Ohio.
By Mr. HENN: The petition of Jesse Rickman, asking
for the establishment of a mail route from Newton, in Jas-
per county, Iowa, via Timber Creek to Mariette, in Mar-
shall county, in said State.
By Mr. DISNEY: The memorial of Ralph Reeder, in
relation to the use of his instrument to obviate the delects
of the magnetic needle.
I IN SENATE.
| Tuesday, January 4, 1853.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. C. M. Butler.
The Hon. S. R. Mallort, from the State of
Florida, appeared in his seat to-day.
CLERK TO THE PRESIDENT OF THE SEISATE.
Mr. BADGER. I hope, Mr. President, that
| there will be no objection in any quarter of the
i Senate to permitting me now to offer a little res-
olution. And I am sure, when I say it concerns
| the convenience, and will gratify the feelings of
i the very estimable and excellent gentleman who is
] now the Vice President elect of the United States,
and whose ill-health is carrying him from'our
j shores for a season, we trust to return with reno-
vated strength to take his place permanently, . «
| the Presiding Officer of this body;—when f s. y
! the prompt consideration, and immediate adoption
j of this resolution, will gratify this most excellent
gentleman, I trust there will not be the slightest
I objection in permitting it to pass immediately.
