1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
201
m the Army of the United States; which was read
a first time, and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. SHIELDS. If there be no objection, 1
would ask for the second reading of the bill now.
I will state that at the last session of Congress, a
law was passed providing for the establishment of
a board to adjudicate claims arising in relation to
California. A board was established in pursu-
ance of that law, consisting of Colonel Smith, Col-
onel Lee, and Major Thomas. They have re-
ported in favor of the claims which are enumerated
in this bill—four bills of exchange, which were
drawn by Colonel Fremont upon the Secretary of
State, and for which he is now sued in a court in
London: and judgment, perhaps, has been ren-
dered by this time. The object of the bill reported
from the committee is to direct the Secretary of
the Treasury to discharge the judgment that has
accrued upon those bills. I hope I am understood
by the Senate. The board has reported favorably
m relation to these claims. Colonel Fremont has
been sued in London for them, and judgment has
been rendered against him by this time. I have
here the affidavit of counsel which appeared in the
court in London, properly authenticated, showing
that the suit was instituted upor, these four claims.
The board has approved of those claims, and now,
in pursuance of that report, the committee have
directed me to report this bill, so as to give Colo-
nel Fremont indemnity for this injury.
No objection was made, and the bill was read a
second time, and considered by the Senate as in
Committee of the Whole. It proposes to direct
the Secretary of the Treasury to liquidate and sat-
isfy the judgment, damages, costs, and expenses
of the defense, which have been recovered or may
be recovered against Lieutenant Colonel Fremont
by Anthony Gibbs & Sons, assignees of J. Hut-
man, in her Majesty's Court of the Exchequer
at Westminster, on four several bills of exchange,
drawn by Colonel Fremont, in Upper California,
March 18, 1847, amounting in all to §19,500, in
favor of one J. Hiitman, for moneys advanced for
the public service, said bills having been drawn on
James Buchanan, Secretary of State, and payment
refused for want of an appropriation out of which
to make it—Colonel Fremont Keing sued in Lon-
don for the same.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I would inquire of the
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs
who reported this bill, whether the sum of $19,500
is intended to cover the costs and expenses of the
defense ? I did not understand the bill very dis-
tinctly, and 1 wish to know, therefore, whether
the appropriation made by the bill provides for all
the costs and expenses of the defense ?
Mr. SHIELDS. I cannot tell what the expenses
and costs may be. The §19,500 constituted a
claim upon which the suit was brought and judg-
ment rendered. What the amount of the judg-
ment may be, I cannot tell; I have no evidence
upon that point before me. The object of this bill
is to pay the amount of the judgment, whatever it
is, which has been brought upon this claim, esti-
mating from the commencement of the case.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I have no objection to the
payment of these bills of exchange. I think the
Government should pay them; but I think we
should make some limitation, and should make
someprovision with regard to the outstanding ex-
penses, which, in many cases, are very great.
Mr. SHIELDS. This bill accomplishes that
object. It provides for the payment by the Sec-
retary of the Treasury of the United States of the
amount of the judgment obtained upon this claim
in London. At this time it is impossible for us to
tell what the whole amount of the judgment and
costs may be, from the foundation of the claim.
Mr. BRODHEAD. The bill contains the words
" expenses of the defense,'' without saying what
those expenses are. I think we ought to know
something about that before we agree to pay them.
This is a very indefinite mode of expressing the
amount, and we know that the employment of
such indefinite language in bills often leads to dif-
ficulty. I think the bills of exchange and the
judgment ought to be paid; the bill should contain
some limitation of the amount to be paid.
Mr. GWIN. This bill, as reported by the
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs,
has the same words in reference to the appropria-
tion which were employed in a bill in a similar
case, that of Colonel Mitchell, who was sued by
Mr. Harmony, and judgment obtained against
him. In that case, Congress made it the duty of !
the Secretary of the Treasury to pay the judgment,
with the expenses of the defense. This is a pre-
cisely similar case. Colonel Fremont raised the
money while acting as Governor of California, for
the purpose of procuring supplies for carrying on
the war. The drafts were drawn on the Secretary
of State, and were not paid, because no funds had
been appropriated for the purpose. Colonel Fre-
mont has been arrested in England, and cannot
leave Great Britain until the sum is paid. We
have the affidavits of his attorney that unless the
sum is paid within the month of December, now
past, he is liable to be putin prison. Of course
this case requires immediate action. The Board
of Commissioners, appointed at the last session,
report that Government is bound to pay this claim.
All that the bill is to accomplish, is to pay the ex-
penses incurred, so that Colonel Fremont may be
relieved from his present situation. The case is
one which will not admit of exorbitant charges
being made, as the expense was originally incurred
when he had no idea that the Government would
relieve him.
Mr. CASS. I would rather the word " Bri-
tannic "should be put in the bill before " Majesty"
than to have it simply " Her Majesty," as this is
an American document.
Mr. SHIELDS. I assent to that.
Mr. CASS. 1 will ask the Senator from Illi-
nois if this claim is1 one which was among certain
claims before the Military Committee some years
ago:
Mr. GWIN. I will answer the Senator. Itis
the same claim; and has been investigated fully.
Colonel Fremont is entitled to be relieved, and
should have been relieved long ago.
Mr. BUTLER. I think Colonel Fremont ought
to be relieved. I have great confidence in his dis-
cretion, and that is the only reason why I shall
vote for a bill of this kind—a general bill to re-
lieve Colonel Fremont, or any person who has
been sued on account of liabilities growing out of
his official duties. A bill so general in its charac-
ter allows too wide a scope as a precedent. I pro-
test against this as a precedent, so far as my vote ,
is concerned. The case of Harmony has been
referred to. 1 know something of that case. Har-
mony came befoTe Congress, and was willing to
accept $20,000 or $30,000for his losses. Instead,
however, of taking it out of the Treasury of the
United States directly by an appropriation by Con-
fress, he sued Colonel Mitchell, and recovered,
believe, $90,000. Colonel Mitchell applied to
Congress for indemnity. The expenses incurred
by him in defending himself, I have no doubt,
were properly incurred; but to say that we will
pay the expenses of every one who employs coun-
sel upon the presumption that the Federal Gov-
ernment will be an insurance office, is against all
my notions of the security of the Treasury. I
have, however, long since given up the idea that
any objection I can mike will have any effect to
guard the Treasury I shall vote for this bill, ex-
clusively upon the ground that I have confidence
in theintegrity antUdiscretion ofColonel Fremont.
Mr. SHIELDS. I will state to my friend from
South Carolina that this bill does not contemplate
general cases of that kind. This case is a very
simple one. Colonel Fremont, while in command
of the army in California, for subsistence and sup-
plies, drew drafts on the United States Treasury
to the amount of $19,500, which were refused to
be paid by the Secretary of State for want of an
appropriation, and they passed into the hands of
these men in London, who have sued Colonel Fre-
mont. Judgment has been rendered against him
■—for what? Because the Government did not
discharge drafts that were drawn upon them in
pursuance of his position at that time. The ob-
ject of the bill is to discharge the judgment, the
costs of the suit, and the reasonable and neces-
sary expenses. It is suggested to me to amend
the bill by making it read " reasonable expenses,
to be determined at the discretion of the Secretary
of the Treasury;" and perhaps that had better be
done.
Mr. BADGER. I think my friend from Illinois
will accomplish his object by striking out the
words, "and expenses," where they first occur in
the bill. The judgment, damages, and costs, which
have been recovered must be paiiT of course. I
propose to insert, then, the words, " and such fur-
ther expenses as the Secretary of the Treasury
may deem reasonable." I think that will remove
all objection.
Mr. SHIELDS. I propose to modify the bill
so as to read, " to liquidate and satisfy the judg-
ment, damages, and costs recovered, and such ex-
penses as the Secretary of the Treasury shall deem
reasonable."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FELCH. I have no objection to the bill
as I understand it; but I wish to make a single in-
quiry,-to see how far the principle is to be carried.
1 wish to inquire of the Senator who introduced
the bill, whether by passing it, we in any respect
sanction those claims which came before us the
other day, and are now before the Committee on
Military Affairs ? I understand that those claims
will require much investigation, and will involve a
large amouht of money. I am not willing to give
any sanction to those claims until they have been
examined. My inquiry is whether we recognize
or preclude them from an examination hereafter by
the passage of this bill ?
Mr. SHIELDS. By no means. The commis-
sioners appointed to investigate the claims of Col-
onel Fremont have reported favorably upon these
now before us; but upon others before the com-
mittee, adverse reports have been made. These
claims should have been paid long ago. Colonel
Fremont has been sued, and has suffered much in
consequence of their not having been paid before.
The bill wps reported to the Senate as amended;
the amendment was concurred in, and the bill was
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading, and
was read a third time, and passed.
HIRAM MOORE AND JOHN HASCALL.
On motion by Mr. CASS, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
House bill " for the relief of Hiram Moore and
John Hascall." It proposes that there shall be
granted to Hiram Moore and John Hascall,
citizens of the United States, and to their heirs,
assigns, and legal representatives, for the term
of fourteen years, from the twenty-seventh day
of June, anno Domini eighteen hundred and fifty,
the full and exclusive right and liberty of ma-
, king, constructing, using, and vending to others
to be made or used, the improvements for cutting,
thrashing, or cleaning grain, which were invented
by Moore & Hascall, or either of them, and em-
braced in the model, drawings, or specifications
connected with letters patent granted to them on
the twenty-eighth day of June, eighteen hundred
and thirty-six, for a machine commonly known
as " Moore & Hascall's Harvesting Machine," to-
gether with the improvements invented by them,
or either of them, in perfecting said machine, or
any part thereof, from the date of their original
patent, to the day from which the same is hereby
renewed and extended. And it proposes to direct
the Commissioner of Patents to make a certificate
of such renewal and extension, and append an au-
thenticated copy thereof to the original patent, with
the proper specifications and claims: Provided,
that the patentees shall first pay into the Treasury,
to the credit of the patent fund, the fees required
by law for the renewal or extension of patents:
And provided further, that all rights and inter-
ests in the patent heretofore granted or assigned
by the patentees, or by their duly-authorized
agents, in their name, shall inure to and be en-
joyed by such assignees and purchasers thereof,
respectively, during the renewed term of said
patent, upon the same conditions and to the same
extent as for the term that did exist when such
sale or assignment was made.
Mr. JAMES had submitted an amendment, to
add to the bill the following:
"Provula!, That any additional claim in said letters patent
or' 1836, so made and presented to the Patent Office for
letters patent, under the provisions of this act, shall be for
a patentable improvement or addition, and shall, by this
act, in the same manner be open to be contested on the
ground of priority of invention or other legal ground."
Mr. BADGER. I should be very sorry to see
this amendment attached to the bill, unless there
is some important object to be accomplished by
it; and I should be very reluctant to see it, for the
very obvious reason that, in all probability, what-
ever may be the merits of the bill, it will cause
the bill to be lost in the House of Representatives.
There are now two hundred and seventy-three
bills in the House which have been passed by the
Senate and sent to. the House, which are now ly-
ing upon the Speaker's table, having never been
