1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
205
vided by it should commence. I propose, there-
fore, to amend the bill in the first section by adding
alter the word •• extended," the words " from and
alter the passage of this act," so- that it shall pro-
vide that tlie act of 1816 " be and the same is
hereby revived and extended, from and alter the
passage of this act, during: the natural life of any
such widow as therein described."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BORLAND. I propose further to amend
the bill by striking out the concluding words of
the third section, " or during widowhood, "so as to
put the widows provided for in that section upon
the same footing as those provided for in the first
section. The first section provides for giving a
certain class of widows a pension during their
natural lives. The third section, which was not
penned by myself, provides for another class of
widows who must of necessity be older than those
provided for in the first section, and limits their
pensions during their natural life, or during widow-
hood, and simply proposes to strike out t he words
•' or during widowhood," so as to make the third
section conform in that respect to the first sec-
tion.
Mr. CHARLTON. I move to amend the
amendment by adding the words, "or during
widowhood," in the first section, so that, instead
of striking out those words in the third section,
they shall be inserted in the first. If my friend
from Arkansas will permit me, I will explain my
motive, which will show, at all events, that I am
not in opposition to the principle of this bill. A
great deal was said yesterday, in reference to the
different classes of widows who are to be benefited
by it. I understand that most of us are willing
to concede that the widows of the soldiers of the
war of the Revolution are clearly entitled to be
protected and pensioned by this Government.
There is no doubt of that fact, Mr. President, and
1 should be very sorry to gainsay it. As has been
often and correctly stated by Senators on both
side* of the Chamber, there is no class of people
in this world to whom a debt of gratitude is more
due than to the soldiers of the Revolution. It is
upon the substratum of their lives and of their blood
that the independence of this great country has
been erected.
Mr. BORLAND. If my honorable friend from
Georgia will permit me, I will suggest to him that
the portion of the bill which I now propose to
amend does not refer to the widows of revolution-
ary soldiers. The section adopted on the motion
of the Senator from Maine, is the only one that
relates to them. The first section which the Sen-
ator from Georgia proposes to amend, affects the
widows of the soldiers of 1812.
Mr. CHARLTON. Thefirst section provides— !
" That so much of the act nf the I6th of April, 1816, en-
titled ' An act makingfunherprovision formilitary services 1
donng the late war, and for other purposes,' as applies to
widows of deceased soldiers, and which expired at the end
of live years after lis passage, be, and tlie same is hereby,
revived and extended from and after the passage of this act,
during the life of any «uch widow therein described."
The Senator from Arkansas will perceive the
bearing of my remarks directly, and that he gives
to the very class of widows, where there is danger
of marrying again, the pension during their natu-
ral lives, whereas he only gives it during widow-
hood to those where there is no danger of marrying
again.
Mr. BORLAND. I propose to strike out the
restriction of" during widowhood."
Mr. CHARLTON. As I understand, the Sen-
ator proposes to strike it out in reference to the
widows of revolutionary soldiers, and to leave it
with regard to others. He proposes to apply the
restrictions to those old widows, and to leave it
inoperative with regard to the young widows. It
is exactly that to which I object.
I was going on to say that I acknowledge a debt
of gratitude which we owe to the revolutionary
soldiers. There is no question of that. It is a
debt that we can never repay. Nor will I stop to
make a distinction between those who were the
wives of soldiers during the Revolution, and those
with whom those soldiers subsequently intermar-
ried. I think the first class would be entitled, of
their own account, to a pension for the services
that they rendered to the country; for I can tell
you, Mr. President, and the country knows it,
that to the women of the Revolution, perhaps as
much aa to the men, was owing our success; and
to them, for their own services, I would be cheer-
fully willing to accord a pension; but I would not
be unwilling to accord it to the widows of those
revolutionary soldiers who married afterwards.
" This ought ye to have done, and not leave the
other undone." I do not see why we owe a less
debt of gratitude to the soldiers of the Revolution,
because they happened to marry after the Revolu-
tion, or after a certain time. Why not provide
for their widows as well as for the widows of
those men to whom we are giving this? I say
again, I give it cheerfully. Now in reference to
the widows of the war of 1812, it is a very diffi-
cult thing to draw a line in the degrees of gratitude.
If you ask a man whom lie loves best, his father
or his mother, the father that begot him or the
mother that bore him, it is an exceedingly difficult
question for him to answer, because he cannot
draw such a division between the lines of love.
And it ought to be so in reference to the classes of
widows of the war of 1812, to which objection
seems to exist. We owe a debt of gratitude to
them that we cannot repay. Though it may be
perfectly true that to the first class we owe more,
yet the degrees of difference are so nice and so
subtle that I cannot draw them. We owe to both
a debt of gratitude that we can never repay; and
therefore it is that I am perfectly willing to accord
the same measure of justice to both.
Nor will I be frightened from this position by
my friend from South Carolina, [Mr. Bi;tler,]
who says that the next step will be to extend the
same bounty to the widows of the soldiers of the
Mexican war. Now, sir, I say I am willing to
extend the benefits of a pension to those widows,
and I ask him, why not ? Isit because their hus-
bands have last died ? Is it because the memory
of their gallant achievements is now bright before
us, that we should leave their families to suffer and
pass them by, when we extend this old debt of
gratitude back to a period of years? Sir, I once
heard my friend from South Carolina say—and
there is no man on the floor for whose judgment
and thoughts I have higher respect—that when he
trusted the impulses of his heart he was always
right, but when he trusted to the suggestions of his
mind he was very often wrong. That illustrates
this case; for he will remember that Lord Mans-
field, when he was asked by a young judge how
to act in giving his decision, said : " You are very
' correct, you have got a sound mind, give your
'judgments and they will be right, give your rea-
' sons and they will be wrong." I thinkthat my
1 friend from South Carolina, if he will stick to the
: impulses of his heart will go right; but when he
couples that with the suggestions of his mind, he
is apt, like the rest of us, very often to go wrong. '
Therefore I will not be startled by the idea that
by establishing this precedent, it will ripen into
prescription. If a precedent is right, the sooner
it becomes prescription, the better.
A word now in reference to my friend from
Kentucky, [Mr. Underwood,] who has told us at
various times that he is on the right road to prog-
ress, and that our friend from Michigan, [Mr.
Cass,] is on the wrong road. He says progress
is of two kinds—upwards by an inclined plane,
and downwards by a rapid descent. He will par-
don me for saying that is not a good illustration.
 Faeilis descensus Avcrni.
Sed revocare gradum, superaxque ad auras,
Hie labor, hoc opus est.
The up is the toilsome ascent, (witness our ef-
forts to get this act passed,) the downward is the
inclined plane. It is very easy to come down, but
very hard to go up, and the least slip after you
commence ascending, brings you down to the spot
from whence you started. I think my friend from
Kentucky is wrong, in supposing that progress
would lead us to.reject this bill. True progress
would, on the contrary, induce us to pass it. Per-
haps I may go with him in reference to progress,
but probably we might take different roads to ac-
complish the object.
Mr. President, when a Roman matron was asked
where her jewels were, she pointed to her chil-
dren, and "said: "These are my jewels." If
this country should be asked to say who are its
wards, it should point to these helpless widows,
and say, "These are our wards. Instead of
giving away your public lands, instead of wasting
your public money upon the brawny-armed men
of this Republic, if you would only pay out from
the resources of your boundless treasury, a sum
of money to relieve this class of widows, you ;
would be doing what your country and your duty
requires of you.
Mr. President, there is no class of beings in this
world who suffer more than the helpless women,
even in this happy land. No mortal eye can ever
tell the amount of anguish, that even in the large
cities of our favored Republic, they have to endure.
No mortal ear has ever heard the wails of an-
guish which have been wrung from them; and if
it has, no mortal tongue could ever adequately de-
scribe it. It is true that we cannot provide for
them all. We cannot pension all of them who
suffer in this way, but still we can pension those
who are entitled to receive a reward from us.
I come now to the amendment, and I beg the
Senator's pardon for diverging so much. I hope
I may not be like the man in the boat, looking one
way and rowing the other. I want to come to the
amendment. I want to show my friend from Ar-
kansas that there is no reason why, when a widow
ceases to be a widow, and marries a second husband,
we should extend these pensions to her. The object
is to afford protection—the motive is gratitude to the
men who have rendered those services, and it is
for protection to their widows in their lonely state;
but when they marry again, they should trust to
the energies of their husbands. It is unwise to let
them trust to anything else, and therefore I see no
reason why these pensions should be continued to
widows after they have married again. I do not
mean to say that I would stop their pensions after
they again become widows, for I am perfectly
willing to continue the pension as long as they are
widows—as long as they have this claim upon us
to extend these pecuniary benefits; but I think it
impolitic and unwise to give to the wife of a mar-
ried man a pension apart from him ; and I there-
fore move to amend the bill, by adding to the first
section the words "or during widowhood," after
the words " during the natural life."
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Norris,
in the chair.) That amendment will not be in
order until after the question shall, have been taken
on the pending amendment of the Senator from
Arkansas.
Mr. BUTLER. A word in reply to my friend
from Georgia. I assure him that if I were to trust
to my heart, I should be very much more in dan-
ger from the widows of the soldiers of the Mexi-
can #ar than of any other class, for they are
young and beautiful. [Laughter.] But I am not
so sure that the gentleman himself has been per-
fectly free from such impressions, notwithstand-
ing he is a married man. He is gallant, generous,
and chivalrous. I am not surprised, therefore,
that he has taken the side of the younger widows.
Mr. CHARLTON. The Senator will permit
me to say that I was, on the contrary, going
against them, and taking the side of the old revo-
lutionary widows.
Mr. BUTLER. My opinion is, that we can
define by law the classes of persons to whom we
propose to give pensions—that is, widows of rev-
olutionary officers and soldiers. Sir, I will say
to my friend from Georgia that that class of illus-
trious women might very well be personified by
Cornelia. She was both the daughter of Scipio
and the mother of the Gracchi. In every point of
view she is illustrated, if I may be permitted to
use her as a personification, by those illustrious
women who, during the Revolution, were con-
nected in any way, by marriage or otherwise,
with revolutionary officers and soldiers. A woman
who has married a revolutionary soldier derives
from him historical interest which cannot be re-
sisted. I am willing, on every account, both as
a tribute to their historic character and to the great
merit of the officers and soldiers who achieved
our independence, to make that distinction; but I
am willing to extend it no further.
Sir, I hope that I am not indifferent to any
widow who may come here and claim our bounty
and our justice; I do not care whether she be the
widow of a soldier or not. I think that many old
widows might come here and claim our bounty
with as much propriety as some young ones whose
husbands drew pensions in their lifetime. It is
difficult, as my friend says, to draw a distinction.
Perhaps I did upon some occasion here use the
expression that it was safer, in my opinion, or
that there was more wisdom in following; the im-
pulses of a warm heart, than the dictates of a cold
or crafty head. I believe I did use some expres-
sion of that kind; but when I draw distinctions
