208
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 4.
acter. [know nothing of Commodore Morgan;
and I know ami care nothing as to the Biotives
which prompted the honorable Senator to intro-
duce this resolution; but the resolution itself is a
sort of a hill of indictment by insinuation against
an officer of the y, for matters and things which
1 think the Senate ought not to investigate at all.
There are a great many things asked for in the
resolution. It is as long as the moral law, and I
cannot remember the whole of it; but it is a sort
of a bill of indictment against the Secretary of the
Navy. Making the inquiry in the form in which
it does, it presupposes that these men would use
the public property of the country. It refers to
national vessels lying in port, and hiring ships to
transport stores. It also contains a sort of insinu-
ation about carrying women on board, and various
things of that sort."There is nothing at all definite
about it. If anything has been done improperly
by this officer, and the Secretary of the Navy has
been guilty of any laches, and it is so stated in a
responsible manner, and the information is asked
for, I will vote for it: but I will not vote for a long
bill of indictment of this description. The mis-
chief that I sought to avoid, by not taking up the
resolution, has been accomplished, and I have
been tempted to consume a little of the time my-
self. But that I may not be charged with incon-
sistency, I will say nothing more.
Mr. MALLORY. Mr. President, I have taken
the opportunity during the debate, of looking at
the resolution which lias been presented to the
Senate. As a member of the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, and as, I am happy to say, a friend of
the Navy, it will afford me a great deal of pleasure
at all times to facilitate any inquiry into the con-
duct of the Navy, for I am satisfied that if there
be any error or fault in that condition, it is not the
fault or error of the Navy proper, but it is the
neglect of the proper authorities of the country
to guard and take care of it. At all events, we
should never shun inquiry when properly put
forth. I, for ong, seek it; and I predict here that
when inquiry does come to be made, when mem-
bers of Congress understand the true condition of
the Navy, its regeneration will commence, and
not before.
I do not attack the motives of the Senator from
New Hampshire in presenting this resolution; but
I have not been blind, nor has the Senate been
blind, to the fact that throughout the previous ses-
sion, since I have had the pleasure of being upon i
this floor at all events, the^most bitter opponent I
of the Navy, and everything concerning the Na-
vy, has been that honorable Senator. And from
time to time, whether it be the introduction of a
resolution to restrict commissions in the Navy to
ten years, or whether it be any other plan which
wouid break down the Navy and annihilate it, the
severest blow against the service has come from
that Senator. I attack no man's motives; but I
tell the honorable Senator if his efforts had pre-
vailed, our Navy would not have been fit for any
honorable man's ambition.
The design of this resolution, I presume, is a
proper design of inquiry. I have !lo doubt—con-
sidering the views of the Navy which that honor-
able Senator entertains—that he seeks whatappears
to him, at least, verv proper information upon the
:;ubject, to guide his future action. I have no
doubt of it; but I tell him that if he will look at
the resolution again, he will find it to be simply an
arraignment of one of the most distinguished offi-
cers of our country—a man whose reputation is
dearer to him than anything else—a man who has
outlived everything else that is valuable in life, but
that reputation which is dear to him. Without
any previous charge before that tribunal which the
country justifies and gives him, he is arraigned
here before the Senate of the United States in the
attitude of a criminal. The resolution is not sim-
ply an appeal for information. It presents the
officer here m violating almost every order that has
ever been issued to commanders in the Navy.
The inquiries are, how long his ship remained in
port after her arrival at Naples before she sailed
for the United States; what portion of this time
was passed by Commodore Morgan on shore, and
what time on board of his ship; what is the ex-
pense of sailing and managing a ship of the char-!
acter of the Independence, per day and per year; j
whether Commodore Morgan without authority
chartered a vessel to carry his stores from Spezzia
to Naples, and whether the amount was paid ,
by Commodore Morgan or by the Government;
whether he had any instructions for target-firing,
and for exercising his fleet in fleet-sailing: whether
he took women on board of his vessel, without de-
scribing the character of the women: whether
there are any instructions on that subject: and
winding up with the inquiry, whether Commodore
Morgan has been arraigned for disobedience of the
orders, laws, or instructions which govern the
Navy- Certainly, it must be presupposed by the
honorable Senator that Commodore Morgan has
done one or the other, or the resolution woulfl
not have been proposed. The honorable Senator
knows as well as any of us, that a charge of this
kind laid by him before the Secretary of the Navy,
would have called forth immediately a communica-
tion from him to Commodore Morgan, by whom
a full and satisfactory explanation of all these
matters would have been ijiven.
In times gone by, it has been considered by
the country, that this was the last appeal for
injured innocence; whenever a man's reputation
was at stake, and he could get no justice from the
departments, it was considered that here in this
august tribunal, he might come as a last resort of
appeal. But now it has become the everyday
practice, on the complaints of nameless persons,
upon reports and idle rumors, to arraign the repu-
tation of a man who has passed his life in the ser-
vice, and who has nothing but his reputation. I
do not propose to stifle inquiry, because I have
not the slightest question that the honorable Sen-
ator seeks a proper inquiry; but in view of the fact
that he has distinguished himself upon this floor
as the peculiar enemy of the Navy, I will move
that the resolution be laid over until to-morrow
'morning.
The PRESIDENT. The resolution is not be-
fore the Senate, and therefore, that motion cannot
be made. The question now, is on taking it up
for consideration.
Mr. CASS. I want to repeat what I said be-
fore, that there are suggestions in the resolution
which are proper subjects of inquiry for the Amer-
ican Senate; but the difficulty is, it is too detailed;
and I think the honorable Senator will see that the
phraseology in some portions of it, convey impu-
tations that would not be proper without the
knowledge of facts justifying them. But it does
not do to say as to resolutions of inquiry, with
respect to any circumstance, before either House
of Congress, that they contain such imputations
upon officers that they ought not to be made. The
inquiry should be made in proper language, and
then let the facts come before us.
My honorable friend from Illinois asked what
we could do if we had this information? Why,
we are not obliged to resort to a court-martial.
Why, we can ascertain what the facts are; we can
ascertain whether the laws have been executed;
we can ascertain whether there has been abuse of
the public money. What can we do then ' We
can pass a law to remedy it. If necessary, we can
stop the appropriations. Suppose all the ships in
the Navy were to be ordered to New York, or any
other great abuse which you might assume should
be committed, should we have no remedy? The
remedy is clear. We, conjointly with the House,
hold the purse-strings; and we ought to hold them
tight under those circumstances.
I have no imputations to make against Commo- 1
dore Morgan. I believe him to be an honorable
man; and as to the Navy, my feelings are and al-
ways have been favorable towards it. No man
esteems it higher than I do; but that is no reason
why we should not make proper inquiries. These
inquiries are among the elements of the character
and good conduct of the Navy. Place it beyond
the supervision of either House of Congress, and
what security would you have for it, or for the
army, or for any other public institution—no
matter who the Executive is 5 I do not refer to
Mr. Fillmore, or General Jackson, or Mr. Mon-
roe, or anybody else. The very theory of our
Government is, that Congress should supervise
the acts of all. They should be held to responsi-
bility by Congress.
I repeat to the honorable Senator from New
Hampshire, that the resolution, in its present
shape, is such as I cannot support; but I will go
for any proper inquiry, couched in proper lan- j
guage. I make no intimation against the Senator, j
but I think the resolution imputes or intimates !
more than he intends. If the inquiry be in proper j.
language, I will go for it, or any other investiga-
tion which may be asked.
The question was taken, and the Senate refused
to take up the resolution.
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, January 4, 1853.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Rev. C. M. Butler.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER. Petitions are in order from
the State of Maine.
ALEXANDER RAMSAY.
Mr. SIBLEY. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to offer the following resolution of
inquiry, to which I hope there will be no objec-
tion :
Resolved, That the Committee on Indian Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the falsity or correctness of allega-
tions contained in certain of the public prints, with regard
to the disbursement by Alexander Kamsay, Superintendent
of Indian Affairs, of the money appropriated to carry out
the stipulations of the treaties concluded with the Sioux or
Dacot&h Indians in the year 1851, and that said committee
be authorized to send for persons and papers.
Mr. STANLY. What will be the order of
business after the States shall have been called for
petitions *
The SPEAKER. The call of committees for
reports.
Mr. STANLY. When will resolutions be in
order according to the rules of the House?
The SPEAKER. Resolutions will not be reg-
ularly in order until after the thirty days of tne
session shall have expired, and then on alternate
Mondays. m
Mr. STANLY. If we adhffe to the rules it
will give every class of business a chance, and I
therefore object to the resolution.
Mr. SIBLEY. I beg that the gentleman will
listen to me. There have been allegations made
against a high public functionary and certain prom-
inent citizens in Minnesota. I wish merely, in
justice to the Governor of Minnesota Territory
and other prominent individuals, to introduce this
resolution.
Mr. STANLY'. We have justice to do to all
the citizens of the country. 1 object to the intro-
duction of the resolution.
Mr. FLORENCE. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to introduce a resolution.
Mr. LETCHER. I object.
Mr. FLORENCE. I desire that it may be
read for information.
Several Members objected.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I move that the rules
be suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. HOUSTON. I had intended, before going
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, to introduce a resolution to close de-
bate on the pending question.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I wi
will withdraw my
motion.
CLOSE OF DEBATE.
Mr. HOUSTON. I propose the following res-
olution:
Resolved, That all debate in the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union on the bill of the House No. 332,
making appropriations for the support of the Military Acad
emy for the year endingthe 30th of June, 1854, shall cease in
one hour after its consideration is resumed, (if the commit-
tee shall not come sooner to a conclusion upon the same,)
and the committee shall then prooeed to vote on such amend-
ments as may be pending or offered to the same, and
shall then lay it aside to be reported to the House with such
amendments as may have been agreed to by the committee.
Mr. STUART. Is that resolution in order
now ?
The SPEAKER. * It is in order.
Mr. STUART. Is not the order of business
the call upon States for petitions?
The SPEAKER. This is a privileged motion,
the gentleman having obtained the floor to move
the resolution.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I move to amend the
resolution by striking out the words " in one
hour," and inserting " to-morrow," so as tagive
gentlemen an opportunity to be heard.
Mr. HOUSTON. If gentlemen will pass this
resolution, and lay aside this bill, I will ask to
take up another bill. Let the debate be continued
upon the other bills when we take them up.
