THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Congress, 2d Session-.
WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 5, 1853.
New Series No. 14.
The question was then taken on Air. Richard-
sok's amendment, and there were—ayes 43, noes
70; no quorum voting.
Mr. RICHARDSON demanded tellers; which
were ordered; and Messrs. Lockhart and Mc-
N*ir were appointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 54, noes 64.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
[A message was here received from the Senate,
by Mr. Dickixs its Secretary, as follows:
Mr. r*E*r*KER; The Senate have passed a bill of this
House ol the following title, via : H. R. No. 150, An act
authormn:; certain Miuiierv of the late war with (Jreat Bri-
tain to surrender tlie bounty land* drawn by them, and to
h>oaie oihers m lien thereof, without amendment. The
Senate have also passed bills of the following titles, viz : S.
No. 31K). An act tor the relief of the heirs of Lieutenant
Colonel Henry Miller, late of Pennsylvania, for services m
the revolutionary war. > \o. -13-1, An act for the reliet ot
Richard B. Lee." S. No. .IS.'), An act for Hie relief of James
Wormsley ; in which [ am directed to ask the concurrence
of this House.]
Mr. HOUSTON. I demand the previous ques-
tion upon my m-'tion.
Mr. FICKLIN. I ask the gentleman from Al-
abama to amend his resolution by making the hour
for closing the debate, three o'clock.
Only 3S gentlemen voting, the previous question
was not seconded.
Mr. HOUSTON. I will modify my resolution
go as to make the time for closing debate two hours
after the House shall have resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The resolution, as modified, was then adopted.
Mr. HOUSTON. I now propose that the
.House shall resolve itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. STANLY. I hope that the gentleman
from Alabama will allow committees to be called
for reports for an hour. I demand tellers upon the
gentleman's motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Gatlord
and Lockhart were appointed.
The question was then taken,and the tellers re- j
ported—aves 75, noes not counted. ]
The House accordingly resolved itself into the I
Committee of the Whole on thestate of the Union,
(Mr. Richardson in the chair,1 and resumed the
consideration of House bill No. 332, making ap-
propriations for the support of the Military Acad- :
emv for the year ending the 30th of June, 1854. >
The CHAIRMAN. When the committee rose
on yesterday, the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Polk] was entitled to the floor.
ACQUISITION OF CUBA LIEUT. GENERAL.
Mr. POLK. As I entered this Hall yesterday
morning, on returning from the enjoyment of the
Christmas holidays, I found my friend from North
Carolina [Mr. Vevable] discussing the Cuban
question. I listened to him with a great deal of
pleasure, and admired the adroitness with which
lie plied his arguments; but, at the same time, it
atruck me that he occupied outrange position, being
go closely affiliated with the recently-published
opinions of General Cass in the Senate. It has
employed my attention ever since, to ascertain
whether my friend from North Carolina has turned
old fngy, or whether General. Cass has turned fire-
eater. They occupy the same position. It may
be possible that General Cass, aware of the great
care which the executor of the character of Calhoun
has taken of him, may consider himself under
some sort of obligation, as the last of the noble
spirits in the Senate, to let his mantle fall also upon
the shoulders of so worthy an executor. He says
that he is opposed to the acquisition of any terri-
tory at all. I can only conceive, then, that he has
adopted the principles contained in the report of
the Secretary of War. If he is going to make it
an ultra doctrine, he will go in for that report,
which proposes to sell New Mexico to the In-
dians, Delegate and all. [Laughter.] Probably we
are growing too large.
The gentleman, in another of his positions, says
that at this time everything entitled to freedom en- i
14
joys it. Wouldnot the declaration of such fi senti-
ment have suited better'the English Parliament in
1776 than the American Congress of 1853? 1 will
not stop to enter upon an examination of the mis-
chief winch will result from the promulgation of
such a doctrine. I will not stop to examine the
effect which it must have upon our own institutions.
Are you for shutting down th* gates, and becom-
ing as oppressive as England was to us, and show
to the world that you are unworthy of freedom ?
How do you know that all who are entitled to
freedom enjoy it? Have those who are the sub-
jects of kingly Powers tried it ? Have they had
as fair an opportunity as we have had to test the
experiment? No, sir. And here I dismiss my
old friend from North Carolina, [Mr. Yen aei.f.,]
who, m the few days intervening between the lust
session and this, has thrown off all of youth, and
gone soul and body to "fogyism."
Sir, I notice that the course of Mr. Fillmore
upon the Cuban question, has been entirely ap-
proved by some men belonging to our own party,
and by Democratic newspapers scattered here and
there throughout the country, and I believe the
gentleman from North Carolina did the same
thing yesterday. I do not approve of it. Why?
I object to the slaughter of the fifty men at Ha-
vana. Why do I object to it? The treaty of
commerce, peace, and navigation, between the
United States and Spain, required the President
to issue his proclamation. I cannot say that I
admire the phraseology, the form, or the extent
of that proclamation, but when it was issued we
had performed our part of the treaty. Did Spain
or the Cuban authorities, when those men were
taken in arms, observe the treaty and give a fair
and open trial,with all the privileges of counsel to
the prisoners before execution ? A treaty between
two Governments must be mutually observed or
it is nothing. I say that the Government of the
United States observed their feature of the treaty
and that the Government of Spain violated theirs.
Although those fifty men were taken in arms,
yet by the treaty between the two Governments,
they had a right to a fair, impartial, public trial.
That is a distinct stipulation in the treaty, but the
Spanish authorities mocked it, and those men were
tried, if tried at all, in secret, and were carried out
and shot down in violation of the treaty, which
Mr. Fillmore was trying to carry out. If he was
so anxious to carry out the provisions of the treaty
against the " filibusters," why did he not show
equal industry and equal good-will in carrying out
that feature of it which guarantied to those men
a fair trial, a fair hearing, which every American
can demand of any Power with which we have
the usual treaty stipulations? j
Mr. BROOKS. If .the gentleman will allow ;
me, I wish to correct him with regard to a matter
of fact. Those persons all had trials before the '
courts of Havana. They were openly examined, |
and each and every one of them had a fair trial.
Mr. POLK. Justice in this country is an altar ]
at which we worship. But 1 am astonished to 1
find that the gentleman from New York approves ;
of Spanish justice. Will you subject the Amen- |
can citizen to it who is not protected by this, I had
almost said pusillanimous Administration; but I will ,
not say it. Does the gentleman from New York
approve of that, and say that our Government was i
correct in submitting to a mock trial of these men j
before a military commission, without any coun-
sel upon the behalf of the prisoners, without an
opportunity of communicating with their friends,
and without even the poor privilege of bringing
the facts to light connected with their guilt, if in-
deed they were guilty at all ?
Mr. BROOKS. The gentleman is in error.
Mr. POLK. I cannot yield to the gentleman.
He will have an opportunity of replying to me.
Mr. BROOKS. I fear I shall not have the op-
portunity, unless I interrupt the gentleman.
Mr. POLK. Well, sir, I say that this Govern-
ment stands in this light before Europe and the
world; you have had fifty men slaughtered in
Cuba in violation of a treaty obligation, and you
cubmit to it.
Is that all the submission? Is that the only ig-
nominy that brands itself upon the American char-
acter in this connection ? No, sir. We not only
submit to that, but we break down the American
honor by agreeing to salute a returning consul in
honor of the slaughter—1 mean the return of the
Spanish Consul to New Orleans.
Sir, what sort of respect can we look for from
any foreign country? What indignity will not
be shown to our flag? What wrong, nations will
ask, can we perpetrate to drive you into a defense
of your honor? If the policy of this Administra-
tion is carried out, the only question with for-
eign nations will be, not " will this offend?" but
" to what extent can we offend ?" I will not stop
to number the ignominies, one, two, three, and
four. I will not stop to discuss the Thrasher
case. I will not stop to discuss the Crescent City
case, because I do not feel that I could throw any
light on the question, unless I had time for proper
preparation. I intended on yesterday merely to
enter into the discussion while the blood was up,
and while the debate was progressing. If, how-
ever, the course of this Administration was ex-
amined upon the slaughter of those fifty men in
Havana, upon the Crescent City case, and upon
the Thrasher case, it would be found that it had
disgraced the Government in each instance.
Mr. Chairman, is that all with regard to Cuba?
The best way to present this question is: How
stands our diplomatic corps in Europe? Are
our diplomatic agents rpspected there? Is our
Minister to France respected ? Are his declarations
upon the part of his Government respected? Is
the American Minister to Spain respected ? Are
his declarations respected ? Are any of our Min-
isters respected upon the Continent? I do not
pretend to say that our respectability lias been
compromised by either one of the distinguished
gentlemen who represent us abroad in a diplomatic
capacity, by any act of theirs. Sir, I say that
this Administration has broken down the respectabil-
ity and the honor of the nation abroad. How so?
By the publication of a correspondence which
bears the mark of privacy upon its face, and which
teas declared to be private and confidential. Mr.
S .unders applied to the Spanish Minister of For-
eign Affairs for an interview, stating that it was
to be plicate and confidential. Of course, the results
of the interview were communicated to the re-
spective Governments—that is, this Government
and Spain—but Mr. Saunders states, in all his let-
ters to Mr. Buchanan, that the interviews were
private, and that his Government would so con-
sider them. Are they private now?
Suppose, Mr. Chairman, that you were Minis-
ter to a foreign Power at this hour, and that it was
necessary for your Government that you should
have an interview with the Minister of Foreign Af-
fairs, for the purpose of shaping and forming its
action on any great question, and you went to the
Minister of Foreign Relations and said: " Sir, my
Government has something to communicate, and
I desire a private interview with you." " Well,"
he would reply, " I will give you an interview,
but what guarantee shall I have that what I say is
private 7 Your Government betrays confidence.
Your Government has compromised all your ability
for diplomacy in ascertaining facts and carrying out
the purposes of your international policy " What
sort of a position is that, for so great rf Government
as this to be in ? At home we can maintain our
honor, but abroad, an Executive upon a simple
application for information under the usual.pro-
vision may compromise it.
Sir, there were two purposes in the publication
of that correspondence, and they are clear and dis-
tinct. One purpose was—and it shows how party
tactics can be brought to bear—to make an issue
in the late presidential election upon the Cuba
question. That was the first object in view. The
nextobject in view was to preventtheacquisition of
Cuba at any time, and to let theabolitionists of the
North know the position of a Democratic Admin-
istration upon the question, and that coming frotn
the South. Is Mr. Fillmore censurable for this?
I dislike to assail a dying Administration. I dis-
