1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
213
Mr. BROOKS. I understand the gentleman.
The srround I will take is, that the prisoners,
though they hail expatriated themselves, never-
theless were tried according to the treaty. I have
before me the words of the treaty, which I have
just had tune to find since I came here into the
House. The treaty was made the 27th day of
October, 17tf j. Tiie seventh article, to which the
gentleman refers, runs thus:
•• And iu ail cases of detention and arrest for debts con-
tracted or ortense> cuiminited In liny citizen, ot one of the
contracting parties within the jurisdiction of the other, tile
same shall be ;tr >-tv!>v order and authority of iaw
tmli , and Jicotdim to tkij icgulur course of proceedings
/ l  cum'V
The on'y ipiestion is whether these fifty pris-
oners were tried, in the language of that treaty,
•• according to the regular course of proceedings
usual in such cases." Now, for all cases of con-
spiracy or treason, under the laws of Spain, there
exists throughout all the Indies, I believe, espe-
cially there exists in Cuba, what is called "a mil-
itary commission,''a common and ordinary tri-
bunal, instituted since the year 18d5, for the trial
of such crimes as may be committed against the
State. Any one, be he Spaniard, Englishman, or
American, who is accused of conspiracy against
the Government, or who is guilty of treason, is
tried before that military commission. These
were taken with arms in their hands, flagrante
beLo, and never disguised, but, on examination,
ail confessed the fact, and they suffered with firm-
ness the consequences of their crime.
Air. POLK. Will the gentleman allow me to
interrupt him? Will the gentleman from New
York state that the fifty prisoners taken under the
operation of that provision of the treaty never had
an opportunity to communicate with counsel,
never had an opportunity to see a friend, never
had an opportunity of defense, and then answer
ine if they were not tried upon ex parte testimony?
Mr. BROOKS. I will answer him. One of
the first rules or ordinances in this military tribu-
nal is, that the party alleged to be guilty of trea-
son or conspiracy shall be allowed to have the
privilege of selecting an orator or defender, which
privilege these prisoners had and exercised. They
were regularly tried before this tribunal, enjoying
all the rights and privileges of a Spanish subject
in like condition. Their orator or defender was
selected. A minute and careful investigation took
place in the case of each and every one of the
whole fifty—their answers, as well as other facts,
were all carefully taken down in public open court
—and that examination is a matter of public rec-
ord, which anybody who has the curiosity can
see either in the State Department, or in the judi-
cial report of Cuba. j
Mr. POLK. Will the gentleman from New j
York tell me whether the person appointed to I
defend them was an American or Spaniard ? ]
Mr. BROOKS. I am not able to answer.
Mr. POLK. He was a Spaniard. Can an
American hope for justice, battling against a
Spanish court with-a Spanish advocate? It is
mockery.
Mr. BROOKS. Of course he must have been a
Spaniard. To address a Spanish tribunal, a Span-
ish defender was indispensably necessary. But
be this as it may, they were all tried " according
to the regular course of proceedings usual in such
cases," and had just such a trial, just such a de-
fense, and just such protection as the highest
Spanish subject in the kingdom would have had.
The point, then, I make is this.: that these persons
had exactly the same privileges of trial that a
Spanish subject would have had under the Span- :
ish Government, and thus had all the benefits of
the seventh article of the treaty of 1795. And does
the gentleman, under the law of nations, independ- \
ent of treaty, expect anything more for an Amer- ;
lean citizen, in a Spanish country, than the laws of
Spain give to a native-born subject of those laws ?
Mr. POLK. It seems difficult for the gentle- i
man to comprehend me. '
Mr. BROOKS. If I had time to submit to
these interruptions, I would show less impatience
in submitting to thern. I certainly have no objec-
tion to any correction of a misstatement of facts,
if any such I have made, and as I go along, will
cheerfully submit to corrections of them. The
point which the gentleman made was, that these
prisoners, though guilty of graes violations of law,
as he admits, were not tried according to treaty.
The reply which I make is, that under the treaty,
these persons had exactly the same trial in Cuba
which a Spanish subject had, and I may add, that
exactly those proceedings which we ourselves
submit to in the United States, a Spai.ish subject
would have to submit to if tried in the United
States under our laws. These Americans, who
had abandoned their country, broken its laws,
and the laws of God and man, I may add also,
nevertheless were examined, tried, and convicted,
just exactly as Spanish subjects would have been,
and just exactly as they would have been tried
under the treaty of 171)5, as if in other things than
treason to Spain they had been good, obedient
American citizens. What more could be asked
for them ? Nay, could we justly have complained,
taken in arms ag they were, if they had been sum-
marily executed on trie spot of their capture? This
military commission,before which they were tried,
consists of some of the highest officers of the
Spanish army, at whose head is a brigadier gen-
eral of the regular army. It is not a mere mili-
tary court-martial, but it is a regularly instituted
tribunal, no t improvised for this immediate occasion,
but a court recognized by the laws of Spain—as
old, I stated before, as the year 1895—and it is
subject, I am informed, to a reversal of its pro-
ceedings by the Real Awliencia Prelorial, the royal
court of judicature, and the highest judicial court
in Cuba. It was the only authority in Cuba com-
petent, under the civil law, to pass judgment upon
these prisoners who stood accused of treason, and
they could not h ive been tried by any other tri-
bunal without manifest violation of the laws of
Spain.*
But it ill becomes the United States, Mr. Chair-
man, which ill parallel cases have executed like
summary laws upon the subjects of other Govern-
ments, to complain of a parallel execution of laws
in this Cuba case. What was the conduct of
General Jackson in Florida, with regard to Ar-
buthnot and Ambristeri When he found those
British subjects in Florida violating the laws of
nations, in there stirring up sedition, or rebellion,
did he subject them to any other trial except that t
of a drum-head court-martial? Did he subject j
them to any long-established military tribunal, H
recognized by the civil law ?—to any Jludieneia
Prelorial? Did he give them any examination
whatsoever? Did he not, under this drum-head
court-martial, try and execute them in a most sum-
mary manner, maintaining, as he said, the laws
of nations, and in defiance of the power and au-
thority of Great Britain ? When we have thus ex- j
ercised the power of life and death over British :
subjects, and by a mere drum-head court-martial, !
shall we complain when like jurisdiction is exer-
cised over our citizens more fearfully violating the
law of nations—with arms in their hands, slay-
ing, murdering a people, with whom we are at
peace, and a treaty covenant for peace besides?
*The proceedings of the Tribunal which examined these
prisonersare long and minute. Don Pedro Pablo Cruces,
Colonel of Cavalry, was ttie Fiscal of the Tribunal. (August
16,1851.) Francisco Gregono de Valdermana was Inter-
preter. Witnesses were examined, stating at length the
capture of these invaders, and all the other well known
facts. Then ensued a general examination of the whole
party (50) in detail. Home specimens are translated
Ifm. L. Crittenden, born in Kentucky, an officer in the
United States Army, in the line of the Infantry, having re-
signed two years since, sworn, and upon being interro-
gated, said: (Mr. Crittenden here went fin, and at consid-
erable length, gave all the circumstances of Ins -ailing from
New Orleans in the Pampero, his landing at liahia Honda,
his age. 20 years, &c.; and tben signed his name to what ■
he said, in presence of Pedro P. Cruces and Francisco
Gregorio de Valdermano.)
J. B. Veazy told the same story, made the same eonfes- ■
sions, signed his name, in presence of the officials.
Ntifoleon Collins, Protestant, told about the same story,
had no profession, born in Philadelphia, signed his name.
James Brandt, of New Orleans, Protestant, of no profes- i
sion, aged -28 years, told about the same story—signed.
Jtlfred Roper, Vew York, &c., do. do.
William B. Little, born in Ireland, Roman Catholic, en-
gaged in commerce, same story.
Ditto, ditto, the whole fifty. The condensed report of
the trial occupies thirty four pages in closely-written (Span-
ish) folios. No one denied the facts, and all admitted their
complicity in the guilt. The only extenuation attempted
was the belief that the island was in insurrection, as Lo-
pez told therri it was. They were executed, it will be re
inembered, when the rest of the Pampero n'lrly \va< on the
island in arms. Certified copir=of the trial were shown by
the Spanish authorities to Mr. Webster, fecretarv of State, i
The forms are very minute. The officials sign every indi-
vidual case, and make each a matter of especial record.
These prisoners left nothing to contest by a trial. Taken
flagrante delicto, they all confe-sed their crime. They all
signed their names to their confessions. All their forms the
military tribunal has made matter of minute record, and
with great care.
Mr. POLK. They were executed for the same
reason that General Washington executed Andre,
and every Whig of revolutionary standing approved
the execution.
Mr. BROOKS. Where was the sensibility of
gentlemen during the Administration of General
Jackson, when those summary and bloody pro-
ceedings took place in Texas,—at Goliad, if I rec-
ollect aright,—at the Alamo,and elsewhere, when
the blood of American citizens was shed profusely,
coolly, cruelly,—in a mode and manner that made
men start and shiver as they read. If General
Jackson and those at the head of his administra-
tion did not think that those people were legally
executed under the laws of nations, when they
were violating the rights, privileges, and laws of a
people with whom we were at peace, by invading
a then foreign country, why did they not then de-
clare war? If such sensibility then existed as now
exists, why was not summary vengeance instituted
for the murder of American citizens in cold blood,
without the benefit of trial at all ? Where was the
like sensibility in the case of the steamer Caroline,
during Mr. Van Buren'a administration—taken
by a British force in American waters, conducted
over to British territory, and burnt, as is alleged,
with human beings, American citizens, on board ?
What was done to those American citizens who
went across Lake Ontario and were captured with
arms in their hands, or with those who were
taken in flight upon the ice on Lake Erie,—it
may have been on American territory ? They
weie sent to the eastern criminal depots of Great
Britain, with thieves, robbers, murderers, convicts
of all classes, to associate with,—without any re-
monstrances upon our part, and we not only sub-
mitted to that, but we submitted to ail the pro-
ceedings arising in the case of the capture of the
Caroline upon our own soil, without any violent
remonstrances upon our part, or certainly not any
remonstrances amounting to anything like a pro-
posed declaration of war.
And yet these gentlemen who were thus sub-
missive against the high and powerful authority
of Great Britain, because she had power and au-
thority to maintain her dignity and positions, now
tell us we are a dishonored and disgraced nation,
because we have permitted Spain, in her weak-
ness, to do far less than Great Britain has done in
her might. What am I to conclude? That they
are consistent? That they are more patriotic now
than they were then? Am I not rather to con-
clude that these outcries are made against the sec-
ond rate power of Spain, in order to create some
pretense to seize upon the Island of Cuba, not-
withstanding gentlemen tell us in one breath that
they would never take it, but according to the laws
of nations; in peace, and by the consent of the
Spanish Government, while in another, they
start up these false pretenses for war? Cases
passed over in silence with Great Britain are to
be seized upon merely as a pretense for the pur-
pose of invading Cuba, though we have submitted
under preceding Democratic Administrations, to
like cases of injury over and over again, where
Great Britain was our assailant, because she was
too strong to be plundered.*
* 111 September, 1848, James Bergen, a native of Connec-
ticut, and Richard Ryan, an Irish horn, but naturalized
American citizen, were incaieerated inthe Newgate prison,
Dublin, under an arrest for treason. (They weie tin re
during the last attempted Iri'-h rebellion.) Mr. Bancroft
warmly remonstrated. Mr. Buchanan, (then Secretaiy of
State,) fir.-t instructed Mr. Bancroft, (October 23, 1^8,)
that "treason cannot be committed by a citizen of the
United States against a foreign Government;" hut (Oeto-
her 28) alter reading Blackstone's Commentaries, East's
Crown Law. &c., he writes: "I was too hasty in (so)
Hating," and recalls this part of his instruction. Bergen
and Ityan were kept in Newgate prison, in spite of re-
monstrances, till Lord Palmerston was ready to let them
go. Lord Pahnerston writes, (Septen.ber.')(!:)
" Her Majesty's Government see no reason for releasing
Mr. Bergen and Mr. Ityan from imprisonment."
Lord Palmerston refused copies of Police instructions
under which these men were arrested, and coolh said:
" Iler Majesty's Government is responsible for all acts,
(under such instructions.) and have no wish or intention to
shrink, fyc."
Mr. Ryan (September 1) writes from Newgate pri-on to
James K. Polk, Piendent, ftp.:
'* Many Americansli.ivebepn arrested on mere suspicion,
and are tenants of different prisons iri the country. / am
now a resident of a cellin Neirgate." k * * " i had the
pleasure ot calling on jou at Washington in June in.-t, and
Hon. 3. .1. Faran, of Ohio. Senator ffro'neg-iu, of Iminna,
and other members of your legislaiive hall wdl ler you
know wlio I am. I am allowed to see no person m this
place, except such as the Lord Lieutenant permits."
No war followed !
