214
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 4,
Now Mr. Chairman, let me pass to another
count in the indictment, and that is the case of
Thrasher. He had been m the IMand of Cuba
some seventeen years, I believe—a longtime, it is
certain, animo manendi, as the lawyers say—and
sine animorevertendi, and to all intents and purposes
he had become subject to the domiciliary, and other
laws of Spain. Spain, in Cuba, recognizes three
classes of foreigners—transient, domiciled, and
naturalized. Thrasher's case was not that of a
transient foreigner. He was a domiciled for-
eigner, declaring his intention of establishing him-
self on the Island, and apparently intending here-
after to become naturalized. What did he do m
order to become a domiciled foreigner? He took
two oaths which put it without the power of our
Government to protect him;and if 1 had the royal
cedalas of the Indies before me, which are accessible
in a Department Library at the other end of the
Capitol, T should in Spanish quote exactly what
those oaths were, so as to have no mistake in my
statement of them.* The first was in substance
an abjuration of the Protestant religion, and the
adoption of the Roman Catholic religion—the ab-
juration of the religion in which he was born—the
religion of his fathers. The next was an abjuration
of allegiance to his own country, and submission
to the allegiance of Spain. I must do him the jus-
tice to say he was, under the laws of Spain, com-
pelled to take these oaths, in order to be enabled to
acquire property with an exemption from taxes and
excise duties, and to be enabled to exercise certain
callings. But these were the two oaths which
*Real cidula de colonizacion en It isla Cuia, October 21,
1817, (under which Thrasher was domiciled.)
Art. I. Todoslos estrangeros de potencias y naciones
arnicas mia*. y que pretendan establecerse, o que Jo estdn
ya en la lsla'de Cuba, del>erdn hacerconstarporlos medios
corre^pondientes al gobieruo de ella, que profesan la re-
Union Cutanea Romuna, y sin esta indispensable cir-
cumstancia no se les permitir& domiciliate alii ; pero k
mis vasallos <Ie estos doiuinios y los de Indias no se les ha
de obligara e«ta justification, respecto de que en ellos no
puede recaer duda sobre esie punto.
Art. 2. A losestrangeros qiiefuerenadmitidos conforme
al articulo anterior, les recibir& el gohcrnador (s^jvra-
mento de fideudad y" vasallaje-=£b} en que ofrezcan
cumplir las leyea v tfrdenes generaJes de las Indias, a que
est&n sujetos los Espanoles.
[translation.]
Royal ordinance of colonization in Cuba, October 21,
1817, under which Thrasher was domiciled:
Art. 1. All strangers of friendly nations and powers, who 1
wish to establish themselves, or who are established in the j
Island, must make it appear that they profess the Roman j
Catholic religion. Without this indispensable re- i
quisite they will not be permitted to domicil themselves, !
(except Spaniards, from this proof of their religious pro- j
fession.) 1
Art. 2. To those strangers who may be admitted in ac-
cordance with the preceding article, the Governor will
administer {£?-"the oath of fidelity and vassal-
age,(literal translation,) in which they will offer to
comply with the laws and general orders for the Indies to
which Spaniards are subject.
This oath Thrasher took ; and he excuses himself for it at
length in aletterto Don Jos^dela Concha, (Governor, 8te.,)
dated Madrid, March 22,1852. I quote a part of that let-
ter:
"In 1817 the law of domiciliation was promulgated in
Cuba, by which strangers wishing to reside there were
obliged to profess the Roman Catholic faith, and, by a
solemn act, submit to the authorities, tribunal*, and laws of
the country, to the utter exclusion of all other allegiance
and rights
Carta de Domicilio—Letter of Domicil.
Inasmuch as (Mr. Thrasher) has made it appear that he
professes the Roman Catholic religion, and observing in
him the other qualities and circumstances provided for in
the royal cedula of October 25, 1817, * * *
* * * * I grant this letter of domicil, with
which he may establish himself in such place in this island
as may suit the practice of his trade or profession, and en-
joy all the grants and immunities conceded by her Majesty in
her said royal cedilla: having to present himself with this
letter to the Commissioner of the Government, charged with
the matter for that which is ordered, and to be valid for the
term of five years, which boins pas«ed, he must solicit nat-
uralization, or make use of his liberty and leave the island,
as may best suit him.
Given in Havana, &c., &c.
[Signed by.the Captain General's Secretary.]
Certificate of the Government, notary appended to every
application for letter of domicil.
After certifying to name, age, nativity, condition in life,
profession, &c., it reads thus:
The above named (J. S. Thrasher) made oath under which
he promised fidtlity to the Catholic religion, to her Majesty,
and to her law*, renouncing all privilege, right, and pro-
tection of stransership, offering to maintain no depeitdencet
relation, or civil subjection to the country of his nativity, it
being explained to him that this does'not comprise the
domestic relations of family or kindred, nor the economy
ofgood* and interests which he may preserve, and he signed,
"I give faith." [Signature of notajy.]
[Signature of applicant.]
Thrasher took, and in them he renounced his coun- |
try, the rebgion of his childhood and his home. !
And yet thelinnorable gentleman from Tennessee >
[Mr. Polk] rises upon this floor and claims for
this self-expatriated person all the privileges, all
tlie rights of American citizens, and almost insists
upon a declaration of war in his behalf.
Mr. POLK. Certainly I do.
Mr. BROOKS. Well, then, let us see—self-
expatriated as he was—if he has not had all the
rights and privileges of our citizenship. I have
no time to expand an argument upon this point in
the brief period allotted' me, but nevertheless let
us see. Thrasher was tried before the military
tribunal I have spoken of before. He selected of
his own free will, an officer of the Army to conduct j
his defense, who conferred with his client at the 1
trial of the case, and read on the occasion a large
manuscript in defense. The Consul of the United
States was present, and an immense concourse of
people. The Consul of the United States having
remonstrated in his behalf, that in time of peace
he ought not to be tried before a military tribunal,
the Governor General (Concha) re-submitted the
whole case, and the law of the case, with the .
treaty of 1795, to the highest court of judica- ■
ture in Cuba, (Real Judifncia Pretoria!,) and that
tribunal, (October 20, 1851,) upon careful and
solemn examination, sustained all the proceeding
against him as according to the laws of Spain, and
as according to the treaty of 1795, supposing him
to bejtn American citizen. (Signed by the Presi-
dent,'Carbanell,Senores Biretta, Escohara,Ochor,
Oses, Antonio Maria del Rio.) These are facts
in our own public documents. No man in a for-
eign country ever had his case more elaborately
examined; and liberated, as Mr. Thrasher has !
been by the generosity of Spain, he has but very
little reason to complain. Every right that under
the treaty could be given to a real bona fide Amer-
ican citizen, he had; notwithstanding his oath of
abjuration of his religion, and his own native land,
and his solemn pledge of fealty and submission to ;
the Spanish crown. j
I nowapproach, Mr. Chairman, the third count
1 of this indictment, and that is, the case of Mr.
i Purser Smith and the steamer Crescent City.
Time and preparation are needed properly to dis-
i cuss the latter branch of this count—time to read
! the Publicists who have written on such subjects,
I and preparation to digest their learning; but de-
jl bate in this House must be had when oppnrtu-
II nity offers, or the time for reply is lost forever.
! It is very importantto us at home, in our own in-
i ter-State intercourse as well as in our foreign inter- j
j course, to have a proper understanding of the
| laws that govern such cases; and, therefore, T the
| more regret all want of preparation. 1 take it for
! granted, however, on the confessions of the gen- |
'• tleman from Mississippi, [Mr. Brown,] who >
spoke yesterday, that it is now admitted on all
sides of the House that Purser Smith, against the j
laws, orders, and injunctions of Spain, had no
right to land on the Island of Cuba—the principle
being granted, independent of treaty, that an in-
dependent nation can exclude from her territory
whom she will. That I understand to be admit-
ted, and therefore I pass over that point. There
is no question in the law of nations, perhaps, ;
more difficult, or perhaps more discussed among
learned publicists, than the question, where ends
the jurisdiction of a country from whence a vessel
sails, and where begins the jurisdiction of that
country whence that vessel has gone? Within
the marine league of its coast, undoubtedly, the I
sovereignty of a nation is complete; but the flag
floating over a foreign vessel there has not alto-
gether lost the authority of the nation whence it
came. The sovereignty of Spain was undoubt-
edly extended over the Crescent City when within
a marine league of Cuba, and al! on board were
subject to her laws. But something is due to the
comity of nations. A warning was given, re- ;
peated warnings, it is true; but it is a serious i
thing to violate the comity of nations in excluding ]
a ship because of an obnoxious person on hoard. \
What that comity of nations demanded of Spain J
, is in far better hands than mine to discuss—in the
hands of the Secretary of State and of our Min- \
\ ister in Spain. j
I shall not here undertake an impromptu argu-
ment upon so complicated a subject. I abandon j
it to such writers as Huberus anil Hertius, and to ;
i the Administration which has it in charge. All I 1
have to say now is, that when the correspondence
between our Government and that of Spain on this
subject comes to be published, I have no doubt that
this Government will have been found maintaining
to the fullest extent, all the laws, privileges, and
rio-hts, which we can claim as a nation against the
'authorities of Spam.
One point, however, I wish to be instructed
upon particularly, by the gentleman from Missis-
sippi, [Mr. Brown,] the gentleman from Tennes-
see, [Mr. Polk,] and other honorable gentlemen
from that quarter of the country, and that is this:
If Arthur Tappan and his people, whites, not
blacks, from New York, go oft the port of Charles-
ton, or into the Gulf of Mexico, or off the city of
Memphis, with printing presses to spread abroad
incendiary, violent, and insurrectionary publica-
tions among the people there, are they, or are they
not within the jurisdiction of the States off which
they moor? Are they or are they not at Memphis,
within the jurisdiction of Tennessee ? Are they
or are they not within the jurisdiction of South
Carolina ? If they have the right, in point of fact,
to go there with all the freedom clinging to them
of the soil whence they came, the right of free dis-
cussion, the right of printing and publishing, speak
out, and let us know.
The gentleman from Ohio, before nie, [Mr.
Giddings,] will be right glad to know it if he has
the right to go down the Ohio, or to sail from the
port of New York under our free laws there, and
under the protection of our custom-house clear-
ance, to take with him incendiary publications,
inciting the people to what he calls freedom, but
what you call murder, arson, insurrection, trea-
son, and to spread them before the negroes of the
South, upon the Atlantic harbors of the South, or
from the ports of the Ohio and Mississippi rivers.
Pause, then, it is well to pause, and let us be in-
structed before we take that leap upon a principle,
into the dark.
Mr. POLK. I will say to the gentleman that
they would undoubtedly beunder thejurisdiction of
the States which he has named. But is it not aiv
established fact, as Purser Smith has himself
shown, that the Cuban authorities were acting
upon mere suspicion, without any reasonable
ground for the suspicion, more for brarado than the
realization of any established or national right ?
And the Government submitted to the indignity,
and left the honor of the nation in the hands of in-
dividual patriotism and individual energy and en-
terprise.
Mr. BROOKS. Ah! you will never convict
any of our New Yorkers, who may go into the
port of Charleston, upon anything but suspicion.
They will spread their incendiary publications at
night, and not in the broad glare of day. You
will never find anything against them but suspi-
cion. The honor of a nation, its true glory, is in
doing just as it would be done by, and in applying
to the Purser Smith case and to the port of Ha-
vana, the same test of principle it would apply
to Charleston or Savannah, no less, no more.
I turn now, Mr. Chairman, to thp other count
of the indictment against the Administration, the
last of the formidable counts—and that is the pub-
lication of the correspondence in reference to Cuba.
Now, if there be any one principle of the Ameri-
can system of government which is the basis and
root of all our institutions, it is the right of the
American people to know everything that has
been done by their servants, and if there be any
one thing more amazing or astounding than another
in the whole history of this country, it is that any
Administration should have dared, without the
authority of Congress—the disbursing power of
the Government—to promise to give to a foreign
nation $100,000,000 for the purchase of an island
on our coast, and then the long concealment of
that fact from the American people. When first
the fact that such an offer had been made, came
before the public, it burst upon me inspiring some-
thing like indignation in my bosom. I felt for one,
i as a citizen of the United States, that I had been
I deprived of highly important information which 1
j had a right to possess long ago, and as a member
, of the American Congress, I felt that a previous
i Executive had been committing us all, to a prop-
i osition for the disbursement of $100,000,000 out
I of the Treasury, without any authority, whatso-
I ever, from the body to which I belong. I saw
ahead a treaty to be made, which the whole power
of the party making it would be rallied to ratify.
