1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
215
and before we know of it, make it a matter of
party-fealty to indorse, to approve. I felt that a
serious injury had been perpetrated upon A merican
citizens and American Congresses, in concealing
from them all, in information of such transcendent
importance, wherever the public servants of the
country had tried to involve them in gigantic ex-
penditures, aiui more gigantic consequences, with-
out their knowledge or consent.
But, sir, if it was wrong to publish the corre-
spondence, why not lay the charge in the indict-
ment against the House of Representatives ? Why
not impeach the body of which the gentleman
from Tennessee himself is an honorable member?
Sir, for thirty or sixty days—I cannot say pre-
cisely how long, for I have not the means of ref-
erence—that very correspondence lay upon the ,
Speaker's table, of this House, reudy for the
House of Representatives to have it read, or not
read, published, or not published, as it willed.
The whole correspondence, upon the call of the
House, was subject to our disposal, and we are
responsible for the consequences—not the Execu-
tive who obeyed our call. I have no doubt that
the President of the United States, when he sub-
mitted that correspondence at our ca'l—for this
House made the demand for it—thought it would
be paid the respect, at least, of being opened, and
if not read, referred to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs for their examination. But for the want
of that proper respect which is due to the Execu-
tive, whosoever he may be, it was taken from the
table of the House only in the closing scenes of
the session, and hurried, without examination,
into the official printing house of Congress. Sir,
I do not regret its publication. It was wholly
compatible with the public interests, and ita pub-
lication will do great public good. It opens to the
world a page of secret history, that will make it
pause and "think.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I think I have thus briefly
and summarily, though too hastily, responded to
the indictment which the honorable gentleman
from Tennessee has prepared and laid before the
country, against this retiring Administration. But
I must say it was not generous, it was not right,
I would almost say it was not manly, if that would
be proper language upon the floor of the House
to use towards an associate member, thus to tri-
umph over us who have been defeated, and are
now going out of power. Sir, we challenge the
coming generation, we challenge posterity, we
challenge all future time—not the party fanaticism
of the hour—for an examination and a trial of the
foreign policy of this Administration. It speaks ,
now for itself, in letters of gold, in the universal !
peace and prosperity all about us, and it will speak
more and more, and louder and louder, in painful '
contrasts, I fear, hereafter. You who are coming
into power, if you reverse the policy of this Ad-
ministration, if you turn the wheels of the Gov-
ernment backwards, if you overthrow what has
been done, and institute any new schemes of prop-
agandism and plunder, will be only preparing the
way for our rapid return to power, by inspiring
the people with the confidence of our conservative
spirit, the better to administer the foreign affairs of
tne country.
I will not believe, however, that the gentleman
from Tennessee, [Mr. Polk,] or the gentleman
from Mississippi, [Mr. Brown,] speak the policy
of the great party to which they belong. I will
cling to the better belief, that there is a large and
controlling section of that party who, like the gen-
tleman from North Carolina, [Mr. Venable,]
think that the policy of this country is peace,
order, conservatism, and the extension of our prin-
ciples of government by our example, and not by
the terror of our arms. There are those among
us who have ever maintained that if we are to be
a great and good people, and to stand high on the
records of the world, it must be by the magnifi-
cence of our growth in the arts of peace—in agri-
culture and manufactures—and not by our achieve-
ments upon the bloody fields of war. Why, sir,
we may be missionaries, we may be propagan-
dists, but we must not be missionaries or propa-
gandists of war. The sword, the bayonet, and
the cannon ball are not the missionaries that are
exalting our people among the nations of the
earth. Every ragged dirty letter from an Irish- '
man, or German, sent to the banks of the Shan-
non, the Liffey, the Rhine, the Danube, the Elbe,
or the Weser, setting forth the rates of wages, the i
demand for employment, the abundance of bread,
the happiness of himself, his wife, his children, or
the general glory, peace, and prosperity of this our
great country, is more of a propagandist, more of
u missionary lor converting the other nations of
the world than an army of five hundred thou-
sand men, with great parks of artillery.
If we are to convert other nations and lead them
to the adoption of our institutions, it will not be
by war, by the clangor of arms—bulla horrida
betla—but it will be by the arts of peace, by the
force of our example, by demonstrating to all
mankind the power of self-government and of self-
restraint, within the laws of nations and in obedi-
dience to the laws of our own creation. We are
solving the problem whether men can self-govern,
self-restrain themselves; and if we continue for a
century to be as successful as we Have been, the
world will follow our precedent, and acknowledge
the civic supremacy of our Republic.
Mr. GORMAN. I desire to occupy the floor
for a short tune, but I understand that it is the
wish of the gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Hous-
ton] to lay this bill aside and take up the deficien-
cy bill, and to that course 1 have no objection.
Mr. HOUSTON. According to the terms of
the resolution closing deoate, the committee were
instructed to lay this bill aside, to be reported to
the House when the hour arrived fixed upon for
terminating the debate. If, however, theie be no
objection, 1 will move to lay it aside now.
Mr. HALL. I object. 1 want to see what is
in the bill. There may be fifty amendments to
be offered.
Mr. HOUSTON. It is the Academy bill.
Mr. HALL. Well, how do you know that it
will not be amended ?
Mr. HOUSTON. Then you can propose your
amendments now. I am only anxious to accom-
modate the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Gor-
mak.]
Mr. GORMAN. How many minutes have I
to speak in?
The CHAIRMAN. The debate must close in
fifteen minutes, by order of the House.
Mr. GORMAN. I want to occupy more time
than that, so I will yield the floor.
Mr. CHANDLER. I am not prepared to
make a speech upon this occasion. I do not wish
to do it, but there seems to be a fag-end of an hour
which I will occupy with a very few remarks in
reply to something that has fallen from the gentle-
man from Tennessee, [Mr. Polk.]
1 begin, sir, by saying that I have no sympathy
for military titles, no sympathy with military fame,
except so far as it reflects credit upon our country.
I know nothing of these things, and care nothing
about them. There is before this House—brought
hither, at least, by speeches if not by the ordinary
disposition of business—a bill to confer power
upon the President of the United States to pro-
mote some officer of our Army to the rank of
lieutenant general. In the course of discussion
arising out of that bill, the life, character, and ser-
vices of Major General Scott have been brought
under censure here, and he has been made to un-
dergo a second canvass here, when he has but just
escaped from one in which the people, and not the
representatives of the people, had the question di-
rectly before them. 1 was struck, sir, with the
kind of testimony brought against the character
of Major General Scott, with whom I have but
the ordinary acquaintance of one gentleman with
another, and for whom I pretend to no particular
sympathy, although I was somewhat of anoisy ad-
vocate of his election, because I went for my party
and with my party.
But, sir, X was particularly struck with the
warmth of feeling, the glow of animation, and the
burst of eloquence with which the honorable gen-
tleman from Tennessee presented the life and char-
acter and services of the Father of our Country,
and immediately after that he produced from his
desk a pamphlet—a kind of " coffin handbill, of
this age —from which he proceeded to read gross
libelous attacks upon the character of General
Scott from the pen of General Wilkinson. Well
now, sir, General Wilkinson is dead, and I do not
propose to assail him, because I will say nothing
of the dead but what is good, and I am unable to
recall any good that could be said of that dead
man. But, sir, it is a remarkable circumstance
that the honorable gentleman from Tennessee
should have concluded his eulogy upon the life and
! character of Washington by reading from a pam-
phlet produced by an author who seemed to have
taken General Armstrong's Newburg letters for
his model, and to have shown a disposition to
leave on record some virulence that should exceed
that of his predecessor.
The quarrels of men are no proofs of their want
of patriotism or military qualifications. Wash-
ington had several enemies whose open hostility
was well known; but
Whose children blush,
Their fathers were his foes.
Then, sir, the gentleman gives us an extract
from the ashes of General Jackson's urn. Yes,
sir, we are gagged here by a feeling of sympathy
for those who loved and respected that man, and
by an unwillingness on our parts to say anything
: against him, although the gentleman on the other
side brings up that great nian as a witness against
General Scott, and declares that he, General Jack-
son, never did anything from impulse—never spoke
impulsively of any man. Well, sir, I have been
taught to respect the impulses of General Jackson,
and if ever there lived a man of impulses, he was
one. It is a matter betwixt his friends and his
enemies as it regards the character of those im-
pulses.
Well, the next charge against General Scott is
derived from the writings of De Witt Clinton,
after General Scott had imputed to Clinton the
authorship by either dictation or direct writing
of a certain letter. De Witt Clinton was a great
man, a man distinguished in his times, a man of
high character and lofty bearing, a man who was
not afraid or ashamed to set himself up as a can-
didate in opposition to James Madison. Such a
man as that is brought hither to make charges
against General Scott, because General Scott
truly or erroneously imputed to him the author-
ship of a letter. And, sir, what has been read
shows two things, that General Scott might have
been wrong, but that De Witt Clinton was cer-
tainly very angry.
I repeat it, sir, are such collections of hostile
! writings, as have been read here, sufficient to
I bring a shadow upon any living man with the
i smallest claim to public consideration? Who,
1 with such an active life, yielding to or enforcing
military discipline, has escaped antagonisms?
How could it be expected of General Scott to
avoid the common lot of public men ? The wonder
is that any one should descend to scrape up from
their resting-places such records of personal ill-
feeling, and present them to the public without
supplying the means ofjudging of the causes and
progress of the quarrels.
Let those who contrast these misunderstandings
between General Scott and other military or civil
citizens with the life of General Washington, rec-
ollect that General Scott rose from the grade of
sscond lieutenant to that of major general in the
Army of the United States, and had to contend
with the emulation of equals, and the envy «f
those whom he surpassed; while General Wash-
ington was from the first Commander-in-Chief of
the Armies of the United States, and had neither
superior to irritate, nor equal to rival him; and
he commanded, too, at a time when few subor-
dinates would have dared to make free with his
name. A few did, however, and they paid for it.
The honorable gentleman seems to start at the
idea of creating an office equal to that which
General Washington held. It seems to be a sin,
in that gentleman's mind, that any one should
; think of equaling Washington. In virtue, patri-
| otism, and public service, none can; but in office
[ others may, as others have. We have elected
many men to the office of President, which Gen-
eral Washington filled; yet no one thought it
wrong. Every successor of Washington equaled
him in civil position, and I see no reason why,
with the same command, others may not equal
him in military rank.
Now, sir, I do not wish to pursue this subject
further, because I have but a few minutes left. 1
will, however, add one remark. We are told that
the office of lieutenant general is something anti-
republican—something contrary to the simple in-
j stitutions of our country—that it was only given to
General Washington because there were other ma-
jor generals then, and he must be higher than they.
! Do not gentlenjen know that General Washington
i would not have taken an office below that which
j he before occupied? The gentleman from Ten-
