218
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 4,
Mr. GORMAN. Then, Mr. Chairman, the
action of Congress, the action of the different
Presidents, Democratic and Whig, have been ex-
ercising monarchical and aristocratic power under
the fixed laws of the country for twenty-five or
thirty years. If to confer a brevet rank, smacks
of aristocracy, then the real rank must be much
more so. If conferring brevet rank, as an evi-
dence of merit, be anti-democratic, then my friend
from Oregon holds with complacent satisfaction a
badge of aristocracy, which he received from as
purely a Democratic President and Senate, as ever
honored the White House or dignified the Ameri-
can Congress. Sir, the rank of captain, major,
colonel, and general, are all titles of rank in the
Army, not in the civil affairs of the Government.
The Constitution says " no titles of nobility "
shall be granted. What is meant by titles of no-
b.lity? Webster defines nobility to mean "the
qualities which constitute distinction of rank in
civil, society according to the laws or customs of
the country." Then, if this definition be correct,
as it surely is, the framers of the Constitution
simply intended to establish a democratic equal-
ity in rights and privileges under the laws and
Constitution. If it smacks of aristocracy to call a
commander of a regiment a colonel, it is equally
so to say colonel by brevet, and vice versa. All
officers of the Army^now that the brevet rank is
a mere grade, entitling him to command under cer-
tain rules and regulations prescribed by law.
But the grade of lieutenant general is no new
thing. It is recognized in Illinois and Connecti-
cut, in the organization of their State troops:
"la the annual return of the Connecticut militia for 1850,
there are, under the head general staff—
" His Excellency T. 11. Seymour, Captain General.
'■ His Honor G. H. Pond, Lieutenant General."
'•Illinois has a volunteer organization, called a legion,
headed by a lieutenant general, with two major generals,
8tc.
" Thus it is seen that the grade or title of lieutenant gen-
eral (next above major general and below General Waslv
ington's rank) is old among us, and not a new Jangle ; for
we have had, in our army and in our imiitia, every grade of
rank, except field marshal, known to European armies, and
in tnose armies captain general is the highest.
" In the same act, March 3, 1799, (quoted above,) it is ,
declared—
" •' Sec. 8. And be it, At., That, in the ordinary arrange- ;
'ment of the a-my, two regiments of infantry or cavalry !
' snail constitute a brigade, and shall be commanded by a
' brigadier general; two brigades a division, and shall be
'commanded by a major general.1—Hetzel't Mil. Laws, p, I
92. I
" Following out this scale, and there is no other enact-
ment of Congress on the subject, the general regulations for
the army, approved by Mr. Secretary Calhoun, in the name j
of President Monroe, March 1, 1825, and the infantry tac- >
ties, approved by Mr. Secretary Cass, in the name of Pres- I
ident Jackson, April 10, 1835, make two divisions constitute i
an army corps, or corps d'armee, a command for a lieuten-
ant general. *
" The Army of the United States now (1851) consists of
fifteen regiments, two corps of engineers, and the ordnance
department—more than equal to four divisions or two army
corps; that is, equal to commands for two lieutenant gen-
erals. "
Mr. LANE. My friend will allow me to state,
that all the brevets which have been conferred by
the President and Senate of the United States, are
known to the Army regulations as they exist;
known to the laws of the country as they are; and
that far, in my opinion, they even smack a little
of aristocracy. I thank God, I never wanted a
brevet myself. I do my duty, and let it pass for
what it is worth. Let the country brevet officers ,
of the army as it has.
Mr. GORMAN. Then the gentleman com-
plains of the laws of the country for the last thirty-
five or forty years, as they have conferred this
right upon the President and the Senate. A Dem-
ocratic President, Andrew Jackson, exercised it
often—a man who knew well the distinguished
laurel which he was entwining around the blood-
stained brow of one of his generals. My honor-
able friend from Oregon, before he gets through
many more political campaigns, will find that
there is wrapped up in the summer soldier and i
sunshine patriot's heart a determined opposition to
all men who have a little humble military reputa-
tion. He will find when he comes in conflict with
party rancor and excitement, many politicians •
jealous of those laurels so justly won by him.
He will find upon every stump, and at every court-
house, cliques whose envy and jealousies are in-
flicting deathly stabs upon his reputation. There !
are some ten men upon this floor with whom it
has been my pride to serve in the armies of the
country  j
Mr. LANE. I must say to my friend from 1
Indiana that the gentleman from Oregon is a citi-
zen in peace and a soldier in war.
Mr. GORMAN. The gentleman is a good
citizen in peace and a most glorious soldier in
war. I admit all that. It is the same old speech
which I have made for him three or four times.
[Laughter.] If it were necessary for me to give
htm any more devotion than I have manifested
towards him, I could remind him when I was
willing to place my life, with its chances, at his
command. He needs nor asks nothing more than
that.
I say again, that the jealousies of army officers
are this day, in my judgment, at work to keep
from General Scott the brevet which it is proposed
to confer upon him. What for? Because this
country has assigned to him a niche in the temple
of military fame second only to that of Napoleon
himself. Carry out the idea of my friend and
that of other friends upon this floor. Wait until
you go home to your constituents, and there you
will find every politician who lives by politics and
party intrigue jealous of your distinctions. They
would blot out the laurels upon your brow, if they
could. I regret to see my friend from Tennessee
[Col. Polk] occupying the position he does. I
know something of his gallant and chivalric bear-
ing, and I regret to find him occupying his present
position. Why do I regret to find him there? Be-
cause, as he says, General Scott has been defeated,
and we must, therefore, necessarily ease his fall.
Let me tell the politicians of the country that Win-
field Scott, the general of the armies of this coun-
try, was not defeated. I repeat to both Whigs and
Democrats, that Winfield Scott, the general of your
armies, was not defeated in the late contest. It
was Winfield Scott, weighed down by political
weights that would have borne down the stoutest
man of that political organization. Winfield Scott
was borne down to a political grave by dissensions
among hisown partyfriends—by union, harmony,
and concert of action among ourselves. We have
not defeated the laureled hero. We have not de-
feated Winfield Scott, the major general of the
army; we have defeated Winfield Scott,the nomi-
nee of the Whig National Convention. I must be
permitted to say that he takes his defeat like a
philosopher, ana just like a good general should.
1 must tell an anecdote of the general right here,
to show you with what philosophic composure he
looks upon the result. 1 am not a great admirer
of his political sagacity or tact as a politician, for,
of all the ill-managed campaigns, both in the con-
vention, in the resolutions, in everything that
make the elements of popularity, the last Whig
campaign could certainly bear away the palm.
But 1 must tell you how the gentleman takeshis
defeat. I asked him a few days ago why he did
not come down and let us see him; and in reply,
said he, " I have been engaged upon official busi-
ness. 1 should be pleased to see all my friends
here or elsewhere. I was invited not long since,
to visit New York to attend the funeral of the Duke
of Wellington; but I declined, and gave as a reason
that I had been buried myself about two or three
weeks since, and it would not look well to see a
dead man walking in funeral procession." [Laugh-
ter.] In that reply he shows the general. Is it
possible that, forgetting the high position which
we owe to society in a social .point of view, that
we are not able totally to disconnect ourselves as
politicians from the social friendships and domestic
ties which bind us to earth ?
What did my Democratic friends say of General
Scott in the late campaign ? Did they denounce
the military character of the soldier? Certainly
not; they told the people that they were willing to
confer any military honor or distinction on him;
but that he was not asking that. But he was ask-
ing to be the head of the civil affairs of the nation.
He was a Whig. He was not suited by temper,
education, or association, to manage the intricate
machinery of this Government. He was identi-
fied, as the country believed, with sectionalism;
they thought that influences were brought to bear
in nominating him, that would place " a power be-
hind the throne stronger than the throne itself."
For this and many more political reasons, he was
defeated, and rightfully defeated, and no man in
or out of Congress rejoiced more at such a triumph
than I did: nor do I think any man put more heart
into the contest to bring about his defeat than my-
self. But the most powerful element of our suc-
cess, and General Scott's defeat, was that we had
a popular candidate—a man for the occasion—with
a pure, consistent political record; with a clear
head, sound judgment, and sagacious mind; an
accomplished scholar, a good citizen in peace and
a gallant soldier in war, and possessing in a most
eminent degree the confidence of the people. But
enough of this. My colleagues remember that was
the great rock upon which he split. In the northern
portions of our State, where a slight tincture of
sectionalism had obtained a foothold, there the Dem-
ocratic majority was comparatively small; but in
the southern portions of the State, in my friend
Lockhart's district and my own, and in all the
other districts down upon the border of Kentucky,
where there is not so much sectionalism with either
Whigs or Democrats, we find majorities of about
twenty-three hundred in each of our districts for
Pierce and King, where, under ordinary circum-
stances, we do not find majorities anything like
this. That is the secret of General Scott's defeat.
I repeat to my companions in arms, that the soldier
was not defeated.
One other remark here. I am aware that there
are a good many men who might feel chagrined
at my remarks about summer soldiers and sun-
shine patriots. But there are various ways by
which men attack the reputation of military men.
One is by assailing them downright. That, when
a man has ordinary character and courage, is not
often resorted to. Another mode of attack is by
intrigue. That may be met in the same way, or
repelled boldly. Another mode of attack is by
ridicule, together with a thousand and one stories
invented for the purpose of taking a laurel from the
brow of one of your own neighbors and friends.
This game has been played off here to-day. Gen-
eral Scott will of.course feel himself wounded
when he comes to know that the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Cartter] has seen proper to ridicule
all the war-worn marks upon his brow. That
gentleman's country's history will carry down his
remarks and place them alongside of Scott on
some of the nardest-fought battle-fields on this
continent. The skill of General Scott, as a mili-
tary man, at Cerro Gordo and Vera Cruz will ever
be regarded as forming one of the brightest pages
in the history of our country's glory and renown.
What is said on this floor becomes a part of our
country's history. Therefore I allow the gentle-
man from Ohio all the honor he can gather by
ridiculing on the floor of Congress the war-worn
soldier of forty years.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I do not call upon this
House to confer this rank because General Scott
was defeated. I have no sickly sympathy for that
defeat. But I know that if the people could speak
they would say give the General all the marks of
military merit, but defeat the Whig party, and
put down their principles and measures—defeat
the nominee of the Whig National Convention,
rebuke sectionalism, and restore the Government
to Democratic hands. But none will be found to
refuse him mere military reward. Sir, the people
of my section of Indiana, will with one voice, in
my judgment, pronounce the same judgment I
have in the premises. Politicians may intrigue
against military men, but, thank fortune, the people
do the voting. If President Pierce when he comes
into power, does not deem it necessary to have a
lieutenant general in command, he will surely de-
cline making the assignment to General Scott or
anybody else. But I know General Pierce well;
and I say that he will be found fully competent to
the discharge of any duty that may be imposed
upon him by the Constitution and laws of the
country; and he will discharge that duty with as
sound a judgment and clear a head as any man in
the Union.
Then the question is, will you do by Congress
what the President and Senate could not do ?
There being no higher rank than General Scott
now holds known to the present laws, the Presi-
dent and Senate could not do unto General Scott
what they did for almost every other officer of the
Army, from a lieutenant of company up to brig-
adier general. If they had possessed the power
at the close of the Mexican war, I ask, would
they not have given him, like nearly all others, a
brevet for meritorious services ? It seems to me
that none would answer no. Then, as Congress
alone possesses the power to give him this grade
for his services, will they refuse what otherwise
would have been conferred upon him freely and
without hesitation ? It certainly does not work to
