220
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 5,
the policy of augmenting- our commerce, and es-
tablishing it on such foundations and oil a scale
commensurate with the development of our national
resources. While many will object to going too
extensively into such operations all at once, all
will a?ree, I think, that what has been done, has
been well done. What is now proposed to be fur-
ther don«, is worthy of serious consideration, and
I commend it, with great respect, to the consider-
ation of the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Koads.
The motion was agreed to, and a motion to print
was referred to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. SBWARD also presented the petition of
James Perry, an engineer and machinist, praying
an appropriation to test a discovery made by him
of the means of preventing the explosion of steam-
boilers; which was referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
Also, a petition of citizens of Albany, New
York, praying that the benefits of the bounty land
law may be extended to the widows and orphans of
soldiers of the last war with Great Britain; which
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. BRIGHT. During the present session,
sundry citizens of the District of Columbia have
petitioned for the privilege of laying a railroad
along Pennsylvania avenue, and thence to a point
opposite Alexandria, in the State of Virginia.
That petition, I believe, was referred to the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia. I now present
the memorial of Gilbert Vanderwerken, of George-
town, in this District, remonstrating against the
establishment of that line; and I ask that it may
be referred to the Committee on the District of
Columbia.
It was so referred.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, presented the memorial
of James Thompson, of Louisville, Kentucky,
surviving partner of Strader & Thompson, pray-
ing indemnity for losses sustained by reason of
the violation of their contract for carrying the
mail; which was referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. SHIELDS. 1 have been requested to pre-
sent a memorial of merchants and ship-owners of
the city of Boston, and I beg leave to call the at-
tention of the members of the Committee on Com-
merce to some of the points presented in it. These j
memorialists pray for a modification of the pro-
viso of the fifth seetion of the act of March, 1799, I
which requires that imported merchandise shall 1
remai/i on board vessels for from seven to ten days 1
after the arrival of the vessels in port. They
wish to have that provision modified in such a
manner as to enable the collector to take posses-
sion of the merchandise within three days after
the arrival of the vessel. The request seems to
be a very reasonable one, particularly as foreign
steamers the moment they enter port are permitted
to land their merchandise, thus doing great com-
parative injustice to other ship-owners and mer-
chants by detaining the merchandise on board of
sailing vessels so long that the merchants some-
times lose the benefit of an early sale. I move
the reference of the memorial to the Committee on
Commerce.
It was so referred.
Mr. SHIELDS. I have also been requested
to present the memorial of D. B. Sears, of Rock
Island, Illinois. He prays that Congress will give
him a right to a tract of land in a place where he
has improved the Mississippi river by dams to a
considerable extent. The tract to which he refers
contains but a small amount of public land, and
has been improved by his labor. The Mississippi
river, in that part of it, has also been very essen-
tially improved by him. A similar grant was
made sometime ago to a Mr. Davenport. I hope
the Committee on Public Lands will see the pro-
priety of placing this individual on the same foot-
ing. I move that the memorial be referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
It was so referred,
Mr. FELCH presented the petition of D. J.
Oampau, in behalf of his father, Joseph Campau,
praying a patent for a certain tract of land; which
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. SOULE presented the petition of Jeremiah
Harpham, an invalid pensioner, praying that his
pension may commence from the time of his dis-
ability; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions. I
REPORT FROM A STANDING COMMl'ITEE.
Mr. FELCH, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to which was referred the petition of the
Sackett's Harbor and Ellisburg Railroad Com-
pany, asked to be discharged from the further
consideration thereof; which was agreed to.
CUBAN TRIPARTITE TREATV.
A message from the President of the United
States was received, by Mr. M. P. Fillmore, his
Secretary, transmitting, in answer to a resolution
of the Senate of the 3d instant, a report from the
Secretary of State in relation to the proposition
for a tripartite convention in reference to the Island
of Cuba.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I do not see the chair-
man of the Committee on Foreign Relations in his
place, and therefore I move that the report be re-
ferred to that committee, and that it be ordered to
be printed.
Mr. SOULE. The understanding was that
when the correspondence should be sent in, it
would be, on motion by the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations, ordered to be printed,
and that he would then give notice of the day
upon which he would move its reference, in order
that the general debate might take place upon the
motion to refer.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I modify the motion in
conformity to the suggestion of the Senator from
Louisiana, and move at present merely that the
report be ordered to be printed, and that it be laid
on the table.
The motion was agreed to. .
MILITARY ACADEMY BILL.
A message was received from the House of Rep-
resentatives, by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, announ-
cing that it had passed " An act making appropria-
tions for the support of the Military Academy for
the year ending the 30th of June, 1854."
The bill was read a first and second time.
Mr. SHIELDS. I move its reference to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair would suggest
to the Senator from Illinois, that as this is a gen-
eral appropriation bill, it should, according to the
usual custom, be referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. SHIELDS. I am aware that such bills
have been usually referred to the Committee on Fi-
nance, but that committee has, by some means or
other, absorbed all the business of the other com-
mittees, and it has been sometimes impossible for
them to examine points that are essentially neces-
sary to be considered in regard to these bills. This
is a military bill, and 1 think it ought to be consid-
ered by the Committee on Military Affairs. It
has been my intention, whenever the occasion
should arise, to endeavor to have the labor of the
Senate distributed, as far as could be, amongst
the various committees. At the last session, all
that was done by those committees amounted to
nothing, because the Committee on Finance finally
brought in a general bill covering everything. I
hope there will be no objection to my motion.
Mr. BRIGHT. I think it is proper to say, in
vindication of the Committee on Finance, that
they attend strictly to the business referred to
them, and that they are now entirely at leisure,
and would be glad to take up and dispose of the
measure if referred to them. This bill has hereto-
fore been sent to that committee, and I think it
properly belongs to the duties devolved upon
them.
Mr. SHIELDS. I have not made the slightest
imputation upon the Committee on Finance. I
made the motion to refer this bill to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs in order to relieve the
Finance Committee from a portion of business
that 1 think belongs more appropriately to other
committees.
I have prepared various amendments in reference
to this bill, originating from the necessities of the
Military Academy at West Point. The institu-
tion has addressed me upon the subject; so have
various persons in the Army; and if the bill be
referred to the Committee on Finance, 1 shall be
compelled to turn that matter over to them.
Mr. RUSK. It has been the universal rule of
the Senate to refer all the appropriation bills to
the Committee on Finance, and it is exceeding-
ly proper that that should be done. If this bill,
making appropriations for the support of the Mili-
tary Academy, be referred to the Committee on ;
1 Military Affairs, as-a matter of course, the Post
Office appropriation bill will be referred, when it
comes here, to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads; the Indian appropriation bill to the
Committee on Indian Affairs; the naval appropri-
ation bill to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
A Senator. Why not?
Mr. RUSK. There are various reasons why
all of them should go to the Committee on Finance.
They have the whole subject-matter of the finances
of the country before them. It has been the uni-
versal practice to refer these bills to that commit-
tee; and besides, the estimates of the various
departments are sent to them, and it is very proper
that the business of that committee should not be
divided out. It would be a strange state of things
if we were to parcel out all the appropriation bills
to the various other committees. I think it ex-
ceedingly proper that they should all go to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. SHIELDS. I am aware of the difficulty
which the honorable Senator from Texas has
suggested, and I do not know how we are to get
over it except by allowing the other committees to
act in the first instance and then refer the subjects
finally to the Committee on Finance. The Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Rnads ought to
consider first what relates to the post offices and
post roads; the Committee on Military Affairs
what relates to military affairs, and so on; and
then perhaps the propositions for appropriations
ought finally to pass under revision of the Commit-
tee on Finance. Take this bill for instance; there
are various amendments which I wish to propose
to it, aff. :n<r, some of them, the salary of the
officers of the liisdtution, which question is now
before the Committee on Military Affairs. By
referring the bill to the Committee on Finance you
divide the matter between the two committees,
rendering it inconvenient.
Mr. PEARCE. All the bills making appro-
priations for the support of Government have
always gone, and it strikes me ought always to
go, to the Committee on Finance. The custom
of that committee is, when bills of such character
as this are before them, to consult very frankly
with the committees having charge of other sub-
jects. We have generally consulted, as you, Mr.
President, are very well aware, with the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs in regard to the Indian ap-
propriation bill, and it is a very common practice
for the Committees on Indian Affairs, Military
Affairs, and Naval Affairs, to make suggestions,
by way of amendment, to the appropriation bills,
for the support of those different departments, re-
ported by the Committee on Finance. It seems
to me that unless we intend to break up the whole
practice of the Senate, and take away the entire
jurisdiction of the Committee on Finance, this bill
should be referred to that committee. However,
we shall abide by the pleasure of the Senate with
a good grace.
Mr. SHIELDS. Then I withdraw my motion.
I had no object in the world in making it, except
to accomplish what I believed to be necessary.
But if the practice be as suggested by the Senator
from Maryland, perhaps I shall obtain my object
as effectually, if the bill be referred to the Commit- '
tee on Finance, as I would if it were referred to
the Military Committee.
.The bill was referred to the Committee on Fi-
nance.
HON. DAVID MERIWETHER.
The Senate proceeded to consider the following
resolution, submitted by Mr. Rusk on the 21st of
December:
"Resolved, That the Hon. David Meriwelher, late a num-
ber of the Senate from the State of Kentucky, be paid his
mileage and per diem up to the 20th day of December, in-
clusive."
The PRESIDENT. According to the rules,
the resolution requires three separate readings. It
has had its first reading; it will now have its sec-
ond reading, if there be no objection.
The resolution was read a second time, ordered
to a third reading, and read a third time.
The PRESIDENT, 'fhe question is, "Shall
the resolution pass?"
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I think I understood
from the gentleman from Texas when he offered
that resolution, " that he had offered it without
any consultation whatever with my late colleague,
Mr. Meriwether, but had done so upon his own
motion.
