1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
221
Mr. RUSK. That is so.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I have had no conver-
sation with Mr. Meriwether in any way upon
the subject, and I rise now for the purpose of
statins, that unless I can be assured that Mr.
Meriwether authorized the application, I, for one,
cannot vote for the resolution. I do it upon the
ground that unless there is a controversy, and one
that is acknowledged, there is no precedent for
pay ment. and I tlunk we ought not to set a new pre-
cedent. I was a member of the House of Repre-
sentatives when the first precedent upon this sub-
ject was set. I voted against it, and if it w: re now
a new question, I would vote against it in every
case. The first case of the kind that ever hap-
pened, was that of Moore and Letcher, from the
State of Kentucky. I made a speech against the
allowance of pay and mileage in that case to the
contestant. Mv object was to place every contest
for a seat in Congress upon the same footing as
every other contest, to make the individual enter
upon it at his own responsibility, and risk all the
consequences. That was the practice of the House
of Representatives from the foundation of the
Government, so far as my investigation went, up
to the case of Moore and Letcher. That was de-
cided against my opinion, and against my vote. I
have ever since acouieseed in the precedent with-
" out opening my month against it. It was followed
afterwards in the Senate. I think there was no
case before that time in the Senate which se'tled
the precedent. I am not, however, perfectly cer-
tain upon that point, because I have not investiga-
ted the proceedings of the Senate as I did investi-
gate the proceedings of the other branch of Congress
at that time. I believe, however, that since that
period, the practice has been followed up in both
branches of Congress.
This resolution, it seems to me, is an enlarge-
ment upon that precedent, and one that I am not
■willing to make, unless it be avowed that there
was a controversy between Mr. Meriwether and
Mr. Dixon. If the controversy had been avowed
upon the part of Mr. Meriwether, precedents
would have justified the allowance; but there hav-
ing been no such controversy, I cannot vote for the
resolution.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, I was in hopes
that this resolution would have passed unani-
mously. No one was more clearly satisfied in his
own mind that Mr. Meriwether was not entitled
to the seat claimed here—not by him but for him
—than I was. But, at the same time, it is due to
him, it is due to truth and justice, to say that the
question raised upon that-subject was a new ques-
tion, for which there was no precedent, and that
some of the most distinguished Senators in this
body were of the opinion that Mr. Meriwether
was entitled to the seat for which the Legislature
of Kentucky had elected Mr. Dixon. I think that
we should have had greater difficulty in securing
the seat to Mr. Dixon, ifMr. Meriwether had ap-
peared here and claimed it. I am, therefore, grate-
ful to him, and to his political friends in this body,
that they relieved the question of that difficulty and
embarrassment. They met it in a spirit of gener-
osity; they met it in a spirit of magnanimity, and
the majority of this House agreeing with him,
yielded to the convictions of the minority, and
|jave the seat to Mr. Dixon. If there be nothing
in the circumstances of this case which could in-
duce any portion of the Senate to object to the
resolution, except the fact of the delicacy of Mr.
Meriwether in not appearing publicly to claim the
seat, but in standing back while Senators main-
tained it in his behalf—if there be nothing but this
to seoarate this from other cases, we should at
once pass this resolution, and give the compensa-
tion which is asked.
Mr. BADGER. I co%cur, sir, in the view
which has been taken of this subject by the hon-
orable Senator from New York. The case is
one in which, though individual Senators may
have been clear in their own minds with regard to
the particular questions which arose in reference
to this seat, there was undoubtedly a large division
among the several and respective Senators. It
must therefore be considered, at all events, as a
case which, before the decision of the Senate upon
it, was one of doubt; and it seems to me that when
that is so, the circumstance that the gentleman for
whom a seat was claimed by his friends did not
himself interpose afiy claim, but waited quietly
until the question should be adjudicated by the j
Senate, so far from furnishing a reason why this :
appropriation for his benefit should not be made,
strengthens every other reason why it should be
made by the Senate, and made promptly.
Mr. TOUCEY. Mr. President, I would sub-
mit to the honorable Senator from Kentucky that
his objection resolves itself into this: That if a
gentleman conducts himself with great delicacy,
he is not to be paid according to the usual rules of
the body; but if, on the other hand, he comes for-
ward here and presses his own claims with ardor
and perseverance, he is entitled to the compensa-
tion usually awarded. In this controversy, Mr.
Meriwether certainly conducted himself with un-
usual delicacy and reserve. I think I may say
that, as-far as I have any knowledge on the sub-
ject, he never approached an individual member of
the Senate with regard to it. I have no knowledge
of his intimating a wish on the subject toajiyone.
So far, then, from this inducing us not to make
the usual allowance to him, it should be, in my
opinion, an additional reason why we should do
so. But, sir, if I rightly understood the course of
the debate upon that subject, the question turned
upon precedents apparently in opposition to the
language of the Constitution, upon which there
was a very considerable diversity of sentiment. I
concur, therefore, with the Senator from North
Carolina, and the Senator from New York, in the
hope that this resolution may pass without any
objection from any quarter.
Mr. BRIGHT. It is due, sir, to the late Sen-
ator from Kentucky, [Mr. Meriwether,] to say that
he not only did not claim the seat now held by the
gentleman over the way, [Mr. Dixon,] but he did
not claim to contest the seat, and he does not now
claim the compensation proposed to be given to
him. He leaves the question of compensation,
as he left the question of the right to take the seat,
with the Senate. He came here at the beginning
of the session under the impression that he was
constitutionally entitled to the seat. He came
here under the advice and counsel of distinguished
lawyers in the country, and of distinguished Sen-
ators, who honestly entertained the conviction
that he was entitled to the place. The Senate have 1
ruled otherwise. He is satisfied with the decision.
He sets up no claim whatever to the compensa-
tion; and I understood the honorable Senator from
Texas, when he introduced the resolution, to say
that he offered it without the knowledge, and of
course wi'hout the consent of Mr. Meriwether.
I have said thus much merely for the purpose of
letting the Senate and the country know that he
sets up no claim whatever to the compensation.
Mr. RUSK. When I introduced this resolu- !
tion, it was without consultation either with Mr.
Meriwether or any of his friends, or with any
person who had vpted in favor of his right to a
seat here. As I stated upon a former occasion,
when his credentials were presented at the last
session, an opinion was expressed that he would
continue to be Senator from Kentucky, u til the
next meeting of the Legislature of that State. The
opinion was expressed by Senators in various
quarters, entitled to the highest respect for their
intelligence and integrity. No decision was come
to upon that question at that time, but I think
everybody understood that there would be a ques-
tion raised at the next session upon these convic-
tions of Senators, upon no claim of Mr. Meri-
wether's. W e were notified of that by the honor-
able Senator from California, [Mr. Gwin,] and
1 believe such was the general understanding.
Therefore, Mr. Meriwether came here at this ses-
sion, as I think he ought to have come. He knew
there was going to be a controversy; every one
knew it. The controversy did take place without |
any procurement of Mr. Meriwether. That fact
being known, I think it was his duty tocomehere,
because, if the decision of the Senate had been
other than what it was, he would have been Sena-
tor; and if he had been absent, he would, to some
extent, have neglected a duty imposed upon him
by his commission. I
So far as I have seen anything of Mr. Meri-
wether—and previous to that time we were on ;
terms of personal friendshipand intimacy—he has j
acted very delicately. I have seen him but very j
little during the time. He retired from the Senate
Chamber, and he did not talk with members gen-
erally. I think I did not see him more than
half a dozen times, and then at a distance, during
the pendency of the controversy. I think his
coming here was under a sense of duty; that his
conduct here was commendable; and that under
such circumstances, he is entitled justly and fairly
to the compensation.
Previous to the introduction of this resolution, I
had no consultation on the subject with him or any
of his friends. 1 have had none since, except this
morning in the Chamber. It will be remembered
that when I presented the resolution, its considera-
tion was objected to by the honorable Senator from
Indiana, [Mr. Bright,] and the honorable Sena-
tor from California, [Mr. Gwin.] The only con-
sultation which I have had upon the subject has
been with those Senators this morning, in order
to ask them what course they intended to pursue,
because I was anxious to call up the resolution,
and did not want to have it lie over any longer.
Mr. MANGUM. I hope the resolution will
pass. I, sir, had perhaps as clear an opinion upon
this question as any gentleman in the Senate, yet
I found other gentlemen, quite as intelligent, some
more intelligent than myself, entertaining an opin-
ion directly contrary to mine; and I must say
that, very much to my astonishment, one of the
most intelligent Whigs in the southern country,
who was here during the pendency of the contro-
versy, expressed to me privately the opinion that
he thought it as clear a case as ever was presented
in favor of the gentleman who lost the seat. To
be sure, I was surprised at the expression of such
an opinion. But I look upon it that, in all these
cases, where there is any real contest, any essen-
tial difference of opinion, the Senate ought to pur-
sue the course that has been hitherto usual; and I
trust, therefore, the resolution to pay this gentle-
man will be passed with great unanimity. I shall
vote for it.
The resolution was passed.
MEXICAN BOUNDARY COMMISSION.
Mr. WELLER. I ask the Senate to take up
and consider the resolution submitted by me yes-
terday. I have modified it so as to remove all ob-
jection.
The motion was agreed to, and the resolution
j was adopted after being modified so as to read:
I Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to inform the Senate whether the boundary tine be-
tween the United States and Mexico has heen fully runout
and established, and if not, whether the Commission has
expired for tiie want of a Commissioner and Surveyor on
the part of this Government.
EFFICIENCY OF THE ARMY AND NAVY,
i On motion by Mr. SHIELDS, the Senate, as in
j Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
bill " to increase the efficiency of the Army by a
retired list for disabled officers."
Mr. SHIELDS. Mr. President, it was con-
sidered by those who originated this bill—I had
not that honor—that it was one of very great im-
portance to the Army, and also to the Navy. It
has passed the Senate heretofore and failed in the
House for want of time. My desire now is, that
it should be passed as early as possible, in the hope
that it will pass the House this session. I offer
the following amendment as a substitute for the
whole bill:
Strike out all after the enacting clause and insert:
That if any commissioned officer of the Army, Navy, or
of the Marine Corps, shall have become incapable of per-
forming the duties of his office by reason of age, wounds, or
difease incurred in the service of the United States, he
shall be placed upon a retired list, and retired from the ser-
vice, with the pay proper of his rank, and with the service
ration to which he is entitled at the time, but without any
other allowance to which he might be entitled if he con-
tinued in the service, either ill the line or staff; and the
officer next in the line of promotion, who is physically effi-
cient. shall he promoted to the place of the retired officer,
with the rations and emoluments appertaining thereto, but
shall continue to receive the pay proper of the grade from
which lie was promoted, until an actual vacancy shall hap-
pen, to which he may succeed, according to the heretofore
esiablished laws of the service ; and the same rule of pro-
motion, pay, and allowances shall be applied successively to
the vacancies and promotions consequent upon the retire-
ment of an officer as herein provided.
Sfc. 2. Jin d be it further en netcd, That to carry out the
provisions of this act, any officer of the Army, Navy, or
Marine Corps, who may have been incapacitated as herein
recited, and who shall voluntarily apply to be retired from
active service; or, on being ordered to perform the duties
appropriate to his commission, shall reporthimselfunable to
comply with such order; or when any officer, in the judgment
of the President, shall have become in any way incapacitated
for the performance of the duties of his office, the President
of the United States, at his discretion, shall direct the Sec
retary of War, in case of the Army, and the Secretary of
the .Vavy, in case of the Navy or Marine Corps, to refer the
case of such officer, if an officer of the Army, to an army
board, and if an officer of the Navy, to a navy board, to lie
composed of not less than three, nor more than seven com-
