222
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 5,
missioned officers, to be detailed from 111ost' of superior rank
to him who eca«eis under con-id> ration, as fai a- hi- grade
and the mtere-t of the *-er\ice will permit; and the said
board shall determine upon the case referred to them, and (
tlieir opinion thereon, with the record of the proceedings,
shall be transmitted to the Secretary of War, or Secretary 1
of the Yaw, as tile case may be, to be laid before the Pres-
ident of the rutted States for his approval or disapproval;
and if in the judgment of the board the officer be considered
incapacitated for active service, and the President approve
such judgment, >aid officer shall thereupon be placed upon
tin1 li-t ot retired officers according to the previous section
of this act.
Sec. 3. jind belt further enactcd, That the President, in
bis discretion, may direct any officer, who shall have served
forty} ears in the military or naval service of thy United
States, to be placed on the list of retired officers as afore-
said.
The amendment was agreed to, and the bill was
reported to the Senate as amended.
Mr. HALE. 1 .hope this bill will not be forced
upon its passage to-day. Aly recollection does !
not agree with that of the honorable Senator from j
Illinois. 1 do not think we have ever passed such |
a bill since I have been a member of the Senate. '
I will not say that we have not; but-my recollec-
tion is that we have not. I have watched the
progress of this bill, and I will state the case which
has" particularly led me to direct my attention to
it. There is a friend of mine in the Navy who I
think will be seriously afflicted by it.
Mr. SHIELDS. In the Army? ;
Mr. HALE. No, sir; in the Navy. He is a
young man who lost his sight entirely by gallant
and meritorious conduct, I think on the Island of
Cuba, in relieving some British sailors. His con-
duct was so meritorious that I have been informed
—though I have not seen the statement of it in the
report of the proceedings of the House of Com- '
nions—it was alluded to in the House of Com-
mons of Great Britain, as a highly-meritorious
act, which would entitle him to some mark of ap-
probation from the Government of Great Britain; '
but it was suggested that such a mark would more
properly come from his own Government, and the
thing was postponed. He was a young man, I
think, about twenty or twenty-five, when he per-
formed that act; but from that day to this, he has
been incurably blind, and he is now, I think, less
than forty years of age. I should be unwilling,
exceedingly unwilling, in furnishinga retired list—
notwithstanding one of the members of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs thinks I am always op-
posed to the Navy, but I believe I am the only
consistent friend it has on this floor—t® see a
young officer of the Navy, who incurred such a
dreadful calamity as that in rendering a highly-
meritorious service, packed away like a sick and
lame horse that could not be used any longer. I
should be sorry to see that.
There is another case, in the Army, which is
familiar, I think, to every member of the Senate.
I refer to the case of Major Searle, which I think
has been before us. You, sir, know what his
situation was. He was rendered entirely help-
less by a ball received in his spine in the Florida
campaign; and I think on one occasion an at-
tempt was made by the administration of the War
Department to overslaugh him on that account,
which did not meet the approbation of the Senate.
In making any retired list for the Army or the
Navy, with which I do not want to interfere, for
war is not my vocation, I do hope and pray that
cases like those to which I have referred may re-
ceive the consideration of the committee, and may
not be subjected to what it seems to me, upon
hearing the bill read, they will be subjected if it
should pass. Now, if some such cases as these
could be taken care of—and I have no objection,
if you pass the bill, to retire the whole of them—
I would not find fault. But I do pray that cases
of this sort may not be thus summarily disposed
of, by hastily acting on this amendment. If the
bill as amended in Committee of the Whole
should now be postponed, and ordered to be
printed, and taken up at some future day, and
such cases as I have spoken of can be taken care
of, I shall interpose no objection to it; but I do
pray that those who are suffering the severest
evils that can afflict humanity—evils which they
have suffered in consequence of their gallantry and
noble bearing—may not be subjected to the danger
of being placed in a worse situation than those
that have avoided like difficulties by avoiding like
perils. That is all I have to say.
Mr. TOUCEY. I wish to say a single word
upon the general subject. I look upon a measure
of this kind, as really a measure of reform; be-
cause I think that leaving disabled men, who have
become so by reason of age or infirmity in the
Army or the Navy upon full pay, is an evil which
in some mode should be remedied. I know of no
better remedy, according to the system whioh
now exists, and according to existing laws, than
to allow that class of officers to withdraw from
active service upon half pay. That, I understand
to be the proposition of the Senator from Illinois.
I look upon it, therefore, as substantially a measure
of reform. It may be misrepresented, it may be
perverted, but it is essentially in itself a system of
reform, by which you will allow those who have
spent their best days in the service of the country,
instead of being cast off, to maintain their rank
and position, and to dispense with one half their
pay. It is in that view that I shall give my cordial
support to this measure. The particular details
of the bill have not come under my observation,
but I desired to say so much upon the general sub-
ject.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I rise to make an in-
quiry of the chairman of the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs with regard to the operation of this
bill. There are some officers who have lost a leg
or an arm; some may be laboring under one dis-
ability and some under another, and some officers
thus situated are now in the Army performing ac-
tive duty so far as they are able to do it. I want
to ascertain from the chairman, whether this bill
will have the effect to exclude officers thus situa-
ted from the service against their own will, and to
put others over their heads? For instance, I will
give you the case of Colonel Loring, who has lost
an arm. With one arm, he can be an efficient
field officer, and perhaps perform all the duties
which would devolve upon him if promoted to the
rank of general, although disabled in one arm. I
should consider it a great misfortune to Colonel
Loring, who has been thus honorably disabled in
the service to be precluded from all hope of future
promotion, and to be compelled to retire upon the
pay of a retired officer; thus cutting off all pros-
pect of further advancement in consequence of
previous wounds. There are cases also—and I
have a friend whose case induces me to make the
remark—of captains and inferior commissioned
officers, who are disabled in part, and who, not-
withstanding their disability, might perform the
duties of a major if promoted to that rank, or that
of any field officer. They might be able to per-
form duty on horseback, which their disabilities
would prevent them from performing on foot. If
such men are obliged by this bill to go upon the
retired list, and have all prospect of future pro-
motion cut off, it will be a death-blow to them,
and they would almost prefer to sacrifice life rather
than be placed in such a situation; for all the hope
of elevating themselves abovetlfe position in which
they now are would be taken away. What I de-
sire is, that my honorable friend shall explain, if
he pleases, the operation of his bill in such cases
as 1 have referred to.
Mr. SHIELDS. The honorable Senator from |
Connecticut has characterized this bill properly.
It is essentially a measure of reform. 1 meant to j
have said, when I asked to have the bill taken up,
that I did not desire to say anything upon its mer-
its, because I did not believe the bill would pro-
voke any discus.-ion; but I may now be permitted
to say that unless some such bill is passf d, neither
the Army nor the Navy can render efficient, active
service. There are several other bills to follow
this, of which this is the foundation, and without
which we can render none of those which are to
follow it, effective. It provides fir sit, that officers
who have become wholly disabled, so that they \
cannot perform the duties of their station on ac-
count of wounds received in service, or on account
of age, or disease, shall be retired under certain
circumstances, when they ask and request to be j
so retired. That is one case; and no injustice can ,
be done to a man who asks and requests it. The
second case is, when they are called to perform a
duty appertaining to their office, and they are in- ;
competent, and declare themselves to be so, onac- i
count of wounds, age, or disease. The third case
is that which provides that the President of the ,
United States may adjudge certain officers incom-
petent, when he considers them to be so on ac-
count of any of the causes which I have named;
but in these cases, he is to submit the matter to a
board of officers, consisting of not less than three i
nor more than seven members. These are the
three principal points; so that the cases referred to
by the honorable Senator from New Hampshire
will not be affected by this bill, unless the officers
themselves wish to retire, or unless they declare
i themselves unable to perform any duty appertain-
ing to their office; and then it will be the duty of
the President to submit that matter to the board
provided. The cases referred to by the honorable
Senator from Kentucky will not be touched by the
bill at all. These gentlemen are in the service. I
know them all, I believe. They are active and
efficient officers, and although they have suffered
from wounds, still they are excellent officers, and
discharge their duty.
This bill passed the Senate two years ago. It
was brought in here by my predecessor on the
Military Committee, [Mr. Davis, of Mississippi,]
and was lost in the House for want of time.
I have felt it my duty to bring it in at this time,
and I have added the provisions respecting the
Navy, at the request of various officers of the
Navy, that the Army and Navy may be put upon
the same footing. I think that is a correct prin-
ciple. I will add that, as the Army and Navy are
now constituted, from the number of officers super-
annuated and totally disabled, so that they can
perform no portion of duty, you can never make
either of those arms of the public service very effi-
cient. Something of the kind proposed by this
bill exists in almost every other army in the world.
In fact, this is a bill providing the means of sub-
sistence for these poor disabled officers during life,
instead of doing as we may otherwise be com-
Felled to do finally—turn them out of the service,
t provides a refuge, a support for those men who
have been irrecoverably and irremediably injured
in the service, and who are no longer able to per-
form any service. I think no man can object to a
bill of that kind.
Mr. CASS. I believe, for my own part, that
this is one of the best bills that we have had be-
fore us connected with the Army and Navy. It
has been before us for three or four years, and I
suppose I express the feelings of the officers them-
selves, when I say that they are altogether in favor
of it. It may, perhaps—I do not see how—but it
well may, as is always the case more or less, work
some personal injustice. But I do not see how it
can. -
Mr. SHIELDS. It is impossible that it should,
unless through the act of the President.
Mr. CASS. I have not examined the bill lately,
but according to my recollection of it, there must
be a board to decide with regard to the disability.
You can leave the officers in no safer hands than
their own. The President cannot put a man in
that condition. The disability must first be in-
quired into by a board of officers—officers with the
same interests and same feelings as those brought
before them as being disabled. There is no mili-
tary service in any country which has not some
such law in relation to it; and the Senator from
1 Illinois has well said that if you do not pass such
a. bill, you will have your Army, in the course of
time, filled with superannuated men utterly incom-
petent to do business. In other countries, the pro-
vision is called half pay for life; disabled officers
are retired on half pay for life. Here is an officer
utterly incompetent to do the duties of his office;
the Government is willing to give him about half
of what he received for full services; but it cannot
do it; he stands in the way of one man, and in the
way of another; and thus it goes on, officers below
him performing duties which the law does not re-
quire them to do, on account of his incapacity. It
is his misfortune—a misfortune incident, perhaps,
to his line of life—but the service of the country
must not suffer by it; and nothing will save the
Army and Navy but sifch a hill. The service will
not tolerate such cases; and in the event of a war,
it will be found, unless some such bill is passed,
necessary for the President and Senate to over-
slaugh _them. I do not see how it can be pre-
vented. You cannot send men round the country
performing the duties of others who receive full
pay. It is better to let them retire, as the bill
proposes. In this, I think, I speak the uniform
opinion of the Army. It was drawn up by a gen-
tleman who was one of the best officers in the
Army, and one of the most able Senators; and
1 recollect, on reading it, I was perfectly satisfied
with it. I hope it will pass without opposition.
Mr. HALE. My desire to have the consider-
