THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
32p Cosgress, Od Session.
THURSDAY, JANUARY 6, 1853.
New Series No. 15.
fire ot" youth is gone; they have not the same thing
to excite them to exertion as younger men who are
in the meridian of life, an l who by the present sys-
tem are kept entire'y without employment such as
their talents demani), until they, in like manner,
are borne down with years.
Sir, I hold that this Government has nothing to
do with commiseration or pity in this matter of
reorganizing the Navy. We are bound to do jus-
tice to the country as well as to the officers. I
hold that the nation is entitled to the services, and
the best services, of its best men in its employ;
and 1 say. that in the establishment of any sys-
tem which precludes the employment of the best
men in any branch of the service is radically
wrong, and it ought to be changed; I care not by
what process it comes. No appeal can be madTe
to my sympathies or feelings. I am willing to
pay money to these officers, if that is all that is
required; but I am not willing that they should be
in the way of others, and thus to balance the ac-
count with their country by doing as much harm
as good. The Executive has, as I have before
observed, the power to correct most of the evils
complained of; but he will not do it if the present
system is continued. 1 shall take some proper
occasion to recommend an entirely new organi-
zation of the Navy Denartment. You generally
have a Secretary of the !"savy who knows nothing
in the world about naval matters. He is brought
here from his profession, and has to depend upon
others for all the information he gets, and those
others in nowise responsible for their advice.
His word is the law. If a squadron is to befitted
out, he, under the direction of the President, or-
ders the ships and their officers without knowing
anything about them.
Sir, this one-man power will not do in such an
establishment. I think that there is no living man
that has the intellectual or physical power to per-
. form the duties of the Navy Department as they
ought to be performed in justice to the country.
Mr. President, I look to the Nary as the bulwark
of our honor if not safety; and 1 tell you, sir,
that all your famous schemes in reference to Cuba
will vanish like mist before the wind, and gentle-
men.will regret the warlike speeches which they
have made, if you do not look to your Navy in
time. Look at the threatening aspect of France
and England. It has amazed me that we are so
indifferent about the only means you have to de-
fend your honor. Suppose Europe should com-
bine against you, as they would have done long
ago, if there Had been a monarch there worth the
gold in his crown. Evervoneof your ports would
have been blockaded. They would have forbid-
den you to go on the ocean. They would have
declared that, as you had assumed this continent
to beyourown, you should leave the ocean to them.
In such a case, ho w would you have fared twenty-
five years ago : It is vei y easy to bully and
boast: but I know the effect of a thirty-two-pound
shot at sea at any rate, and I know that a man's
heart cannot save his head, in such a case. Let
me assure Senators, while I am discoursing upon
this subject, that I am speaking to the most im-
portant subject that can now occupy the attention
of American statesmen.
Mr. President, I repeat that the Secretary of the
Navy should have responsible advisers, and that
mall the details he should have his vote,and that is
all. He is a Cabinet Minister. The President has
the power of appointing him. I would have it so—
he may know all about those duties. But I would
have him instructed in all those branches in which
lie is deficient—not by casual itinerant teachers,
but by known responsible instructors. Sir, I would
have a board established. I would have that board
composed of the heads of all the bureaus. I would
have them meet at a given hour every day. I
would have the Secretary of the Navy ex officio
President of the board; and the modus operandi
would be this: When the President and Congress
wanted a fleet to go to the West Indies, or to the
East Indies, or anywhere else, the order would be
presented to the board, the ships and the officers j
would be selected by them, and so, through the
15
instrumentality of this board, the Government and
people would nave the benefit, as they ought to
nave, of the beat experience and the best knowl-
edge in the Navy, upon every given question. As
it now stands, you have several irresponsible
bureaus. The officer at the head of the Ordnance
Bureau may know more about construction, yet
he has nothing to say about it; he is to took to the
guns and to nothing else The officer who has
charge of the construction may know more about
ordnance, yet he has nothing to say about the
ordnance. Now, I say that the whole power of
these bureaus should be brought to bear upon
every question, not only in regard to the construc-
tion of ships, but the appointment of officers. In
my judgment, sir, there would be less probability
of injustice being done by this process, than in
any other; especially, you would have some re-
sponsible men to look to. Who is responsible now
in the Navy? Who is responsible for the present
condition of the Navy? Who is responsible for
the building or repairing of the vessels? I must
say one word only about that matter. I ask who
is responsible for the failure of the Princeton ?
They took the name of the most effective and use-
ful ship-of-war that ever floated in our waters, the
most formidable man-of-war that was ever put on
commission in this country, a ship that could have
defied the whole American navy, and gave it to
this abortion, of which we have heard so much of
late. They disregarded her model, her construc-
tion, and her engine, and from being the first ship
in the country, she is now the scorn of all seamen
and all engineers.
And again, I ask, who is responsible? You
may go on and reform the officers. But while the
Secretary of the Navy is allowed to remain with
his present honors and powers, and in perpetual
ignorance, the reform of the officers will not
amount to much. Sir, I want to reform the Sec-
retary. I do not allude particularly to the present
Secretary. But that will be done before long. Then
. if he cannot, or will not, reform the Navy, I hope
; Congress will take it in hand in good earnest; but,
1 sir, once more I say that it seems to me there is
, no responsibility anywhere in the Navy. The
i other day they built a dock in Philadelphia, and
incurred the expense of fitting a ship in New York,
or some other eastern port, to be taken to Phila-
delphia, and put in the dock. When she arrived
there, it was found, not before, but after her ar-
rival, that there was not water enough to permit
her to be taken upon the dock. Yet, sir, as far as
I have been informed, nobody is responsible; and
so, after this manner, has the Navy of the country
been disgraced time after time, and year after year.
Mr. President, my object, as one of the Naval
Committee, has been and is to endeavor to perfect
the whole naval system by beginning at the head,
and making everybody responsible that can be
made responsible, and to insure, as far as possi-
ble, to the people of the United States the benefit
of all the experience and knowledge that may be
in the Navy. And now, sir, I ask my friend, the
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs,
whether he will not trust the Committee on Naval
Affairs with this matter, and strike out of his bill
that portion of it which relates to the Navy and
Marine Corps ?
Mr. SHIELDS. I wish to assure my honor-
able and gallant friend, the Senator from New
Jersey, that we do not want to interfere in any way
with the prerogatives of the Naval Committee. <
But on former occasions some difficulties arose in
the Senate because the Military Committee brought
in one bill and the Naval Committee brought in
another, and hence the Military Committee
thought it would be better that we should a|ree
on one bill and apply it to both services. We ,
drew up the bill precisely in pursuance of that
understanding. We drafted it in accordance with
the bills that have been heretofore reported; but
if the honorable Senator wishes to have charge of
the subject, and is not satisfied with this bill, I
am, for one, heartily willing that he should take ;
the whole subject into his own charge.
When the honorable Senator rose he said he
| did not mean to discuss this bill, and I think he
has kept his word; I do not believe he has dis-
cussed the measure before the Senate, although
he has discussed the merits and condition of the
Navy to my delight and satisfaction. But, Mr.
President, there is one thing in which I cannot
follow the honorable Senator, and that is in draw-
ing a contrast between the Navy and the Army.
That honorable and distinguished Senator says
that the Navy has done a great deal more than the
Army. Now I believe that both have done their
duty tolerably well, and I am satisfied they will
do their duty again, although the honorable Sen-
ator says that the Navy is not worth anything
now. I am inclined to believe that perhaps it has
: suffered very much since his retirement from the
service. His retirement must be partly the reason
I for its decline.
1 agree with him in reference to the necessity of
a reformation of the Navy; and nothing would
give me more satisfaction than to see my honorable
friend in a position which would enable him to re-
form it, root and branch. But, so far as this bill
is concerned, it does not aim at any such thing. It
does not go into the radical reformation of the
Navy. It does not contemplate the establishment
of an Admiralty Board, and when that proposition
comes up I shall have something to say about it.
The boards which we have hitherto established in
reference to claims, or lands, or for any other pur-
pose, have almost all been failures, and I have my
doubts whether this Board of Admiralty would
not be the biggest and greatest failure of the whole.
That is my opinion upon the subject; but that
question is not now before the Senate; when it
does come up, I, for one, shall be ready to discuss
it.
Although I cannot follow the honorable Senator
throughout his speech, there is one thing I can
say: that, so far as this bill goes,—and I speak in
relation to the Army,—I think it will be an effi-
cient and a beneficial bill. If the honorable Sena-
tor takes upon himself the responsibility, in the
name of the Navy, to move to strike out all that
! pertains to the .Navy, he. may do so; I will pro-
I ceed in relation to the Army, and let him remain
: responsible to the Navy for striking it out. I
; shall not make any such motion. The provision
is there, and there it will stand, unless he moves
to strike it out.
I must say that the speech of the honorable Sen-
ator was not very logical in some respects. He
says that the President has power to do the very
thing contemplated by this bill without its passage,
and yet he says it would be oppressive. That is
not very logical. If the President can do what is
contemplated by this bill without its passage, the
worst it can do will be nothing; for it will amount
to nothing according tq that view of the subject.
It is true the President can turn any officer out of
the Army or Navy: but if he were to turn one of
them out—if he weie to turn out one of those gal-
lant and distinguished officers whose names the
gentleman has mentioned, in what condition Vould
they be left? Without support—without pay.
The President may turn them out in their old age
when they are broken down with service and with
sickness, and throw them upon the charities of the
world. But this bill provides for the support of
those officers who may be removed.
However, sir, 1 am not disposed to continue the
discussion any further to-day. 1 have moved that
the bill be postponed for the purpose of having it
printed, and when it comes up again we can dis-
pose of it more advisedly.
Mr. STOCKTON. I do not intend to assume
any responsibility upon myself as speaking for
, the Navy, but such as belongs to iny position. I
; am here as a Senator, and 1 speak on my re-
sponsibility as a Senator, and as such I shall
move to strike out from this hill its provisions in
i relation to the Navy and the Marine Corps. I
i presume to speak for no body of men and for no
i individual but myself.
j The Senator adverted to my remark that the
' President had this power now; yet he complains
! of its severity, and says that the President has
