1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
229
lie Buildirgs, of which my colleague [Mr. James]
is chairman, it will receive no delay, but that com-
mittee will inquire into it, and into all the circum-
stances relating to it, and therefore it was that I
made the notion. It'it be the pleasure of the Sen-
ate to refer it to that committee, I, for one, will
give it as speedy a return to the Senate Chamber
as possible, and with all the information I can get
upon the ; nbject. If the Senate are not better ad-
vised upon the subject of this bill than I am, they
certainly  :o not know what are the claims of these
men to arv allowance, for I do not. This is a
gratuity w inch they may either deserve or not de-
serve; 'thai depends upon the circumstances, with
which I am not acquainted. The bill, in my opin-
ion, ought be referred to a committee, in order
that that omimittef may be enabled to ascertain
the circumstances upon which the claim is founded
and report the facts to the Senate, and then the
Senate can act advisedly upon the subject.
Mr. BORLAND. A proposition making pro-
vision for these working men has already been
twice passed by the Senate. I think the matter
was very fully considered during the last session.
I know that myself and several other Senators
made various etlorts to accomplish it, and we suc-
ceeded in getting a proposition of this sort upon
two different bills, but i: failed to pass the House.
I suppose it has been as fuliv and thoroughly con-
sidered by the Senate as it is likely to be at this
session. The only objection which I have to the
bill is, that it does not go far enough in relieving
these poor, suffering men. I think they have been
badly treated. I think Congress is in duty bound
to provide something for them. We seem to pro-
vide liberally for everybody else. These persons
are working men. The overseers and superin-
tendents lost nothing by the discontinuance of the
work. They suffered no inconvenience, received
iheir regular pay; but these individuals who had
to depend on their daily labor to get bread and
meat to feed their wives and children were suffer-
ing, while the overseers and superintendents were
getting their thousands a year, livingm comfort and ,
abundance, and had their salaries regularly con-
tinued without regard to the labor they performed.
These individuals who had come here under the
persuasions of the agents of the Government were
thrown out of employment at an inclement season
of the year, and were left utterly destirute of the
means of support. In some cases, even their very !
beds were taken from under their wives and chil-
dren, and sold in order to procure something for 1
them to eat. These are facts which came under ;
my own knowledge.
I tired the Senate at the last session with exer-
tions to get a larger allowance than this. It is a
very small compensation to give thirty days'wages i
to those who were thrown out of employment, and
kept in that condition for three or four months
If there was ever any claim before Congress which
demanded immediate action it is this.
Mr. CLARKE. I certainly do not mean to in-
terpose any very serious objection to this bill.
Several Se.vators. Withdraw your motion.
Mr. CLARKE. At the request of various
friends I withdraw the motion, but I still think it
would be better to refer the bill.
Mr. BROOKE. When this question was up
for consideration at the last session, the Senator
from Kentucky exhibited the advertisement under
which these men were brought here. It specified
the day when their labors were to terminate. The
Government certainly fulfilled its contract by pay-
ing them up to the day specified in the advertise-
ment. Now, unless some satisfactory explanation
be given, I cannot vote for paying them beyond
that time. They were not taken by surprise.
The Government ha3 not been in default at all, as
I understand, and I should like to hear some rea-
son given why these men should be paid beyond
the time specified in the advertisement, and of
which they had due notice.
Mr. BRODHEAD. They were out of employ-
ment for three months.
Mr. BROOKE. I do not care if they were out
of employment for six months, for that does not
at all affect the question. The day specified in the
advertisement, up to which they could get work,
was the 30th of .November. They were brought
here to work until that time, and they continued
to work until that time, and were paid for it. It
was no fault of the Government that they were
thrown out of employment. Therefore I can per-
ceive no reason why they should receive any extra
PS?ir. UNDERWOOD. 1 read all the papers
furnished by the superintendent of these buildings.
I read the advertisement showing that these men
were invited to come here and serve till a particu-
lar day. They were employed and paid up to the
day mentioned in the advertisement, which, ac-
cording to my recollection, was the 30th of No-
vember, when, by the very terms of their employ-
ment and the advertisement, they were to be dis-
charged; and I can, therefore, see no ground for
any claim for extra compensation.
Mr. WALKER. Mr. President, the memory
of Senators must be very short indeed if they do
not remember what will entirely contradict the in-
ferences which gentlemen are drawing from the
truthful statements—for we know them to be true
—made by the Senator from Kentucky. Do we
not know, sir, that an appropriation of $500,000
was asked for a year ago towards the continua-
tion of the extension of the Capitol? And when
that proposition was pending, the superintend-
ents of this work were daily and hourly about
the Capitol, saying to us that these poor men were
here without employment for want of an appro-
priation. Do we not remember that our galleries
were filled with these same poor men, ranged here
so as to influence our action upon the subject ?
Can gentlemen have forgotten it? Is not the in-
ference irresistible that they were here, under the
circumstances, controlled, and almost command-
ed, by the superintendents, to induce us to make
an appropriation : Would they have been here if
they had had employment, or if there had been
any money to pay them 3 And shall we now be
told that because the time for which they were to
work, us specified in the advertisement, expired
on the 30th of November, they are to have noth-
ing for the time they were kept here destitute of
anything to pay their expenses? I hope and trust
such a statement will not influence the Senate.
Mr. BRIGHT. If I believed that the money
proposed to be appropriated under this bill would
go into the hands of the workmen "themselves, I
might vote for it. I do not know whether or not •
my information is correct, but from what I have
heard I have my doubts as to whether these claims
have not been purchased by persons anticipating
an appropriation by Congress. I hope that such
is not the fact. But it is the precedent mainly that
I object to in this case. I am afraid that there
are other classes of claimants who may come and
lay claims to our bounty.
Gentlemen put this claim upon the ground
that these individuals were invited here by our
agents and that we are bound by their acts. Why,
there is not a public employee in any of the pub-
lic departments who may not say the same thing.
They have all been invited to this city, and it is
very apparent that in a short time a great many
of them will be invited to leave; and we might,
with the same propriety, be asked by all such, to
make an appropriation for their relief. These
changes in private and public affairs, are incidental
to the business of life. It is impossible to provide
against many of the hardships and inconveniences
daily occurring, by any system of legislation the
ingenuity of man can invent.
Now I do not wish to be considered as opposing
these particular claims; it is against the principle
contended for by the honorable Senators from
Pennsylvania and Arkansas that I speak. I con-
tend that the Government, like an individual, has
a right to dismiss from her service those she em-
ploys by the day at any time the public interest
will be promoted by so doing, and whei e she thus
acts, I am unwilling by my vote, to require her
to pay damages for so doing.
Mr. BORLAND. I have but a word to say in
reply to my friend from Indiana. I agree with
him that, according to the hard letter of the law,
these men have no claim upon us; they cannot
sue us in a court of justice; they cannot force us.
to pay this money. The claim is presented sim-
ply upon the ground that it is an equitable one—
one that appeals to that sense of equity which we
are all supposed to have; and I may add, to our
sense of generosity; for I confess that I do some-
times in legislation take a little counsel of my
heart as well as of my head.
Mr. BRADBURY. The Government adver-
tised for workmen, and I understand that a larger
number than were needed applied for work. Those 1
who were employed continued in public employ-
ment up to the time to which the advertisement
specified they were to be engaged. Those who
were unable to procure employment were here
without any benefit to themselves: they were
brought here just as much as those who were em-
ployed. They were in some manner induced to
come on the taith of the advertisement that men
would be wanted; and I understand that some of
them continued to seek employment when the
work was resumed in the spring, but a preference
was given to those who had received the first en-
gagement. Now, sir, I think that the real suffer-
ers, those who were the most unfortunate, were
those who totally failed to get employment, for it
is well known that the Government pays quite as
high for the same service as private individuals
do. It appears to me that if there is any class
that deserve sympathy it is those who failed to
get employment at all.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. UNDERWOOD called for the yeas and
nays, on ordering it to be engrossed for a third
reading.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and being
taken, resulted:
YEAS—Messrs. Borland. Brodhead, Catheart, Chase,
Hodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Houston, Jones of
Iowa,Mangum, Rusk, Seward, Sumner, Wade, and Walk-
er—14. ^
NAYS—Mes'rs.™ dams, Atchison, Bradbury, Bright,
Brooke, Charlton, Clarke, Davis, Downs, Fish, Geyer,
Norris, Pearce, Sebastian, Spruance, Toucey, and Under-
wood—17.
The PRESIDENT. There is not a quorum
voting.
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, January 5, 1853.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Rev. C. M. Butler.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
STEAMERS ON THE WESTERN WATERS.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. I ask the
unanimous consent of the House to take up a
joint resolution from the Senate, which now lies
upon the Speaker's table, the object of which is to
enable the inspectors on the western waters to
carry into effect the law passed during the last
session of Congress, providing for the fitting up
of steam and other vessels to give security to pas-
sengers. The joint resolution is simply a propo-
sition, which the Senate have passed, for the pur-
fose of giving the desired construction to that law.
now move to take up that resolution.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I hope that the
House will proceed with the regular order of busi-
ness.
Mr. LETCHER. I object to taking up the
resolution.
[Cries of " Oh, no !"]
Mr. SEYMOUR. I have no doubt if the gen-
tleman from Virginia understood the nature of the
resolution, he would withdraw his objection.
A law passed at the last session of Congress,
and went into effect upon the western waters on
the 1st of January, providing that every boat shall
be fitted up with certain apparatus. The owners
of these boats have done their best to obtain the
necessary apparatus, but some of them have not
been able to obtain it. The inspectors now sim-
ply ask the power of extending the time ninety
days for carrying the provision into effect. Under
the present arrangement, every boat which is not
furnished with the requisite apparatus is liable to
be seized. I hope the gentleman will withdraw
his objection.
Mr. PRESTON. I will state, in corroboration
of the request the gentleman from New York has
made to the gentleman from Virginia to withdraw
his objection—for I know nothing of the resolution
myself—that I this morning received a telegraphic
dispatch from the principal oflicer of the United
States at Louisville asking me, as the Represent-
ative of that Congressional district, to aidvocate
strongly, in the House, some proposition to ex-
tend the time granted to the owners of boats to fit
them lip, according to the act of the last session.
I understand the resolution which has passed the
Senate makes thit provision: and I therefore hope
the gentleman tuiii Virginia will withdraw his
objection, and allow the resolution to be taken up
