230
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan 5,
and passed. We are doing-nothing at the present
time, and it will require only a few m nutes to
dispose of the resolution.
Mr. CLEMENS. ( appeal to my colUague to
withdraw his objection.
Mr. LETCHER. I will withdraw it.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Is there a quorum
present?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks there is,
but is not certain. That fact, however, can be
ascertained by a vote.
The resolution was then taken up and read a
first and second time by its title, as follows:
" A resolution authorizing, in certain case*, the owners of
•trainers further time to make the necessary preparations
to bring their vessels within the provisions of the act enti
tied An act to amend An act entitled ' An act to provide
for Uie better security of passengers on board of vessels
propelled in whole or in part by steam, and for other pur-
poses,' approved August 30,1853."
The resolution was then read through by the
Clerk.
Mr. SEYMOUR. I desire to propose an amend-
ment to that resolution, which was agreed to by
the Committee on Commerce, in the Senate, and
which they intended to have inserted in the reso-
lution, limiting the time to ninety days from the
1st of January, 1853. I move to insert in the first
section, after the words "ninety days," the words
" after the first day of January, 18o3."
The resolution was then ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time, and havin^een engrossed,
it was read the third time.
The question now being, " Shall the resolution
passit was put, and, upon a division, 89 rose in
the affirmative.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of Connecticut, demanded tell-
ers; which were ordered; and Messrs. Jones, of
Tennessee, and Gaylord were appointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 102, noes 15—the Speaker voting in
the affirmative to make a quorum.
So the resolution was passed.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. I move that
the vote just taken, by which the resolution was
passed, be reconsidered, and that the motion to re-
consider do lie upon the table. j
The question was put, and the latter motion
agreed to. '
The SPEAKER. Reports are in order from j
the Committee on Elections.
Mr. LOCKHART. I hold in my hand a peti-
tion from the Territory of Utah, asking remuner-
ation to the people of that Territory for defending
themselves against Indian incursions, which was
referred to the Committee on Territories. I am
instructed by that committee to report it back to
the House, with the recommendation that it be re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
There was no objection, and the change of ref-
erence was made.
Mr. COBB. If there is nothing before the
House, I propose to call up a privileged question.
The SPEAKER. The business before the
House is the call of committees for reports.
Mr. STANLY. I desire to know if a report
has not been made by the Committee on Territo-
ries without the consent of the House?
The SPEAKER. The report was received,
there being no objection, and the petition referred ;
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
DUTY ON RAILHOAD IRON.
Mr COBB. Near the close of the last session of
Congress, I introduced a bill, (House bill No. 323,)
which was referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, and reported back unani-
mously by that committee, to the House, with a
recommendation that it do pass. The bill was
put upon its passage, but, like almost every bill !
which I brought before the House at the last ses- i
sion of Congress, was laid upon the table. Hav-
ing distinctly understood that it would be laid upon
the table by a very Bmall vote, I voted in favor of
the motion, in order to give me an opportunity to
move to reconsider that vote. I made that motion
in order to give the members another opportunity
of investigating the subject, and for the purpose of
allowing it to take another chance with the House.
My honorable friend from New York [Mr. Jen-
kins] moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon
the table, which motion is now pending. I now
call up that motion to reconsider, and ask the gen-
tleman from New York to withdraw the motion to ,
lay upon the table, in order to give me an oppor-
tunity briefly to explain the object of the resolu-
tion. I will have the bill read, ami it will explain
itself. It proposes to extend the time for the pay-
ment of duties upon railroad iron four years, the
railroad companies being bound to give such secu-
rity as the district courts may require for its pay-
ment, with six per cent, per annum.
Mr. JENKINS, i will withdraw the motion
to lay on the table, if the gentleman will promise
to renew it in less than five minutes.
Mr. COBB. 1 will renew it in less than that
time.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will remark to
the gentleman from Alabama, that if the motion
be withdrawn, his motion to reconsider will not
be debatable. According to tile recollection of
the Chair, the bill was at the last session laid upon
the table; a motion to reconsider is not, therefore,
debatable.
Mr. COBB. Then I move that the bill be taken
up and read through.
Mr. H1LLYER. Is it in order to bring this
bill before the House at this time?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ala-
bama has the right to call up his motion to re-
consider, but that motion is not debatable.
Mr. COBB. If it is not the pleasure of the
House to consider the motion at this time, 1 will
not press it upon them.
Mr. JENKINS. If the gentleman from Ala-
bama cannot be allowed to explain his bill, 1 do
not withdraw the motion to lay upon the table.
The question now being upon the motion to lay
upon the table the motion to reconsider the vote
by which House bill No. 323, for the relief of
the Memphis and Charleston, the Tennessee,
Mississippi and Alabama, the Alabama and Ten-
nessee river, the Coosa, New Orleans and Jack-
son, the New Orleans and Opelousas, and the
Great Western Railroad Companies, was laid upon
the table,
Mr. ROBBINS demanded the yeaa and nays;
which were ordered.
The question was then taken, and the repult
was—yeas 74* nays 73; as follows:
YEAS—Measfs. Allison, Babcock, Barrere, Bartlett,
Buell, Barrowa, Busby, Joseph Cable, Chandler, Chapman,
Clemens, Cleveland, Curtis, Dawson, Disney, Duncan,
Eastman, JSvans, Ficklin, Florence, Floyd, Thomas J. D.
Fuller, Gaylord, Giddings, Gilmore, Green, laham G. Har-
i ris, Hart, Haven. Hibbard, Hillyer, Hereford, John W.
' Howe, Thomas M. Howe, Ingersoll, Ives, Jenkins, An-
drew Johnson, John Johnson, Daniel T. Jones, George W.
i Jones, George G. King, Preston King, Kurtz, Letcher,
Martin, McNair, Miner, Henry D. Moore, Morrison, New-
ton, Peaslee, Penniman, Perkins, Riddle, Robbins, Robie,
Ross, Sehermerliorn, David L. Seymour, Origen S. Sey
mour, Skelton, Benjamin Stanton, Richard H. Stanton,
Abr'm P. Stephens, Thaddeus Stevens, Stratton, Stuart,
Sweetser, Thurston, Townshend, Walbridge, Walsh, and
Washburn—74.
NAYS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Averett, Bocock, Bragg,
Breckinridge, Brenton, Bnggs, Brooks, Albert G. Brown,
Caldwell, Lewis D. Campbell, Thompson Campbell, Cart-
ter, Caskie, Chastain, Clark, Clingman, Cobb, Conger,
Cottman, Cullom, Darby, John G. Davis, Dockery, Ed-
mund son, Freeman, Grey, Hail, Harper, Sampson W.
Harris, Hendricks, Henn, Holladay, Hunter, Jackson,
James Johnson, Robert W.Johnson, Landry, Little, Lock-
hart, Marshal], Meade, Miller, Millson, Molony, John
Moore, Morehead, Murphy, Nabers, Olds, Oir, Samuel
W. Parker, Polk, Powell, Price, Richardson, Robinson,
Scurry, Smart, Smith, Frederick P. Stanton, Alexander
. H. Stephens, Taylor, Venable, Wallace, \Vatkins, Welch,
Addison White, Alexander White, Wilcox, Williams,
; Woodward, and Yates—73.
So the motion to reconsider was laid upon the
table.
Mr. DEAN, pending the call of the yeas and
nays, stated that he was outside the bar when his
name was called, and asked to have his vote re-
corded .
Mr. CLINGMAN objected.
Mr. BOCOCK. I desire to call the attention of
the Speaker to the fact that under the rules of the
House he could have voted in the negative, and
decided the vote in the negative.
[Cries of" Too late!"]
MRS. MARGARET L. WORTH.
Mr. POLK. I rise to a privileged question. I
ask for the consideration of the report of the Com-
mittee of Conference on the bill granting'a pension
to Mrs. Margaret L. Worth. I believe that that
is usually considered a privileged question; or, in
other words, reports of committees of conference
have precedence over all ordinary business.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that has
been the practice of the House.
Mr. POLK. I call for the reading of the report.
The report was read,as follows:
The Committee of Conference upon the disn^reemg votes
of the two Houses, upon the bill for the relief ul Mrs. Mar-
garet L. Worth, met, and alter free and full consultation,
agree, and recommend that the House; of Representatives
recede IVoni its ainendineut to the Senate bill, and that said
bill be passed in the form in which it came from the Senate.
SOLO \ BORLAND,
JAMES SHIELDS,
JOHN DAVIS,
On the part of the Senate.
WILLIAM H. POLK,
ROBERT UOODENOW,
On the part of the House,
I dissent from the above report. I. 6. HARRIS.
Mr. POLK. I move that the report be con-
curred in by the House.
Mr. STUART. Upon that motio*I demand
the previous question.
Mr. ORR. I ask the gentleman from Michigan
to withdraw his call for the previous question,for
five or ten minutes.
Mr. STUART. I have but one object in making
the call, and that is, if possible, to get at the reg-
ular order of business of this House.
Mr. ORR. Bv the passage of this bill, a very
important precedent would be established, and I
think the House ought to understand it.
Mr. STUART. I will withdraw the call, and
allow the gentleman the time he asks for.
Mr. ORR. I know, sir, that it is a very ungra-
cious task which I enter upon, when I announce
myself as opposed to concurring in the report sub-
mitted by the Committee of Conference. If the
House should understand the bill which has been
passed, my opinion is that a very large majority
of the House will refuse to concur in the report of
the Committee What is the state of the facts?
General Worth, after having rendered, as I con-
cede, the most brilliant services to his country,
died a few months after the termination of the
Mexican war. The proposition now before the
House is this : to allow to the widow of General
Worth a pension—not for five years; not such a
pension as she would have received if he had been
killed in battle, apensionof thirty dollars a month,
for five years, according to his rank; but this pro-
position, which is now proposed to be passed,
allows to her a pension of fifty dollars a month,
during her lifetime. It proposes to allow her $600 &
year for her lifetime, when, if General Worth had
been shot down in Mexico, she would have been
entitled, under our present pension laws, to only
thirty dollars per month for five years. Now, sir,
is not the precedent a very important one?
I do not know that I have very serious objec-
tions to your providing—though I think, perhaps,
it would be in the main wrong—for the support
of the widows and orphans of your officers who
are not only killed in battle, but who die when
not actually engaged in war. But if the precedent
is to be set now, I submit that it would be better
that you should set it by passing a general law,
and thereby apply to the widows of all your offi-
| cers who have died, the same justice which you
now propose to extend to the widow of General
1 Worth; and also, as suggested to me by my friend
from Tennessee, [Mr. Johnson,] in front of me,
that you extend the same bounty to the widows
of soldiers who are killed in battle, and who gen-
erally leave their families in far more destitute cir-
cumstances than the families of officers.
The precedent is wrong from another consider-
| ation. You give the very strongest incentives to
individuals to enter the Army, from the highest
office down to the lowest; because if a man enters
the Army at the age of twenty-one or twenty-five,
! as a soldier or an officer, he has a guarantee, if
this precedent be established, that, whether he be
Erovident or improvident, or whatever disposition
e chooses to make of the funds paid to him by
the Government as an annual snlary, when he
comes to die, and his widow and children are left
destitute, the Government becomes their supporter;
giving to the military man and his family certain
support through life, while every other occupation
and pursuit is subjected to the hazards of failure.
Does this not go far towards making this a grand
military republic ?
I do not know that it would be wrong, but is
the House prepared to establish such a precedent
as that at this time? Now, sir, there are widows
and orphans of other gallant and distinguished
officers. I had the honor the other day to present
a petition from a widow residing in my State, who
