1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
235
mumcation should properly go to the Committee
on the Territories, to ascertain whether Governor
Young did right in appointing the Secretary. I
move that it be referred to the Committee on the
Territories.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I withdraw my motion.
The communication was then referred to the
Committee on the Territories.
Mr. BELL. I now ask leave to introduce a bill
and have it referred.
Mr. McMULLlN. I object, and move that
the House do now adjourn.
The question was put and the motion agreed to.
And the House adjourned till to-morrow at
twelve o'clock, m.
PETITIONS.
The following petitions were presented under the rule,
anil referred to the appropriate committees :
Bv Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi: The petition of Wil-
liam B. Jay, prajing, in behalf of the citizens ot'Township
eleven, range ten east, in the county of Neshoba, Missis-
sippi. the privilege ot locating a sixteenth secuon of land
for school purposes in place of sixteenth secUon given by
the United States to an Indian claimant.
By Mr. IVES : The petitiou of -24 citizens of Jefferson
county, for breakwaters in the harbor of Cape Vincent,
New Vork.
By Mr. THOM A? M. HOWE : Memorial of the Alle-
gany VallA- Railroad Company, praying that the Secretary
of War may be authorized to grant the said company the
nght of way through the grounds of the Allegany arsenal.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, January 6, 1853.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rey. C. M. Butler.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of the Senate,
showing the names and compensation of the per-
sons employed in his office during the year 1852;
which was ordered to be printed.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. BRODHEAD presented the petition of
George Felker, praying that the children of George
Felker, his father, may be paid the amount of
pension due him at the time of his death; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. CASS presented the memorial of Anna
McLean, widow of an officer of the Army, who
lost his life in the last war with Great Britain,
praying a pension or gratuity; which was referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. HUNTER presented the petition of the
heirs of Richard B. Mason, praying compensation
for damages to their property by the construction
-of the Long Bridge at Washington City; which j
was referred to the Committee on Claims. '
Mr. SHIELDS presented a memorial of citizens
of Virginia, praying the reconstruction of the Long
Bridge over the Potomac at its present site; which
was referred to the Committee on the District, of
Columbia.
Mr. GWIN presented the memorial of James
E. and Edwin Smith, citizens of the State of New
York, praying that a register may be granted to
the brig Michael, a foreign vessel now owned by
them, and upon which they have expended in this
country nearly four fifths of her appraised value
for repairs; which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
Mr. DAVIS. I present the petition of Joseph
Townsend, who represents himself to be a master
mariner and commander of the barque Lamar-
tine. While that barque was at anchor at the
port of Leghorn, in Italy, the Austrian army took
possession of that city; and consequently those
who were supposed to be implicated in the late
revolution, were obliged to flee. He received a
large number of these persons in quite destitute
circumstances, and entertained them on board his
barque at his own expense, as a place of refuge
from the fury of that army. Being himself a man
quite poor, he feels unable to sustain the loss,
which must amount to some §700 or $800, and he
asks Congress to remunerate him for the expense.
I move that, without reading, the petition, with
the accompanyine papers, be referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS snbmittted additional documents
in relation to the claim of William T. G. Morton
to compensation, in consideration of being the dis-
coverer of the use of ether as an anaesthetic agent
in surgical operations; which were referred to the
select committee appointed on the subject. |
REPORT FROM A STANDING COMMITTEE.
Mr. SMITH, from the Committee on Printing,
to which was referred a motion to print the report
of the Secretary of the Navy and the documents
accompanying it, relative to the loss of the steamer
Edith, and other matters connected therewith,
communicated the 14th of May last, submitted a
report, which states that, according to the under-
standing of the committee, the publication of those
documents was asked for in order to vindicate the
professional character of Lieutenant Richard W.
Meade, of the Navy, from imputations contained
in a letter of Commodore Thomas Ap C. Jones,
dated September 24th, 1850, addressed to the Sec-
retary of the Navy. The committee are, however,
of the opinion that the subsequent reappointment
of Lieutenant Meade to the Navy by the Presi-
dent, and his confirmation by the Senate, are a
sufficient exoneration, and that the publication of
the papers is therefore unnecessary.
The committee were discharged from the further
consideration of the subject, and the report was
ordered to be printed.
COLONIZATION IN NORTH AMERICA.
Mr. CASS. I desire now to call up for a second
reading the joint resolution which I submitted a
few days ago, " declaratory of the views of the
' United States respecting colonization on the North
' American Continent by European Powers, and
'respecting the Island of Cuba." My object is
to have it set apart for some future day.
The motion was agreed to, and the joint resolu-
tion was read a second time.
Mr. CASS. I give notice that I shall ask the
Senate to take it up for consideration at the time
when discussion will take place upon analogous
subjects.
Mr. SHIELDS. Next Wednesday ?
Mr. CASS. If the discussion upon the subject
is to come up on Wednesday, I move to postpone
the further consideration of this resolution until
that day.
The motion was agreed to.
TRIPARTITE CUBAN TREATY. f
Mr. MASON. I ask the indulgence of the
Senate to give a notice at this time. I see that the
message of the President, and the report of the
Secretary of State, communicating the information
called for by a resolution of the Senate, in refer-
| ence to the correspondence between this Govern-
ment and the Ministers of France and Great
Britain upon the subject of a tripartite convention
j in relation to the Island of Cuba, have been printed
and laid upon the tables of Senators. I now give
notice, after consultation with gentlemen who have
an interest in the subject, that I shall, on Wednes-
day of next week, move that the papers be re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Relations,
when any gentleman who chooses to enter into
the debate, can have an opportunity of doing so.
DEBASEMENT OF COIN.
Mr.GWIN. Insomeremarkswhich 1 submitted
to the Senate the other day, I alluded to the de-
basement of the coin of the United States. As I
intend t<J have that subject investigated before the
Committee on Finance, when the appropriations
for the United States Mint come before them, I
have a resolution in my hand which I wish to offer,
in order to get some information from the Treas-
ury Department, for the purpose of referring it to
that Committee. I offer the following resolution,
and ask for its consideration at this time:
Resolved, That the Secretary oftlie Treasury be requested
to inform tlie Senate what was the nominal, and what is the
actual fineness of the gold coins struck at the Mint prior to
the year 1834, and at which they are now received by the
Mint forrecoinage ; also, to furnish copies oftlie reports, for
the last ten years, of the commissioners who have met an-
nually in conformity with law, to examine the weight and
fineness of the coins of the United States, and of all com
munications to and from the Executive Department of the
Government in relation to any debasement of the coins
struck in the Mint, or either of its branches, which may
have been detected by said commissioners, or otherwise.
Also, by what authority of law neither gold nor silver is
separated for the lienefit of the depositor in the Mint, when
the net product of the operation estimated upon the charges
by theMint is less than five dollars; whethei said gold and
silver is separated for the benefit of the Mint, and used for
its contingent expenses, to the loss of the depositor; and if
so, by what authontv oflaw, and what has been the amount,
if anv, both of the gold and of the sil ver, respectively, «o
taken from depositors by the Mint at Philadelphia, during
each ofthe last four fiscal years.
Also, what is the amount of silver now left unextracted
in the gold coins ofthe United States by the Mint at Phila-
delphia, and to furnish a statement of the aggregate sums
both of the gold and silver deposited, and of the deductions
made therefrom respectively, and for each quarter, as well
as the rates charged for silver alloy, as exemplified in the
abstracts ol accounts ot the Mint, accompanying the reports
of the First Auditor numbered 105,120, 1(15,U6u, 10ti,d")6,
100,1)94, and 107, IBS; and whether the depositors of mixed
gold bullion, from the I4th November, l.-v>0, to 1st April,
IK'il, were charged by the Mint full price for separating ineir
silver from their gold, to wit: live cents per ounce, and then
deprived of nearly the halt of said silver, to wit: live per
cent, by weight left in the gold coins by the inelter and re-
finer, and charged to said depositors as alloy, and if so, Ihen
for what reasons, and by what authority of law ; also, what
was the aggregate amount, if any, of said five per cent, of
bilver so taken from said depositors; and to lurnisli copies
ot" all communications to and front the Department in any
manner relating to this subject.
Also, what deductions, if any, are made by the assayer
ofthe Mint ill the reported fineness of gold bullion depo fted
Iroin the actual assay results thereof, and if any, then what
disposal is made ofthe profits thence accruing, and by what
authority of law.
Also, by what act of appropriation, or authority of law,
the profits of the coinage of silver three cent coins are used
by the Mint oftlie United States to defray its contingent ex-
penses.
Mr. GWIN. I hope the resolution will be
acted upon now. I want the information as soon
as possible, in order that it may go before the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. PEARCE. If the Senator does not intend
to discuss the resolution, I will make no opposi-
tion to it.
Mr. GWIN. I do not want to discuss it.
The resolution was agreed to.
ARKANSAS BONDS.
Mr. SEBASTIAN submitted the following res-
olution ; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Finance be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of providing by law for the
sale ol certain bonds of the State of Arkansas now held in
trust by the United States, and report by bill or otherwise.
REPUBLIC OF NICARAGUA.
Mr. BROOKE submitted the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That the President he requested, if in his opin-
ion not inconsistent with the public interest, to communi-
cate to the Senate the reasons which have induced the
Department of State to refuse to hold further official inter-
course with SenorDon Jos6 deMarcoleta, Envoy Extraor-
dinary and Minister Plenipotentiary of the Republic of
Nicaragua, near this Government.
Mr. WELLER. I prefer that that resolution
shall lie over.
The PRESIDENT. It cannot be considered
now, if there be any objection.
Mr. WELLER. It will probably give rise to
discussion.
The PRESIDENT. The resolution must lie
over.
FRAUDULENT CLAIMS.
Mr. HOUSTON submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Select Committee appointed on the
6th of August, 1852, to inquire into abuses, bribery, and
fraud in prosecuting claims, &.c., be revived; that a mem-
ber be appointed by the President of the Senate to fill the
vacancy on the committee ; and that the committee be au-
thorized to employ a clerk.
The PRESIDENT appointed Mr. Walker to
fill the vacancy.
FRENCH REVOLUTION.
Mr. MASON submitted the following resolu-
tion for consideration:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested (if, in his opinion, not incompatible with the pub
lie interest) to communicate to the Senate copies of any
further correspondence that may have taken place between
the Minister of the United States at Paris and the De-
partment of State, concerning the revolution in France
December, 1851, since the correspondence of like chaiac-
ler communicated by the President to both Houses of Con-
gress with his message of January 20, 18 >2.
CONDUCT OF COMMODORE MORGAN.
The resolution some days since submitted by
Mr. Hale, in relation to the conduct of Commo-
dore Morgan, in command of the United States
razee Independence, the flag ship of the Mediter-
ranean squadron, came up in its order for consid-
eration.
Mr. SHIELDS. I move that that resolution be
lftd on the table.
Mr. MASON. The Senator who offered that
resolution is not now in his seat; 1 desire, there-
fore, that it may remain on the calendar, that we
may see what disposition that Senator is disposed
to make of it.
The resolution was passed over informally.
