286
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 6,
WORKMEN ON THE CAPITOL EXTENSION.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill " for the relief of the working men on-the ad-
dition to the Capitol;" the question being, "Shall
it be engrossed for a third reading ?"
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 17, nays 21; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Borland, Brodhead, Cass, Cathcart,
Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Gwin, Houston,
Jones of Tennessee, Mangum, Rusk, Seward, Shields,
Smith, SouU, Wade, and Walker—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Atchison, Bayard, Bradbury,
Bright, Brooke, Charlton,"Davis, De Saussure, Downs,
Fish, Geyer, Hunter, Mallory, Mason, Norris, Pearce, Se-
bastian, Spruance, Stockton, and Toucey—21.
So the bill was rejected. •
WILLIAM AND MATTHEW MOSS.
On motion by Mr. RUSK, the Senate proceeded
to consider, as in Committee of the Whole, the
bill " for the relief of William Moss and Matthew
Moss." It proposes to authorize the Postmaster
General to cause to be paid to William and Mat-
thew Moss, of Arkansas, late contractors for car-
rying the United States mail on route 5991, in that
State, such sum as may be due to them at the rate
of $1,500 a year, after deducting therefrom the
amount paid at the rate of 0700 a year.
Mr. ADAMS. I should like to know some-
thing about that case. I see that it has been re-
ported from the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads, and therefore I ask for the reading of
their report.
The report was accordingly read; from which
it appears that William and Matthew Moss were
joint contractors to carry the United States mail
upon route 5991, in the State of Arkansas; that
they proposed to perform the service for the com-
pensation of $1,500 per annum, but inserted by
some mistake in their proposals S700 a year in-
stead of $1,500, as intended; and on being in-
formed of their mistake through the letter of ac-
ceptance sent to them from the Department,
immediately wrote to the Postmaster General,
stating the error into which they had fallen in the
hurry of business. They subsequently proceeded
to perform the service, believing that the Depart-
ment would correct thfc error; but in that they
were disappointed. The committee refer to the
testimony in the case, showing that the previous
contractor had received a larger amount than
$1,500 for the same service, when the mails were
smaller in quantity; and believing jjiat the peti-
tioners acted in good faith, they recommend the
passage of a bill for their relief.
Mr. ADAMS. I do not understand exactly
the principle upon which this bill is founded. I
should like to ask the chairman of the Committee
on the'Post Office and Post Roads what is the tes-
timony in regard to the mistake made as to the
amount?
Mr. RUSK. The testimony as to the amount
is this: These men bid on several routes, but this
was the only one assigned to them. Tne testi-
mony, as the report states, shows that a larger
amount than $1,500 had been paid for carrying the
mail on the same route previously, and that a
larger amount was subsequently paid. The
parties have produced the affidavit of a man whom
they had as an agent to make out the bids in
form, and send them to the Post Office Depart-
ment. He swears that they intended to bid for this
route $1,500, and that the $700 bid was for another
route, which was not awarded to them, because
there was a lower bid for that than the $1,500 one,
which was sent on by mistake. This route was
awarded to them, and, as well as I remember the
papers, theirs was the lowest bid for that route.
Under these circumstances, I think the case is one
in which the parties are clearly entitled to relief.
Mr. BAYARD. I would like to ask the chair-
man of the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads, whether there were any other bids for
this route lower than $1,500?
Mr. RUSK. There was no other bid lower
than that amount.
Mr. BAYARD. I would like to know also
what the answer of the Postmaster General was
to the application to correct the mistake, becauB
the report says they made application; and they
certainly must have entered into bonds to perform
the service for the amount specified.
Mr. RUSK. The answer of the Postmaster
General was, that the bid having been accepted,
and being on file, he had no legal authority to
change it. The recommendation of the postmas-
ters upon the route is also on file, and their state-
ment sustains the averments of the petitioners.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
EFFICIENCY OF THE ARMY AND NAVY.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill " to increase the efficiency of the Army by a
retired list for disabled officers," the pending ques-
tion being on concurring in the amendment made
as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. SHIELDS. After consultation with some
of the members of the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, I have deemed it advisable to strike out all
that portion of the bill pertaining to the Navy and
Marine Corps, in order to relieve it from any em-
barrassment, and believing that it is, after all, the
appropriate duty of that committee to arrange the
matter in such a way as to conform to the regula-
tions of the Navy. We have eome to an under-
standing that the bill to be reported from the Navy
Committee on the subject shall conform, in its
general features and principles, to this, so that
there will be a perfect conformity between the
provision for both services. That being so, I pre-
sume there will be no further opposition to this
bill. I am exceedingly anxious that it should
pass now, in order to send it to the other House
in time to be passed there during this session. In
accordance with the understanding to which I
have alluded,! move to amend the amendment
by striking out all of it that relates to the Navy
and Marine Corps, so as to make it read as fol-
j lows:
; That if any commissioned officer of the Army shall have
! become incapable of performing the duties of his office, by
i reason of age, wounds, or disease incurred in the service
i ofthe United States, he shall be placed upon a retired list,
and retire from the service, with the pay proper of his rank
and with the service ration to which he is entitled at the
time, but without any other allowances to which lie might
be entitled if he continued in the service either in the line
or staff; and the officer next in line of promotion, who is
physically efficient, shall be promoted to the place of the re-
tiredjoffieer, with therationsand emoluments appertaining
thereto, but shall continue to receive the pay proper of the
grade from which he was promoted until an actual vacancy
shall happen, to which he may .succeed according to the
heretofore established laws of the service. And the same
rule of promotion, pay, and allowances shall he applied suc-
j cessively to the vacancies and promotions consequent upon
the retirement of an officer as herein provided.
Sec. 2. And belt further enacted, That, to carry out the
1 provisions of this act, any officer of the Army, who may be
incapacitated as heretofore recited, and who shall volun-
tarily apply to be retired from active service, or, on being
ordered to perform the duties appropriate to his commie- i
sion, shall report himself unable to comply with such order,
or any officer who, in the judgment ofthe President, shall ,
have becomein any way incapacitated from performing the :
duties of his office, the President, at his discretion, shall di- i
rect the Secretary of War to refer the case of such officer |
to an Army Board, to be composed of not more than seven
nor less than three commissioned officers, to be detailed :
I from those of superior rank to him whose case is under con- ]
' sideration, as far as his grade and the interest of the service !
will permit. And the said board shall determine upon the j
j case referred to them, and their opinion thereon, with a !
!! record of the proceedings, shall be transmitted to the Secre-
[ tary of War, to belaid before the President for his approval j
- or disapproval; and if, in the judgment ofthe board, the offi-
cer be considered incapacitated for active service, and the !
President approve such judgment, the said officer shall
! thereupon be placed upon the list of retired officers accord- I
in<r to the provisions of this act. J
Sec. 3 And be it further enacted. That the President, in \
his discretion,may direct anyofficer who shall have served 1
forty years in the military service ofthe United States to be
placed on the list of retired officers as aforesaid.
The amendments were agreed to, and the amend-
, ment as thus amended was concurred in.
Mr. BRADBURY. I move further to amend
the bill by adding the following additional sec-
tion:
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That no vacancy cre-
ated by the name of any officer being placed on the retired
list, shall be filled until it shall be first determined by the
: President Jhat the wants of tlie public service require it.
| Mr. SHIELDS. The bill itself provides for
i that. These officers are all subject to the com-
, mands of the President at any time, and therefore
I do not exactly understand what the Senator
- means by the amendment.
Mr. BRADBURY. I will explain the amend-
ment. I have not had an opportunity to read the
j bill, to see whether or not it is suitably guarded
in tljis respect. The object of the amendment is,
that when officers who have been disabled shall
be withdrawn from the service, the vacancies
: thereby created shall not be filled mbre rapidly
j than the public service requires. It is known
that a large number of officers are annually grad-
uated at West Point. Now it may be that a
larger number than the public service requires are
there graduated. I do not wish to increase the
number of officers any more rapidly than the
public interests require. I suppose, therefore,
there can be no manner of objection to the amend-
ment.
A Senator. That restriction is already in the
bill.
Mr. BRADBURY. If the restriction is al-
ready contained in the bill, the amendment can
do no harm, but it will at least have this effect—
it will relieve the matter from any misapprehen-
sion on the part of the officers.
Mr. SHIELDS. I would say to the honorable
Senator that this bill does not create any vacancy,
nor does it create any additional officers in the
Army, or any additional expense; and that is
one of the best arguments in its favor. What the
honorable Senator wishes to accomplish by his
amendment, can be accomplished by the President
under the general law, and under this bill.
Mr. BRADBURY. Then that fact only shows
the necessity of our having an opportunity to read
a bill before we act upon it. This bill was actually
taken up for consideration this morning before a
printed copy of it was placed upon our tables, and
having had no opportunity to read it,I felt that soma
restriction of this kind might possibly be necessary,
and I therefore proposed the amendment. If the
bill effects the same object, I am surely not dis-
posed to press the amendment, and 1 therefore
withdraw it. I offered it as a matter almost of ne--
cessity, having had no opportunity to read the bill
before its consideration.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
TEXAS DEBT.
Mr. PEARCE. This, I believe, is the day
which was assigned, by special order of the Sen-
ate, for the consideration of the bill " to provide
for the payment of such creditors of the late re-
public of Texas, as are comprehended in the act
of Congress of September 9, 1850." I have had
some conversation with gentlemen interested in
that bill, and it is their desire, as well as my own,
that the Senate should consent to postpone its fur-
ther consideration, and make it the order of the
day for Monday next. I am free to say, that there
are some facts connected with it, in relation to
which 1 wish to make a statement to the Senate,
and I am not now prepared with all the informa-
tion necessary to enable me ft) do so.
Mr. GWIN. I do not object to this bill being
made the special order for Monday, with the un-
derstanding that the Pacific railroad bill shall be
the special order for next Wednesday. I wish it
to be understood that on that day that bill shall
have preference over any other. I agree with the
Senator from Maryland, that inasmuch as he is
not prepared to go on to-day with his own bill, it
may be postponed till Monday, provided the un-
derstanding be that my bill shall come up on .
Wednesday.
Mr. PEARCE. I am satisfied with the propo-
sition of the Senator from California, and I there-
fore move to take up the bill in relation.to the
Texas debt, for the purpose of postponing it till
Monday.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate ac-
cordingly proceeded to consider the bill.
Mr. PEARCE. I now move that it be post-
poned, and be made the special order of the day
for Monday next, at one o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
RAILROAD TO THE PACIFIC.
Mr. GWIN. I now move that the bill " for
the protection of the emigrant route and a tele-
graphic line, and for an overland mail between
the Missouri river and the settlements in Oregon
and California, which was made the special order
for next Monday, be taken up for the purpose of
being postponed until Wednesday next.
Mr. RUSK. I would suggest to the honorable
Senator from California that there is no use in
that motion, for his bill is now the special order
for Monday and will have the preference on that
day; and ne can then move to postpone it until
Wednesday. By leaving it in its present posi-
tion he may take it up on Monday if the Senator
from Maryland,should not then be ready to pro-
ceed.
