1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
239
psv tor I.fe. Tina promise of luiif pay for life,
became as much a part of the contract for compen-
sation on ;he pait of the Government, as any other
ji.it: of the contract made by the Government of
the L'nited States with regard !o the compensation
for serucosin the war. It is, therefore, a false
vif\v of this subject to consider it as a mere gra-
ti;nv. It was not so. It was one of the most sol-
emn promises which the Go\ eminent of the Uni-
ted States, ornithertheGovernmen: of the Colonies
at that time, e^r made since the first foimation of
the Government. I: was then apprehended that the
revolutionary Army would be disbanded, not from
any fault on the part of the soldiers, but because
m reality, the pittance which was paid them would
not support them. And further, the compensa-
tion being so small, and the money in which they
were i«i(i being so depreciated, from various
causes, they were unable even to acquire credit
upon the paper in which they were paid. They
were consequently embarrassed; and hundreds and
thousands of them, as has been so often remarked
in Congress, were obliged to support themselves,
in a great measure, from their private fortunes,
over and above all that they received for their ser-
vices. Well, sir, the war was closed; how glori-
ously, the world knows. It is useless for any
man to employ language to extol the deeds per-
formed during that period of our country's history.
The world knows them, and we are enjoying the
benefit secured by the heroism and sufferings of
those who took part in that memorable struggle.
But while men are living, it seems that they are
always selfish in their treatment of each other.
There was a clamor got up among the States at
that time, that this was an odious system, and
that placing so nftiny officers on the half-pay list
was unjust; that it was contiary to the fundamen-
tal principles which should control the action of
this Government. That clamor prevailed. Some-
thing must be done; these men were not dead;
they had not passed away from the scenes of ac-
tion wbut were still among the living, and came in
contact with their fellow-men;and by this contact,
jealousies were liable to be excited. Congress
then resolved, if possible, to destroy the half-pay
system; and they passed a resolution by which
t1 ey authorized the proposition to be made to the
officers of the Army of the Revolution, that they
should surrender their half pay for life, and take
in lieu of it, a commutation of full pay for five
years. This proposition was authorized to be
made upon the solemn promise of the existing
Government, that the five years'full pay should
be paid to them. Now, it is a strange fact in the
history of this Government, that in resorting to
this mode of changing the conditions on which the
officers were to be paid, the officers themselves
were not consulted as to their acceptance of the
commutation certificates. The Army was dis-
banded , and went home; and they being thus scat-
tered over the whole country, could not act in con-
cert, and could do nothing but accept the commu-
tation. They received the certificates pledging so
many dollars in value in cash. But when they
came to ask for the money upon them—when they
came to get their five years'full pay in commuta-
tion for half pay for life, they found they could
not get from the Treasury one dollar. Of course
the vast amount pledged by these certificates caused
them to depreciate, and soon they were sold at
about one eighth of their nominal value, or for
twelve and a half cents on the dollar. In this way
the Government redeemed its solemn promise
which it had made to the revolutionary officer that
he should receive half pay for life. That is, they
paid him in certificates of commutation for half
pay for life, purporting to be full pay for five
years. Those certificates upon which they were
promised dollar for dollar turned out to be worth
only one eighth of their nominal value. It was
thus the Government discharged its obligation.
The obligation this day is no less solemn than it
was at that. In point of fact, the time, and the
injustice done to the soldiers do but sanctify the
promise; and now we are called upon to say '
whether we will redeem it. I wish to throw
nothing around the subject that does not properly 1
belong to it. I believe it is due to those officers
that we should now redeem that solemn pledge of ;
the Government. i
But, sir, it is contended that if we make goad :
the depreciation upon the commutation certificates,
we «hould do nothing more; that we should not li
allow interest upon the sum, which would accrue
down to the present; that we are now to turn them
off coldly, and say, " It is true your commutation
certificates were thus valueless, but after the lapse
of so many years, though you have been kept out
of its enjoyment all this time, we say you can but
have the principal and not the interest." 1 could
not view that, as a business transaction between
man and man, as just. Such a criterion of justice
would not be observed as a rule of action between
individuals; and now when we are wealthy, with
an overflowing Treasury, and these old officers, or
their descendants, come forward and prove their
case, shall we, with plenty of means to comply
with our promise, turn them away and say we
will not do it> This is a plain question. I think
there need be no discussion about the matter. If
Senators now are willing to say that they will not
redeem the promise up to its fullest letter, up to
equity and justice, let them say so—let the country
bay so. For my part, I feel I have done my duty
in regard to it. I have reviewed the history of the
whole transaction in the case of Moorej to which
reference is made in the report on this case. I
have set forth there the history of the whole trans-
action. I have bestowed a great deal of labor
upon it. I believe every line and word in it is true
and is borne out by the documents to which Sena-
tors can refer in the Library belonging to the Sen-
ate. There can, then, be no deception; and I wish
now to place the case upon a plain ground—will
the Senate at this day, comply with the solemn
promise made at such an early period in the his-
tory of our Government ? Will they comply with
a promise so long refused or not?
Mr. BADGER. I do not see the propriety of
the amendment proposed by the Senator from Del-
aware, [Mr. Bayard.) I do not consider the
question now before the Senate as belonging to the
general inquiry whether the Government ought to
pajr interest. I look upon this case as being one
which constitutes an exception to any general rule
which can be laid down upon this subject. Con-
gress, during the progress of the revolutionary
; war, voted to these dischargad officers half pay for
life. For reasons which have been stated by the
Senator from Wisconsin, it was thought proper to
commute that half pay into a sum certain, and to
pay at once, instead of paying successive sums in
the nature of an annuity. Certificates of commu-
: tation pay were accordingly issued, and then, what
( was the state of the case ? The country owed the
| full amount which the certificate called for; the
i money was owed, if any nation ever owed a debt,
: either upon principles of justice or of gratitude.
They say, " we will withdraw what we have be-
fore granted you—half pay for life—and will give
you a sum of money in lieu thereof, and have
issued certificates for it." These certificates turned !
out to be of less value than appeared upon their
face. We did not therefore pay them the sum
which we offered to them as the commutation for
the half pay which we .withdrew. This bill pro-
poses to pay to the heirs of the officer mentioned
in it, the difference between the nominal value and
the actual value of the certificate issued to him;
and also to pay interest upon that value.
Now, Mr. President, it appears to me that it is
a plain case in which the Government ought to pay
interest. I do not speak of the general question
with regard to paying interest; I do not speak of
the Government being called upon to pay interest
upon indefinite claims, when their amount shall
have been ascertained. But here is a specific case
of a debt acknowledged by the Government, with
a certificate of the amount, and the certificate not
being of the value which it purported to be; I ask
upon what principle, what possible principle recon-
cilable with the integrity of the Government, can
we refuse to pay the difference between the sums
which we originally owed, and the value of that
certificate which they received ? Independent of
all other considerations, this is a tardy payment
by a most inadequate remuneration, for services !
rendered to this nation, such as were never ren-
dered nor equaled by any other body of men in |
the world. The men who served through that <
long and bloody war, who at last brought it to a
successful termination, who serve'd under all the |
embarrassments and privations of the war, have
claims upon the Government for at least some
small pittance of the amount which Congress prom- ■;
ised should be made good to them, according to n
the stipulations at the time. I do hope that, waiv- |j
j ing every other consideration, we shall treat this
as a holy obligation, and as binding as our obliga-
tion to pay interest upon the national debt; and
that we will not place ourselves in the attitude of
refusing to pay revolutionary officers what we
have contracted to pay them. "Wegave them cer-
tificates which professed to be for the whole, but
which were worthless save for a part. How can
we stand in the position of a debtor who has hon-
estly and faithfully discharged his obligations, if
we do not make good the deficiency in the princi-
pal, and the interest upon it? I hope the amend-
ment of my friend from Delaware will not pre-
vail.
Mr. BAYARD. I do not intend to enter into the
general question of the obligation of the Govern-
ment to pay interest. I shall confine myself entirely
to the views presented in this case by the honorable
Senator from North Carolina, as to its being pecu-
liar in its character, and requiring the payment of
interest without regard to the general principles on
which the obligation of the Government with ref-
erence to interest, rests. 1 am perfectly aware
that a claim, founded upon the obligation that is
entailed upon the Government for services per-
formed during the revolutionary war, is one which
is calculated to appeal very strongly to the sensi-
bilities, and may determine the Senate to vote in
favor of the allowance of interest. No man would
admit, more readily than I would, the extent and
value of the services of those who engaged in
that struggle. No man would go further than
I would, as an exceptive case, for the purpose
of relief upon sound principles. But I take this
case as it is presented—for I am not familiar with
it otherwise—by the Senators from Wisconsin
and North Carolina. The officers of the Army
of the Revolution, as a matter of contract, were
entitled, under a law of Congress, to half pay '
for life. Subsequently, the proposition was made
by the Government to convert that half pay for
life into five years' full pay. Now, there cer-
tainly could be no obligation—though the hon-
orable Senator from Wisconsin states that they
were forced to accept this—on the part of the offi-
! cers to relinquish the half pay for life, and take
the five years' pay in lieu of it. Though the cer-
tificate was issued, the officer was not.obliged to
receive it. He might rest on the former law, and
claim the annual pension, if he considered it pref-
I erable as regarded his interests; but the probabil-
ities were, that five years'full pay, taking the ordi-
nary contingencies of life, would be a greater com-
pensation to the party than half pay fpr life; and,
therefore, those who saw fit, accepted the substi-
tute, and among others, as I understand, the per-
son in behalf of whose heirs the present bill is to
be passed was of that number. What, then, was
the contract of the Government? It was, by the
acceptance of the officer, to pay him five years 'full
pay; and then, not being in a condition to pay the
money, it issued a certificate bearing interest. If
that certificate had never been paid—I do not un-
derstand that it is denied in this case that it was
paid, with interest upon it, according to the contract
of the Government—there might be a gieat deal of
force in the argument on the other side. But you
are now asked, on the ground that the credit of
the Government at that time was low, and its se-
curities below par, and though, subsequently to
that, it has redeemed the certificates, and complied
with its contract, both as to principal and interest,
to make a gratuity, and allow interest upon it, as
if it was a matter of contract. It seems to me
that the duty of the Government cannot come
within any such obligations.
I fear the precedent which may be set in this ease.
You may take this step now, and we can scarce-
ly foretell the result with the vast number of claim
agents throughout the country, with the regularly
organized system into which they have got now,
of hunting up ail the stale claims when the lapse
of time has been so great that the memorial of the
events, and the question even of payment or non-
payment is a matter resting in doubt and uncer-
tainty. We all recollect the case brought forward
by the honorable Senator from Georgia, [Mr. Daw-
son,] at a former session, where a false claim was
set up by some as being heirs of the revolution-
ary officers, which was presented and paid at the
Treasury, and subsequently, at the last session of
Congress, we again allowed that claim to the right-
ful heirs. That shows the uncertainty of pay-
ments of this kind, founded on events, when the
