244
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 7,
1 give precedence to his business over that
of the constituents of other members. I ask the
unanimous consent .it' the House to take up Sen-
ate bill Xo. 409, tor the relief of an individual who
has no immediate representative. It is for the re-
lief of Colonel Benjamin S. Roberts. I would re-
mark, that if permission be granted to call up that
bill from the table, I will make no speech, but
content myself in having a short report read;
which report was made by the Hon. Mr. Berrien,
of Georgia, a conscientious man. I am tully per-
suaded that no one will object, when that report
is read, and that every member of the House will
vote for the bill. 1 therefore ask the unanimous
consent of the House to take up the bill. I will
never ask any other favor if this be granted; and
1 am sure that every member will congratulate
himself upon having an opportunity of doing jus-
tice to a most meritorious individual. I hope there
will be no objection to the motion.
Several Members objected.
Mr. BOWIE. I now renew my motion that
the House resolve itself into a Committee of the
Whole House on the Private Calendar.
Mr. HALL. I ask the Chair if there are not
severaf private bills from the Senate upon the
Speaker's table which have not been referred to
committees s
The SPEAKER. There are something like
one hundred.
Mr. HALL. Would it be in order to call up
those bills this morning—this being private bill
day?
The SPEAKER. It cannot supersede the prop-
osition of the gentleman from Maryland [Mr.
Bowie] to go into a Committee of the Whole
House.
Mr. HALL. If that be voted down, will it not
be in order to call tip these bills:
The SPEAKER. It will then be in order to
take up bills reported from Committees of the
Whole House at the last session.
APPROPRIATION BILLS.
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask the gentleman from
Maryland [Mr. Bowie] to waive Jiis motion, and
allow me to report the last one of the appropria-
tion bills which I am required, under the rules of
the House, to report within thirty days. To-mor-
row the thirty days will terminate.
Mr. STANLY. I have no objection that the I
committees shall be called for reports, when the
Committee on Ways and Means will have a
chance: but I object to setting aside the rules and
receiving reports out of order. If the committees
generally be called, the Committee on Ways and
Means will be soon reached in order.
Mr. HOUSTON. I hope, if my friend from
North Carolina [Mr. Staxly] will not help me
to^nake bills, that he will at least assist me to re-
port them.
Mr. STANLY. AH the letting is on that side
of the House; and if we do not adherf to the
rules, we shall get through with no public busi-
ness.
Mr. HOUSTON. The rules require me to
make this report, and I will ask the C'hair if I
cannot make it now:
Mr. HOWARD. What is the question?
The SPEAKER. A question of order, grow- :
ingout of the proposition made by the gentleman j
from Alabama [Mr. Hors-ros-] to report an appro- I
priation bill from the Committee on Ways and
Means. The gentleman from Alabama makes the
point that he has the right, under the rule requir- ,
ing appropriation bills to be reported within the
first thirty days of the session, to report the Navy 1
bill. The Chair must overrule the point of order.
The thirty days have gone by, and the gentleman !
cannot bring himself within the rules.
Mr. HOUSTON. I think that the Chair is
mistaken. From the day of the organization of :
the committee the thirty days have not expired
to-day; and therefore it brings me within the rules.
The rules require me to make this report to-day.
Mr. STUART. That does not give the gentle-
man from Alabama any right to report out of j
order. He has discharged his duty when he is !
ready to report, and if the House does not see fit to
receive the report, he is not at fault.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order made by the gentleman from Ala-
bama.
• Mr. HOUSTON. Then I suppose that the
objection will be entered upon the Journal, and
that I made a point of order.
The SPEAKER. That matter will not go upon
the Journal unless an np|*nl is taken.
Mr. STANLY. I have no objection to having
it entered upon the Journal that Mr. Stavly, a
member of the Committee on Ways and Aleans,
objected to the head of the committee reporting an
appropriation bill out ot order this day, and in-
sists upon his objection, as he has a right to do.
Mr. HOUSTON". I am perfectly willing for it
to go upon the record.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Bowie's
motion, and it was decided in the affirmative.
The House accordingly resolved itself into n
Committee of the Whole House on the Piivate
Calendar, (Mr. PtiEi.rs in the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN. This being objection day,
upon which the consideration of bills can be op-
posed by a single objection, the Clerk will pro-
ceed to read the bill's upon the calendar, com-
mencing with House bill No. 161.
BILLS PASSED IN COMMITTEE.
The following bills and resolutions, to which
there was no objection, coming up in their order
on the calendar, were considered, and ordered to
be laid aside to be reported to the House, with a
recommendation that they do pass, viz:
No. 161. A bill to provide for the payment of the
companies of Captains Bush, Price, and Suarez,
for military services in Florida.
No. 177. A bill for the relief of Elizabeth E.
Field. [This bill provides for the payment of a
pension to the widow of Captain Field, who was
killed at Monterey, on the 21st of September,
1646.]
No. 202. A bill for the relief of the widow and
orphan children of Colonel William R. McKee,
late of Lexington, Kentucky. [This bill provides
for the payment to Mrs. McKee of $1,200 for the
use of herself and children, and for granting one
Quarter section of land to each of her children.]
* Mr. BRECKINRIDGE moved to amend the
bill by striking out the word " five," before " chil-
dren," so that it would read " orphan children."
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment was agreed to.
No. 248. A bill for the relief of Captain Lewis
E. Simonds. [The bill directs the Secretary of the
Treasury to pay to Captain Simonds the sum of
<800, for expenses incurred in defending himself
against two suits brought against him for the
arrest and detention of the brig Casket, oil the
coast of Africa, on a charge of being engaged in
the slave trade in 184G, when he was in command
of the United States ship Marion. ]
No. 249. A bill for the relief of Harlow Spalding.
[The bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury to
pay to Spalding the usual compensation allowed
to naval store-keepers, at foreign ports, for ser-
vices rendered by them.]
No. 265. A bill for the relief of Joseph M. Wil-
coxon.
No. 272. A bill for the relief of John Ozias.
No. 275. A bill for thereliefof William J. Price.
[The bill confirms Price in his title to a certain
tract of land in Jackson county, Alabama.]
S. No. 50. An act for the relief of Sidney S. Al-
cott.
H. R. No. 278. A bill for the relief of Margaret
Baury. [The bill directs the Secretary of the In-
terior to place upon the roll of revolutionary pen-
sioners the name of Margaret Baury of Boston,
Massachusetts, widow of Louis Baury, who served
during the revolutionary war as captain of grena-
diers, at the rate of $600 per annum, commencing
on the 25th of June, 1850, and to continue during
her natural life.]
No. 279. A bill for the relief of Mary Pearson.
[The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place on the roll of revolutionary pensioners the
name of Mary Pearson, widow of Silas Pearson,
at the rate of £24 per month, to commence from
16th March, 1848.]
No. 243. A bill to surrender to the State of Ohio
the unfinished portion of the Cumberland road in
said State.
S. No. 130. An act for the relief of John T.
Sullivan. [The bill directs the Paymaster General
| to pay Sullivan for services rendered by him in
! folding, stitching, and binding certain copies of the
j laws and instructions to postmasters.]
| No. 296. A bill for the relief of John J. Sykes.
[The bill authorizes the payment to John J. Sykes
of clerk hire, rent, and salary as special agent of
the Post Office Department in California.]
J. R. No. 22. A joint resolution '"or the relief
of J. P. Converse. [The bill directs the payment
to J. P. Converse of the sum of ^636 98, as com-
pensation for his per diem services and traveling
and other expenses while acting as special agent
for the Post Office Department.]
No. 302. An act for the relief of the Michigan
Southern Railroad Company.
S. No. 217. An act for the relief of William Spei-
den.
No. 305. A bill for the relief of John Dearmit.
S. No. 206. A bill granting a pension to Mrs.
Elizabeth V. Lomax. [The bill provides that the
Secretary of the Interior be authorized and directed
to place the name of Elizabeth V. Lomax on the
pension roll at the rate of thirty dollars per month,
commencing March 27, 1842, and to continue du-
rine her natural life.]
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee, moved to amend,
by striking out the above provision, and substitu-
ting a provision that the Secretary of the Interior
pay to Elizabeth V. Lomax, one half the monthly
pay to which her husband was entitled at the time
of his death, to commence with the first day of
January, 1850, and to continue during the term of
five years.
The amendment was agreed to.
No. 317. A bill for the relief of Nathan H. Dar-
ling. [The bill provides that the Secretary of the
Interior be authorized and directed to pl ice the
name of Nathan H. Darling upon thelist of invalid
pensioners, at the rate of eight dollars per month,
to commence with the 5th day of April, 1842, and
continue during his natural life.]
No. 318. A bill forthereliefof Gilman Smith, of
Sycamore, in the State of Illinois. [The bill pro-
vides that the Secretary of the Interior he authorized
and directed to place the name of Gilman Smith
upon the list of invalid pensioners, at eight dollars
per month, to commence on the first day of Janu-
ary, 1852, and to continue during the term of his
natural life.]
J. R. No. 26. Joint resolution for the relief of
Thompson Barnet. [The resolution provides that
I the Postmaster General be authorized and required
1 to pay to Thompson Barnet the sum of $123 76,
for carrying the mail from Logansport, in the
State of Indiana, to "Winnamac, in the same
State, from July 1, 1842, to February 16, 1843.]
BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS PASSED
OVER INFORMALLY.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I will state to
the committee that there are several bills follow-
ing, of the merits of which I know nothing, but
which have been regularly reported here, with re-
ports accompanying them, but the gentlemen who
reported them have the reports in theirpossession,
where they cannot now be obtained. It is hardly
fair that the bills should come up and receive the
implied censure which an objection would give
them, for want of the proper information concern-
in": them, which cannot now be furnished. I
therefore ask that they may be passed over in-
formally, and come up some other time.
' There was no objection, and the following bills
i and .joint resolutions were accordingly informally
passed over:
No. 320. A bill for the relief of James H. Jen-
kins.
No. 321. A bill for the relief of John Frink.
J. R. No. 27. Joint resolution for the relief of
the legal representatives of Wade Allen, deceased;
and
J. R. No. 28. Joint resolution granting the peti-
tion of William, and Matthew Moss.
BILL TO BE REJECTED.
H.R.No.319. A bill for the relief of Samuel F.
Butterworth, came up next in order.
Mr. PENN. I will state, that in this case the
claim has been settled, and there is, therefore, no
need of any further action upon the case. I de-
sire to withdraw the papers in the case, and ask
that the bill may receive no further action.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will, state to
the gentleman from Louisiana, that the Committee
has no power to grant leave to withdraw the
papers, and that the bill must receive some action
from the committee.
I Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would suggest
I to the gentleman from Louisiana, that he move to
