1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
247
der, the Senator cannot proceed without unani-
mous consent. It" there be no objection he can
go on.
Mr. PEARCE. Mr. President, I perceive by
the debate upon that occasion, tiiat the Senator
from Louisiana [Mr. Down**] stated as follows:
•• I, <ir. a* welt a-: the Senator from Michigan, certainly
never understood the tr-atv ib that torin ; ami I think I may
venture to gouirther and -a\. tlutt no member ot the Sen-
ate mi understood it."
Ill another place he says:
'•There t- a s eat probability that Mr. Clayton acted in
thw nutvr on tii- • >« m .iiithonti, without consulting even
till' Pre-nlentur me Cabinet."
A nil the Senator asks why he did not consult
with the President and the Cabinet, or the Sem e,
" liet'ore adopting a construction which he ought
4 to have known would not be approved of. Asa
' proof ot" this, 1 would ask any impartial man on
• every .side of the Chamber, whether he would
' have voted lor the confirmation ot" the treaty if
4 such a construction had been given to it at the
4 time.-"
Now, sir, it is that inqniry to which I wish to
respond; and if I bad been here, I should have
said unhesitatingly that I would have voted for
the treaty, and that I did vote for the treaty with
tnat understanding; and the documents which have
been disclosed to the Senate since the debate in
question, have shown that 1 was not the only mem-
ber of the Senate who so understood the treaty.
I do not presume to speak for the Senate. I have
n i right to do so. Nor can I allude to what took
place in Executive session on that question, be-
cause I believe the injunction of secrecy has not
yet been removed. But I may say, for myself,
that I was among the many members of the Sen-
ate to whom the Secretary of State exhibited the
draft of the treaty before it was submitted to the
Senate; that I did then understand the objects of
the tieaty to be what the Secretary of State un-
derstood them to be, what the then chairman of
the Committee on Foreign Relations understood
them to be, and what I now understand them to be.
Sir, every member of t'ne Senate, at all familiar
with the history of the British possessions in Amer-
ica, must know that the English had acquired a !
foothold on the shores of Central America more
than a century ago. There is 110 mystery in this.
Our records of foreign treaties contain the evidence
of it. British histories are full of the actings and
doings of the British Government in consequence
of those treaties, or subsequent to them.
More than a hundred years ago the British set-
tlements in Honduras, and along the Mosquito1
shore, had been the subject of contest between the [
Governments of Spain and England. I
I believe, sir, the earliest valid treaty upon the
subject was made in 1763, by which the Spanish
Crown conceded to Great Britain the right of cut-
ting dye-woods on certain Spanish coasts and ter-
ritories, that is, between the rivers Rio Hondo
and Balize. In 1783, by the treaty of Versailles,
this privilege was further extended, and they were
allowed to cut mahogany, which was not included
in the permission granted by the treaty of 1763.
This permission applied to the district lying be-
tween the rivers Balize and Hondo. These limits,
with in which they were allowed to cut, were ex-
tended by the convention of 1786; and that con-
vention describes accurately the small islands or
" dependencies" of British Honduras, to which
the Senator from Michigan alluded, and which
term he thought might include all Central America,
thus reversing the principle by which the princi-
pal is always larger than 4he incident. The 17th
article of the treaty ot 1763 is in these words:
" Hi* Britannic Majesty shall cause to be demolished
all the fortifications which his subjects have erected in the
Bay n< Honduras, and other places in the territory nf Spain
in that part of the world, four months alter the ratification
of the present treaty; and In- Catholic Majesty shall not
|«rmit Sua Britannic Majesty'8 subjects in their work to be
disturbed or mole-ted under any pretense whatsoever in
"the -ajtf place*, in their occupation of cutting, loading, and
carrying away logwood; and for this purpose they may
build without hindrance, and occupy without interruption,
the houses and magazines necessary for them and their
families and for their effects."
This treaty, however, restricted Great Britain
to occupation for these purposes alone, as did the
subsequent treaty of 1783, with the exception that
the latter gave permission to cut mahogany. The
article of the convention of 1786, which applies to !
the islands and dependencies, is in these words:
" The English shall be permitted to occupy the small ! i
islands Known by the names ot" Casina, St. (Jeorge's Key,
or Cayo Ca>ina, in consideration of the circumstance of
that part ot' the coasts opposite to the said island being
looked upon as subject to dangerous disorders," &c.
It is very clear, Mr. President, I admit; and it
is well known to the Senate, that these treaties
gave to England a special permission for certain
limited purposes; that the authority which she had
was purely a commercial one; but there is no man-
ner of doubt that she did encroach on the rights
reserved by Spain, and did endeavor to secure to
herself a permanent settlement and jurisdiction
within and beyond those limits.
At various tunes after the convention of 1786,
hostilities took place between the British settlers
in Honduras and the Spanish authorities in Cen-
tral America. In 1798, a large expedition was
sent from Yucatan against the British settlements
in the Bay of Honduras, containing no less than
three thousand men; but it was repulsed by the
settlers at St. George's Key, (one of the islands
mentioned in the convention which I have read,)
and from that day down to a lale period partial
and occasional allegations have been made by the
British of a right by conquest. After the defeat
of this flotilla, the British settlements in the Bay
of Honduras flourished, and the Spanish author-
ities discontinued the visits they had been in the
habit of making to confine the settlers to cutting
woods.
The Spaniards had maintained their jurisdiction
pretty well until the close of the last century.
From the beginning of the present century they
seem to have lost sight entirely of all claim to these
countries which the British held in their posses-
sion, as described. After the Spanish monarchy
fell into disorder, on the invasion of Napoleon, they
seem to have taken still less interest in the progress
of British encroachment in these regions; and
when her colonies had thrown oft" her allegiance,
and set up independent governments, I presume
Spain ceased to care what construction Great Bri-
tain put upon the treaties, or what encroachments
she might make in extension of her posses-
sions thus acquired. Certain it is, that from that
time to the present, the British have been consoli-
dating their dominion, and have maintained it
against any supposed rights of the Central Amer-
ican States, and that they have claimed and ex-
ercised a complete jurisdiction over British Hon-
duras, these islands, and some other islands not
mentioned in the convention of 178G; and that,
too, without remonstrance, 1 believe, except on a
single occasion from the State of Nicaragua. That
remonstrance was in 1830.
In 1836, Sir George Grey, Colonial Secretary
of State, published an official declaration assuming
the authority of Great Britain overall this country,
which he described as extending " from the Rio
Hondo, on the north, to the river Santoon, on
the south," &c. Other proceedings, completely
evincing their determination to maintain the Brit-
ish dominion in British' Honduras and its depend-
encies, have occurred from time to time; and we
ourselves have, by the act of the Chief Magistrate
of this country, recognized British dominion in
that neighborhood, from which some Senators
seem to suppose the treaty of 1850 have expelled
them. In 1847, Mr. Polk appointed a consul to
reside at the Balize, and his exequatur was ob-
tained from the British Government, arid he con-
tinued to be consul at that place until he was re-
called by Mr. Clayton.
Now, sir, what were the objects of the Clayton-
Bulwer treaty of 1850 ? The treaty itself discloses
them in these words:
"The United States or America and Her Britannic Ma-
jesty being desirous of consolidating the relations of amity
winch so happily sub-ist between them, by setting forth
and fixing in a convention, their views and intentions with
reference to any means of communication, by ship canal,
which inay be con-trueied between the Atlantic and Pacific
oceans, by the way of the river San Juan de Nicaragua, or
either, or both of the lakes of Nicaragua or Managua, to
any port or place on the Pacific ocean," &c.
And it states that Plenipotentiaries were ap-
pointed " for the aforesaid purpose."
The object of this treaty, then, was not to expel
Great Britain 
Mr. DAVIS. What is the date of the ratifica-
tion of the treaty ?
Mr. CASS. The 4th of July, 1850.
Mr. PEARCE. The ratifications of the treaty
were exchanged on the 4th of July, and the proc-
lamation bears date on the same day. The sig-
nature of the treaty, however, was on the 19th ,
! day of April. On that day it was signed by the
respective Plenipotentiaries. 1 do not recollect the
precise day on which it was ratified by the Senate,
but it was not long subsequent to that period—in
May, I be'ieve.
Mr. MASON. The treaty was ratified by the
Senate on the 22d of May.
Mr. PEARCE. On the 24th day of April, five
days after the Plenipotentiaries had signed this
treaty, the Union newspaper of this city contained
the following paragraph:
•' Mr Hempstead w is indeed appointed a consul." (bv the
administration of Piesident Polk,)'< but not at Mosquito.
He was appointed Consul to Balize, some two or three
hundred mile- north of the Mosquito coast. It is the capi-
tal of a small Territory called British Honduras, which has
been in the possession ol the Hritish for nearlvtwo hundred
> ears. The possession of the English, although ongmally
an intrusion, was recognized by too Spnnisli monarch* in
their several treaties, in all of which the Hritish Govern-
ment solemnly relinquished all claim of soveieignty over,
or right of possession in, the other Spanish provinces of
Central America."
So then, sir, if this matter was not understood
by the members of the Senate, it was understood
by the organ of the administration of Mr. Polk,
who appointed that Consul to Balize—by the or-
g^n of that parly, many members of which now
seem to think the treaty had an entirely different
signification.
I do not suppose that there could be the slightest
difficulty upon the subject if it were not for the
use of the phrase " Central America," to which
the Senator from Michigan referred. But what is
Central America? Are we to understand by that
the countiy which, geographically considered, lies
between North and South America proper? If
so. Central America includes something more than
British Honduras. It would, for instance, include
Yucatan also. But, sir, when statesmen speak of
territorial divisions, they generally speak of them,
and in reference to treaties they always speak of
■ them (unless it be expressly understood to the
contrary) in a political sense. Then what is the
political division called Central America, for that
it is of which the treaty speaks ? Everybody
I knows very well what that is. Five governments,
i Guatemala, San Salvador, Nicaragua, Honduras,
I and Costa Rica constitute the political division
called Centra1 America; and that is the Central
America of which the treaty speaks. It was that
Central America to which the then chairman of
! the Committee on Foreign Relations must have
understood it to refer. It is that Central America
to which I certainly understood the treaty to re-
fer.
Now, sir, I admit we thought we were gaining
a great point by the ratification of this treaty.
Everybody knew that Great Biitain had assumed
a protectorate over what is called the Mosquito
1 coast. She had been pushing the claim of the
Mosquito Indians, and was disposed to carry it
beyond the river San Juan. A t the mouth of that
liver stands the town of San Juan de Nicaragua,
otherwisecalled Greytown, which I suppose com-
mands that river,—which commands the first link
in that great chain of inter-oceanic communication
which it was the design of this treaty to secure
from the power of either the United States of
America or any other great nation, and which it
was designed to make neutral territory as far as
possible. Therefore, when we succeeded in the
ratification of the treaty, I think we did succeed in
putting a stop to the progress of British encroach-
ments in that quarter, and guarded Costa Rica
and Nicaragua from the progress of British do-
minion. It was of no sort of importance, or at
least of very slight importance to the security of
that line of inter-oceanic communication that the
British should retain their power in British Hon-
duras., which lies on the north side of the bay, and
intervening between which and the river San Juan
lies not only the Mosquito shores, but also the
Central Anferican State of Honduras, north of
which it immediately is. Next to the Central
American State of Honduras proper come the
Mosquito shores, which run down to the river San
Juan. Therefore it is that I sav, the wresting the
possession of that from the British would not be
important in view of the great object sought to be
obtained by the treaty.
The Senator from Michigan [Mr. Cass] stated
the other day that he was authorized by Mr. King,
the then chairman of the Committee on Foreign
Relations, to state his view of this matter. Sir, I
have very great respect for Mr. King. I believe
