1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
249
ories of the complaining Senators are at fault, and ;
that neither the whole nor the chief object of
the convention was, as they now suppose they
then understood, to get the British out of Central
.imerica. The preamble declares its object to be
to "set forth and fix the views and intentions
1 of the two nations with reference to any means
• of communication by ship-canal which may be
' constructed between the Atlantic and Pacific
( oceans, by way ot the river San Juan de Mcura-
• gua, and ei;her or both the lakes of Nicaragua or
•Managua." This preamble, together with the
quotations from the convention before made, show
that the United States had a very different object
from that described bv the Senators, unless we
are to suppose tiiat the "United States had really in
view a partial, narrow, and selfish object; while
they held out to the other contracting party and to
[he world that they had in view a different, broad,
compreheiisiveand beneficent one; which of course
is not to be admitted.
Thirdly. 1 think the memories of the honorable
Senatois are at fault again, and that they did not
trhea approring the contention understand it to in-
clude all Central.Imerica, as they have now described
Ctntrul .hneiica. The region about the Isthmus
which divides Xorth and South America, is but
thinly settled by Europeans and their descendants,
and therefore, as yet, very imperfectly known in
Europe and in the United States, and there is an
ever-recurring confusion of names, as is apt to
happen in such cases. The name Central America
employed in the convention, has a double sense,
a geographical sense and a political one, and these
are widely different. America is divided geo-
graphically into North America, South America,
and Central America. Central America, geo-
graphically, is that part of this great continent
which lies between and connects North America
and South America together. The name is ap-
plied in this sense in the description quoted by the
Senator from Ohio, and so geographical Central
America does include not only Honduras and the
British coast, with the five central American States,
"but also the departments of Darien and Panama,
and Paraguayan New Granada, and the whole or
parts of six of the States of the United States of
Mexico.
Other geographers apply the name still more
broadly, and embrace all the regions extending
from latitude 7° north to latitude £6° north.
Mr. CHASE. If the Senator will allow me, I
will state that I read from a work of authority.
That English work describes Central America as
lying between two parallels of latitude. It did not !
assert that all the region between those two paral-
lels belonged to Central America, but named spe-
cifically those districts or territories which consti-
tuted the country so designated. And I said that ;
we had a right to believe, when the treaty was
before us, that the term " Central America," used
as it is used, included all over which either of the
contracting parties claimed, or might claim, any
jurisdiction. Of course I did not assert, nor mean
to assert, that Great Britain intended, simply, to
exclude herself from that portion of country over
which she had no jurisdiction, and I am sure the
Senator from New York does not mean to repre-
sent me as making such a statement.
Mr. SEWARD. I will read from the printed
speech of the honorable Senator from Ohio, to show
the opinion of the authority which he quoted.
The Senate will then judge whether he has cor-
rected me or himself. That Senator said:
" Sow. for the purpose of showing what the British au-
thorities iit that time conceived to be included within the
limits of Central America, I wish to read an extract from j
a work winch I have before me. It is Johnson's Gazetteer,
published in London in I3">1, a work of very high authority.
Itsiiesenpaon of Central America is in these words;
'"Oextral America is tlie long and comparatively
' narrow region between latitude 7 and 22° north, and lon-
'ritudc 7^J and 91* we«t, connectina the continents of
'North and South America, and composing, beside®, the
' Central American Confederation, Yucatan, part? of Mexi-
' eo and New Granada, Toyais, the Mosquito coast, and
' British Honduras.'
"That i-the description which an eminent British au-
thority f'urnishe* to ih of Central America. That is the
description which we had a right to believe was intended
by tbis treaty when it wa* presented to the Senate."
This is geographical Central America. But it
is laid down on other maps and described by other
geographers as extending from the 7th to the 26th
parallel of north latitude. That would embrace
not only the Isthmus of Tehuantepec, but the
capital of Mexico, the State* of Coahuila and >:
' Tamaulipas, and even a part of Texas, in our
own Republic.
On the other hand, the name of Central America
has a political sense, and means five States on the
Isthmus, lying between New Granada on the south
and Mexico on the north, which, under the names
of Costa Rica, Nicaragua, Salvador, Guatemala,
and Honduras, confederated themselves when they
became independent of Spain, and established a
republic called the Federal Republic of Central
America. In the convulsions of that region, that
union has been dissolved, but the name acquired
by it still hangs around those States, and they,
and they alone,are the States described politically,
in books, geographies, and otherwise, as the States
of Central America.
Now, did the convention use the name of Cen-
tral America in its geographical sense, or did they
use it in its political sense? Certainly in its polit-
ical sense.
For, 1st. If they used itin its geographical sense,
then it may as well be insisted that the conven-
tion embraces all between 7° and 26° of north lat-
itude, as that it embraces all between 7° and 22°
of north latitude, and this would be to make it
embrace a part of the United States, which would
be absurd.
2d. The geographical Central America, whether
broad or narrow, embraces the regions which con-
tain the three celebrated passes from ocean to
ocean, viz: Panama,Nicaragua, and Tehuantepec;
and if that be the sense in which the name Central
America is used in the convention, then the stipu-
lations are already made between the two nations
for the construction and maintenance of canals or
railway passages across all these routes. But the
convention, on the contrary, expressly confines its
care to the Nicaragua route, and postpones to a
future day the making of stipulations in regard to
the two other routes of Panama and Tehuantepec.
3d. The use of the term "Central American
States," in the sixth article, is equivalent to and
illustrates the meaning of the term Central Amer-
ica in the first article.
4th. The convention, in describing the territory
which is to be made neutral, names two of the
Central American States in the vicinity of the
canal, Nicaragua and Costa Rica, and then adds,
or any part of Central America, thus clearly im-
plying that it was political Central America that
was intended.
It was, then, not geographical, but political Cen-
•| tral America that was included in the convention,
I and so the honorable Senators must have under-
stood it when they approved it, unless we suppose
! them to have been so indifferently informed that
their opinions were of no value, which is not to
be supposed for a moment.
5th. I shall endeavor to convince those honor-
able Senators that their memories are still further
at fault, and that whenthey approved the convention, '•
they did not understand it to include British Honduras
or the Balize as its dependencies, which are the same.
Like " Central America," the name Honduras
also has a geographical sense and a political sense.
Geographical Honduras is all Honduras from
the borders of Salvador to the Caribbean Sea,
and includes Spanish Honduras and British Hon-
duras—just as the name Virginia long stood for the
whole Atlantic border, from Carolina to Canada;
but political Honduras is the ancient province or
intendency of Spanish Honduras, as it was when
it separated from Spain, and became the State of
Honduras, and entered that Federal Republic of
Central America; and as it came out of that Fede-
ral Republic on its dissolution, and as it has re-
mained hitherto, and is now the Stale of Honduras;
and that State, in every book or geography, and
on every map, in every atlas, is divided and sep-
arated from British Honduras just as plainly and
as broadly as Kentucky is divided from Virginia,
or Alabama from Georgia, while British Hondu-
ras is in every such book and atlas marked and
designated with the islands before mentioned as a
British colony; sometimes by the name of British
Honduras, and sometimes by the name of The
Balize.
• I know, indeed, that Spain to the last insisted
that Great Britain had only a partial and limited
ri£ht of occupancy, but I know also that Spain stil!
claims all Central America and all Mexico, and ail
South America, and even Texas. I know that the
State of Honduras set up the pretensions of Spain,
and still insists upon them. I do not say that they
are not just. I shall be glad if they prove so; but
I know also that Great Britain equally claims to
own British Honduras by absolute right, and that
although she has two or three times been occasion-
ally dispossessed in the varying fortunes of war,
she has so claimed it since 16G7, and has held it
undisturbed since 1783, the period of our own ac-
knowledged national independence. The Balize
is a British town of two thousand five hundred
people, and with its ad jacent territory has been a
colony near two hundred years,governed by British
authority and occupied by a British garrison. It is
ecclesiastically connected with the British diocsse
of.Tamaica.and from 1847 to 1850, the United States
maintained aconsul there, who, with their consent,
received his exequatur from theCourt ofSt, James.
In short, practically, the Balize is as much a British
town and British Honduras as much a British col-
ony, to the knowledge oftlie whole world, as due-
bee and Canada.
Now, who supposes that Great Britain intended
to renounce that town, post, and colony under the
vague and equivocal term of " any part of Cen-
tral America?" No one! Who supposes that
the United States stipulated for such a renuncia-
tion in terms so vague and uncertain? No one!
It is not so that Britain resigns, or the United
States take dominion. The terms " any part of
Central America," then, did not include British
Honduras, and so the honorable Senators must
have understood if they knew the politcal con-
dition of British Honduras as I have described
it. That condition was known here, for on the
10th of May, 1849, a Senator stated in debate
here, that four companies of British troops had
marched from the Balize into Yucatan, and that
this was the act of the colonial authorities of Great
Britain at the Balize; and he who made that state-
ment, was no other than the honorable Senator
from Michigan, [Mr. Cass.]
5th. But waiving, for argument's sake, all the
points thus far made, I shall next show that the
Senators were not ignorant of the construction offi-
cially given by Mr. Clayton to the convention until
the 6th of January, instant, token they proclaimed it
as a disclosure then obtained through the President's
communication.
The ratification was made on the 4th of July,
1850. On the 14th of that month the President
transmitted to Congress a communication, which
contained these words:
"A copy of the treaty concluded between Great Britain
and the United States in regard to Central America is here-
with submitted. Its engagements apply to all the five States
which formerly composed the republic of Central America
and their dependencies, of which the Island of Tigre was a
part. It dons not recognize, affirm, or deny the title of the
British settlement at Balize, which is by the coast more
than five hundred miles from the proposed canal at Nica-
ragua. The question of the British title to this district of
counhy, commonly called British Honduras, and the small
islands adjacent to it, claimed as its dependencies, stands
precisely as it stood before the treaty. No act of the late
President's administration has in any manner committed
this Government to the British title in that territory, or
any part of it."
This paper gave to the Senators, just two years,
five months, and twenty-two days ago, the same
information which surprises, shocks, and alarms
them now.
But, Mr. President, even this communication
was only a reiteration of the same information be-
fore given; for on the 8th day of July, 1850, the
following- official exposition appeared in the Na-
tional Intelligencer, together with the convention
then just officially promulgated:
" From the official publication in the preceding columns
our readers will learn that the ratifications of the treaty
between Great Britain and the United States, relative to
Centra] America, concluded between the Secretary of
State and the Right Hon. Sir Henry L. Bulwer, the nego-
tiator on each bide, were exchanged between the repre-
sentatives of the two Governments in this city on the
fourth of tins month ; and that the provisions of that treaty,
so far as they extend, are now the law of the land for both
countries.
" The leading object of the treaty appears to be the es-
tablishment of a ship-canal across the Isthmus which con-
nects North with South Amenca. under the Protectorate
not only of Great Britain and the United States, but of all
other nations which desire the right of passage through it
from ocean to ocean on the same equal terms.
" In reference to political advantages connected with that
treaty, it may be remarked that all the States of Central
America, comprehending the immense extent of country
from the Balize, commonly called the Bay of Honduras
down to the northern boundary of New Granada, is made
neutral territory. No Government entering into this*
treaty can occupy, colonize, fortify, or assume or exercise
any dominion over any part of the Mosquito coast, or an?
part of Central America, from the boundaries of the Bay o t
1 Honduras and Mezieo on the north to those of New Gra
