250
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 10,
nada on the south. The British Hit*? to tlie Bnlise the
treat* d H"  not in arn manner reoognue; nor dov\ it d ny
it, or mmh'IK with ir T\-it s e ttlanen t i emu i h n , i n tt
yntfu ti!ui\ a•> it si oop prkvioi^i y to thk l'rv *ty. "
Sena'ors who accuse Secretaries of stupidity,
or suppression and tViud, cannot be allowed to
plead iiTii'Tance of official expositions in the official
joui'iiais.
Sixthly, and lastly, I shall attempt to convince
the Seniors that they, and the Senate, did under-
sta'ui that the convention did not include British lion-
diPrtv ichm the\i approved it.
Mr. K m?, of Alabama, was chairman of the
Committee on Foreign Relations, and the proper
medium of communication between the Senate
and the Secretary of State. The Senator from
Miehiijte tells us that Mr. Kini: has stated to him
that 14 after the quasi ratification came from Eng-
land, on the :29th of June, he had an interview
with Mr. Clayton, who desired to know whether
the tre.ity ou^ht to be sent back to the Senate for
its action, on that conditional ratification. The
only reason for sending: it back to the Senate, was
that the Senate might have not understood the
convention as not including British Honduras,
and so mi?ht object to the ratification of it, as
thus explained by the negotiators. The corre-
spondence between Mr. Clayton and Mr. King
tells the result:
JULY 4, 1850..
Dear Sir : F am thi« mornin? writing to Sir H. L. Bul-
wer, and while about to decline altering the treaty at the
tune or* exchanging ratifications, I wish to leave no room
for ;i ch.arje of' duplicity against our Government, such as
that we now pretend that Central America in the treaty in-
cludes British Honduras.
I shall therefore say to him, in effect, that such construc
tion was not in the contemplation of the negotiators or the
Senate at the time of confirmation. .May I have your por-
misMon to add that the true understanding was explained by
you as chairman of Foreign Relations, to the Senate, before
the vote was taken on the treaty ? I think it due to frank-
ness on our parT.
Very truly, \ours, JOHN M. CLAYTON.
To Hon. YV. R. King, U. S. Senate
Jcly 4, 1850.
My dear Sir: The Senate perfectly understood that fhe
treaty >ixd not include British Hontfurai. Frankness be
comes our Government; but vou should be careful not to
u-e any expression which would seem to recognize the right
or* E'ifland to any portion of Honduras.
FaulituliV yourobedient servant, W. R. KING.
To Hon. John M. Clayton, Secretary of State.
So the proper organ of the Senate reported that
they perfectly understood that the convention did
not include British Honduras. The accusing Sen-
ators will not impeach the chairman, and if they
do, 1 shall not go wiih them. I respect and honor
that distinguished man—nay, sir, 1 love him. 1
have received injuries, many of them here. The
memory of them died in the hour in which they
were committed. But I have received kindnesses,
benefits too, and many of these were received at
the hands of William R. King. Not one of these
shall perish in my memory until I give an account
of them to his Creator and mine. And now,
since those honorable Senators have so broadly
assumed to speak for us all, they will not now
deny that they did not know what we all " per-
fectly understood."
Just what Mr. King advised was done by the
Secretary. He took effectual care not to use any
expression which should seem to recognize the
right of England to the portion of Honduras—that
is, to British Honduras—which she possessed.
That right remains just as it was before. Good
or bad, it is not made worse or better by the treaty.
As to the Bay of Islands, if it was in fact a de-
pendency of British Honduras on the 4th of July,
1850, then the formation of a colony there is not a
violation of the convention. If it was not then in
fact a dependency, then that transaction is a vio-
lation of the treaty. But in either case it has
nothing to do with the present question.
The Senator from Louisiana, [Mr. Downs,] in
the very wantonness of censure, has supposed that
not only the Senate but the late President, General
Taylor, was kept in ignorance of the conditions of
ratification, and this upon the ground merely that
General Taylor sickened on the 4th, and died on
the 9th of July. But the Committee on Foreign
Relations now appear to have known those condi-
tions on the 29th of June, and the President may
be presumed to have been intrusted by the Secre-
tary with a fact that was officially communicated
to the Senate. Whatever else might have been
the errors or misfortunes of that Administration,
want of mutual confidence between the Secretary
of State and his distinguished Chief was not one of |
them. They stood together lii inly, undivided, and 1
inseparable to the last.
Storms of factions from within their own party,
and from without, beset tlieni, and combinations
and coalitions, in and out of Congress, assailed
them with a degree of violence that no other Ad-
ministration hasever encountered. Butthey never
yielded and never faltered for an hour. They
went on firmly and firmly united together in their
great work of consolidating the then new ly ex-
tended Republic, upon the foundations of universal
liberty, and establishing its continental power on
the foundations of commercial interests and repub-
lican systems. The Administration which they
conducted was beaten down not by human hands,
nor by human words, nor by human votes; but it
went down only under a providential visitation, that
if it had happened on tlie field of Monterey or at ,
Buena Visia, would have either forever lost or 11
long postponed the extension of our borders to
the shores of the Pacific oc ean. Those who have
profited by political changes, consequent on that
sad event, may listen unmoved to the censures
which for two years past have howled, and still are
howling equally around the Secretary of State in
his retirement, and over the veteran and war-ex-
hausted President in his grave. Let me, on the
other hand, who had some humble portion of their
confidence, and knew their fidelity to each other
and to their country, perform, though it may be
alone, the duty of vindicating them against the
clamors of prejudice and error.
And let me say to the Senator from Louisiana,
and to the Senator from Ohio, and even to the
Senator from Michigan, that, long as their ca-
reers respectively may be protracted, even, as I
hope they may, to the ends of natural lives, in
ripened age, and true and devoted as I know
they are, yet that it will he happy for them, and
for us all, if even then they shall have established
claims upon the affection of their country, and the
gratitude of mankind, equal to those which were
perfected in that Administration, (broken off in its
seventeenth month,) but wisely conducted for that
short period by John M. Clayton, the venerable
statesman of Delaware, and presided over by
Zacliary Taylor, the hero who indicated and
opened the way of the American armies to the
conquest of Mexico.
Mr. MASON. This subject is one not only
possessing intrinsic importance, but it is important
on account of the matters incidentally connected :
with it. It has been sprung upon us suddenly
this morning. I suppose it will not be desirable
for the Senate to continue it now ; I therefore
move that the orders of the day be taken up, with
the understanding that this subject will be taken
up again in the morning hour to-morrow.
Mr. CASS. I havealready spoken to the hon-
orable Senator from Maryland, who has no wish
personally that we should go on with this debate
to-day, but he is willing to let it go over until to-
morrow. There are some personal matters, how-
ever, about which I wish to say a few words, and I
hope the honorable Senator will withdraw his mo-
tion.
Mr. MASON. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. CASS. I would ask the indulgence of the
Senate to lay over other business, simply on the
ground that a good deal has been said, and some
misapprehension fallen into on some of these points;
and 1 think, therefore, that the antidote should go
out with the bane.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Mangdm
in the chair.) This subject has not yet been dis-
posed of, and the Senator can proceed.
Mr. CASS. I have no sort of idea of follow-
ing the Senator from New York in this discussion.
He has pronounced an elegy or eulogy upon a
preceding Administration—I do not know which
you may be pleased to call it—but certainly with
a great deal of warmth and zeal. I have nothing
to do with that, but leave it for those who sup-
ported that Administration. But what I do want '
to say is this: The Senator from New York
modestly says he will convince me, among others,
that we did remember what we said we did not
remember. The Senator from New York had
no right to say any such thing, because he gets
himself into difficulty. He has said what is not
the fact. I do distinctly remember that I did not
undertand that treaty as the Senator supposes I
did, and no man has any right to deny that. I |
not only remember that, but there are Senators
aiound me who remember distinctly what was
said at the lime. The Senator has no right either
directly or indirectly, by his own assertion, or by
any process of argument, or by alluding to docu-
ments, which we never heard of till to-day, to say
that 1 did know that that treaty did not include
what upon the face of it, it did include. We do not
read every document which comes here; no mem-
ber does it. After the treaty was ratified, I dis-
missed it from my mmd, till the strange conduct
in that quarter excited some feelings in my mind,
as it did in the minds of the American people; and
I began then to look into it. When I did so, and
the subject was more distinctly brought before us,
I found that great encroachments were making by
the British Government. We all know that it is
a historical fact, that England is disposed to make
such encroachments. Then when 1 came to ex-
amine the subject, 1 looked back to the circum-
stances of the treaty. I did not come here to ar-
raign Mr. Clayton, and there is not a word in the
speech which I made the other day which does it.
W hat I said was, that it was a strange diplomatic
procedure. I say so now, notwithstanding the
allusion of the Senator from New York to the
treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo. Here was a treaty,
the negotiatior of which, he says, did not mean
what we intended it should mean. That is the
point. It was a treaty in which the negotiator
said we employed the term Central America, but
that we did not mean Central America. We have
said t^iat if the American Senate, or the American
people knew anything upon the subject, the treaty
spread before the world did not convey that im-
pression, notwithstanding the negotiator intended
to convey it. Now, I say that it is not only a very
strange diplomatic proceeding, but a very improper
proceeding.
But, Mr. President, let me ask the Senator one
question. If "Central America," as the term
was used, meant only a portion of it, why did it
not say so ? Why did it not say " the Slates of
Central America?" It uses the geographical term.
If you were to conclude a treaty with Germany"
would not diplomatists subsequently construe it
to include the whole of Germany, and not include
some of the States and exclude others? Or if you
describeltaly, would you exclude Milan, or Naples,
or Rome ? No; it would be a fraud upon the face
of the paper, a fraud before the American people.
I do not say a fraud was designed in this case,
but I speak of the operation of such a construction.
The term Central America is used; and I repeat
the question, if it was not intended to embrace
the whole, but to exclude some particular portion
of it, why did it not say so? Why was not that
done" neither affirming nor denying, "in the terms
of this quasi negotiation, the claims of England to
any portion of it? Nothing like that was done.
The treaty was perfectly general in its operation.
When 1 saw the letter of Mr. Clayton to Mr.
Bulwer it excited my surprise. I repeat it, I was
very much surprised. My object then was to
ascertain what were the facts in relation to the
matter, not for myself, for I understood the matter
perfectly; I knew what the meaning of the treaty
was, and I knew what the gentlemen around me
said. I will repeat what the Senator from Wis-
consin has reminded me of this morning, and which
I recollect now, that he has called my attention
to it, perfectly well, and others around me will
recollect the same thing. I said when the treaty
was before us, in honor of Mr. Clayton, the ne-
gotiator of it, that he deserved credit for the man-
ner in which it was negotiated, for it was the first
time that Great Britain had given up any territory
which she had occupied, unless compelled to do
it by the sword.
Mr. WALKER. If the Senator will allow me,
I think I can give nearly the exact words which
he then made lAe of. He spoke in very compli-
mentary terms of the then Secretary of State for
the position he had taken, and he remarked that
it was the first time in the history of Great. Britain,
that she had given up territory without a struggle.
I recollect that distinctly, and t presume others do.
Mr. CASS. I am much obliged to the honor-
able Senator. I recollected perfectly my impres-
sion. I say that upon that route—I do not say
within a mile of it; the honorable Senator from
New York is confining it to one particular point,
and so in some measure did the honorable Senator
from Maryland—I do not say within a mile, or
