1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
251
ten miles, but I do say this, that the islands of the
Bay of Honduras are \astlv important as com-
mercial ami naval stations, and in the possession
ot' Great Britain will do us a vast deal of injury.
Willi respect to commanding the route, your
power extends so far as a gun may reach. We
all know that the route is within three marine
miles, over which you calculate a gun may reach.
But it is the effect'which the stations may have
in interrupting: our communication, which makes
this subject important. That is what I intended
to sweep off; and therefore the whole of Central
America, for that purpose, was included in the
treaty.
Now, what motive could I have—I speak for
mvseifaiorie—in agreeing to that treaty, in allow-
ing Gieat Britain to join us in a question respect-
ing this continent, except that it would be possible
to eti'ect without difficulty, what we might not
otherwise have been able to effect without war?
1 theief'ore was willing to forego an important
principle with me, to have no arrangement with
anv foreign Power with regard to the matter, be-
cause I thought that the treaty swept otf every
British foot from the continent in that section of
North America, and 1 had a right to think so. I
saw the term Central America upon the face of
the treaty—not •' political Central America," not
'•Central America"excluding British possessions
or claims, and confining it to one or the other;
but the general term designating that district of
country, which the Senator from New York says
would, according to some geographers or gazet-
teers, extend it to Mexico; or according to others,
it would ex'end to portions of the United Slates.
That would not affect the treaty one way or the
other; but would exclude Great Britain from whal-
er er section was included in Central America.
We ali know what the intention and object of the
treaty was. It was to preserve that portion of the
continent untouched by either Power, so as to
leave the great channel of intercourse between the
Atlantic and Pacific oceans unshackled, for the
benefit of the whole world. That was the object.
I say that Colonel King never used language
conveying an impression with regard to that
treaty different from that which was made upon
me. Colonel King, we all know, is low, much
lower to-day than he was when I called on him
last Thursday, but I found him then capable of
sitting up, with the Intelligencer upon his table,
from which he was reading upon this subject. I
sat down and conversed with him, and I will re-
peat now what he said to me then. I may not
use the precise language which he did; but the
particular ideas and the general impression made
upon my mind areclear, that the only claim which
he understood to be connected with British inter-
ests there, was precisely the same as that which
the Senator from Maryland has referred to, the
claim to the right to cut logwood—an undefined
right, as I think the Senator from New York has
sat'!—an undefined, unknown right; and I will
repeit here that Colonel King never did suppose,
unless I greatly misunderstood him, that the treaty
authorized the British to establish a permanent
colony there.
With respect to the letter which Mr. Clayton
has published, I am not disposed to deny that he
did receive such a note. He is an honorable man,
and would not make such an assertion unless it
was true. With respect to the communication, I
have no more to say, except to repeat the same idea
which was, I am certain, in my own mind. Colonel
King's difficulty was with respect to that right.
And when this qua.n treaty came to be ratified, he
said to Mr. Clayton spe ifically, Send it back, it
will never be confirmed, because it practically rec-
ognizes the whole claim. All we ever intended
to express was the recognition of the right to cut
logwood, without knowing how far that would
extend.
One or two more words, and I have done with
the matter, so far as regards myself. I repeat
here, in my seat, that during the progress of the
treaty, I gave, as a distinct reason for voting for
it, that it swept away every British claim to terri-
tory on that portion of the continent. I repeat
now, as I said before, that we had every reason to
believe it, because the treaty on its face said so.
If the treaty did not mean that, I ask, as between
practical men, acting for the country, why did it
not <>ay so? Can any man give a reason why, if
it did not include British Honduras, politically I
or geographically, it did not say so? None at
all.
With respect to the word " dependencies," what
I said was this, thatthe word "dependencies" used
in the papers, allowed the utmost latitude to the
arts of diplomacy. That was my expression. 1
thought it was too unsettled a term, because, as
used in Mr. Bulwer's note, it is not " the depend-
encies of the Island," as it is in Mr. Clayton's
answer, but it is perfectly undefined andunkuown,
and may, for aught we know, be extended almost
indefinitely; 1 do not presume to say how far.
In regard to the appointment of the consul, I
do not understand that the appointment of a con-
sul, or commercial agent to a country—I have not
looked into thesubject lately, 1 am speaking, there-
fore, from my impression—operates as a recogni-
tion of the independence of the State to which the
appointment is made. It is not like the appoint-
ment of a diplomatic agent, who carries with him
the declaration, on the part of the Government,
that "you are among the independent families of
nations." The appointment of a consul, if 1 un-
drrstand the true principle, is, that it does not carry
with it an acknowledgment of the independence of
the State.
In justice to Mr. Clayton, I repeat, that during
the negotiation more than once he conversed with
me upon the subject. I believe, as 1 before stated,
he showed me the draft of the treaty. I approved
it then in conversation with him. I approved it
here in the discussion, and I approved it by my
vote, and I approve it now just as I did then, if
the treaty upon the face of it was intended to be
what the American people supposed it was.
Now, before we have done with this matter, the
honorable Senator from New York will find that
all his suggestions and insinuations as to the be-
lief and knowleege of Senators will be dissolved
in air. He will find that the honorable Senator
from Louisiana will make a statement that will
enlighten the Senate and the country.
Mr. DAVIS. I desire to submit the following
resolution in connection with this subject, asking
for some other dispatches in regard to it:
Resolved, That the President be requeued to communi-
cate to the Senate, if not incompatible with the public in-
terest, the correspondence between the Hon. Abbott Law
rence and Lord Palmerston, or the Government of the
United Slates, relative to Central America; and also any
other correspondence which relates to the claims of Great
•Britain to the Mosquito coast, or to any portion of the ter-
I ntory of Honduras or Vucatan.
! The PRESIDING OFFICER. Byunanimous
consent it will be received and considered at this
time.
No objection was made.
Mr. PEARCE. I would ask the Senator if he
is sure that that correspondence has not already
been communicated to the Senate?
Mr. DAVIS. It never has. I wish to obtain
it.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. DOWNS. Mr. President, this debate has
been sprung upon us very unexpectedly this morn-
ing by the honorable Senator from Maryland.
He, and the honorable Senator from New York,
seem to have given the wholesubject a very search-
ing inquiry, which 1 have not given it. I shall not
attempt to go into an elaborate argument as they
have done; and there is a very good reason why
I should not. I have not looked into the subject.
I have not the means or facilities of arming myself
with British authorities, or British rights and
British claims, to which they seem to have had
access. But, sir, I stand here, as I shall on all
occasions, to maintain the position which I have
taken on this subject, and to vindicate it. I re-
joice to say, that notwithstanding the researches
and the labor bestowed upon this subject, by two
of the ablest champions of the Whig party, on this
floor, it is perfectly easy for the most humble in-
dividual, as I am, on the other side, to refute it.
The honorable Senator from New York, in the
high-sounding notes of his eloquence, lias pro-
nounced the assertion that I made, that in all prob-
ability the understanding between the British Min-
ister and Mr. Clayton, was not communicated to
the President of the United States, as a wanton
assault. I repel the assertion. I did not state it
as a fact, but I suggested it as an inference from
the circumstances of the case, and I leave it, to the
Senate and to the people, whether the inference
was a natural one.
Mr. SEWARD. I have no desire to be mis-
j understood. What I said was " wantonness of
censure," not assault; but I do not know that it is
material.
Mr. DOWNS. 1 understood the honorable
Senator to say that the allusion which 1 had made
was a wanton assault on the Secretary of State. I
made no assault at all. I stated no fact. 1 sug-
gested what was very probable from the circum-
stances of the case—the sickness and death of the
President. And with all the research of both the
gentlemen, with all the knowledge which they
seem to have on this subject, neither of them has
ventured to assert that this identical fact was ever
communicated to the President. The honorable
Senator from Maryland did say that it was com-
municated to the Cabinet. But 1 did not state it
as a fact. I gave it as a mere suggestion from the
circumstances, about which everybody could judge
for themselves.
Bilt, Mr. President, while the Senator from
New York is so anxious to charge another Sena-
tor with a wanton attack, he should have been
very careful not to hurl back an assertion upon
Senators here, which was full of wantonness. He
has done that; he did it in this way: He said that
the fact of this communication between the Brtitish
Minister and the Secretary of State was known to
the Senate. I deny it. We all deny it. Will the
Senator now state in his place that the fact was
communicated to him as a Senator? The Senator
did not state it, and 1 doubt whether he can.
Mr. SEWARD. As the Senator appeals to me,
I wish to say that I relied upon the letter of Col-
onel King, which said that the Senale knew it.
1 do not offer myself as a witness upon the point
that the Senate was informed upon the subject. I
only say for myself that I knew of the construc-
tion given to the treaty in the correspondence al-
luded to.
Mr. DOWNS. Whatever the Senator may
have known, his recollection seems to have been
very suddenly refreshed on thesubject, for on the
other day when I addreesed a few words to the
, Senate, 1 suggested that no Senator understood
that to be the construction of the treaty.
| Mr. SEWARD. The Senator will allow me
to say that when he sat down I rose to obtain the
! floor, but was interrupted by the Senator from Cal-
ifornia, who moved that the Senate adjourn; and
I have not had an opportunity since that time until
this morning to say anything upon the subject.
Mr. DOWNS. I am sorry that I am so often
interrupted in my remarks by the Senator. But
the only thing on which the honorable Senator
rests his conclusion that the Senate must have
j known the fact of this correspondence, was that
some documents were at some time or other sent to
Congress, which intimated something of the kind.
Surely the Senator does not pretend to say that
every document sent here is at all times in the
mind of every Senator. How many of the im-
mense volumes of documents which are sent here
do we ever read at all? We are less likely to see and
know them here than we are elsewhere. Senators
have something else to do besides conning over
the documents which Mr. Clayton or Mr. Any-
body-else may send here, to inquire into every
minute matter of information which they may con-
tain. Therefore, whatever documents may have
been sent in, or whatever allusion may have been
made to the subject, after the Senate had no longer
any power over it, when the attention of Senators
was not called to it, has no effect against what I said
the other day. There is as little foundation for
the supposition, or for conveying the idea to the
country, that because the fact was communicated
to Colonel King, therefore it was communicated
to the Senate. There was no occasion for Colonel
King communicating it to the Senate. The treaty
was not then before the Senate. It had been rati-
fied, had been sent to Europe, and had come back
for the exchange of ratification long after the
treaty was before the Senate, and we had no
longer anything to do with it.
This question was raised by the British Minister
| when the treaty was not before the Senate. Colo-
nel King could not then bring it before the Senate.
Nobody but the President could do it. It there-
i fore was not for Colonel King to run around and
tell every Senator about it, and I presume he did
not. Therefore I think the whole argument of
the Senator to show that it was known to the Sen-
I ate, rests on no solid foundation. Of the great
j body of Senators, every one except the Senator
