252
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 10,
himself, I presume, was unaware that any such
understanding as this did exist. There are many
Sena'ors here now who were here then, and since
the gentleman seems to have such peculiar knowl-
edge, f ca'i upon every such Senator to state if
he, iit that time, knew of this correspondence. If
thev dui, I was perhaps in error, but if there was
noho ly but the Senator himself who knew that
fact, 1 mav still maintain my position, and I had
aright to express the astonishment winch I feltat
the construction given by Mr. Clayto'i to the
treaty.
The Senator from Maryland,and the Senator
from New York, have taken a very strange course
to prove that the construction which we pl.iee
upon the treaty is an erroneous one: and that is,
that the British Government at som? time or other,
did have some sort of a claim to cut timber or do
something else in Central America. Who ever
denied that5 I never did. So they claimed a
right to a portion of Oregon; and they claimed
certain rights on the Mosquito coast; bat hy the
treaty of Washington they gave up the one, and
bv this treaty they gave up the other: and I would
ask the gentlemen to say why they could not,
just as we!'. hnv3 given up their right to British
Honduras, as they did in the treaty of Washing-
ton their ri'lit to Oregon, or in tip's tre-.ty. their
right tn the Mosquito coast! Therefore prove
what vou please about the British right, I care
not what it was, if they gave that right up they
h-td a right to do it, and that is the question before
us. T contend that they did give it up. T con-
tend that it was so understood by the Senate
and by the country.
But, Mr. President, the honorable Senator from
New York has discovered something connected
with this treaty which he thinks is conclusive that
it had nothing to do with Central America at all;
and that is, that in the preamble which he read, it
is stated that the object of the treaty was to negotiate
about a passage through the isthmus. Now, Mr.
President, I did not know before that in a treaty
or bill, especially if there are other provisions in
the bill or treaty, that the preamble is to bind us.
But if the gentleman had read, not the whole of
the treaty, but the very first article, he would have
found that there was a great deal in the treaty be-
sides the negotiation in regard to the passage
through the Isthmus. I will read that portion
which both the gentlemen, with all their research,
took good care not to read. The first article of the
treaty is as follows:
" The Governments of the United States and Great Bri-
tain Hereby declare, that neither the one nor the other will
ever obtain or maintain foritself, anyexclu-ive control over
the r.aid ship-cannl; agreeing that neither will ever crect or
maintain any fortifications commanding the same, or in the
vicinity thereof, or occupy, or fortify, or colonize, or assume,
or exercise any dominion over Nicaragua, Co*ta Rica, the
Mo=qnito cca-t, or any part of Central America ; nor will
either mike u^e of any protection which either affords or
may afford, or any alliance which either has or may have,
to or with any State or people, f >r the purpose of erecting
or maintaining any such fortifications, or of occupying,
fortify in;, or colonizing Nicaragua, Costa Rica, the Mos-
quito coast, or any part of Central America, or of as
suming or exercising dominion over the same ; rior will the
United States or Great Britain take advantage of anyinti
macv, or u-e anv alliance, connection, or influence that
either may p with any State or Government through
whose territory the said canal may pass, for the purpose of
acquiring or holding, directly or indirectly, for the citizens
or the subjects of the one, any rights or advantages in re
g'irfl to commerce or navigation through the said canal
which shall not be offered on the same terms to the citizens
or subjects of the other."
The Senator from Maryland has enumerated
these different minor States, which he says are
embraced in Central America, and has contended
the treaty did apply to them only. But here these
States are enumerated,and then thegeneral words,
"any part of Central America," are added. Is
not that broad enough to cover the whole, includ-
ing British Honduras, especially when it is by
British authority, as quoted by the honorable
Senator from Ohio the other day, included in the
term Central America? I would ask the gentle-
man to explain what is meant by the words " any
part of Central America," in enumerating several
States, if it wtis not to apply to these several pos-
sessions ; That was the natural inference from
those words. We must understand language as
the world generally understands it. I shall not go
into a minute analysis of what is meant by polit-
ical or geographical Central America, or anything '
of that kind. I take the plain import of the lan*
guage and ask, was not the construction of the
world and the Senate, and of all parties, at the
time, that these words were intended to embrace
the whole of Central America, including British |
Honduras' I always supposed that they had 1
some meaning in them, mid were intended to have
some meaning; otherwise the great object of the
treaty was lost.
I know that memory is fallible, and that I am
as liable as any man to be mistaken in the recol-
lection of facts. But the circumstances under
which this treaty was made were brought into my
mind in such a way as to impress them peculiarly
upon my nnnd. The treaty was not communi-
cated to'me for the first time after it was formed:
but when it was under negotiation, Mr. Clayton
himself brought the iirojet of it, with all his maps
and his explanations, and showed it to me, as he
did to many other Senators, as he wished to be
assured that everything was right. It was natu-
ral, perhaps. There was a Democratic majority
in the Senate. He knew that we were more care- (
ftil than the Wings on any question relating to
territory; and it was natural that he should con-
sult the Democratic members of the Senate in re-
gard to the treaty. I was consulted before the
treaty was signed. Some suggestions were made;
and 1 recollect distinctly now, as I stated the other
day, that in regard to the expression " Central
America," the question with me was whether it
did embrace all. I do not intend to give the pre-
cise words that passed between us, but 1 recollect
distinctly that my mind was satisfied on that sub-
ject. Let the gentlemen, then, not take the pre-
amble, but let them take the treaty and look at it,
and I think that justifies me in the expression of
astonishment which I made the other day in re-
gard to the construction of the treaty.
Mr. PEARCE. I was one of those who did
not hear the remarks made by the Senator from
Louisiana the other day. My only knowledge of
them is derived from the newspapers. I found
in them the report of his speech, and in that re-
port, referring to the letters of Mr. Clayton and
Air. Bulwer, he said:
By examining it they will see that there is a very great
probability that.Mr. Clayton acted in tins matter on his own i
authority, without consulting even the President or tile !
Cabinet." i|
And then I found that, assuming as a fact what jj
before he had only inferred, he said, "why did he !
r.ot consult with the President?" In answer to
that assumption of the Senator, I stated I was au-
thorized to say he had conferred with the Presi-
dentand with the Cabinet: and I might have added,
as I do now, that Mr. Clayton informs me that
his course had the approval of every one of them.
That is derived from no British authority. What
the Senator meant by British authorities to which
I have access more than himself, I know not. I
have no intercourse with Britirh authorities; nor
even the honor of an acquaintance with 'iie British
Minister. But I know what authorities I have
had access to, and they are just such as that Sen-
ator might have referred to, if'it had been his pleas-
tire to consult the Congressional Library. They ;
are documents published by the Government; vol-
umes of the statutes; the publications of the day; i
official letters communicated to Congress by
the President, and works of standard authority, ;
whether printed in England or el sewhere. Sir, I ''
do not know that I have any more affection for j
"British authorities," or for the British Govern- 1
ment, than any other Senator in this body. Per- 1
haps, indeed, I have as much reason as any one
else for a bitter prejudice against Britain and the
British. I need not allude further to my persona! ,
history for the purpose of enforcing this remark.
But I will say that I have no other feelings than
those of a loyal American, and that I yield to no
Sei.ator in the purity and fervor of my devotion
to my country.
It is very true that I did not rend the section of
the treaty to which the Senator from Louisiana
has referred, but I believe it was read by the Sen- '
ator from New York. It was unnecessary for rae '
to read it, because I alluded distinctly to thatvery
language upon which the Senator basis his argu-
ment, and I undertook to show that it.« meaning
is different from that which be gives to it. I sup-
pose, in all diplomatic negotiations, in all political j
controversies, when we speak of the divisions of :
the earth we speak of political divisions, unless
something appears to the contrary. I said that
there was a political division called Central Amer-
ica which had been a united Federal Government,
under that title, which included the five States
which I enumerated, and I stated that it was to
that Central America that the treaty referred, and
only to that. I certainly neversupposed at the time
the treaty was ratified, that the object was to expel
the British from any possessions which they had
in America. I do not pretend to sit in judgment
upon those who thought otherwise. Every Sena-
tor is welcome to think as he pleases. The Senator
from Louisiana avows his recollection without any
responsibility to me, as I avow mine without any .
responsibility to him. But I believe that the ar-
gument is with nie—that political Central Amer-
ica is that which was meant; and that this view is
confirmed by the enumeration of the two subdivis-
ions of that political arrangement mentioned in
the first article.
The Senator from Michigan referred, by way
of illustration, to Germany and the German Em-
pire. But I do not know that there is any differ-
ence between the boundaries of Germany and the
German Empire. The political divisions of the
German Empire, about forty in number, form all
Germany geographically considered.
The case supposed is not at all para'lel with that
of Central America. And so Italy; though geo-
graphically one country, is not so politically, being
divided into several States and Kingdoms in nowise
connected by alliance or political association. So
that we could not speak of Italy as a political or-
ganization, nor make the comparison which the
Senator endeavored to force into his argument.
But, sir, the Senator spoke of the treaties by
which we settled disputes in Oregon, and also on
the northeastern frontier. We were contestants
there. Both the United States and Great Britain
were claiming the same territory; in the one case,
on the northeastern, and in the other, on the north-
western frontier. We were parties in the disputes,
each claiming; and we settled the contest by exact
treaties defining precisely our limits, and yielding
in each case a part of what we claimed. Those
are very different cases from the present. We
claimed no interest in Central America. We had
not the shadow of a claim there. I have never
undertaken to say how good the title of Great
Britain is to the possessions which she holds in
that region. But I did undertake to show, from
historical authority, that her title was obtained by
a violation of the permissive and special occupancy
authorized by the Crown of Spain; and I showed
how, in the course of time, it ceased to be the in-
terest ofSpain to regard theBritishencroachments,
and how Great Britain consolidated her power in
Honduras. As to the justness and right of her
claim I said nothing. I repeat it, I meant to leave
it as Mr. Clayton meant to leave it, neither affirm-
ing nor denying any right of Great Britain—leav-
ing it just as it was, a matter of fact, without the
sanction of his treaty, or the sanction of his ac-
knowledgment. And I said that had not been
the case with that Administration, of which the
Senator had been a supporter. I referred to Mr.
Polk's recognition of the authority of Great Bri-
tain over this territory called Balize, or British
Honduras. But the Senator from Michigan said
he was yet to learn that, by the appointment of a
consul to the Balize, we gave any sort of acknowl-
edgment to the title of Great Britain to the country.
Mr. CASS. My remark was in reply to the
honorable Senator from New York.
Mr. PEARCE. But it applied equally to what
I said. I stated it to show that Mr. Polk had ex-
pressly recognized the authority of Great Britain
over this territory.
Mr. CASS. By the appointment of the con-
sul?
Mr. PEARCE. Yes. But I will read to the
Senate the commission of the consul, signed by
President Polk; and inasmuch as the Senatorfrom
Louisiana thinks that a reference cannot fairly be
made to something written without reading it in
full, I will do so:
" The President of the United States, to all who shall
see these presents, greeting:
" Know ye, that,reposing special trust and confidence in
the abilities and integrity of Christopher Hempstead, of
New York. I have nominated, and, by and with the advice
and consent of the Wenate, do appoint him consul of the
United States of America, for the port of Balize, in Hon-
duras, and such other ports as shall be nearer thereto than
to the residence of any other consul or vice consul of the
United States, within the same atlc^iancc; and do author
ize and empower him to hare and to hold the said office,
and to txerciM and enjoy all the right*, preaininencei, |iriv-
