1853.
THE CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
258
ilefes undauthontiet to the same of n*ht appertaining, du-
nnp the pleasure ol' the President of tie I lilted States for
tiie unit* btri^—'!■' iloinandipsand receiving no fees or per-
quisite* of office whatever wlueh sliaN not he expressly es-
tablished bv some law of the said I'nited States. And I
do herebv enjoin all captains, masters, and commanders of
ahips ami oilier vessels, armed or unarmed, sailing under
the flag of the saul Stales, as well as all other of their eiu-
tens. to acknowledge and consider him, the said Christo
plier Hempstead, accordingly. And I do hereby /way and
request Her Brttjantc Majesty, her gwemors and officers.
to permit the said Christopher Hempstead, fully and peace-
ably to enjov ami eiereise the said office without giving or
suffering to be given unto him. any molestation or tumble ;
but, on the contrary . to aflord him all proper countenance
and assistance—I offering to do tile same for all those who
•hall in like manner be recommended to me by her iaid
Majesty."
Mr. CHASE. What book is that?
Mr. PEARCE. It is Executive Document,
volume JO, ls-19and 1850.
Mr. CASs?. That is the standing form of the
commission—a de facto acknowledgment.
Mr. PEARCE. Precisely. Ii was a de facto
acknowledgment of the authority of the British
Government to grant an exequatur and therefore
an acknowledgment of her jurisdiction de facto.
Mr. CASS. I would ask the Senator if he sup-
poses that the same form was not used in regard
to the Mexican and South American provinces be-
fore their independence was acknowledged, and
also in regard to Greece ? It is a de facto acknowl-
edgment of the state of things, without conceding
the right at all. It is not a diplomatic recognition.
Mr. PEARCE. That is all Mr. Clayton has
done. He has recognizeed the de facto existence
of the British authority within those limits. The
exequatur in this case was from the British Gov-
ernment. Here is the letter of Mr. Hempstead,
informing the Secretary of State that he had re-
ceived it:
"Sir: Permit me to inform you that my commission,
together with Her Britannic Majesty's £ exequatur,' has at
leneth arrived, and I have commenced to act as United
States Consul for this port.''
That is what was done in that day, which it
seems hardly any of us may now venture to ques-
tion. I do not intend to do it, but I desire to point
out the contrast between the acts of Mr. Buchanan
and Mr. Clayton. Mr. Clayton recalled this
consul. He did not choose to give even thatsanc-
rion to the claim of the British authorities. He
withdrew the sanction of this Government so far
as he could do so by recalling the consul.
The form of language employed is nothing more
than what is always used, I suppose. It is pre-
cisely that, I presume, which would be found in
the commission of the consul to Liverpool. But
forms are sometimes things, and as you would not
pray an exequatur of any Government except
that which exercised jurisdiction over the place to
which the consul is sent, so Mr. Polk's commis-
sion to Mr. Hempstead admits the jurisdiction of
her Britannic Majesty whom and whose " governors
and officers" the commission prays to allow Mr.
Hempstead to "exercise peaceably and fully"
his office of consul.
I need not occupy more of the time of the Sen-
ate. I rest the late Secretary's defense upon his
letter to Mr. King, the then chairman of the Sen-
ate's Committee on Foreign Relations—their proper
organ, and his reply declaring that " the Senate
perfectly understood that the treaty did not include
British Honduras."
Mr. BORLAND. Mr. President, I will not
go into a discussion of the merits of this question;
nor will I undertake to say what was the opinion
of any other Senator at the time this treaty was
ratified; but as an appeal has been made to the
Senate generally to say what was their under-
standing, I respond by stating that my understand-
ing of the treaty was precisely that which has
been expressed by the Senator from Michigan and
the Senator from Louisiana. If any other under-
standing of it was expressed on this floor, I never
heard of it until this discussion sprang up. So
much for that.
I, sir, voted against the ratification of that treaty,
not in reference to this particular question, as to
the extent of the British possessions, or whether
those possessions were rightfully held or not; but
I voted against it for two reasons: The first was,
that I recognized what is usually called the Mon-
roe doctrine, and for that reason I thought that I
could not, without being inconsistent, recognize
even the right of Great Britain to negotiate with
us as to the possession and holding of any prov-
inces of any kind in Central America, or upon
,j this continent in that direction. And in the next
place, I voted against it because I would never by
my voice bind the United States to abstain from
the acquisition of territory in that direction or in
any other. I deem it but just to say this much
for myself, because I know that my feeling upon
this subject represents the unanimous voice of my
constituents.
Mr. SOULE. Mr. President, there are certain
facts connected with the history of the negotiation
of this treaty which seem to have been overlooked
by those gentlemen who have preceded me in this
debate, and which I deem it important to place be-
fore the Senate. I was amongst those who voted
for the ratification of the treaty which has been
the subject of this debate, and it is but natural
that 1 should be anxious', as well as my colleagues
in the Senate who have preceded me, to state un-
der what promptings that vote was given.
It will strike the Senate, and I am sure it will
strike the country, that there is something highly
significant in the fact, that nearly two months after
the treaty had been ratified, it was deemed neces-
sary on the part of the British Minister to have
some explanations as to the meaning to be im-
parted to the treaty. Whence could his suspi-
cions arise 5 What could have transpired between
the date of the ratification of the treaty and the
date of the correspondence between the British
Minister and our Secretary of State that should
thus rouse the suspicions of the British Minister,
is a question which naturally suggests itself to the
consideration of any one who may bestow the
least attention upon the subject. To my mind, it
shows conclusively that something of the secret of
our deliberations here had gone out, and had in-
duced, on the part of the British representative
here, that suspicion. What was it, Mr. Presi-
dent, which could thus have created that state of
feeling in the breast of the British Minister ? I
shall state it in very brief words.
While the treaty was being negotiated,come
ten or twelve Senators, I anions: them, at the re-
quest of the then chairman of the Committee on
Foreign Relations, met at the room of our Presi-
dent pm tempore, there to hear the reading of this
treaty, then in embryo; and on account of the
desire entertained by some of the members pres-
ent that I might be favored with some more par-
ticular acquaintance with the localities embraced
by the treaty, I was specially desired and requested
to lend all the attention I could bestow to its read-
ing. When the obnoxious article was read, I
could not but remark, that though in the ordinary
transactions of life such language as it contained
might seem fully satisfactory, and though it could
hardly admit of a doubt as to its bearing and im-
port, yet, ina?much as the object was to divest
England of all pretension to set up any right to
any portion of the country embraced by it, I
thought it would be better to have the intention
couched in express words: and I then warned my
associates against the dangers of leaving that arti-
cle in the condition in which it stood. I do recol-
lect, sir—and that recollection is as fresh in my
memory as if its date were but yesterday—that
thereupon it was remarked by the very gentleman
who had called us together, that whatever obscur-
ity there might seem to be in the article was to be
attributed to an anxiety on the part of the British
Minister to have his national pride protested, and
to a desire on the part of Mr. Clayton to indulge
him in that natural wish—that England felt she
was forced into a sort of backing-out, and it was
expected we would not insist upon any expres-
sion being in the treaty which might wound her
sensibilities.
Mr. CASS. Will the honorable Senator allow
me to ask who made that remark ?
Mr. SOULE. It was made by Mr. King. It
was of course understood that the right of cutting
a certain denomination of timber at the Balize
might still be exercised independent of the treaty,
because that authority could under no circum-
stances imply'a right of ownership. But it was
expressly declared that such was the understand-
in^-of the high contracting parties, and that what-
ever obscurity, if any there were, might be found
in the treaty, was meant to satisfy the keen sensi-
bility exhibited on that occasion by the British
negotiator.
Well, sir, the treaty afterwards came before us
in this Chamber, and I feel that I labor under *
tome difficulty as to the question whether or not ;!
I am permitted to allude to what transpired in
secret session in reference to it. I would like to
be enlightened on that point. I am comparatively
a young Senator, and I therefore wish for light
on this point before I proceed further.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Mangum
temporarily occupying the chair.) The injunc-
tion of secrecy not having been removed, the
Senator cannot refer to the proceedings on that
subject in Executive session.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Cannot the injunction of
secrecy be now removed, by unanimous con-
sent ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. We are not
now in Executive session.
Mr. DOUGLAS. If the injunction can be re-
moved now by unanimous consent, I do not sup-
pose there will be any objection.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not com-
petent for the body to act on Executive business
in open session.
Mr. CASS. I believe we are not obliged to
have Executive sessions with closed doors. I
would therefore suggest that we go into Executive
session with open doors ; it will not take us a
minute to remove the injunction of secrecy. This
is a very important matter to the American peo-
ple, and I am for having everything in regard to
it. laid before them.
Mr. SOULE. I take it then as the sense of the
Senate that I am to proceed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
cannot, in the opinion of the Chair, narrate the
proceedings of the Senate in Executive session,
unless where the injunction of secrecy has been
removed.
Mr. BUTLER. As this subject is likely to be
very freely discussed, and as gentlemen cannot
now do themselves justice, I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Executive busi-
ness.
Mr. GWIN. I hope the motion will not be
agreed to.
Mr. CASS. We need not close the doors.
Mr. MASON. I would submit to the honor-
able Senators whether we may not be establishing
a precedent which we may have cause to regret.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The present
occupant of the chair is clearly of the opinion that
no allusion can be made to any question purely
executive, except in Executive session proper.
Mr. WALKER. Can there be anything more
sacred in the secret proceedings of the Senate on
the consideration of this treaty than has been al-
ready adverted to by various gentlemen ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It has been
usual to permit Senators to disclose their own ac-
tion upon any question in Executive session affect-
ing nobody else but themselves; but it is utterly
against all usage, as the Chair understands, to
allow any allusion at all in open session to any
question of an executive character, unless where
the injunction of secrecy has been removed.
Mr. CASS. I suppose it is perfectly in order
for the gentleman to make any suppositious case
that he pleases, provided he gives no names.
Mr. BUTLER. Oh, no. It would not be well
to do that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER then put the
question on the motion to proceed to the consider-
ation of Executive business, and twenty-five Sen-
ators rose in the affirmative.
Mr. PEARCE. Before the negative is put, 1
desire to say that I have no objection to the mo-
tion, if the understanding be that we are to have
an Executive session in the usual manner, with
closed doors.
Mr. MASON. That is my understanding.
Several Senators. Open doors.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
cannot recognize an Executive session with o] en
doors.
Mr. SEWARD. I vote in the negative, for the
purpose of making a quorum, and not because I
am opposed to the motion.
The motion was agreed to, there being on a
division 25 ayes, and 12 noes.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
The Senate accordingly proceeded to the con-
sideration of Executive business; and after some
time spent therein; the doors were reopened, and
the Senate adjourned.
