254
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 10.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, January 10, 1853.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer j
by the Rev. James Gallaheu.
The Journal of Friday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER. The business first in order
iV the consideration of a motion submitted on
Monday last by the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Chandler,] to suspend the rules, that a res-
olution to permit the Colonization Society to hold
a meeting in this Hall may be introduced.
If it be the pleasure of the House, the Chair
will call to its attention an omission to fill a blank
in Senate bill No. 217, entitled " An act for the
relief of William Speiden." The words "two
and a half per cent." were omitted through a cler-
ical mistake in the Senate.
Mr. CHANDLER. With the permission of
the Chair I will state that those words were printed
in the bills that were laid before members, and as
the omission has been accidental, I move by unan-
imous consent that the blank be filled.
There was no objection, and the words " two
and a half per cent.'* were inserted in the bill.
COLONIZATION SOCIETY.
Mr. CHANDLER. I call up for consideration
the motion I submitted on Monday last, to sus-
pend the rules for the purpose of introducing the
following resolution:
Resolved, That the use of this Hall be granted for the
anniversary of the American Colonisation Society, the 18th
instant, at seven o'clock, p. on.
The question was taken on the motion to sus-
pend the rules, and disagreed to, two thirds not
voting in favor thereof.
LEGAL PROCESSES.
Mr. McLANAHAN. I am unanimously in-
structed by the Committee on the Judiciary to ask
leave of the House to introduce " A bill in addi-
tion to the several acts for legal processes in the
courts of the United States." I will merely state
that it authorizes the courts in certain cases to issue
attachments for contempt.
Mr. CARTTER. I object.
Mr. McLANAHAN. I then move that the
rules of the House be suspended, for the purpose
of allowing me to report that bill to the House,
and on that motion 1 demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Harris, of
Tennessee, and Clingman, were appointed.
The question was taken, and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 5G; which number not being two thirds
of a quorum, the motion to suspend failed.
Mr. BURT. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House 
Mr. CLARK. I rise to a question of order. Is
not this resolution day?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. CLARK. I then call for the regular order
of business. i
Mr. BURT. It is regularly in order on this day
to move a suspension of the rules.
Mr. MEADE. With the permission of the
gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr. Burt,1 as I
see there is a great struggle for the floor, I will
ask the unanimous consent of the House for leave
to introduce a resolution addressed to the President
of the United States. Its consideration will oc-
cupy but a minute if unanimous consent be ac-
corded, and I do not think there will be objection.
Mr. BURT. That is the thing I wish to do
myself, and I am amazed the gentleman would
suppose that I would yield him the floor for such
a purpose. There is a Senate bill on your table,
Mr. Speaker, authorizing the Secretary of the
Treasury to issue a new register to a ship which
has been three times nearly burned to the water's
edge, and is now lying in the harbor of Charles-
ton. I simply ask that the bill may now be taken
up and passed. I am informed by the owner of
the vessel that she is ready to sail, and only waits
the passage of this act.
Mr. McMULLIN _ I object.
Mr. BURT. I move, then, to suspend the rules
for the purpose I have indicated.
The rules were suspended, and the bill was taken
up and read a first and second time by its title, as
follows:
"An act authorising the Secretary of the Trea9urv to
laaas a new register to the ship Prentice, and to change her
name to that of Leonie."
The bill was then, according to order, read the
third time, and passed.
JOHN CHARLES FREMONT.-
Mr. PHELPS. 1 ask the unanimous consent
of the House for leave to take from the Speaker's
table Senate bill .No. 573, entitled " An act for the
relief of John Charles Fremont, late lieutenant
colonel in the Army of the United States."
Mr. STANl'ON, of Ohio. I object to taking
any bill up out of its order.
Mr. PHELPS. I then move a suspension of
the rules that it may be taken up for considera-
tion.
The question was taken, and the rules were sus-
pended.
The bill was read a first and second time by its
title.
Mr. PHELPS. As that bill contemplates an
appropriation.it is necessary that a motion should
be submitted to suspend the rule requiring its con-
sideration in the Committee of the Whole, that it
may be now passed. Before I submit that mo-
tion, however, I desire to say a few words on the
merits of the case.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The rule says
that the bill shall have its first consideration in the
Committee of the Whole.
The SPEAKER. That is the rule, and the
gentleman from Missouri is aware that it is not
in order to consider the bill in the House until that
rule has been suspended.
Mr. PHELPS. Then I suppose that I cannot
make an explanation of the merits of the case,
unless by the general consent of the House, until
after the rule requiring the bill to be first consid-
ered in Committee of the Whole has been sus-
pended.
The SPEAKER. That would bfc the law of
the House if strictly enforced.
Mr. PHELPS. I will make the explanation I
design, by the unanimous consent of the House,
at this lime.
[Cries of " Go on !" "Goon!"]
i The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the gen-
l tleman proceeding?
I There was no objection.
Mr. JONES, of Tenneseee. With the permis-
sion of the gentleman from Missouri, I will sug-
gest that this bill be referred to the Military or
some other committee, to ascertain the probable
amount to be appropriated by it. I know nothing
at all about it. It proposes to appropriate money
to satisfy judgments which have and ntty be ren-
dered against Colonel Fremont for official acts,
whilst he was in California, in the service of the i
United States. The amount may be $20,000, or
it may be #1,000,000.
Mr. PHELPS. Mr. Speaker, if anything is
to be done for the relief of Colonel Fremont, it
must be done speedily. It will be recollected by
members, that some time last spring, shortly after
Colonel Fremont arrived in London, and whilst
he was proceeding to attend, in company with
Mrs. Frfimont, a party to which they had been
invited, he was arrested and immediately thrown
into prison, at the suit of Antony Gibbs & Sons,
indorsers of F. Huttman, commenced on four
several bills of exchange drawn by him whilst
Governor of California; on James Buchanan, the
then Secretary of State, in favor of Huttman.
Those bills of exchange were drawn for the sum
of $19,500, which was expended in the military
service of the country in California. There being
no appropriation for the payment of those bills
they were protested, and suit was brought for the
recovery of the amount of those bills, damages
and interest.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Georgia. 1 desire to be in-
formed, Mr, Speaker," whether it is not practicable
to ascertain the amount for which these bills of
exchange were drawn, and if so, why that amount
has not been specified in the bill under considera-
tion ? I would ask further, whether it is not prac-
ticable to ascertain the amount of judgment already
obtained against Colonel Fremont? I am for pro-
viding for judgments rendered and leaving future
ones to take care of themselves.
Mr. PHELPS. The gentleman from Georgia
has not listened with his usual attention, I am
sorry to say, to the reading of the bill for the relief
of Colonel Fremont. It specifies $19,500 as the
amount for which those bills of exchange were
drawn. Weare to provide, as a matter of course,
for the appropriation, in addition to that amount,
of money for the payment of damages in conse-
quence of protest, interest, the costs of the suit,
and the cost of defending the same. I cannot, nor
can any other person, now tell what the costs of the
suit will be. I know, however, that speedy action
is necessary upon this bill; for I have before me
the affidavit of Mr. Treasure, the clerk of Messrs.
Lawfjrd, theattorneys of Colonel Fremont, which
states that judgment will be rendered in all proba-
bility sometime during the month of December.
Unless he is surrendered for the purpose of being
committed to prison, his bail will become respon-
sible. Every one who is acquainted with the his-
tory of Colonel Fremont, knows the condition of
his property and the embarrassments in which he
is involved, on accountoftheliabilities heinctirred
in the conquest of California, and that it will be
impossible for him to raise this amount of money
in a foreign country. Will you, then, relieve that
officer who has spent this money in behalf of the
Government? Will you relieve him from the
judgment which has been ob;ained against him,
and prevent his imprisonment in a foreign coun-
try? So far'as the justice of these claims is con-
cerned,! have Only a word to say. I was proceed-
ing to remark that at the last session of Congress,
there was inserted in the Army appropriation bill,
a provision directing the President of the United
States to appoint a board of officers, whose duty
it should be to examine these California claims.
1 have now the report of that board before me.
That board of offirers was composed of Brevet
Colonel Smith, of the 2d artillery; Major Lee, of
the Commissary Department;and Lieutenant Col-
onel Thomas, of the Quartermaster's Department.
They proceeded to act upon theseCaliforniaclaims,
and acting upon this and the great numbei* of claims
that were brought before them, they recommended
to the favorable consideration of Congress the
amount of $31,000 only.
Then I bring forward the testimony of the board
of Army officers, whose duty it wets to examine
these claims, and besides to recommend such ac-
' tion as they might think just. They recommended
that these bills of exchange be liquidated. They
are specifically mentioned in their report. I will
remark that these expenses were incurred subse-
quent to the revolution which broke out in Cali-
fornia, in the month of May, 1846.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to make an
inquiry of the gentleman. I wish to know if Colo-
nel Fremont has ever settled and accounted to the
proper officers of this Government for the manner
in which he expended the proceedsof these drafts,
and what was the amount which he has accounted
for, and whether or not there has ever been any
part of it paid by the United States. If he ha*
never accounted to the Government for this money
or any part of it, then he cannot come here and
ask us to pay this draft.
Mr. PHELPS. I have not made any investi-
gation or examination of the testimony which was
presented to this board of officers. I could not
examine it. The officers of the Army were charged
to make this very investigation. The gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] inquires if I had
made that investigation. This board, aftermaking
I an investigation, say, that these demands are sliU
existing against the Government of the United
Statesand ought to be paid. Is not this sufficient?
Mr. JONES. That is not the point upon which
I desire information. It is not whelher he drew
the drafts, for the drafts are outstanding against
the Government; and if he drew those drafts and
sold them as it is alleged and received the proceeds,
it was not the business of this board to inquire into
it, but it was his businessand duty, in settling his
accounts with the Treasury Denartment, to ac-
count for the proceeds of these drafts, and show
in what manner he expended them for the benefit
of Government. Until there is some evidence-upon
that point, I cannot vote for this proposition.
Mr. PHELPS. The gentleman has forgotten
that tV>is board of officers was to make these very
inquiries. They could have access to all papers
on file, in any Department, throwins light on the
subject. It is to be presumed they did make this
examination, and hence favorable consideration of
this demand and of several others was.recom-
mended. Demands amounting- to more than
$300,000 were presented; only $30,000 of which
were favorably recommended; the residue were
rejected or suspended for the want of testimony.
Colonel Frfmont, at the date of these drafts, was
discharging the duties of civil and military Gor-
.i ernor of California. I do not know whether the
