1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
255
money iie r<ceived on these drafts was placed in
the hands o!" disbursing offi<ets of the Army or
not. The money was obtained for the use ot this
Government; " was expended for the use ot tins
Government. The drafts are outstanding and un-
paid. And because this Government has not pro-
vided for their payment a citizen ot the countiy is
about to be ltnnru-oned in a foreign land because
he incurred (his liability to cany on the military
operations of tins Go\eminent.
Mr. RICHARDSON. If the money was paid
by Col tie! Ftciiioi.tto the Quartermaster or Pay-
master, he ouirht to have a voucher for it.
Mr. PHELPS. Colonel Fremont is not here
to i;ive anv explanation. 11 is papers are not here.
And whether he himself disbursed this money, or
pl.i.-ed 't in tfie hands of officers to be disbursed,
or it >!, I iwniiot say. Ail these drafts were drawn
in March, lt-47, several months after the conquest
of Cahfornia. I will read oneof them as given in
the leport of the board of officers;
ciudap de los Angeles, Ui'per California, \
M,nck 18, 1847. )
F. Huttman. by f At ten daysiulit ot'this my
P K. Gtnrue, as- ; -Mend of evrhanee, first and tlurd re-
^tt:ii(je. ' tnaittiufi unpaid, pay to F. Huhttn.m
i or order si\ thousand hard dollars
Indorsed. , lor value received, and charge the
PiyMt's-r- Vntony-, .~auie to the ar, otn.t ot"—
& .Sons, or I Vonr obedient servant.
ord  r value in ac- ! J. C. FREMONT,
counts. I G9i ernor of Cahfornia.
j To Hon. James Bcchanas.
' Secictaiu of St'tfc, V. S.
The other drafts are similar to this, except the
amounts. I now move a suspension of the rules
which require this bill to be committed to the Com-
mittee of the Whole.
Mr. LETCHER. Is it in order to move to
refer this bill to the Committee on Military Af-
fairs ?
The SPEAKER. It will be in order unless the
motion of the gentleman from Missouri should
prevail.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I submit whether
the motion of the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Letcher] would not take precedence of the mo-
tion of the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr.
Phelps.]
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentle-
man from Missouri to suspend the rules overrides
any other motion, except to lay upon the table.
The question was then taken upon the motion
to suspend the rules, and there were, upon a divis-
ion—aves 73: noes not counted.
Mr.PHELPS demanded tellers.
Mr. JONES. [ wish to make an inquiry about
this case before the vote is taken. 1 desire to
know if the date of these drafts is not after Colonel
Fremont was superseded by General Kearny as
Governor of Cahfornia?
Mr. PHELPS. The gentleman is aware of
the contest between Colonel Fremont and General
Kearny,and that Colonel Fremont was appointed
milnarygovernorby Commodore Stockton. 1 can-
not tell the date at which General Kearny arrived
in California. These drafts were drawn while he
.was exercising the duties of military governor of
Upper California, and are dated in March, 1847.
Mr. FICKLIN. If the rules be suspended,
would the motion of the gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. Letcher] be then in order, to refer this mat-
ter to the Committee on Military Affairs?
The SPEAKER. It will be subject to all the
rules of the House in relation to bills. The mo-
tion will have the effect only of suspending the
rules, which require the bill to be first considered
in the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
L'nion. It would still be competent for the House
to send this bill to any committee of the House.
Messrs. Hendricki and Gaylord were ap-
pointed tellers.
The question was then taken; and the tellers
reported—ayes 86, noes 40.
So the rules were suspended.
Mr. PHELPS. Before the question on order-
ing the bill to be read a third time is put, I desire
to submit an amendment. An error has been
committed in the engrossment of the bill It is
to substitute the letter F for J, before the word
Hu'tmin. It is an error on the part of the en-
grossing clerk. I have compared it with the ori-
ginal bill—the bill introduced in the Senate. The
drafts w^e drawn in favor of F. Huttman, in-
stead of J. Huttman.
The question was then taken on the amend- |
ment, and it was agreed to.
Mr. SACKETT. Will the gentleman from
Missouri allow me to ask him a question? I be-
lieve it was during the last Congress that there
was a report from the Committee on Military Af-
faire upon this subject. I ask whether the gentle-
man has that report?
Mr. PHELPS. I have not the report to which
the gentleman refers. That report was not made
at the lime he supposes. It was made during the
Thirtieth Congress. It is very voluminous, and
I have not had time to examine it since this bill
passed the Senate.
I wish to read a short extract from the affidavit
of Henry Treasure, in the office of the attorney
of Colonel Fremont: '
'■ And this deponent further saith, that the said Messrs.
Anthony Giltbs &. Sons will be entitled to proceed to ttie
taal ot tfie said action til the month of December nexl, and
in ca-e of their obtaining a judgment against the said John
t'hail^s Fremont, the\ will tie at liberty shortly afterwards
to issu<- ex. eutlon against his person, and obtain and keep
!tim in eii^t-ulv until he shall have paid the amount recov-
#neii i>\ iht'in, or in ea^e of his absence from this cotintty,
io proot ( d against his sureties to recover from tliein the
amount lor which they so gave bail as aforesaid."
I ask the previous question.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask the gentle-
man to withdraw it. The gentleman has had the
floor all the time, held it since the rules were sus-
pended, and made a motion to amend. The gen-
tleman from Virginia [Mr. Letciier] desired to
make a motion, but he still held the floor.
The SPEAKER. The Chair ruled that the mo-
tion proposed by the gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. Letcher,] could not take precedence of the
motion made by the gentleman from Missouri, to
suspend the rtnfes.
Mr. JONES. Would it not be in order, after
the rules were suspended, to move to refer it?
The SPEAKER. As a mere proposition of
order, that would be in order, if made.
Mr. JONES. Some gentlemen, who voted to
suspend the rules, wish to refer the bill, as I un-
derstand.
Mr. PHELPS. I have no disposition whatever
to prevent an investigation of this matter. None
whatever. On the contrary, I desire it, and if the
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] will not
be as stringent as he usually is, to prevent the
committee from reporting this bill, either making
an adverse or a favorable report, as the case may
be, and if other gentlemen will give that liberality
to me, I am perfectly willing that the bill shall be
referred.
Mr. JONES. Upon that subject, I will say to
my friend that I have no bargains to make. |
Mr. PHELPS I have desired 
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order du-
ring the pendency of the demand for the previous
question.
Mr. BURT. I hope that the gentleman from
Missouri will withdraw the demand for the pre-
vious question.
Mr. PHELPS. Does the gentleman desire me
to withdraw it ?
Mr. BURT. I desire to investigate this mat-
ter. It was a subject of investigation before the
Committee on Military Affairs, and it is my opin-
ion, injustice to Colonel Fremont, and in justice
to the country, that this matter should be investi-
gated.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi. I call the gen-
tleman to order.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order pend-
ing the demand for the previous question.
Mr. BROWN. We can vote down the previ-
ous question.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. If thegentle-
man from Missouri [Mr. Phei.fs] will withdraw
the demand for the previous question for one mo-
ment, I think I can make a suggestion which will
arrange this matter at once.
Mr. PHELPS. I will withdraw the demand
for the previous question to hear the suggestion of
the gentleman.
Mr. JOHNSON. My idea is this: It is evi-
dently the sense of a majority of this House that
this subject should be examined into. I would
suggest, therefore, that the bill be referred to the
Committee on Military Affair*, with instructions
to investigate the matter and report back the bill at
the earliest possible moment, and that authority be i
given to the committee to report the bill at any time. |
Mr. PHELPS. I will accede to that motion
with the understanding that the committee may
report any time.
Mr. JOHNSON. Then, sir, I make that mo-
tion, and now renew the call for the previous
question.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask thegentle-
man to modify his instructions so as to require the
committee to ascertain whether Mr. Fremont has
ever accounted to the Government for the proceeds
of these bills.
Mr. JOHNSON. I think that is unnecessary.
I take it that the instructions require an investiga-
tion into the whole matter, and the committee could
not report in favor of the bill unless Colonel Fre-
mont's claim for relief was fairly established.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I rise to a
question of order. I would inquire if it is in order
to authorize a committee to report at any time ?
The SPEAKER. It can only be d one by
unanimous consent, or by a suspension of the
rules.
Mr. STANTON. I do not mean to interpose
any objection, but there are other committees
which have important reports that ought to be
brought in. I should like to have the privilege of
making some reports myself.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the in-
structions proposed by the gentleman from Ar-
kansas ?
No objection was made.
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. The bill has never
been printed. I would suggest to the gentleman
from Arkansas that he should add to his motion,
that the bill be printed.
Mr. JOHNSON. Certainly; I will so modify
it.
The SPEAKER. That can only be done by
unanimous consent.
No objection was made.
Mr. EVANS. I have no objection to the ref-
erence of this bill. I think, on the contrary, it
should be referred and examined into. What the
gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Burt] has
said about it is correct. It ought not to be passed
upon now. Doubtless it oua:ht to be passed upon
at a very early day. But 1 wish to know why
the bill should go to the Committee on Military
Affairs? I am a member of that committee.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I must call the
■gentleman to order. The previous question has
been moved.
The SPEAKER. The Chair asks pardon of
the gentleman from Maryland. The previous
question was demanded by the gentleman from
Arkansas.
Mr. EVANS. Why, sir, the gentleman from
Arkansas had not the floor to move the previous
question after he made the motion to refer, and if
he moved the previous question before he sub-
mitted that motion, it was cut off by the previous
question.
Mr. JOHNSON. I demanded it subsequently
to submitting the motion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ar-
kansas proposed that the bill should be referred
to a committee, with instructions, and demanded
the previous question. The Chair then inquired
whether there was objection to the instructions,
and by unanimous consent the instructions were
admitted.
Mr. EVANS. Well, the motion to print was
clearly made after the previous question was de-
manded.
The SPEAKER. That was done also by
unanimous consent.
Mr. WILCOX. 1 desire to say just one word.
I am satisfied in my own mind that this bill ought
to pass.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Thegentleman
cannot make a speech; the previous question has
been called for.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. WILCOX. I only wish to say that the
gentleman had better give this bill a different di-
rection. There is no such committee as a Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, in this House, at pres-
ent. I am a member of that committee, and we
have not been able to get a quorum since the com-
mencement of this session of Congress, and I am
of opinion that we never will have a quorum. The
reference of this bill to the Committee on Military
Affairs will, therefore, be virtually killing it.
