258
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. II,
the extent and under the limitations referred to in
the opinions of those officers.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and passed; and, on
motion by Mr. Downs, the report accompanying
the bill was ordered to be printed.
COMMITTEE ON ENROLLED BILLS.
On motion by Mr. JONES, of Iowa, it was
Ordered, Tliar an additional member be appointed on the
Committee on Enrolled Bills, ami that tfye appointment be
made by the President pro tempore; and
Mr. Cathcart was appointed.
POSTAL CONVENTION.
Mr. DA. VIS submitted the following-resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
hesolued, That the President, if not incompatible with
the public interest, be requested to communicate such in-
formation as he possesses, in regard to Ihe execution of the
postal convention between the United States and Great
Bri'ain; stating whether postal matter is forwarded by tile
English Government in conformity with the provisions of
such convention.
MENOMONEE INDIANS.
Mr. WALKER. I wish to offer the following
resolution at this time;
Resolved, That the Committee on Indian Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into and report to the Senale, what sum,
if any, is equitably and ju<Ily duo from the United States
to the Menomonee tribe of Indians, and on what terms and
conditions, and in what manner, such sum should be paid
to said Indians.
If there be no objection, I ask the Senate to
adopt the resolution at this time, in order that the
Committee on Indian Affairs may have before
them for investigation this much-mooted subject,
prior to the time when the subject may again be
spring upon the Senate when the Indian appro-
priation bill comes up.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
REFERENCE OF HOUSE BILLS.
The following bills from the House of Repre-
sentatives were severally read the first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Pensions;
A bill for the relief of Henry Miller, a soldier of
the war of 1812.
A bill for the relief of William Lynch, a soldier
of the late war with Great Britain.
A bill for the relief of Charles Staples.
A bill for the relief of Aaron Stafford.
A bill for the relief of Mary Baury.
A bill for the relief of Mary Pearson.
A bill for the relief of Nathan H. Darling.
A bill for the relief of Gtlman Smith, of Syca-
more, in the State of Illinois.
A bill for the relief of Elizabeth E. V. Field,
widow of Captain G. P. Field, of the United States
Army.
The following bills were severally read the first
and second time, and referred to the Committee on
Public Lands:
A bill for the relief of John Ozias.
A bill for the relief of William J. Price.
A bill for the relief of C. L. Swayze, in relation
to the location of certain Choctaw scrip.
The following bills and joint resolutions were
read the first and second time,'and referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads:
A bill for the relief of John J. Sykes.
A joint resolution for the relief of J. P. Con-
verse.
An act for the relief of the Southern Michigan
Railroad Company. '
A bill for the relief of John Dearmit.
A joint resolution for the relief of Thompson
Barnet. r
The following bills were read the first and sec- '
ond time, and referred to the Committee on Mili- ;
tar) Affairs: |
A bill for the relief of Josiah P. Pilcher, late a
prnate in Company F, Second Kentucky regi-
mer.t of volunteers, in the war with Mexico.
A bill for the relief of the heirs-at-law of An-
thony G. Willis, deceased.
A biil for the relief of the widow and orphan
children of Colonel William B. McKee, late of
Lexington, Kentucky.
A bill to provide for the payment of the compa-
nies of Captains Bush, Price, and Suarez, for mili-
tary services in Florida.
The following bills were read the first and sec- |
ond time, and referred to the Committee on Naval j
Affairs: j
A bill for the relief of Dr. S. R. Addison, passed
assistant surgeon in the United States Navy.
A bill for the relief of Jacob J. Storer.
A bill for the relief of Harlow Spaulding. !
The following bills were read the first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Claims:
A bill for the reliefof Captain George Simpton,
of Galveston.
A bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of Bernard Todd.
The bill for the relief of John B. Rodgers, of
South Carolina, was read the first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Finance.
The bill for the relief of Joseph M. Wilcoxon,
was read the first and second time, and referred j
to the Committee on Private Land Claims. ,
. CUMBERLAND ROAD. '
The bill from the House of Representatives
" to surrender to the State of Ohio the unfinished
portion of the Cumberland road in said State,"
was read a first time, and ordered to a second read-
ing.
Mr. WADE. I ask the unanimous consent of
the Senate for the second reading and considera-
tion of the bill at this time. I believe there can
be no possible objection to it. The object of it is
barely to surrender to the State of Ohio the unfin-
ished portion of the national road, the finished
' part having been already surrendered.
There being no objection, the bill was read a
second time, and the Senate proceeded to consider
it as in Committee of the Whole. It proposes to
grant to the State of Ohio, so much of the Cum-
berland road as lies between the city of Spring-
field, Clark county, Ohio, and the west line of
that city, and all the interest of the United States
in it; together with the timber, stone, and other
materials belonging to the United States, and pro-
i ciyed for the purpose of being used in its con-
! struction.
The biJI was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a j
third time, and passed. !
HEIRS OF JOSEPH ARNOW.
The bill from the House of Representatives "for
the relief of the heirs or legal representatives of
Joseph Arnow, deceased," was read a first time,
and passed to a second reading.
Mr. CHARLTON. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate to consider that bill at this time.
Its object is to extend, for a certain time, the pro-
! visions of an act of Congress, and to enable a
party who was debarred from presenting his claim,
to present it.
j There being no objection, the bill was read a
1 second time and considered as in Committee of
the Whole. It proposes to direct the judge of the
district court of the United States for the northern
district of Florida, to receive and adjudicate the
claim of the heirs or legal representatives of Jo-
seph Arnow, deceased, under the provisions of
the act of Congress of June 26th, 1834, entitled
" An act for the relief of certain inhabitants of East
Florida," and that those claims be settled at the
Treasury in the same manner as claims under that
act.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a
third time, and passed.
WILLIAM SPEIDEN.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives to the bill
of the Senate " for the relief of William Speiden."
The amendment was to fill a blank in the ori-
ginal bill with "two and a half," so as to make
the bill read " that the accounting officers of the
• Treasury be directed to allow to William Spei-
' den two and a half per cent, on the amount of
' military contributions received by him while
' acting as purser to the United States frigate Con-
' gress, and paymaster and commissary to the land
' forces on the coast of the Pacific during the
' Mexican war," &c.
On motion by Mr. MALLORY, the amendment
was concurred in.
ELIZABETH V. LOMAX.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ments of the House of Representatives to the bill
"granting a pension to Mrs. Elizabeth V. Lo-
max;" which was to strike out the provision
granting to her a pension of thirty dollars a month
during her natural life, and insert in lieu thereof
" one half the monthly pay to which her husband
was entitled at the time of his death, commencing
on the 1st of January, 1850, and to continue for
and during the term of five years."
On motion by Mr. MASON, the Senate con-
curred in the amendment.
ICE-BOATS ON THE POTOMAC RIVER.
On motion by Mr. RUSK, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the joint resolution " to provide ice-boats for the
Potomac river." It proposes to authorize the
Postmaster General, in addition to the ordinary
steamboat service oil the Potomac, to contract
with the Washington and Fredericksburg Steam-
boat Company for an efficient ice-boat or ice-
boats for the conveyance of the mail during the
winter months, provided the additional expense
thereof shall not exceed $20,000 per annum.
Mr. ADAMS. I move to strike out the words
" with the Washington and Fredericksburg Steam-
boat Company," so as simply to authorize the
Postmaster General to make a contract, without
prescribing that he shall make it with this par-
ticular company.
Mr. MASON. I do not like to object to the
amendment, for I do not want to embarrass the
resolution in any way, and I do not want to give
rise to objection in the mind of any Senator. But
it is perfectly understood that there is a mail line
carrying the mails under contract between this
city and Richmond, and the steamboat service on
the Potomac is a part of that mail line. Now, if
we were to interfere with that contract, and make
an agreement with somebody else for an ice-
boat, it might break up the whole route, and the
present system. The object of this joint resolu-
tion is simply to authorize the Postmaster Gen-
eral, if he deem it proper, by using this appropria-
tion, to keep an ice-boat always in order. The
appropriation is contingent, depending upon his
discretion. I will not object to the amendment,
but I would much prefer that the Senator would
withdraw it, and allow the joint resolution to pass
in the shape in which it has been recommended by
the responsible officers.
Mr. ADAMS. I am not tenacious about the
amendment. My objection is a general one. I
am opposed to requiring an officer of the Govern-
ment to make a contract with a particular individ-
ual to do a particular thing, especially in reference
to the transportation of the mails. 1 have made it
a rule to vote against all propositions of that char-
acter. I take it for granted that the contract will
be made with this company, if a better contract
can be made with them than with any one else; but
I cannot consent to vote for any bill authorizing
a special contract to be made with particular indi-
viduals. Competition ought to be open for all.
Mr. RTJSK. This is not at all in the nature
of a new contract. It is for additional service un-
der a contract already in existence; and hence the
only reason for putting in the name of the com-
pany is, that the contract is already theirs. Now,
in the first place, the amendment proposed by the
honorable Senator from Mississippi, will be totally
inoperative. These parties now carry the mail,
and, as a matter of course, they are able and would
beaWe to keep up this ice-boat on much better terms
than any other contractors; and the truth is, no one
would come and make a contract of this description
for a service which would be temporary, and merely
at the time the Potomac river would be closed up
by ice. The object is to provide for this addi-
tional service which may be rendered necessary,
as it was last winter, by the river being frozen.
If the Potomac be closed up by ice, not only is the
mail from the South to this city interrupted, but
one great link in the chain of mail communication
between the northern and southern sections of the
country is stopped This, then, is simply in the
nature of an additional service to be performed by
a company wh>  have already, under your laws,
contracted for the performance of ordinary mail
service.
Mr. ADAMS. If Senators have any objection
to my present motion, 1 may agree to modiiy it so
as to provide that the contract be made with the
contractors for parrying the mail on that route.
That contract will be out in a few years, and a
