1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
259
new contract must be mule. Here you authorize
a contract to l>e made with this particular compa-
ny, ami therefore, if thev should not be the suc-
cessful bidders at the next letting, you could not
take the service from them, and transfer it to the
new contractors.
Mr. HUSK. I have no objection to the amend-
ment.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I cannot well understand
vnv we should provide an ice-boat on the Poto-
mac, and pay some $20,0011 a year for it, and not
do the same thins: m regard to other rivers. It is
true that a very' important mail is transported for a
short distance upon this river; but we transport
important mails on other rivers which are occa-
sionally closed by ice; and if we commence sup-
pi vinir ice-boats on the Potomac, we shall in a very
short time be asked to supply them on many other
rivers. I cannot see why we should provide an
ice-boat in the manner asked for in this joint res-
olution, and not on other rivers. I think this ques-
tion was discussed at the last session, and if my
memory be correct, it was voted down. It was
offered as an amendment to one of the general ap-
propriation bills, and was then rejected. I may,
however, be mistaken on that point.
The amendment was agreed to, the joint resolu-
tion was reported to the Senate as amended, and
the amendment was concurred in; the resolution
was ordered to a third reading, read a third time,
and passed.
TONNAGE DUTIES.
Mr. SEWARD. I ask the indulgence of the
Senae to take up the bill " to repeal an act en-
titled 'An act concerning tonnage duties on Spanish
vessels.' " My purpose is to move that it be made
the special order for some distant day.
Mr. GWIN. I would suggest to the Senator
that there are many special orders already on the
list, and if he wishes to have the bill considered,
it wouid be better for him to give notice of his in-
tention to call it up at a certain time.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate ac-
cordingly proceeded to consider the bill; and on
motion by Mr. Seward, its further consideration
•was postponed, and it was made the special order
for this dav two weeks, (25th instant.)
Mr. SEWARD. I have a paper in my hands
from the British provinces, showing the interest
which is taken there in reference to the com-
merce from Cuba and Porto Rico to this country,
and from the United States there, which I submit
to the Senate, and ask to have printed.
The motion to print was referred to the Commit-
tee on Printing. j
BRITISH COLONY IN CENTRAL AMERICA.
Mr. CASS. Mr. President, I move, with a
view to let all the facts on the subject which we
were discussing yesterday come before the Amer- j
ican people, to whom they ought to go as speedily
as may be, that we now proceed to the considera-
tion of Executive business, in order to take off the
injunction of secrecy in reference to the treaty we
were discussing yesterday.
The motion was agreed to.
The Senate accordingly proceeded to the con-
sideration of Executive business, and after some
time spent therein, the doorg were reopened, and
the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, January 11, 1853.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
bv the Rev. James Gallaher.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER. The first question before the
House is the motion to recommit House bill No.
326', to prevent frauds upon the Treasury of the
United States.
Mr. IVES. I wish to ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to present a resolution.
Mr. MACE. 1 object.
The SPEAKER. It is objected to in advance.
Mr. IVES. I hope it will not be objected to.
The object of it is simply to get from the War
Department a report of surveys and estimates,
which are ready to be made to the House.
Mr. VENABLE. Let the resolution be read.
The resolution was then read, as follows:
Reiolrcd, That the Secretary of.War be requested to
communicate to tins Home what survey, plan, ami esti-
mate have Ueeu made in reference to Cape Vincent harbor,
New York, under the direction of the War Department.
The objection was adhered to, and the resolu- \
tion was not introduced. ;
[A message was here received from the Senate,
by the hands of Asbury Dickins, its Secretary, in-
forming the House that the Senate had passed bills
of the following titles:
S. No. 94. An act to increase the efficiency of
the Army by a retired list for disabled officers; and
S. No. 472. An act for the relief of William
Moss and Matthew Moss.]
CENSUS REPORT.
Mr. GORMAN. I wish at this time to make
a report from the Committee on Printing for the
House, under a resolution of the House.
Mr. KING, of New York. 1 do not wish the
bill to prevent frauds upon the United States to
receive the go-by, by this report from a commit-
tee.
Mr. GORMAN. This report will consume but
a moment. #
The SPEAKER. The Committee on Printing
have the right to report at any yme.
Mr. GORMAN. I ask that the report be read.
The report was then read, as follows:
The Committee ofthe House of Representatives on Print-
ing, have had under consideration tiie resolution propos-
ing to print one hundred thousand copies ot the report of
the Superintendent of the Census, which accompanied the
last message of the President, and find that the cost will be
as follows:
Office Superintendent of Public Printing, )
December 27, lbo-2. )
Sir: In reply to your inquiry as to the cost of one hun-
dred thousand extra copies of the Census report accompa-
nying the President's message, 1 have to state, that it wilt
be $5,6tfc2 64, for the one hundred thousand copies, (or five
cents and six mi lis per copy.)
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, 3'our obedient
servant, J NO. T. TOWERS.
Hon. Mr. Meachah, House of Representatives.
They therefore report the same back to the House for its
action, without any recommendation.
Respectfully, \V. A. GORMAN,
Chairman Committee on Printing.
The resolution was as follows:
I " Rtsolvei, That one hundred thousand copies of the re-
port of the Superintendent of the Census (which accom-
panies the last message of the President) be printed sepa-
\ rately, for the use of the memDers of this House."
Mr. DEAN. I move the adoption of the reso-
lution, and upon that I call the previous question.
The previous question was then seconded, and
the main question ordered to be put.
The question was then taken oil the adoption of j
J the resolution, and it was agreed to.
I FRAUDS UPON THE TREASURY.
I The SPEAKER. The question is upon the
; motion to recommit the bill to prevent frauds on
the Treasury of the United States.
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, as
the pending motion was made by me, and has
been noticed by the newspapers in such a manner
as to indicate that I had obtained the floor at the
close of the speech made by my colleague, [Mr.
Olds,] with a view of replying to him, a brief
explanation may be necessary to set myself right.
1 rose and addressed the Speaker on that occa-
sion simply to ask my colleague a question, and
not with any view of replying to his speech. I
had not even read the testimony in the case, and
of course was not prepared to reply. But when
I inquired of my colleague whether he differed
with the committee, when they said there was no
evidence " tending to prove" that Mr. Corwin had
any knowledge of the fraudulent character of the
claim, he refused to reply, but said I had the
floor, and the testimony was before me, and that I
could reply to his speech, 1 did not feel at liberty
to decline his challenge.
I understood very well why my colleague re-
fused to answer my question. If he answered the
question, an answer would go into his speech, and
might have some tendency to counteract it. Il he
had answered my question in the affirmative, and
said he did differ with the committee, I designed
simply to say, that as the controversy was be-
tween him and the committee, I had no desire to
interfere with it. If he answered that he did not
differ with the committee, I then intended to in-
quire why he had singled out Mr. Corwin from
the great number of members of Congress who
have for many years, and still are, engaged in
prosecuting claims against the Government before
the Executive Departments and in the courts of the
United States. But as my questions were not
answered, and I was challenged to reply, I deter-
mined (though with some reluctance) to investigate
the subject, and engage in the discussion when the
subject should be again brought before the House,
unless some one better qualified would relieve me
of the task.
I was reluctant to engage in this discussion, be-
cause from its very nature it must be to some ex-
tent a personal contest, which of all others I have
the greatest repugnance for.
I was also aware, sir, that the temptation to
carry the war into Africa was very strong, and I
apprehended that 1 could not discuss this subject
with that christian charity and forbearance to-
wards my colleague, [Mr. Olds,] which he of all
men of my acquaintance stands in the greatest
need.
But, sir, situated as I was, and knowing that
no man in the nation occupied so high a place in
the confidence and admiration of the people of
Ohio, and especially of the district which I repre-
sent, as Mr. Corwin, I felt that they would not
hold me excused for declining a challenge to defend
his reputation when so unjustly and ruthlessly
assailed.
Under these circumstances I was much gratified
when, upon taking my seat, I was called upon by
the gentleman from Connecticut, [Mr. Chapman,]
who was a member of the committee who have had
the matter in charge, and my colleague from the
Highland district, [Mr. Baurere,] and who ex-
pressed a desire to engage in the discussion. The
gentleman from Connecticut especially, has no
feeling of State pride or personal friendship to
warp his judgment, and what he may say, there-
fore, will be entitled to more consideration than
anything that I mis;ht say, which might be subject
to the suspicion of being influenced by both these
considerations. I therefore, with great pleasure,
resign the floor to the gentleman from Connecticut.
I will also withdraw the motion to reconsider,
whtch was only made for the purpose of keeping
the subject before the House.
Mr. KING, of New York. If the gentleman
will give way to my colleague, [Mr. Have • ,] he
has an amendment, in the shape of an additional
section, which hedesiresto offer under the arrange-
| ment made by the House the other day, by which
they may be offered, and considered as under con-
sideration, and acted upon in their order. If the
gentleman will withdraw the motion to recommit,
those amendments will be offered.
Mr. STANTON. I designed to withdraw the
motion to recommit, and only made it to keep the
question before the House.
Mr. HAVEN. I propose to offer a couple of
additional sections, though not directly connected
with the subject under consideration.
No objection being made, the following amend-
ments were offered:
Sec. —. Jlndhe it further enacted, That anv person who,
with jntent to steal, shall take and carry awav any record,
paper, or proceeding of a court of justice filed or deposited
with any clerk or officer of such court, or any paper, or
document, or record filed or deposited in any public office,
or with any judicial or public officer, shall, wuhout refer-
ence to the value of the record, paper, document, or pro-
ceeding so taken, be liable to indictment as for larceny in
any court of the United States having jurisdiction for the
trial of crimes and misdemeanor* against the United Slates,
and upon conviction thereof, shall pay a fine not exceeding
two thousand dollars, or suffer imprisonment in a peniten-
tiary not exceeding three years, or both, as the court in its
discretion shall adjudge.
Sec.—. Jinibe it further enacted, That any officer hav-
ing the custody of any record, document, paper, <>r proceed-
ing specified in the labt preceding section of this act, who
shall fraudulently take away, or withdraw, or destroy any
such record, document, paper, or proceeding filed in his
office, or deposited with him or in his custody, shall be lialile
to indictment as for a misdemeanor in any court of the
United States having jurisdiction forthe trial of crimes and
misdemeanors against the United States, and on conviction
thereof, shall pay :i fine not exceeding two thousand dollars,
or suffer imprisonment in a penitentiary not exceeding three
years, or both, as the court in its discretion shall adjudge,
and shall forfeit his office, and be forever afterwards dis-
qualified from holding any office under the Government of
the United States.
Mr. KING. I now move to recommit the bill.
The object of the motion is to keep the bill before
the House.
Mr. CHAPMAN being entitled to the floor, ad-
dressed the House an hour upon ihe subject of
prosecution of claims against the Government by
members of Congress, and those connected with
the several departments, as feed attorneys. He
condemned the practice and was in favor of apply-
ing a proper remedy as a preventive. He then
examined the report of the Select Committee on the
Gardiner case, and maintained that so far as ths
