260
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 11,
proof went it showed that Mr. Corwin had no in-
terest in the claim when lie entered the Treasury
Department. [His remarks, withheld forrevision,
will be pub'ished in the Appendix.]
Mr. I5ARRERE next obtained the floor, and
madesome remarks in reply to the speech of his col-
league [Mr. Olds] against Mr. Corwin. He main-
tained that Mr. Corwin never had any connection
with Mr. Gardiner; and that he was engaged as
attorney in the case while Senator, by Mr. Waddy
Thompson, on a fee of five per cent, on whatever
amount might be awarded to Gardiner by the
board. His percentage was to be paid by Thomp-
son, being one third of the amount of the fee that
that gentleman was to receive as attorney in the
case. He went on to show that Mr. Corwin not
only disposed of all interest which he had acquired
by purchase of Robert Corwin in said claim, but
all interest which he held as attorney in that and
many other claims pending before the board, before
he consented to accept the post of Secretary of the
Treasury. [This speeeh, which is withheld for
revision, will be published in the Appendix.]
Mr. JOHNSON", of Tennessee, then obtained
the floor.
Mr. DEAN. If the gentleman will yield me
the floor, I will move to go into committee. The
debate has been closed upon the deficiency bill.
Mr. JOHNSON. I will give way for that pur-
pose.
Mr. DEAN. Then I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. STANLY. Has the morning hour ex-
pired yet ?
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has not
yet commenced.
Mr. STANLY. Then it is in order now to
call committees for reports.
The SPEAKER. It is also in order to move to
go into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union; and that motion having been made,
must be first put. The Chair supposes that in the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
the special order will come up, instead of the defi-
ciency bill.
Mr. DEAN. Well, sir, either of them will do.
The question was then put upon Mr. Dean's
motion, and it was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended, and the House re-
solved itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, (Mr,Brown, of Missis-
sippi, in the chair.)
SUPPRESSION OF SMALL NOTES.
The CHAIRMAN stated that the special order
of the day was House bill No. 341, " to suppress
the circulation of small notes as a currency in the
District of Columbia."
Mr. HOUSTON. I suggest that the committee
should dispense with the first reading of the bill.
It will save time to read it by sections.
The CHAIRMAN. If there be no objection,
that course will be pursued.
No objection was made.
The Clerk then read the first section of the
bill:
" Be it enacted by the Senate ajtd House of Representa-
tives of the United States of Jlmerica in Congress assem-
bled, That if any person, or any association, partnership,
or company of individuals, or any body politic or corporate
within the District of Columbia, shall, from and after the
passage of this act, make, emit, issue, or utter any lull of
credit, banknote, promissory note, bill of exchange, order,
ticket, or any other instrument of writing, in a less amount,
or of a less denomination than five dollarss to be used as
a paper currency, or as a circulating medium, either as
money or in lieu of money, or of any other currency, or
shall make, sign, draw, or indorse any bank note, promis-
sory note, bill of exchange, bill of credit, order, ticket, or
any other instrument of writing, obligation, promise, con-
tractor agreement, for the payment or delivery of monev
or other valuable thing, or of anything purporting to be a
valuable thing, of a less amount tfian five dollars, to be
used as a paper currency, or as a circulating medium,
either as money, or in lieu of money or of aitv other cur-'
reney, every such person, and every member, officer, or
agent of such association, partnership, company of indi-
viduals, body-politic or corporate, concerned in or assent-
ing to such making, emitting, uttering, signing, drawing or
indorsing a< aforesaid, for any of the purposes aforelaid,
shall be liable to indictment by the grand jury of the Dis-
trict of Columbia for a misdemeanor; and, on convic-
tion thereof, shall be imprisoned Tor a term not less than
ten day--, nor more than one year, and fined in a sum not
less than one hundred, nor more than five hundred dollars
And it is hereby especially declared and enacted, that in
the case of an association, partnership, or company of in-
dividuals, body-politic or corporate, committing any of the
offenses aforesaid, every individual thereof shall be pre- j
suiiiud, prima facie, to be concerned in, and to haveas-1
seated m, the commission of such offense, and the burden :
of prouaii hn or net dif-sent therefrom shall ro<t on him or !
her." * i
Mr. CARTTER. I move to amend the section
by striking out (he words in italics.
Mr. Chairman, I offer this amendment for the
purpose of bringing to the attention of the com-
mittee, a;id testing the proposition, whether we
wiil authorize the issue, in this District, of bank
paper of any denomination. Sir, I am opposed
to it. The amendments that I have proposed will
leave the bill, so far as it relates to this subject,
with penalties and provisions against issuing any
bank paper.
Now, sir, if there is any place on the face of
this Republic that requires none of the agency of
bank paper, it is the city of Washington. In the
first place, it is a point at which the metallic con-
stitutional currency of the country is always
abundant with reference to the demand. The
city has no commerce of any magnitude, and if it
had, it could do its business upon commercial
paper. The trade of the city is supplied and fed
by the patronees of this Government, who are
universally paid in constitutional currency. There
is no extensive business here, no manufacture ,
or trade that requires bank paper, that I am aware
of. If it could be required under any circum-
stances, the shin-plaster authority that these bank-
ing institutions have exercised in this District
•ought to admonish us to put an end to it. It is
but a few days since one of these institutions, fol-
lowing in the footsteps of all institutions of a sim-
ilar character, exploded; taking the precaution
before it went down to throw out over the face of
the country its worthless promises to pay. It is
since the close of the last session of Congress that
you have had an exhibition of that kind in this
city.
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio Was it a chartered
bank that broke down, or not?
Mr. CARTTER. I understand that it was
chartered by the same authority that other banks
in this District are chartered. They have none of
them got any charters, as I am informed, but are
issuing bank paper here without the authority of (
law, and by implication, under a law—as I am in- j
formed, for I have not examined it myself—that
was intended to force them into liquidation.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I think it will be
found, upon examination, that there is no bank in
this city which is incorporated—that their char-
ters have all expired. I think it was at the'close
of the Twenty-eighth Congress that an act was
passed giving them some time, and prescribing
the manner in which they should close up their
business and cease to exist. That was the clear
and manifest intention of Congress. Under a
construction given to that law by their attorneys,
they go on in violation of the law, as I think, and
continue to circulate this paper issue in the Dis-
trict.
Mr.CARTTER. That is my information also;
but whether it is true or not, I would insist upon
this matter. It is time, I think, that we put an
end to this business of making a picture and put-
ting a cashier's name to it, and drawing interest
upon it as upon money. It is a fraud upon good
sense. It ought to be ended, and particularly at
u;vi ovn + u «■  h    c  t, i r
a point where the necessities of credit do not re-
onire it T Vinno that "V IJ"1 seventy inousanu population does
implication authorize any such humblg upo"n bul- i atkutio'is
1%T.?!L™Z:7i®W..in o,fflrin^,these 1 is against it
power. Not only the people of this District, but
the people of the adjoining States have been swin-
dled, and are now being swindled by the issue of
a prohibited paper currency, not redeemable in
coin; but in some instances so issued, that their
redemption cannot be enforced in anything or any-
where. For, unless I am misinformed, notes have
been put afloat here of dollariwith fractional parts
of the dollar, redeemable in Virginia bank notes,
when presented in sums of five dollars; but those
fractional parts of the dollar are so arranged, that
you cannot make the precise sum of five dollars
out of any number of the notes, These notes
have flooded Maryland and Virginia, and the peo-
ple of those States have been swindled by them.
We owe it to ourselves—we are bound in duty to
our constituents to see that our laws, and our law-
ful authority shall be respected and obeyed, and
to protect our people against these law-breakers.
This bill has been well considered by the committee
which reported it. It may not be perfect—it may
not go far enough in suppressing an unsound paper
currency.
But [ venture to vouch that if you pass it as it
is, you will effectually prevent the issue of shin-
plasters under the denomination of five dollars.
Let us take the step now. Let us back Maryland
and Pennsylvania, in following the lead of Vir-
ginia, in the effort to suppress small notes and
shinplasters, and insure to the people hard money,
at least for their retail transactions. Pennsylvania
and Maryland have tried the experiment of allow-
ing their banks to issue small notes for such trans-
actions. Experience has taught them, that in so
doing, they have not only been cursed with their
own shinplasters, but with similar issues from other
States, and especially with the lawless issues from
this District. They have abandoned their experi-
ment, and have prohibited the issue or circulation
of any notes under the denomination of five dol-
lars, thus following the lead of Virginia. Let us
back and sustain those States. Let us pass this
bill as it is. I appeal to its friends, not to allow
it to be jeopardized by amendments. While Vir-
ginia, Maryland, Pennsylvania, and othepStates,
are issuing five dollar notes, we cannot pass any
law which would at this time be effective in sup-
pressing their circulation here. This bill is in-
tended to be operative, and effectually operative.
Let us not sacrifice it to any theory, however
sound; or to any measure which, though sound
in principle, must, in the present state of things,
be ineffectual in practice.
Mr. HALL. That is all right.
Mr. BOWIE. Mr. Chairman, I had the honor
of submitting the resolution directing the Commit-
tee on the District of Columbia to inquire into the
expediency of suppressing the issue of small notes
in this District; and that committee, after very
careful examination, and diligent investigation and
consultation (as I am informed) with the legal
authorities of the District, have prepared the bill
which is now under consideration. This bill, Mr.
Chairman, is in conformity with the public senti-
ment of this District, and that of the adjoining
country, which it is designed to benefit, it is in-
tended to obviate evils which have long oppressed
and taxed our constituents, and which it is the
duty of this Congress to remedy if practicable. It
is entirely too late to say that a community of sixty
or seventy thousand population does not need or
 , ~ , ,, banking in-
amendments. Let us in this National Legislature
The honorable gentleman from Ohio
set the substantial example of puttine anTntfto a 1 Iw RT-TER] 'S mistake.n when he supposes
 ... & , en,u 10 a ! that there is no commerce m this District. The
species of business unprofitable to anybody ex-
cept to those who put it in motion.
Mr. AVERETT. Mr. Chairman, I hope the
gentleman from Ohio will not embarrass the friends
of this bill, and run the risk of defeating it, by
pressing his amendment. I agree with him, that
there is no need of the issue of a paper currency
here, of any denomination. I would not vote for
any bill legalizing any such issue. This bill is
not intended to legalize it, nor does it legalize it
commerce of the District amounts to some millions
of dollars annually. It has a very large domestic
commerce. The inspection of the single article of
flour amounts to upwards of one hundred and fifty
thousand barrels per annum; the greater part of
which is exported to the eastward, the West In-
dies, and South America. Ships regularly arrive
in the port of Georgetown with cargoes of sugar
and coffee from the West Indies, and those cargoes
either lhvevnr0«Ief"Ze T I-0?3 ^ le?a'iz-e il i are sold at Pub,ic auction, attracting the attention
I ia ntL^P n VumS' °I \ mpl£atlon- ! °f many of the merchants of Alexandria and Bal-
it is intended to add to, and make more efficient, ' "" '
the penalties of existing laws, prohibiting the is-
sue or circulation within this District, of any pa-
per currency under the denomination of five dol-
lars. Sir, the laws of the land upon this subject
are openly violated under our noses, before our
eyes, and in contempt of law and the law-making
timore. We have ocular demonstration of the im-
mense domestic trade which is going on around
us; and unless we, as the representatives of the
several States, would be willing to deprive our own
constituents of these facilities of credit, we have
no right to withhold them from the people of the
District of Columbia. It is our bounden duty to
