1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
261
give them the facilities which those in other por-
tions ot" the Union enjoy. We are their special,
as well ,-\s their local, legislators. They have no
voice here to protect their interests and urge their
peculiar claims. This bill was designed to prevent
the extraordinary mushroom growth ot small
banking institutions which have no visible capital,
and which scarcely have a local habitation or a
name.
I hold in my hand now a catalogue of the bank-
ins institutions wkich have sprung up in this Dis-
trict within the last few years. I am credibly
informel that there are thirty-six banking institu-
tions iv'w in the city, all ot' which, except five or
six, issue notes ot' a 'ess denomination than five
dollars. The authority to which I allude is the
Bank Note List .\nd Counterfeit Detector. It gives
a laree list of the banks in this District, most of
which, to my personal knowledge, are of very
recent origin.
I acree with the honorable gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. C vrtti.r] that we have been admonished
lately of the necessity for some legislation upon
this subject. We have been admonished by the
fact that one of these banks exploded as soon as
the act of the Legislature of Maryland for the
suppression of small notes went into operation,
t^as it did upon the first of October last;) one
which had assumed the euphonious and striking
name of the Bank of the Union. Its notes are
returned to us unredeemed. Now we see ijpon
the port ils of the doors and windows, in various
parts of the city, such inscriptions as these:
"Bank of the Republic," "Bank of America,"
indicatirg a wonderful influx of hanking capital.
"The Ocean Bank," is emphatically set down in
the Detcctor as "The Ocean Bank of Washing-
ton,'" a fraud. It is italicized as a fraud in a
periodical which is the guide of a large portion of
the commercial Dopulation of the United States.
Th is further caution is given in this Bank Note
Detector:
'■ compelled to take Washington money, look at
the ^notation ; and it no rate of discount is inserted, touch
not."
Of the thirty-six banks enumerated, twenty-five
have no rate of discount affixed.
I have no personal acquaintance with any of
the gentlemen who have established these banks;
and I have no design to prejudice them in the pub-
lic estimation. But I rely upon information which
has been given me, and which I believe to be sub-
stantially correct. My own constituents suffer !
largely from the system which has recently grown
up; because many are small farmers, who have
furnished this growing metropolis with all the
supplies of the dairy, the poultry-yard, and the
farm. They find this to be their most eligible
market; ana when they bring the fruits of their
labor here, they expect to receive something of
intrinsic value in return. When they reach here,
they are told: " Take your produce back, or take
our paper." Many of them are illiterate men,
without having the means of ascertaining the com-
mercial value of this paper; and when they have
gone home and hoarded up their annual earnings,
at the commencement of a new year they find
they have hoarded up nothing but paper. There-
fore I say it is the duty of the Government to
remedy this evil.
Mr. CARTTER, (interposing.) With the con-
sent of the gentleman, I would like to incorporate
his speech as a portion of my own.
Mr. BOWIE. I have not the least objection.
We know how to distinguish between those banks
which have become veteran institutions here;
whose long standing and the credit and the confi-
dence they have gained in the community, by
successful and judicious management, have proved
them worthy of the highest trust,—we know
how to distinguish between those institutions,
(which are in as high credit as the banks in any
part of the Union, whether in New York or in
Ohio,; and these men of straw, who have no local
habitation or a name. This District has been made
the theater of the experimentum cruris, for the the-
ories of legislation. We who live in the vicinity
of this District know who to trust and who to
avoid. And all we ask of Congress, as its local
legislature is, that it will furnish a substantial basis
of circulation by Withdrawing the small note cur-
rency. Why should we shut our eyes against
the experience of other States ? Why should we
permit that in this District which you will not per-
mit at home? Which of you would authorize
the promiscuous issue of small notes in your own
State? Who among you would give credit to
such paper ? Yet what else do you do in this case ?
If you sanction such a circulation, you sanction
the withdrawal of a specie currency. You afford
to those who are designing enough to fabricate such
paper and impose it upon unsuspecting and cred-
ulous men, the means of perpetrating the most
onerous of taxes. You afford them the oppor-
tunity of inflicting upon this community an irrep-
arable injury.
The gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Averett]
has well said that this was a species of legislation
in which the neighboring States have concurred.
This bill was designed as a response to the legis-
lation of those States.
I have no objection to the honorable gentleman
from Ohio introduging here, or elsewhere, the free
banking system, giving security to every one—
giving official sanction to every note; but until this
is done, let us not withdraw from this people the
necessary facilities of commerce. I do not mean
to say the honorable gentleman from Ohio is really
hostile to this bill. I have not the right to suspect
that it is not a fair amendment, designed to im-
prove the system; but his amendment is hostile to
the operation of the great reform which the people
of this District, joining with the people of the coun-
try, are so anxious to have brought about.
Mr. Speaker, it has been intimated in the public
prints, that those who have advocated this bill-
have some sinister purpose of theirown to answer
—that myself, in particular, as a Marylander,
wished to subserve the interests of Maryland, by
suppressing the circulation of these small notes,
and thereby enabling the banks of Maryland to
supply the vacuum. I have no connection with
any bank, except as a depositor. I have nothing
to make me identified with the prosperity of any
banking institution.
My attention was called to this subject by the
clamor which has been raised by my constituents,
and by the instigation of many of the most prudent
and influential of the citizens of my State. They
know what their evils are, and they know how to
redress them; and a large portion of them look to
the action of Congress upon this bill, as the great
means of relieving them from this intolerable abuse.
This bill has not been hastily prepared. It has
been prepared, as I have been told, upon consult-
i ation with the legal adviser of the LTnited States
ll in this District—one whose duty it has been to at-
I tempt to enforce the laws previously enacted, but
I which attempt has been fruitless. The principle
i of this bill is 110 new one. A law has been in ex-
I istence for years prohibiting the issue of these small
I notes; but the ingenuity of those whose interest
| prompted them to evade the law triumphed over
: the attempts made by the judicial and executive offi-
i cers to enforce the law. They found the former laws
ineffective, and therefore it is that this attempt
has been renewed tQ accomplish that which here-
tofore they have failed in accomplishing. I hope
the House will regard this attempt to emasculate
this bill and deprive it of its vigor and force, as an
assault upon the reform which the people of this
District desire to have brought about. When this
people shall come up here by memorial and peti-
tion, and ask you to take away all facilities for
credit—when they shall ask you to abolish entire-
ly the banking system, 1 shall respond as promptly
as any other man. But when they do not utter
any such complaint, when they ask you to remedy
a partial evil, when they ask you for bread, do not
give them a stone.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. With the permis-
sion of the gentleman, I wish to inquire of him,
as I believe he has examined this subject with
care, whether there is any. law now in force in
this District authorizing the issuing or regulating
the paper currency here ?
Mr. BOWIE. I do not think there is. I think
that since the expiration of the charters of the
banks of this District, all those banks known under
former charters, have been acting as private asso-
ciations, and, under legal advice, issuing notes of
five dollars and over, because that was not prohib-
ited by law. There was no restraining act, and
they considered themselves as having the right,
by common law, to issue notes of denominations
over five dollars.
Mr. JONES. They are issuing notes of all
denominations.
Mr. BOWIE. No, sir, I understand not. The
old banks of incorporation, whose charters ex-
pired, and were afterwards reorganized, have not
issued any paper of less denomination than five
dollars.
Mr. JONES. Thereareother banks, so called,
which issue one hundreds, fifties, and tens.
Mr. HOWIE. I believe there are.
Mr. JONES. I do not know myself, for I
never take any of them.
Mr. BOWIE. I have not the pleasure of hand-
ling many of them. I dare say the gentleman
from Tennessee handles as many as I do
I hope that some gentleman upon the Committee
on the District of Columbia, better prepared than
myself, will expose the evil tendencies of the
amendment now moved. It certainly is a most
direct assault upon the principle of the bill, and I
hope, if the House is friendly to a reform of this
partial evil, they will vote against the amendment.
Mr. CARTTER. I have no doubt that this
bill has been deliberately matured,and thoroughly
considered. Nor do I doubt the purity of the mo-
tives of the honorable member from Maryland,
[Mr. Bowie,] and that he believes all that he states
in reference to the ceremonies that brought this
bill into existence.
There is no doubt of his purity of purpose; but
he has totally failed of convincing my mind of the
necessity of putting in motion thirty or forty shin-
plaster manufactories in this District. I under-
stood him to say that all the bank paper issued in
this District, is issued without authority of law.
Such I understand to be the state of the case. If
that be so, the purpose of this bill is simply, by
indirection, to give them authority to do that which
they have not the authority now to do—by cutting
off the right of issuing less than five dollar notes,
thereby giving them the authority, by implication,
to issue notes of five dollars, and a higher denom-
ination than five dollars.
Now, sir, what are the reasons offered by the
honorable gentleman from Maryland for bringing
this bill into existence? He says his constituents
are interested in it. I deny, in the first place, the
power of the constituency of Maryland to dictate
to this body their line of legislation, although I
avow here, that it would be with great reluctance
that I would participate in legislation to their pre-
judice.
Maryland, up to a brief period in her constitu-
tional history, was anything but a pattern, in my
estimation. I do not know but she has corrected
her habits lately; but up to a very recent period,
if I understand her history, she was supporting
her government by gambling. You could not go
into a hamlet of five houses, that did not have a
lottery office in it, and when you come to inquire
into the details of the matter, you find that those
lottery establishments supported the Government
of Maryland.
I say, if Maryland was good authority, and we
ought to accommodate ourselves to her situation,
she ought to change her condition. The gen-
tleman says my amendment, if adopted, would
operate as a great embarrassment to his constit-
uents, in their trade with this city. Now that
cannot be so, for all the purchasers of potatoes
and cabbages here get their money out of the
Treasury, and that is gold, and the trade of the
gentleman's constituents with this District is in
cabbages and potatoes. [Laughter.] Do you be-
lieve that the breakfasts daily bought in this
city would not command gold in payment ?
[Laughter.] There is nothing that will command
good currency as quick as a hungry stomach.
[Renewed laughter.] You can do without the
gold, but you cannot do without the cabbages.
As an act of friendship to the honorable member's
constituency, I would compel these men to pay
them in gold. I would not give them stones, but
I would give them something heavier—not shin-
plasters. The gentleman says he suffers very
much, and that his constituents have suffered ex-
ceedingly by these worthless shinplasters, and
till his favorite bill proposes to create them, and
my amendment proposes to supply gold in its
place.
Now, it is a truth known to every member of
this committee, that there is not a particle of food
purchased in this District, which is not purchased
directly or in^iiclly with gold, and it is pur-
chased for the sustenance of those who command
it; and the highest position the gentleman takes,
