262
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 11,
is to ask of this Congress the privilege to place
between the consumer and the producer a shin-
plaster exchange. That is all there is of it.
Fine cargoes of West India goods are brought
here! Can you obtain foreign merchandise with
these shinplasters ? Are they good currency in
Havana? Are they good currency in any of the
Indies? Tiie fact is, if they have any foreign
commerce, they ought to have some currency
with which to make their purchases. The shin-
plaster currency has no credit abroad. The man-
ufactories grow up here in the night. Thirty-five
have presented themselves since the last failure.
Every failure makes way for a new brood. [Laugh-
ter.] They do not go out, but merely incubate
[laughter] and multiply.
Now, I cannot for the life of me discover any
necessity in the domestic purposes of this city—a
city where the Treasury is kept—a city where
every man, woman, and child feeds directly upon
it, and where they are not permitted to pay out
any thins: but gold,—for establishing a hank of
issue. I can see the propriety of a commercial
bank—a bank of exchange—for foreign com-
merce, which I suppose the city has to a limited
extent. But where the business is measured out,
as it is in this city; where the breakfast of to-mor-
row is purchased to-day, and where every man,
woman, and child that eats it, has to eat it upon
the responsibility of the Treasury, whence issues
nothing but gold and silver, I cannot, for the life
of me, see any reason for creating a banking insti-
tution.
The truth is, I do not believe in them anywhere.
I want that understood. But in a place where
there is no draft upon credit legitimately, there is
no excuse for such an institution. This is that
place.
I am not familiar with the domestic transactions
of the city, [laughter,] but if there is any business
carried on here in the domestic way, I do not un-
derstand it. [Laughter.] As regards the enterprise
of a soulless corporation, if it were a natural cor-
poration 1 could comprehend it. [Renewed laugh-
ter.]
I hope that the amendment will be adopted. I
hope we shall not, when gold is redundant—when
it of itself furnishes a currency for the whole coun-
try—adopt the folly of inspiring these thirty-five or
forty shinplaster shops along the avenue. They
do not come here for the purpose of accommoda-
ting the business of this city. They come to get
the credit of this, the central city, and to send
abroad the spawn of that credit upon the surround-
ing States, and then to close up their business, as
did that concern during the recess of Congress, by
refusing to redeem. That is what they do it for.
It is a mere gambling center, to cheat people who
reside abroad. That is all.
Mr. BOWIE. I beg the indulgence of the com-
mittee for a moment merely, to absolve my State,
of which I am but an humble individual, from the
imputations the honorable gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Cartter] has thrown upon it, as being a
State which, in some measure, lives upon gam-
bling. We did, sir, some years ago, tolerate what
the gentleman now pronounces a gambling lottery
system.
Mr. CARTTER. Lottery offices 
Mr. BOWIE. We have done all in our power
as a moral and religious people to wipe away that
stain from our escutcheon, and have incorporated
into the new constitution an absolute prohibition
of it, after the present grants have become ex-
hausted. If Ohio has not done the same thing,
she should not cast the first stone.
I beg leave, for a moment, to institute a com-
parison between the credit of the banks of the Dis-
trict of Columbia and the credit of the banks of
Ohio. I find the State of Ohio, notwithstanding
the earnest protest of thegentleman 
Mr. CARTTER. I hope the gentleman will
address his argument to some one else, for I have
always been fighting them. [Laughter.]
Mr. BOWIE. I am surprised to find, notwith-
standing the power and eloquence of thegentleman
from Ohio, that his State still has the sin at her
door of having banks. And what is worse, those
banks do not stand in as high credit in the city of
New York, the great commercial emporium, as
the banks of the little District of Columbia. The
notes of most of the Ohio banks are nt one per
cent, discount, whilst those of the banks of the
I District of Columbia are only at three fourths per
j cent, discount. This is all 1 have to say.
Mr. BARR.ERE. I think that the banks of
Ohio are as good as those of this District. There
is a discount upon their notes as well as upon ours.
Mr. TOOMBS. I think that this bill should
not pass in its present shape. As it stands before
us it is based on no principle whatever. If we
intend to regulate the business of banking in this
District by law, the bill does too little; if we do not,
it does too much. No law now exists in this
District in restraint of banking, so that individuals
may bank as they please. That is one principle.
Another is to regulate the business by law, which
is the one adopted by all of the States of this
Union. One or the other of those principles should
be adopted for this District.
Mr. BOWIE. There were laws prohibiting the
issuing of bank notes of a less (Jenomination than
five dollars, but none prohibiting the issuing of
those #f a larger denomination.
Mr. TOOvlBS. Put the whole system of
banking under the regulation of law, or put no
restraint upon it at all. I think that the public
will be more apt to suffer, and suffer to a greater
extent, from bank issues above five dollars than
those under that amount. Therefore, as this bill
does not seek generally to control the business of
banking in the District, but permits the issue of
notes of a denomination greater than five dollars,
it violates the principle of permitting banking to be
Unrestrained, but does notgo to the extent of reg-
ulating it by law. For that reason 1 shall not
vote for the bill. If you intend to use paper
money, regulate its issue by law, or let it remain
as it is. If you are against unregulated paper
issues, put the whole system under proper re-
straints, or pass the amendment of the gentleman
from Ohio.
Mr. MILLSON. I wish to ask the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Cartter,] whether it is his
object to prevent the circulation of all paper money
of whatever denomination in the District of Co-
| lumbia? Does he, for instance, intend to prohibit
j the payment of a $100 note of a Virginia bank,
by one man to another in this District? If he does
not intend that, and I presume he does not, I
would suggest to him—for I am not at all opposed
to the objects which he seems to have in view—that
perhaps it would be better to withdraw his amend-
ment, and add a proviso at the end of the sec-
tion, setting forth that nothing in this bill con-
tained shall be construed to authorize the making
or issuing of notes of any denomination by any
individual or corporation; simply a proviso guard-
ing against the inference that this bill is intended
to legalize the issue of paper money of any de-
nomination. Without the proviso, the bill, if
amended as proposed, while it would prevent the
issuing of notes of a large denomination here,
would at the same time prevent the circulation of
notes of a large denomination issued by banks of
other States. !
Mr. CARTTER. My design was to strike at 1
the whole thing. I do not intend that the District
shall be the theater for the circulation of bank
paper of any of the States any more than the
theater for the circulation of paper authorized by
Congress.
Mr. SACKETT. I desire to ask thegentleman
who reported this bill to explain what is intended
in regard to bills primarily issued without the '
District. Is there a clause in the bill to prevent
the circulation of notes issued by banks across
the bridge?
Mr. FICKLIN. There is.
Mr. SACKETT. I think there is not.
[Cries of" Yes there is!" " Yes there is !"]
Mr. FREEMAN. I move, in lieu of the
amendment of thegentleman from Ohio, to strike
out all after the first enacting clause, and to insert
the following:
That from and after the passage of this act, it shall not be
tawlu! to make, emu, or utter within the Disirict of Colura
bia, any species of currency or money whatever, except the
constitutional coins of the Tinted States; and that for all
offenses acainst this act, the parties committing the same,
shall be liable to indictment by the grand jury of the Dts
trict of Columbia for a high crime, and on conviction shall
be fined in a sum not less than £500, and be imprisoned in
the penitentiary for a term of not less than six months nor
inore than five years.
It is provided by the Constitution that Congress
shall have the sole power of legislation over the
District of Columbia. But there is another pro-
j vision of that same instrument, which limits the
power of Congress over the subject of currency,
which is, that Congress shall have power " to coin
money, regulate the value thereof, and of foreign
coin, and fix the standard of weights and meas-
ures."
Now it is a well-considered opinion that thi3
body has no powers except such as are expressly
granted to it. The grant, therefore, of the power
to coin money may be regarded as a prohibition
to this body from authorizing fir permitting the
issuance of any species of paper currency; and my
opinion further is, that if we were to authorize
the issuance of paper money, the law would be
declared unconstitutional and void. What is our
duty? Every person who comes here for the
transaction of business finds the city infested with
a miserable circulating medium which perishes in
his pocket. I venture to say that there is not a
member of this or the other branch of Congress
who receives his money in gold and silver, who ig
not tormented by these trashy small notes. If
you go into the shoe merchant's, and hand him
five, ten, or twenty dollars in gold, he gives you in
change a parcel of dirty, good-for-nothing paper.
And here another thing occurs to me. The
contingent fund of this House is deposited with
Selden, Withers & Co. Since the deposit has
been made, that association of individuals has
graciously consented not to issue notes of a less de-
nomination than five dollars! They have even
published that fact in the newspapers, by way of
a special cl.aim on public applause. They would
not, as it had been requesteo, issue notes of a less
denomination than five dollars. Where did they
get authority to issue anything above the denom-
ination of five dollars? From the higher law?
The higher law has become a wonderful law in
the United States. In the District of Columbia,
over which Congress has entire legislative control,
associations of men issue a paper substitute for the
gold and silver currency of the United States, and
then we bow obedience, and say that they may do
it; but that they shall not issue anything less than
the denomination of five dollars.
What is the necessity for a paper currency in
this District? Millions of dollars in gold and sil-
ver are paid out year after year in this city; and
with that fact before us, will it be said that there
is not sufficient circulating medium in this District,
unless we incorporate banks and permit indi-
viduals to issue a paper currency ? Commercial
men know that the moment you issue a paper cur-
rency, you drive from circulation the substantial
medium of the land. Who, then, will be bene-
fited by the issuing of a paper currency ? I un-
derstood the gentleman from Maryland [Mr.
Bowie] to say, that the paper currency will be
beneficial to the commercial interests of this Dis-
trict. That is one of the grossest mistakes. How
are they to be benefited by it? Is it necessary that
banks should exist here in order that resident mer-
chants may pay their bills in New York or else-
where? Is there not safer means of transmitting
it from one point to another, than by bank bills
issued from a voluntary association ?
Mr. BOWIE. The principal trade of this Dis-
trict is in flour. The flour is shipped to New
York, and the shippers from Georgetown and
Washington, with whom I am acquainted, draw
their bills of exchange from New York, which
are cashed by the banks here.
Mr. FREEMAN. They had better cash it in
silver and gold, than in the shinplasters of this or
a foreign city.
Mr. BOWIE. In purchasing grain and the
other products of the interior, notes are more con-
venient.
Mr. FREEMAN. Is there a farmer of your
State who does not prefer the gold and silver coin
of the United States over the shinplasters of Mary-
land and Virginia, or the District of Columbia?
Mr. BOWIE. There are some old-fashioned
people who desire gold in preference to notes.
Mr. FREEMAN. Old-fashioned people, those
who framed the Constitution of the United States,
are still living in the gentleman's neighborhood.
That is one of the old fashions which I trust we
will insist upon, and which I hope will prevent the
utterance of any kind of paper currency. It is
enough that the individual sh^ll be permitted to
draw his bill of exchange upon any point where
he may have money deposited, and that is a suffi-
cient exchange. The commercial history of this
