1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
265
the session, rendering a unanimous vote necessary
in two points in every bill, first: to suspend the
joint rule, that " no bill that shall have passed
one House shall be sent tor concurrence to the
other on either of the three last days of the ses-
sion:" and secondly, to dispense with the rule
which requires the three readings of every bill to
be made on three different days.
8th. It is scarcely necessary to present any par-
ticular examnles to illustrate the evils of this
irreeular mode of legislation; those examples are
of too recent a date, and of too extravagant a
character not to have been keenly felt by every
member who has been in either House of Con- ,
gress of late years; and has, no doubt, attracted
the attention of all observers of the Congressional
proceedings, and produced feelings of deep regret,
if not of apprehension for the safety of our national
institutions.
It was to remedy this evil that I brought forward
the resolution requiring the Committee on Finance
to report the general appropriation bills. At the
suggestion of members of this body I have not
urged its adoption this session, but its presentation,
or some other cause, seems to have wonderfully
stimulated the Committee on Ways and Means;
for we find from tlve following table that it has *
displayed unwonted dispatch in reporting the ap-
propriation bills, and in bringing them before the
House for its action:
"5 S
'£• = ?? :■? o1?
2.= = 3
.S2S.21-SS5 3
p •< =  - Z r-""® "< •<
!?ijM =-i; ;
- — tT ^ ~ = X ■
T- * ? a t" •
ill
5 IKs
>5?
! * ~
= >\
3 1
jSrs^sl - : : 3- 2.
« = i," s ; ; ; . : = •  
i S. ~ r — • • . «< : J-
2 2 ~ £ "L ® : : :
r. : = J = §
^5. C5 « 
i: : J-: : : ??
3". : : =1:
si *.?: i: a® ••!•••
actxocaxaiiixocjcooxai
v* £*v in v ^ ; ■* c." f o;
_;.2 £::::b s" sss
s
I-
o
<«
3
£
3) —
U§ 1'
OJQ 3
* $ d
*e
2.3.
^ o
s- y.
IS
§. to
f §
N
I s
M
•=< *T, "JJ ^ T, "*• ^ ■*} •** "5
22
S! 5c ai£x xx®xx
5T £  C."* X £' y« in t/  in in
4 (0 to ic tw '
II ! ! I I I I I II I
n i w*.
  ' I ££222
y T 5 ' ' r r ' ~ '
— — ~ *-
oo nua xoj-4
II Illlllllll
HSa
CD m
c* C < t
9 c ®
I M 5B
c
r Ti s
t.
X J
S
o
pa
>
a**5 2;
?? °
** ©
' © 
X T3 ■*: ^ T! "3 T3
r 'fr'f'fffffff
?, ST >>&&>!!&> J
c* ?5i3??2.
v o oo S S
%
rs =
^"5 -3
' <t 5t
I
R-
9 S
o ■ 
cc 00 gc
6"« in tn
J- Ok w
I f !
d w I o
s £3 s
ft |
«n w
ob 2.
« £
2 5
XJ 5  
po a &
Z?2
'-§ =
=
? 3
I hope the disreputable scenes of the last two
sessions will not be enacted again. These important
bills have been hurried through Congress with
race-horse speed, without giving either House an
opportunity to examine and understand their
details. Committees of conference have mangled
and cut up the appropriation bills, so that no mem-
ber out of those committees understood what was
contained in the laws when passed, and we are
astonished at our own work when they are pub-
lished. As to my own State, it has suffered so
severely from this hasty action on these bills, and
from the Jehu-like speed with which they have
passed the two Houses after being under the
scalpel of these committees of conference, taking
off an arm here and a leg there, that I am deter-
mined to resist such legislation in future, so long
as I have a seat on this floor. I intend to have
an open field and a fair fight on the legislation for
my State, if I can get it; and this resolution was
introduced as one of the means I intend to use to
bring back Congress to the practice of former
times when we deliberated upon laws before we
passed them. I do not wish to be driven to the
necessity of resorting to what may be termed a
revolutionary remedy, to defeat appropriation
bills by talking against time, unless you can get
an opportunity of scrutinizing the action of these
committees of conference. We will resort to this
remedy, unless we are allowed a fair opportunity
of resisting the passage of laws that inflict an ab-
solute wrong upon our constituents.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
the amendment was concurred in, and it was or-
dered to be engrossed; and the bill was ordered to
a third reading, read a third time, and passed.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. DAVIS gave notice of his intention to ask
leave to introduce a bill to amend the judiciary
act.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives
was received, by Mr. Forney, its Clerk,announ-
cing that it had passed the joint resolution from the
i Senate for the appointment of Regents in the
Smithsonian Institution.
INVESTIGATION OF FRAUDS AND PERJURIES.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I have a resolution which
I wish to offer and have considered at this time, so
that I may explain to the Senate in a very few
words why I offer it. It is in these words:
Resolved, That the Committee on Finance be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of appropriating a auni not
I to exceed .$100,000, to be applied under the directions of the
President, in the investigation of frauds and perjuries com-
mitted against the Government, and in bringing offenders
to punishment.
I have recently ascertained, Mr. President, that
a great many frauds have been committed in steal-
ing soldiers' discharges, personating soldiers, ob-
taining thereby land warrants, forgingassignments,
and then endeavoring to obtain patents in the name
of the assignees. A case of that sort has lately
come under my own investigation, because a sol-
dier who had been thus wronged lived in a county
adjoining my own residence." He filed his evi-
dence, and the Department has set aside the ori-
ginal warrant, and determined, very properly, to
f rant him another. In the particular case to which
allude, the soldier was robbed of his discharge
at St. Louis, the assignment upon the warrant was
made a short time afterwards, and the warrant was
sent to the city of New Orleans. You will thus
perceive that it is utterly impossible for individual
effort to travel all over the country and hunt up
these frauds and perjuries, and bring the offenders
to punishment. I think it is a business for the
Government to attend to, and I want to provide a
fund by which the President and the heads of'De-
partments will be able to institute these investiga-
tions,and bring to punishment individuals of whom
an example ought to be made.
I hope, therefore, that the Senate will now con-
sider the resolution, and refer the subject to the
Committee on Finance. Let that committee see
whether some one of the appropriation bills can-
not be amended, so as to provide a fund for this
purpose. It was suggested, to me the other day,
that it would be better to refer the subject to the
Committee on the Judiciary; but I think, on reflec-
tion that the Committee on Finance is the proper
committee, because through its hands have tojjass
the appropriation bills, and I think it is absolutely
necessary that some fund of this sort should be
constituted. I hope, therefore, that thecommittee
will take the subject into consideration, and see
whether something cannot be done by the Govern-
ment, for individual effort can do nothing.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent and agreed to.
CLERKS OF STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. DOWNS submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous consent,
and agreed to:
Resalred, That tile clerks of the standing committees of
the Senate, who have been on duly from the first day of the
present session, be allowed compensation therefrom.
THE NICARAGUAN TREATY.
Mr. CASS submitted the following resolution
for consideration:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested, so far as may be compatible with the public in-
terest, to communicate to the Senate copies of any corre-
spondence which took place with the Minister of Great
Britain in the United States, in respect to the treaty nego-
tiated by Mr. Sfjuier with Nicaragua, which was submitted
to the Senate in 18o0; also a copy of said treaty and of any
substitute for it, or any part of it, submitted to the American
Government by the British Minister, and of the letters of
the latter urging the acceptance of such substitute and the
replies thereto; and also copics of any correspondence
which took place between the Secretary of State and the
British Minister and the Minister from Costa Rica, in re-
spect to a projet which was submitted to Nicaragua, Costa
Rica, and the Mosquito Indians, and a copy of such projet,
with the instructions given to Mr. Walsh, the special agent
deputed by the United States to present that projet to the
States of Nicaragua and Costa Rica, as also of such other
correspondence as inay have passed between him and the
Secretary of State upon the subject; as also copies of the
correspondence whh Mr. Kerr, Charge d'Affaires of the
United States in Nicaragua, in reference thereto, together
with any correspondence with the Government of Nicara-
gua or its Minister, in respect to the same projet; and the
President isfurther requested to communicate to the Senate
copies of any letters which may have been addressed to
this Government by the Minister of Nicaragua, or the Min-
ister of Great Britain, in reference to tlie construction and
purport of the convention between the United States and
Great Britain, signed April 19, 1850, and proclaimed July
5, 1850, and of the replies made to them, if any.
COLONIZATION IN CENTRAL AMERICA.
Mr. CASS. The honorable Senator from
Louisiana [Mr. Soule] desires to go on to-day
with his remarks which he was submitting on
Monday last when he was interrupted by an Ex-
ecutive session. This day was assigned for the
consideration of the joint resolutions in reference
to the Monroe doctrine and the Island of Cuba,
which 1 had the honor of submitting sometime
since. At the suggestion of the honorable Senator
from Louisiana, I now move that the further con-
i sideration of those resolutions be postponed to
Tuesday next, so as not to interfere with him.
The motion was agreed to.
OFFICIAL CONDUCT OF COM. MORGAN-
The resolutions on the table being taken up in
their order, the President announced the resolu-
tion of the Senator from New Hampshire, [Mr.
Hale,] in relation to the official conduct of Com-
modore Charles W. Morgan.
Mr. HALE. If the Senate will give me leave,
I will withdraw that resolution, inasmuch as the
Commodore has died since it was presented.
Mr. SHIELDS. Before that is done, I wish,
in justice to that deceased officer, to present a
letter which I have received from an officer who
accompanied him in the Mediterranean squadron,
and who was with him during the whole period of
that cruise. I have not the letter here just now,
and therefore I would prefer that the resolution
should lie over for the present. It is well known
that the death of Commodore Morgan will pre-
vent the investigation of those charges; but the
officer to whom I have referred accompanied the
squadron during its whole cruise, and he has felt
it to be his duty to come forward and vindicate the
memory of his commander. As I have said, I
have not the letter now before me, but I shall take
occasion to present it at a proper time. I think it
will satisfy the honorable Senator from New
Hampshire that injustice has been done to the
character, and now to the memory, of a gallant
and distinguished officer. I beg, therefore, that
the Senator will permit the resolution to lie over
11 for the present, until I can present the letter which
; is a response to the allegations contained in the
resolution.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, there are no alle-
gations contained in the resolution which is on
the table. It is simply one'of inquiry, and the
' last time it was before the Senate, the body re-
\ fused to consider it. It has come up now in it 
