266
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 12,
regular order, and I think, with all deference to
the honorable Senator from Illinois, that the course
■which he proposes to pursue, would be rather an
extraordinary one. If officers who feel bound to j
sustain the course of Commodore Morgan, are to ;
be heard by letters addressed to the Senate, I can
tell the Senator there are other officers who have .
contradictory statements to make, who would also
claim a like privilege of laying their representa-
tions before the Senate. I have no wishes in rela-
tion to this matter at all—not theleast. If any-
body wishes the resolution passed, I have not the
slightest objection on earth; but I thought, as the
Commodore was dead, and the resolution apper-
tained to the mode in which he discharged his
duty, and as he had been called before a higher
tribunal than we are to answer for the manner in
which he has discharged his duty on earth, it
would be decorous to withdraw the resolution; but j
if anybody wishes a different course taken, I have <
no fault to find. I can, however, tell the honor- !
able Senator that there are other officers who did
accompany Commodore Morgan, upon whose
statements these inquiries are based; and if one
side is to be heard, it would he but an act of justice
to hear the other. I think the better way would
be to let the whole subject be withdrawn, and let
it go, neither affirming nor denying anything.
Mr. SHIELDS. I think the better way would
have been never to introduce the resolution.
Mr. HALE. I do not.
Mr. SHIELDS. That is my opinion. Well,
sir, the resolution has been introduced by the hon-
orable Senator from New Hampshire. 1 do not
pretend to impugn his motives; on the contrary, I
believe he himself was imposed upon and made in
some way the instrument of doing injustice to a
brave and gallant man; I thought so originally; I !
think so yet. I-am informed that an hour or two
before his death, this gallant officer read the teso-
lution, and these implied charges, for they are
such.
I hold now in my hand the paper to which I
alluded, addressed to me by an officer who accom-
panied him. I do not wish to present it now, for
some reasons which I will let the Senator know on
some other occasion. 1 therefore prefer that the
honorable Senator should let this resolution lie on
the table for the present, and I will, or he may,
call it up at any other time, and then I shall do
justice to the memory of this officer. It shall have
no reference whatsoever to him if he will take this
course.
Mr. HALE. No reference to me!
Mr. SHIELDS. Yes, sir.
Mr. HALE. I do not ask any favors of any
officer of the Navy. If he has got anything
against me let it come out. i
JVfr. SHIELDS. Very well, sir; then I will
present this communication.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator from New \
Hampshire asks leave to withdraw the resolu-
tion.
Mr. SHIELDS. Before that is done, I wish to J
present this communication. |
Mr. HALE. I have no objection to gratifying ,
the Senator. 1
The PRESIDENT. Then the resolution will
he passed by informally, if such be the pleasure
of 'he Senate.
The resolution was passed by accordingly.
REPUBLIC OF NICARAGUA.
The PRESIDENT announced that the next
resolution upon the calendar, was one offered by
the Senator from Mississippi, [Mr. Brooke,] in
reference to the dismissal of Mr. Marcoleta, late
Minister of Nicaragua.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, if agreeable to
the Senator who offered that resolution, I propose
that it should lie over for a little while. I recol-
lect that at the time he introduced it, I intended
to converse with him on the subject, but I have
not yet had an opportunity of doing se. I there-
fore ask him to let it lie over.
Mr. BROOKE. I have no objection. i
The resolution was passed over informally.
BRITISH COLONY IN CENTRAL AMERICA.
The personal explanations on this subject were
resumed.
Mr. SOULE. When the other day this debate ;
was suspended, I was about to state what occur-
rences had transpired in Executive session upon !
the ratification of the Clayton-Bulwer treaty. But j
I thought it due to myself, not to proceed to
do so until I had ascertained the sense of the Sen-
ate as to the propriety of my alluding to anything
that might pertain to our secret proceedings; and
the sensibility which has been evinced since then,
in reference to this subject, has but confirmed me
in the idea that there was some wisdom in the
course I thought proper to pursue. I did not ap-
prehend, indeed, that any very serious conse-
quence might result from such a disclosure; for in
this, as in most other instances, it will ever be
found that. wUat is kept most secret, is, when di-
vulged, hardly worth the honors of mystery. And
still, it was due, perhaps, to those who voted, like
me, in favor of the treaty, that the reasons which
governed theirvotesshould go forth to the country.
I stated on Monday last what scruples had in-
duced me to be somewhat dissatisfied with the
wording of the treaty, when it was first presented,
informally, to my consideration, and how those
scruples had been met, answered, and rem'oved;
yet, even the assurances given me and my associ-
ates on that occasion, could not divest me of all
anxiety concerning it; and though I reposed the
most unbounded confidence in the discretion and
reserve of the then chairman of the Committee on
Foreign Relations, [Mr. King,] I could not resist
the temptation of calling again his attention to the
questionable provisions of that treaty. I met him
at his quarters, but a few minutes after an inter-
view which he had had with Mr. Clayton; and he
but renewed the assurances which hehad formerly
given in relation to the same.
When the treaty came before the Senate for
ratification, I rose and stated in debate the diffi-
culties and doubts which had arisen in my mind
on this point; and though I had determined to be
guided, in the vote which I was about to give,—
being myself a comparatively young Senator,—by
the course which those whose wisdom and expe-
rience were far above mine, should pursue, I felt
unwilling to keep back from the Senate the omin-
ous impressions under which I labored; and I
well recollect that when I had done thus, express-
ing my doubts and apprehensions, a distinguished ,
Senator from the South, no longer of this body,
somewhat abruptly remarked, that he had heard
enough of the subject, and would vote against the
treaty. But assurances were again renewed, that
what of obscurity might still remain in the obnox-
ious article was meant merely as a protection to
the keen sensibilities of the British negotiator, and
that the treaty was understood as absolutely put-
ting an end to all pretensions of jurisdiction or
supremacy by England over any part of Central
A merica. It wad under the promptings of such
assurances that I gave my vote in favor of the
treaty; and so, I am sure, did those who voted
with me. If there be a Senator on this floor who
voted for the treaty under the impression that it
did not relieve the whole of Central America from
foreign jurisdiction and control, let him stand up,
and speak forth; I am ready to yield him the
floor.
I have seen in th^ newspapers published in this
city, a correspondence between Mr. King,and
Secretary Clayton, which is deemed by some as
implying a discrepancy between the views ex-
pressed by Mr. King in his letter, and the state-
ments made by the Senators who have spoken on
this side of the question. I do not so understand
it. It wfts, I presume, fully understood when the
treaty was under consideration, that its terms did
not refer to, or interfere with, the mere licerme—
for that is the proper term—held by Great Britain
to cut logwood at Balize; and Mr. King, in his
letter, could have meant no more than a reference
to this precarious right exercised by English sub-
jects over certain portions of the territory of Hon-
duras. Mr. King by no means intimates that any
claim to dominion which Great Britain might set
up over any part of Honduras is excluded from
the provisions of the treaty; on the contrary, he
expressly warns Mr. Clayton against the admis-
sion of any such right in the British Crown. In
a word, Mr. King's letter was nothing more than
an acknowledgment that the precarious right I
have alluded to was in no way affected by the pro-
visions of the treaty.
It is worthy of remark, and I took occasion to
advert to the fact the other day, that the first man-
ifestations we can discover of any scruple enter-
tained by the British negotiator as to the import
of the treaty, should not have exhibited them-
\ selves until two months had elapsed since its rati-
fication by the Senate. It was not until Lord
Palmerston had pondered over it, and discovered,
most likely, that its terms did not tally exactly
with bis own sentiments and wishes in reference
to it, that Mr. Bulwer deemed an explanation of
its meaning necessary. Why this anxiety, if the
language used was expressive of the intentions of
the parties? Where the necessity of any reser-
vation for the British Honduras, if it wasnotcom-
Crised within the terms of exclusion? We have
ere the best proof that Lord Palmerston himself
must have judged that the treaty affected the pre-
tensions to dominion, on the part of England, over
a part of Honduras; for there could not otherwise
have been any occasion to remonstrate as to what
meaning it should have in that particular connec-
tion. The fact is, that Lord Palmerston, forgetting
what peculiar features characterize our Govern-
ment in its connection with this body, and suppos-
ing that our Minister of State was possessed of
powers unknown to our Constitution, but the ex-
ercise of which, in other countries, is not unusual,
may have indulged some hope of effecting, by
what, in diplomatic parlance, is called a protocol,
such modifications in the treaty as might reach his
.views of what that treaty should have been. But
who amongst us was to be told that the informal
action of the two Ministers, clothed though it
comes to us with the artificial importance seem-
ingly attached to it by the Executive, has not the
weight of a feather in determining the sense in
which it should be taken ?
But admitting for a moment, that whatever pre-
tensions to dominion Great Britain might set up
over any part of Honduras were in terms excluded
from the operations of the treaty, the question still
remains, what those rights be which were not thus
renounced? We have heard much, of late, about
flibustiering and marauding. We will find, in
connection with the subject before us, a striking
example of what can be made out, in time, of an
expedition originating with a handful of bucca-
neers.
As early as 1642, we find a party of English
freebooters operating a descent upon Roatan, and
the other neighboring islands. They seem to
have anticipated what the historian Juarros writes
of the importance of their position. "They,
were," says he, "exceedingly advantageous to
' them, (the freebooters,) ana proportionately in-
' jurious to the Spaniards, because, being near the
' main land, they were enabled to make their de-
' scents whenever they pleased, and with equal fa-
' cility interrupt the commerce between the king-
'dom of Guatemala and Spain." In 1750, the
Spanish regained posession of the Islands, but
found them a waste; and in that condition they
remained until precisely one hundred years after
the first-attempt I have just alluded to. We act-
ually find England in 1742 anxious to posses*
herself of Central America, seizing on the most
important points of that continent—such asTrux-
illo on the coast, and Roatan, one of the group
that stud the Bay of Honduras. This roused the
ire of Spain, as proud then as she is at this day,
but somewhat more able to command and impose
respect. War ensues, which ends in the treaty of
1763, in which is to be found this provision :
" His Britannic Majesty shall cause to he demolished all
the fortifications which his subjects have erected in the
Bay of Honduras, and other places of the territory of Spain,
I in that part of the world, within four months," Sc., ke.
But Spain soon discovered that, in violation of
| so explicit a clause in the treaty, Great Britain
| continued in the occupancy of Roatan, and of
i the works erected on certain points of the bay.
In 1718 war is renewed, and Guatemala succeeds
in resuming possession of Roatan. The treaty
of peace concluded in 1783 apparently makes es-
k pecial reference to these islands; for, by one of its
provisions, England agrees to " abandon the con-
tinent, and all islands whatever dependent tipon-it-
Yet even this provision is evaded by England", and
in 1786, Spain, insisting on more stringent terms,
succeeds in forcing England into a supplementary
treaty, by which the latter is bound " to evacuat*
the country of the Mosquitoes, as well as the continent
in gentral, and the islands adjacent, without ex-
ception."
In 1796, the war, raging afresh, suspends the
treaty, and England is again found hovering near
j and about the islands, and holding them under
I her sway; but in May, 1797, Roatan is surren-
