1853-
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
271
heard it intimated in any quarter, that any right
winch Great Britain might have, or claim to have,
ouiMdeof that territory winch properly constituted
Centra! Ameuca, came within the scope and oper-
ation of the treaty.
I ha\e t.iken some little pains to ascertain the
geographical tact, what territory properly consti-
tutes Central Americi. 1 have a book belore me
ca'e.l •' McGregor's Progress of America," pub-
lished a Ion? time before any question of this sort
arose. He undertakes to give the divisions of the
S.mnish territory in America under the Crown, and
then after the revolutions which established the
Spanish American jepublics. The Spanish terri-
tory now in question was divided, under the mon-
archy, into the Vice Royalty of New Spain and
the Captain Generalcy of Guatemala. The Balize
or British Honduras belongs to one of these geo-
graphical divisions. It was either within the Vice
"Rova tv of New Spain, or the Captain Generalcy
of Guatemala. I have looked at the subdivisions,
and find that it does not fail within the Captain
Generalcy of Guatemala; and if it be in any of
the subdivisions within the Vice Royalty of Spain,
it is that denominated Merida or Yucatan; and if
you look at the map where British Honduras or
the Bai ze is placed, vou will find that it is sepa-
rated by the Gulf of Honduras from Honduras
proper, which constitutes a part of "Central
America," a name only given, I believe, to the
country after revolution had subverted the mon-
archy, and when the preceding political divisions
and districts which constituted Spanish Guatemala
formed the political confederation or State denom-
inated " Central America." However this may
be, you will find, by looking at the maps, that the
Balize or British Honduras is entirely surrounded
by Merida or Yucatan, and never did constitute
any portion of Honduras proper, which originally
belonged to the Captain Generalcy of Guatemala,
and fell within Central America upon the establish-
ment of that republic.
There is Mitchell's map, published in 1849, be-
fore this treaty was ratified. It lays down Hon-
duras proper, it lays down Guatemala, and all the
States constituting Central America, for Guate-
mala, in its largest sense, under the Crown of Spain
and Central America as a republic, are, in geo-
graphical language, synonymous. They mean the
same country. And when you look at Guatemala
upon the map laid down by Mitchell, the Amer-
ican geographer, you find that the Balize or Brit-
ish Homluras, is separated from Honduras proper
by the intervening Gulf of Honduras.
I have also a Spanish map before me, and upon '
it this country called British Honduras is marked
in the Spanish language on the north side of the
Gulf or Bay of Honduras—showing that it does J
not touch, and never did constitute, any part of j
Honduras proper, which fell within the political ]
division of "Central America, "or the ancient po- J
litical and geographical division known as the
Captain Generalcy of Guatemala. The gentle-
man from Michigan, therefore, if he will only take
the trouble of examining the divisions of the ter-
ritory under the Crown of Spain, and the subse-
quent divisions which took place after the revolu-
tion and establishment of the Government of
Central America, will find that the country called
the " Baiize " on some maps, and British Hondu-
ras on other maps, never did, either politically or
geographically, constitute any part of Honduras
proper, or of Guatemala, or of Central America.
There is, therefore, no expression in the treaty—
no term, no word—which includes the Balize, and
subjects it to the operation of the treaty.
Here, sir, is the Spanish map, showing the truth
of what I have stated. Here is our own map,
m8de in 1849, before the ratification of the treaty,
verifying what I have stated. Here is also the
history of the times, or, to use a word which is
much in vogue, " the progress of America, "show-
ing that under the monarchy the Balize constituted
no part of Honduras, Guatemala, or Central Amer-
ica; arid that, under the republic, it constituted no
part of either; and hence was not included in the
treaty. Well might Mr. Clayton say, then, in
his correspondence with Sir Henry Bulwer, that
the treaty never was supposed to allude to any
Biitish interest connected with the "Balize" or
" Bri ish Honduras "—both meaning the same
country. The latter name was doubtless given to
it because it happens to bound upon the bay called
Honduras. i.
So much for the controversy in regard to the
continent—that portion of land lying upon the
continent. A few words now with regard to the
islands.
Is it pretended that this treaty has any relation
to any of the islands? Who dreams of it? No
one. An island is not included by name, by ref-
erence, or by anything of the sort. How, then,
does that question stand ? If you mean to make
an issue under the Monroe doctrine, in conse-
quence of the present colonization of islands by
Great Britain, it is a matter wholly disconnected
with the treaty. The treaty has nothing to do
with it whatever. The present Administration
has had nothing to do with that matter. It is for
the succeeding Administration to take it in hand.
It is a subject brought in here without any bear-
ing upon the past. It cannot be made a basis
%pon which to criminate the Administration of
General Taylor in regard to this treaty. It is a
new matter, with which that Administration had
nothing in the world to do. ltdoes not appear that
these settlements were made at that time, or that
the attention of that Administration was called to
them. So far, then, as relates to the question
growing out of the settlement of the islands referred
to, it is a matter for the incoming Administration
to handle. The present Administration has had
nothing to do with it. It may constitute the basis
of a new treaty; but until the regular diplomatic
agencies of the country have taken the subject up,
it seems to me that it is altogether premature and
improper for the Senate to be speaking, by way
of anticipation, in regard to a matter to which the
attention of the Government has never been called,
and which the diplomatic organ of the country has
never taken into consideration.
I have deemed it to be my duty to present these
evidences and geographical facts, to show that the
whole of the argument, from the commencement,
has been based upon an error in point of geograph-
ical knowledge. Gentlemen have proceeded upon
the supposition that British Honduras constituted
a part of that Honduras which is included in, and
constitutes a part of the Captain Generalcy of Gua-
temala, or "Central America." There lies the
error. British Honduras is surrounded by Yu-
catan, which is claimed by Mexico as part of her
territory, and as one of the Mexican States.
Yucatan, however, asserts her independence of
Mexico. I recollect very well, that when the
Merida Indians revolted against the authority of
the State of Yucatan, we had a discussion on the
subject some years ago, in which the fact of this
quasi independence of Yucatan from Mexico was
spoken of by Senators then upon this floor.
If Senators will look at the maps, they will see
that British Honduras never was a part of Cen-
tral America, but detached from it by the inter-
vening Bay of Honduras, and surrounded, except
on the sea-shore, by the Territory of Yucatan. I
have an impression that Yucatan was a separate
colony, not connected with Mexico or Guatemala,
at a time prior to the revolution and establish-
ment of republics. However that may be, I feel
confident, after throwing off the Spanish yoke,
Yucatan was in alienage with Mexico, and refused
for a length of time to acknowledge her authority.
Mr. BORLAND. I wish to ask my friend
from Kentucky a question. He says that what
is called British Honduras and these islands do
not belong to what is generally known as the po-
litical community of Honduras—the State of Hon-
duras, or whatever its name may'be; and there-
fore is not included within the treaty. Will he
be so good as to tell me to what geographical di-
vision of the world these islands, and this country
called British Honduras, belong? My reason for
asking the question is this: I find in the treaty
that Great Britain not only excludes herself from
the right of occupying, colonizing, and settling
permanently Guatemala, Nicaragua, Costa Rica,
and the Mosquito country, but also " any part of
Central America. " Now, does what the Senator
calls British Honduras, and these islands, belong
to "any part of Central America?"
Mr. UNDERWOOD. In answer to the gen-
tleman's question, I may say this: I suppose that
all the islands within three leagues of the shore in
front of that Honduras which constitutes a part
of Central America,area portion of Central Ameri-
ca. I think, if it can be shown that the authori-
ties of Great Britain have taken possession of an
island thus situated, it would be a violation of the
! treaty. That is my opinion, because all the isl-
1 ands thus situated are regarded as appurtenant
and belonging to the main land, according to the
laws of nations, and hence fall within the usual
jurisdiction which tliey exercise; but I am not ad-
vised, and no one has said that any one of the
islands Great Britain has taken possession of and
is about, to colonize, is thus situated. Without, a
know ledge of the fact, therefore, I cannot say
whether the treaty has been violated or not; but I
will say, that if she has taken possession of an
island within three leagues of the shore, it is a
violation of the tieaty.
Mr. BORLAND. The gentleman does not
properly understand my question. It was, not
whether these islands belonged to Honduras, but
whether what he c^Js British Honduras and these
islands constitute any part of Central America;
and if not, to what geographical division of the
world they do belong ?
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Weir, sir, I have al-
ready shown that British Honduras is no part of
Central America, but was part of Yucatan, in the
Vice Royalty of New Spam, or Mexico; and as
regards the islands not appurtenant to the shore,
I suppose they belong to that geographical divis-
ion of the earth which I can turn to on the map,
embracing Cuba, Antigua, and all the rest of the
" West India Islands," and so classified, I be-
lieve, upon all our maps. They are laid down
upon the maps as islands situated in the Gulf of
Mexico, and bear the name of "West India Isl-
ands," and are owned by the different nations of
Europe, except Hayti, which has, by revolt and
massacre, established her independence.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. President, as my friend
from Kentucky seems to have informed himself
upon this subject, I wish to propound an inquiry
to him, rather by way of informing mysejf, if it
can be answered, than otherwise. Will he be
pleased to tell me to what political dominion Brit-
ish Honduras belongs—whether to Guatemala or
Honduras ? I believe it is granted that Great
Britain has no sovereignty there. She has but a
license right—but a temporary possession—a rev-
ocable right—if 1 may be allowed to use that ex-
pression. I wish to know of the gentleman to
what dominion that country, to which she has
this right, does belong? Does British Honduras
belong politically to Guatemala, or any other
State of Central America ?
Mr UNDERWOOD. I will answer the gen-
! tleman with a great deal of pleasure; because that
! is the thing which I have been trying to explain
' all the while, and I am just beginning to be at-
tended to. British Honduras, or Balize, never
I constituted any part of Honduras proper, either
! according to the division of the territory under the
Crown, or underthe Republics. Honduras prop-
er, as laid down upon the map, does constitute a
part of Central America.
Mr. BUTLER. Is it a part of Guatemala?
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Honduras pioper, was
part of Guatemala, when that name was used by
geographers, under the Captain Geneialcy, to em-
brace the whole of Central America. Guatemala
has now a more restricted signification,and means
one of the States carved out of the territory of
the confederation upon the breaking up of the
republic of Central America; but British Hondu-
ras never was a Dart of Guatemala in any sense.
It never was apart of the Central American State
of Honduras proper; and if gentlemen will only
look at the map, they will find that what is called
British Honduras, is nothing but the British Ba-
lize. We confound places because of the similarity
of names. British Honduras is separated by the
Gulf of Honduras, from that Honduras which lies
in Central America, and constitutes a part of it.
British Honduras is no more a part of Central
America than is Yucatan. It is a little strip of
country about a hundred miles long, and about
twenty or thirty miles wide. It belonged, origin-
ally, to Yucatan; and, under the monarchy of
Spain, it belonged to the Vice Royalty of New
Spain or Mexico. That was the political division
to which it was then attached. When the revolu-
tion severed the authority of Sp.ain, and when, by
it, the power of the Spanish Crown was taken
away, the republics were established, and this
country, called Yucatan, became independent of
Mexico; the Merida Indians, constituting a part of
Yucatan, and holding a portion, perhaps, of this
very territory of British Honduras or Balize, as-
