272
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 12.
serted their independence, and were very near es-
tablishing it some yearsago. Gentlemen can ascer-
tain a!! these facts by looking at the maps, and at
the books which give the information; and if they
do that, they will find that the Bulwer and Clay-
ton treaty never had anything to do with the
Balize or British Honduras—that that country
never was a part of Central America, and the con-
cession that it was, is altogether against the truth
of geography. I rose to state these facts. Having
done so, I sliall take my seat without going at all
into the inquiry whether Great Britain has any
title, or right to dispose of the soil, and to settle
the country called Balize, or British Honduras,
as her colony. It is not only premature, butmis-
chievous, by such a discussion as this, to under-
take to settle titles, and to commit ourselves with-
out a thorough investigation !h behalf of the title
either of England, Spain, Mexico or Yucatan, or
of the aboriginal Indians.
Mr. GWIX. I move that we proceed to the
consideration of the special order of the day.
Mr. MANGUM. Will the honorable Senator
withdraw that motion for a few moments?
Mr. GWIX. I would submit to the honorable
Senator from North Carolina that my object is to
get up the special order, and then adjourn upon it,
so as to have it come up early in the morning as
the unfinished business.
Mr. MANGUM. Perhaps we do not differ as
to that point.
Mr. GrWIN. I withdraw my motion.
Mr. MANGUM. I rise, Mr. President,simply
for the purpose of remarking that, in my humble
judgment, this whole discussion is useless for any
public purpose, and injurious to many interests
no w pending before Congress. This debate started
originally with a sort of assault upon the late
Secretary of State, John M. Clayton,and the late
Whig %dministration of General Taylor. That
assault has been repelled most signally at every
point of the line; and with the fecundities of our
Democratic friends, it has undergone a'Protean
change, and now it is war with Great Britain.
Sir, I hope the resolutions will be introduced, and
referred to the appropriate committee.
Mr. SEWARD. What resolutions?
Mr. MANGUM. Resolutions of war with
Great Britain, to be sure. [Laughter.] They
have given up the assault upon John M. Clayton.
I predicted yesterday, in Executive session, that
they were doing more for him than he would per-
haps be able to do for himself, and to-day a tele-
graphic dispatch has been received, by which I
Bee that he has been elected a member of this
body, and will in a short time be upon this floor
as one of our peers, able to speak for himself.
I think these war measures had better go over.
There is nothing before the Senate, as I understand
from the Chair; but if there were I should move
that it lie on the table. At all events, I shall per-
sist in resisting any further discussion upon this
subject. The wounded must take care of them-
selves as well as they can, or be left to the tender
care of their associates. There have been some
curious flutterings during this discussion. Never
was there an assault made upon an enemy's line
in the world which has met with a more signal fail-
ure. The assailants have been utterly routed;
and if they can gather up their broken elements
and amputate the limbs of the wounded, perhaps
I, for one, shall rejoice. I intend presently to
move an adjournment, in order that we may come
here fresh to-morrow morning, and be enabled to
go to work upon useful business, and get rid of
these mere partisan discussions. It shows great
alertness and patriotic anxiety to the country on
the part of those gentlemen who originated this
discussion. Let these questions be tested in due
form, and let them not be brought up in this irreg-
ular manner. 5
Sir, I am not going into this subject to-day.
i esterday, in Executive session, I expressed mv
views upon it. I merely wish to say,.in order that j
it may go before the country, that, as a member
of the Committee on Foreign Relations, it never
entered into my head, or that of any other mem-
ber of the committee, according to my recollec-
tion, that any Bn£ish right, whether good or bad
to the Balize, no matter under what pretense it
was held, was to be affected by die treaty called 1
the Clayton and Bulwer treaty. The great effort
was upon the Mosquito king. There we obtained I
everything we desired; that is incontestable. I '
I
i will not go into that question at all. I will not
undertake to say how it is that at this late period
it could have entered into the minds of gentlemen
that this whole matter was adjusted by the treaty.
How they should have got such an idea, is to me
inconceivable.
This matter, in the way in which it com-
menced, was a very beautiful political operation;
and if it is to be carried out to the extent which
the language of gentlemen seems to indicate, it
may lead to a declaration of war against Great
Britain. But I rather apprehend that what the
sagacious Senator from New Hampshire has fairly
and justly predicted will be the result—an igno-
minious backing out.
Sir, with a view that men's minds may settle
down from the extreme agitation growing out of
this infuriated debate, I now very humbly submit
a motion which I apprehend will meet with thi^
universal concurrence of the Senate, and that is,
that we do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, January 12, 1853.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Rev. James Gallaher.
The Journal ofyesterday was read and approved.
Mr. HENN, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported back as correctly enrolled the fol- ,
lowing bills; which thereupon severally received
the signature of the Speaker, viz:
An act for the relief of William Speiden;
An act authorizing the Secretary of the Treas- !
ury to issue a new register to the ship Prentice, ;
and change her name to that of Leonie; !
An act for the relief of Sydney S. Alcott; 1
An act for the relief of John T. Sullivan; and '
An act granting a pension to Mrs. Elizabeth V.
Lomax.
Mr. DEAN. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to introduce a bill for the purpose of
having it referred.
Mr. LETCHER, I object, and call for the
regular order of business.
RETIRED LIST IN THE ARMY.
Mr. GORMAN. There is upon the Speaker's
table a bill from the Senate to provide for a retired
list in the Army of the United States. It is im-
portant that that bill should be before the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs if it is expected that it
will be acted upon at the present session of Con-
gress. The bill has passed the Senate several
times before, and has failed in the House for want
of time. I therefore ask that the bill may be taken
up and referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs. 1
Mr. ORR. I object to it.
BINDING THE CENSUS REPORT.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I am instructed
by the Committee on Printing to offer the follow-
ing resolution:
Resolved, That the copies of the report of the Snnprin-
tendent of the Census, of December 1st, 1852, ordered by
the House to be printed, be bound by the House contractor,
under the direction of the House members of the Joint
Committee on Printing.
I hold in my hand, Mr. Speaker, the report of
the Superintendent of the Census, rendered to the
secretary of the Treasury, on the 1st of Decem-
ber, 1852, and which was yesterday ordered by
the House to be printed for the use of the mem-
bers. It is a large book, as the House will see. It
contains abouttme hundred and twenty-fivepagres.
and it is too valuable to be sent to the country in
its present shape without being bound. I suppose
this is the only part of the result of the lab6rs of
the Superintendent of the Census, and those who
took the census, that will get to the people. The
large volume to be published hereafter will be
placed m the public libraries, but will never reach
the people. This report is perhaps all they will
ever get of this census. The Committee on Print-
ing suppose it will be more acceptable to the peo-
ple, and more apt to be preserved, if it is bound,
l hey believe that it will cost but a trifle, and have
directed me to report this resolution.
STEPHENS, of Georgia. I agree with
the gentleman from Kentucky, that it is advisable
to have this report bound; but I would suggest to
him the propriety of having the tables printed in
the last report embodied in this, so that they may
go together. It would make the volume of a better
size for binding; and we should then be able to
disseminate all those valuable tables of manufac-
turing, and other statistics that were spread before
th« country in the Congressional Globe during the
last session, in the form of a manual, so that they
could be preserved. It will make a compendium
of the census in the shape of a small volume or
manual. I would therefore suggest that the reso-
lution be recommitted to the Committee on Print-
ing, with instructions to inquire into the expedi-
ency of having reprinted and published in the same
small volume the tables of the;last report.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I have no ob-
jection at all to that.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. • I would inquireof
the gentleman from Georgia if he refers to the ta-
bles printed in the Congressional Globe last ses-
sion ?
Mr. STEPHENS. Yes.
Mr. JONES. Are they not all embodied in the
report which was ordered to be printed yester-
day ?
Mr. STEPHENS. No, sir, not a single one of
them; and unless we reprint them there will be no
access at all to those valuable tables.
Mr. JONES. I suppose that when the report
of the census is completed, there will be a large
edition of it containing everything printed.
Mr. STEPHENS. Possibly, but that will be
a huge volume, while the present report with those
tables will make a small manual that will do for
circulation throughout the country. A hundred
thousand copies can be printed for a very few
thousand dollars.
Mr. HUNTER. I would inquire of the gentle-
man from Kentucky, who reported this resolution,
if the binding of this book will not cost about
twice as much as the book itself?
Mr. STANTON. No, sir, I think not. The
binding will cost about eight cents a copy, and the
printing of the book will cost about six cents a
' copy.
Mr. HUNTER. The gentleman can correct
1 me if I am wrong, but I understand that the print-
] ing will cost about $5,000, while the binding will
cost between $8,000 and #9,000. Is that so?
, Mr. STANTON. The binding is estimated to
I cost about $8,000, and the printing about $6,000.
Mr. JONES of Tennessee. " I would inquire of
| the gentleman from Kentucky, if the contract for
i binding is not twelve and a half cents a volume?
[ Mr. STANTON. The contract for binding
i books containing three hundred and fifty pages or
more is twelve an,d a half cents a volume. But be-
fore I made this report I consulted the contractor,
1 who informed me that it could be done for eight
cents a volume. If you include the tables pro-
posed by the gentleman from Georgia, of course
it will cost something more to bind the volume.
The object of the committee is to JiaVe this report
bound in as cheap a form as possible.
Mr. STEPHENS. I suppose that the tables
I allude to will not increase the cost of binding the
book; they will not swell the volume more than
sixteen pages.
Mr. STANTON. If they do not increase it
more than sixteen pages, I presume the cost of
binding will not be increased.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. You have no con-
tract for binding less than three hundred and fifty
pages.
Mr. GORMAN. I desire to say a few words
in regard to this question. The House of Repre-
sentatives at the last session of Congress provide^
for the publication of a hundred thousand copies
of the abstract of the census to which the gen-
tleman from Georgia has alluded. This session
they have ordered a hundred thousand copies of
the report of the Superintendent of the Census,
which accompanied the President's message, to be
printed. You are publishing from time to time
parts of the census. You have already published
what may be said to be two volumes, unbound,
and you have ordered one to be printed during
mis session which it is now proposed to bind.
You will then have pubjished in these three vol-
umes portions of the statistical information other
than that which appertains to the number of in-
habitants, which such gentlemen as the gentleman
from Georgia, [Mr. Stephens,] with his peculiar
views, believe this Government has a constitu-
tional right to gather. You will by and by have
