1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
275
bankm? institutions upon the judicial guillotine as
did the Stale of Mississippi? Did they do it?
Mr. AVERETT. They did not.
Mr. FREEMAN. They did not do it! Then
go home and vindicate your honor, and not laugh
at Mississippi until you have done so.
Mr. AVERETT. I have been doing so for
nearly a quarter of a century.
Mr. FREEMAN. The gentleman had better
preach morals to Virginia than to set up here and
attempt to throw odium on Mississippi.
Mr. AVERETT. Such was not my purpose.
I ask leave of my friend to correct him. It was
not mr design, by any means, to throw odium
up«n his State. 1 glory in the fact that she has
crushed that system, and I would like every State
in the Union to follow her example. She has done
nobly. She has reformed; and I wish to God
every other State would go as far as she has done.
I glory in the reform she has accomplished. I
glory in it, because it proves the necessity of
standing up unflinchingly against a swindling
paper currency, and especially one that is perpe-
trated notwithstanding the positive prohibitions of
law.
Mr. FREEMAN. The gentleman's explana-
tion is satisfactory; but I hope he will not repeat
his stealing story again until Virginia has followed
the example of Mississippi in the banishment of
the banking system.
I have little more to say to my friend from Vir-
ginia. He says this bill of his does not recog-
nize the existence of notes above ten dollars.
Now, he admits that these little notes are a very
great source of grievance, and will go any length
to break up the system of issuing them, but as
soon as they grow up to five or ten dollars, they
are a very convenient thing, and are not to be in-
terfered with. The gentleman must see that the
same authority that issues the one, two, three, or
four dollar notes, also issues the ten, twenty, fifty,
or hundred dollar notes! The great objection to
this bill is, that it allows a great nuisance to per-
vade this District with impunity, while for the
lesser nuisance, it—
" Puts in every honest hand a whip,
To lash the rascals naked through the world."
[A message was here received from the Senate
by the hands of Asbury Dickins, its Secretary,
announcing the passage by that body of sundry
bills.]
Mr. FREEMAN, (resuming.) It is not my
intention—and I hope the members of the com-
mittee will not so regard my remarks—to complain
of the course they have seen fit to pursue. It was
explained on yesterday, that petitions, simply to
get rid of the grievance of small notes, had been
referred to that committee. I propose, that while
we are getting rid of little grievances, we also take j
in hand great grievances. We can spend our time
very profitably in getting rid of the whole, so far I
as Congress is concerned.
The objection which the gentleman makes to
my amendment, if he makes any, is one which
cannot bear the scrutiny of investigation at all.
Having disposed of all the points in controversy,
having shown that a paper currency is not essen-
tial to the wants of the District of Columbia, hav-
ing shown that a gold and silver currency is all-
gufficient for the purposes of the people of the Dis-
trict and that petitions against small notes have
already been Sent to this committee, what is there
left of the case? I ask every thinking man in the
House, what there is left for Congress to do? Will
you countenance the existence of paper currency
Dy voluntary associations here, which may break
on any day, and thereby swindle the community.
What was the excuse for insolvency in the case
of .Mr. Gallaher, who had a large establishment
under the name of the Bank of the Union ?—a great
name that, Mr. Chairman, and it gave his notes
currency and credit. When I saw in his publica-
tion the explanation that his bank had broken in
consequence of " circumstances over which he had no
control," I suppose that he metint to say that pov-
erty, and a icanf of specie in his vault, were the
"circumstances over which I had no control"—
that he never had specie enough to meet the bills
he had issued under the style of the "Bank of the
Union." Such were the circumstances not under
his control. '
Well, sir, what else did he say in his publica-
tion ? He said that when the State of Maryland
passed a law prohibiting the issue of small notes, I
he broke. What does it prove? It shows that
these petty-larceny banks have no specie basis of
their own, and when the small notes of their co-la-
borers are withdrawn, they also " step out of the
city for a few days," and finally pay a few cents
on the dollar, to show their honesty. They make
these shtnplaster notes payable in the small notes
of another bank. So it goes on upon the princi-
ple of " you tickle me and I'll tickle you."
Now, sir, a word in regard to the probable exe-
cution of this law. The bill reported by the com-
mittee is, I think, too long, and undertakes to be
too specific. I have never seen a lengthy crim-
inal statute drawn, which an ingenious lawyer
would not pick to pieces. I will not undertake,
here in my place, to pick this bill to pieces, but I
simply call attention to the fact, that a long law,
one that undertakes to specify great many
things, is almost always imperfect and ineffect-
ual, and hard to carry into execution in a court of
justice. There is no difficulty about the subject-
matter. We all want to put an end to this evil,
and the way to do it is to say, in the plainest
words in the English language, that paper money
shall not be issued within this District.
I have already said that in my amendment, it is
provided, as far as it can be, that the circulation
of the different States of the Union shall not be
current here in less denominations than ten dollars.
That is a sufficient accommodation for the commer-
cial community.
I have not heard a single reason urged in behalf
of this bill, that is not a better argument in favor
of the amendment, than it is in favor of the ori-
ginal bill. I have no particular attachment to this
amendment. My object is to cure the evil.
And now I ask the honorable chairman of the
committee, if this amendment will not more cer-
tainly and effectually cure the evil and rid Con-
gress of the responsibility of the paper circulation
in this District, than the bill which he proposes?
Mr. F1CKLIN. If my friend desires an an-
swer, I will say that in regard to his amendment I
j have heard it read, and 1 am of the opinion that
I it will not rid the District of this evil so well as
| the original bill. In the greater portion of the
States of the Union the circulation of small notes
is tolerated; and I think it is impossible to pass a
bill in this House which will exclude all paper
, under the denomination of ten dollars. I do not
j believe it can be done. I think it is impracticable.
I believe we can gain more by passing the present
bill excluding paper under live dollars, and then
strike at other reforms hereafter if we find that we
can accomplish them, than we can by attempting
to prohibit the circulation of all under the denom-
ination of ten dollars.
Mr. FREEMAN. Will the gentleman state
the practical difference between excluding five
dollar bills and excluding ten dollar bills under the
operation of the law.
Mr. FICKLIN. I will state to the honorable
memberfrom Mississippi that a difference has been
made in this District for a number of years past.
As I understand it there is no law in this District
prohibiting the circulation of bills of five dollars
and upwards. There is a law prohibiting the cir-
culation of bills of less denomination than five
dollars, and to do so is made an indictable offense.
The legislation of Congress for years past has
made a distinction between bills under the denom-
ination of five dollars and bills over that amount.
The State of Maryland, neighbor to this Dis-
trict, has passed a law recently, one part of which
went into operation last October, and another part
will go into force in March next. That branch
which went into effect in October related to bills
issued without the limits of the State, and excluded
such small bills from circulation in Maryland.
That portion which goes into operation in March
next relates to the banking institutions of the
State, and prohibits the issue by them, and the
circulation of bills of less denomination than five
dollars.
Virginia also, I understand,makes a distinction
between what i^called a shinplaster currency, and
bills of five dollars and upwards.
I undertake to say to my friend from Missis-
sippi, that there are not five States in this Union
that exclude the circulation of paper under ten dol-
lars, or even under five dollars. I hold it is im-
possible for us to pass an effective bill through
Congress, which shall exclude paper of that de-
nomination; but I believe we can pass a bill which
shall exclude this shinplaster paper under five dol-
lars, and one that will be effective, and cure the
evil. If we strike for more than that now we shall
do nothing.
Mr. FREEMAN. The gentleman has not an-
swered my question. He says there is a law in
the District making it a criminal offense to issue
bills under the denomination of five dollars, which
is disregarded. That proves that this bill cannot
be enforced. Now, he proposes to renew the same
law, prohibiting the issue of bills under five dollars.
Mr. FICKLIN. My friend is mistaken, if he
calls this a proposition for renewing the same law.
Mr. FREEMAN. The same law, with the
addition of some more specific and stringent rules
for its execution, and the same rules that will pro-
hibit less than fire, will prohibit less than ten, and
all above ten dollars.
Mr. FICKLIN. I propose certain provisions
which, in my judgment,—and about which there
can be no mistake,—will fully and abundantly ex-
clude the circulation of every description of paper
under five dollars, if this act goes into effect.
Mr. FREEMAN. The gentleman is still at
fault, and fails to show how it is more difficult to
suppress tens than Jives. I do not question the
gentleman's intention, or the intention of the com-
mittee. They admit that the small notes are an
evil. I think large notes are a greater evil.
Now, I will call the attention of the gentleman
to some criticisms which may be made upon this
bill.
Mr. M1LLSON, (interrupting.) I desire to
call the attention of my friend from Mississippi,
[Mr. Freeman,] to the phraseology employed by
him in his proposed substitute. It is where he de-
clares that " it shall not be lawful to make, emit, or
utter, within the District of Columbia, any species
of currency or money whatever, except the con-
stitutional coins of the United States." Does he,
in making that exception, intend to make it law-
ful for any person within the District of Colum-
bia, to make the constitutional coins of the United
States? Does he intend to authorize the coining ot
money by individuals within the District? Again;
I would ask him if he considers the British guinea
a constitutional coin of the United States? and if
he does not, is a man to be subject to confinement
in the penitentiary for circulating or passing a
British guinea, or any other foreign coin within
the District of Columbia?
Mr. FREEMAN. The question put by the
gentleman has evidently been deliberately consid-
ered, and brought forth in all its maturity. Does
the gentleman suppose that an amendment of this
kind would alter the Constitution of the United
States? Does not the amendment say " the con-
stitutional coins of the United States?" And yet
the gentleman wants to know if I propose to do
that which is unconstitutional. The gentleman in-
quires if I propose to permit anybody in the United
States, to make and emit the coins of the United
States, or of Great Britain ? Need I say to the
gentleman that the Constitution of the United
States does not allow any such thing, and that my
amendment forbids it.
Mr. MILLSON. I apprehend that the gentle-
i man from Mississippi does not comprehend my
! meaning. The language of the substitute is, that
! " no person, after the passage of this act, shall be
| at liberty to make or utter any species of currency
within the District of Columbia, except the'consti-
tutional coins of the United States." That word
"make" seemed to imply an authority to make
the constitutional coins of the United States; and
inasmuch as it is declared, that it shall not be law-
ful to utter within the District of Columbia any
but the constitutional coins of the Wnited States, I
merely drew his attention to the fact that there ane
many foreign coins, not constitutional coins,
which are legalized by acts of Congress, and whose
specific value are given by those acts, and which
certainly he did not intend to prevent the circula-
tion of.
Mr. FREEMAN. If foreign coins are legal-
ized by acts of Congress, they become " constitu-
tional coins," because Congress is authorized by
the Constitution to fix the value of foreign coins,
and when thus fixed they become " constitutional
coins." If the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Millson] did not meditate upon his question, then
it sprung from his brain like Minerva from the
brain of Jupiter, full grown, and I congratulate
him upon his offspring. There is no difficulty, in
