1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
277
committed a great, a grievous offense. It is so in
regard to these notes. They are worth nothing.
It is our duty to put a stop to this thing, and ex- ;
pose all men who issue these fraudulent notes here
to punishment in the shape of penalties. You
will thus interest every one in this city who has
been swindled to be informers, and the end will be
obtained. 1 desire practical and effectual legisla-
tive action.
Mr. CARTTER. I wish to say that this bill
does pro\ ide, to some extent, for the cases con-
templated liy the gentleman from North Carolina,
[Mr. Venable.J
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. However we may
disagree individually as to the provisions of this
bill, I presume that mere is one subject upon
which tnere is a great unanimity of opinion in
this House, and that is, that there is an existing
•Til in tins District, with which the people living
here and those who are sojourning here are cursed,
an unauthorized pacer circulation within the limits
of this District. The object of those who have
spoken upon this subject seems to be to correct
this evil and to prevent this abuse within the Dis-
trict. 1 have read this bill carefully, and though
I do not profess to be able legally to analyze it,
take it to pieces and point out all its defects, yet
I think, as I understand it, that with very few
alterations it will effect the object desired in regard
to the subject under consideration. What are
the provisions of this bill and the pending question
before us ? The first section of the bill as reported
by the committee prohibits, or is framed with a
view to prohibit, the making or issuing within
this District of paper promises to pay money or
any valuable thing of less denomination than five
dollars. This it seems all are anxious to effect.
What is the amendment immediately pending be-
fore the House, proposed by the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Cartter r] It is to strike from this
section so much of this bill as confines its pro-
visions to the denominations of notes under five
dollars. If we do that—if we strike out that pro-
vision—we then make it apply to all the issues
within the District of Columbia. The question
for the committee to determine is whether they wilt
do that or not. Is it desirable to prevent the issue
in this District of all denominations of paper in-
tended for circulation ? I think myself that it is
most desirab't. I
But the question now pending upon the amend- t
raent, as I understand it, is not whether we will j
prohibit the circulation of paper in this District, i
but whether we will prohibit the manufacture and :
issue of unauthorized paper in this District. There
is no law, as I understand, which authorizes in- j
dividuals or associations, whether incorporated or
not, to make or emit any of this currency intended |
to be passed as such. The first section of the bill !
as it stands proposes to prohibit the further issue |
of unauthorized currency under five dollars. It
says nothing as it stands with regard to illegal
and unauthorized emissions above five dollars.
What is the difference?
Mr. FICKLIN. I wish to set my friend from
Tennessee [Mr. Jones] right in regard to the mat-
ter about which he seemed upon yesterday, and
as he seems to day to be mistaken, and it is this:
He seems to be of the opinion that bank paper
cannot be issued by individuals or associations
unless by express authority of law.
Mr. JONES. The gentleman is mistaken if he
•o understands me. I hold this to be correct, that
perhaps in the absence of any law upon the sub-
ject, each individual has a right to make his prom-
issory notes and put them in circulation, if the
community will receive and pass them. But I
say that a matter in which the welfare of every-
body is so deeply involved, should be the subject
of the laws of the country. If you are to have a :
paper circulation it should be regulated by law;
it should be authorized by law; and the responsi-
bility of those issuing and putting it into circula-
tion should be prescribed and fixed by law.
Mr. FICKLIN. I concur fully in the opinion
that is expressed by my friend from Tennessee, 1
[Mr. Jones.] It will be recollected by him that
the charters of the banks of this District expired
on Ihe very year, I brieve, that we both took our
seats in Congress. I.i 1843 or '44 the bank char- 1
ters expired, and there was a refusal to renew them.
Then the banks took the opinion of eminent coun- i
sel in this District, and they decided that those I
individuals s.i associations had the right to issue I
j notes, and they went on banking upon their own
i hook as private corporations.
Mr. JONES. They must have made that decis-
ion upon the ground that there being no law in
the District prohibiting the issuing of these bank
notes, it was competent for them to do it. I wish
to correct that opinion, and not only prohibit by
law the issue of five dollars or under without au-
thority of law, but to prohibit the issuing and
circulation of all denominations of notes pnssing
for currency within this District. If it is desira-
ble to have such places in this District for the
manufacture of this paper to pass as currency, let
this Congress or the next one, take up the sub-
ject and prescribe by law, in what manner and
under what restrictions and penalties, and re-
sponsibilities the issue and circulation of paper
currency shall be exercised within this District.
The question immediately before the committee
is, whether we will forbid the issue of the denom-
inations of notes below five dollars, and thereby
by implication permit the issue of notea above
five dollars. I hope that the amendment of the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Cartter,] will pre-
vail, and that we will make this bill what it ought to
be, a prohibition of banks of emission within this
District, whether corporated or unincorporated.
The second section of the bill prohibits the keep-
ing of any banking-house or office of issue of notes
for circulation under five dollars within the Dis-
trict. This I would again follow up and make
conform to the amendment of the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Cartter,] in the first section, to pro-
hibit thekeeping of any house, office, stall, or booth,
or any other place within the limits of this District,
for the manufacture and emission of any paper
currency whatever. If at any future time, it shall
be thought advisable by Congress to authorize the
issuance of paper, the law by which they shall
authorize it, underproper restrictions, would repeal
so much of this as prohibits every sort of emis-
, sion, and that law would be in force so far as its
positions went.
! I would not vote for any issue of any bank to
pass for money but gold and silver, either here or
in any other part of the country. 1 do not believe
that there is any power in this Government, Fed-
eral or State, to incorporate banks of issue. I
thiftk that of all the things I have ever heard of in
my life, the most absurd is the assertion that the
sovereign States of this Union surrendered the
power and sovereignty under which they could
| coin money out of metal and retained the power i
of making the most miserable representative and
shadow of money.
The next section of this bill, sir, prohibits the
circulation within the District of notes under five
dollars, whether issued within this District or
without this District. That section, I believe, will
do without amendment; because I do not under-
stand it to be the intention of the committee, or of
this House, to prevent the circulation within this
District of the paper of banks in the States which
are legally authorized, perhaps, in the estimation of
those engaged in them, by those States. The ob-
ject of the bill is not to prohibit or prevent the
circulation of all paper of every description with-
in this District.
Mr. AVERETT. If we tolerate an issue of
any sort within this District, in the teeth of the
laws as they now exist, it follows, as a matter of
course, that notes may be issued in those States
in which they are not prohibited, and by means of
agencies here put into circulation and effectually
bring our law into contempt.
Mr. JONES. The section which I have just
passed prohibits all banking-offices, banking-
houses or agencies here for the issuance of notes
which have been filled up, signed, and made with-
out the District, and this section prohibits the
sending into the District of notes under five dol-
lars issued without the District. It prevents notes
under five dollors.no matter where they are issued,
from being circulated within the District. That
is the fifth section.
The sixth section declares that all contracts :
made within this District, the consideration of
which, or any part of the consideration of which,
may be notes under five dollars, or any other cur-,
rency prohibited in this bill, shall be null and void
to all intents and purposes. That is a sufficient j
prohibition against the loaning of this currency by !
those who may bring it into the District, or those ;
who might wish to make it within the District.
The seventh section prohibits certain persons in
this District—enumerating all those who are doing
business under the authority of licenses from the
corporate cities of Georgetown and Washington
from taking, passing, or receiving any note of
any description, no matter where issued, under
five dollars; also, that they shall not receive or
pass any note within this District, which is pay-
able in anything else except the legal coin of the
United States, the gold and silver of the country.
Any violation of this provision is punishable by
forfeiture of the license for twelve months, and it
is made the duty of the proper legal officers here,
upon application, or notice, to sue out a scire
facias, or to institute other suitable legal proceed-
ings against such persons as violate this law.
By the eighth section.it is made the duty of cer-
tain officers of this District to inform the grand
jury of all violations of this act, that may come
to their knowledge; and it is also made the duty
of the Secretary of State to furnish to the officers of
the District copies of this law, to be delivered to
the various officers, and to the grand jury, at each
term of the criminal court, that they may have the
law before them, and may bring those who vio-
late its provisions to account.
Sir, if the gentleman from North Carolina [Mr.
Venable] had examined the bill, he would have
found in the ninth section the very thing which he
desires.
Mr. VENABLE. So I knew, but my remarks
were addressed to the amendment of the gentle-
man from Mississippi, [Mr. Freeman.]
Mr. JONES. The ninth section provides that
there shall be a qui tarn action—that is, half the
penalty shall go to the informer, and the other half
to the city of Washington.
Mr. MEADE. That only applies to five dollar
notes.
Mr. JONES. Well, if we strike out the pro-
vision about five dollar notes or about notes under
five dollars, it will apply to all violations of this
law. The bill provides in other places, that the
offenses against which it is directed, shall be pun-
ishable by indictment, and upon conviction, by
fine and imprisonment. But it also provides that
a person having been convicted upon an indict-
ment, shall not afterwards be subject to a qui tarn
action, or if he has had judgment rendered against
him in a qui tarn prosecution, that he shall not
thereafter be indicted for the same offense.
Now, Mr. Chairman, ifthe committee will adopt
the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Cartter,] and carry it out through the bill, they
will make, in my opinion, a good law—one which
will meet the emergency of the case—one which
will prevent the further issuance of these notes
within the District—one which will prevent the
issuance of notes of any denomination, until they
shall be authorized by law of Congress.
If the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio
prevails, the question is not—as some gentlemen
seem to suppose—whether Congress will prohibit
entirely the circulation of all notes within the Dis-
trict. But the question is whether we will pro-
hibit the circulation of all notes under the denom-
ination of five dollars, and of all notes issued in
this District not authorized by law; and further,
whether we will prohibit within this District, the
circulation as money, of all notes of every denom-
ination, without regard to the place of their issue,
which shall be made payable in other bank notes,
or in anything else, except gold and silver—the
legal current coin of the United States.
Is there any gentleman upon this floor who is
opposed to the accomplishment of any one of these
objects' I appeal to every gentleman upon this
floor. I ask whether any gentleman here has any
information from this community—whether any
individual living in this District and not interested
in the issue of this character of circulation, has
come to him and told him that Congress ought to
authorize banks of issue within this District? Sir,
I have not heard of the first solitary instance of a
business man in the District, who desires that
there shall be any banks incorporated, or that
there shall be any law passed authorizing the issue
of any sort of paper intended for circulation with-
in the District, unless indeed it is those who are
engaged in this swindling operation, many of
whom, I am told, are men unknown to this com-
munity; they are agents, perhaps, of establishments
located in o'Vr ;nrt-" of the country, and they
come here to put the paper in circulation in order
