1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
283
inspector-in-chief under the Empire, were con-
structed by the Roman engineeis, at an enormous
expense, and with such solidity that some of them
are vet undestroyed, having stood the travel of
twenty centuries. These great improvements con-
nected the cities of ancient Italy, nearly twelve
hundred in number, crossed the Alps, and pene-
trated the forests of the distant provinces, con-
nected also the hundreds of cities in Gaul, Spain,
and the African and Asiatic cities of the Empire,
binding: them all together from the center to the
distant*frontiers, as far up as ilie wall of Antoni-
nus, in Scotland, in the fifty-sixth degree of north
latitude. From that point a great national road,
taking a southeasterly direction to the Imperial
capital and to Jerusalem, formed a grand public
highway, equal in its whole length to four thou-
sand and eighty Roman, or three thousand seven
hundred and forty statute miles.
These were not merely military roads for the
transit of the Roman legions to points distant from
the capital, but were used as affording facilities of
intercourse for the transmission of governmental
orders, and were in fact erected into regular pos-
tal routes, with stations and all the requisites to
insure speed and regularity of transit. Such as I
have described it was the great Roman thorough-
fare which pierced mountains, passed over rivers,
doubled nearly in length the main stem of the
Pacific railway, although including the contem-
plated branches, it did not equal by more than one
fourth the proposed great American highway.
Turning our eye from the distant past to the
opening of the present century, we are struck with
astonishment at the extraordinary genius and en-
ergy of the great Imperial Chief of France, who,
after having dissolved the German Empire, de-
feated the combined Prussian and Russian ar-
mies, having fought the terrible battles of Eylau
and Friedland, concluded peace at Tilsit, rushed,
as the storm of war lulled for a season, to the
French capital, and there, in the midst of the
tumultuous agitation of the times, projected great
works of internal improvement. He gave orders
to Cretet, his Minister of the Interior; for the con-
struction of canals from Dijon to Paris, from the
Rhine to the Saone, and from the Rhine to the
Scheldt; directed the sale of others, and the pro-
ceeds to be applied to new works; admonished his
minister of the evils of delay—that war&and ineffi-
cient men will come, and the work will remain
incomplete; that he had made the glory of his reign
to consist in changing the face of the territory in
the whole Empire; that these works were neces-
sary to the interest and prosperity of the people; j
that we must not pass through this world without i
leaving traces which may commend our memory j
to posterity; requiring his minister in a single month
to prepare all the details, forbidding him to ask
for further time, and commanding him to summon ,
to his aid the most skillful engineers and talent of
France, so that at the commencement of the fine
season, France might " present the spectacle of a
country without a single beggar, and where all the
population may be in action to cultivate and render
productive" that " immense territory."
What might not have been expected from such
an intellect, had he lived in the age of the appli-
cation of steam as a locomotive power on land;
and what would have been his triumphs in this
nobler sphere of addingto the source of human hap-
piness, had he, quenching the flames of war, vindi-
cated and established popular sovereignty, and
devoted his mighty energies to quickening all the
elements of trade and commerce, diffusing the light
of learning, and the blessings of civilization every-
where throughout the land! Then, indeed, he
would have realized as to France, the boast of Au-
gustus in regard to his capital, that he had found it
of brick, and left it of marble, and at his name pos-
terity would have risen up and called him blessed !
What a lesson to legislators and to nations!
But we witness in the present day in European
Governments, the progress of gigantic underta-
kings in internal improvements, which are destined
to throw the history of the past into the shade.
In Russia, an iron railway chain of communica-
tion, sixteen hundred miles long, is proposed, from
Saint Petersburg, the capitalaof the empire, situ-
ated near the Gulf of Finland, to Odessa, on a
fjlf of the Black Sea, connecting the Baltic and
lack Seas, and uniting, by way of Moscow, all
the intervening cities, whilst England, alive to her
commercial interests, is projecting new schemes
for shortening connection with her great Anglo-
Indian Empire.
For more than two centuries, all commercial and
other intercourse between Europe and the distant
ports of Indian and Southern Asia, had been car-
ried on by fifteen thousand mile voyages around the
Cape of Good Hope; but the advance of a British
army from India by way of the Red Sea to the plains
of Cairo in Egypt, there effecting a junction with
j troops from England against the French Egyptian
■ expedition, established the practicability of a con-
nected route in that direction of less than seven
thousand miles. And now we find England with
no less than three great routes communicating with
India and China: one from Southampton through
the English Channel, crossing the Bay of Biscay,
through the Mediterranean to Alexandria in Egypt,
thence by overland to Suez, down the Red Sea,
through the Straits of Babelmandel, with a branch
to Bombay and a direct route by Ceylon to Cal-
cutta, and from Ceylon through the Straits of
Malacca to Singapore, and thence up the China
Sea to Hong Kong. There is also a regular
monthly mail from London to Falkstone, Pans,
and Marseilles on the Mediterranean, thence to
Malta and Alexandria, taking the direction already
indicated as to the residue of the distance; and then
by the German overland route from London to Os-
tend, through Belgium and Austria to Trieste, on
the Adriatic, and passing one of the Greek Islands
near Athens, by the Ionian Islands to Corfu and
Alexandria.
Instead of one hundred and fifty days, India by
these routes is brought within about a month's pos-
tal distance of London. But not content with all
these triumphs over space and time, a project is
now engaging public attention, by which a new ]
and more direct overland route by railroad is pro-
jected, which shall proceed from Calais by Ostend,
to Cologne, through the plains of Augsburg, Lom-
bardy, to Trieste on the Adriatic, thence in the
valleys of Turkey in Europe, along the Euphrates
" to Basso rah on the Persian Gulf, through Persia,
| along the shores of the Gulf to Belloochistan,
crossing the Indus, and thence to Calcutta; thus
bringing the repnote parts of the Empire within
from a week to ten days of each other, and open-
ing up to British trade new markets in Persia and
Central Asia.
Such are the mighty projects of our great mar-
| itime rival for supremacy in the markets of the
world. And shall this Government at this day
pause and hesitate in prosecuting a work now so
' necessary to the interests of the American people?
Look back upon our own history and what does
it tell us? The first'act of the Continental Con-
gress, in 1775, was an ordinance " for establishing
a post," requiring that " a line of post be appointed }
under the direction of the Postmaster General from
Falmouth, in New England, to Savannah, in Geor-
gia, with as many posts as he shall think fit."
That system continued until 1782 under the Con-
federation, when a reorganization took place, and
it was declared that " a continued communication
of posts throughout the United States shall be es-
tablished and maintained." Then the Constitution
of the United States succeeded, speaking in a lan-
guage too explicit to be misunderstood, devolving
the duty upon Congress of taking charge of such
great works of intercommunication as that now
under consideration.
That distinguished statesman, Mr. Jefferson,
from the infancy of the Republic, saw the neces- \
sity of exploring an overland route to the Pacific,
and in his message of the 15th January, 1803, !
brought the subject to the attention of Congress, |
with a view to set on foot an exploration for a j
line of communication to the Pacific or Western j
ocean, and the result was the celebrated expedi- I
tion of Lewis and Clarke. The project of event- I
ually establishing this route, then seen in the
shadowy distance in the dawning of our national
existence, is now before us as a reality. Public
meetings in different portions of the country, and
some of the most distinguished statesmen of this
age, have proposed and advocated the great meas-
ure of connecting the two oceans, whilst the press
has raised its potent voice in its support.
The establishment of a great postal route for
disseminating information over all of that vast
surface in our territorial bosom, now shut out from
the noblest privileges of our institutions, is a high
constitutional obligation, the discharge of which
i we have no right any longer to defer.
But it is not only as a mere postal route, a great
artery of internal communication for the dissem-
ination of intelligence, the vital principle of our
institutions, that we are called upon to adopt this
measure; but it is as a means of military defense
and security, and one, in that respect, of great
public economy. Over the expansive surface of
country through which this road will pass are
numerous tribes and bands of savages, whom, in
its present condition, the whole army of the United
States could not keep in check, from the utter im-
possibility of a rapid transportation of troops from
point to point, and the consequent inability to dis-
lodge them from their mountain defiles and fast-
nesses. Look at the condition in which the pen-
insula of Florida was for years, and is at the
present time. During the campaign of the British
army in the Punjaub country, the expense of loco-
motion was so great that it was estimated that
every soldier cost .£150 sterling, or about $750,
and of course a like sum to replace losses sus-
tained by disease and in battle.
When we consider the cost of military trans-
portation over such a surface in our interior, it
will at once appear a measure of economy to
establish this route, along which, and branching
off at sui.table points, will be located the necessary
military posts and Indian agencies. As a means
of promoting the settlement of the great interior, de-
veloping agricultural and mineral wealth, and of
imparting activity to the internal trade of the coun-
try, it is a project of the highest consequence to
the East as well as to the West. By this grand
thoroughfare, when completed as contemplated
acoording to the most improved system, both in
the railway and the locomotives, the distance from
the seat of Government, and from the great cities
of the eastern States, to San Francisco, will be ac-
complished in from three to four days. Through
this channel of communication will flow a con-
tinued stream of emigration peopling these great
valleys. The cereal product of the country, as re-
ported for the year 1850, in the two great staples
of wheat and corn, is immense—the former at up-
wards of one hundred million five hundred thou-
sand bushels, and the latter at near six hundred
millions, and other grains in proportion. Who
can estimate what the aggregate grain products of
the country will be when the next period arrives
for taking the census!
Our exhaustless soil, under the toiling hand of
industry, will pour forth its cereal treasures, suffi-
cient not only to support in abundance our own
people, but to feed the famished millions of Europe
and Asia.
With overflowing granaries,shall ourfarmersbe
left with their immense surplus to perish on their
hands, when by this project the producer and con-
sumer will be brought in proximity to each other?
When completed, the valuable manufactures of
the East, the importations of our rich foreign traffic
will pour into the interior the luxuries of life, and
all the elegancies and refinements of civilization, in
exchange for the treasures of the earth—enriching
every class of our citizens, and quickening all the
elements of human industry.
As affecting our/oretg-n commerce and trade, con-
fided to the special care of Congress by the Con-
stitution, this is a measure of the highest concern
and in this respect deeply affecting the States
fronting the Gulf of Mexico, and is of transcendent
importance to the people of California. Look at
the commercial position she occupies in respect to
the other members of the Union and to Asia, the
Japanese Islands, soon to be unsealed and open
to our trade, to Central and South America, and
to the Sandwich Islands, (which six hundred
whaling ships visited in a single year,) besides
other islands of Oceanica. With auriferous regions
that defy exhaustion, with agricultural wealth,
(the foundation of manufactures,) more valuable
even than her mountain ridges of glittering gold,
with harbors unsurpassed in the world, with a
population full of enterprise, energy^ skill, and ac-
tivity in every department of the business of life,
California, by the laws of her geographical and
commercial position, is destined to draw within
her golden gates the trade of Central and South
America, with the rich traffic of the East; to hold
the supremacy there, and be the great seat of com-
mercial wealth and power on the Pacific ocean.
Is she to be left disconnected from the Atlantic
slope and Mississippi valley, and isolated from the
eastern and western States by an immense un-
