284
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 13,
peopled territory—a territory capable of support- I'
fng two hundred millions of people, but left as it
were in a slate of nature because the Government
of the United States pauses, hesitates, or neglects
an obvious remedy ? Is she to be forced to keep
up her connection "with the elder sisterhood by a
double sea voyage, and land passage through a
foreign conntnj, either by the Isthmus of Panama,
or ^Nicaragua, or Tehuantepec,and that, too, by a
violent deflection from a natural route, and at the
hazard of interruption and separation in case of
war, which at any moment may blaze out in Eu-
rope, and threaten and disturb our existing peace-
ful relations with that continent? Will the Gov-
ernment of the United Statss, forgetful of the ad-
monition of Washington, take no precautions
against the evils of war, which may come upon
us when least expected, and by which California
and Oregon mav be blockaded and devastated by
hostile fleets, and our trade cut off and destroyed ?
Shall our Pacific coast be left unaided and alone
to battle single-handed with a common enemy,
with the apprehension of being severed and per-
manently separated from the Union, were not the
valor and patriotism of our people an eternal guar-
antee to the world that they would rally to a
man, isolated though they may be on the Pacific
shores, to uphold and defend our national integ-
rity, supremacy, and indivisibility?
Does not the troubled aspect of European affairs
admonish us of the necessity of instantly provid-
ing against these apprehended evils ? And does
notour great commercial interests demand that
every facility should be extended to enable us to
avail ourselves of the advantage of position, to
seek first to enter and preoccupy the markets of
Asia, and establish our claims to a full share, at
leas', of the trade of the eastern hemisphere?
Contemplating, too, our position politically,
does it not behoove every one, of whatever party,
to lay his sectarian principles aside and come up
to this great work^s an American, with single-
ness of purpose, scorning all sectionality, and
looking at the common good of our common
country, with a fixed determination that it shall
be completed, and that, too, as rapidly as unre-
stricted means and human energies can accomplish
it? Then add its great adjunct, the ELECTRIC
telegraph, by which our people, with the rapidity i
of thought, will hold converse by the lightning from
ocean to ocean, and there will be established a i
chain, binding together each member of this con-
federated Union, every link of which, whetherin
the social, business, or political concerns of life,
will be united and welded together by a common
interest, a unity of purpose, and a deep-seated
attachment to our institutions, which will defy the
convulsions of war either to weaken or impair.
Then this mighty political fabric, resting upon
the basis of human rights and the solid affections
of our people, in all its noble and majestic pro-
portions, commanding the admiration of the world,
will stand through distant ages as an enduring
monument of the wisdom of our form of govern-
ment and of the triumph of popular sovereignty.
I have before me a map from the General Land
Office, which has been prepared with great care
and attention, .showing the connection of this road
with all the railroads in the United States, and I
hope I shall be indulged in having it printed, s;
There is no other map like it in existence, and I
move that two thousand copies of the bill and map
be printed for the use of the Senate.
Mr. BELL. I would inquire whether it is the
intention of the honorable Senator from California
to press this subject now, and continuously until
it is brought to a decision ?
Mr. GWIN. Yes, sir.
it up.
Mr. BELL. I thoughtfrom the honorable Sen-
ator's having made a motion to print the map to
which he has referred, that he proposed to post-
pone the subject.
Mr. GWIN. No, sir. I do not want it post-
poned.
Mr. BELL. Gentlemen around me have asked
whether it is proposed to take a vote to-day ? I
presume lint.
Mr. GWIN. I should be very willing to take ;
the vote now.
Mr. BELL. I presume that has not been
thought of by many gentlemen, though I should
be very glad myself if the Senate were in a condT-
tion to take the vote immediately on a question so
I do not intend to give
important. Not that I suppose the provisions of
this bill, as they now stand, can receive the con-
currence of a majority of the Senate; but what I ;
do mean to say is, that I regard the subject of very
great interest. That is not only my view now;
but it has been, in my judgment, a subject of the
greatest moment from the time the treaty of Gua-
dalupe Hidalgo was ratified by the Senate of the
United States, to have some such communication
between the Atlantic ocean and the Pacific ocean,
it we intend to hold those possessions. But, sir,
the provisions of this bill are so various, they are
so important and require so much consideration,
that while I think it is not possible to press them
to an immediate issue, I rise for the purpose of in-
quiring whether it was not the intention of the
honorable Senator, and of the friends of this meas-
ure, to press it earnestly upon every occasion, and
continuously, until the Senate should be brought
to a vote upon it in some shape or other ?
Mr. GWIN. That is my determination. It
is now the first special order, and has been taken
up, and I hope we shall continue to act upon it.
I would suggest that the bill be now taken up and
considered by sections. I am prepared to accom-
modate the Senator in that way, but I am deter-
mined to press the question to a final vote.
Mr. BELL. I do not rise to enter into any
argument in regard to the details of the bill, nor
for the purpose of urging any general considera-
tions upon the subject. 1 presume there is scarcely
a member of this body who has not turned his
attention to the importance and necessity of some
such communication as the one proposed by this
•bill, the importance of the construction of a rail-
road connecting the States on the Atlantic with
the Pacific coast, at the earliest practicable period.
The mode in which it shall be done; the route that
shall be adopted; whether it should have one or
more branches; what should be its terminus on
this side of the Rocky Mountains, and what on
the other side, are questions rather of detail. The
main object and features of the proposition, how-
ever, are such that every gentleman of the Senate j
must have settled upon, in his own mind; and
! that is, that the road must—I say must, and not
; ought to—be built at almost any cost that the re-
sources of this country can bear; that the route
ought to be ascertained and fixed upon and the
1 work executed at the earliest date; and that the
expenditure shall be considered at once as being
likely to be very large, and yet necessary to be
incurred. Although the expense may seem ex-
cessive even for the resources of this country, yet
whatever it may be, if in addition to the land pro-
posed to be set apart for the road, there shall be
fifty millions of money, or one hundred millions
of money required from the Treasury, such is my
estimate of the necessity of this work, in order to
hold the two extremes of the country together,
that I think even that amount would be economi-
cal in view of many of the contingencies that
may arise.
Contemplate the contingency of this country be-
ing precipitated into a war by the passions of the
people being, eitherrightfully or wrongfully, roused
on account of injuries or aggressions, actual or sup-
posed, on the part of any strong maritime foreign
Power. I believe every member I have heard
peak on these questions has said that the honor of
the country was always to be maintained at every
hazard. Suppose that in order to preserve the
honor of the country we should be precipitated into
a war with either France or England, to say noth-
ing of both combined, in the present condition of
this country. Why a hundred millions expended
now, before such a contingency may chance to
arise, may save us two, three, four, or perhaps five
hundred millions of expenditure which would be
necessary to regain our foothold on the Pacific.
Has any gentleman ever reflected for a moment
on what would be the cost to this country of main-
taining a conflict with any of the powerful mari-
time States of Europe for the purpose of defending
our territorial rights as they exist on the Pacific—
with a coast of six hundred miles in extent—with
not a fort, not a gun for its defense, with no lines
or channels of communication except by way of
the isthmus and around the cape, and that in the
face of a vastly superior maritime Power?
Sir, I have thought a great deal upon the sub-
ject, and in my opinion it would require an expend-
iture probably of from three to five hundred mil-
lions of dollars to preserve our honor in those
territories, and maintain our rights of sovereignty
and jurisdiction, if we should be precipitated into
a war, without some overland communication by
railroad with California, either within our own
territory or through the northern States of Mexico
with her consent. I do not, however, mean to
enlarge upon this; but I will repeat that in addi-
tion to giving all of the public lands adjacent to
the route which may be selected for this road—for
there is but one in which the country at large is
deeply interested, and to them it is not of much
consequence where the terminus east or west
shall be—1 say it would be economy, in addition
to givipg all the public domain which lies within
the limits prescribed in the bill, to vote an addi-
tional sum of money, $10,000,000, $50,000,000,
or if need be even $100,000,000, from time to time
as the work may progress.
I did not rise for the purpose of saying even as
much as I have said. My object was simply to
express my view of the importance of the subject.
In my opinion there is no question which can come
before this Senate or before Congress at the pres-
ent session, and there was none at the last ses-
sion, or at any session since the acquisition of
these territories so important—considering the
position in which this country had placed itself—
considering its rapid growth and extension of do-
minion, thus exciting the jealousy of foreign Pow-
ers—and considering the change in the passions of
the people of this country, liable at any moment
to be precipitated into a war with the most power-
ful nation in Europe, with a maritime Power ten
times as great as our own. Such a state of things
has arisen out of these circumstances that 1 con-
sider there is no subject of more importance
which can engross our attention than the present.
I go further, and say, that if we do no other busi-
ness during the present session of Congress ex-
cept pass the appropriation bills, the whole time
would be well spent in maturing this measure. I
repeat, I rose for the purpose of expressing my
earnest desire that the particular friends of this
proposition—the gentlemen from the more western
i States, who have a local interest in it, and without
| whose cooperation I perceive that nothing is likely
to be done—will follow it up until the Senate shall
i come to a vote upon it; and if they had been agreed
1 before, we could have had something decided upon
three years ago, but they were not agreed as to the
termini of the road. I hope they will lose no oc-
casion of pressing the bill to the full consideration
and decision of the Senate, so that, if possible, it
may reach the House, and receive the approbation
of that body during the present Congress.
"Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President, I concur in
all that the Senator from Tennessee has said in
relation to the importance of this measure. In
my judgment, it is equaled by no question which
has been or will be presented to us for our consid-
eration at this session of Congress; and J shall
cooperate, with great cheerfulness, in urging this
measure forward in connection with the Senator
who has brought it before the Senate. Still I do
not believe it is expedient or proper that we should
, now proceed to vote upon a measure which em-
braces in its details so many questions as are con-
nected with the bill now before us. It will not be
forgotten that there was a bill reported at the last
session of Congress from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads. It will be remem-
bered that the Committee on Territories reported
another proposition, and it is also, I apprehend,
within the knowledge of Senators, from the in-
formation which lias been obtained from the pub-
lic press, and from individuals who feel an interest
in this matter, that there are still other plans to be
proposed by which this work shall be consum-
mated. It is a great work. What is the best
mode of proceeding? Which of the various
schemes is that which commends itself to the con-
sideration of the Government in the greatest de-
gree? These are questions which are practical,
, and must, before we vote intelligently, be settled
in our own minds.
Now, I suppose that before we vote upon this
: bill, it would be proper that all these various pro-
jects should be fairly considered by the Senate,
for the purpose of ascertaining, first, which offers
the greatest security for rapid construction;—
which offers the greatest security for a construc-
! tion within any given period of time; and which
• { offers the greatest amount of economy to the Gov-
ernment. These are questions which the Senator
