1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
291
the war closed,'she had by law promised to all offi-
cers. of a certain grade and class certain annuities
for life, if they would enlist in the service of the
United Sutea during the war. These men had
never been called into service before the termina-
tion of the revolutionary war. But they had en-
listed, and claimed their pay according to eon tract.
Virginia resisted,and finally the courts compelled
her to pay those claims, and the State then came
and asked Congress to reopen the assumption act
of 1790, or at least to pay these claims upon the
principles of that act; because she said that her
liability to officers was of the same nature as the
advances for the particular defense that she had
made, and which had been brought into the as-
sumption act of1790. Congress, in 1832, assumed
the liability and paid it; and in doing that, Con-
gress did right; because Virginia,in 1790, did not
Know that she was liable, or would be liable for
t those claims. You paid under that act nearly
a million of dollars, perhaps more.
.Now, then, the representatives of Galphin came
and asked the General Government to pay them
<£9,791 15s. 5rf., with interest at six per cent.;
which was the liability or debt of Georgia, incur-
red for the particular defense of that part of the
common country not included in the act of 1790,
just as they did the Virginia claims, and identi-
cally upon the same principles of equity and jus-
tice and right. In 1636, the Senate passed a res-
olution requesting the President of the United
States (General Jackson) to write to the Governor
of Georgia, to get all the information in his pos-
session upon the subject. In January, 1837, Gen-
eral Jackson so wrote f and Governor Schley, of
Georgia—a political friend of General Jackson-
answered the inquiries soon after, and amongst
other things said, " that there is justly due to the
4 heirs of George GeUfihin the sum of nine thousand
' seven hundrtd and ninety-one pounds fifteen shillings
* and jive pence sterling money of Great Britain," £(*.,
£fc.; " and the only question now is, whether Georgia
or the United Slates ought to pay the money." The
claim, like many others, remained for several
years; but in August, 1848, Congress passed a
law requiring the Secretary of the Treasury " to
examine and adjust" it, and " to pay the amount
' which may be found due to Milledge Galphin,
' executor of George Galphin, out of any money
4 in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated;"
and in pursuance of that law the principal and
interest of that debt was paid. That, sir, is Gal-
phinism!—its height, its length, its breadth and
depth. There it stands in all its naked deformity.
Look upon it, examine it, scrutinize it, and tell me
where is the " swindle," and who have been the
"swindlers." When the case was last presented to
Congress, whose hands was it put into? Into the
bands of George McDuffie, of South Carolina.
Who presented it? George McDuffie! Did he want i
to commit a fraud against your Treasury? Was i
he a a windier? It went before a committee, and |
who constituted that committee? Messrs. Ashley, !
Breese, Berrien, Westcott, and Webster. They j
made a report to the Senate, and spread it before |
the country in 1847. The bill passed the Senate.
There was no formidable opposition, because the <
grounds upon which it was presented and sus- !
tained were too clear, as I believe, to be avoided.
Here was the act of Georgia obliging her to pay i
that debt—as solemn a debt as ever was contracted.
It was for particular defenses, and .was put upon
precisely the same grounds of assumption as the
Virginia claims, and no one could escape the force
of the reasons.
In 1848 it was before the same committee in the
Senate. That committee was composed of the
«ame gentlemen who constituted the former com-
mittee, with one or two exceptions—a committee
of able and practical men. - They reported again
in favor of it. Were they the " Galphins " who
perpetrated this monstrous fraud ? The distin-
guished Senator from Michigan, [General Cam,]
when Secretary of War, said that there was no
doubt but that the claim was just, and the only
question was, which-should pay it, Georgia or the
United States. Was he one of the swindlers?
Early in 1848, the bill came into this House,
and was laid upon your table. The report was I
printed, and the case referred to a committee of :
this House. I have before me the names of that i
committee, and they are all honorable men, and
unimpeachable. One of the gentlemen upon that i
committee (Mr. Pettit) is nominated by his party, :
I see, to be a Senator from the State of Indiana.
Was he a swindler ? Did he think it was a great
fraud? Was he trying to cheat the public? Is
he one of those with whose blood it is the desire
of some to write the history of this Administra-
tion ? Do you want to write the history of the
Administration in the blood of General Cass, of
Mr. Forsyth, of Governor Schley, the blood of'
the Judiciary Committee in the Senate, and in the
blood of the distinguished individual to whom I
have just alluded? Are all these men Galphins?
1 believe the gentleman from Ohio said that they,
the " Galphins," were buried so deep that the hand
of resurrection would never raise them up. But
the Democracy in Indiana, it seems, has imparted
new life to one of them—has "galvanized" him,
at least, by sending him to the Senate.
I heard a gentleman inquire how this Galphin
claim passed through this House, i say it passed
this House by the unanimous vote of every man
in it, when any one man's voice could have pre-
vented it. It stood upon its own merits. No
speech was made in its behalf. It had no advo-
cate but the plain, short, strong argument of
the committee. Their printed report lay upon
your desk for six months. It was taken up
and acted upon at a time when no bill could
pass, that did not receive the unanimous support
of every man in the House. Your Journal snows
this fact. It passed in August, 1848. Were all
in this House then Galphins? It was passed,
and carried to Mr. Polk for his signature. Did
not he understand all about Galphin? Was not
Mr. Forsyth a feed attorney, and did he not pros-
ecute it while Secretary of State under Jackson ?
Did not Mr. Wise report then, that this Galphin
claim was about (150,000? Was not Mr. Polk,
as Speaker of this House at that time, conversant
with all these facts ? It is to be presumed that he
was. At any event, he Bigned the bill two days
after it passed. Is he, too, one of this famous
family of the Galphins? Mr. Walker, his Secre-
tary of the Treasury, paid the principal, but did
not pay the interest, because, as he stated in his
testimony, he did not have time to investigate
that point. But he said—and mark it—that what-
ever Galphin's debt was, this Government, by the
act of 1848, had assumed it fully. The act of
Georgia of1780, pledging to Galphin £9,79115s.5d.,
with interest at six per cent, per annum, was not
before him. But who can say, with that act be-
fore him, he would not have paid the interest ac-
cording to his testimony ? For he said, whatever
the debt was which was due to Galphin, the act of
1848 had assumed. And who can say that
<£9,791 15s. 5d., with six per cent, interest, was
not due to Galphin by the act of Georgia of 1780?
If any man is bold enough to do so, let him do
it. My time will not permit me to discuss this
subject at any greater length, and 1 trust the
House will paraon this digression.
What 1 have said, I have stated for the House
and the country. The facts, as I have stated, are
uncontro verted in the past, and will remain incon-
trovertible for all time to come, and 1 defy their
controversion here or anywhere. ; i
I am here to resist all party clamor that may t e
brought against this claim. I suppose that many
of these expressions, such as " Galphins," by ,
party heat, emanate from partisan feelings, and !
without any distinct, or definite idea of what are
meant by them. But I say that the character of
every man should be defended by those who love
truth and justice. The character of the humblest,
alike with the character of the highest, shall, at all
times, receive defense from me, when I can de-
fend it. I care not if the name of wrongful ac- .j
cusers is legion, I will face them all, if necessary. !
I do not care to join with the shouting multitude
barely because they are strong in numbers. I do 'I
not fancy the taste of those who play upon ex- ]
pressions, because they catch the popular cartt or ;
whim of the day. It is an easy matter to pander j
to the passions or prejudices of the uninformed. j
Sir, this is the "fucilis descensus Avtrni," the :
downward road of the demagogue. It is easy to j
travel it, and, to some, it seems to £>e a pleasant
jaunt; but to vindicate the truth, to stand up for
the right against the majority, "Hie labor, hoc ;
opus est." 1 shall do it, or attempt to do it, sir,
though I be a minority of one. _
I have nothing to say, at this time, about the
connection of the then Secretary of War with it.
Mr. Crawford was interested in the claim, pnd was
Secretary of War when the interest was paid—
that is all. I will, however, ask, when the offer
was made to have the justice and legality of the
allnwance referred to the Supreme Court of the
United States, who prevented it? The Senate
Journal will show.
Did they want to commit a fraud upon the
Treasury? Was Mr. Butler, of South Caro-
lina, Mr. Atchison, of Missouri, Mr. Turkey,
of Tennessee, and a number more whom I need
not name, were they all Galphins? But I am
done with this; and I am also done with the
matters alluded to in the report of the committee
on the Gardiner case.
I have shown that that committee fully acquitted
Mr. Corwinof the charge of being improperly con-
nected with the claim, and that this bill has really
no connection with the duty assigned to them.
This bill, with amendments, I intend to vote for;
but I shall not vote for it as it is, because, under its
provisions, any member might be put in the peni-
tentiary for going down to the Pension Office and
filing the memorial of any of his constituents for
a bounty land warrant. With amendments which
shall prevent members of Congress from attending
to such business " for fee or reward," I shall vote
for it. I am in favor of such a prohibition in future,
not because there has been anything dishonorable,
disreputable, or currupt, or " malum in se " in euch
acts, and not because I think that Messrs. Dal-
las, Webster, Benton, and Stanton, or Corwin,
did anything wrong in what I have stated, for I
do not, but because I think that we should estab-
lish a rule for the future by which honorable men
can act so as not to subject themselves to unjust
imputations. The bill thus amended would, if
even made retrospective, never touch any act of
mine. But I make, however, no boast of that. I
have never looked upon such acts in others as at
all disreputable, much less as grounds of charging
corruption. I think it wise and proper that such
a regulation should be made. And why? Be-'
cause honest, unimpeachable men, such, in my
opinion, as Webster, and Corwin, and others ant-
ing in that capacity, may be a sort of cloak for
those who may be unscrupulous and corrupt.f
Mr. STEVENS,of Pennsylvania. As thegen-
tleman intends'to vote for the bill, which it is al-.
most treason to say is an impeachment upon the
whole House, I would inquire whether he intends
to extend its provisions to prevent members from
advocating cases before the Supreme Court of the
United State's; and if he does not, why does he
make the distinction ?
Mr. STEPHENS. I shall vote for that, but I
do not know whether it will be incorporated with
the bill or not. I will state candidly to the gen-
tleman, as I did in a conversation on this matter
with a distinguished gentleman yesterday, who
said that he thought it proper not to extend the
prohibition to the Supreme Court, that I think the
prohibition should extend to members of Congress
practicing in that court, as well as before boards
of commissioners—and why? The impeaching
power is with the House of Representatives, ana
the trying power with the Senate; and I ask what
kind of influence would be more powerful than
Congressional influence upon a judge who felt
guilty, and knew that an impeachment" was to be
made? Would he not favor a distinguished mem-
ber of Congress who was counsel in a case before
him for trial, quite as much as a member of a
board of commissioners? I will, if possible, vote
for the extension of the provisions of this bill to
the Supreme Court. If I cannot get that, I shall
vote for the bill in the best shape I can get it. I
am for establishing a rule by which every one can
regulate his conduct, and then right and wrong
will not be left to the capricious judgment of
friend or foe. Let it be written in the tew, and
then all can equally stand or fall by the law, and
not the uncertain standard of men's opinions.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I gave but
little attention to the debate which has taken place
upon the bill now before the House, or to what
has been said in reference to the report of the
committee upon Mr. Corwin's case; but the whole
matter, it seems to me, lies in a very small com-
pass. It appears that Mr. Corwin was employed
as counsel to appear before this Mexican Commis-
sion while he was,a Senator from the State of Ohio.
Now, if he knew that the papers upon which this
claim was supported were forgeries—if he knew
them to be only sustained by perjury, then He is
