1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
293
that the same vigilance which arrested Gardiner
ousht tii pursue every man who holds a portion
ot' it—the one fourth stands 011 the same footing
as the other three fourths. I have 110 reason to
doubt that .Mr. Corwin would be just as vigilant,
and the President would be just as vigilant In fer-
reting out the one as the other. I do not care in
whose pocket it is to be found. How Mr. Cor-
wiu wi'l act towards his assignee 1 do not know.
Whether he will feel under obligation to make
good what he sold without warranty or condition,
1 do not know. And it will be time enough to
moot t ie propriety of his conduct in this matter
after the case shall be found by the court to be
fraudulent, if that shall ever be, and after George
Law, or his assignees who got the money, shall
fail to respond.
Air. STAXTOX, of Tennessee. 1 stated that
I did not rise for the purpose of making a speech,
and 1 should have ended long since, if I had not
been under the necessity of yielding to gentlemen.
I do not rise for the purpose of defending Mr.
Cnrwm by any means. I have but little personal
acquaintance with him, and no affinities with him
either personal or political. At the same time, I
am not aware, so far as the case now stands, that
Mr. Co rwin has been guilty of anything wrong.
If this claim has been supported by perjury and
forgerv,a suspicion might possibly arise that Mr.
Corwin knew something of it; but from what I
know of his character, I should think that he
knew nothinj of it. I do not think that any mem-
ber of the House or the Senate is to be blamed
for appearing as counsel before any of the estab-
lished tribunals of the country in the absence of
any law prohibiting it. I do not think that there
is anything wrong in it. This is what I desire to
state.
Now, I am of opinion that it is decidedly wrong
and unpardonable for members of Congress to be
interested in matters which have to come before
Congress for their action. I do not know that it
is wtonj for them to appear as counsel before the
Departments; but so far as I am concerned, I have
always refused to appear as counsel in such cases,
because the connection between the Executive and
Legislative Departments is so great, that perhaps it
might give rise to impropriety of conduct. I have
nothing to say against this gentleman.
Mr. KIXGr, of New York. I think the debate
has been extended sufficiently, and as the views of
gentlemen upon both sides of this question have :
been heard at great length, I therefore move the i
previous question. ,
Mr. ORR. Will the gentleman withdraw it for
a few minutes ■ I desire to make a few remarks,
not exceeding in length ten minutes. I will renew
the demand for the previous question. 1
Mr. KIXG. I will give the gentleman ten min-
utes of my time.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi. If the previous
question is seconded, will it cutoff"amendments?
The SPEAKER. Amendments havebeen pro-
posed by unanimous consent, and are upon the
table to be taken up in their order.
Mr. BROWN. Suppose we should desire other
amendments?
The SPEAKER. Otheramendmentscannotbe
offered.
Mr. BROWN. That is what I supposed.
Mr. HOWARD. I wish to make a few obser-
vations in the nature of a personal explanation,
and some also upon the subject, and I hope that
'he gentleman from New York will withdraw the
demand for the previous question.
Mr. KING. I will give the gentleman twenty
or thirty minutes of my time.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered.
Mr. ORR. I desire not to enter into the general
merits of the debate which has engaged the atten-
tion of the House for the last day or two. But I
rise for the purpose of making an explanation, and
reading from the report of the testimony taken by
the committee, in reply to some of the inferences
that may be deduced from the speech yesterday of
the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Johnson,]
as to a friend and constituent of mine. I allude
to General Waddy Thompson. He is my con-
stituent, but he is not now in the city; and if he
was, he could not have the privilege of rising in
this Hall to vindicate himself, by repelling any
assault made upon him openly or covertly; and,
although we differ in our political opinions, he be-
ing a member of the Whig party and I a member
of the Democratic party, yet I believe it is due to
him—it is due to truth and justice—that his expla-
nation of this matter should go before the country,
in connection with the deductions which may be
made from the speech of the gentleman from Ten-
nesseee, [Mr. Johvson.] General Thompson, I
presume, is not a stranger to this House or the
country. Some years ago he occupied a seat on
this floor, and was a distinguished member of
Congress. Subsequently he was appointed by
Mr. Tyler Minister to Mexico. Previous to his
entering Congress, he enjoyed a high professional
reputation in South Carolina. These, sir, are his
antecedents; and his statement is entitled to the full
credence of the country, unless something more
than vague undefined suspicion is adduced to con-
trovert it. The statement which General Thomp-
son makes, with reference to his connection with
this case, is briefly this: When he went to Mexico
in 1842, as our Minister, he met Gardiner there,
and made his acquaintance. In 1844, Gardiner
came to him and requested him to give him a letter
to some United States naval officer at Acapulco,
on the Pacific coast. He complied with Gardiner's
request, and Gardiner then left the city of Mexico,
stating to General Thompson that he was going to
San Luis Potosi, or some other of the Mexican
States, to embark in the business of mining—silver
mining being profitable in that part of Mexico.
Mr. OLDS. I rise to a question of order. The
gentleman from South Carolina will not take it
hard, as he has raised a similar point himself.
My point of order is, that the gentleman from
New York cannot give a portion of his time to any
other member to make a speech in his place.
Mr. ORR. It is very generous in the gentleman
to raise the question of order after the previous
question has been sustained!
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from Ohio
insists upon his point of order, the Chair will be
bound to rule 
| Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Ihopethatby
general consent the gentleman from South Caro-
lina will be permitted to proceed.
Mr. KING, of New York. It was the under-
standing when the previous question was sustained
that these gentlemen should have a portion of my
time.
The SPEAKER. If the point of order is in-
sisted upon, the Chair must decide that thegentle-
: man from New York, who is entitled to the floor,
can yield it to other gentlemen only for explana- j
tion.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Well, sir, I
understand that the gentleman from South Caro- 1
lina rises merely to make an explanation in re- 1
gard to a point introduced into the debate by the ,
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Johnson.]
Mr. HOUSTON. I understand that it must be
in explanation of debate.
Mr. STEPHENS. Certainly. I understand
the rule to be, that any gentleman may yield the
floor to any other gentleman to explain any matter
appertaining to the debate.
Mr. HOUSTON. Appertaining to himself.
Mr. STEPHENS. Oh, no.
Mr. BURT. I beg to present the fact to the
gentleman from Ohio, that it seemed to be assent- ,
ed to by this House, when the previous question
was demanded by the gentleman from New York,
that he might be permitted to give a few moments
of his time to my colleague to make an explana-
tion affecting a gentleman in South Carolina, and ;
I trust my colleague will not be deprived of what
seemed to be the implied understanding of the !
House.
Mr. OLDS. I will relieve the gentleman from
all difficulty. But I wish to say in explanation of
my course, that on a former occasion, my col-
league, [Mr. Disney,] under a similar understand-
ing, would have been entitled to the floor, and yet
the House ruled him down. However, I will not
press my point against the gentleman from South
Carolina.
Mr. ORR. I do not want to be under any ob-
ligation to the generosity of the gentleman from
Ohio.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from South
Carolina can proceed.
Mr. ORR. I was proceeding to state, when I
was interrupted, that General Thompson, in his
last interview with Gardiner in Mexico, in 1844,
gave him letters of introduction. He did not see
Gardiner again, until he met him in this city, late
in 1848. When Dr. Gardiner left the city of
Mexico, he told Thompson—and I beg the House
will remember this fact, as it goes very far to show
a good foundation for the confidence of Thompson
in Gardiner's statement that he sustained large
losses in Mexico, from being expelled from his
mines, after the Mexican war commenced—that
he was leaving a profitable business in the city of
Mexico, to embark in silver mining. Well, when
Thompson met Gardiner here, for the first time,
nearly five years after they parted in Mexico, he
inquired of him what was the result of that specu-
lation, and Gardiner told him that he had been
broken up in his business, and that he wanted to
employ him for the purpose of prosecuting his
claim before the Mexican Board, under the treaty
of Guadalupe Hidalgo. It was at that time that
Dr. Gardiner unfolded to General Thompson the
proofs and (affidavits which he had procured in
Mexico. Some of those affidavits were not con-
formable with the regulations prescribed by the
Commission, and General Thompson gave him
instructions as to the manner in which that testi-
mony should be taken, and also suggested points
—as was his duty to do, he being his counsel—
upon which new testimony, bearingupon thecase,
was desirable, in addition to the testimony he had
already obtained.
Those instructions are very brief, and I will
read them, because I desire that they should go out
to the country, as they will show whether there
is anything in the instructions of General Thomp-
son which looks like a connivance or participatio n,
on his part, in a fraud which was to be consum-
mated upon the Treasury:
Copy of instructions by JVaddy Thompson to Dr. Gardiner.
Dr. Gardiner will obtain , if practicable, the original books
of account of his mining operations. This is important,
and I suppose can be done by leaving an authenticated copy
in the public office in Mexico. If not, the copy must be
certified on oath to be an exact copy of the original.
2. The deposition of the cleric who kept the books, that
the entries were made by him, and that they are true.
3. Other depositions which, although they may not be
I specific as to sums, may state generally the large outlay on
the mines, and the large profits which they were yielding
at the time of your expulsion, and the probable increase of
' those profits.
4. Depositions that you had not done anything to ex
ere the suspicion of the Government, or its officers, of you
individually, and there was no personal reason for your ex-
pulsion, nor any other than the fact of your heing an Amer-
ican. Ifthe statement of the officer issuing the order to this
effect can be had, it will be the best.
In addition to the general facts sworn to, each deponent
will add:
The deponent, A B, further swears that he is  
years old ; that he was born in , and now resides at
 ; that at the time the transactions took place stated
in this deposition, he resided at  , and that his occupa-
tion was that of ; and that he now resides at -.
and his occupation now is that of—
He further swears
that he is not the agent or attorney of the claimant, nor of
any person having any interest in said claim, and that he
himself has no interest, either direct or contingent.
The magistrate, or officer, before whom the depositions
are taken, must be proven,by certificate, under official seal
of the country, to be a person authorized to administer oaths
and take depositions. The most secure certificate of this
will be that of some American consul in Mexico, or the
Mexican Secretary of State. The magistrate, in addition
to the probate to the deposition, will certify as follows:
I do hereby certify that I am not the agent or attorney
of the claimant, or of any one having any interest in the
claim to which this deposition relates, and that I have no
such interest myself, direct or contingent. I further certify
that the deponent to said deposition is known to me, and
that he is entitled to credit upon his oath. (If not known
to the magistrate, he will certify as follows: C D swears
before me that he is acquainted with A B, who has sworn
to the annexed affidavit, and that he is worthy of credit on
his oath ;) C D is known to me, and I certify that he is
worthy of credit on his oath. I further certify that the above
deposition was reduced to writing by me, or (as the case
may be) by A B, in my presence, and that said A B has
no interest in the claim to which it relates, as agent, attor-
ney, or in any other way. Signed by magistrate, with seal
of office, if there be one.
The depositions and all the papers will be in Spanish,
where the deponent does not speak English ; and then they
had better be in Spanish, unless taken before an American
consul. W. THOMPSON.
April 30,1849.
These, sir, are the instructions. And if the
blanks have been filled by perjured witnesses, you
can in justice no more hold General Thompson re-
sponsible, than you can your Commissioner of
Pensions, who furnished the blank declaration,
which is filled by false statements.
E. W. Johnston, one of the witnesses who tes-
tified before the committee, says, with reference
to Gardiner's apparent frankness, candor, and in-
telligence, that—
" A great mass of proofs, apparently very complete and
