1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
299
as a volunteer, assisted in the defense of the city,
and it capitulated to the enemy in the month of
May following. By the act of capitulation, Major
Wig?, in the following terms, became a prisoner
of war, upon parol in the city> " which parol, as
Ion? as they observe, shall secure them from being
molested in their property by the British troops."
By the surrender of Charleston, and the success
of the enemy in other parts of the State, it seemed
for a time that the whole State was subjected to
the authority of the British. The State govern-
ment appeared to be annihilated, and the struggle
for American liberty, in South Carolina, was vir-
tually confined to the almost hopeless efforts of a
few gallant partisans, here and there fighting with-
out concert, in small detached bands. It is a fact
of history, that at this stage of affairs, a new fea-
ture was given to the revolutionary contest, by the
execution of Major Andre. That act greatly in-
creased the asperity of personal feelings, and was
denounced by the British as illegal and unneces-
sary, and it became their settled policy to revenge
it. The fall of Charleston presented a favorable
opportunity of carrying out that policy. It had
placed m their possession a large body of officers
and influential citizens, who could be made to
serve as a check upon their friend^ so as to pre-
vent retaliation by the Americans, in the event of
any execution in revenge for the death of Major
Andre being determined upon by the British au-
thorities. The general feeling of asperity at this
time, perhaps raged higher in South Carolina than
in any other State of the Confederacy. During the
time, the State seemed to be subdued; the Tories,
availing themselves of their temporary ascendency,
perpetrated the most signal barbarities. Excited
by these barbarities to more strenuous exertions,
and encouraged by the advance of assistance from
Congress, the patriots of South Carolina renewed
the struggle, and regained the greater part of the
State which had been lost. When their power
was restored, they inflicted the severest penalties
upon the Tories in return for the injuries they had
sustained at their hands.
In this state of things the British commander at
Charleston selected from among the prisoners of
war at large upon parol, one hundred and thirty
of the most important and influential, whom he
sent on board of the Toobay and Pack Horse,
vessels of war, and consigned them to close im-
prisonment, in the most reckless violation of the
sacred guarantees of the articles of capitulation.
On the day of their arrest, May 17, 1781, he ad-
dressed a letter to them, in which he informed them
that the outrages of the American troops, and the
rigorous treatment of the Loyalists, had compelled
him to make many regulations which had been
disregarded, and it became his duty to try whether J
a more decided line of conduct would prevail, and i
whether a rejard to the safety of their friends would
induce the American troops to extend clemency to
the loyal militia. " Induced, "said he, "by these
' motives, I have conceived itanactof expediency
'to seize upon your persons and retain them as hos-
' tages for the good usage of all the loyal militia
' who are or may be made prisoners of war, resolv-
'ino; to regulate in the full extent your treatment
'by the measure of theirs." He informed them
then that he had no objections to their making any
proper use of that letter they might jud.-re to their
advantage, and tendered any flag of truce which
might be necessary to carry copies of it to any
officer commanding American troops. On the
next day the prisoners forwarded a copy of the
letter to General Greene, then in command of the
southern army, accompanied by the memorable
document which follows:
" VV'e have the honor of inclosing a copy of a letter from
Colonel Balfour, commandant at Charleston, which was
handed us immediately on our being put on hoard of this
ship; the letter, speaking for itself, needs no comment;
your wi.dom will best dictate the notice it merits. We
would ju t beg leave to observe, that should it fall to the lot
of all or any of ii!> to be made victim* agreeably to the men-
aces therein cohuined, we have only to regret that our Mood
cannot be disposed of more to the advancement of the glori-
ous cau.se to which we have adhered."
By the sacred terms of the treaty of capitulation
these gentlemen were prisoners of war, on parol,
and their estates guarantied from molestation.
The enemy basely violated the obligations of that
treaty, seized upon their persons, cast them in
prison on shipboard, and threatened to subject
them to the same usage to which traitors fighting
against their country, and taken with arms in their i I
hands, would be subjected by the exasperated pa-
triots.
This act <ff perfidy and cruelty, which has no
parallel in the history of the American Revolution,
was met by the calm, dignified, and modest, but
brave and unfaltering letter above quoted. This
letter was communicated immediately to General
Greene. The letter of Colonel Balfour was pub-
lished in the journals, and the condition of these
persons as hostages was made known to the pub-
lic authorities and to the whole community.
History is silent as to the length of time these
prisoYiers were detained in confinement as hostages,
but the forty prisoners confined on board the
schooner Pack Horse, of which Major Wigg was
one, are known to have remained in that condi-
tion in Charleston harbor for a period of about
fourteen months, dating from May, 1781, until
, released, as will be presently related.
' Having it in his power now to carry out the
long-cherished scheme of revenge for the death of
Major Andre, by the security from retaliation
which the possession of these hostages afforded,
the British commander hesitated no longer, but
on the 1st of August, 1781, the well-known tra-
gedy of the execution of Colonel Hayne was con-
summated. It filled the minds of all men with
horror, and steeled the bosom of every patriot in
South Carolina, who resolved from that day to
die or to conquer in the struggle of liberty.
To these feelings Major Wigg was peculiarly
obnoxious. He was the brother-in-law, intimate
personal friend and companion-in-arms of Colonel
Hayne, and had been permitted to attend him to
the gallows, and render the last sad duties of
friendship and affection. Peeling the deepest in-
dignation at the barbarity and injustice of the ex-
ecution, he could not restrain the expression of
his feelings, regardless alike of the surveillance of
an insolent soldiery and the isolation of a floating
prison. Aroused by the justice and severity  f
his reproaches, the British immediately deter-
mined to visit him in turn with their vengeance,
i His life they dared not touch, for theirconsciences
1 were surcharged with the blood of the martyr
Hayne; therefore they resolved to destroy his
property. To this end an expedition by water
was forthwith dispatched to his two plantations
on the Oketee river, distant one hundred and
twenty miles from Charleston, and quite out of
the line of military operations. This expedition
reached its destination within three or four weeks
after the execution of Colonel Hayne, and neither
going nor returning molested the property of any |
other man; particularly it passed and repassed i
the Island of Callawassie, lying between the two
plantations of Major Wigg, on which was a large
body of negroes, none of which were seized.
Hence it is evident that the plunder of Major
Wigg's property was an act of individual ven-
geance, and carried into effect while the wrath he
had excited was still at its hottest.
This claim for compensation or indemnity then
rests entirely upon the relation which Major Wigg
bore to his country at the time the loss occurred.
He was then a hostage, and aa such,in close con-
finement on board a prison-ship, and totally de-
prived of the means of doing anything for the
protection of his property. The commitee also
reported that Major Wigg was entitled to interest i
on his claim. They regarded his claim as a de-
mand for the payment of a just contract debt; for
" satisfaction" for the loss of property, under the
law of nations, is the contract entered into between
the sovereign power and the hostage.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President,I do not mean
to object to this provision or gratuity, as I think
it is. I will not enter into the question of the pro-
priety of allowing it to this distinguished officer,
who, according to the report, certainly sustained
losses during the revolutionary war; but I do ob-
ject to the allowance of interest in this case from
the year 1782, down to the present time; and I
move to amend the bill by striking out that por-
tion of it which provides for the allowance of in-
terest during that period. The services of this of-
ficer may have been very gallant, and no doubt
they were. 1 am willing to go as far as any one
in the way of gratuity connected with revolution-
ary services, but this claim, as far as I can see, is
now presented for the first time to the Senate.
Here is a lapse of more than seventy years, on j
which interest is asked. I can conceive no prin- jl
ciple on which we can give interest under these >1
circumstances, for the Government was amply able
to pay the claim, if it had been presented fifty
years ago.
1 Mr. BUTLER. Mr. President, I am glad that
my friend from Delaware, whose name is associ-
ated with the Revolution itself, has conceded the
principal, and it will save me from some remarks
which 1 might otherwise have made to the Sen-
ate; but it is perhaps necessary that I should pre-
sent this case in a very few words, so that it may
be laid intelligently before the whole Senate, and
go to the heart of the country.
If this case could not he exempted by itself, on
account of its own peculiar circumstances, from
the general class of claims for damages done to
property during the war of the Revolution, I pre-
sume I could not ask for the indemnity claimed in
this report and bill. But, sir, after the execution
of Andre, it is very well known that the British
were looking out for a victim of retaliation. The
condition of Major Wigg, and other persons, men
of property and position, men who had been edu-
cated in England, was known to the British Min-
istry. They were men who occupied a highly
responsible position in society, and they were
surrendered after the capitulation of Charleston,
as prisoners of war. Recollect, Mr. President,
that they were prisoners of war, to be either upon
their plantations or in the city.
After the execution of Hayne, however, General
Greene yielded to the dictates of an honorable in-
dignation in his whole army—(and allow me, sir,
to thank the honorable Senator from Rhode Isl-
and [Mr. James] for bringing forward this bill as
the representative of the birth-place of Greene) 
and determined to retaliate. When Colonel Hayne
was executed, this gentleman, Major Wigg, was
at the gallows bidding his comrade and brother-
in-law farewell; but, sir, they dared not take his
life; but what did they do? They sent emissa-
ries immediately to his plantation, despoiled his
house, took off his property, and left the man who
wrote that noble sentiment which has been read
| from the report, without the ordinary means of
subsistence. Let me explain the sentiment to
! which I allude. When Balfour, the commandant
| of Charleston at that time, and who claimed to be
civil governor of South Carolina, under the au-
thority of the British Government, reduced them
from the condition of prisoners of war, and placed
them on board prison-ships, and said their lives
would answer for any retaliation which Greene
might inflict, what did they write? They wrote
in answer to him, not to forbear, but that they
could not perform a more acceptable duty to their
country than to offer their blood as a sacrifice for
such a foul wrong done to the honor of her arms.
Here is the sentiment of the report, and in order
to make it more conspicuous, and to bring it more
fully before the Senate, I ask the Secretary to
read the letter of Major Wigg to General Greene.
The Secretary "accordingly read as follows:
" We have the honor of inclosing a copy of a letter from
Colonel Balfour, commandant at Charleston, which was
handed us immediately on our being put on board of this
ship ; the letter, speaking for itself, needs no comment; your
wisdom will best dictate the notice it merits. We would
just beg leave to observe that, should it fall to the lot of all
or any of us to be made victims, agreeably to the menaces
therein contained, we have only to regret that our blood
cannot be disposed of more to the advancement of the glo-
rious cause to which we have adhered."
Mr. BUTLER. Sir, this is a noble letter. They
were hostages, not prisoners of war. Their con-
dition was changed, and changed by a tyrant—for
he was a bloody tyrant—under the form of civil
authority. They were willing that their blood
should answer at the call of General Greene,when-
ever the appeal should be made. As I have said,
they were hostages; and the law laid down by
Grotios is, that when hostages suffer an injury,
they are to be indemnified. I do not say tliat in
a technical sense they became hostages by the
declaration of Balfour, but I do say they became
hostages by that and by the acquiescence of Greene.
General Greene was obliged to consent that they
should be hostages, and they did remain as such.
This gentleman, with his Roman firmness, his un-
shrinking courage,—a courage that would have
disdained to become a hostage,—if he had known,
and if his companions had known, that their con-
dition was to be changed from that of prisoners of
war, and that they were to be made miserable
hostages on board of a prison-ship, th#y would
have perished amid&t the ruins of the city which
