80*
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 14,
response to petitions which were referred to the
Committee on the District of Columbia against the
circulation within this District of small notes,
under the denomination of five dollars. ] may be
permitted, 1 hope, to state more fully than 1 then
had an opportunity of doing, what are the Irws
regulating the issue of small notes in this District,
as well as to speak of the absence of laws regula-
ting the circulation of bills of five dollars and up-
wards. It is known, I presume, to most of the
members of this House, that a number of years
ago there were certain incorporated banks in the
cities of Washington, Georgetown, and Alexan-
dria. The charters of those banks were renewed
from time to time from 1836 to 1841.
At the special session of 1841, the charters of
those bank* were again renewed, and they were to
expire on the 4th day of July, 1844, as I now rec-
ollect, but dates are not material. In 1844 there
was another application for a renewal of the char-
ters of these banks, but it was refused by Con
gress. After that time, those institutions which
had formerly been incorporated, by and with the
advice of eminent counsel in this District, formed
private associations or partnerships, and under
those articles of association as partners, they con-
tinued to do banking business. My friend from
Virginia, [Mr. Meade,] who has examined the
sets of Congress on this subject, supposed the
other day that these banks continued to do busi-
ness under color of a former act of incorporation.
In that, however, he is mistaken. They are doing
business under articles of association or partner-
ship, like merchants and other traders and dealers,
and they retain the names of those banks merely.
The notes given to the banks,as I understand, are
not taken in the old corporate names, but in the
names of their cashiers or of ooe or more of the
partners. This shows that they are not only in
point of fact, doing business as partners, but also
that they take the precaution of having their notes
and bills made payable to individuals, and not to
the defunct corporations whose existence ceased
on the 4th of July, 1844. ,
It is suggested to me by the gentleman from
Missouri, [Mr. Hall,] that the members of these
firms are individually liable for any debts that they
contract; that is doubtless the fact; but what that
liability amounts to, it is for the House and the
law-making power to judge. Eminent counsel—
Mr. Coxe, Mr. Jones, and others—have given
their opinion that there was no law in this Dis-
trict prohibiting the issue of notes by bankers or
associations. These banks continue to do so, and
other persons, copying after them, issued bank
notes as a currency—upon their own hook«-upon
their own individual responsibility, or irresponsi-
bility, as the case may be. It is from that state
of things that this practice has grown up of issuing
bills of small denominations in this District, which
small bills are not only unauthorized by law, but
are expressly prohibited.
Now, the distinction which I take between this
paper is this: that the bills of five dollars and up-
wards are not prohibited by law, nor are they
authorized by an express act of Congress. The
members of the bar in this District—and I believe
that the opinion has been sustained by a decision
of the highest court in the State of Maryland—
decided that any association of individuals in this
District had a right to issue bills above the de-
nomination of five dollars, there being no provis-
ion of law expressly prohibiting it. The five
dollar bills, then, stand upon one footing, and the
bills under the denomination of five dollars stand
upon a different footing. The bills of five dollars
and upwards are not prohibited by law; the bills
of a less denomination are prohibited by the act
of 1838.
Then, sir, all the paper that has been issued
since 1838 in this District of a less denomination
than five dollars is in direct violation of law, and
it is to remedy this evil and to enable the authori-
ties to prevent persons from proceeding in these
violations of law, that the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia has been called upon to act in
this matter. We have not been called upon by
the citizens of this District or by other persons to
regulate the paper or metallic currency or any other
currency of this District outside of the small note
circulation. Our attention has been called to that
single point. We have been told by the petitions
of citizens residing here that there is a law upon
the statute-book which is violated openly and
da.ly—a law prohibiting the issue of bills or bank
notes of a less denomination than five dollars, and
they desire us to furnish them with additional rem-
edies to prevent the continuance of tne evil. Sir,
this nuisance of a shinplaster currency has become
so aggravated as to be annoying aiid alarming to
every man who has occasion to use a dollar within
the District. Thegentleman from Maryland [Mr.
Howie] read the other day from an approved De-
tector a list of thirty-seven of these paper machines
in (}>is District; and, sir, the community has be-
come alarmed lest in an evil hour—in a time of
pressure, when these notes are presented for pay-
ment, it will be found that there is no cash with
which to pay them. My remarks are designed,
Mr. Chairman, for the benefit of those who are
the friends of reform ; for those who are the oppo-
nents of an irresponsible paper currency, but who,
by the amendments they propose to offer to this
bill, in my judgment, are more likely to defeat its
whole object than are the efforts of the worst ene-
mies of a gold and silver currency,
The honorable member from Ohio (Mr. Cart-
ter] proposes an amendment which is, in effect,
to exclude entirely all paper currency from circu-
lation in this District. Well, sir, that is all very
fiue in theory, and I wish myself that it could Lie
carried into practice. 1, for one, am opposed to
all bank paper circulation, whether it be issued by
a company legally incorporated, or by irresponsi-
ble persons, or associations, or companies without
authority of law. But allow me to ask my friend
from Ohio, if he is present, and if he is not pres-
ent, to ask the members of this committee who
agree with me that it is better to have no paper
currency at all, if it is not better to strike down
the issue of the paper currency of a denomination
less than five dollars, than to do nothing by way
of reform? Is it not better to do this much, than
to attempt a thing which, from all past experience,
it is evident we cannot accomplish?
I see that my friend from Ohio is present, andJI
will address a few remarks to him. I understand
him to be an out-and-out hard money, gold and
silver currency man; opposed to all paper curren-
cy of every kind ana description whatever. I
understand that his voice has been raised from
year to year, and from time to time, in Ohio, for
the accomplishment of that object—to bring
about the total expulsion of all Dank paper of
every kind and description, within the limits of
the State of Ohio. But I ask my friend from '
Ohio, how far he has succeeded in accomplishing
that object ? I ask him if it is not a well-estab-
lished, and well-known fact, that the whole at-
tempt has resulted in a total and splendid failure,
greatly to the modification of the sound Democrats
of his State? And I would further ask, if the dis-
astrous failure to carry out that object in the State
of Ohio, should not admonish us that when we
undertake to do the same thing in this District,
we should profit by the past, and enact a practi-
cal rather than a fanciful law? Let us now take
the first step, and do it effectually; then take the.
second, and not undertake to accomplish the whole
object at onee, and thereby fail in the undertaking.
Mr CARTT'ER. I will answer the gentleman
as to the effect of thestruggle in the State of Ohio,
to which he has alluded, against shinplasters gen-
erally. It is true that the issue in Ohio has not
resulted in establishing effectively the Democratic
currency; but it should be remembered that when
that issue was made by the Democracy of Ohio,
the State was incumbered by the same description
of shinplaster machinery that overspreads this
District at the present time. But I will remark
that, although that struggle did not result in the
establishment of a purely constitutional currency,
yetitdid result in bringing those institutions down
to a responsible test. I hold the doctrine that
there can be no law passed which shall make a
responsible paper currency.. There is no such
thing as a responsible paper currency; and I go
for $ war against its existence; and I go now tor
a bill which shall work out that result in this Dis-
trict.
But while I confess that the constitutional cur-
rency has not been restored to the citizens of
Ohio, or of any tither State in the Union, yet the
honorable chairman of this committee will pftrdon
me for making a distinction between the States of
the interior and the border States of the Union—
between the States remote from the Atlantic and
those forming the heads of the money market and
the centers of trade. The difference is this: The
circumference of trade, or the remote dependencies
upon trade, are under a commercial necessity to
make the headB or interior of trade their safes or
the keepers of theirJreasury, and that is a reason
why they should not establish a purely metallic
currency. It is true that, in the city of New
York, the banks which have ail existence are un-
able to keep theircapital in circulation. The same
may be true in Philadelphia, and the same is espe-
cially true of the city of Washington. This city
has no foreign trade which ought to influence this
question at all. It is immediately dependent upon
a gold and silver Treasury for all its capital, arid
the entire paper currency of the city can and ought
to be dispensed with.
Mr. BOWIE. I wish to submit a single re-
mark upon the foreign trade of the District.
Mr. FICKLIN. I will do justice to that, if
my friend will allow me to proceed.
Mr. BOWIE. One word. I was about to re-
mark that I had done injustice in the remarks the
other day, as to the trade rif this District, and I
now wish to repair that injustice. I stated then,
that the importation of flour into the port of
Georgetown was one hundred ana fifty thousand
barrels. It is three hundred and fifty thousand. I
am authorized further to say that a single bank in
this city—one of the old incorporations—makes a
collection from the northern States, of more than
five millionsof dollars annually, and there are four
such banks in the District; so that the trade of this
District, in exchanges, must be upwards of two
millions of dollars annually. Thegentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Cartter] is mistaken when he says
this District is dependent upon the issues of the
Treasury for its capital. There is much wealth in
this city which has no connection with the Gov-
ernment.
Mr. FICKLIN. I will say in confirmation of
the remarks of the honorable member from Mary-
land, [Mr. Bowie,] that if my honorable f#ery3
from Ohio, [Mr. Cartter,] or any other member
of the House, will go to Georgetown and look at the
fine manufactories and flouring mills in that city,
and at the vessels in her harbor taking in cargoes
of flour for the West India Islands, he will find
that a great mistake has been made in the state-
ments in the House with regard to the trade of
this District. The wealth and commerce of George-
town greatly exceed the estimate usually placed
upon them. But I do not consider that small bills
are necessary to the success of that commerce. I
believe that Congress should exclude at the earli-
est practicable moment, the entire circulation of
bank paper within the limits of the District. But
I think jt is entirely impracticable to attempt such
a thing now; and as this bill does not profess to
embrace the entire currency question, I desire not
to have it incumbered with either the amendment
of my friend from Ohio, or that of my friend from
Mississippi.
But a word with regard to my friend from Ohio,
[Mr. Cartter.] He acknowledges that in the
fight in his own State against the banks, he and
our other anti-bank Democratic friends came out
second best. I think that is clearly and manifestly
so. In the midst of the denunciations hurled
against the banks by the distinguished ex-Senator
from Ohio, [Mr. Allen,] than whom a more elo-
quent debater is not known to me, and in the
midst of the denunciations of the scarcely less
eloquent gentleman now before me [Mr. Cart-
ter]—in defiance of all this, we find that the State
Legislature comes up and charters the State bank
of Ohio and branches, than which scarcely any
bank in this country is more powerful in its influ-
ence, or more dangerous in the circulation of its
bills. It extends its paper over the whole valley
of the Mississippi, and sends it out by the million.
My friend talks about the reforms they have
accomplished in the currency ofthe State of Ohio.
Why, sir, if he will go to the great commercial
mart of his own State—if he will go to Cincinnati,
he will find there these one dollar shinplasters
against which he complains so much, and even
the very paper of this city circulated freely in the
streets. That is the result of the war which the
gentleman has waged against the banks. He will
find the miserable currency of this District there
in one dollar notes and two dollar notes—dirty,
greasy and black, tattered and torn, circulating m
the streets of Cincinnati. Therefore I say,to him,
strike at something practical; strike at something
