1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
308
you can accomplish; strive to do something that I
is within the limits of reason; strikeat these miser-
able slunplaster one ajul two dollar notes, against
which the prejudices of the people are excited,
and you will have the people to support you in i{.
But it" you go to preaching good sound Bentonian
doctrines, against all manner of bank paper, they
will vote you down. I am for any feasible bill.
1 am for a practical measure. I am for giving ef-
ficiency to the laws of the District, which prohibit
the circulation of bank notes under the denomina-
tion of five dollars.
Now, sir, a word to my friend from Mississippi,
[Mr. Freeman,] who otters an amendment to this
bill to provide for a constitutional currency in this
District. Why, sir, in doing that he would raise
one of the most mooted and perplexing questions
known to politicians or lawyers—they would
diner as to what was a constitutional currency.
Again, his amendment proposes to exclude from
circulation all paper currency under ten dollars,
and recognizes paper above that denomination if
it is issued out of the District.
Mr. FREEMAN. 1 would ask the gentleman
if it is a mooted question, whether gold and silver
are a constitutional currency, and if the Constitu-
tion recognizes any other currency'
Mr. F1CKL1N. It is not doubted that gold
and silver do constitute a constitutional currency.
But I will tell the gentleman, that if there is no
other constitutional currency, that there is a great
deal of unconstitutional currency circulating in the
country.
Mr. FREEMAN. In reply to that, I will say
that it is done not by authority of Congress, but
by the authority of the Legislatures of the several
States, and, in my opinion, in direct violation of
that clause of the Federal Constitution, which
prohibits States from issuing bills of credit.
Mr. F1CKLIN. My friend from Mississippi
will see that he is upon one side of that question,
and a great majority of the people of this country
are upon the other side. A very great majority
of the people of the country believe that the States
have the right to charter banks with authority to
issue paper currency. That is one of the most
mooted questions that could be presented. Those
who deny that right, will, if they insist upon it
strenuously, find that throughout the length and
breadth of this land there is a large and over-
whelming majority differing with them in opin-
ion.
It was, I think, some eight or ten years ago,
during a debate in the Congress of the United
States upon the gold bill, or some other bill in re-
gard to currency, that Mr. Webster said, that if
he had been asked twenty-five years ago whether
a State may charter a bank, and authorize it to
issue and circulate a paper currency, he would
have answered in the negative, but that it had been
settled otherwise, and he acquiesced in it.
It is not wonderful, Mr. Chairman, that my
friend from Mississippi should be sensitive in re-
gard to this question of a paper currency. The
State of Mississippi, probably,has suffered more
than any other State in this Union from a paper
currency. They issued all manner of bank notes,
from one hundred dollars down to twelve and
even six and a quarter cents.
Mr. FREEMAN. No bank of that State ever
issued any notes of less denomination than five
dollars. Individuals did so, but without authority
of law.
Mr. FICKLIN. True, it was not done by
banks, but by individuals and associations with-
out authority from the Legislature. I stated what
was done in point of fact, and did not intend to be
understood as saying that such issues were made
bybanksby theauthority of the Legislature. Isay,
in point of fact, the State of Mississippi and its
people were cursed by a circulation issued by
banks and individuals, in various ways, some au-
thorized, and some unauthorized by law, running
down as low as twelve and a half, and perhaps six
and a quarter cents, and when any person ob-
tained one of these shinplasters, he hurried to the
nearest grocery, or the nearest store, or wherever
his inclination carried him, to get rid of it, for fear
that it would break upon his hands. The most
miserable and wouhless currency in the world
was issued and circulated in the State of Missis-
sippi, and hence my friend [Mr. Freeman] from !
that State becomes nervous when you speak ofj
bank paper; and I trust, that instead of throwing I
! any obstacle in the way of this bill, he will unite
with us in doing something that is practical; some-
thing that will result in excluding all notes under
the denomii^ition of five dollars.
Mr. FREEM AN. I will say that I shall vote
for the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Cartter,] and I shall vote for the bill, pro-
vided my amendment cannot be adopted.
Mr. FICKLIN. 1 say to my friend, I will
vote for the bill, if their amendments are adopted,
and I will vote for an exclusive metallic currency
in this District, when that question is presenteduo
me; but Task gentlemen, when we have some-
thing that is practical, that they will not incumber
it with something that is impracticable—not to
break it down by attempting to do more than we
can accomplish.
Where,sir, in this wide-spread Confederacy,is
there a State in which bank paper does not circu-
late? Not even in Mississippi. As I understand
t, bank bills of the Louisiana banks circulate in
theState of Mississippi, and are regarded as being
as good, if not better, than specie, owing to the
fact that New Orleans is the commercial center of
that section of country.
Mr. FREEMAN. In regard to that, I will say
that we deal in that description of paper as an ar-
ticle of merchandise, and not as money.
Mr. FICKLIN. They deal in it as an article of
merchandise. That is the way the whole United
States is dealing in it, and it is the way the ven-
ders of shinplasters are dealing in it here, purely
as an article of merchandise, and a very worthless
kind at that, as I contend. Their profits will be
large, for a great many of them, unless they are
checked or put down, will fail entirely to redeem
their bills.
I wish now to reply to a question of my friend
from Virginia, [Mr. Meade,] who made a speech
upon this bill, day before yesterday. It is not so
much to the remarks he then made, as to the ques-
tion he now asks me, that I desire to reply. He
asks if the law which is now' in force, the act of
j 1838, would not suppress the circulation of small
11 notes in this District, how is it possible for us to
I do it?
Well, sir, I propose now to show him the de-
fects of that law, and the cumulative remedies that
this bill affords.
The old law provides a penalty of fifty dollars,
j which strikes at all classes of persons—the poor
laborer who receives the bill, the shopman who is
paid with it, as well as the manufacturer who
makes and vends it for profit. That penalty can
be enforced in no other way than by indictment
by the grand jury of the'District, and a conviction
by a petty jury. The fact that the penalty strikes
at ail classes alike, and that the remedy is so dila-
tory, are reasons sufficient why the law has not
been effective. The vender, who vends millions of
dollars, can afford to pay his fifty dollars fine, as
! often as he can be convicted under the tardy pro-
cess of the courts in this District. The poor daily
laborer who takes it, cannot be convicted, because
public sentiment revolts at the imposition of a fine j
of fifty dollars upon one who is not parliceps crim-
inis to the issuing, dealing in, and vending this
paper. Hence it is that this law has been ineffi-
cient.
What additional remedy do we offer? We pro-
pose by the new bill to indict the maker and deal-
ers in this paper. We propose, in addition, to
indict the man or company who jhall keepa bank- J
ing-house, or other house for the purpose of deal-
ing in this paper. We propose then to give fo
every individual a qui tam action, by which hetan
recover ten dollars for any bill passed by one of j
these dealers. |
We propose further, that all persons who deal
under a license from the corporation of the city of
Washington or of Georgetown, in the District of
Columbia, such as merchants, hotel-keepers, gro-
cers, hackmen, butchers, &c., who shall receive
or pay out any paper under the denomination of
five dollars, shall, on conviction thereof, forfeit 1
their license, and no other license shall be granted ^
to such offender for the space of one year thereafter. |,
By this bill, then, we strike-not at the poor man, j,
not at the laborer, not at the innocent man who '
shall take it, without knowing that it is wrong to
take it, but we strike at the man who makes the
money, who owns the paper mill that grinds it .
out. We strike at the man who owns the bank- ||
ing-house where^he paper is issued, at the licensed ii
merchant and other dealers in the District who
deal in (his paper, because it is illegitimate paper,
rendered so by the act of 1838, because it is a
nuisance, because it tends to drive out gold and
silver as a circulating medium.
It is desired by my friend from Tennessee, [Mr.
Jones,] who made a speech day before yesterday,
and in the sentiments of which I fully concur, to
exclude the circulation of all paper which is not
expressly authorized and regulated by law, in this
District—that is, paper over the denomination of
five dollars, as well as paper under that denomina-
tion. What I have said in answer to my friend
from Ohio, [Mr. Cartter,] as to the impractica-
bility of this measure at the present time, applies
with all its force to the position taken by my friend
from Tennessee.
For one, I desire that this bill—having but a
single object, which is to give force and efficiency
to a law already in existence, to exclude from cir-
culation all paper uqder the denomination of five
dollars—shall not be incumbered by amendments
regulating other paper currency, or regulating the
gold and silver currency of the District. If it is
the pleasure of this House that a bill shall be re-
ported which shall prohibit the circulation of all
paper, the committee would be very willing to act
upon the subject.
But, sir, that is a different question. The one
is to make illegal that which is not now legal; the
other is to give efficiency to an act which makes
it illegal to circulate paper under the denomination
of five dollars. The one is a practical question,
and a law in reference thereto we can enforce; but
a law in regard to the other matter, we cannot en-
force at the present time.
Mr. FREEMAN. The gentleman has already
stated, and very clearly, that there is no law au-
thorizing the issuing of bank paper in this District,
and he is willing to have its circulation prohibited,
if it could be done.
Now, I would ask the gentleman whatinfluence
we are to encounter, either in this House or out
of it, to prevent us from simply saying, that in the
District of Columbia it shall not be lawful to issue
paper currency ? The people of the District are
not our immediate constituents; they do not vote
to put us in or out of office. Although we legis-
late for them, they have no voice in our election,
and therefore they exercise no influence upon this
House in that way. Then, what influence is there
within this Houss to prevent our saying that
hereafter paper money shall not be used in this
District by authority of Congress, or by any other
authority? I wish the gentleman to state distinctly
why it is impossible for us to prohibit the issue
and circulation of paper currency, either above or
below five dollars.
Mr. FICKLIN. I will state, in reply to my
friend from Mississippi, that in no State of this
Union has public opinion sustained the entire ex-
clusion of paper currency, and I fear it never will.
If we find, notwithstanding the efforts of the elo-
quent gentlemen from Mississippi [Mr. Free-
man] and Ohio, [Mr. Cartter,] that bank paper
" lives, and moves, and has its being" in their
own States, how can we expect to excludeithere?
Even the ex-Senator from Missouri [Mr. Benton]
—known more generally as " Old Bullion," the
father of the gold and silver reform—has not been
able to drive paper currency from his own State.
Ithas not been done anywhere, and yet my friends
from Mississippi, [Mr. Freeman,] and from
Ohio, [Mr. Cartter,] and Tennessee, [Mr.
Jones,] who are good hard-money men, and de-
sire reforms in the existing "vitiated and mischiev-
ous currency in,the District, refuse to go with us;
no, not refuse, but will risk the defeat of this bill,
which, if passed, will drive out of circulation all
notes of a denomination less than five dollars, in
order that they may make another fruitless attempt
to exclude all paper currency—a thing shown to
be impracticable at all times heretofore, and in all
States of the Union.
The gentleman asks what influence can be
brought to bear against a bill to exclude all kinds
of paper, that will not be exerted against this hill ?
Why,sir, the whole moneyed influence of this Dis-
trict will be systemized and united in skillfully-
directed efforts to defeat its passage. Under the
operations of this bill, a war will spring up be-
tween the paper-mongers, the large bill-dealers will
be arrayed against the small bill-dealers, and they
will aid in enforcing the law against dealers in
