304
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 14.
•hinplasters, because their interest will so prompt
them.
It is contended by some, that the moneyed influ-
ence'of the District will be as nothing, because the
people here are not properly our constituents; but
let me ask what has that influence effected in times
past •' Has it not procured the recharter, year alter
year, in Democratic Congresses, of these banks?
Certainly it has, and none know that better than
the gentleman from Mississippi. Four or five
banks have been chartered anu rechartered year
after year, by reason of that influence, and they
could not be defeated.
Mr. FREEMAN. I understand that these
banks have been given a certain length of time in
which to settle their affairs, and to sue and be sued
for that purpose; and that under the power to sue
and be sued, they have continued to exercise the
full franchise of banking corporations, thereby
fraudulently taking advantage of the very slight
power granted only to enable them to collect out-
standing liabilities and enforce their unexecuted
contracts.
Mr. FICKLIN. I think that the gentleman is
mistaken. They are now doing business in their
individual character, under articles of partnership
to which they have agreed.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Notes are is-
sued, and the whole business of the banks con-
ducted in the name of trustees.
Mr. FREEMAN. It was my impression that
these banks were given a limited time to wind up
their concerns, and to sue and to be sued for that
purpose, and that they had taken advantage of
our legislation to rise, like the Phoenix from the
ashes of its ancestor, into full-grown banks.
Mr. CARTTER. They always defraud the
people.
Mr. FICKLIN. They are fraudulent concerns,
and I want to get rid of them at the earliest pos-
sible moment.
Mr. FREEMAN. I wish to direct the gentle-
man's attention to one point before he sits down.
It is not my object to defeat the bill. If I cannot
get the amendment providing for the circulation
of metallic currency alone, I shall vote for the
biJI as it is. Weknow these banks have no power
to issue bank paper. Now, what is to prevent
any voluntary association, if we allow the issu-
ance of notes of a greater denomination than five
doliarti, from establishing a bank of the United
States here, by implication under the authority
of this bill r Go home to your Democratic, con-
stituents, those of you who voted against the
United States Bank time and again, from General
Jackson's first warfare against it, and show them
the authority of Congress to continue the issu-
ance of bank paper in this District. This bill
prohibits a trifling portion of the circulation of
unauthorized banks, and knowingly and avowedly
suffers a vast amount of illegal paper to circulate.
This negative permission will be treated as posi-
tive authority to do so.
Mr. FICKLIN. My Democratic constituents
have fought the bank question as zealouly as those
of either my friend from Mississippi or my friend
from Ohio. Resolutions were passed in every
Democratic convention, denouncing all banks,
great andsmall, from the gallinipper up or down,
whichever you please. [Laughter.]
But a provision was inserted into the amended
constitution of Illinois, that it should be left to the
decision of the people of the State whether or not
we should have banks; and to my mortification,
and the mortification of all hard money men, a
majority of the people decided in favor of banks.
And now banks are established in different sec-
tions of my State, in pursuanceofa general bank-
ing law passed by the Legislature. We have there
now the beginning of a sliinplaster currency,
which I fear is but little better than that of the Dis-
trict of Columbia. My friend from Mississippi
is therefore mistaken in regard to these matters.
Public opinion will not sustain him. The Whig
party, together with the bank portion of the Demo-
cratic party, constitute a majority, and always
vote down the hard money men. We excluded
banks from the State of Illinois for a long while,
but the argument used everywhere by the bank-
ites, and which proved irresistible, was this: that
the good Democratic States of Indiana and Mis-
souri had banks, and sent their bank paper there,
and that the good Democratic State of South
Carolina tolerated State banks, and why should
they oppose them? And, sir, the majority of the
people voted in opposition to the Democratic organs
and the Democratic politicians, and gave life and
validity to a general banking law.
Let me say to the gentleman from Mississippi,
that if the Democrats are not wide awake in his
State, not many years will pass by ere he will find
the Legislature rechartering the Brandon Bank,
and other kindred institutions, which exploded
and swindled the people of the State in every di-
rection. The cashier of that memorable concern,
(located, I believe, in the gentleman's district,)
ran away with its bills and effects; and I am not
certain that the Democratic party of the Legisla-
ture of Mississippi gave him a vote of thanks for
doing so—[laughterj—for ridding them of the
worthless trash issued in the shape of bills by that
bank—a commodity so valueless that those who
engaged in stealing it broke at the business. The
cashier certainly conferred a great benefit upon the
people of that State by running away with the
paper of the far-famed Bank of Brandon.
Mr. FREEMAN. The gentleman draws on
his fancy for his facts. I hope he will not palm
off his Illinois tricks upon my hard money State.
The shinplaster States are all jealous of Missis-
sippi bullion. [Laughter.]
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi. Had you not a
bank at Shawneetown?
Mr. FICKLIN. We had a bank at Shawnee-
town, a bank at Cairo, and a State bank, with
branches all over the State, and they all exploded,
as might reasonably have been expected.
Mr. CARTTER. And they always will.
Mr. FICKLIN. The history of banks of cir-
culation in all ages and in all countries, proves them
to be unsafe and unreliable. They fleece the peo-
ple by usurious interest while times are good, and
suspend or break in times of monetary pressure,
leaving their bill-holders to whistle for their pay.
Mr. DEAN. Have you faro-banks in your
State1 [Laughter.]
Air. FICKLIN. I suppose we have, and I
think them the least dishonest of all banks. [Re-
newed laughter.]
A Member. They aredeposit banksaltogether,
are they not?
Mr. FICKLIN. The gentleman speaks feel-
ingly, perhaps, on that subject. [Laughter.]
Maryland has taken theinitiativein reforming the
currency. She passed an act, onesection of which
went into operation in October last, and the other
goes into effect the first of next March, by which
notes of a less denomination than five dollars are
excluded from circulatiorf. The committee desire
to act in harmony with the States of Virginia and
Maryland upon the subject, and therefore pro-
pose, that all bank notes of a less denomination
than five dollars, shall be excluded from circula-
tion tn this District. I notice by the morning pa-
pers, that the Governor of New Jersey, in his last
annual message, calls the attention of the Legisla-
ture of that State to this subject, and recommends
the exclusion from circulation in the State, of notes
of a less denomination than five dollars. Five
dollars seems to be the amount agreed upon by the
authorities of all the States who have acted upon
the subject. It is a conventional amount. I hope
that the movement which has been made in the
right direction, will be seconded by this Congress.
I desire that the power of this Government shall
be used to make tj^e act of 1838 effective in the ex-
clusion of small notes.
I will now state, briefly, in regard to the cor-
poration of Georgetown, that it is, at this time,
banking upon its own indebtedness. It has in
circulation some $75,000 worth of paper, which,
I understandregarded in this community as
safe and as good as any circulating medium in the
country, owing to the fact that in any event the
funds would ultimately be raised by taxation to
pay the notes; and there is great individual wealth
within the limits of that corporation. They pro-
pose to give United States stocks or any other pos-
sible security that may be desired, in order that a
short time may be granted them to wind up their
affairs. The committee did not feel at liberty,
however, to discriminate in favor of any banking
concern, however solvent, but impose the same
penalties 6n all who stood in the same category,
by violating the small bill law of 1838.
Mr. VENABLE. Do I understand my friend ,
from Illinois to say that the rorpowtion of George- '
town issued stock to the amount of $75,000, and
I are banking on that debt ?
Mr. FICKLIN. They owe a debt of from
$75,000 to $125,000, and they have in circulation
$75,000. The stock is considered to be good, and
the profits of the banking is a sinking fund for the
extinguishment of the debt.
Mr. VENABLE. Then the philosopher's
stone is discovered. It is ascertained at last that
the more a man owes the less he is in debt, pro-
vided he can divide his liabilities.
Mr. FREEMAN. Do I understand the gen-
tleman to say that they owe $75,000, and in order
to pay that debt they issue $75,000 more of paper,
and become indebted to the community for it ?
Mr. FICKLIN. They have issued, as I un-
derstand, and put in circulation, $75,000 of small
notes, the interest and profits of which are used
as a sinking fund to pay the debts of the corpora-
tion.
Mr. BOWIE. I beg leave to make this state-
ment. I have been informed, in regard to the
Georgetown corporation, that they have stocks
amounting to $190,000.
Mr. VENABLE. They are in promises to pay.
Mr. FICKLIN. My friend from Maryland
[Mr. Bowie] is correct in the statement, that
they have stocks to the amount of their issue.
They propose to pledge for their circulation stock
of the United States, or any other sort of stock,
if they are permitted to continue their circulation.
Mr. BO WIE. I undertake to say that the credit
of the corporation of Georgetown is very high,
and that they have abundant resources. Their
stock is above par considerably in the market.
Mr. FICKLIN. They propose to give any
amount of United States stocks forsecurity. I un-
derstand that their bills are regarded as being as
safe as any currency in this region of the country.
The effort which they are now making, is to use
the proceeds of the paper which they have in cir-
culation, as a sinking fund to discharge the debt
which there is against them.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The first section of the bill was then read, as fol-
lows:
" Be it enacted, 4 c., That if any person, or any associa-
tion, partnership, or company of individuals, or any both
politic or corporate within the District of Columbia, shall,
from and after the passage of this act, make, emit, issue, or
utter any bill of credit, bank note, promissory note, bill of ex-
change, order, ticket, or any other instrument of writing, in
a less amount, or of a less denomination than five dollars, to
be used as a paper currency,or as a circulating medium,
either as money or in lieu of money, or of any other currency,
or shall make, sign, draw, or indorse any bank note, prom-
issory note, bill oi exchange, bill of credit, order, ticket, or
any other instrument of writing, obligation, promise, con-
tract, or agreement, for the payment or delivery of money or
other valuable thing, or of anything purporting to be a valua-
ble thing of a less amount than five dollars to be used as a pa-
per currency, or as a circulating medium, either as money, or
in lieu of money or of any other currency, every such per-
son,and every member, officer, or agent of such association,
partnership, company of individuals, body-politic or corpo-
rate, concerned in or assenting to such making, emitting, ut-
terins, signing, drawing, or indorsing as aforesaid, for any
of the purposes aforesaid, shall be liable to indictment by
the grand jury of the District of Columbia for a misde-
meanor; and, on conviction thereof, shall be imprisoned for
a term not, less than ten days, nor more than one year, and
fined in a sum not less than one hundred, nor more than
five hundred dollars. And if is hereby especially declared
and enacted that, in the case of an association, partnership,
or company of individuals, body-politic or corporate, com-
mitting any of the offenses aforesaid, everyindividual there-
of shall be presumed, prima facie, to be concerned in, and
to have assented to, the commission of such offense, and
the burden of providing his or her dissent therefrom shall
rest on him or her."
The CHAIRMAN. The question pending is
the motion of thegentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Cart-
ter,] to strike from the above section the words,
" in a less amount, or of a less denomination than
five dollars," wherever it occurs.
Mr. JOHNSON ,of Arkansas. I move to amend
the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Cartter,] by inserting the word "ten" instead
of the word "five." I will ask first if I have not
the privilege of five minutes to oppose the amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from Ohio?
The CHAIRMAN. That has not been the prac-
tice. The gentleman has five minutes upon hjs
proposed amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON. Then I move the amendment
which I have indicated. It comes in conflict with the
amendment offered by the gentleman from Ohio,
whose object is to exclude tne power of any com-
pany, association, or corporation within this Dis-
trict for issuing a note for any sum for circulation
