308
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 14,
Mr. POLK. Will the gentleman let the facts
come out.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Illi-
nois has the floor by the permission of the gentle-
man from Mississippi, [Mr. Nabers.]
Mr. CAMPBELL. Well, sir, I was going on
to corroborate the statement of my friend from
Tennessee, that in my district these Hallowell
bills, coming from the State of Maine, were signed
by one of the name of Washburn. I do not know
whether it was by the gentleman before me or not.
Mr. WASHBURN. Certainly it was not.
Mr. CAMPBELL. It was either he or his
brother. [Laughter.] They were exceedingly
plenty in my district, especially about election time.
[Laughter. |
Mr. WASHBURN here made a remark inaud-
ible at the reporter's desk.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I did not say anything j
about redemption. 1 say that they came from a j
place in Maine called Hallowell. i
Mr. WASHBURN. That is not in my dis- :
trict, and I never had any interest in the Hallowell
Bank. The bills of the bank referred to are good,
and I suppose circulate in the West like other
sound New England money.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I did not say anything as
to whether the bills were good or bad.
The CHAIRMAN. Thegentlemen are not in
order. They will please address the Chair.
The question was taken upon the amendment
Mr. Nabers. to insert instead nf " thrppM tho
i1 That if any poison or person®, bodv-politic or corporate,
• within the Disti>'-*t oi' Colombia, bhail, from and alter the
pas:-ag< of tins act, make, sii? , draw, indorse, emit, or
■ issue any note, biil of e\ehango, bill of credit, order,
ticket, promise, njfreeme'it, nr any other in>trnment ot
writing, in a le^ amount or of a le*^ denomination than
fiv« dollars, or lor the payment or dehveiy of money, notes,
or other valuable thing, or of anything purpoiting to be a
valuable thin?, of a U--*s amount or denomination than five
dollar*, or purportiofr or evidencing. or intended to purport
or evidence, that any sum l2>s thpn rivo dollar* u ill t>e paid
in money, notes, or other thing, to any person i- cfnusy,
or holding such note, bill of exchange, or other ii.^ti ument
of writmgnbove mentioned, or that it will be rcceiveu in
payment of a>.y debt or dues, with the intention to create
or put into circulation a paper currency, either a^ monev
or in lieu of money, every such person, and eveiy member,
officer, or a?ent of any such body-politic or unporate, di-
rectly or indirectly engaged andeonennod in or a>su:tiii«
to such making, signing, drawing, indor-iiig, emitting, or
issuing as a oiesaid, for any of the purposes alore«aid, shall
i he liable to indictment by the grand jury of tit*1 .District ot
Columbia for a misdeim-anor; and on conviction, Uiey
shall he imprisoned tor a term not less  han ten days nor
more than one year, and fined in a sum not les.-- than fntv
■ nor more than five hundred dollars ; and on the tiial of an\
such indictment, it the note, bill, order, ticket, or other in
strument in question he, in part or in the whole, printed or
engraven, it shall be deemed sufficient evidence of an in-
tention to put the same into circulation in violation ot this
act, unless the contrary be plainly shown.
of Mr. Nabers, to insert instead of " three
word " twenty," and it was disagreed to.
Mr. NABERS. I move to insert " thirty" in-
stead of three.
Mr. TAYLOR. I rise to a question of order.
My colleague proposed to strike out of the eighth
line the words "of a less denomination than five
dollars." I then proposed to amend by inserting
the word "three" instead of "five." Now, I
think, until the question is taken upon theamend-
ment I have submitted, no othpr amendment is in
order, it being an amendment to an amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has already
decided that question, upon the ground that this is
a mere amendment to perfect the words proposed
to be stricken out.
Mr. NABERS. I desire to say a single word
upon the subject now underconsideration. I have
listened with a good deal of attention to the dis-
cussion that has taken place, and I think we will
be benefited by it. The conclusion to which 1 j
nave arrived from what has been stated by gentle- f
men upon the floor, is, that if we can do anything i
at all in regard to banking privileges in the Dis^
trict of Columbia, we should pass a bill similar to
those which have been passed in Maryland, Dela-
ware, New York, and Virginia, giving to the peo-
ple here precisely such privileges as are enjoyed
by Unpeople of those States. The question with
me is this: Can we properly deprive the people of
the District of privileges enjoyed by the people of
lJ}e States? If we cannot, let the Committee on
the District of Columbia frame n banking biil well j
guarded, well restricted, in every sense of the I1
word. But, on the other hand, if we are permit- i,
ted to discriminate and to exclude the citizens of l,
this District from the enjoyment of the same !
privileges with the citizens of the States, let us 1
stop this discussion and all the banks. And now
I will do a thing which has rarely been done this
session—close my remarks before the expiration
of my time. [Laughter.]
Mr. DEAN. I am opposed to this amendment.
I wove that the committee do now rise.
The question was taken, and the committee re-
fused to rise.
1uestion on the amendment of
Jj, and it was disagreed to.
J^estion was then taken on the amendment
riVrr* J- AYL0R> and it was disagreed to.
The CHAIRMAN. The question now recurs
upon the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr Cartter,] to strike out from the eighth line
of the first section the words, " in a less amount,
or„°/ a jess denomination than five dollars."
Mr. CARTTER. I call for tellers.
.tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Ficklin and '
Cartter were appointed. j
The question was taken, and the amendment '
was rejected; the tellers having reported—aves 44 i
noes not counted. !
Mr. MILLSON. I propose the following sub- ,
stitute for the first section: I
Mr. Chairman, I am exceedingly desirous to
cooperate with the committee who reported this
bill in the passage of sortie suitable law for the
suppression of what we all regard as a serious evil.
I have, however, objections to some of the pro-
visions of the bill, lis phraseology applies 10 sub-
jects which, I am sure, the committee did nnt intend
to embrace. For that reason, and with a view that
1 may be enabled, on the final passage of the bill,
to vote with those gentlemen who have at heart
the object which I myself desire to accomplish, I
have suggested, after some little trouble in the
preparation of it, a different phraseology, in the
first place, I do not believe it was the object of the
committee to punish the mere uttering of a note
under the denomination of five dollars by confine-
ment in the penitentiary. I can hardly suppose
; that gentlemen designed to inflict this disgraceful
and infamous punishment upon some poc.r man,
! or respectable lady, who may, in ignorance ol'tije
law, receive a note under the denomination of five
dollars from a shopkeeper, and immediately after-
wards utter and pay it to another. Such a pun-
ishment would be revolting to the feelings of all.
In thne amendment which I have presented, I have
endeavored to keep in view the object which I am
sure the committee themselves desired to accom-
plish. I have, I think, in some degree condensed
their phraseology; but I have confined the opera-
tion of this amendment to the manufacturers of
these notes, so that only those persons will be
affected by it who are guilty of making, signing,
and originally issuing this paper. Those persons
I propose to punish by confinement of not less
than ten days nor more than one year, and by fine
of not less than fifty nor more than one hundred
dollars. I have added one or two other clauses
designed merely to make more evident the inten-
tion of the committee. One clause I have added
is, that if, on the trial, the note or bill in question
should be wholly or in part printed or engraved it i
j, shall be deemed sufficient evidence of the Intention
to circulate, unless the contrary be plainly shown.
| Now, sir, in regard to the issue of notes of a
I larger denomination than five dollars by unauthor-
ized banking associations in this District, I am in
favor of the introduction of another bill which will
correct this evil also.
I do not think the object can be accomplished
in the mode proposed by gentlemen who have
submitted amendments for that purpose. It is
proper that some law should be passed, prohibit-
ing unchartered banks; but when the committee
come to reflect upon the provisions necessary in
i such a bill, they will find a degree of minuteness
and complexity of detail will be required, which
cannot be arrived at now. The friends of this bil I
may be assured that the object of my amendment
is the one which they themselves have in view.
I desired to rid the bill of some objections which
have been heretofore stated, and I have presented
the substitute for that object, and that object alone.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am opposed to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Virginia; and I shall
vote against all other amendments to this bill, not
that I believe the bill is perfect; but, on the con-
trary, if I had the power, I would make changes
in it; but I find it is impossible for us to arrive at
any satisfactory result from the various proposed
amendments here, and hence I intend, us fir?s my
course is concerned, and my vote will go, ti accom-
plish p 1I thegood I can, by passing some hing I
have objections to the bill, but 1 f..!mllre!y upon it
for want of a better, as it came from t lie com-
mittee.
Mr. MILLSON. Would the gentleman from
Alabama consent that the v.ifeor drughter of any
one of the members of Congress should be sent to
the penitentiary, because, in ignorance of your
law, she, after having received a note of a less
denomination from some shopkeeper, innocently
passed it over to another?
Mr. HOUSTON. I understand from the chair-
man of the committee that there are no proviskns
in this biil that will accomplish the object of which
the gentleman speaks.
Mr. F1CKLSN. Will the gentlemen allow
me 
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not wish to be intsr-
rnpted in my rernaiks, but I have sr>:d su'-stan-
tially what I intended to say, and I l'o not wish
to con; i'me improperly the time of the House.
If this bill is not gotten through to-day the pre-
sumption is, from information just received, that
th.s Houre will not remain in session foi the trans-
action of business to-morrow, and it will lead to
the delay of nil other business as a special order,
occupy ir_ ' '' ' ' ' - -
hope, th'.-rc
with rne in th
probably tho whole of next week. I
that those gen 0 em en who agree
nkius that notwithstanding this bill
may be made more perfect, vet r.c-or.iplisbes some-
thing in the direction we wish to go, v, ill srro t the
( amendments and pas.i the bi'J as it is before we
adjourn.
Mr. LETCHER. I move that the committee
rise.
The question was put, and the motion was not
, agreed to.
The question was (hen taken on Mr. Malison's
substitute for the first section, and it was aereed
to.
Section second was then read, :is follows:
'* Sec. 5. *2nd Ic if further ci; .c.'cj, Thru it'nn v p't*.con,or
1 any association, pnrtm r-Iitp, or compn> \ n< individuals, or
any body-politic oi eorpmate, within the'Di"tnct nt'Colum-
bia, shall, from and after the pa«: aK«? of tlo-a per have
: maintain, or keep, within the hunts of Paid District any
banking house, broker'sofficc orotheroffice, room, or place
of business, in orfrom which ehall or may be made, emitted
twued, uttered, s-i^ned, drawn, or iwlnrsed, hills of credir!
bond-, promissory note-, hills of oxclm^e. orders, tickets
or any other instrument* of writing obligation*. promise*'
contracts or agreement*, for the payment or delivery of
money or other valahie thins, or of nnjtlu ffnurportin1* to
be a valuable thing, of a les* amount than five'd-ulu * to be
used as a paper cm rencv, or a* a circulinwr medium, .-it'ier
as money, or hi lieu of money or of nri\ rth'r currency
every Mich person, and e\eiy member, officer, or n<rent ofr
such association, partnership company ofuiriiwdua'«T bodv-
polinc or corporate, concerned m oi as-rnmi* t , such hnr-
imr, maintaining, or beeping, a? afore^aiii, such bankinz-
jiouse, broker's office, or other oifice, mom. or place of
ou*ine«s as aforesaid, s hait he liable to indictment bv the
grand jury ot the District of Columbia for a midemeanor
and on conviction tlwn of shall be imprisoned and fined <br
the time and in the amount decJn.ed in the fir^t section of this
act: Previded, That loreaeh and ewrv dav, or pair of a
^''during which paid banking-house, "broker's office or
other office, room, or phceof bn«ine««, shall be /nd, main-
j tamed, or kept, every person and every member, officer,
or agent, as aforesaid, so offerdnijj as aforesaid, shall be
deemed guilty of a distinct and separate offense, aod sub-
ject to the penalties aforesaid."
Mr. McMULLIN. I move that the commit-
tee rise.
The question was put, and the motion was not
agreed to.
Mr. MILLSON. I suggest a mere verbal
amendment to this section. I have some doubt as
to the propriety of it altogether. I mnve to in-
sert in the proviso, after the word " he "where it
first occurs, the word " so," otherwise it mio-ht
involve us in the absurdity of declaring if any
individual maintained or kept a room in which he
had once committed an offense, he should he
deemed as repeating: the offense every time he
maintained and occupied it. I surest ,he phrase-
o,o£ry shall be " so had, maintained," &c.
Mr. HALL. I do nnt understand the position
Of the gentleman from Vii-inia. I understand
his objection to the second section is, that if vou
pnss it as it now stand
will make a distinct
• ii w III mane ft uisun;
offense every day of keeping the establishment.
Mr. MILLSOX. I desire to make it so.
I he question was then taken upon Mr. Milt-
soy s amendment, and it was agreed to.
The third section was then read, as follows:
Sec. 3. ^9ndte it further enacted. That if any person,
or any association, partnership, or company of individuals,
