1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
309
or any body-politic or corporate, whether within or without
the Un-trict of Columbia, shall make, emit, issue, utter,
sirn. ilraw, or indorse any bill of credit, bank note, promis-
sory note, bill of exchange, order, ticket, or any other in- (
strumcnt of wiiting,obligation, promise, contract, or agree-
ment, for the payment or deliver/ of anything other than
money, to be ti-ud as a circulating medium in this District,
every such bill of credit, bank note, promissory note, bill
of exchange, order, ticket, other instrument of writing,
promise, contract, or agreement, shall bedeemed and taken
to be made payable in money at the banking-house, broker's
office, or other office room, or place of business, at or train
which the same shall be made, emitted, issued, uttered,
signed, drawn, or indorsed as aforesaid ; and wheiher such
bill of credit, bank note, promissory note, bill of exchange,
order, ticket, other instrument of writing, obligation,
promise, contract, or agreement, purport to be made payable
in money or in the obligations of any bank or of.any asso-
ciation, partnership, or company of individuals, or of any
body-politic or corporate, or of any individual, it shall be
deemed and taken to be made payable in money by the
person, association, partnership, or company of individ
uals, body-politic or corporate, making, emitting, issuing,
uttering, signing, drawing, or indorsing the same; and
in default of payment of any such bill of credit, bank rlbte,
promissory note, bill or' exchange, order, ticket, other in-
strument of writing, ohiiguiion, promise, contract, or agree-
ment as aforesaid,-it the banking-house, broker's office, or
other office, room, or place of business, at or from which
the same shall be made, emitted, issued, uttered, signed,
drawn, or indorsed as aforesaid, or in default of payment
by the person, association, partnership, or company of in-
dividuals, body-politic or corporate, making, emitting, issu-
ing, uttering, signing, drawing, or indorsing tile same, when-
ever and wherever demanded, then tile amount thereof shall
be recoverable by action of debt before any justice of the
peace in the District of Columbia; and in any casein whlcb
the holder of such bill 01 credit, bank note, promissory note,
bill of exchange, order, ticket, other instrument of writing,
promise, contract, or agreement, shall make affidavit before
any justice of the peace as aforesaid that the same has been
presented tor payment as aforesaid, and that payment there-
of has been refused, and that the same is still due and un-
paid, and shall file Hie same in the office of the said justice,
it shall be the duty of the  aid justice to issue his warrant
for the arrest of the person or persons, or any of them, con-
cerned in or assenting to the making, emitting, issuing, ut-
tering, signing, drawing, or indorsing of the same; and
such person or persons shall not be discharged from such
arrest until the debt and costs are paid or secured to be
paid."
Mr. FICKLIN. There is a misprint in the
eighth line after the word "money." It should
be in less amount or for a less denomination, so as
to make it correspond with the other section.
The CHAIRMAN. It will be so corrected.
Mr. WASHBURN. I would move to strike
out all after the word " Colflmbia," where it oc-
curs the second time in the above section.
It appear iVo.ii this latter clause of the section,
that, upon the affidavitof the party interested, any
individual connected with the issutngof these notes
may be arrested upon a warrant issued for that
purpose, and without any proof whatever, except
that coming from the individual making his affidavit
tx parte, he is to be in effect convicted and pun-
ished; for he is to remain perpetually under ar-
rest unt'l he shall redeem this money, though, in
point of fact, it may have never been presented for
Redemption, and there is no legal competent evi-
dence that it was so presented, nothing but the
preliminary affidavit of the party interested. I
move, therefore, to strike out all after the word
" Columbia." The bill as it now stands provides
that upon affidavit, where any holder of a bill has
Presented rt for payment, and the payment has
een refused, t&at the party who issued it shall be
liable to arrest, and that arrest shall continue
without any provision for trial, until he shall pay
the debt and costs, although there may be no
pitoof that he ever issued the money, and none ex-
cept the affidavit of the party interested that it was
ever presented.
Mr. MEADE Before that clause in the bill is
considered, 1 wish to offer an amendment.
Mr. STUART. Will thegentleman from Vir-
ginia allow me to call the attention of the chair-
man of the Committee on the District of Columbia
[Mr. Ficklin] to the amendment he offered here
informally? 1 think it defeats his object. He
has had inserted in the third section the words
" five dollars or under." The object of that is to
Crevent the issuing of any bill payable in anything
ut money; and now put it in five dollars or up-
wards, it would allow the issue of those bills
larger than five dollars payable in anything but
specie. I think if be will withdraw his amend-
ment, that his idea will be carried out.
Mr. FICKLIN. The view the committee has
is this: To make provision for five dollar circu-
lation, and none other, and tfeat the bill neither
allows nor prohibits, or fixes anything byimplica-
,tion, or otherwise, in their circulation. Bills under
five dollars are made illegal by an act of Congress.
That act has not been executed. We wish to pass
this act for the purpose of giving effect to that taw.
Mr. STUART. It should not be for the issue !
of bills payable in anything but money, no matter
what their denomination is.
Mr. FICKLIN. It is not intended to give that;
alone. '
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I understand this
third section was framed for the purpose of pre-
venting the circulation of notes, of any denomina-
tion, payable in notes of other banks; and if the 1
amendment which the gentleman has moved pre-
vails, it will not prevent the circulation of five dol-
lar notes, payable in other notes, circulating here,
and by implication will authorize the circulation
of all notes above five dollars, though they may
be made payable in Virginia paper.
Mr. McMULLIN. Will my colleague give
way for a motion for the committee to rise?
Mr. MEADE. Certainly, I will yield the floor
to my colleague for that purpose.
Mr. McMULLIN. Then, sir, I move that the
committee do now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
Thecommittee accordingly rose, and theSpeaker
having resumed the chair, the Chairman (Mr.
Setmour, of Connecticut) reported that the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union had,
according to order, had under consideration the
state of the Union generally, and particularly the
bill of the House No. 341, " to suppress the circu-
lation of small notes as a currency in the District
of Columbia," and had come to no resolution
thereon.
* ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. HENN, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported back as correctly enrolled the fol-
lowing bills; which thereupon severally received
the signature of the Speaker, viz:
An act making an appropriation for the pay-
ment of Navy pensions for the year ending 30th
June, 1854;
An act to surrender to the State of Ohio the un-
finished portion of the Cumberland road, in said
State;
An act making appropriations for the payment
of invalid and other pensions of the United States,
for the year ending 30th June, 1854; and
An act for the relief of the heirs or legal repre-
. sentatives of Joseph Arnold, deceased.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER. If it is the pleasure of the
House, the Chair will present a few communica-
tions which have been received from the Execu-
tive Departments.
[Cries of " Agreed !"]
REPORT OF SECRETARY OF THE TREASURY.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to inquire
of the Speaker if he has yet received the annual
report of the Secretary of the Treasury ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is unable to say,
not having examined the documents on the table.
Mr. JONES. Well, the session is half gone,
and it has not yet come in.
The SPEAKER then laid before the House the
following communications from the Executive De-
partments; which were severally disposed of as
indicated below:
A communication from the Secretary of the
Treasury, transmitting; a statement of the accounts
which have been due more than three years prior
to the 1st of July, 1852, on the books of the Second
and Third Auditors of the Treasury; also, a state-
ment of the names of the officers whose accounts
for advances made or balances unaccounted for
one year prior to July 1st, 1852, have not been
settled within the year; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
A communication from the Secretary of the In-
terior, submitting the annual reports of the sur-
veyors general of California and Oregon; which
was laid upon the table and ordered to be printed.
A communication from the War Department,
transmitting a statement of the expenditures du-
ring the year 1852, from the appropriation for the
contingent expenses of the military establishment;
which was laid upon the table, and" ordered to be
printed.
A communication from the Navy Department,
transmitting a statement showing the number of
clerks and other persona employed in that Depart-
ment (luring the year 1852, or any part thereof;
the time during which each was actually em-
ployed, the sum paid to each, and the residence of
each at the time of his appointment; which was
laid upon the table and ordered to be printed.
A communication from the Treasury Depart-
ment, inclosing a letter from the Secretary of the
Interior, accompanied by an estimate for a defi-
ciency in the appropriation for the repairs of the
Congressional Library; which was referred to the
Committee on Ways and Means and ordered to
be printed.
And a communication from the Navy Depart-
ment, transmitting a list of the midshipmen in the
Navy of the United States, with the State and
Congressional district whence each comes; which
was referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
letter from the Secretary of the Territory of Min-
nesota, accompanied by copies of the revised stat-
utes and special laws of that Territory; which
were referred to the Committee on Territories.
CLERKS OF THE HOUSE.
The SPEAKER further laid before the House
a communication from the Clerk of the House of
Representatives, transmitting a list of the clerks
and other persons employed in his office.
Mr. CHANDLER moved that the communi-
cation be laid upon the table and printed.
Mr. STANLY. Does that communication
contain the names of the persons employed in
making an index of private claims ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair was not very at-
tentive to the reading of the communication, and
cannot say.
Mr. HOUSTON. It does not specify them.
Mr. STANLY. Well, I want to call the atten-
tion of the House to that subject.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Then let it go
upon the table and be printed.
The question was then taken on Mr. Chand-
ler's motion; and it was agreed to.
Mr. DEAN. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Illinois. I move that
when the House adjourns, it adjourn to meet on
Monday next.
[Cries of " No !" "no!"]
Mr. CABLE, of Ohio. There is evidently not
a quorum present.
Mr. DEAN. I ask if the motion of the gentle-
man from Illinois was in order after I had moved
an adjournment?
TheSPEAKER. The motion of thegentleman
! from Illinois being to fix the time to which the
House shall adjourn, takes precedence of the mo-
tion to adjourn.
The question was then taken on Mr. Camp-
bell's motion, and it was not agreed to.
The question recurred upon Mr. Dean's mo-
tion, ana being put, the motion was agreed to,
and
The House adjourned until to-morrow,at twelve
o'clock, m.
PETITIONS, flee.
The following petitions and memorial were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate committees.
By Mr. DARBY: The petition of Augustus H. Evans,
Robert Wash, and Matthew KerT, asking for an act of Con-
gress to authorize them to locate certain certificates issued
by the recorder of land titles for the State of Missouri,
under an act of Congress passed 17th February, 1815, for
the relief of sufiferers by earthquakes in the county of New
Madrid.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, January 15, 1853.
Prayer by the Rer. James Gallahir.
On motion by Mr. BORLAND, the reading of
the Journal was dispensed with.
DEATH OF HON. WILLIAM UPHA^.
Mr. FOOT- Mr. President, I rise to perform
a melancholy duty this morning in formally an-
nouncing to the Senate the sad intelligence of the
decease of one of the elder members of this body.
My colleague, the Hon. William Upham, ex-
pired at his lodgings in this city at about the hour
of two o'clock yesterday evening, after a distress-
ing illness of some ten days, at the age of sixty
years.
This is the first instance that a Senator from
Vermont his'lejeAscJ uuimghis official term. Mr.
Upham was a native of the town of Leicester, irt
