310
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 15,
the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, whence he
remo\ed it an early >ii.re to the State of Vermont,
lie settled anil eommeiiced the practice of the pro-
fession of the law at Montpelier, the capital of the
State, which has been the place of his residence
ami the home of his family to the present time. An
extensive and successful business at the bar of his
own and the adjoining counties soon rewarded his
profcss'onal labors. By his ability, his energy,
and his persevering devotion to the profession of
his choice mid his pride, he attained an enviable
distinction upon a forum which counted upon the
list of its champions the names of a Prentiss, a
Chase, a Mattocks, and others of high eminence
as advocates and jurists.
In addition to careful and laborious research, he
was accustomed in a remarkable degree to bring
the utmost enersies of his mind and the enthusi-
asm of his spirit to the cause of his client". His
legal counsels and aid were especially sought by
those upon whom the hand of adversity and want
had fallen, and with equal readiness and zeal he
espoused the cause of the friendless and penniless
suitor as of him who could count him down a rich
reward. No man who sought his advice and as-
sistance in a just cause was ever turned aside from
considerations of his pecuniary indigence. He
adopted his cause and made it his own; his re-
ward was in the consciousness of duty done, of
rights vindicated, of wrongs redressed.
Mr. Upham repeatedly represented the town of
Montpelier in the popular branch of the State
Legislature. There he always took a prominent
and leading part in the discussions upon the vari-
ous questions of public or private interest which
were brought to the consideration of that body.
In 1S4"2, Mr. Upham was elected by the Legis-
lature of his adopted State, to a seat in the Senate
of the United States. In 1848 he received the
indorsement of the approval of his constituency as
afaithful public servant by a reelection foran addi-
tional term of six years, scarcely half of which is
passed awav when he is summoned to another, a
higher,and moreawfu! tribunal. Hisimpairedstate
of health for some years past has restrained him
from participating so generally and so actively in
the discussions of this body as his inclination might
otherwise have induced him to do, or his ability
as a public debater might perhaps have demanded \
of him. Nevertheless his speeches upon several
important and exciting public questions bear the
peculiar impress of his earnestness, his research,
his ability, and his patriotic devotion to the best
interests of his country. A striking illustration
is furnished of his fidelity to the trust committed
to him and of his constant and patient attention to
his public duties here, in the fact which I had from
his own mouth, that during the ten years of his
service in this body he never absented himself from
the city of Washington for a single day while Con-
gress was in session, and never failed, when the
condition of his health would permit, of daily oc-
cupying his seat in this Chamber during the sit-
tings of the Senate; and I may add that he has
often come here when a prudent regard to his phys-
ical condition would have detained him at his pri-
vate lodgings.
Mr. Upham was emphatically the artificer of
his own fortunes. He owed nothing to the fac-
titious circumstances of wealth or patronage. He
rose to his high position by his own energies, his
own unaided efforts, thus furnishing another and
beautiful illustration of the operation of the genius
of our institutions, in that they open the pathway
to station and honor alike to all, and no favorites
are recognized other than the votaries at the shrine
of justice, of honor, and patriotism.
During the illness of my late colleague, the es-
timable companion of his youth was summoned
from her distant home to attend at his sick bed-
side. His last and dying hours were solaced by
the presence, and by the watchful and affectionate
care of her who had been the solace of his life, and
which none but such an one knows how to bestow.
But not care, nor tears, nor affection; not skill, nor
Flace, nor power could stay the impending blow,
t has fallen suddenly; it has fallen in an unex-
pected hour; it has fallen heavily upon all of us,
but most of all upon an interesting, and till now' i
cheerful and hopeful and happy domestic circle.
What hearts it has crushed, what ties of fond af-
fection it has severed, what hopes it has blighted,
I cannot, I may not attempt to depict. I mav not
draw aside the veil which conceals in sacred se- ,|
: elusion the outpourings of private grief. May He
who has declared that he would be the " widow's
God and a father to the fatherless" show mercy,
and forget not kindness in this time of His severe
chastisement.
And, Mr. President, while one and another and
yet another of our associates in this Council Cham-
ber of the nation is stricken from our midst by the
hand of death, we are all impressively admonished
of the frailty of human life, the emptiness of humttn
honors, and the vanity of human hopes. We are
solemnly admonished to be also ready when the
Master calls; and happy will it be for us if our
hopes of acceptance in His mercy shall prove as a
sure and steadfast anchor to our souls in that dread
hour which must come upon us all, when the world
and its worthlessness shall recede from our sink-
ing vis.on.
Mr. President, I offer the following resolutions:
Resolved, That the members of the Senate, from a sin-
cere desire to show every mark ol' respect to the memory
of the Hon. William Upham, late Senator from Vermont,
will go into mourning for one month, by the usual mode of
wearing crape on the left arm.
Resolved, That when the relations of the deceased may
desire to remove his remains to the State of Vermont, they
be attended by the Sergeant at-Arms and a committee of
Senators to be appointed by the President of the Senate.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President,how true it is
that every day we spend here brings some fresh
event to impress upon our minds, the fraternity
of the States and comprehensiveness of the Re-
public! We began the week with surveying our
interests in the Caribbean Sea; we went from thence
to examine the defenses of the youngestmember of
the Union on the Pacific coast, and now, at the
end, we are called to make a visit of condolence
with the eldest of the adopted States in her eastern
mountain home.
Last summer 1 stood beside the grave of Ethan
Allen, on the shore of Lake Champlain. The light-
ning had descended and had riven the native mar-
ble slab which covered it, as if nature herself had
been willing to mark her appreciation of the free,
yet turbulent character of the founder of Vermont,
and captor of Ticonderoga. But the rudeness and
turbulence of the earlier age of Vermont, have
passed away, while her intelligence and love of
freedom remain increased and refined by art and
learning.
William Upham was of Vermont, a consistent
exponent of her institutions—the most equal in- j
stitutions enjoyed by man in this country and in
the world. He was a man of strong and vigor-
ous judgment, which acted always by a process |
of sound inductive reasoning, and his compeers
here will bear witness that he was equal to the
varied and vast responsibilities of the senatorial
trust. He was a plain, unassuming, unostenta-
tious man. He never spake for display, but al-
ways for conviction. He was an honest and just
man. He had gotten nothing by fraud or guile,
and so he lived without any fear of losing what- j
ever of fortune or position he had attained. No j
gate was so strong, no lock so fast and firm, as !
the watch he kept against the approach of corrup- i
tion, or even undue influence or persuasion. He j
exacted little for his own State, but, like her,was ij
liberal to all others. His national policy was the !!
increase of industry, the cultivation of peace, and
the patronage of improvement. He adopted his
opinions without regard to their popularity, and \
he never stifled his convictions of truth, nor sup- '
pressed their utterance through any fear of power i
or of faction; but he was, on the contrary, consist-
ant and constant,
" As pilot well expert in perilous wave,
That to a steadfast starre his course hath bent."
I was honored with a place in his friendship, and
Vermont was intimately related to the State from
which I came, and therefore, [ thought it my right
and duty to speak a just panegyric over his re-
mains. I wish that the wreath I have contributed
were more fit to adorn the bier and grace the tomb
of so true a representative, and so upright a states-
man.
The resolutions were unanimously agreed to.
On motion by Mr. FOOT, it was
Ordered, That the Secretary eommunicate these proceed-
ings to the House of Representatives, and to the family of
Um deceased.
On his motion, it was
Resolved, As a further mark of respect, that the Senate
do now adjourn.
And the Senate accordingly adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, January 15, 1853.
The House met at twelve o'clock. Prayer by
tlie [lev. Jamks Gallaher.
The Journal ofyesterday was read and approved.
Mr. SIP.LEY. A short time since, I gave no-
tice to the House of my intention to introduce a
bill to grant to the States of Louisiana, Arkansas,
Missouri, and Iowa, and to the Territory of Min-
nesota, a portion of the public lands to aid in the
construction of a railroad from New Orleans to
the northern boundary of Minnesota. I hope
that as I have not trespassed upon the time of the
House at all during the present session, there will
be no objection to receiving the bill for the pur-
Eose of referring it to the Committee on Public.
>ands.
Mr. LETCHER. I object.
JAMES M'CORMICK.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. At the last
session, a bill upon the Private Calendar " for the
relief of James McCormick," reported from the
Committee on Naval Affairs, was about being
passed upon, when oneof the gentlemen from Cali-
fornia, where the transactions upon which theclaim
is founded occurred, suggested to me that there
was some fraud connected with the papers. I
accordingly, without knowing anything of the
facts, moved to have the bill recommitted to the
Committee on Naval Affairs. I regret now that
I took that course, as the bill was about to pass;
and, as I have since been informed by the gentle-
man who made the suggestion, that he is satisfied
he was mistaken. I have been instructed by the
Committee on Naval Affairs to report the bill
back, and I now ask the unanimous consent of the
House to do it, and to have the bill referred to a
Committee of the Whole House.
Mr. LETCHER. I object, and call for the
regular order of business.
PATRICK GAS.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is the consideration of House bill No. 152, " for
the relief of Patrick^ Gas," which was reported
from the Committee of the Whole House, during
the last session, without amendment, and without
any recommendayon in regard to it. The pend-
ing question is on a motion to lay the bill upon the
table.
Mr. STANLY. I suppose the Journal shows
who made that motion.
The SPEAKER. It was submitted by the
gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Cobb.1
Mr. STANLY. Well, sir, Mr. Cobb is not
now in his seat, and I would therefore suggest
that the bill be passed over informally, until he is
present.
The SPEAKER. That course will be pursued
if there be no objection.
No objection was made.
Mr. STANLY. There is evidently no quorum
present, and we ought not, therefore, to do any
business.
HEIRS OF LEMUEL WELLS, "^DECEASED.
The SPEAKER. The following bill was re-
ported from a Committee of the Whole House,
with an amendment: House bill No. 155, "for
the relief of William H. Wells and others."
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
issue a land warrant for one hundred and sixty
acres of land to William H. Wells, Edmund
Wells, and Sally Wells, heirs-at-law of Lemuel
Wells, deceased, to be located on any of the un-
appropriated lands of the United States, which
have been offered for sale and are subject to entry,
in full compensation for all services'rendered by
Lemuel Wells, deceased, as a soldier in the late
war with Great Britain.
The amendment proposes to insert before the
word " entry" the word " private," and after it,
the words "at one dollar and twenty-five cents
per acre."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time, and being engrossed, was sub-
sequently read the third time and passed.
DA^ID MYERLE.
The SPEAKER. The next bill in order, is
the consideration of House bill No. 168, " for
