812
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 15,
I second the adoption of the resolutions.
The question was then taken, and the resolu-
tions were unanimously adopted.
The House thereupon adjourned until Monday
next.
PETITIONS.
The following petitions were presented under the rule,
and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. BRIGGS: The petition of Silas Hawea, praving
Congress for relief, growing nut of his inability to realize
much income from his invention of the steel carpenters'
squire, an article now in general use, and greatly approved
liy the mechanics of our country.
By Mr. AVERETT : The petition of the Richmond and
Danville Railroad Company, asking permission of Con-
gress to be allowed to import railroad iron free of dutj, or
upon as favorable terms as any other companies.
By Mr. IVES: The petition of 300citixona of Oneida,
Jefferson,aud Oswego counties, New York, for the con-
struction of breakwaters in Cape Vincent harbor, in the
State of New York.
IN SENATE.
Mondav, January 17, 1853.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. C. M. Bctler.
Mr. WADE presented documents in support of
the claim of Moses Olrastead to a pension for in-
juries received in the last war with Great Britain;
which were referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
Mr. COOPIvR presented three memorials of
citizens of Pennsylvania, praying a modification
of the bounty land law; which were referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Also, the petition of J. Howard & Co., praying
that the bill giving further remedies to patentees
may become a law; which was referred to the
Committee on Patents and the Patent Office. _ *
Also, the memorial of P. A. Browne, of Phila-
delphia, praying that measures be taken for im-
proving the breed of sheep and raising wool in ,
the United States; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Agriculture.
Mr. SMITH submitted documents in support
of Dr. Horace Wells to be the first discoverer of;
the use of anaesthetic agents in surgical operations 11
which were referred to the Select Committee ap- j
pointed on the subject.
Mr. SHIELDS presented a petition of citizens 1
of Washington, District of Columbia, praying
that the county jail may be removed to a more
suitable location; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. FISH presented a petition of the Ocean
Steam Navigation Company, praying an increase
of compensation for mail service between New
York and Bremen; which was referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. BROOKE presented additional documents
in relation to the claim of the heirs of William
Scott; which were referred to the Committee on
Private Land Claims.
Mr. HAMLIN presented apetition of soldiers
of the last war with Great Britain, residing in the
State of Maine, praying a modification of the
bounty land law; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands. *
Mr. SEBASTIAN presented the petitions of
the registers and receivers of the land offices at
Washington and Little Rock, Arkansas, praying
compensation for locating Choctaw land scrip;
which were referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. BRODHEAD presented a petition of the
survivors and heirs of those engaged in the mili-
tary service during the last war with Great Britain,
residents of the city of New York, and its vicini- 1
ty, praying a modification of the bounty land law, '
and protesting against the disposition of the pub- !
lie domain except for certain purposes; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. GW1N presented the memorial of E. W.
Haskell, postmaster at Downerville, California,
praying that the compensation of the postmasters
in California and Oregon may be increased; which
was referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, presented a petition of
citizens of Allemakee county, Iowa, prayin®- the
establishment of a mail route from Monona to
Lansing, in that State; which was referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. HUNTER presented the petition of R. M.
Heath, praying that he may be allowed the addi-
tional compensation provided by the second sec-
tion of the civil and diplomatic appropriation bill,
! of August 31,1852, of which he has been deprived
by a decision of the Comptroller; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Claims.
IMPROVED PADDLE WHEELS OF STEAMERS.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, I present the
petition of Thomas Ewbank, of the city of New
York, in which he shows, that while modern
steamers are improved and decorated in their hulls
and engines, there is a neglect of improvement of
their organs of speed—that is, in their wheels. The
same rude slabs are now used that were in use
' centuries ago; and the principle employed is the
I same, viz: that of undershot water-wheels. The
petitioner supposes that a decided improvement is
attainable by simply modifying the outlines of
propelling blades—their form, thickness, number,
and dip. The experiments which he has tried,
satisfy him that a vast improvement can be made,
that will be beneficial to commerce and to the naval
power'of the country. According to foreign and
domestic journals of science, these experiments
have brought to light principles in propelling which
were not previously dreamt of by engineers. The
improvementadds nothing to the cost and materials
of propelling wheels, but greatly diminishes both,
! and, moreover, removes tliecause of those sudden
and unequal strains that frequently disable a
| steamerbythebreakingofhershaft,towhichallour
j ocean steamers are every day liable. The engineer-
! in-chief says it is of the first consequence for the in-
terests of the Navy, that the best form of propelling
, blades should be determined, and he recommends
I that experiments be tried in a public vessel. The
petitioner says, that further practical and efficient
, experiments will be so costly as to transcend indi-
i vidual enterpise; he, however, encouraged by the
I manner in which liis undertaking has been received
! by scientific men, both in Europe and in this
I country, presents his petition for a small appro-
! priationto enable him to complete his experiments,
I under the direction of the Secretary of the Navy.
: A few years hence, and our present mode of pro-
pelling by suspending over a vessel's sides a pair
of old undershot water-wheels will be a subject
of Surprise. The world will wonder at their gross
unmechanical action, and that they had. been en-
| dured so long. I move that thepetition be referred
, to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
POTOMAC BRIDGES.
Mr. SHIELDS. I have been requested to pre-
sent the memorial of a large number of citizens of
, Washington and Georgetown, in relation to the
Little Falls Bridge on the Potomac. As this is a
matter of very deep importance to this District, I
wish to accompany the presentation of the memo-
rial with a brief statement. Appended to this me-
morial are the proceedings of a meeting of the cit-
, izens of two counties of Virginia,'(Fairfax and
j Alexandria,) in which it is stated that $150,000
1 were given, in 1833, to the city of Georgetown to
j build this bridge, and make a turnpike road to the
j Virginift side, and they were to make both' free
I and keep them in repair forever. Georgetown
j agreed not only to build the bridge, but to Keep it
1 always in repair. This bridge was washed away
last April, and the memorialists complain that
Georgetown has taken no steps to rebuild it; but,
on the contrary, after receiving the money of the
Government, after having pledged itself to the
Government not only to build, but to keep the
bridge in perpetual repair, has wholly abandoned
, it, and proposed never to rebuild it, but now asks
i the Government to grant a new appropriation to
1 build a bridge at a different place, namely, at the
'♦Three Sisters."
They state that tiiifl coarse has not only injured
! fhat portion of Virginia, but that over this bridge
| is the only route by which mules, sheep, cattle,
: and horses, can enter the District of Columbia,
! and proceed from hereto Philadelphia, New York,
1 and other places. They complain that while the
City of Georgetown has received the money of the
Government, and bound itself to keep this bridge
in constant repair, it has abandoned it, and now
askp for additional sums of money to pursue the
same process over again at other points. They
state that the condition of the District, the condi-
tion of that portion of Virginia, and the 6ondition
of the communication between the District and the
southern part of the country, render it necessary
that this bridge should be rebuilt; but that, as
Georgetown has neglected to perform this duty,
the Government should_ rebuild it, and make it
free. They protest against the movement of the
authorities of Georgetown, to abandon it and build
another bridge at a different place.
1 have deemed it my duty to make this state-
ment, because, as there is so much conflict here,
unless something be agreed and determined upon,
we shall have no bridge at all. I move that the
memorial be referred to the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BRIGHT subsequently rose and said: Mr.
President, I was not in my place when the Sena-
tor from Illinois presented, and commented upon,
a memorial in relation to the Potomac Bridge. I
regret that I did not hear his remarks, but I be-
lieve the object of the memorial is to improve
what is known as the Long Bridge.
Mr. SHIELDS. No, sir. 1 stated the con-
tents of the petition, and I will repeat them, be-
cause the honorable Senator from Virginia, and the
honorable Senator from Indiana, are now in their
places. It is in relation to what is called the Little
Falls Bridge—the chain bridge above Georgetawn.
The memorial states, that Georgetown received
$150,000, not only to make that bridge, but to
make a turnpike from Georgetown to it, and to
keep both perpetually in repair; that the bridge has
been washed away, and has now been abandoned
by Georgetown, as has the turnpike, and the
pledge has been forfeited. Georgetown has come
in for a new project, wishing anew bridge, aban-
doning the old turnpike, and the old bridge, and
the old site; which action, the memorialists say,
is not only injurious to that portion of Virginia, but
to the whole West; for all the roads from the West
center at that point, and mules, and cattle, and
horses, and sheep, are brought in that direction,
and in no other. They protest against the new
enterprise of Georgetown, to build a new bridge at
the Three Sisters, abandoning the old one which
she pledged herself to keep in repair, and for build-
ing which, she received the money of the Govern-
ment.
Mr. BRIGHT. It is as I expected. The ob-
ject of the petition is to improve what is known
as the Long Bridge, and to defeat the proposition
to build a bridge at the point known as the "Three
Sisters."
Mr. SHIELDS. ( repeat that the honorable
Senator is mistaken. The memorial is in refer-
ence to the bridge above Georgetown, the Little
Falls Bridge, and not the Long Bridge. It refers
to the chain bridge, two miles above Georgetown,
which was washed away by the late freshet.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair would state
that this discussion is out of order.
Mr. BRIGHT. I am aware of that; but I
would ask the Chair to what committee the me-
morial has been referred ?
The PRESIDENT. To the Committee on the
District of Columbia.
Mr. BRIGHT. Then I will reserve any re-
marks which I might wislf to make until I present
a counter petition.
CONDUCT OP COMMODORE MORGAN.
Mr. HALE. I wish, Mr. President, to call up
now for consideration a resolution which has been
before the Senate several times, and to make a
statement in regard to it. I refer to the resolution
relating to the official conduct of Commodore
Morgan, while in command of the Mediterranean
squadron. It was under consideration the other
day, and I asked leave to withdraw it, but the
Senator from Illinois objected, because he wished
to accompany it by a statement. I have since
seen the Senator from Illinois, and we concur in
the opinion that propriety demands that the reso-
lution shall be withdrawn, if the Senate will give
leave. I hope the Senate will take it up, simply
for the purpose of allowing me to withdraw it, and
to make a statement when I do so*-
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the resolution.
Mr. HALE. I now ask leave of the Senate to
withdraw the resolution; and in making that re-
quest, I wish to say this, in justice to Commodore
Morgan and everybody concerned. I have no
knowledge of any of the charges that may be sup-
posed to he indifcated by the resolution of inquiry,
nor any information one way or the other, except
