1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
SIS
what came to me second-hand from sources on
which I relied. If there has been any injustice
done to Commodore Morgan, nobody can regret
it more than I do, because if there has been a sin-
gle aim in ray whole Iife.it has been tosteer clear
of doing injustice to anybody. I introduced the
resolution because the information came to me
from sources which I thought entitled to credence.
Since it has been offered, Commodore Morgan has
died, and there can be no investigation hereof any
charges against him. If injustice has been done
to his memory, he has not a friend on earth who
regrets it more than I do; and, under these circum-
stances, I hope the Senate will, by unanimous con-
sent, grant me leave to withdraw the-resolution.
Mr. SHIELDS. I am very glad to hear the
honorable Senator express those sentiments this
morning. I always believed that they were his
ml sentiments; and I have been satisfied from the
first that injustice mi ht, at all events, be done,
and perhaps has been done in this case, on the in-
formation which the honorable Senator received;
and, under the circumstances, I shall not insist
upon presenting the paper which was sent to me.
I nope there will be no objection to withdrawing
the resolution.
The PRESIDENT. It requires, according to
the rules of the Senate, unanimous consent to
grant leave to withdraw the resolution.
There being no objection, leave was granted,
and the resolution was withdrawn.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. PEARCE, it was
Ordered, That Chester GnswoM have leave to withdraw
hi* petition and papers.
On motion by Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, it was
Ordered, That Orson Young have leave to withdraw his j
petition and papers.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. BADGER, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to which were referred the petitions of
William Cranch, chief justice of the district court
of the United States for the District of Colombia,
praying for the repeal Of so much of the act of 3d
March, 1839, as requires said judge to hear and de-
ermine appeals from the Commissioner ofPatents,
and the petition of John Rourke and others, pray-
ing the appointment of a tribunal to decide cases
of appeal from the decision of the Commissioner
of Patents, asked to be discharged from the further
consideration thereof; which was agreed to, Con-
gress having, in the latter part of last session,
passed an act accomplishing that object.
Mr. ADAMS, from the Committee on Claims,
to which was referred the petition of John Gray,
praying compensation for a pair of horses taken
from him by United States troops during the in-
vasion of Canada in 1813, submitted an adverse
report thereon; which was ordered .to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to which
was referred sundry memorials in behalf of Na-
thaniel McMenafee, praying that be may be re-
funded expenses incurred in relieving emigrants
on tbe route between Missouri and California,
submitted an adverse report; which was ordered
to be printed.
THE LATE SENATOR UPHAM.
Mr. FOOT offered the following resolution; i
which was considered by unanimous consent, and 1
agreed to:
Resolved, That the President of the Senate he requested '
to communicate to tbe Executive of the State of Vermont ,
information of tbe death of tbe Hon. William Upbtun, late i
a Senator from that State.
Mr. FOOT also submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con- ,
sent, and agreed to:
Retolvti, That the Secretary of the Senate be directed to j
pay to the widow of the Hon. William Upham, late a j
senator from the State of Vermont, whatever sum may
be doe to his estate former diem and mileage.
CENSUS REPORT. . !
_ Mr. SEWARD offered the following resolu-
tion; which was referred to the Committee on !
Printing:
Retohed, That of the two abstracts of tbe Seventh i
Census, or report of the Superintendent, communicated to i!
Congress with tlie President's message, there be printed j
and bound for the use of the Senate one bnndred thousand :
copies; four thousand of which shall be for the use of the {
Census Office. j1
RAILROADS IN WISCONSIN.
Mr. WALKER, by unanimous consent, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a bill granting
to the State of Wisconsin a donation of public I
lands to aid in the construction of a railroad j
from the north side of Fox river, at Geeen Bay, I
to the St. Croix river; which was read a first and
second time by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
He also, by unanimous consent, asked and ob-
tained leave to introduce a bill granting the ri ht
of way to the State of Wisconsin, ana a portion
of the public lands to aid in the construction of a 1
railroad from the village of Sheboygan, via Fond
du Lac, to the Mississippi river, m said State;1
i which was read a first and second time by its ,
i title, and referred to the Committee on Public I
Lands.
1 CONSUL AT ACAPULCO.
, A message from the President of the United
States was received, by Mr. Fillmore, his Secre-
tary, communicating, in compliance with a reso-
lution of the 13th ultimo calling for information in
regard to the imprisonment of the United States
Consul at Acapulco, a report of the Secretary of
State, with sundry documents; which were refer-.
red to the Committee on Foreign Relations, and ■
ordered to be printed.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The President pro tern, laid before the Senate a
communication from the Secretary of War, show-
ing the contracts made by that Department during
the year 1852; which was laid on the table ana
ordered to be printed.
PREVENTION OF FRAUDS BILL.
The bill from the House of Representatives " to
prevent frauds upon the Treasury of the United
States," was read a first and second time by its ,
title, and referred to the Committee on the Judi- j
ciary.
INDIAN ENCROACHMENTS.
A motion by Mr. RUSK, to print two thousand
additional copies of the report of the Secretary of
State in relation to the encroachments of the In-
dians of the United States on the territories of the
Republic of Mexico, communicated January 12,
j for the use of the Senate, was referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing.
FISHERIES.
Mr. DAVIS submitted the following resolution;
j which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the President be requested, if it be not
incompatible with the public interest, to communicate to
the Senate such remaining correspondence between this ,
Government and that of Great Britain respecting the fish-
| eries as has not been made public. '
j MENOMONEE INDIANS. '
j Mr. SEBASTIAN submitted the following res-
I olution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Indian Affairs be au- ':
thorized to send for papers, and call person's before them t i |
be examined, under oath, touching the matter contained in 1
the resotationofthe Senate of the tlth of January, referred !'
! to said committee. I,
I The resolution referred to was submitted by Mr. ,
: Walker. Its object is to ascertain what sum, if
any, is equitably due from the United States to ii
the Menomonee tribe of Indians, and on what 1
terms and conditions, and in what manner the ,
amount shall be paid.
ARKANSAS BONDS. |
Mr. SEBASTIAN submitted the following res- '
olution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Seoretaryof the Interiorand the Sec ,
retary of the Treasury be requested to communicate to the
Senate all tbe information on file in their respective De- 1
partments, respecting any bonds of the Slate of Arkansas i
now held in trust by the United States upon any account,'
and particularly showing the amount of principal and in- \
terest and the payments thereon from any source. t
ASSOCIATE JUSTICE-FOR CALIFORNIA AND ;
OREGON.
Mr.GWIN submitted the following resolution; i;
which was considered by unanimous consent, and  ;;
agreed to:
Retolvei, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in- ;
strueted to inquire into the expediency of providing by law
for the appointment.nl an associate justice of the Supreme i
Court of the United States for a circuit to be composed
of tba State of California and the Territory of Oregon.
NEBRASKA TERRITORY. , j
* Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, submitted the following il
resolution; which was considered by unanimous
i consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Territories be instructed
. to inquire into the expediency of establishing a territorial
government for the country west of Iowa and Missouri
and east of Utah, commonly called Nebraska.
FORTS JEFFERSON AND TAYLOR.
Mr. MALLORY submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested to re-
port to the Senate the condition and progress of the work
on tbe Tortugas, called Fort Jefferson, and tbe work on
Key West, called Fort Taylor; the amounts heretofore
appropriated and expended thereon; the time it would take
to complete said works with similar appropriations, and an
estimate of tho amount necessary to complete the same ■
and also as to the best mode, with regard to the public in-
terest, of making such appropriations and expenditures.
REPUBLIC OF LIBERIA.
Mr. MILLER submitted the following resolu-
tion for consideration:
Resolved, That the Committee on Foreign Relations be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of acknowledging,
on the part of this Government, the national independenct
of the Republic of Liberia.
M'KEAN BUCHANAN.
The bill for the relief of McKea'n Buchanan
was read a second time, and on motion by Mr,
Gwin, the Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to its consideration. It proposes to di-
rect the proper accounting officers of the Treas-
ury to pay to McKean Buchanan, a purser in the
Navy, the sum of $5,277 66, in full remuneration
for the losses sustained by him as purser of the
United States ship Constitution, during the years
1839, '40, and '41, in consequence of an illegal
order of Commodore Claxton, reducing the emol-
uments accruing to him during the cruise of the
ship below the amount to which he was entitled
by usage and regulations.
At the request of several Senators, the report of
the Committee on Naval Affairs was read; from
which it appears that while Mr. Buchanan was
purser of the Constitution in 1839, '40, and.'^l,
then the flag-ship of the Pacific squadron, pur-
! sera received from the Government the salary of
| forty dollars per month, and in addition certain
perquisites and allowances regulated by the laws
and usages of the service, which consisted chiefly
of commissions at the rate of ten per cent, on the
distribution to sailors of the public stores of the
Government, and on the sales to officers and men
of private stores laid in by the purser under cer-
tain regulations and restrictions. Custom, sanc-
tioned by th'e Navy Department, had fixed the
latter commissions at twenty five per cent, on arti-
cles of secondary necessity, and fifty per cent, on
luxuries. Purser Buchanan laid in stores for the
cruise, and during a portion of the voyage sold
them at the customary rates of advance; but sub-
sequently the Commodore prohibited sales at that
rate. This order was enforced upon Purser Bu-
chanan alone, and he was in duty bound to obey
it. Deeming it illegal, he appealed to the Navy
Department, which, however, confirmed the order.
He then brought euit in the UViited States district
court for the eastern district of Pennsylvania,
where a judgment was rendered in his favor for
$5,277 66. That was confirmed by the circuit
court, but was set aside by-the Supreme Court,
on the ground that the Government was not re-
sponsible for the official acts of its agents, unless
there was some previous recognition by Congress
of the right to indemnity. The Supreme Court,
in giving the opinion, suggested an application to
Congress for relief, expressing the belief that it
would be successful should he be able to satisfy
Congress that he was wronged by Commodore
Claxton, and that it is just and proper for Con-
gress to atone for such injury. The claim set up
is for the difference between the ten and twenty-
five per cent, on what might have been sold, and
lost by the depreciation on the articles not sold,
amounting, according to this account, to $9,360 31.
The Fourth Auditor of the Treasury recommends
the allowance of a specific sum as indemnity to
the claimant, in consequence of the difficulty which
exists of ascertaining the actual losses incurred.
The committee therefore Veported the bill.
Mr. HALE. I wish we could know something
about the amount which the purser made on the
reduced compensation. I do not know myself,
but I understand that under the old law, the cdfca-
