314
THE CONGRESSIONAL ULOBE.
Jan 17,
pensatioti of pursers was so extravagant, that
Congress saw rit to interpose and give n salary by
law. It seems to me uns is a rather novel pro-
ceeding. The commander of the squadron would
prooaoiy he very likely to know, in the exercise
01 his tiisi retain, what would be u fair percentage.
Ii seems to me that the percentage to which the
purser s:\ys he was entitled, and used to receive,
twenty-rile per cent, on some articles and fifty per
cent, on others, was enormous. It seems that the
comm uider, in the exercise of what he considered
his legal discretion, struck down these enormous
rates, out of which the purser was growing rich
from the earnings of the sailors. The instances
are so rare in which the commanding officers in-
terfere to protect the sailors from the rapacity of
those who grow rich upon their earnings, that we
should be slow to reverse their acts in such a case.
This claim, it seems, according to the report, was
referred to the Secretary of the Navy, and he re-
fused to interfere. He then applied to the judi-
ciary, and they refused to interfere 
Mr. GWIN. The district and circuit courts
did not.
Mr. HALE. The ultimate tribunal at least
did—though some of the subordinate tribunals
may have decided in his favor.
Here, then, is an interference on the part of the
commander of a squadron, approved by the Sec-
retary of the Navy, cutting down these profits of
from twenty-five or fifty per cent, to a lower sum;
and now Congress is asked to do what? To make
up to the purser what the Commodore kept him
from making out of the sailors. That is all. I
understand that some pursers have formerly made
enormous sums, sometimes as much as §30,000
during a single cruise, or from §o,000 to §10,000 a
year. The Commodore, in this instance, thought
it was so enormous that he saw fit to cut it down;
the Secretary approves of it, and Congress it seems
is to make up to him what he could not make out
of ihe sailors. That is the hill.
Mr. GWIN. I do not wish to detain theSen-
 te on this subject. The nature and circumstances
of this claim are set forth in the report of the Com-
mittee which has been read to the Senate. The
percentage which the purser should have received
was according to the regulations of the Depart-
ment. It was not for what was sold to the sailors.
It was for articles of secondary necessity, articles
of luxury sold to the officers, and the Commodore
cut it down, because he thought to put money in
his own pocket. It was not protecting the sailors
at all. The purser should have received the per-
centage under the customs and regulations of the
Department. Pursers at the time had very small
salaries, but the law has been altered since. It
■was a reasonable expectation that this purser had
that he should receive that percentage. Every
court that acted upon his case decided in his favor.
The customs and regulations of the Department
authorizing him to calculate upon this sum, he
laid in the articles accordingly. The Supreme
Court d smissed the case on account of a want of
jurisdiction over it, and in its opinion it said that
Congress ought to grant the relief. The petitioner
came to Congress, and the case was examined by
the Auditor of the Treasury Department, who
sent an estimate which he regarded as the equita-
bleand proper sum to be allowed, to the committee,
and the bill has been reported accordingly. I hope
the bill will pass. •
Mr. CASS. I shall vote against the bill, on the
ground that I recognize no right or obligation on
the part of Congress to pay for the illegal act of
any officer whatever, unless under very extraor-
dinary circumstances, as during war, when the
safety of the country requires it. Under ordinary
circumstances, I am utterly opposed to it. If this
claimant suffered injury, he had a right of suit
against the one who injured him.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and the question was, " Shall it be
engrossed and read a third time?" upon which '
question Mr. Borland asked for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered.
Mr. BORLAND. Before the vote is taken, I
desire to say a few words on account of ihe vote
which I shall give. I think theSenator from New
Hampshire very fairly stated the proposition which
is before the Senate. Here was a purser in the
Navy who was prevented by the commanding
officer from making an exorbitant profit upon the
goods which he had carried out for the purpose of
■ supplying to the sailors. This action of the com-
manding officer of the squadron was submitted to
the Secretary of the Navy, and he approved of
it. He believed that the action of the officer was
right. Not satisfied with that, the petitioner went
to the courts, and we find that the final tribunal to
which he appealed did not sustain any legal right
which he might have set up; and now, at the
end of some ten or twelve years—thirteen perhaps
—he comes before Congress—and we hear only
one side of the question—and asks to be paid the
■ amount of money which he might have made, if
the commanding officer of the squadron had per-
mitted him to make exorbitant charges on the
sailors. We do not hear anything about the rea-
son which the commodore or commander of the
squadron had for prohibiting those charges. If
we did, I apprehend we would have a different
state of the case presented to us. But here, at
the end of twelve or thirteen years, without being
able to know anything of the particular circum-
stances of the case, we have one side of it pre-
sented to us, and are asked to make a payment on
that statement, when all the tribunals to which the
case has heretofore been carried, have decided
against it. Under these circumstances I cannot
vote for the claim.
Mr. BRIGHT. The grade of purser is one of
the best offices, in a pecuniary point of view, in
the gift of the President. A pursership upon a
first-class vessel is a very desirable office. The
profits arising in it formerly were such that Con-
gress had to limit the amount of fees. This case,
1 presume, occurred after the passage of the law
to that effect. The purser undertaking to violate
what the commanding officer regarded as the law,
thecommanding officer gave an order and required
the purser to obey it. In obeying that order,
which was the law, the purser alleges that he lost
money. Now, sir, it occurs to me that the decision
of the Secretary of the Navy should be final in a case
of this kind. If the officer at the head of the Navy
Department decides against a claim of this kind,
it ought to be conclusive. But it appears that this
purser, not content with the decision of the Secre-
tary, goes further; and the courts decide against
him. This claim is in its teens. It has stood for i
thirteen years, and is presented now to the consid-
eration of Congress, and I venture to say that
there is not a Senator who understands it, unless
it be the gentlemen on the Committee on Naval
Affairs. As the Secretary of the Navy has de-
cided against it, as the courts have decided against
it, and as it is thirteen years of age, I think the
presumption is very fair that it has little merit.
Mr. GWIN. I am sorry that the Senator from
Indiana has presented the case entirely different
from the facts. This purser, at the time the claim
originated, got little or no salary. He received
forty dollars a month, and was entitled to certain
commissions. That was his compensation. The
Senator speaks of this being a valuable and de-
sirable office. So it is now, because a salary is 1
affixed to it; but at the time when this claim ori-
ginated, the greater part of the salary was in the !l
form of perquisites, and those perquisites were j
established by the customs and regulations of the '
Navy. Why should this officer—and he was the
only one in the Navy who was so treated—lose
these perquisites? But the honorable Senator
says, the courts decided against him. In that he
is mistaken. The district and circuit courts de-
rided in his favor, and the Supreme Court only
decided against him on the ground of a want of
jurisdiction, and at the same time advised him to
appeal to Congress. The Auditor of the Treasury
Department sent an account to the Committee on
Naval Affairs, and that committee, after a thorough
examination, were unanimously in favor of afford-
ding the relief provided for in the bill. I do not
wish to detain the Senate by discussing the mat-
ter, but 1 am sure the bill is right and proper, and
ought to pass.
Mr. HALE. Well, let us have the yeas and
nays.
, The question being taken by yeas and nays on
ordering the bill to be engrossed for a third read-
ing, resulted—yeas 11, nays 29; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Brodhead, Clarke, Cooper, Fish, Gwin,
Mallory, Mangwn, Miller, Morion, Seward, and Smith 11.
NAYS—Messrs.Adams, Atchison, Bell, Borland, Bright,
Brooke, Cass, ('athcart, Chase, Ue Saussure, Dodne of
Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Downs, Felch, Foot, Geyer,
Hale, Ilainhn, Hunter, Jones of Iowa, Norris, Rusk, Sebas-
tian, Soul*1, Spruance, Sumner, Underwood, Wade and
I Walker—-->9. ' 1
So the bill was rejected.
PHILO SMITH.
On motion by Mr. BRIGHT, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider, as in Committee of the Whole
the bili from the House of Representatives for
the " relief of Philo Smith." It proposes to di-
rect the payment to Philo Smith, of Indiana, the
sum of §19 96, for amount due him as an ordinary
seaman on board the Macedonian, as his share of
the amount awarded to the captors, under Com-
modore Decatur, of certain Algerine vessels.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordeied to a third reading, read a
third tune, and passed.
EXECUTIVE BUSINESS.
Mr. CLARKE. Mr. President, I move now
that the Senate proceed to the consideration of
Executive business.
Mr. GWIN. I hope not. I hope the Senate
will take up the special order of the day.
Mr. CLARKE. I trust the Senate will agree to
my motion, in consideration of circumstances
which are within the knowledge of the Senate,
and which it is not necessary for me to explain.
Mr. GWIN. I am perfectly willing that, after
we devote a reasonable period to the discussion of
the special order, we shall consume the rest of
the day in Executive session.
I ask for the yeas and nays on the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 24, nays 21; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bell, Brooke, Clarke, Cooper, Davis,
Dixon, Fish, Foot, Geyer, Hale, Jones of Tennessee,
Mangum, Miller,Morton, Pearce, Ru-k, Sebastian, Sew-
ard, Snnth, Spruance, Sumner, Underwood, Wade, and
Walker—24.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Borland, Bright, Butler, Cass,
Catheart, De Saussure, Dodge of Wisconsin, I)od  e of
Iowa, Downs, Felch, Gwin, Hamlin, Houston, Hunter,
James, Jones of Iowa, Mallory, Norris, and Soule—21.
So the motion was agreed to.
Mr. ATCHISON, when his name was called,
stated that he had paired off on all votes touching
the matter which he supposed would be affected
by the motion, with theSenator from New Jersey,
[Mr. Stockton,] who wasabsent in consequence
of sickness in his family.
The Senate accordingly proceeded to the con-
sideration of Executive business, and after some
time spent therein, the doors were reopened.
RAILROAD TO THE PACIFIC.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
| sumed the consideration of the bill "authorizing
' the construction of a railroad and branches, for
'establishing a certain postal communication be-
' tween the shores of the Pacificand Atlantic with-
' in the United States, for the protection and facil-
ities of travel and commerce,and for the necessary
' defenses of the country."
, The PRESIDENT. The question is on the
j amendment of the Senator from Texas, which has
I been printed.
Mr. RUSK. When I laid that amendment on
the table, I merely wished to lay it there for the
information of the body. I did not mean to offer
it as an amendment; but I see that it has been
printed, as if I offered itas an amendment. 1 merely-
wished that it might be before the members of the
body for their information, and that I might offer
it if I thought proper hereafter. I therefore ask
leave to withdraw it.
There being no objection, leave was granted to
withdraw the amendment.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President, I desire to
say only, that when I offered an amendment to
this bill—an amendment which proposed to or-
ganize a certain body of men to construct this
road—I stated to the Senate that I did it at the re-
quest of genilemen interested in,it. I see that that
amendment has been printed, and laid upon our
tables, as if it were one offered by myself, in such a
manner as necessarily to carry the inference that I
proposed it as an amendment to be offered by me
at a proper time to the Senate. I did no such
thing; 1 proposed to do no such thing-; I did not
mean to indorse that plan, or to connect myself
in any way with it. I only wished to offer it to
the Senate that it might be printed, so that, when
the whole matter came up, we could give that the
same consideration which might be given to others.
Mr. BROOKE. Mr. President, as the Senator
from Maine has disclaimed the paternity of this
