1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
315
amendment, I propose to offer it myself by way
of substitute for the bill introduced by the Senator
from California. I mora to amend the bill by
striking out all after the enacting clause, and in-
serting the amendment of the Senator from Maine,
as follows:
Th.M the Secretary of the Treasury of the United States
■halt prepare, ready for deliver), special certificates of
stock, to he denominated " The Atlantic and Pacific Post-
road Stock,'- to tbe amount of thirty millions of dollars, in
amounts not exceeding ten thousand dollars each, payable
to the Atlantic and Pacific Railroad Company hereinafter
mentioned, or its order, and bearing an interest of per
centum per annum, and which interest shall be payable by
the United Stales, halt-yearly, on the first days of January
and J uly in each year, at the office of the Secretary of the
Treasury in the city of Washington, or at such other place
as may be provided by law. Sucli certificates of stock shall
be isxurd and used as hereinafter provided, tp facilitate and
insure tbe eoasuuction of a continuous railroad to be nsed
and employed as a military and post road, as hereinafter
mentioned, from the valley of the Mississippi river to San
Francisco, in the State of California, or other place on the
Pacific ocean, within the United States.
Sec. 9. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the point of
departure of said road on the Mississippi river, and the
general route thereof, shall be located and established by
"The Atlantic and*Pacific Railroad Company"hereinafter
mentioned; but said road shall not be located or constructed
through or within the boundaries of any State or States of
the United States without the consent of such State or
States; and, in case said company shall not be able to obtain
tbe consent of any State lying west of tbe Mississippi river,
then said road shall commence at the northerly boundary
of Texas, or the western boundary of Arkansas, Missouri,
erlowa, tn the discretion of said company; and, in case
■aid company shall be unable t  obtain sach consent of the
State of California, then such road shall terminate at the
eastern or southeastern boundary of California. And no
appropriation, grant, or cession of any part of the public
domain or lands of the United Stales, shall at any time
hereafter be made to, or in favor of, any State which shall
refuse its assent to the location and construction of such
road from its western boundary to tbe Mississippi river..
Sec. 3. Jltid he it further enacted, That whenever ,
and their associates, shall become and be a body-politic and
corporate under and by virtue of tbe laws of any State of
the United States, by the name, style, and description of
" The Atlantic and Pacific Railroad Company," and by
their act of incorporation shall be authorized and empow-
ered to build, construct, complete, use, and enjoy a con-
tinuous line of railroad from the Mississippi river, or the
western boundary of any State bordering thereon, or of the
Gulf of Mexico, to San Francisco, in California, or other
place on the Pacific ocean, with the right to construct a
branch thereof to such point in the Territory of Oregon as
shall be most advantageous to the public interests; and shall
have actually and in good faith subscribed tn the capital
stock of said company the sum of millions of dollars,
and shall have filed with tbe Secretary of the Treasury of
toe United States a duly certified copy of their said char-
ter, aad due proof of the said subscription of stock, with the I
full names or the respective stockholders, and the number
of shares and amount subscribed by each stockholder, I
respectively, and shall have located said road pursuant to
the second section of this act, and shall have filed with the
■aid Secretary of the Treasury, and also in tbe office of the
Secretary of the Interior, an accurate description of six
hundred miles of the western end of said road, with proper
maps and plans thereof, duly certified by the chief engineer,
and the president and a majority of the directors of said
company, and a general description of the entire route of
said road, certified in like manner; and shall have con-
structed and completed, in a good and substantial manner,
fifty continuous miles of a single track of said road, andfur-
aislied the same with the necessary engines, ears, and ap-
paratus for running the same, and shall produce to the Sec-
retary of tbe Treasury satisfactory evidence of such com-
pletion and furnishing of said fifty miles, by the affidavits of
such ebief or other principal engineer, and of the president
and any two of the directors of said road, the said Secre -*
tary of the Treasury shall issue and deliver to said com-
pany, either in money or in tbe certificates of stock in
the first section of this act mentioned, the sum of seven hun-
dred and fifty thouund dollars; and as often as said com-
pany shall in like manner construct, complete, and furnish
fifty continuous miles of said road, and shall produce the
like evidence thereof to said Treasurer, he shall in like man-
ner issue and deliver to said company thesum of seven hun
died aad filly thousand dollars, until said company shall
hare constructed, completed, and furnished five hundred
continuous miles of said road. And from thence, as often
as said company shall, in like manner, construct, complete,
and furuish fifty continuous miles of said road, and shall
produce tbe like evidence thereof, the said Secretary of the
Treasury shall in like manner issue and deliver to said
company the sum of one million of dollars, until said com-
pany shall have «o constructed and furnished other fire
hundred miles of said road. And from thence, as often as
said company shall in like manner finish and furnish fifty
continuous miles of said road, and shall furnish the like
evidence thereof, the said Secretary shall in like manner
issue and deliver to said company the sum of one million
two hnndred and fifty thousand dollars, until said company
shall have so finished, constructed, and furnished other five
hundred miles of said road. And from thence, as often as
said company shall in like manner construct, complete, and
furnish fifty miles of the residue of said road, and furnish
the like evidence thereof, the said Secretary shall in like
manner issue and deliver to said company the sum of one
million five hundred thousand dollars, and at that rate until
•aid road is fully completed and furnished for use.
8ec. 4. wind be it further enacted, That any money which
May from time to time be in the Treasury, as the said com-
pany shall, in'pursnance of the last preceding section, be
entitled to receive tbe same, and not otherwise appropri- ,
ated, is hereby appropriated to the construction of said road,
in the manner hereinbefore provided j and the said Secre-
tary of tne Treasury shall in no event issue and deliver to
I said copipany any of said certificates of slock so long as
there shall be mohey in the Treasury wbicli may, consist
ently with the provisions of this act, be delivered to said
company in lieu of such stock.
Sec. 5. -ind be it further enacted, That no part of said
money or stock shall be delivered to said cetnpauy by said
Secretary until said contpany shall have filed in the office
of said Secretary a resolution of its board ofdirectors and the
certificate (W its president and secretary, duly authenticated
by the corporate seal of the said company, by which Said
company shall consent to accept of the loan herein provided
for, subject to all the terms, conditions, forfeitures, and lia-
biluiesof this act; and said resolution and certificate shall
be recorded in the office of the Secretary of the Interior,
and shall thereupon become and be, to all intents and pur-
poses, a mortgage of said road, and of every part thereof,
! and of the appurtenances and apparatus thereunto belong-
; ing, to secure to the people of the United States the pay-
' ment of the principal and interest of the sums of money
which shall from time to lime be issued and delivered to
said company, as hereinbefore provided.
Sec. 6. Jndbc it further enacted, That no interest shall
be charged to or paid by said company on any money or
stock which may be delivered to said company in pursuance
of this act until a single track ol said road shall be com-
pleted ; and when said road is completed, so that a train of
cars shall have passed over the entire length thereof, the
chief engineer of said road, and the president and secretary
of said company, shall immediately make a certificate,
under their respective oaths, that said road is so completed,
and shall forthwith file said certificate in the office of the said
Secretary of the Treasury; and from the time of filing said
certificate interest shall be paid by said company, at the
rate mentioned in said certificates of stock, on all moneys
or stocks issued and delivered to said company as above
provided, on the first days of January and July in each
year, at tbe office of tbe said Secretary of the Treasury, or
at such other place as may be provided by law, until the
principal moneys so loaned and advanced to said company
shall be fully paid; and tbe said principal shall be reim-
bursed and paid, at tbe pleasure of said company, at any
time within thirty years from the date of the respective
issues thereof, and in sums of not less than fifty thousand
dollars each
Sec. 7. Jlndbeitfurther enacted, That the said company
shall at all times, from the time of the completion ot said
road or of any part thereof of not less than fifty miles, until
the principal moneys or stocks issued to said company in
pursuance of this act shall be fully paid, carry and transport
the mails of the U nited States, together with all postmasters
and mail agents, who may be designated or appointed to ac-
company the same, over their said road, in all or so many of
their regular trains as shall be required by law or hy the
Postmaster General of tbe United States, without compen-
sation and free of charge to the Government of the United
States; and shall also, during said time, convey and trans-
port the troops, ordnance, military stores, army supplies,
Indian annuities, and all articles intended to carry into effect
any treaty made with any Indian tribe or nation, and all
naval stores and supplies necessary to be transported for the
use of the Navy of the United States stationed in the Pacific
ocean, or receiving supplies in any port of the United States
in said Pacific ocean, and shall receive therefor compensa-
tion at tbe rate charged to individuals for transporting per-
sons, passengers, and similar commodities and articles over
their said road.
Sec . 8. «ind be it further enacted, That the said company
shall complete a single track of said railroad within five
years from the time of filing the certificate of location men-
tioned in the third section of this act, and shall lay and con-
struct a continuous line of magnetic telegra|rti along the
entire line of said road, so that the same shall be completed
and ready for operation at the time of the completion of
their said road; and shall at all times, during the continu-
ance of said loan or any part thereof, transmit and convey
over said telegraph all messages and communications of the
Government of the United States, and all official messages
and communications of the several officers and agents
thereof, without compensation and without charge to the
said Government.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That no part of the
money or stock provided for in this act shall be issued or
delivered to said company, until satisfactory evidence shall
be produced to the Secretary of the Treasury that no prior
lien or incumbrance has been created or exists on said
road or its appurtenances, or any part thereof.
Sec. 10. Jlnd be it further enacted, That in ease said
company shall, for more than thirty days after the same is
due and payable, make default in the payment of cither
principal or interest of said money or stock issued and de-
livered to said company, in pursuance of the provisions of
this act, or sfyril at any time without good cause neglect or
refuse to transport and convey the mails, troops, ordnance,
Army or Navy supplies, Indian annuities, or telegraphic
messages, as hereinbefore provided, the said railroad, with
the cars, engines, and appurtenances, shall be absolutely
forfeited to the people of the United States; and thereupon,
after due process of law, all the right, title, and interest of
tbe said Atlantic and Pacific Railroad Company in and to
said railroad and its appurtenances shall cease and deter-
mine, and the same shall thereupon become and be the
property and estate of the United States, absolutely and in
fee-simple.
Sec. 11. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the said com-
pany shall nt no time charge, exact, or receive from any
person or passenger transported or conveyed ovtr said roa*
an amount exceeding three cents per mile; and the said
Government of the United States may, at any time alter the
expiration of twenty years from the time of the completion
of said road, take, assume, and become the absolute pwner
of said road, with its appurtenances, on paying to said com-
pany tbe actual cost thereof, after deducting therefrom the
amount which shall then remain unpaid of the moneys
loaned to said company, in pursuance of this act.
Sec. 13. And be it further enacted, That tbe said rail-
road company is hereby authorized and empowered to lo-
cate, construct, and maintain one railroad with one nr more
tracks, in any territory belonging or subject to the United
fttates, lying between the Mississippi river or the Gulf of
Mexico on theeast, and the Pacific ocean on the west: and
to secure to said company the full enjoyment and protection
of the labor, enterprise, and capital invested in said road,
and to facilitate the speedy construction thereof, by enabling
said company conveniently to procure timber, stone, forage,
and other material necessary to be used in making said road,
a roadway, or track, of the equal and uniform width of one
thousand feet, wherever said road shall be located through
land now belonging to, or to which the said United States
shall hereafter acquire a title, is hereby granted and ceded to
said company in fee-simple; and it shall be lawful for said
company to go upon any land in the vicinity or within a rea-
sonable distance of said road belonging tn the United States
and take therefrom any ti niber, earth, gravel, stone, or other
material to be used in the construction of said road, and
may also take possession of and use any streams or springs
of water belonging to the said United States, in constructing,
using, and maintaining said railroad.
Mr. BROOKE. In offering this amendment,
I by no means intend to commit myself to its
support exactly as it now stands. I simply offer
it as being, in my opinion, the best of the three
propositions that have been laid before the Sen-
ate. I have examined the bill brought forward by
the Senator from California, and the amendment
submitted by the Senator from Texas, and I- am
convinced that they are wholly impracticable. I
believe it is entirely impossible to build a road of
this length, and this importance, with the public
lands proposed to be granted by that bill, or that
amendment. If this road is to be built at all, it
must be done by the Federal Government; it must
be done by the money of the Government. This
is not an ordinary railroad, intended to develop
the resources of the country through which it
passes, merely. It is- intended to be a bond—a
commercial and political bond—of union between
the eastern, or Atlantic, and the western, or Pa-
cific portion of this great Confederacy. It is to all
intents and purposes a political road—to subserve
political as well as commercial purposes; and
nence, it commends itself warmly to the attention
and regard of the General Government. As to
the constitutional power of this Government to
construct it, I have no doubt. The only question
with me is, as to the most feasible means of doing
so.
While I am willing to admit that the amend-
ment has many errors which ought to be correct-
ed, it is the best of the three propositions which
have been before the Senate. I shall not attempt
to discuss either of them at present. I simply of-
fer the amendment for the consideration of the
Senate.
Mr. GWIN. I am not going to enter at large
into this discussion; I wish to state very briefly a
few of the objections which I have to the amend-
ment of the honorable Senator from Mississippi,
The first objection which suggests itself to my
mind is, that a company incorporated by a single
j State will be governed by local partialities and in-
fluences. This company is, I understand, char-
tered by the State of New Yhrk, to build a rail-
road from the Mississippi river to the Pacific
ocean.
In the next place, many of these corporators it
may be supposed own stock in eastern and west-
ern railroads, and would be strongly interested in
increasing the value of these roads by making the
Pacific route connect with them, although such
connection would be adverse to the public inter-
est. The parties composing'this company are in
part immense railroad contractor;', and hence this
ts not an unreasonable supposition.
Thirdly: If offered to a company at nil, it should
be to that which bids the lowest, and should be
opened to free competition. If we are to give the
money or the credit of the Government to a com-
pany to build the road, let it be to that company
which will do. it on the best terms.
Finally: This is a project to create a gigantic
monopoly, with more power than the great" East
India Company, and infinitely greater than the
Bank of the United States ever possessed* There
is no advantage in carrying the mail after the loan
is repaid—there is no restriction after that period
against exorbitant exactions for carrying the
mails. The company have the power at will to
redeem the loan, although not forced to do so until
the end of thirty years. There wiil be no diffi-
culty in raising a five per cent, loan for the whole
amount of thirty millions, so soon as the road is
completed; and the company could at once charge
the united States for carrying the mails, ten per
