316
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 17,
cent, upon their whole investment. The same is
true in regard to the telegraph, upon which there
is no restriction of their charges, after the loan is
paid. These corporators ask for the use of the
money and credit of the United States, to establish
a close monopoly of railroad and telegraphic com-
munication between the Atlantic and the Pacific,
more powerful in its operations than any corpora-
tion ever possessed or as.ked for. There is 110 ad-
vantage whatever in the transportation of muni-
tions of war, naval and military stores, troops,
seamen, &c. The Government has to pay the
same that is paid by individuals, and like them, is
entirely at the mercy of the company. But what
is more important than all this, there is no limita-
tion as to charges for freight, without which, one
of the great objects of the road will be defeated—
which is, to limit the freights to such rates as will
put it in the power of the United States to control
the carrying-trade and commerce of the world.
The proposition of the Senator from Mississippi
is a very crude one. I never saw it until it was
presented and laid upon our tables. It is evidently
impossible forsuch a measure to pass through the
Congress 01" the United States. As I stated the
ether d.;y, I have no prejudice against any plan,
but I want a practical working plan, and I do not
think this is such a one.
Now, Mr. President, a few words in regard to
what the honorable Senator from Mississippi says
about building this road. I call upon the Senators
from Arkansas to say if their State will not build
her branch of the road with the land which I pro-
pose to grant her ? I call upon the Senators from
Missouri to say if their State will not build the
road for the lands proposed to be granted to her ?
I ask the Senators from Louisiana and from Iowa,
whether their States will not also build the road
within their limits, for the amounts proposed to be
granted to them? Why, we all know that these
States will build so much of the road, or its
branches, as lies within their limits; and 1 can
speak for California too. Although labor there
is three times as high as in other portions of the
conntry, and although I only propose to give to
her double the quantity of lands which I propose ;
for other States, I wili guaranty that she will build !
the road within five years, if you pass this bill. 1
Therefore, we have a positive guarantee that the
road will, within five years, be built everywhere '
but in the Territories. There is not a Senator
here from those States through which the road
passes, who will not be willing to get up and say,
that with this donation of the public lands within
their borders, their States will build the road.
There is, therefore, an absolute certainty that the
road will be built within those States.
Then the question comes up in regard to Texas
and the Territories. As I said the other day, I
am not going to ofTer an amendment myself in re-
lation to Texas, but I have in my hand an addi-
tional section, whuili, if it be proposed by any
Senator and adopted by the Senate, will insure the
completion of the road. • I will guaranty that the
road will be built if it be adopted, ft is as fol-
lows:
Sec   .In be it further enacted, Tilat for so much of
said road as imy run through the State of Tesas, where
tht! United States have no public land, there be paid to said
State, for every nuJe of said road that may lie constructed
and put in operation within her limits, the sum of twelve
thousand dollars : Provided, That said State shall first
have agreed to all the conditions contained in the eleventh
section of this act.
What are the conditions contained in that sec-
tion 5 They are:
" oec. li. .1 be it further enacted, That by the con- !
trews for the construction of each of said roadsand branches,
it sha I be distinctly understood that the United States mails
ehall tie earned on said roads during the full period of said
contracts free of charge or expense to the Government, un-
der lne direction of the Post Uffiee Department; and that
nil troops, seamen, arm-, munitions of war, military and
naval i-torc, and all funds and property of whatever kind '
belonging to the United States, and all" persons on official 1
business in their employment, shall at all time* ho trans-
ported and conveyed on and over said roads and branches
freeol elnrce or expense to the Government; and lor all
the pu r-post-., of transportation in this article mentioned, th°
Lmted states sm.ll have ih«> preference overall persons or .
bodies oolitic whatever, when,in the opinion of the f'resi
dent of tti'j (Toiled Slates, the public interests require
promptness and dispatch in -uch transportation."
Thesum now paid for carrying themail between >
this city and New York is but little less than ih  ;
interest would be, at five per cent., upon the
amount which I am willing to give to Texas for
carrying the mail throughout the entire length of
■ the road in that State. And it jpust be borne in
mind that this free carriage of the mails is to be
perpetual. I ask the Senators from Texas if their
State will not, with this section added to the bill,
make the road within its limits? There is r.o
mistake about it at all.
Mr. BROOKE. As I before remarked, I do
not suppose that the amendment which 1 had the
honor to propose is perfect in all its details. All
the-objections the Senator has urged may very
easily be obviated by amendments to it.
The Senator urges as an objection to my amend-
ment that it creates a gigantic corporation. Why,
sir, the bill proposed by himself creates a corpora-
tion that will be much more gigantic, and much
more powerful than the one contemplated by" the
amendment. The corporation under Iks bill will
hold in fee-simple a belt of land from twenty to
sixty miles wide from the Mississippi river to the
Pacific ocean; and that corporation, too, is to be
created by an act of Congress. Where are the
gentleman's scruples in re erence to the power of
Congress to pass an act of incorporation f.ir a bank
of the United States .' The same question arises
here as in that case. If Congress has power to
create a railroad corporation,it has power to create
a bank corporation, and so far as the corporation
part of the project is concerned, the objection ap-
plies much more to the Senator's bill than to my
amendment.
The chief excellence in that amendment—and I
must confess that I paid but little attention to its
details; I took them as I found them prepared—is
the direct loan of the credit or the money of the
Government for the building and completion of
the railroad—for I have 110 idea, notwithstanding
any opinion which may be expressed here to the
contrary, that this railroad can be built by a grant
of land simply—it must be built by money. It
will require a vast amount of money to accomplish
1 it. For myself, I am prepared to vote any amount
which may be necessary to accomplish on object
which I consider essential to the preservation of
! the integrity of this country. A great part of the
, country through which this road is to pass is un-
i inhabitable, and the lands never can and never will
< be valuable. The lands along the most important
part of the route will, in my opinion, never be
sold. And even granting, for the sake of argu-
ment, that the States through which the road is to
pass may construct the branches to connect with
it, we shull still be left without any means to con-
struct (he main trunk road which runs over unin-
habited territories of the United Stntep.
Mr. SMITH. Mr. President, 1 cmne into the
Chamber this morning with the expectation of sub-
mitting some remarks upon this subject. I had
examined, somewhat carefully, the bill before the
Semite, proposed by the honorable Senator from
California, and also, the amendment proposed by
my honorable friend from Texas, but that amend-
ment has been withdrawn, and another has been
substituted in its place. I have riot had an oppor-
tunity to examine the pending amendment; and
before I take the floor with a view to discuss this
subject, perhaps somewhat in detail, I wish to ex-
amine it. I therefore have to say to the Senate,
that, unless some other member of the body shall
desire to discus the subject at the present time, I
will move to postpone the further consideration of
it until to-morrow; but I do not make the motion
at present.
Mr. PI ALE. There are a number of blanks in
this amendment which ought to be filled before the
question is taken on its adoption.
The PRESIDENT. Does the gentleman from
New Hampshire propose to fill them?
Mr. I-IALE. No, sir. I merely threw out that
suggestion for the consideration of the mover of
the amendment.
Mr. BRADBURY. When I left my lodgings
this morning, [ did not suppose that this bill would
be taken up for consideration to-day, and I have
not now at hand some memoranda which I had
prepared in relation to it.
On examining the bill proposed by the Senator
from California, doubts occurred to my mind,
which I hope it may be in the power of that hon-
orable Senator to solve. But I would say, in the
first place, that I think the country owes that hon-
orable Senator its thanks and commendation for
bringing forward and urging upon the attention of
Congress, the great project of a railroad from the
Atlantic to the Pacific. He has brought it forward,
| and urged it with his usual zeal and ability; and
while he has kept in view the great object of the
road, he has not been unmindful, as he never is,
of the interests of the State which he represents
with unsurpassed fidelity and success. But it ap-
pears to me that his bill will not accomplish the
object intended. I think it contains a fatal objec-
tion. It separates that portion of the road within
the States from that portion of it wit/iin the Terri-
tories. It appropriates too much to build ihaf por-
tion within the States, and thereby absorbs the
fund which is necessary to carry it forward through
that portion of the Territories where the land is
sterile and unproductive. I think these lands con-
stitute the only fund by which this great work is
to be accomplished. As a friend of the project, I
wish to see 4his fund carefully preserved and de-
voted to the object. It must be husbanded, and
not an acre thrown away where it is rot neces-
sary, as it will ail be needed to carry furward some
portion of the work.
By reference to the bill of the honorable Sen-
ator, it will be seen that it is proposed to make a
number of branches within the S'tatea on the eost-
: ern part of the route, and to reserve alternate sec-
i tions of twenty miles in width on each side of the
road, in the States of Arkansas, Missouri, Loui-
siana,and Iowa. In other words, the bill proposes
to give a belt of land twenty milts in breadth to
aid in the construction of the road within those
States. A large portion of this land is fertile and
valuable. It constitutes, in my judgment, that
great fund out of which alone the road can be car-
ried to the Pacific ocean. We should first in-
quire, then, whether so wide a belt, so large a
quantity, is necessary. Do we not know, that by
a grant made some two years ago to the State of
Illinois of alternate sections six miles wide, she is
able to construct the roads for which it was given,
some seven hundied miles in extent, and that the
land, with the road, passed at once from the hands
of the State into those of a railroad corporation?
That grant to Illinois was not found inadequate to
accomplish the object. On the contrary, it is un-
derstood to have made the corporation that ob-
! tained it immensely weathly. Do we not know
I that various States have been struggling: for the
■ last two years to obtain grants of alternate sec-
tions six miles wide, on each side of tiie several
roads proposed to be constructed within their
limits? Have they ever asked for a larger quan-
tity: Have they ever claimed any more? Not
at all; they are content with that, and depend
upon it, if they can get that amount, they will be
able to carry forward their roods.
In the State of California, for reasons which
have been indicated by the honorable Senator,and
<vhich have very considerable force, he proposes to
give to that State alternate sections forty miles
wide on each side of the road and branches to the
Pacific.
Mr. GWIN. I do not like to interrupt the
honorable Senator, but I wish to give a word of
explanation. I will state that the gran'ts of land
to which the Senator refers were proposed in
my bill precisely in accordance with the princi-
ples of the bill prepared by the Senator from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Douglas,] and reported by him from
the Committee on Territories at the last session.
I have taken them precisely as I found them in
his bill, and proposed the same grants in the
States, in theTerritories,.and in California. And
he is the gentleman who drew up the Illinois bill
to which the Senator refers, for he was locally
interested in that. He is interested in this only
as a national man and as a Senator of the United
States. The bill of the Committee on Territories,
on which mine ii bas-.-d, was prepared by his
matured judgment, after having carried through
the other important measures alluded to by the
Senator from Maine.
Mr. BRADBUR"V . I am very far from enter- .
taining any disposition to complain of the bill of
the honorable Senator. I regard it only as an
earnest of the desire which the Senator has that
the road shall be completed. I was gratified with
the emphatic and honorable declaration which he
made in the outse', that his great object was to
secure the road. In this I concur with him. I,
too, desire to see that accomplished, but rny fears
are that this bill will not accomplish it. My fears
are, as I have already said, that the bill gives
more than is necessary to the States, and leaves
the Territories in such a condition that the road
