1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
317
will never be carried through them. 1 fear the
effect of tlie bill will be to secure only the comple-
tion of the various roads within the States, and
that it will do no more. That ia not what the
honorable Senator desires, nor what I desire.
Let us see, Mr. President, the quantity of land
which this bill proposes to give to the States. Cal-
ifornia is to have a belt forty miles wide through-
out its entire length, with branches to harbors on
the Pacific. The length of the road and branches
in that State cannot fall short of one thousand
miles. There are six hundred and forty acres to
the square mile; the belt forty miles deep and one
thousand miles in length will contain twenty-five
million six hundred thousand acres,almosttwenty-
six millions of acres! Alternatesections six miles
wide on each side of the road would give three
million eight hundred and forty thousand acres, or
more than twenty-one millions less. But it is just
to say, that I do not think the road could be built
through that State for the small quantity named,
and that more will have to be given; butl think it
will not require a belt of forty miles in width.
Take the State of Arkansas, and estimate the
length of road in that State to be four hundred
miles
Mr. GWIN. It is only three hundred.
Mr. BRADBURY. The honorable Senator
from California says it is only three hundred miles.
Estimating it at three hundred, the quantity of land
granted by alternate sections twenty miles op each
side of the road would be three million eight hun-
dred and forty thousand acres. The honorable
Senator from Arkansas, representing that State
with great fidelity, [Mr. Borland,] at the last, ses-
sion of Congress waa fully satisfied with obtain-
ing a grant of alternate sections six miles wide.
This would give one million one hundred and fifty-
two thousand acres for three hundred miles, or
two naillion six hundred and eighty-e ght thousand
acres less for the same distance than is proposed
to be granted by this bill.
Mr. BORLAND. If the Senator will permit
me to correct him on one point, I will say to htm,
that, although we asked for but alternate sections
six miles wide, we asked aid for roads enough to
bring up the amount to three million acresvand got
thai grant through the Senate.
Mr. BRADBURY. I am perfectly aware that
the honorable Senator has not failed in any respect
in his duty to his Slate, by not asking for roads
enough. The difference, then, between the
•mounts of land granted by a strip twenty miles
in width, and one six miles in width, of two mil-
lion six hundred and eighty-eight thousand adres
for three hundred miles, is what I wish saved,or so
much of it as we can, to aid in carrying the road
across the deserts and mountains that lie between
ua and tbe Pacific.
Mr. BORLAND. Will the Senator permit me
to call his attention to this fact ? Although the
grant to Arkansas, under this bill, will reach three
millions of acres, that is not more than Was given
by sundry bills which passed the Senate at the last
session without a dissenting voice. It is true, we
asked for alternate sections only six miles wide;
but then we got three roads, which together make
up as much land as this bill now proposes to give
us, so that the increase which the Senator makes
out in this case over what we asked for before is
not a fair one.
Mr. BRADBURY. Is this road identical with
either of the other roads?
Mr. BORLAND. It runs over a large portion
of the ground covered by the grant to one of the
roads for which land was proposed to be granted
at the last session.
Mr. BRADBURY. ThehonorableSenator in-
forms the Senate that the bills which have passed
this body, give to his State a quantity of land equal
to that which this bill proposes to grant. It may
be that those bills will pass the House of Repre-
sentatives, and then the Slate will have this addi-
tional quantity.
Again, ifthereisany truth in thetheory so often      . . , vt'
advanced here, that by granting alternate sections so to speak, be a thoroughfare for the trade of the
emainmg sections are enhanced in world. To do this, it must be a cheap road; it
I am at a loss to know why it is now necessary
to enlarge the grant to twenty miles instead o'f :
six. " i
Mr. BORLAND. I can answer the Senator.
We never expected that the grant of alternate sec-
tions six miles wide would make the road; we
never expected it would pay more than one third
or one fourth part of the expense. We expected
that the residue would be made up by subscrip-
tions of the State, or individuals, or from other
sources than the land. We never expected that
the grant of land six miles wide would more than
begin to make the road.
Mr. BRADBURY. I think it probable that
the States within which it is proposed to carry
this road, would be able to accomplish, with a \
like grant, what the State of Illinois did with the
donation to her; and that the enterprise will be
undertaken in Iowa, Arkansas, Louisiana, and 1
Missouri—for I find that something is to be done
for each of these States—and branches are to be
carried wherever a road is necessary, and rotes
to be had 
Mr. RUSK. Except Texas.
Mr. BRADBURY. "Except Texas." But
I believe an amendment is to be proposed to
give Texas $6,000,000, with which she will un-
doubtedly be contented. Now.it has appeared t«
me that the grants within the States are too large;
that they take away the identical and only reliable
fund which is necessary to carry the road through
the poorer region of the Territories. This is my
objection to the bill. I apprehend that tne result
would be, that if this grant should be made to the
States, the States, following the example of Illi-
j nois, would confer whatever they received upon
a railroad corporation, and that corporation would
§o on and construct and own the road within the
tates and the land. And as a further result, this
wide belt of land through these fertile, prosperous,
and growing States, would inevitably fall into the
hands of mammoth railroad corporations, strong j
; enough to construct the road, and to hold the land !
j: and keep it out of the market just as long as it
was for their interest to do so, allowing it to be i
; sold only at an enhanced price to the settler, so
that the poor pioneers would not have those ad-
vantages of cheap land now enjoyed by them,
which itis desirable they should have, ana which
have been often so ably portrayed by the honor-
able Senator from Iowa, [Mr. Dodge.]
Again: It is proposed to make a donation to the
States adequate to build the road, and then the
States, or, in other words, the corporations who
will hold under them, are to own the road. We 1
propose to make the grant, to give an adequate j
fund to build the road, and then the Government
is not to owrt it, nor have the control over it fur-
ther than to say that the corporation shall ntft
make higher charges for passengers than the aver-,
age of dividend-paying roads throughout the
country, except that it may reduce the charges
for freight, but not below the cost of transporta-
tion. The Government, by its land, furnishes the
means to construct the road within the States un- ,
der such circumstances that it will pass into the !
hands of corporations who would have little inter-
est to press it beyond the limits of these States.
Other corporations would be called upon to carry
it through the barren regions which occupy a por-
tion of the route between this part of tne coun-
try and California. How is the road to be carried
over these barren wastes ? This bill, as it appears
to me, does not provide the means. I would like
to see some plan presented by which a portion of
the lands within the States should be reserved to
carry the road through the Territories. If we do
not make that reservation at once, it will be too
late to do it afterwards, because the lands will
either be taken by individuals or by roads within
the States.
Again: one of the great objects of a road con- ,
necting the Atlantic with the Pacific is, that it may
take, to some extent, the commerce between Eu- ;
rope and Asia across this continent; that it may,
for roads, the remaining
value to double the amount of their former value,
and that thus the Government, as a prudent pro-
prietor, could afford to make these grants, we
should lose the benefit of the enhanced value of
the alternate sections which these other roads
would give ua. If a road could be made last year
with a grant of alternate sections of six mile* wide,
must tax transportation lightly. It must charge
little more than is necessary to keep it in repair, i
It must be, too, a direct road, or the shortest prac-
ticable route. Itis worthy of inquiry whether the
route proposed is the shortest and best.
There is another consideration worthy of atten- ;
tion in selecting a route for a road. It should 1
pass along a region capable, as far as practicable,
of sustaining a dense population, opening regions
that would not otherwise be settled, and where
such dense population could be sustained and be-
come the consumers of the products of the other
portions of the Union.
Mr. SEWARD. Where is that region to be
found >
Mr. BRADBURY. That is what I will not
now undertake to say. I have thrown out these
discursive suggestions, without system or order,
in the hope that they may lead to such modification
of the bill as will insure success to the great enter-
prise it proposes to accomplish. I hope the hon-
orable Senator from California will understand
that my great desire is—and I am willing to vote
an adequate quantity of land for that purpose to
have the road constructed. This I deem a mat-
ter of the highest importance. I have called atten-
tion to what seemed to me to be objections to the
bill which has been proposed by the distinguished
Senator from California at this time, in hopes that
they may be obviated. I know that these re-
marks will not be considered by him as in any
degree indicating hostility to the bill. My pur-
pose is to cooperate in some plan that will accom-
plish the great work.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. Mr.President,it was
hardly necessary that my friend from Maine
should have made his last remark about his fears
and apprehensions regarding the incidental bene-
fits which this bill might conferupon certain States
of this Union lying in the West. He is upon the
record as having made •« war to the knife, and the
knife to the hilt," upon every western measure
which ever came before the Senate since he has
been a member of this body. I speak of him with
perfect respect; but my friend from California will
bear me witness that I predicted to him some days
ago that my friend from Maine would be one of
the first ana worst enemies which this bill would
have to encounter.
Sir, the Senator seems very anxious for a great
national thoroughfare which shall transport the
! commerce of Asia, and all the world, and if we
, could get a bill to suit him in that respect, he would
undoubtedly go for it; but allow me to venture
here the prediction that that bill will never be got
—it will never be produced. I am sorry that my
friend, who is always ready and able, whenever
he undertakes anything, had not the minutes of
which he speaks, with him here to-day. I am
sorry that he did not come here ready to propose
those amendments—those statesmanlike amend-
1 ments which I suppose he will offer at a proper
! time, and urge with a zeal and ability which al-
ways characterize him when he undertakes any
project.
The Senator was exceedingly troubled about
the quantity of land the States are to receive. He
was very much alarmed about the poor settlers
upon the public lands. Why, sir, wjjl that Sena-
tor touch with a forty-foot pole the " homestead
bill" for the benefit of the poor settlers on the pub-
lic lands ? No, sir; no more than he will any rail-
road bill which has been brought up here. And
when we come to have our little fight upon that
homestead bill, as we soon shall have, you will
find my friend ready, as he has been on this ques-
tion, to deal a first-rate side blow at it.
I speak of these things out of no unkindness
towards my friend from Maine, for I have none
towards him. I only call the attention of the Sen-
ate to them, because I want to bring the Senate to
a point upon this question; I want to see whether
or not anything is to be accomplished. The Sen-
ator from Maine talked about the branches pro-
posed in the bill of the Senator from California
being scattered here and there through the States,
and he alluded in that connection tomyQwn State.
I tell him, sir, that I will vote for this road from
Matagorda, in Texas, from the mouth of the Ohio,
from St. Louis, from almost any point . You may
exclude my State entirely, and I will vote for the
bill. I will struggle for my State, and I will seek
to have justice done to her, but even if you leave
her out I shall vote for the bill. I shall vote for
the best line; and if I cannot get one to meet my
judgment, I shall vote for the next best line, and
not employ myself in attacking in a guerrilla fight
those who have devoted their time and energy to the
preparation of the bills; and when they bring their
measures forward, imperfect though they masy be,
and requiring the aid and talent of the ingenious
