1853.
TAEf CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
819
Mr. HALE. Exactly.
Mr. BELL. I anticipated this, to say the least.
And 1 will say, in adaition, that 1 have heard j
around me already expressions of honorable Sen- !
a tors, whom 1 have reason to believe are honestly
in favor of some measure of this kind, "Why, it
is in vain to try to do anything; we have so many
minds upon this subject in the Senate, and so many
projects; it is so vast in itself." The honorable
Senator from New Hampshire has got the amount
involved from eighty millions up to hundreds of
millions, and he suggests that there are vast pri-
vate interests involved. He does not know where
they will fall. Nevertheless, these bugbears are
thrown out; and other gentlemen I apprehend are
ready to rise this moment, and say, " We had
.better postpone this question altogether; it is too
late; the session is too short; though it is import-
ant, and we concur in it, we had better not lose
the time of this session in vain attempts to come
to some conclusion." Now, Mr. President, it is
necessary for any gentleman who is really in
favor of coming to some decision upon this ques-
tion, and is honestly in favor of this road—and
there are but few in the body, I think, who are
not so—to make up his mind to the fact that these
very difficulties, these very objections, these very
obstructions, have to be overcome at some time.
The question, in some shape or other, presented
by this bill in detail, has been before this body
for, I believe, three years. When will the Senate
be better prepared to bring their minds to a focus
upon the question, to bring them to a decision
upon the details of the bills, and to ascertain, in
fine, whether it is practicable to do anything, if
they cannot do it now? We shall have other ques-
tions of great importance at every session,and no
sooner is one presidential election over than in-
trigue for the coming one, schemes for manufac-
turing public sentiment, will occupy the minds of
a portion of the Senate, and I do not exclude my-
self from these remarks. We have always some-
thing to draw us off from any one single object,
however great and important to the public interest
it may be. There is but one way, aa 1 under-
stand from my experience in this body, for us to
legislate, and that is, whenever we have a question
of great imporiance, like the present one, to meet
it and master it.
Th% honorable Senator from New Hampshire
suggested that the friends of the bill should bring
forward and embody the plan in a shape and com-
pass that we can examine, and see whether or not
we cannot agree upon the general principle, and
not have these random debates upon questions
not connected with the main question—the build-
ing of this great trunk road. He wishes us to de-
cide upon the building of the road upon some plan
or oth#. I agree with him; but I must ask the
Senator to consider for a moment whether there
is any other way to bring this question within
the compass he proposes, or whether there is any
method "more advantageous and more expedient
to close up a subject of this description, than the
one now before the Senate. What is it, sir?
The honorable Senator from California has pre-
sented a bill containing numerous sections and
important details. Many of them, no doubt, will
have to be incorporated into any measure that
Congress may adopt on this subject, if it adopts
any; but some of which I think are not fully con-
sidered, which are decidedly objectionable, and
deserve to be taken "up, reviewed, and critically
examined by gentlemen upon both sides of the
Chamber.
Let the bill be thus examined: let any Senator
who is not pleased with its details, present his ob-
jections in the way objections are presented to
other bills, "I move to strike out," or " to amend
the section." Take this bill up section by section,
and improve it in the best possible manner that a
majority of the voices of the Senate shall say is
the best that they find it in their power to adopt
and agree to. When you have done that; when you
have gone over the bill in this manner, then go to
other amendments—amendments that are made to
the whole bill, proposing to strike out all after the
enacting clause, and insert entirely different pro-
jects. When such a different project is taken up,
let the Senate consider it section by section, and
see if we cannot get a better plan than the present
one, entirely different and better. And when we
have done that, and have taken the sense of the
Senate upon the second plaif, if we reject it, there
is a third plan. We have a third one upon our
tables, a pretty ingenious and well-considered one,
and it may be the best. All the plans which 1
have seen are based in a great degree upor) the
original suggestions contained in the bill called
Whitney's bill; and I believe Mr. Whitney is en-
titled to the credit of bringing before the country
generally what may be at last considered the most
feasible plan. All the others, however, as I have
said, contain most of the features of his plan, ex-
cept the proposition of a company proposed to be
incorporated in the State of New York, and that
has some of them; some of the principal ones ap-
propriating the land, and giving it according to
the progress of the road.
I repeat, the proper method of doing the very
thing demanded by the Senator from New Hamp-
*hir«, is to take up this bill section by section and
see if there are any amendments to be proposed,
any additions, any clauses to be stricken out, any
alterations to be made, and consider them; and
when we have got this in the best form, then take
up the other projects and see if we can get any-
thing better than the one we have before us. I
do not say that I have a partiality for this bill. It
is a vast plan. It embraces branch roads, one of
considerable length on the Pacific coast to Oregon,
and it is a very important one to have from some
point or other on the main trunk, ft also propo-
ses a branch through Texas down to Matagorda
bay; another to Louisiana, another to Memphis,
another to St. Louis, and another to Dubuque.
They are all very important, and deserve consider-
ation. It does seem to me, however, according to
the suggestion of the Senator from New Hampshire
—though 1 do not mean to go into that now—that
this bill might be framed in such a manner as to
leave these subjects secondary. Let us agree upon
the features of some bill which shall promise t ogive
to the country the great trunk of a railroad be-
tween the boundaries of the western States of the
valley of the Mississippi and .the Pacific coast, or
the eastern boundary of California, and then let
us come to the settlement of the question how
many branches we shall have, or upon what terms
we shall authorize their construction. These are
, distinct questions that we may leave, if we please,
out of view altogether until we get the main ques-
tion settled, how we propose toconstruct the main
road from the west of Arkansas and Missouri, to
the eastern boundary of California, or to the Pa-
cific coast. The great otyect is to have the lead-
ing artery constructed, as a great military as well
as commercial and postal communication, and as
a means of easy emigration. It must be a great
military road, one essential to the preservation of
our possessions on the Pacific coast, and without
which, I maintain we could not hold them sixty
days in case of a war with a foreign maritime
Power.
Let us settle, then,'where the trunk shall be,
and leave the other questions as to the branches to
be settled afterwards, if you please, in the same
bill. The proper method, however, is to take up
the first section of this bill; and I am almost ready
to propose an amendment to it, which 1 think is in
conformity with the views which I have at present
suggested; and I will suggest it to the Senator
from California and other Senators who have
agreed to the details op the bill.
This bill seem a to have been gotten up upon
some evidence or testimony of engineers, or from
the reports of explorations made by competent
officers, that the road ought to begin at a given
Foint near the southwestern corner of Arkansas.
have no objection to its beginning there. Per-
haps, if I felt any interest about it, connected with
the section in which I reside, I would say that I
prefer it should be there. But why not say in
the bill that it shall commence on some point on
the boundary of Arkansas or Missouri, to be select-
ed after the proper examination by the officers of
the Topographical Corps of the United States to be
designated by the President, and with the road
leading from it over the most feasible and practi-
cable, the cheapest and best route to the Pacific,
and to leave open the route so as. to have it made
in such a direction as will offer the greatest facili-
ties for a connection with the branches on this
side to Lake Michigan, St. Louis, Memphis,
Matagorda bay, and all other needful points. Let
us leave something open for testimony and scien-
tific examination, not only in regard to the par-
ticular route on which die road shall be tud, bat
as to the terminus both on the eastern and western
ends of it. I do not think that would weaken
the bill; I think it would strengthen it. I do not
think it would weaken the chances of having the
road authorized by Congress; 1 think it would
strengthen them.
According to the bill as it now stands, the
route is specifically designated; but with such a
general direction as I propose to give, it will lead
to the designation of the route under the examin-
ation of competent officers. I suggest that, for
the purpose of giving a greater latitude, and ex-
hibiting greater liberality to all the sections of the
Union, we ought not to confine the road to a par-
ticular point, but should give this scope, from the
western boundary of Arkansas or Missouri, and
then to run from thereto the main trunk of the road
within the Territories. 1 wish to run that main
trunk on the most easy, most cheap, and most
practicable route, affording the greatest facilities
for the connection with the various points indicated
in the bill. I merely Buggeat that as perhaps a
proper subject for amendment.
A few words now in reference to another part
of the bill. A question arises as to whether we
ought to authorize a company to construct this
main trunk outside the limits of the States. This
is not a proper time to consider that question; it
may be left for separate and future consideration.
Many gentlemen are of opinion that sueh a work
as this, requiring such vast means and such an
immense amount to be appropriated to complete
it, if carried on under the superintendence of offi-
cers of the Government, will lead to an indefinite
and monstrous extravagance and profligacy; and
that the only way to secure an economical, rea-
sonable, and cheap construction of such a road is
to give it to private cupidity and interest to make
it on such terms as we shall previously agree to
be reasoifeble. I do not know that that will not
be found the safest plan.
I would suggest, while I am up, that I have no
idea that the public lands within the limits pre-
scribed, except perhaps in the State of California,
where the gold deposits come in in aid of the or-
dinary lands* will construct the road. I suppose
the lands will -be granted without regard to their
productiveness, and I have no idea that the lands
which will be found on the borders of this road
over that immense barren tract of country stretch-
ing from the borders of Arkansas or Missouri to
New Mexico and the Rocky Mountains, thence
to the cultivatable lands in the valley of the Colo-
rado of the West, and then again across the
barren mountainous tract of country in the State '
of California, will pay for the building of the
road. My impression is, that the only points
where you will find favorable land for cultivation
will be in the valley of the Colorado of the West,
and east of the boundary of Arkansas and Mis-
souri, and west of the eastern boundary of Cali-
fornia.
I have no ideaithat the proposed grant of public
lands wilt be sufficient toconstruct the road; and
while I do not agree with the Senator from New
Hampshire, that hundreds of millions of dollars
will be required to complete it, and put it in opera-
tion, I am of the opinion that $35,000 per mile
will not do it. 1 think that at least $40,000, and
perhaps $50,000 per mile will not more than do it.
It will require that amount to put the road in opera-
tion, and equip it properly throughout its whole
length. It may require $100,000,000 in land and
money; but as 1 said the other day, while I would
not withhold the lands, and while I would give
them as far as they would go, 1 would stipulate
with the contractors, or with the company, if thnt
be the shape which- the measure will finally as-
sume, to pay them whatever additional sum might
be found to be demanded by the interests of the
work, from the Treasury, or advance to them the
credit of the Government. I regard the work as
likely to cost $100,000,000 in land and money. I
doubt whether the lands will bring much.
After you pass the borders of Arkansas and
Missouri until you arrive in California, there will
not be much land fit for cultivation, unless you
should come across some undiscovered rich valley
upon the Colorado of the West, about which, as
yet, we know but little. But with all these obstruc-
tions and difficulties, with all this prospect of ex-
pense, I am for incurring it; and I say, with the
Honorable Senator from Iowa, that 1 care not
where the terminus is proposed to be, provided it
