320
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 17.
be a practical one—one accessible to the body ot
the inhabitants of the United States—accessible as
a means of transporting munitions of war and
emigrants, and maintaining the social and com-
mercial intercourse between the two sections of
the Union. I care not particularly where the ter-
minus is to be. To be sure, like every other Sen-
ator, I would prefer to have it in my own immedi-
ate neighborhood, and I have a right to entertain
that preference if it does not, in my judgment,
come in conflict with the public interests. I am
ready, as long as I shall have a voice on this floor,
to give my vote for a liberal appropriation, not
only of land but of money for this object. And
I will conclude these remarks by saying that the
only method of insuring a result within a reason-
able time—within such a time that the Senate may
not grow utterly impatient and throw the bill
aside—is to go to work on it section by section.
Mr. BROOKE. As few Senators have had an
opportunity of examining the amendment which
I have offered, and as there are several hlanks in
it to be filled, which require some reflection, T
move that the further consideration of the bill be
postponed until to-morrow.
Mr. GWIN. I agree entirely with the Senator
from Tennessee, [Mr. Bell,] that we can come
to no conclusion on this rjuestton unless we com^
down to practical legislation, and that can be done
just as well by taking up this bill section by sec-
tion, as by referring the whole subject to a select
committee, or having a general running debate. I
am perfectly confident that every Senator here
will agree that if we build this road, we have to
build it from the public domain, or by appropria-
tions of money from the National Treasury, either
directly or indirectly, or on a mixed plan of ap-
propriating both land and money.
We can agree on the details of the plan soon
enough if we will come to the conclusion whether
or not we are to appropriate the means. I concur
with the Senator from Tennessee upon that point.
The details of this bill I have drawn up with
great care and attention. They do not originate
with myself alone, but they are pretty much the ,
same as those contained in the hill of the last ses' !
eion reported from the Committee on Territories. I
Many of these details will suit any of the plans !
that may be adopted by the Senate. If we refer i
this question, if we postpone it at all, f fear it will
be lost. Let us take up the bill section by section;
let us teat the question whether or not we are to
appropriate a portion of the public domain; let us
have the sense of the Senate upon the question
whether the United States, the great landed pro-
prietor of this country, shall appropriate a portion
of its property to build this road through its own
territory, and through the States. If we go to
work on the bill in that way, I have no doubt we
shall come to a conclusion very speedily.
Mr. President, I shall not continue this discus-
sion. I hold in my hands a communication from
a gentleman of great experience, elicited from him
by a letter which I addressed to him. He is one
of the gentlemen who was with Colonel Fiemont.
I commend the letter to the attention of the Senate.
It is as follows:
Washington, January 10, 1853.
Dear Sir : In answer to yours of the 4th instant, asking
for any information I may possess regarding the shortest
and most practicable route for the main trunk of railroad
from the western frontierto the Pacific ocean, I respect-
fuHy offer the following notes and accompanying map for
your consideration.
The route from the frontier, say near the boundary of
Missouri and Arkansas, to the valley of ihe Rio Giande,
New Mexico, and thence to the valley of the San Joaquin,
California, by what is called Walkers rouie, presents, in
my opinion, fewer obstacles and more facilities than any
other.
It* principal advantages are, us directness, following
mostly the thirty-fifth parallel of latitude, near which are
the prominent points, Memphis, Albuquerque. Zuni, and
Walker's pass, in the Sierra Nevada—its freedom from 1
obstruction by snow, its easy pasj-ase through the Rocky
Mountains, Zufii mountains, and Sierra Nevada—and its
location through a country already settled in a more or Ipss
degree, as far as the 110* meridian, we^t from Greenwich,
and where the necessary material and labor can be obtained
—and only needing such an outlet to develop its various
resources. Its greatest obstacle ts the uninhabitable deserts
to be crossed between the Little Colorado nver and the
Sierra Nevada ; but these are even les3 formidable timn on
any other route.
The first section of the route between the frontier and 1
the Rio Grande presents no difficulty if the valley of that
river be entered at the town of Albuquerque, by way of ,
Anton Chico. At this point the main chain of the Rocky
Mountains loses its continuity, being broken into small and
detached masses, or clumps, between which are gaps of
easy access, cnc ot them affording an excellent passage for
a wagon road between the tv. o towns above named
To attain this point, either the Arkansas or Canadian
rivers can be followed. The former presents fewer objec-
tions as a site, being perhaps the best natural road in the
worhf— but is in a great measure devoid of the necessary j
material for the purposes of construction, the only timber j
of any amount in its immediate vicinity being cotton-wood,
which is utterly worthless, except for fuel.
The following extract* from the report of Lieutenant J.
H. Simp>on, Topographical Engineer?, an officer of careful
and diligent observation, ofa reconnoissance in lr*49, along
the south Mde of the Canadian river, throws much and val-
uable light oi its practicability and advantages as a route
for a railroad :
'• GENERAL CHARACTER OF THE ROUTE.
u The route throughout its whole extent, as we found it,
' inav be characterized as follows:
4k From Tort Smith to Shawneetown, opposite Edwards's i
' trading bouse —a distance of one hundred and twenty-five 1
'miles—on account of difficult hills and qutcksand mires, j
' caused by unprecedented rains, it was very bad, but j
' be and ttiould be made better, as before suggested, as soon j
'as practicable.
" From Shawneetown to the termination of the Croes- |
' timbers, or Rock Mary, a distance of one hundred and |
' fiftv-three miles, the road was good ; indeed, with some
' triffing exceptions, quite good.
a From the termination of the Cross-Umbers to SantaFe,
'a distance of five hundred and forty-one miles, bating
' some inconsiderable exceptions, the road was veryjine;
' indeed, a better road I never saw anywhere.
" IS REGARD TO WOOD, WATER, AND GRASS.
11 From Fort Smith to the Antelope hills we tound these
' essential requisites generally abundant, always ample.
" From the Antelope hills to Shady creek, of grass there
' was no deficiency ; of water occasionally an abundance—
' always a sufficiency, except in two instances, which now,
' on account ot present experience, may be obviated. (See
' suggestions on maps.)
'* From Shady creek to Santa F6 the grass was rather
' scarce ; it generally, however, proved sufficient, and it is
' believed that an ample supply may, in most ca«es, be ob-
1 1 tamed by a search for it along the ravines and streams
' a=ide of, and at not impracticable distances from the road.
' Wood and water were generally sufficient, and where de-
ficient they can now be supplied without inconvenience
' by following the directions laid down on the maps.
u The route tiom Santa Fe, on the south side of the Ca-
' nadian river—I speak now of the general, not the particu-
' ular route traveled—is, in niy opinion, practicable for the
(location ofa railwad ; and the line of its location should
' bp, sn niy judgment, in order to the obtainment of the best
';jrade, generally on the first riparian bend of the river—I
'mean of the Canadian river.
" The advantages to be derived from this route, as one of
' location for tiie great national highway, aic its comparative
' freedom from obstructions caused by snow; its passage
' for two hundred and seventy-five miles through a region
< mostly of prairie and woodland character, this region thus
' furnishing the timber necessary for the work; its passage
'through the Indian country adjoining the State of Arkan-
sas, where coal abounds; its passage through a country
' capable of affording all the requisite stone material and
' the necessary supply of water; its line of location being
' entirelv between and parallel to, and never crossing the
* two only great rivers of the region of countrv traversed.
'These are, in the main, the advantages which this great
' loute jK>ssesses.M
The reasons for entering the valley of the Rio Grande at
Albuquerque, by way of Anton Chico, are, the easy pas-
sage of the Rocky Mountains at this point (they presenting
an impass-able barrier to the north cxcept where the Santa
Ffi road pa^se*,) as far a* the Arkansas river, and the ab- :
scnce of tenous difficulty in ascending the dividing ridge
between the waters of the Pacific ocean and Gulfof Mex-
ico ; besides, it must necessarily develop the valley ofthe J
Rio Pecos, one of the most fertile in New Mexico. j
The dilference in elevation between the western boundary
of Mifsoim and Anton Chico is about five thousand feet, I
and the distance to be traveled about seven hundred miles |
—giving an average ascending grade of seven and one-sev- |
enth feet to the mile. From Anton Chico to Albuquerque I
is about one hundred miles, and the difference in elevation 1
one thousand tcet. This is the only part ofthis section ofthe
road where an obstacle can he apprehended, but it has long
been tiaveled with loaded wagons,and hut little labor will
be required to make it perfectly practicable for a railroad. 1
From Albuquerque north to Embuda^ and south to Val- :
verde, near the Jornada del Muerto  extends the valley of
the Rio Grande—the largest and most fertile in New Mexi-
co—studded with towns and ranches, the greater part under
cultivation, and extremities easy of access.
Santa F<*, except that it is the capital of the Territory, i
presents no claims worth a notice, it is extremely difficult '
of approach from the east, and situated as ir is upon a thread
of water, hardly to be designated a stream, it cannot possibly ,
derive any value ftom the s-urroundmg country.
The sixth section of the route is from Albuquerque to the
Big Colorado nver. part of it hems: known as Walker's
route ; and the fir*t object to be attained, is overcoming the
in£sa or table land on the western side of the Rio Grande-
Two ways present themselves. The first, 13 to follow the
regular wagon road to the Pueblo de Zufii, which starts
from the village of Atri^co, nearly opposite Albuquerque; ;
and the other is 10 ascend the valley of the Rio Grande to 1
the mouth of the Rio Jtfinez, cross, and follow the course of
that stream as far as the Mexican town of San Isidro. This :
route is preferable on account of its gradual accent, and the
narrowness of the Rio Grande at the point where the Rio
Jemez enters it, affording no obstacle to its being bridged,
the Spaniards having done so at the Pueblo de San Felipe,
some ten miles above, when Pike was in the country in i
180T.
The J^mez river should be left near San Isidro, and fol- '
lowing the trail by the Soda Spring*, an excellent pass I
through the ra&eas, and a level road is found to the dividing I
ridge between the waters of the Rio Grande and San Juan,
an affluent of the Big Colorado of the west.
On many maps this ridge is represented as a formidable
range of mountains; this is an error, the surface ofthe
country being merely convex between the distant ranges on
either Vide. From this divide, according to information,
there is 110 doubt a good road can be found to the Ojo del
Oso, a large spring with abundant pine timber near, situated
in the depression between the Zufii and Chuska mountains ;
from this point to Fort Defiance, Major Kendriek, United
States Army, was ordered to make an exploration with the
view of opening a wngon road.
To ascend the mesa opposite Albuquerque by the Zufii
road, (the one first alluded to,) a heavier grade and more
labor is required. Once on the summit, a northerly detour
is necessary to avoid the rough hills and heavy sand in the
vicinity of the Rio Puerco. Beyond this river the road
passes by the Pueblo de IaLaguna, (and within some fifteen
miles of several Mexican settlements.) following up the bed
of the Rio de San Jose to near the foot of the Zufii mount
ains, in longitude about 108° 20' west of Greenwich.
These mountains extend from near the Rio Grande oj>-
posite the Joinada del Mucrto, to about latitude 35° 30',
when they gradually give out, forming the southern bound-
ary of a small valley in which is the Ojo del Oso. The
northern side of thN valley js made by the Chuska mount-
ains, which continue in a northerly direction to the Rio
San Juan, the upper part of the range being called the
Tunecha.
There are four passes through these ranges; the upper is
the one used by Colonel J. M. Washington, 111 1849, whilst
making an expedition against the Navajoes, and bears his
name. This is impracticable eveu for wagons. The next
is at the Ojo del Oso, and, from all accounts, presents but few
difficulties to its beiDg made an excellent road. The third,
called the Zufii Pass, was followed by Colonel Washing-
ton on his return route. It is steep and difficult in places,
and impracticable for a railroad. The fourth and most
southerly one is on the Canuio del Obispo, passing by the
Ojo de ia Jarra. This presents few or no obstacles, the
ascent on cither side being very gradual, A more careful
examination, 1 have no douht, will demonstrate its perfect
practicabihtv. I have been through all these passes, except
that by the Ojo del Oso, and can speak of course from per-
sonal obseivation.
From the western base of these mountains to the Pueblo
, de Zuni (longitude one hundred and nine degrees west from
i Greenwich) there is no difficulty. From here to the Big
Colorado are two routes,both practicable, and uniting at or
near a point marked Cascade on the map. One is to follow
the course of the Rio de Zuni until it empties into the
j Little Colorado river; then follow the latter stream until
i about twenty-five or thirty miles below the Cascade. The
; other is to follow the usual wagon road to Fort Defiance,
as far as Calites; thence striking west, through the Moqui
1 villages, and joining the first at or near the Cascades on the
Little Colorado river. This stream is narrow, with an
abundance of water, and in places fringed with cotton
woods. The soil in many places is susceptible of being
largely cultivated.
The following extract from a letter just received from
Major E. Backus, Third United States infantry, and recently
in command of Fort Defianco, will, from the well-known
and reliable character of the author, help to confirm you in
the belief of the practicability of the route I have marked
out: •
"The distance from Fort Defiance, by a careful estima-
f tion, is about ninety miles due west to the first village of
1 Moqui, and about one hundred and twenty to the seventh
'village. No road has been opened between the two points.
' Lieutenant Schroeder, Third Infantry, made a recontiois-
' sance of the route, bv my order, with the view of opening
* a wagon road, and he found the route practicable, and re-
4 ported that a road could be readily opened with a few la-
borers—that it would require hut little more work than
(was requisite at intervals, to cut away the timber. The
* Moqui Indians raise corn and wheat, and have usually a
' large suiplus of corn. They brought it through to Fort
' Defiance, upon mules and burros for a market. The seven
' villages are estimated by Dr. T^nbroeck, who accompanied
' Lieutenant Schroeder. to contain about ten thousand souls.
' As they are habitually hard laborers, I am not certain they
'cannot be advantageouslv employed as such upon any
i road to be constructed. The Moquis are said to have pro-
' ducedmuch larger crops the la^sea>on than u-*ual. I have
'reason to believe such is the fact, because the Zufiians
'have quadrupled their fields. Lieiitenat Schroeder and
'myself estimated their fields of com and wheat to cover
' ten thousand acres, when we passed them in August last.
' f think the Moquis cultivate moie ground habituallj than
«the Zuilians.
" Fort Defiance is hardly on the route for a road to the
1 Pacific. My impression is, that it should follow the road
'from Zuni to Fort Defiance as tar as C/Wes, twenty-three
' miles below Fort Defiance, and thence proceed direct to
'Moqui. The Indian® say this is the best and shortest
'route, and has the most water upon it. There is an abund-
< anre of timber (pine) and stone between Zuni and Mo-
' qui, and a large bed of seini-bituminous coal twelve miles
'from Zufii, on the road. There but little snow on this
' route during the wimer ; in 1^52 I do not think it exceed-
' ed si x inches, while forty miles to the north of Fort Defi-
< ance it was four or five feet deep.
u There is much broken and hilly ground between Zufii
' and Moqui, but it is not in any reject so formidable as the
'route over which the Pennsylvania road passes east of
* Pittsburg. Water is abundant in places, but at intervals
' of ten, fifteen, or twenty miles at tunes.
" I know nothing of the Ojo del Oso, except from the Jn-
' dians and traders. It has a good supply of water, and u
'surrounded by timber. Major Kendriek, United States
' Armv. is now about to open a wagon road from the Ojo
'del Gaito to the Ojo del Oso, and thence to Fort Den- •
' ance. It will shorten the road about forty railed, by esti-
' mation.
" My impression Is, that no very formidable obstacles co
' a railroad will be found between the Rio Grande and lat-
< tie Colorado, west of Moqui. The route w well worth a
