THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIYES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
32d Cokgrkss, 2o Session.
TUESDAY, JANUARY 18, 1853.
New Seriei No. 31.
'minute elimination, and in my opinion presents fewer ob-
« stacles than any other."
From the Little Colorado river to Walker's Para, in the
Sierra Nevada, by what w called Walker's route, no ex-
ploration has been made, except by the experienced mount-
aineer after whom these several places have been named.
Leaving the Little Colorado some thirty miles below the
Cascade, and striking out nearly due west, to the Yanipais
creek, following it to it* mouth, whicb is nearly opposite
that of the Rio Virgen, and just below the termination of
the Big CaSor* of the Colorado, crossing this river, and
following np the Virgen to the Muddy, which in turn be-
comes the roate, you enter the Spanish trail at the Vegas
de Santa Clara; from this trail, a little further south,alevel
plain extends to the Sierra Nevada, opposing no other ob-
stacles tn a road than the scarcity of wood and water.
From the same point on the Little Colorado, Bill Wil-
liams's Fork can be struck some distance fiom its head, and
followed until an opportunity is offered of reaching the Iiig
Colorado, near the mouth of the Mohave, from which point
bo serious obstacles are met with to Walker's Pass.
Walker has traveled the route named after him, several
tunes, and assured me he considered it the best and most
practicable, always finding plaaty of wood, gnus, and water.
He lias gone by this route from the Pueblo de los Angeles,
California, to Santa F<, Ne w Mexico, in twenty-five days;
and he returned to California by the same route in 1851, in
tkirty two days. He said the most difficult part of the whole
road was in the mountains (already mentioned) between
Zufii and the Bio Grande.
The scarcity of wood and water on the route I have
marked out, is its greatest objection; but this applies
equally to the routes by the Salt Lake, or south of the Rio
Gila- Ob the upper route, from Pilot Peak to Humboldt
river, the country is much broken by isolated ranges of low
mountains, rising from Sandy plains, affording but little
wood, grass, or water. Along Humboldt river the country
is more rolling, and with belter vegetation. Willows in
abundance skirt this stream, but large timber is scarce, and
that only cotton-wood. From the sink of Humboldt river
to the head of Kern river, the country is broken by low ba-
saltic ridges of mountains. This southern detour from
Humboldt river aeons unavoidable, as there are no posses
Sracticable for a railroad north of that, whicb enters the
ead of the San Joaqnin valley by Kern river. In support
of this, I extract tbe following from a letter from Mr. E. M.
Kern, who was assistant to Cdtone! Fremont in 1845:
" The entrance-into the main mountain in 1845, was so
'gradual,that it was hardly perceptible—we had nothing
' with us to note the height. Kern river makes a cafion
•through whicb it enters the valley; this might be made a
' pood road; if so, it wouTd form an excellent pass into the
' San Joaquin valley. Before entering this pass, the country
' to the east opens into a large plain, broken only by an oc-
• casional sandy or basaltic ridge. In our first ascent we
' could see the peaks of the mountains in the vicinity of the
' Mohave river, and there can be no difficulty in cresting
'/rem He Mokave to this feint, except the scarcity of mod
1 and water, the country being a leva flam. Our descent
"into the valley was broken and rough, tboogb not difficult.
'The mean temperature at tbe head of Kern river, from
' December 97 to January 17, was, at sunrise, 96°, noon 60",
(sunset 52°. Tbe snow was about two and a half feet deep
' on the kigheit peaks on tbe 30th of January. A better road
' might be found on further examination. This k the only
* fats through the mountaint south of the pretent emigrant
'rood, which it certainly not made for a railroad. This I
' knew, having traveled down the eastern side of the Sierra,
' from near the above point to Kern river. There may be a
' way through by Owen's river, but not for wagons, and
' I think it very doubtful for mules. Colonel Frtinont tried
' a pass from the valley up the Ban Joaqnin, but failed.
" As regards Walker's route, which fellows up Pan
' creek, I know but little; Walker informed it could be
' made a good road, as the mountains give nearly out at this
' point. It is useless to imagine that a pass can be found
'north of Kern river for a railroad, into either the San
'Joaquin or Saeramento valleys."
The principal objections to the northern route, are the
obstruction caused by the heavy fall of snow on some parts
of it—its passage for eighteen hundred miles through a
country destitute of civilized population, except at tbe Pue-
blo de San Carlos, llardscrabble, and the Mormon settle-
■matt near tbe Great Salt lake, the first two of but trifling
consequence; tbe impossibility of its passage through the
Sierra Nevada, where it is proprosed to strike it, involving
tbe necessity of a southern detour of some two or three
hundred miles to reach the only practicable passes through
Ibis range, and its almost purely local character, requiring
Jong branches to reach it from tbe southern portions of the
States.
Tbe route by El Paso and the Gila has the same objection
as tbe last one named. The first part of the route, which
lies in western Texas, is destitute of timber, and does not
present other facilities of construction equal to that proposed
py tbe Canadian river. From £1 Paao, perhaps the most
practicable way is to strike out in a 'westerly direction to
the Rio de San Pedro, fellow it to the Gila, and thence to
die Big Colorado. Of this part of tbe route I know nothing.
From the Big Colorado to Carrigo creek, an inhospitable
sandy desert, about one hundred miles in width, has to be
crossed, affording, with the exception of the mezquite, no
vegetation beside some shrubs, and bright and rare flowers,
peculiar to such an arid and barren spot Besides its in-
hospitable character, the heavy and ever-changing sand
presents a formidable obstacle. The pass through tbe coast
range, in practicability, bears no comparison, to those
through the mountain rang^I have spoken of. Ban Diego,
with Ma ssaall barbae, sparse population, and ragged back
21
country, presents but few arguments in favor of its being the
western terminus. In conclusion, the following summary
of the advantages of the route I have indicated is offered:
Its central position, the connections from points on either
side being nearly equidistant; its directness; its practicable
passage through the different mountains to be encountered;
its freedom from obstruction by snow, part of its location
in a region of country already settled, rich in mineral wealth
and agricultural resources, and capable of supplying the ne-
cessary labor and material for the construction of this sec-
tion; the knowledge of the greater part of the whole distance,
requiring but a small amount of exploration to determine at
once its proper locality; the shortness of the intervals be-
tween civilized population; its level character, and its en-
trance into and passage through one of the largest and most j
fertile valleys in California.
There are of course numerous and serious obstacles to be
overcome—the scarcity of timber and water being the prin-
cipal. Let the route pass where it will, an inhospitable
and uninhabitable region of country between the Rocky
Mountains and Sierra Nevada mutt be traversed, and this
appears to be the most facile by the route I advance.
An exploration between the Little Colorado and Walker's
Pass, returning by the Old Spanish Trail, would cover the
only portion of tbe route not thoroughly known, and I feel
positive, confirm the truth of what I have advanced.
Most of tbe foregoing is the result of ray own personal
observation, during a residence of some three yean in New
Mexico; the rest is from the most reliable sources.
Hoping it will meet your views, and give rise to a rigid
and impartial inquiry, I am, very respectfully, your obedient
servant, RICHARD H. KERN.
Hon. William M. Gwi , United Statet Senate.
Mr. MANGUM. I have listened, sir, to the
honorable Senator from Tennessee with a great
deal of attention and with a great deal of pleasure.
My own impression is, that the manner in which
he suggests that we should take up the whole
question and aet upon it, is the only practicable
one to bring us to any result in a' reasonable
time. If the members of the Senate will turn their
attention to this subject—if they will look at all
these plans, and mature first the bill under consid-
eration, make it as perfect as possible, and then
go on and perfect any bill which may be offered
aa an amendment to it, and so of a third propo-
sition, we may come to some practical result in
five or six or seven days. But if we take up
the bill in this sort of helter-skelter way, and con-
tinue this guerrilla kind of warfare, we shall never
come to any practical result whatever. I think,
therefore, that the remarks of the honorable Sen-
ator from Tennessee are well worthy of the con-
sideration of such gentlemen as take an interest in
the subject, and 1 hope they will prepare their
amendments to be acted upon; but as they cannot
prepare them to-day, as they may not be gifted
currents calami, but may by to-morrow, I hope
the motion to postpone will be agreed to.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives
was received, by Mr. Forney,its Clerk, announ-
cing that it had passed the following bills and joint
resolution from the Senate:
An act for the relief of Mrs. E. A. McNeil,
widow of the late General John McNeil.
An act for the relief of Elizabeth Armistead.
Joint resolution for surrendering the site of the
old Oglethorpe Barracks to the City Council of
Savannah, Georgia.
Also, that the House of Representatives had
passed a bill for the relief of William H. Wells,
and others.
Also, that it had agreed to the amendments of
the Senate to the bill to amend an act entitled "An
act for the discontinuance of the office of surveyor
general in the several districts, so soon as the
surveys therein can be completed, for abolishing
land offices, and for other purposes."
Also, that it had passed a bill to erect at the
capital of the nation, an equestrian statue ofWash-
ington.
Also, that it had passed the bill from the Senate
to continue half pay to certain widows and or-
phans, with an amendment.
WILLIAM H. WELLS.
The bill from the House of Representatives for
the relief of William H. Wells and others, was
read a first and second time by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
(STATUE OP WASHINGTON.
The bill to erect at the capital of the nation an
equestrian statue of Washington, was read a first
and second time by its title, and referred to the
Committee on the District of Columbia.
CONTINUANCE OP HALF PAY.
On motion by Mr. GEYER, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the amendment of the House
of Representatives to the bill "to continue half
pay to certain widows and orphans," which was
to add the following:
" Provided further, That the provl-donsof this act be ex-
tended to the widows and orphans of officers and Boldiers
of the war of 1812 and the Florida war."
Mr. BORLAND. I move that the Senate con-
cur in the amendment of the House.
Mr. HAMLIN. Will it be in order, before the
amendment is concurred in, to move to amend it?
The PRESIDENT. Certainly, sir.
Mr. HAMLIN. Then I move to amend the
amendment by adding the following:
Sec. 2. Jlnd he it further enacted, That the widows of
all officers, non-commissioned officers, soldiers, musicians*
and privates of the revolutionary Army, who were married
subsequently to January first, -Anno Domini 1800, shall be
entitled to a pension in tbe same manner as those who were
married before that date.
It will be recollected by the Senate that a few
days since a bill passed this body which includes
precisely what the amendment of the House to
this bill contains, but we also added to that bill a
section in the same words as that which I have
now offered; and if we addpt it, it will do pre-
cisely what the Senate did in the passage of the
bill to which I refer, and I therefore hope my
amendment will be adopted.
The amendment was agreed to, and the amend-
ment of the House, as thus amended, was con-
curred in.
HOMESTEAD BILL.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I rise to make An ap-
peal to the Senate to take up now, with a view of
fixing on a future day for its consideration, the bill
from the House " to encourage agriculture, com-
' merce^ manufactures, and all other branches of
«industry, by granting to every man who is the
' head of a family and a citizen of the United States,
« a homestead of one hundred and sixty acres of
•land out of the public domain, upon condition of
• occupancy and cultivation of the same for the
• period herein specified;" which is commonly
known as the "homestead bill." I do not pro-
pose now to go into the subject, or to have a vote
upon the bill at this time; but I ask that an early
day may be fixed for its consideration. It is a
measure in which a very large portion of the peo-
ple of this country feel a very deep interest. Those
that I represent, view it as a measure of the deep-
est interest to them—of greater importance than
any or all other measures which will come before
this Congress. 1 gave notice at an early day of
the session that I should move to take it up, athd
1 have looked in vain for an opportunity when I
thought there was a favorable time for me to make
the motion. The Senator from Tennessee, [Mr.
Bell,] a friend of this bill, has conferred with me
several times in relation to it. He designs to ad-
dress the Senate upon the subject of its passage,
as do several others, when it shall come up. I
will propose, if it be agreeable to the Senate, to
make it the special order for this day week; or if
any Senator chooses to suggest any other time
more agreeable to him, I will accept it. I want
to bring it to the early attention of the Senate, and
to have a fair vote upon its merits, and I intend to
have that.
Mr. PEARCE. I would be glad if the Senator
would extend a little the period he has designated.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I will adopt any sug-
non which the honorable Senator from Mary-
will make. He has frequently accorded me
a courtesy of this sort, and I know he is the last
one who would deny an opportuaity to consider
any bill. I will agree to any suggestion which he
may make.
Mr. PEARCE. There was a special order for
last Monday, which was not taken up in conse-
quence of a debate which sprung up here on that
occasion. It is very desirable that we should act
