3*22
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 17,
upon that at an early d;tv. I desire to have time
enough left to art upon that bill, before we take up
the hill designated by 'he Senator from Iowa. If
he wiil s;iy Wednesday week, I will accede to his
su^scestion.
The motion to take up the homestead bill was
agreed to, and on motion bv Mr. Dopke, of Iowa,
it was postponed to, and made the special order
of the day tor Wednesday, the 26th instant.
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, January 17, 1833.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Rev. C. M. Butler.
TheJournal of Saturday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is the consideration of a motion to suspend the
rules for the purpose of taking up and putting on
iu passage a bill for the relief of Elizabeth Armis-
tead, which was submitted on last Monday.
Mr. HOUSTON. I r:se to a question of or-
der. At the time that motion to suspend the rules
was submitted by the gentleman from North Car-
olina, [Mr. Oi tljuv,] the special order made pre-
viously by a two-thirds vote of the House had not
been carried into effect. The day subsequent to
the submission of his motion, that special order
was put in force, to continue from day to day until
disposed of. The point I make is, that that special
order now supersedes the motion of the getitleman
from North Carolina, and if the Chair sustains
me, I call for its consideration.
The SPEAKER. The Chair, ia reply to the
gentleman, remarks, that the present occupant
was not in the chair at the time the motion was
submitted; but if he understands the condition of
the special order, that being in the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, the proposi-
tion to suspend the rules for the purpose of acting
upon a different measure in the House will not
be affected by it at all.
Mr. HOUSTON. I present the point for the
decision of the Chair, because I think it will have
an important bearing upon all of the business of
the House, that the special order being in commit-
tee will make no difference. The House suspend-
ed the rules by a two-thirds vote, for the purpose
of getting the proposition before the committee,
and then by a two-thirds vote it was ordered, al-
though it is now in the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, that it should be con-
sidered in precedence of all other business.
The SPEAKER. It will be competent for the
House to suspend the rules, and to make two
special orders. If they conflict, it will be for the
Chair to determine which shall take precedence.
Mr. HOUSTON. Is it in order for me to sub-
mit a motion that the rules be suspended, and that
the House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, or does the gen-
tleman's motion hold over, and come up as the
first business in order to-day?
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentle-
man from North Carolina would take precedence,
because his motion is to suspend the very rule
under which the gentleman would otherwise be at
liberty to submit his motion to go into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the gentleman's motion
be adopted, a suspension previously made will be
superseded.
The SPEAKER. The business first in order,
as the Chair has already stated, is the considera-
tion of a motion submitted on last Monday by the
gentlemnn from North Carolina, [Mr. Outlaw,]
to suspend the rules for the purpose of taking up
Senate bill No. 509, entitled " An act for the re-
lief of Elizabeth Armistead."
The question was taken on the motion to «us-
pend the rules, and it was agreed to.
_ The bill was read a first and second time by its
title. '
. Mr. OUTLAW. Mr. Speaker, I shall detain
the House but for a few moments. It appears,
from the evidence in this case, that General Arm-
istead, late a brigadier general in the Army of the
United States, died from a disease contracted
■whilst he was in the service of his country during !
the Florida war. He died in October, 1845 At'
that time, by the laws of the United States, no |
provision was made for the widows and orphans I
of officers of the regular Army who died in the
public service. The not making that provision was
passed in the year 1848; but the Commissioner of
Pulsions, to whom this case h:\s been submitted,
has decided that Mrs. Armistead does not come
within the operation of that law. The object of
this bill is to give her n pension during her life.
And I will state here, that at the time General
Armistead died, he left his widow in indigent cir-
cumstances, with nine children, besides a number
of grandchildren, all of whom have to be edu-
cated. Mrs. Armistead struggled against the mis-
fortunes and poverty to which she was subjected
so long as she could, and she refused, so long as
she was able to support herself and her family, to
appeal to the country for relief. Since that time her
house has been consumed by fire, and she feels
that it is a duty which she owes herself and chil-
dren, to ask the justice of her country and this
House to make some provision for herself and for
her family. I understand, Mr. Speaker, that this
case is precisely similar to that of Mrs. Worth,
the widow of General Worth, which was favora-
bly passed upon by this House, with the excep-
tion that General Armistead died from a disease
contracted in the actual service of his country,
whereas, as I understand, General Worth did
not.
A Member. He died of cholera.
Mr. OUTLAW. As I have stated, I do not
Purpose to detain the House by making a speech.
am too much indebted to it for its kindness in
sustaining the motion to suspend the rules, in order
to bring this bill up, to abuse that kindness by
taking up the time of the House. I call for the
previous question on the passage of the bill.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. I appeal to the
gentleman to withdraw his demand for the pre-
vious question, and allow me to offer an amend-
ment to the bill.
Mr. OUTLAW. I am perfectly willing to yield
the floor for that purpose. I understand the gen-
tleman's amendmentto be to give Mrs. Armistead
half pay for five years. I wish to take no advan-
tage. i take it for granted that the House will
follow the example they set in the case of Mrs.
Worth,and will vote down the amendment, though
I shall yield the floor for the gentleman to offer it.
[Cries all over the Hall of " Hold on to the call
for the previous question!" "Do not withdraw
the call!"] ;
Mr. OUTLAW. As it appears to be the gen- 1
eral opinion of the House I should not withdraw
my call, I refuse to yield to the gentleman.
Mr. CLARK. 1 would ask what amount of
pension this bill proposes to give?
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. It gives her I
about fifty dollars a month for life.
Thecall for the previous question was seconded,
and the main question ordered to be put.
The SPEAKER. The question now recurs on '
ordering the bill to be read a third time.
Mr. SKELTON. I demand the yeas and nays ,
on that question.
The yeas and nays were not ordered—6 only
voting in the affirmative.
The bill was then, according to order, read a
third time.
Mr. OUTLAW. I call for the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
Thecall for the previous question was seconded,
and the main question was ordered to be put.
Mr. SKELTON. I demand the yeas and nays
upon the passage of the bill.
Mr. OUTLAW. I move that the vote by which
the bill was ordered to be read a third time be re- !
considered; and that the motion to reconsider be ;j
laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to. I
The yeas and nays were not ordered on the pas- I
sage of the bill, there being on a division only 19
in the affirmative, which was less than one fifth
of a quorum.
The question was then put, and the bill was [
Mr. OUTLAW. I move that the vote by which
the bill was passed be reconsidered, and that the
motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MRS. E. A. M'NEIL.
Mr. MOLONY. I move that the rules of the
House be suspended, and particularly the rule re-
quiring bills containing appropriations to be first
considered in the Committee of the Whole, for the
purpose of enabling me to report for its notion
the bill from the Senate for the relief of Mrs. E.
A. McNeil, widow of General John McNeil, de-
ceased.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee, demanded the
yeas and nays; but they were not ordered.
The question was taken, nnd the rules were sus-
pended.
The bill was then taken up, and read a second
time by its title.
A message was here received from the Senate,
by Asbury Dickins, Esq., its Secretary, noti-
fying the House that that body had passed bills of
the following titles, viz:
H. R. No. 151. An act for the relief of the
heirs of William McFarland, deceased.
H. R. No. 296. An act for the relief of John J.
Sykes.
S. No. 374. An act to amend the charter of the
city of Washington.
S. No. 438. An act for the relief of William
Senna Factor.
S. No. 503. An act for the relief of the legal
representatives of Daniel Loomis, deceased.
S. No. 510. An act for the relief of Asenath M.
Elliot.
S. No. 514. An act for the relief of the legal
representatives of Major Caleb Swan, deceased.
And that the President did, on the 13th of Janu-
ary, 1853, approve and sign bills of the following
titles, viz:
S. No. 566. An act authorizing the Secretary of
the Treasury to issue a new register to the ship
Prentice, and change her name to that of Leonie.
S. No. 50. An act for the relief of Sidney S.
Alcott.
S. No. 217. An act for the relief of William
Speiden.
S. No. 64. A resolution for the appointment of
Regents in the Smithsonian Institution.
S. No. 206. An act granting a pension to Mrs.
Elizabeth V. Lomax.
S. No. 130. An act for the relief of John T. Sul-
livan.
Mr. MOLONY. With the indulgence of the
House, I will make a brief statement of the facts
in this case, since there is no accompanying report.
General McNeil, sir, entered the military service
of his country in the year 1812, as captain in the
11th regiment of infantry. In 1813, he was pro-
moted to the rank of major. On the 5th of July,
1814, for his heroism displayed at the battle of
Chippewa, he was breveted a lieutenant colonel.
On the 25th of the same month, memorable ever
as one of the bloodiest in the annals of that war,
he received a second brevet, and that of colonel for
his gallantry and heroism shown on the occasion.
At the head of the 11th regiment, while storming
the enemy's battery in that fight known as the
battle of Lundy's Lane, the general received a
wound in his right knee, from a cannister shot of
the enemy's battery, which lacerated the knee
joint so seriously as to cripple him for life, and
entailing upon him a neuralgic affection of the
limb, which followed him to the day of his death,
and which, from its repeated attacks and its great
severity, I am credibly informed, finally broke
down his constitution, which, when he entered the
service, was Herculean. All physicians can tes-
tify that a severe form of neuralgia is one of the
most excruciating and trying diseases to the con-
stitution to which the humali body is liable, and
a disease most likely to arise from such a lacera-
tion of parts as took place in the case of General
McNeil; and it is probable, that had his limb been
torn from his body by the shot, that it would have
been less an evil to him than his stiffened knee and
neuralgic affection, the latter of which, in the event
of a complete amputation of the limb by the ball,
would not probably have occurred.
At the close of the war of 1812, such had been
the brilliant career of General McNeil, and such
his distinguished services, that he was retained
upon the peace establishment as major, from
which, step by step, he was promoted to the rank
of colonel in the Army, and breveted brigadier
general in 1824. In 1830, General McNeil left the
Army, and was placed upon the pension rolls.
I will, in this connection, state that General
McNeil, at the close of the war, applied for a
pension, in 1815, and again in 1819, claiming it as
his vested right, under tt^law of 1812, for the en-
listment of troops for the service, in which law
