1853.
TUB CONGRESSIONAL; GLOBE.
323
it was unconditionally promised to all soldiers and
officers who should enlist in the United Slates
service under it, that a pension should be given,
provided they should become disabled while in the
ttrviet and in the line ofdtUy. Under that law, and
for the reasons set forth in my remarks, General
McNeil made his application to the Department
for a pension; it was denied him, and against the
injustice thereby done to .him, he ever afterward
protested.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. With the permis-
sion of the gentleman, I desire to make a single
inquiry of him. I doubt not theserious character
of the wounds which he describes, but I wish to
ask him if General McNeil did not remain in the
service from the time he received those wounds
up to 1830, when he resigned; and if he did not,
during all that time, receive the full payment to
which his commission entitled him ?
Mr. MOLONY. I will answer the gentleman's
question, and I wish to call the attention of the
House particularly to my answer, for it is one that
will amply sustain the claim of the widow of Gen-
eral McNeil to the pension which this bill pro-
poses to give her.
General McNeil was, it is true, from the close
of the war up to 1830, in the Army, and for agreat
part of the time was in the discharge of his duty,
upon our far-western (then) frontier, submitting
to all the trials, privations, and hardships of the
soldier's life, under such circumstances, for al! of
which he was, of course paid; but 1 would inauire
of the gentleman how the payment of a soldier
of his salary as an equivalent stipulated for servi-
ces rendered, can, in equity, or in honor, release
this Government from its obligation to the dis-
abled soldier—an obligation assumed in the law of
1812, and which it can only cancel by giving to
every man disabled in her service the pension there-
in promised ? General McNeil claimed, during
his life, and his widow does now, that his vested
right, under the law of 1812, was, and hers now
is, to a pension from the date of his wound, up to
1830, the time when he was placed upon the pen-
sion rolls, and he contended that that rule of the
Department by which he was denied his pension
was not warranted by any fair construction of the
law of 1812. It (the rule) was -viewed by Gen-
eral Cass, when Secretary of War, as no part
of the law, being an executive regulation, sim-
ply, and as such, could be dispensed with at the
pleasure of the Department; and here let me call
the attention of the gentleman from Tennessee,
and of the House, to the fact that General Cass
did dispense with said rule, when at the head of
the War Department, in the case of Colonel Pres-
ton, who was an officer in the same war with
General McNeil, and, for disability incurrred in
the war, was pensioned, and that, too, while he was
aa officer in the Army, and in the receipt of his pay
at Huh, and there are many more similar cases
which could be cited; and at this time every pri-
vate and officer in the naval service of the United
States, who has been wounded and disabled in
that service, is entitled to a pension, and that, too,
while in the receipt of their pay; and such has
been'the case since 1837. All this is right; but
the thing that 1 complain of is, that the same
even-handed justice should not be meted out to
both arms of our national defense alike, and that
that pension is given to one soldier which is de-
nied to another, Both placed under the same cireu in-
stances, and both alike meritorious, if you please.
Sir, there should be no such discrimination as
between the different branches of the service, nor
as between individuals of the same branch, but
even-handed justice to all; and 1 take this occasion
to say, that 1 am ready to vote for a bill so ex-
planatory of the act of 1812, (if it can possibly
need any such explanation,) as shall give to all
soldiers and privates, disabled in service, a pension'
from the time that said disability was incurred in
the service, and in., the line of their duty, or to
their widows and minor children.
Having given to the House the material facts
of the service and disability upon which this claim
rests, and, I think, having answered theeentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] to the satisfaction of
the House, I move the previous question upon the
engrossment and third reading of the bill.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. If my friend
from Illinois will withdraw the previous question,
I will renew it in five minutes. 1 desire to make
a brief statement of this case.
Mr. MOLONY. I do not wish to be guilty of
any discourtesy to my friend, but if he will renew
it in five minutes 
[Cries of " Question!" " Question!" " Ques-
tion,"]
Mr. HARRIS. I will renew it.
Mr. MOLONY. The question is called for on
all sides of the House. I would be willing to with- 1
draw it, so far as I am concerned myself, but there
is great opposition to it.
Mr. HARRIS. No one else is concerned but!
yourself.
Mr. MOLONY. I must decline to withdraw, j
The previous question was seconded, and the ;
main question ordered.
The SPEAKER. The question now is upon 1
ordering the bill to be read a third time.
Mr. HARRIS. Is the previous question ex-
hausted ?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. HARRIS. Then I move to lay the bill
upon the table, and upon that motion I demand the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was then taken, and it was de-
cided in the negative.
So the House refused to lay the bill upon the
table.
The bill was then read the third time.
Mr. MOLONY. I move the previous question
upon the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. JONES. I demand the yeas and nays upon
thepassage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were refused <
Mr. DEAN. I move to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read the third time, and to lay the motion to re-
consider upon the table.
The question was put, and the latter motion was
agreed to.
i Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to lay the
j bill upon the table.
Thequestion was taken onMr. Jones's motion,
and it was decided in the negative.
So the House refused to lay the bill upon the
table.
The question now being, " Shall the bill pass?"
: it was put and decided in the affirmative,
j So the bill passed.
I Mr. MOLONY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed, and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The question was put upon the latter motion,
and it was agreed to.
STATUE Of GEORGE WASHINGTON.
Mr. DEAN. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to introduce a bill for the purpose of
' having it referred to the Committee on Ways and
Means. It is a bill " to carry into effect the res-
olution of Congress, passed August 7th, 1783, to
erect at the capital of the* nation, an equestrian
statue of General Washington." If there is any
objection, I shall move to suspend the rules.
No objection was made.
The bill was then read a first and second time
by its title.
Many Members. '' Pass the bill now."
i Mr. DEAN. No, Mr. Speaker, I asked the-
1 consent of the House merely to introduce the bill
for the purpose of reference. I supposed there
would be no objection to that, and as it was in that
way that I obtained the consent of the House, I
therefore feel bound to move that the bill be re-
ferred to the Committee on Ways and Means,
hoping, however, that the House may conclude
to pass it without a reference.
[Cries of "Oh, no!" and " Pass the bill!"]
Mr. POLK. I hope the gentleman will with-
draw his motion, and allow the bill to be put upon
its passage now.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would say to
the gentleman from New York that it is wholly
unnecessary to refer the bill to the Committee on
I Ways and Means, because every member of this
i House understands the proposition as welt now
as the Committee on Ways and Means can un-
derstand it afterthey have examined it, and as well
as the members of the House can understand it
after the committee Jiave reported. The only thing
that it is necessary for him to do is to mort fur-
! ther to- suspend, that rule which requires a bill
making an appropriation to go to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, and then
the bill can be disposed of now.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I know noth-
ing about the details of this bill, nor do I know
that it is in a form in which it ought to pass at
this time. As it was introduced for the purpose
of reference, and as it is a matter of considerable
importance, I would suggest that it be referred to
a select committee of nine, or say thirteen, as that
is the number of the old States.
Mr. STUART. I ask for the reading of the
bill.
The Clerk read the bill, as follows:
" Be it enacted, Sic., That the sum of fifty thousand dol-
lars is hereby appropriated to enable the President of the
United States to employ Clark Mills to erect at the city of
Washington a colossal equestrian statue of General Wash-
ington, at such place in the public grounds in said city as
shall be designated by the Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds, and substantially carry into effect the resolu-
tion parsed August 7th, 1783, in the Congress of the United
States of America."
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to make a sugges-
tion to the gentleman from New York. If he pro-
foses to refer this resolution to a committee at all,
think it should go to the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds.
[Cries of "No!" "No!"]
Mr. HOUSTON. I will therefore, with the
fiermission of the gentleman, move that the reso-
ution be referred to the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds. I do not see any neces-
sity for referring it at all; but if it is to be referred,
it should go to that committee.
Mr. DEAN. I withdraw the motion to refer
the bill to the Committee on Ways and Means,
and move to refer it to a select committee of thir-
teen.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Oh, no; it will never be
reported on.
Mr. DEAN. The gentleman did not hear me
through. I also move that the committee have
; power to report it at any time, and on this motion
I demand the previous question.
Mr. ORR, (Mr. Dean yielding the floor.) _ I
desire to ask whether, if the previous question
should now be sustained, after a motion has been
made to refer the bill to a select committee, and
also to refer it to one of the standing committees
of the House, and the House should refuse to refer
it to either of the committees, the question would
recur upon the passage of the bill ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
the question would arise as to whether it would be
competent for the House to consider the bill with-
out referring it to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union—as it contains an appro-
priation.
Mr. ORR. Then is it competent to move to
suspend the rule requiring that reference?
The SPEAKER. That may be done.
Mr. ORR. Can that be done now ?
Mr. RICHARDSON. I ask the gentleman
from New York to yield me the floor, that I may
move to suspend that rule?
Mr. ORR. The gentleman from New York 1)04
yielded it to me.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Then move to suspend
the rule.
Mr. ORR. Will it be in order for me to make
a-motion to suspend the rule of the House which
requires a bill making an appropriation to be re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union ?
The SPEAKER. That motion would be in
order if the gentleman had the floor for any such
purpose, but it has been yielded to him only for
explanation 
Mr. DEAN. I will yield the floor to the gen-
tleman for that purpose, if I can resume it after-
wards.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can make no,
such bargain.
Mr. DEAN. Well, sir, 1 yield the floor, and
will take my chance.
Mr. ORR. Then I move that the 131st rule be,
suspended, which requires a bill making an appro-
priation to be considered in the Committee of the
Whole on the strtte of the Union, so that we may
pass the bill now. Every member of the Hottoe
understands it as well now as they would after it
was reported upon.
Mr. SWEETSER. I wish to make a single
suggestion. The resolution# to which this Dill
