1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
825
Mr. STEPHENS. Then I trust it will be
vo<ed dawn.
The question now being upon seconding the
demand for the previous question, upon a division,
78 rose io the affirmative.
Mr. STEPHENS demanded tellers; which
were ordered; and Messrs. Jons*, of Tennessee,
and He.vdjucks were appointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers
reported—ayes 83, noes not counted.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered to be put.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time, and, having been engrossed, it
was read the thin) time and passed.
Mr. DEAN. I move that the vote just taken,
by- which the bill was passed, be reconsidered,
and that the motion to reconsider do lie on the
table.
The question waa taken, and the latter motion
was agreed to.
8URVEY OF PUBLIC LANDS.
. Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker,
dnrin* the last session of Congress, a bill passed
the House providing^ that in eases where the office
of surveyor general in any State had been abol-
ished, the business should be conducted—when
anything was to be done—under the direction of
the Commissioner of the General Land Office.
That bill went to the Senate and has been returned
the present session with two or three short amend-
ments. Their consideration cannot possibly give
rise to any debate; and as it is a matter of great
importance to a great many individuals, I ask the
unanimous consent of the House to take it up
and agree to the Senate amendments. If it should
give rise to debate, I will consent to let it pass over.
There was no objection, and House bill No.
991, to amend an act entitled " An act for the dis-
' continuance of the office ®f surveyor general in
' the several districts, as soon as the surveys tbere-
' in shall be completed, for discontinuing the land
' office, under co-tain circumstances, and for other
' purposes," was taken from the Speaker's table.
The amendments of the Senate were then read
by the Clerk.
Mr. BROWN. I move that the House concur
in the Senate amendments.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
EXPENSES OF THE STEAM NAVY.
' Mr. CARTTER. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to offer the following resolution of
inquiry. If it should give rise to debate, I will
not press it at this time. It is a mere resolution
of inquiry, and I presume there will be no objec-
tion to its introduction. I ask that the resolution
may be read for information.
it was read by the Clerk, as follows:
Raabtd, That tk* Secretary of lb* Wavy communicate
to this House the iafonoatioa called for by the following
iatcnoploriei:
1. Tlie number and names of steamers built for the Navy
In each year since January, 1835; their power, tonnage,
proportion sf fun* to the ton as actually aimed, aad the
length of liine between the commencement of each vessel
and ber ailing on her first cruise.
2. The actual cost of each vessel from, the time of com-
mencement tin first commissioned for sea service; the num
ber of tiaies repaired or altered in the United States, and
ike cost of saeh repairs before proceeding to sea.
3. The number of times each steamer has undergone for-
eign repairs on foreign stations from accident, and the natnre <
and cuiae of such accidents, as well sa the eostof sucb re- |
pairs. |
4. The actual eost of each steamer in the Navy, from the :
time of building until the year 1853, including repairs of
whatever description; the actual service at sea performed
by each vessel, as well as the aggregate cost of the entire
ftean navy, and the various experiments connected there-
with until the close of the year 1832.
5. The names of the heads of bureaus, constructors, engi- !
toeers, and other persons concerned in the construction or j
equipment of each and every steamer in the Navy. j
- 6. The present condition of the steain navy, including ;
readiness for immediate service,capacity for conveying i
fuel, accommodating crew, and ratio of guns to tonnage. 1
7. The nnmberofsteamerspurehased for tilt' Navy—their [
llrst cost—the amount expended to fit them for war vessels j
—their power, burden, proportion of actual armament and '
tonnage—entire cost of repairs of all kinds to the close of
the year 1852—the service performed—tbeir present condi-
tion and fitness for service, and the names of the agents
«tw made the purchase for the Government.
No objection being made, the resolution waa
thereupon introduced, considered, and adopted.
halt pat op widows and orphans.
Mr. PORTER. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to take from the Speaker's table
Senate bill No. 477, and put it upon its passage.
It provides for the extension of the five years' half
pay, of the widows and orphans of soldiers who
ai«i in the war with Mexico.
No objection being made, the bill was then
: taken up and read a first and second time by its
title, as follows: "An act to continue half pay to
certain widows and orphans." ji
_ Mr. PORTER. I hope there will be no objec-
tion to the consideration and passage of that bill i
at the present time. The principle of the bill has
been settled affirmatively by the repeated action of
this House, and my object, in calling it up now, |
is to prevent the necessity of partial legislation, ';
| j which I consider has taken place in other cases, j
and which will continue to take place unless this
'j bill is passed. The bill in reference to Mrs.
11 Worth recognizes the principle of this bill, with
! an extension of that principle for life, instead of
for a period of five years. That bill was passed
for the reason that her husband died in conse-
2uence of wounds received, or in consequence of
incase contracted while in service. This bill pro-
vides only for the widows and children of those
who died in consequence of wounds received in
the service of the United States.
The effect of the bill will be to put the widows
and minor children of those who occupy that po-
sition—the widow during her widowhood, and ,
after her death, the minor children during their
minority, upon the same equal footing, arid thereby
prevent the necessity of partial legislation, which
is always unequal, and consequently unjust.
It is for this reason that I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to take up that bill now, and
act upon it. I trust there will be no objection to
its consideration.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. I desire to suggest
to the gentleman from Missouri an amendment, I
which I think should be attached to this bill. It
is intended to extend the half-pay pension allowed
by the several acts of Congress heretofore passed. ,
I wish to suggest to the gentleman from Missouri,
and to the House, that previous to the passage of!
the act of 1848, (which is a more liberal act upon \
that subject than any other act in force,) the wid- I
ows of soldier are not entitled to pensions unless !
the soldier had fallen in battle, or died of wounds
received while in service, and before his return
home.
The act of 1848 gives the widow a pension, in
cases where the husband fell in battle, died of
wounds received, or of disease contracted while in
that service; and I think that if we pass a bill to
extend half-pay pensions at all, it should apply to
ail half-pay pensions, and that it should place the
widow of the soldier of the previous wars upon
the same footing of the widow of the soldier of the
Mexican war, which may be done by providing
in this bill, that where the husband diea of wounds
received or. pisease contracted while in theser-
I vice, and in the line of his duty, that his widow 1
shall have the half-pay pension. !
Mr. PORTER. I am glad to hear the sugges- ■
| tion of the honorable gentleman from Tennessee, i
j but I am not prepared to say whether this bill |
ought to be modified or not. I have not examined j
the different acts upon the subject sufficiently to j
! be able to say whether its provisions ought to be j
' extended to other cases or not; but I,am confident j
that so far as it does go, it is only just and right,
j and in accordance with the sentiments and opin- j
ions expressed formally by this House, when act- '
ing upon particular and special cases. And inas- !
! much as it is aSenate bill, which passed that body
| almost unanimously—at all events without divjs-
ion upon it—and as I kBow it accords with the
sentiments and wishes of a large majority of the ;
members of this Honse, I insist upon its being j
put upon its passage, without jnodification or ;
amendment. Therefore I call for the previous j
question. |
Mr. ORR. Will the gentleman from Missouri
withdraw the demand for the previous question ?
Mr. PORTER. I prefer not. I have every
disposition to act courteously towards my friend,
but I have the flpor only by the courtesy of the
House, and I do not wish to consume the time of
the House by unnecessary discussion of this mat-
ter.
Mr. ORR. My object is not to discuss, but to
arrive at a eorreet understanding of the bill. I
desire to know, if the widow and children of of-
ficers, who have died of disease contracted in
Mexico, are provided for in the bill?
not I think they ought to be.
Mr. PORTER. My i
are.
If they are
impression is that they
Mr.SACKETT. ^1 would inquire if it is ia
"is not gen-
rai.onwuM. i would inquire
order to have the bill again read ? It i
erally understood.
The SPEAKER. By the consent of the House
the bill may be again read.
Mr. WILCOX. I object.
Mr. GOODENOW. I ask for tellers on second*
ing the denwnd for the previous question.
Mr. ORR. I hope the gentleman from Mis-
souri will allow the amendment I have indicated
to be put in the bill, before the question is taken.
I am in favor of the passage of the bill, as I sup-
pose three fourths of the members of the House
are.
Tellers were then ordered; and Messrs. Gat-
lord and Hillteb appointed.
The House was then divided, and the tellers re*
ported—ayes 48, noes not counted.
So the previous question was not seconded.
Mr. SACKETT. I ask for the reading of the
bill again.
Mr. ORR. I will say to the gentleman from
New York that the simple reading of the bill will
not give the gentleman the information he desires,
for the bill refers to certain acts which have been
passed, and before we can understand the bill, w«
must know what those acts contain.
Mr. SACKETT. Can the gentleman from
South Carolina explain the bill and other acts to
which it refers ?
Mr. ORR. The bill provides that all the wid->
ows and orphans who were granted and allowed
five years' half pay by the provisions of an acf
approved on the 21st day of July, 1848, entitled
"An act to amend an act granting half pay to
' widows and orphans where their husbands or
' fathers have died of wounds received in the mili-
• tary service of the United States, in case of de-
' ceased officers and soldiery of the militia and
' volunteers, passed July 4tjj, 1836," or an act ap*
proved on the 22d day of February, 1849, entitled
" An act granting five years'halfpay to certain
' widows and orphans of officers, non-commis-
' sioned officers, musicians, and privates, both reg.
' ular and volunteers," be and they are hereby
granted a continuance of said half pay under like
limitations and restrictions, for the further period
of five years, to commence at the expiration of
the half pay provided for by the aforesaid acts,
&c.
Now, the understanding of the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Harris,] who is the chairman
of the Committee on Invalid Pensions, is, that the
widows and orphans of soldiers who have died of
diseases contracted i# the service are not provided
for In the bill, and I only desire to move an amend*
ment, having for its object to provide for them.
Mr. HARRIS. That is precisely the object I
had in view, and I can'make a statement which
will make my position understood. Previous to
the passage of the acf of 1848 there was no act
allowing a widow half-pay pension where her hus-
band died of diseases contracted while in service.
If he died of wounds received, if he fell in battle,
or if he died previous to reaching home, she was
entitled to a pension. But where he died after
reaching home of diseases contracted while in the
service, his widow was not entitled to a pension,
The act of 1849 gives to the widows of soldiers
of the Mexican war, who died of diseases con-,
tracted in that war, half-pay pension?:and 1.think
if you extend that provision fit all, it should be
extended as well to the widows of soldiers of.qther
wars as to those of the Mexican war. They are
not provided for in this bill.
Mr. ORR. There was an act passed in 1849
which is referred to and quoted in this bill.
Mr. HARRIS. That has reference to the Mex-
ican war alone, and has no reference to the sol-
diers of any other war. I have examined it crit-
ically, and know that such is the ease.
Mr. SACKETT. I remember, that as a mem-
ber of the Committee on Pensions in 1850, we
offered a joint resolution, which was passed, giving
a construction to the act of 1849, which applied
to the Mexican war. The object of that resold
tion was to overrule a construction given to that
act by the Department. I see that resolution is
not referred to in this act, and my impression is,
that in order to carry out the provision of the act
