1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
32?
posed to this resolution will vote against its intro-
duction.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I know debate is
aot in order, but as others hare been indulged,
allow me to say one word by way of explanation.
TheSPEAKER. Is it the pleasure of the House
that the gentleman proceed >
Several Membkbs objected.
Mr. MASON. 1 wish to ask the gentleman
from California if he will accept an amendment,
and make the sum twenty millions instead of ten.
Mr. MARSHALL. From any other gentle-
man than the chairman of the Committee on Ac-
counts, I would accept it. [Laughter.]
Mr. MASON. I will inform the gentleman that
I intend to vote for his proposition, whether it be
ten or twenty millions. Is the gentleman willing
to accept the amendment?
Mr. MARSHALL. I object to the amend-
ment.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, demanded the
yeas and nays upon the suspension of the rales;
which were ordered.
Mr. BROOKS. I rise to ask, what we are voting
upon—ten or twenty millions.
The SPEAKER. Upon ten.
Mr. MARSHALL. I object to the amend-
ment, of course.
The question was then taken, and there were—
yeas 26, nays 150; as follows:
TEAS—Means. Ashe, Beale. Albert G. Brown, Bait,
Cartter, Dean, Doty, Florence, Gaylord, Gorman, Green,
Howard, Marshall, Mason, McCorkle, Orr, Polk, Kiddle,
Ross, Russell, Savage, Scuny, Frederick P. Stanton, Rich-
ard H. Stanton, St. Martin, and Sweetser—26.
NATS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Aiken, Charles Allen,
Willis Allen, Allison, John Appleton, William Appleton,
Thomas H. Bayly, BarUett, Bell, Bennett, Bibifhans,
Bocock, Bowie, Brenton, Briggs, Brooks, George H.
Brown, Borrows, Busby, Joseph Cable, Caldwell, Lewis
D. Campbell, Thompson Campbell, Chandler, Chapman,
Chastain, Clark, Cobb, Colcock, Conger, Cnllom, Darby,
John G. Davis, Dawson, Dimmick, Disney, Duncan, Dnn-
ham, Dnrkee, Eastman, Edmundaon, Evans, Ewing,
Faulkner, Fay, Ficklin, Freeman, Thomas J. D. Fuller,
Gamble, Giddings, Gilmore, Goodennw, Grey, Grow, Hall,
Hammond, Harper, Sampson W. Harris, Haws, Hascall,
Haven, Hendricks, Hillyer, Horsford, Houston, John W.
Howe, Thomas T. How, Ingersoll, Ives, Jackson, Jenkins,
Andrew Johnson, James Johnson, John Johnson, Robert
W. Johnson, Daniel T.Jones, George VV. Jones, George
G. King, Preston King, Kuhns, Kurtz, Landry, Letcher,
Little, Mace, Martin, McLanahan, McNair, Meacham,
Meade, Miller, Millson, Miner, Molony, Henry D. Moore,
John Moore, Morehead, Murphy, Murray, Nabers, New-
Ion, Outlaw, Andrew Parker, Samuel W. Parker, Penn,
Penniman, Phelps, Porter, Preston, Price, Reed, Rich-
ardson, Robbins, Robie, Sabine, Sackett, Schermerhom,
Schoolcraft, Scndder, David L. Seymour, Origen S. Sey-
mour, Skelton, Smith, Snow, Stanly, Benjamin Stanton,
Alexander H. Stephens, Stone, Stratton, Strother, Suth-
erland, Taylor, Thurston, Toombs, Townshend, Tuck,
Vena We, Walbridge, Wallace, Walsh, Washburn, Wat-
kins, Welch, Wells, Addison White, Wilcex, Williams,
Woodward, and Yates—150.
So the rales were not suspended.
Mr. AYE RETT, who was without the bar
when his name was called, desired to record his
vote in the negative, but it was objected to.
8EEKONK RIVER.
Mr. KING, of Rhode Island. I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House to take up joint reso- j
lution from the Senate to correct an error in the
appropriation bill of last year which is thereby
rendered inoperative. I presume there will be no
objection. It is a resolution, No. 68, explanatory
of the appropriation for the improvement of tie
mouth of the Seekonk river, and the harbor of
Providence, Rhode Island. The effect of this bill
is simply to authorize the removal of other ob-
structions at a point where a rock was supposed to
be. It does not increase the appropriation at all.
The joint resolution was then taken up, read the
first and second time by its title, and ordered to a
third reading. It was then read a third time, ac-
cording to order, and passed.
Mr. KING moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was passed, and to lav the
motion to reconsider upon the table; which latter
motion was agreed to.
HARBOR OF CAPE VINCENT.
Mr. IVES. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested to
communicate to this House what survey, plan, estimate,
If any have been made, in reference to the harbor of Cape
Vincent, in New Tork, under the direction of the War De-
partment.
The question was then taken, and it was de-
cided in the affirmative.
The resolution was then agreed to.
CAPE FEAR RIVER.
Mr. ASHE. I hold in my hand resolutions
passed by the Legislature of North Carolina, which
1 desire to have read and printed. They ask an
appropriation for deepening the channel at the
mouth of Cape Pear river, with the request that
the same be laid before Congress.
The resolutions were then read by the Clerk.
Mr. ASHE. I move that they be laid upon the
table and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
BUSINESS ON THE SPEAKER'S TABLE.
Mr. FULLER, of Maine, asked the unanimous
consent of the House to offer the following reso-
lution:
I Resolved, That after this day, as soon as the Journal shall
have been read, the Speaker shall proceed to dispose of the
business upon his table; and when said business shall have
been disposed of, one hour of each succeeding day next sue -
ceeding the morning hour, and for so long a time as neces-
sary, shall be devoted exclusively to the disposition of the
business on the Speaker'* table during the remainder of the
session.
Mr. HOUSTON. I object.
Mr. PULLER. I move a suspension of the
rules for the purpose.
Mr. HALL. I should like the gentleman to
inform us as to the object of the resolution.
Mr. PULLER. It is to get at the business
upon the Speaker's table.
Mr. HALL. I would ask if it is not to get at
the French spoliation bill ?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If that resolution
is adopted, the appropriation bills cannot be passed
this session.
The question was then taken on the motion to
suspend the rules, and there were—ayes 73, noes
not counted.
Tellers weredemanded and ordered,and Messrs.
Cobb and Pol* were appointed.
• The question was then taken j and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 67, noes 65.
So (two thirds not voting in the affirmative) the
rules were not suspended.
SUPPRESSION OF SMALL NOTES.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 move that the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union be dis-
charged from the further consideration of House
1 bill No. 341, " to suppress the circulation of small
' notes as a^ currency in the District of Columbia,"
and that it be reported to the House with the
amendments that have been adopted in committee.
Mr. STUART. I desire to know whether the
gentleman from Alabama wishes to bring the bill
into the House and act upon it now.'
Mr. HOUSTON. Certainly; I propose to bring
it into the House for action.
Mr. STUART. Does the gentleman propose
that it shall be taken up now?
' Mr. HOUSTON. 1 make no proposition on
! the subject. I am quite willing that it shall
over until to-morrow.
Mr. SACKETT. The bill has not yet been
read through, and there are several amendments
to be offered to it. Is it in order to take the bill
out of the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union before all the amendments have been dis-
posed of?
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes that the
bill will come into the House with all the amend-
ments that have been adopted by the committee.'
' Mr. HOUSTON. Or that may be pending.
Mr. SACKETT. The bill has not been read
through in committee, and I desire to offer an
amendment to it.
Mr. HOUSTON. You can do it in the House,
when we get the bill here.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. If the bill comes
back into the House, on the motion of the gen-
tleman from Alabama, it will go upon the calen-
dar, just where it was before we referred it to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. HOUSTON. Oh, no. It is the special or-
der."
Mr. STEPHENS. The special order does not
reach the action of the House.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I suppose that
when it is reported to the House, it will still con-
tinue to be the special order until disposed of.
The SPEAKER. Yes, from day to day until
dispoMd of.
Mr. JONES. It is important that we should
go
begin to economize time, and if this bill is left in
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, it will probably consume the whole of this
week.
The SPEAKER: In order that there may be
no misunderstanding as to the effect of the vote of
the House, the Chair will state that he is inclined
to the opinion that if the uimple proposition of
the gentleman from Alabama was agreed to, the
bill would be reported to the House without anv
amendments.
Mr. HOUSTON. I moved expressly that it
be reported back with the amendments.
The SPEAKER. The Chair begs pardon of
the gentlemen; he did not so understand it.
Mr. TAYLOR. I ask for the yeas and nays
upon the motion of the gentleman from Alah.^,,
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Hous-
ton's motion, and it was agreed to. The bill was
accordingly reported back to the House with the
amendments adopted in committee.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I now move to
postpone the consideration of the special order
until to-morrow.
Mr. TAYLOR. I would inquire of the Speaker
if it is in order for me now to move a reconsider-
ation of the vote by which the bill was brought
into the House?
The SPEAKER. It would be a singular prac-
tice, to say the least of it.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Besides the gen-
tleman did not vote in the affirmative.
The SPEAKER. It would be competent for
the gentleman to move to recommit the bill to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union. '
That would be tantamount to a reconsideration of
the vote on the motion of the gentleman from Al-
abama.
Mr. TAYLOR. I wish merely to ask the
Chair, for my own information, because I think
this bill is forced upon us rather abruptly, whether
there will be any opportunity tooffer amendments
in the House?
The SPEAKER. The same rules govern in
the House as in committee, and amendments will
be in order, unless cut off by the previous ques-
tion, or by some other motion having that effect.
The question was then taken on Mr. Jones'*
| motion; and it was agreed to.
| The consideration of the special order was ac-
cordingly postponed until to-morrow.
| CLARK MILLS—STATUE OP JACK80N.
j Mr. POLK. I ask the unanimous consent of
; the House to offer the following joint resolution:
j Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives,
I That the Secretary of the Treasury be directed to pay tQ
; Clark Mills, out of any money in the Treasury not other-
' wise appropriated, dollars, as a compensation for the
; equestrian statue of Andrew Jackson, recently erected in
j Lafayette Square, in the city of Washington,
! Mr. JOHN W. HOWE. I object.
! Mr. POLK. Then I move to suspend the rules
to enable me to introduce the resolution.
Mr. JOHN W. HOWE. I call for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. POLK. I ask for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Pom,and
-Parker of Indiana, were appointed.
The question was then put, and the tellers re-
ported 60 in the affirmative.
A further count not being insisted on, the mo-
tion to suspend the rules was disagreed to.
Mr. POLK. I modify the resolution by filling
the blank with $15,000, and I now ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to introduce it.
Mr. GOODENOW. I object.
Mr. POLK. I only wish to have the resolution
referred, that it may be in the possession of the
House. I do not ask for a vote upon it at this
time. _ Bat gentlemen must understand that if they
insist in objecting, we must " fight the devil with
fire,"and object to all their bills. I move to sus-
pend the rules, and upon that motion I ask for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BELL. I wish to inquire whether the
blank in the resolution has been filled ?
The SPEAKER. It has been filled with
"415,000,"
Mr. POLK. The resolution will be in the pos*
session of the House, and the amount can be in-
creased or diminished as gentlemen may desire.
