i8sa.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
829
for a seat of justice; which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. BRODHEAD presented the memorial of
George J. Shoemaker and others, citizens of
Harrtsbtirg, Pennsylvania, praying a modification
of the bounty land law, which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. GEYER presented a memorial of the Le-
gislature of Missouri, in favor of a grant of land to ,
aid in the construction of the Canton and Bloom-
field railroad; which was referred to the Committee
on Pubtic Lands.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES. I
Mr. SHIELDS, from the Committee on Mili- 1
tary Affairs, to which were referred the following
bills, reported themback without amendment:
An act for the relief of Josiah P. Pilcher, late
a private in Company P, Kentucky regiment of
volunteers, in the war with Mexico.
A bill granting and reconveying the arsenal, in
die town of New Castle, in the State of Delaware,
to the trustees of said town, and their successors.
An act for the relief of the widow and orphan
children of Colonel William R. McKee, late of |
Lexington, Kentucky. !
Heal so,from the same committee, to which was -
referred the bill supplementary to an act entitled
" An act granting bounty lands to eertain officers
and soldiers engaged in the military service of the
United States," approved September 28, 1850,
asked to be diachai^ed from its further considera-
tion, and that it be referred to the Committee on
Public Lands; which was agreed to. j
He also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the petition of armorers and artisans em- j
ployed in the Armory at Harper's Ferry, reported j
thereon, and the petition was ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. BRODHEAD, from the Committee on
Claims, to which was referred the petition of
Nicholas M. lardella, praying compensation for
services performed in the Treasury Department,
submitted an adverse report thereon; which was
Ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the petition of A. W. Den ham, praying
extra compensation as superintendent of laborers,
daring the erection of the General Post Office,
submitted an adverse report thereon; which was
•rdered to be printed.
Mr. MALLORY, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to which was referred the memorial of
Samuel Miekum, reported a hill for his relief;
which was read, and passed to the second reading.
He also, from the came committee, to which
were referred the bills from the House of Repre-
sentative* for the relief of Jacob J. Storer, and for
the relief of Harlow Spalding, reported bade the
•aw, without amendment.
. Mr. BORLAND, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to which was referred the motion of Mr.
Ross, to print additional copies of the report of
the Secretary of State communicated to the Sen-
ate the 13th instant, reported thereon.
The Senate proceeded to consider die report,
and, in concurrence therewith, it was
Ordered, That there be printed, for the use of the Senate,
two tboflsud additional copies of the report of the Secre-
tary of Slate in relation to encroachments of Indians of
the United States on the territories of the Republic of
Mexico, cottmmiierted ISA January.
POST OFFICE COMMITTEE.. .
Mr. RUSK. By the death of our lamented
friend, Mr. Uphim, late a Senator from Vermont,
a vacancy has occurred in the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads. I move that the Pres-
ident of the Senate be authorized to fill that va-
cancy.
The motioa was agreed to, and Mr. Foot was
appointed.
MKNOMOITEB INDIANS.
Mr. SEBASTIAN, from the Committee oh In-
dian AiTaifs, reported the following resolution;
whiehwas considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Saeretary of the Interior communi-
cate to the Senate all the information on die in his Depart-
patii relation to the subject-matter contained in the Sen-
ate resolution of the 10th of January instant.
That resolution refers to the claims of the Me-
nomonee Indians.
bsvt's ventilator.
Mt. MANGUM. I offer the folkftelftg-watilu-
tion,and,as it is one of inquiry, I ask that it may
now be considered:
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs inquire
into the expediency of directing the Secretary of the Navy
to purchase from James P. Espy bis patent right for the i
conical ventilator; and also inquire into its value, and fix |
the amount which they deem reasonable and proper for the
purchase of the same, if, in their opinion, it is expedient to
purchase it.
The PRESIDENT. It requires unanimous
consent to consider the resolution at this time.
Mr. BRIGHT. Let it lie over. j
EQUESTRIAN STATUE OF WASHINGTON.
Mr. SHIELDS. The Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to which was referred the bill i
from the House of Representatives, entitled " An |
| act to er$ct at the capital of the nation an eques- j
j trian statue of Washington," has directed me to 1
report it back and recommend its passage, and to
ask for its consideration at this time. I trust there
will be no opposition to it.
There beingno objection, the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the bill.
It proposes to appropriate $50,000, to enable the
President of the United States to employ Clark
Mills to erect, in the city of Washington, a colossal
equestrian statue of George Washington, at such
place on the public grounds as may be designated
By the President.
Mr. SHIELDS. This bill has passed the
House of Representatives by a unanimous rote,
as I understand, and I take it for granted there
will be no objection to it in this body. Seventy
years ago, I understand from the honorable Sena-
tor from Michigan, [Mr. Ca s,] a resolution was
passed by Congress, unanimously, for the purpose
of having a statue of Washington,but it has never
been executed. This bill is to carry out that ob-
ject. I trust there will be no opposition to it.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a third
time, and passed.
CLARK MILLS.
Mr. BADGER, by unanimous consent, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a joint resolution
for the relief of Clark Mills; which was read twice
and referred to the Committee on Public Buildings,
it is as follows:
Whereas Clark Mills, the architect who executed the
equestrian statue of General Andrew Jackson, has, in the
prosecution of that great work, imivitably become involved
ia debt to a huge amount; and whereas the said statue has
been dedicated to the public, aud permanently placed upon
a public square in the city of Washington, where it will re-
main a perpetual honor to American genius and art:
Be it resolved 6y the Senate and Haute of Representa-
tives of the United States of Amtriea in (impress assem-
bled, That there be paid to Clark Mills, out of any money
in tne Treasury hot otherwise appropriated, the sum of
$-30,000.
BAIL OH MESNE PROCESS.
Mr. BADGER, by unanimous consent, asked
and obtained leave to introduce^ " a bill concern-
ing bail in civil causes in the District of Columbia;"
which was read a first time, and ordered to a sec-
ond reading.
By unanimous consent it was read a second
time. It proposes to enact, that from and after its
passage, no person shall be held to bail in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, in any action of debt, assumpsit,
or other action founded on, or arising out of any
contract or agreement, or in any suit or proceeding
in equity brought for enforcing the payment of
any debt, or any sums of money due, or claimed
to be due, arising out of any contract or agreement;
and that any person who is now imprisoned for
want of such bail, shall, on application to the cir-
cuit court of the District of Columbia during term
time, or to any judge thereof in its vacation, be
discharged, on filing a common appearance.
• Mi-. BADGER. I would tthk the Senate to put
this bill on its passage now, but my friend from
Illinois [Mr. Shields] suggests that it should be
referred. It is a bill simply to abolish all right to
demand bail on mesne process in actions of debt.
I will move its reference to the Committee on the
Judiciary.  
The PRESIDENT. It will be so referred, un.
'Tlr/'uWDERWOOD. I will second that mo-
tion; but I rise for the purpose of making a sug-
gestion. I have received a letter from a gentle-
man, a person with whom I am not acquainted,
who is now in jail here. He represents himself
to be an inhabitant of North Carolina, and he has
been arrested here for contracts probably not made
here. Now I want to state, that It has been the
practice for a long time to sue in the District of
Columbia citizens of the different States having
business with the Government here, and to obtain
judgment against them in this District, when there
is not one particle of property here out of which
one tithe of that judgment could be satisfied; and
the only effect of obtaining the judgment here is
to lay a foundation, upon which to take a copy of
the record, under that provision of the Constitu-
tion of the United States which makes the records
of any one State or Territory evidence in another,
and go to the State where the party lives and has
property, and where an execution could be levied
upon it, and another suit instituted and judgment
obtained against him. I desire to make this sug-
gestion to the committee which will have this mat-
ter under consideration. Can they not introduce
an amendment, and will it not be policv to amend
this bill in such a way as to preclude tne bringing
I of suits in this District against persons having
i business at the seat of Government, upon contracts
which they make in the States? If you can ex-
clude from the District this litigation, which can
sever be satisfied by executions here, you will
i prevent an immense amount of harassment to
citizens who visit the District for no other purpose
than to transact business with the Government.
And, sir, you will do another thing; you will
leave the contracts of the citizens to be tested by
the system of laws in the State where they were
made; and the lex loci enters into the consideration
, of the contract in nine cases out of ten. You will
' administer justice,according to that system, where
• the contract was made. I hope the committee will
j take these evils into consideration, and see whether
they cannot tear them up by the roots, and pro-
hibit the institution of suits here upon contracts
made in other States, when contractors only visit
die seat of Government to transact business with
the Government.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. President 
The PRESIDENT. The Chair would suggest,
that as the bill has been referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary, this discussion is out of order.
Mr. BUTLER. I thought that the question
pending, was on the motion to refer.
The PRESIDENT. The bill has been referred.
Mr. BUTLER. It is not my custom to speak
out of order, but I think some remarks ought to be
made to mingle with those that have already been
made; for I do not think the state of the law was
fairly put by the Senator from Kentucky.
COLONEL WILLIAM R. M*KEE.
On motion by Mr. BRODHEAD, the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill from the House of Representatives,
reported this morning from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, " for the relief of the widow and or-
phan children of Colonel William R. McKee, late
of Lexington, Kentucky." It proposes to direct
the Secretary of the Treasury to pay $1,200 to
Mrs. J. H. McKee, widow of Colonel William
R. McKee, for the use of herself and five orphan
children, it being in payment for a horse killed in
battle, and other property lost in Mexico, and par-
ticularly in consequence of Colonel McKee being
killed in the battle of Buena Vista, on the 23d of
February, 1847. It also proposes to direct that
there be granted to each of Colonel McKee's five
orphan children one quarter section of public land,
to be located upon any vacant United States land
where, and in such manner aa the President may
direct.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment,orderea to a third reading, read a third
time, and passed.
APPROPRIATION KILLS.
The PRESIDENT proceeded to take up the
resolutions on the table in their order, the first of
which was one offered by the Senator from Cal-
ifornia,'[Mr. Grwnt,] in reference to the prepara-
tion and reporting, by the Committee on Finance,
of the general appropriation bills.
On motion by Mr. GWIN, it was ordered that
it lie on the table.
REPUBLIC OT NICARAGUA.
The Senate .proceeded to consider the resolu-
tion offered by the Senator from Mississippi, [Mr.
Brooks,] on the 6th of January, in the following
words:
