330
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 18,
•' Resolred, Thai the President be requested, if in his :
opinion not inconsistent with the public interest, to com-
municate to tin? Senate the reasons which have induced
the T>e;Kirt:nent '! State to retuse to hold further official
intercourse with Sefior lion Jose de Marcoleta, Envoy Ex-
tr ll)ri;K:ar\ and Minister Plenipotentiary of the Republic of
Nicaragua near ttu> Government."
Mr. BROOKE. For reasons which it is not
necessary to state, I move that the resolution be
transferred to the Executive Journals. There
are reasons which render it proper that the reso-
lution should not be considered in open session.
Mr. HALE. As a matter of taste, it seems to
me that it would be better that the Senator should
ask unanimous leave to withdraw the resolution,
and then, if he thinks proper, he can offer it in
Executive session. I believe the motion which
he has now made is an unprecedented one.
Mr. BROOKE. As my object is to have the
resolution considered in Executive instead of open
session, I will pursue the course indicated by the
Senator from New Hampshire, and ask leave to
withdraw the resolution.
There bein^ no objection, leave was granted,
and the resolution was withdrawn.
FRENCH REVOLUTION.
The Senate proceeded to consider the following
resolution, presented by Mr. Mason on the 6th
instant:
" Resolved, That the President of the United States be
req'ie-ied <if in lii-= opinion not incompatible with the
public interest! to communicate to the Senate copies of
an) further corre;-pomlence that may have taken place be-
tween the Mini-ter of the United States at Paris and the
Department of Smtr, concerning the revolution m France
of December, 1851, since the correspondence of like char-
acter communicated by the President to both Houses of
Congress with his message of January 20, 1852."
Mr. MASON. The President of the United
States communicated, in January, 1852, the cor-
respondence which had been had between the De-
partment of State and our Minister at Paris, in
reference to the French revolution of 1851 up to
the time when that correspondence was sent in;
but I have reason to believe that there was addi-
tional correspondence after that period, which it ,
is desirable should be published, in order to com-
plete the history of the occasion. I hope, there- j
fore, that the Senate will now adopt this resolu- I
tion. ■ |
The resolution was agreed to. j
FUNERAL EXPENSES OF MR. UPHAM. !
Mr. FOOT offered the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That there be paid, under the direction of the
Committee to Auditand Control the Contingent Expenses of
the Senate, to Mrs. Sarah Upham, for the funeral expenses
oi the Hon. William L'pliam, a sum equal to that usually
expended in similar ca>es.
CLAIMS AGAINST HAYTI.
Mr. SOULE. I ask leave to introduce the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved, That the President be requested, if not incom-
patible with the public interest, to communicate to the
Senate all the information on file in the State Department
relative to the claims of American citizens against Hayti,
not embraced in the report on that subject heretofore made
by the Secrt tary of State, at the third session of the Twenty- !
seventh Congress; and also all the correspondence of the
epecial agent who was sent out m 1849, to examine and re-
port upon the condition of the Island of St. Domingo, in
reference to the said claims upon Hayti, or the various ap-
plications made by the Dominican Republic to the (iovern-
mentof the United States for the pacification of said Island.
Mr. President, when the information called for
by this resolution shall have been furnished, it
will complete whatever may be necessary for the
Senate to have, in order to investigate properly the >
matters connected with this Hayti business. I '
hope there will be no objection to its immediate
consideration, in order that we may obtain the in- |
formation in a short period. ]
The resolution was considered, by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
M'KEAN BUCHANAN.
Mr. HALE. I yesterday voted with the ma-
jority against the bill for the relief of Purser Mc-
Kean Buchanan. I entertain the same opinions
now as then with regard to its propriety; but I
have been requested by some of its friends, who
were not here when the vote was taken, to move a
reconsideration. I therefore move that the vote re-
jecting that bill be reconsidered, and that motion
can lie over until to-morrow.
The PRESIDENT. The motion will be en-
tered on the Journal.
RAILROAD TO THE PACIFIC. |
The PRESIDENT. The hour has arrived for
the consideration of the special order of the day,
which is the bill "authorizing the construction of
' a railroad and branches, for establishing a cer-
' tain postal communication between the shores
' of the Pacific and the Atlantic within the United
' States, for the protection and facilities of travel
' and commerce, and for the necessary defenses of
' the country," upon which the pending question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Missis-
sippi, [Mr. Brooke.]
Mr. BRODHEAD. I believe that to-day was
assigned, by common consent, for the consider-
ation of some points connected with our foreign
policy, more particularly the joint resolution of
the Senator from Michigan, " declaratory of the
'views of the United States respecting coloniza-
' tion on the North American continent by Euro-
' pean Powers, and respecting the Island of Cuba."
I move, therefore, that this bill be passed by, for
the purpose of proceeding to the consideration of
that resolution.
Mr. GWIN. I understand that the Senator
from Michigan desires to make some remarks on
that subject this morning, and that he will occupy
but a short time. Hence, although it is my de-
termination to press this bill, I am willing that it
shall be postponed until he makes his remarks,
with the understanding that the Senator from
Louisiana [Mr. Soule] will not proceed with his
remarks upon the same subject until next week.
1 should like to get through with this bill during
the week.
Mr. HALE. Before the bill is postponed, I
want the ear of its friends for a moment; and I
wish to suggest a question of order to the Presi-
dent. It seems to me that we have been proceed-
ing out of order in the consideration of this bill,
in entertaining at this time the amendment of the
Senator from Mississippi. I understand the par-
liamentary rule to be—and I know that it was so
when I was in the House—that a motion to strike
out the whole of a bill after the enacting clause
and substitute another, is not in order until the
original bill shall have been gone through with,
section by section. Then, and not before, it would
be in order to move to strike out the whole bill,
and amend it by offering a substitute. I recollect
perfectly well that that was the law administered
in the House when I was there, and I think it is
the law now; and if so, the amendment of theSen-
ator from Mississippi is not in order at this stage
of the proceedings.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator from New
Hampshire is certainly right, and according to the
parliamentary law, the amendment of the Senator
from Mississippi cannot be entertained at this stage,
unless by unanimous consent.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Before the question is ta-
ken on the motion, I beg to suggest to the Senator
from California, and to the other friends of the
Pacific railroad bill, whether, pending the debate
upon the resolution of the honorable Senator from
Michigan, it would not be well to refer the various
projects for a railroad to the Committee on Roads
and Canals to consider in the mean time.
Mr. GWIN. Oh, no.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I merely made the sugges-
tion. I shall not press it.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
SENATOR FROM INDIANA.
Mr. CATHCART presented the credentials of
the Hon. John Pettit, elected by the Legislature
of Indiana a Senator to serve in the Senate of the
United States for the unexpired term of the Hon.
James Whitcomb, deceased—until the 4th day of
March, 1855; which were read, and Mr. Pettit
being duly qualified, took his seat in the Senate.
VIEWS RESPECTING COLONIZATION.
The Senate then took up the joint resolution de-
claratory of the views of the United States re- '•
specting colonization on the North American con-
tinent by European Powers, and respecting the
Island of Cuba.
Mr. CASS addressed the Senate at great length.
Mr. BUTLER followed, taking the ground that
the Monroe doctrine in relation to colonization re-
lated exclusively to preventing the Spanish prov-
inces that had attained their independence from i
being again subjected to the mother country by
the interference of European Powers. j
Mr. HALE followed, expressing the opinion I
that Canada was of far more importance to the
United States, morally, socially, and commer-
cially, and its proximity to the United States more
dangerous, than the Island of Cuba.
Mr. MASON rose and moved that the further
consideration of the subject be postponed until to-
morrow, when Mr. M. will be entitled to the floor.
[For this debate see Appendix.]
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, January 18, 1853.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Rev. C. M. Butler.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER. .The first business in order
is the reception of reports from the Committee on
Elections.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Asbury Dickijjs, Esq., its Secretary, informing
the House of the passage by that body of the fol-
lowing bills:
An act to continue half pay to certain widows
and orphans; and
An act for the relief of Philo Smith.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. HENN, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as correctly enrolled the following
bills and joint resolutions; which received the sig-
nature of the Speaker, viz:
A resolution to surrender the site of the Old
Oglethorpe barracks to the City Council of Savan-
nah, Georgia:
An act for the relief of Elizabeth Armistead;
An act for the relief of Mrs. E. A. McNeil,
widow of General John McNeil, deceased; and
A resolution explanatory of the appropriation
for the improvement of the Seekonk river and the
harbor of Providence, Rhode Island.
Mr. COBB. Mr. Speaker, I desire the atten-
tion of the House for a few minutes.
Mr. FICKJ-JN. I rise to inquire if the special
order (being the bill to prevent the circulation of
small notes) does not take precedence of all other
business ?
Mr. COBB. If the gentleman will allow me, I
desire to take up a bill which 1 am sure he will
not object to.
The SPEAKER. In reply to the interrogatory
of the gentleman from Illinois, the Chair will state
that the special order will take precedence of all
other business after the expiration of the morning
hour.
HALF PAY TO WIDOWS AND ORPHANS.
Mr. COBB. The object I had in seeking the
floor at this time, was to invite the attention of the
House to a bill just returned from the Senate,
which was passed by this House, and sent there
on yesterday. It is a bill to provide for widows
and orphans. The Senate has agreed to our
amendments to the bill, but has attached another
to it, providing for the widows and orphans of the
soldiers of the war of the Revolution. I ask that
the amendments maybe read; and if it be the
pleasure of the House, that they may be concurred
in, and the bill be thus finally disposed of. I move
to concur in the amendments of the Senate.
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. I rise to a question
of order, and call for the enforcement of the 27th
rule.
Mr. STANLY. I appeal to gentlemen to allow
the Speaker to go on with the call of committees
for reports.
The SPEAKER. Does the Chair understand
the gentleman from Maine as objecting to the re-
quest of the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr.
Cobb ?]
Mr. FULLER. I will state to the gentleman
from Alabama, that under the 27th rule, as soon
as the morning hour shall have expired, the sec-
ond section of the business regularly in order, will
be the disposition of messages from the Senate,
and amendments proposed by the Senate to bills
of the House. I ask, therefore, for the regular
order of business, and then the gentleman's bill
will come up in its regular order.
Mr. COBB. I am aware that I can only have
the bill taken up by unanimous consent, but I hope
no gentleman will object.
Mr. FULLER. I do object.
JOHN TALIAFERRO.
The SPEAKER. The business now in order
