1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
831
is the reception of reports from committees. The
question pending, if it be called up, is the mo-
tion to reconsider the vote by which the resolution
for the benefit of Mr. Taliaferro was laid upon the
toMr. JONES, of Tennessee. Will not the spe-
cial order take precedence of that motion ?
The SPEAKER. Not until after the expira-
tion of the morning hour. That has been the
practice of the House.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. At what time
will it be in order to move to go to the business
on the Speaker's table? . ,
The SPEAKER. After the morning hour has
been consumed, unless superseded by the special
order made on yesterday.
Mr. FLORENCE. If the House does not go
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union before the morning hour expires, will it
not, at that period of time, be competent for a ma-
jority of the House to proceed to the business upon
the Speaker's table?
The SPEAKER. It will be in order to make
that motion, unless some special order should in-
tervene; and if the House does not proceed to the
consideration of the special order, it will then be
in the power of a majority to go to the business
upon the Speaker's table. The question is now
upon the motion to reconsider, upon which the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Davis] is
entitled to the floor.
Mr. DAVIS. I suppose that motion can be
called up at any time.
The SPEAKER. It does not come up now,
unless called up.
Mr. DAVIS. I prefer to call it up at some other
time.
Mr. McLANAHAN. I ask if the first busi-
ness in order is not upon the application of Mr.
Ingersoll for his per diem and mileage in contest-
ing with Mr. Naylor his right to a seat in this
body ? I think that matter comes up first, and
upon which I demand the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. A motion was made to lay
the resolution to which the gentleman refers upon
the table, upon which the yeas and nays had been
demanded. There being, however, no motion
entered to refer, nor any other motion by which
the resolution would be kept before the House, it
must necessarily go to the Speaker's table.
Mr. STUART. I rise to a privileged question.
I call op the motion to reconsider the vote reject-
fag the resolution in the Taliaferro case, and move
to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
Mr. STANLY. That motion came up and
went over. I submit that the gentleman cannot
now call it up.
The SPEAKER. It is in the power of any
member to call the motion up at any time, and it
is a highly-privileged question. If the gentleman
from Michigan calls up the motion, however, the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Davis] will
be entitled to the floor.
Mr. STANLY. I hope the gentleman from
Michigan will not take the floor in such a summary
way from the gentleman from Massachusetts.
Mr. STUART. I certainly would not take the
floor from the gentleman, if he desires to occupy
it at this time. But, sir, I do object to these mo-
tions to reconsider lying over to suit the conveni-
ence of any one.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to the
gentleman from Michigan, that it is not irt his
power to deprive the gentleman from Massachu-
setts of the floor. He may call up the motion to
reconsider whenever he pleases; but whenever it
comes up, the gentleman from Massachusetts will,
according to the practice of the House, be entitled
to the floor.
Mr. STUART. That is precisely what I was
going to say. If it would deprive the gentleman
of the floor, I would not call up the motion now^
I have no such desire. I feel, however, that it is
my duty to insist upon the disposition of this
question now.
The SPEAKER. Then the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Davis] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. I had not in-
tended to have pursued the consideration of this
question this morning, if it had not been called up
by the gentleman from Michigan, [Mr. Stuart.]
My object in moving the reconsideration of the
vote by which this bill was rejected, was, because
I thought the subject had not been fully understood
' by the House. 1 was satisfied that those who
voted against the allowance of the claim, did not
understand that this case rested upon the same
principle with others which have been allowed ,
during the present Congress—upon a principle
which has been repeatedly established by this
House. The House will recollect that the report
states—and it is an undisputed fact—that in the
session of 1812 or "13, Mr. Taliaferro was an appli-
cant for a seat upon this floor; that he obtained
two successive reports of committees in his favor,
and that the facts upon which these reports were
founded were the same as those upon which, two
years previously, he had been declared to be enti- j
I tied to his seat.
| The very fact that two years before, upon pre-
cisely the same state of facts, he was declared
entitled to his seat, constituted, certainly, an ex- i
cellent reason why he should again contest the |
seat before the House, based upon a_ similar state
of facts. Now, sir, there is no distinction to be
drawn between this case, which was rejected by
the House, and other cases which the House have
acted favorably upon. Take the case of Mr.
Wright, for instance. The House declared Mr.
Wright entitled to his per diem and mileage, yet
there is nothing to distinguish this claim, in regard
to fact and principle, from that of Mr. Wright,
except that of lapse of time, and that is entirely
unimportant. I believe it has been the unanimous
practice of the House to allow per diem and. mile-
age to contestants, under circumstances similar to
the one before the House, yet here is a claim that
has never been paid.
But, Mr. Speaker, I do not desire to occupy the
time of the Hou-e. I hope that the further inves-
 , tigation which I believe has been made by some
members, into this case, will be sufficient to induce
the House to reconsider this vote.
Mr. STANLY. 1 beg pardon of the House for
saying a few words in regard to this case. I am
satisfied that when the House knows the facts of
the case distinctly, there wilt be but few members
to vote against it. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Davis] correctly states, that there is
no difference between this case and others which ,
have been passed duringthe present session. The
House have decided in favor of the case of Mr.
Littell,and in favor of that of Mr. Wright. I voted
for both of these claims, upon the principle that
when a man comes here honestly to contend for a
seat upon this floor, he is not contending for his
personal rights merely, but for the rights of the
Seople whom he represent. Now, it appears
lr. Taliaferro did that in good faith, as did the f
; other gentlemen to whom we have voted compen-
1 sation the present session; atld the House has
refused to allow him his per diem and mileage for
no other reason than,as the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts says, because a long time has elapsed
since the transaction occurred. Now, why was
this long delay? When Mr. Taliaferro came here
to claim his seat, he was a man of fortune, and
felt a delicacy in bringing forward his claim. He
therefore postponed it until stern necessity made
it his duty to come forward and ask the House to
do him justice. Now, I say that the course taken
by him leaves him, if anything, higher in my es-
timation than if he had come forward and claimed
his compensation at the time it should have been
paid him. A man honored with the confidence of
Madison and Monroe—now almost an octoge-
narian—a gentleman who felt that delicacy which
Mr. Taliaferro did in bringing forward a matter
in which he himself was concerned, it does away
with all idea that there is anything wrong in it on
account of the length of lime which has transpired
since the contest.
Mr. SACKETT. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him whether this is the case which was
investigated by two committees, each of which re-
ported in favor of the right of the claimant ?
Mr. DAVIS. This is the case. -*
Mr. STA NL Y. I understand so from the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts.
Mr. NEWTON. As remarked by the gentle-
man from North Carolina, [Mr. Stanlt,] it does
appear to me, if the House would bestow upon
thus case a few moments' consideration, there could
be but bne opinion upon its merits.
The case already disposed of gives him only
$194, and upon the same ground of contest, as in
the present case, and the additional one, that the
law of Virginia prescribing the manner of con-
ducting such elections, directs " that the clerk of
the polls shall enter in distinct columns under the
name of the persons voted for, the name of each
elector voting for such person." The additional
ground of contest was, that this requirement was
not observed. The first ground was, that forty
illegal votes had been given against the contestant,
and in favor of the sitting member, which number
was greater than the majority by which the sit-
ting member was returned. The law of Virginia
requires each voter to be possessed of a freehold
interest of a certain amount at least six months
before casting his vote. These forty voters were
not such freeholders.
In the first contest, in 1811, the committee found
the fact alleged by Mr. Taliaferro as true, and
gave him his seat, and we have given him his
per diem, at six dollars a day, and mileage,
amounting to $194. This sum,by our own show-
ing, was his due, and has been in the hands of the
Treasury for over forty years; honestly due Mr.
Taliaferro all that period. It is true he did not
call for it. He was then a member, and in good
circumstances; and from delicacy and absence of
necessity, did not call; by which we had the use
of it during that period. By the use of this sum
for this long period, we, in strict legal justice and
honor, owe him, instead of $194, about $700; and
this strictly and justly as any debt is due from
one individual to another.
Now, when he presents another contested case
with the same man, and for the next Congress,
(the Thirteenth,) and for the same reason, and an
additional one—when poor, penniless, and unin-
fluential, and nearly ninety years of age—you
.turn him off with this pitiable sum, solely upon
the ground that he was denied his seat, after
two reports in his favor, upon a strict party vote
of only four majority against him. This is the
justice he receives; while to another, (Mr. Wright,)
only a few days since, with a weaker case, and
with only a majority report in his favor, and a
minority against him, and his seat denied him by
this House by a large majority, you give hirfi his
per diem and mileage, amounting to nearly $3,000.
The ground for payingthe contesting member is
not placed upon his success. The case of Wright
expressly contradicts that. Then, on what ground
does it turn? None at all—a mere accident—a
mere whim;—in favor of him who can beg the best;
that has the most influence, and can command the
most votes.
The ground ought to be: Is the case an honest
one? Is there probable cause, reasonable ground
to expect success ?
With this view, and with this case, with great
force can it be said a man can strive to preserve
the purity of the elective franchise, by vindicating
his rights and the supremacy of the law. In every
case of a contested election, during the whole his-
tory of our Government, whether successful or
not, with the single exception of Mr. Ingersoll,
of Philadelphia, has the contestant been paid his
wages. We have a discretion over the subject, 1
know; but may I not ask—with all deference to
! the opinion of any member of this House—should
not that discretion be a sound and discriminating
one; not accidental and casual ? If we are to change
our policy and practice, should it be in a case so
peculiarly meritorious and striking, analogous to
the large class of successful applications? If
Wright, who is now a member elect of Congress,
with all his wealth, influence, power, and place,
shall be rewarded, and Taliaferro, who has re-
lieved as much or more individual suffering and
want than any other living man in America, tan-
talized and rejected, well may it be said, "The
race is to the swift, and the battle to the strong."
I cannot longer trespass upon the time of my
friend, who has so kindly yielded the floor for a
moment. I hope the case will be reconsidered.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to make a
single inquiry. Is it or is it not the opinion of
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Newton,] that it
would be right for the House which decided the
contest,to determine whether the contestant should
be paid or not? They had all the facts before
them, and if they did not "pay him, I do not think
that a House, which comes here forty years after-
wards, should take up the case and pay the con-
testant, on the ground of sympathy towards, or
regard for, the man, because he has become poor.
Mr. NEWTON. I will answer the gentleman's
question. The House was not called upon to pay
