1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
335
the question of order upon which his appeal is
based does not now arise, a quorum being pres-
ent.
Mr. STEPHENS. I suppose if I was to ap-
peal from that decision, the Chair would decide
that that was not allowable either.
TheSPEAKER. The gentleman certainly has
a right to appeal, and the House • right to over-
rule the decision of the Chair.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would ask the
Chair how this question ever can be settled, if not
in this way ? The question can only be raised
and an appeal taken when there is no quorum j
present; and if the appeal is superseded when it
w ascertained that there is a quorum present, why
it never can be determined.
The SPEAKER. Is it the unanimous consent
of the House that a vote be taken on the appeal
of the gentleman from Georgia ?
[Cries of " Object!"]
Mr. JOKES. We do not want unanimous
consent.
The SPEAKER. It is objected to, and there-
fore cannot be put.
Mr. STEPHENS. Then I appeal from the
decision of the Chair that I cannot have a vote on
the appeal. I make this point, that f have a right
to have the question of order, raised when there
was not a quorum present, decided when there is
a quorum present; and if the Chair holds the con-
trary opinion, I shall appeal from his decision.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does hold the
contrary opinion.
Mr. STEPHEN'S. Then I appeal.
Mr. CARTTER. • I move that the appeal be
hid upon the table, that we may have this matter
ended.
The SPEAKER. Upon a division of the House
on an amendment to a bill, it was ascertained that
there was no quorum present. The Chair an*
nounced that fact; upon which, the gentleman
from Georgia [Mr. Stephens] rose in his place,
and demanded that the vote be taken by yeas and
nays. The Chair decided that it was not compe-
tent for the House to pass upon the amendment
or upon the bill with less than a quorum present.
That was the decision of the Chair. The gentle-
man from Georgia insisted on bis right to call for
the yeas and nays, notwithstanding it was ascer-
tained in a legitimate form—a form as legitimate
as the yeas and nays themselves—and announced
from the chair, that there was no quorum pres-
ent. The gentleman from Georgia appealed from
the decision of the Chair. A motion was made
to adjourn, and on the vote upon that motion a
quorum appeared. The question then recurred
upon the amendment to the bill. The Chair now
decides that it is competent for the gentleman to
demand and for the House to order,the yeas and
nays, there bong a quorum present to do this de-
scription of business. The gentleman from Geor-
gia insists that he has a right to have a principle—
a constitutional principle—decided, which can have
no bearing upon the bill, or upon the action of the
House in relation to it. The Chair decides that
he has a right to demand the yeas and nays on the
amendment, under the ehange of circumstances,
and from that decision the gentleman takes an
appeal.
Mr. STEPHENS. Will the Chair allow
me 
* The SPEAKER. The Chair hopes he has
stated the case fairly.
Mr. STEPHENS. I wish to correct the Chair
in one particular. My object is not to have a con-
stitutional principle settled, but to have a point of
order settled—to see whether onefifth of less than
a quorum have or have.not a right to order the
yeas and nays on any question.
TheSPEAKER. TheChairhas no doubtthat
they have the right on any question which it is
legitimate for less than a quorum to pass upon.
A Membbr. Upon an adjournment, for in-
stance.
The SPEAKER. Certainly; if there are but
15 members present, the yeas and nays may be
ordered upon an adjournment or upon a call of
the House. The gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Cartter] moves to lay the appeal upon the table, i
Mr. STEPHENS, Upon that motion 1 call
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. STEPHENS. I ask for tellers.
Teller* were not ordered.
The question was then put, and, on a division,
there were—ayes 91, noes 11; no quorum voting.
Mr. HALL. 1 call for the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. They have already been re-
fused.
Mr. DEAN. I move that there be a call of the
House.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in order,
for the obvious reason that the previous question ,
is pending. j
Mr. GORMAN. I would inquire of the Chair .
if I have not a right to call upon the Chair to re-
quire members to vote?
The SPEAKER. It would be impossible for
the Chair to do more than he has done. 1
Mr. GORMAN. If I have the right, I will
name gentlemen who have not voted, and insist
upon their voting.
The SPEAKER. It will Be for the House to
determine what they will do with refractory mem-
bers, if there be any.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I will relieve the
gentleman from Indiana from the necessity of
naming me. I did not vote.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi. Nor did I.
Mr. GORMAN. I ask if I have a right to in-
sist that all the members in the House shall vote ?
Mr. RICHARDSON. I rise to a question of
order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from In-
diana is already upon the floor to a question of
order.
Mr. GORMAN. I ask the Chair if I have a
right to designate the gentlemen who refuse to vote,,
in order that there may be no quorum ?
Mr. HALL. I suppose every gentleman pos- !
sesses the right, so far as he is himself concerned,
and I did not vote, for one.
The SPEAKER. The rules of the House re-
quire every gentleman to vole. It is not, however,
for the Chair to coerce gentlemen to vote who de-
cline doing so. It is for the House to determine
\ what course shall be pursued in reference to those
j members who refuse to vote.
Mr. MEADE. I would ask the Speaker if it is
not competent for the Presiding Officer of this
I House to take any means that he may deem ex-
1 pedient to ascertain whether there is a quorum
present or not ? It seems, from the various votes
taken in this House, that a quorum has appeared,
and that immediately afterwards no quorum has
' voted upon a proposition. It is, however, evident
to every person in the House, as well as to the
Speaker, that there is a quorum present. Now,
I if that quorum does not manifest itself by a vote,
| and gentlemen obstinately refuse to vote jjpon
propositions, has not the Speaker a right to ascer-
tain, in a mode which does not depend upon the
House, whether there be a quorum present or not,
and having ascertained that fact, to announce to
the House that there is a quorum present, and
then take the necessary means to force members
to give their votes ?
Mr, STEPHENS. I wish to say one word
upon that point, if the Chair will allow me. I
j wish to show the importance of establishing the
' principle which I asserted, and for which I took
an appeal from the decision of the Chair The
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Gorman] asks the
! Chair to make members vote. How can you do
it? It is when they refuse to vote—when they do
not rise and will not divide—that one fifth of those
present have a right to make them vote. How
can you doit? Wny, call their names, and if they
do not answer to them, subject them to .the pun-
ishments of the House.
TheSPEAKER. The Chair would decide that
even in that case, one fifth of those present might
order the yeas and nays.
Mr. STEPHENS. Might order them ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has already ap-
pealed to the House, by unanimous consent, to
take a vote on the gentleman's appeal. The Chair
1 is quite sure that he has not such a strong feeling
upon this subject as other gentlemen seem to have.
He has no such feeling in the world. The Chair
is exceedingly anxious that the House shall again
settle this question, which was settled by a vote
i of the House last session. The Chair is willing
: that it should be settled every day. He has no
pride of opinion in regard to it. He appealed to
the House to allow the question to be taken upon
the appeal of the gentleman, but it was objected
to. The Chair now earnestly hopes, for the pur-
pose of relieving the House, if it be possible, from
all difficulty upon the subject, the House will, by
unanimous consent, take the question upon the
original appeal of the gentleman from Georgia. If
there be no objection, the Chair will put the ques-
tion upon the appeal, which will settle all differ-
ence of opinion between the Chair and the gentle-
man.
Mr. CARTTER. I object.
Mr. BURT. I rise to a point of order.
Mr. MEADE. I have not yet yielded the floor.
Mr. BURT. My point of order is, that there is
no motion before the House.
Mr. MEADE. I insist upon my right to the
floor.
TheSPEAKER. There is no motion before
the House, and the gentleman from Virginia can-
not, therefore, retain the floor.
Mr. MEADE. I submit that the question of
order is the business before the House. I was en-
titled to the floor, and yielded it temporarily to the
gentleman from Georgia.
TheSPEAKER. Thereis no proposition which
is debatable, in the opinion of the Chair, before
the House.
Mr. STUART. I rise to aprivileged question.
I move that the House do now adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Meade] claims to be upon the floor,
which question must first be settled.
Mr. MEADE. I move that the Speaker pro-
ceed to ascertain, by the assistance of the Ser-
geant-at-Arms, whether there be a quorum present
or not.
Several Members. That is not in order.
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman refer
the Chair to any rule which authorizes, much less
requires, the Speaker to pursue any such course
as that intimated by him ?
Mr. MEADE. Then I move there be a call of
the House. -
The SPEAKER. The previous question hav-
ing been ordered, by an express rule of the House,
it ls'not competent for any gentleman to make that
motion.
Mr. HOUSTON. The Chair has already de-
cided that question three or four times to-day.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will read the rule
to which he refers. It says:
"On motion for the previous question, and prior to the
seconding of the same, a call of the House shall be in or- '
der; but after a majority shall have seconded such motion,
no call shall be in order prior to a decision of the main
question."
The Chair therefore decides that no motion is
in order, except a motion to adjourn.
Mr. HART. I make that motion.
Mr. STRATTON. I call for the yeas and nays
upon that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken, and the result
Was—yeas 31, nays 192; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Abercrnmbie, Beale, Brenton, George
H. Brown, Busby, Cottman, Cullom, Dockery, Eastman,
Ewing, Gorman, Hart, Haven. James Johnson, Robert
W. Johnson, Kurtz, Letcher, Mann, Martin, McMulhn,
Meachatn, Morehead, Richardson, Kiddle, Scurry, Richard
H. Stanton, St. Martin, Toombs, Venable, Walsh, and
Ward—31.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Willis Allen, Allison, William
Appleton, Averett, Babcock, Thomas H. Bayly, Barrere,
Bartlett, Bell, Bennett, Bibighaus, Bowie, Briggs, Albert
G. Brown, Burrows, Burt, Caldwell, Thompson Campbell,
Caskie, Chapman, Chastain, Clark, Oiemens, Clingman,
Cobb, Darby, John G. Davis, Dawson, Dean, Dimmick,
Doty,Dunham, Durkee, Edgerton, Evans, Fay, Ficklin,
Florence, Freeman, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Gamble, Gay-
lordjGilmore, Green, Grey, Hall, Hammond, Harper, Isham
G. Harris, Haws, Hascall, Hendricks, Henn, Hibbard,
Horsford, Houston, Howard, John W. Howe, Thomas Y.
How, Ingersoll, I vea, Jackson, Andrew Johnson, George
W. Jones, George G. King, Preston King, Landry, Little,
Lockhart, McLanahan, McVair, Meade, Miller, Millson,
Miner, Molony, Henry D. Moore, John Moore, Murphy,
Murray, Nabers, Newton, Olds, Orr, Outlaw, Andrew
Parker, Samuel W. Parker, Peaslee, Penn, Penniman,
Phelps, Polk, Porter, Reed, Robbins, Robie, Robinson,
Ross, Russell, Savage, Sclierqierhorn, Schoolcraft, Origen
S. Seymour, Skelton, Smith, Stanly, Benjamin Stanton,
Stratum, Strother, Stuart, Sutherland, Sweetser, Taylor,
Thurston, Townshend, Tuck, Walbridge.Watkins, Welch,
Wells, and Wildrick—1-22.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. GOODENOW, who was without the bar
when his name was called, asked leave to vote,
but objection was made.
The question then recurred upon the motioirto
lay the appeal of the gentleman from Georgia
[Mr. Stephens] upon the table, and being taken,
upon a division there were—ayes 96, noea 23.
