336
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 18.
So the appeal was laid upon the tabic.
The question then recurred upon the adoption
of the amendment to the first section of the bill.
Mr. CARTTER. I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and being
taken, the result was—yeas 121, nays 21; as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Charles Allen, Willis Allen, Al-
lison, William Appleton, Babcock, Thomas H. Bayly, Bar-
rere, Bartlett, Beale, Bibighaus, Bowie, Brenton, Burrows,
Burt, Bushy, Joseph Cable, Caldwell, Thompson Camp-
bell, Caskie, Chandler, Chapman, Chasuin, Clark, Cobb,
Cottman, Curtis, Darby, GeoigeT. Davis, John G. Davis,
Dawson, Dean, Dimmick, Disney, Dockery, Dotjr, East-
man, Edgerton, Edmuodson, Evans, Faulkner, Fay, Flor-
ence, Freeman, Gamble, Giddings, Gilniore, Goodenow,
Gorman, Green, Grey, Harper, Isham G. Harris Hart,
Haws, Hendricks, Horsford, Houston, Howard, Jobs W.
Howe, Thomas Y. How, Ingersoll, Jackson, James John-
son, George G. King,Little, Lockhart, Mann, Mason, Mc-
Lanahan, McMullin^MeNair, Meade, Miller, Millsnn, Hen-
ry 0. Moore, John Moore, Morehead, Murphy, Murray,
Nabers, Newton, Olds, Outlaw, Andrew Parker, Samuel
W. Parker, Penn, Penniman, Polk, Porter, Reed, Riddle,
Kobie, Ross, Russell, Sackett, Savage, Schermerhom,
Schoolcraft, David L. Seymour, Origen 8. Seymour, Skel-
ton, Smith, Snow, Stanly, Benjamin Ftantoa, Stratton,
Stuart, Taylor, Thurston, Townshend, Tuck, Walbridge,
Walsh, Washburn, Watkins, Welch, Wells, Wilcox, Wil-
drick, and Woodward—121.
NAYS—Messrs. Abererombie, Averett, Briggs, Albert
G. Brown, Lewis D. Campbell, Camer, Clemens, Cling-
man, Dunham, Dnrkee, Ficklin, Thomas J. D. Fuller,
Hall, nammond, Haven, Hfnn, Daniel T. Jones, George
W. Jones, Preston King, Martin, Molony, Orr, Peaslee,
Phelps, Bobbins, Scurry, St. Martin, Sutherland, Sweetser,
Toombs, and Ward—31.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SWEETSER. Is it in order to move to
reconsider the vote by which the previous ques-
tion was ordered ?
- The SPEAKER. It is in order; but in order
to reach the vote by which the previous question
was ordered, the House would first have to recon-
sider the vote just taken,by which the amendment
to the bill was adopted.
Mr. SWEETSER. Well, sir, as the previous
question has beeR forced upon us, without giving
an opportunity to perfect the bill, I move to lay
the whole subject upon the table.
Mr. MEADE. I move that the Housedo now
adjourn.
The motion was net agreed to.
The question was then taken, and (he House
refused to lay the bill upon the table.
[A message in writing was hare received fWrm
• * the President of the United States, by Mri-LAJiO
P. Fillmore, Esq., his Private Secretary.]
Mr. HALL. 1 rise to a privileged question.
I move to reconsider the vote by which the amend-
ment was adopted, and to lay the motion to recon-
sider upon the table.
The question was taken, and the latter motion
was agreed to.
Mr. MILLSON. I move that the House do
now adjoum.
The question was put, and the motion was not
agreed to.
The next amendment reported from the com-
mittee was to insert in the proviso to the second
section the word " so," before the word " had,"
mo that it would read as follows:
Provided, That for each and every day, or part of a day,
during which said banking-house, broker's office, or other
office, room, or place of business, shall be (so) had, main-
tained, or kept, every person and every member, officer, or
agent, as aforesaid, so offending as aforesaid, shall be
deemed guilty of a distinct and separate offense, and sub-
ject to the penalties aforesaid.
The question was put, and the amendment was
agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out in the
third section the words in italics.
The section was read, as follows:
" Sec. 3. be it further enacted, That If any person,
or any association, partnership, or company of irvdivlduaU,
or any body-politic or corporate, whether within or Without
the District of Columbia, shall make, emit, Issue, utter
sign, draw, or indorse any bill of credit, bank note, promis?
sory note, bill of exchange, order, ticket, or any other in-
strument of writing, obligation, promise, contract, or agree
ment, for the payment or delivery of anything other than
•money, not in a tat amount, nor of a denomination lest
■than five doUart, to be used as a circulating medium in
this District, every such bill of credit, bank note, promissorv
no e? bill of exchange, order, ticket, other iostrnment of
writing, promise, contract, or agreement, ^ t*. deemed
and taken to be made payable In money at the bktikinr-
house, broker's office, or other office, Mem, or nhee of
business, at or from which the same shall be made, emit-
ted, issued, uttered, signed, drawn, or indorsed as aforesaid •
and whether such bill of credit, bank note, promissory note*
•till of exchange, order, ticket, other instrument of writing'
.obligation, promise, contract, or agreement, purport to be
made payable in money or in the obligations of any hank or
of any association, partnership, or company of individuals,
or of any body-politic or corporate, or of any fcidividual, it
shall be deemed and taken to be made payable in money by
the person, association, partnership, or company of indi-
viduals, body-potitic or corporate, making, emitting, issuing,
uttering, signing, drawing, or indorsing the same; and in
default of payment of any such bill of credit, bank note,
promissory note, bill of exchange, order, ticket, other in-
strument of writing, obligation, promise, contract, oragree-
i ment as aforesaid, at the banking-house, broker's office, or
I other office, room, or place of business, at or from which
; the same shall be made, emitted, issued, uttered, signed,
drawn,orindorsed as aforesaid, or in default of payment by
the person, association, partnership, or company of indi-
viduate, body.politic or corporate, making, emitting, issu-
ing, uttering, signing, drawing, or indorsing the same,
whenever and wherever demanded, then the amount thereof
shall l>e recoverable by action of debt before any justice of
the peace in the District of Columbia; and in any case in
which the bolder of such bill of credit, bank note, promis-
sory note, bill of exchange, order, ticket, other instrument
of writing, promise, contract, or agreement, shall make
affidavit before any justice of the peace as aforesaid that
the same has been presented for payment as aforesaid, and
that payment thereof has been refused, and that the same is
still due and unpaid, and shall file the same in the office of
the said justice, it shall be the duty of the said justice to
issue his warrant for the arrest if the person or persons, or
any of them, concerned in or assenting to the making, emit-
ting, issuing, uttering, signing, drawing, or indorsing of ihe
same; and such person or persons shall not be discharged
from such arrest until the debt and costs are paid, or se-
cured to be paid."
Mr. MILLSON. I desire to know if there was
not a motion made to strike out that section ?
The SPEAKER. That motion has not been
made in the House at all. The gentleman will
recollect tha* the previous question was moved as
soon as the bill came into the House, cutting off
all amendments.
> Mr. STUART. What effect does the reading
of the bill by sections have ? This third section
proposes to punish individuals, associations, and
others who are out of the District.
The SPEAKER. The only votes to be taken
are, first, upon the amendments proposed by the
committee; and next, upon ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time.
The fourth section was then read by the Clerk.
Mr. SACKETT. Are there any other amend-
ments proposed to the other sections of the bill ?
The SPEAKER. There are none.
Mr. SACKETT. If there are none, tnay we
not as weH dispense with the reading of the re-
mainder of the bill ?
The SPEAKER. It can be done only by unan-
imous consent.
Mr. STUART. I object. I hope the House
will listen to the bill, and if they do, they will
never pass this fifth section.
Mr. FICKLIN. 1 call the gentleman to order.
The fifth section was then read.
Mr. TAYLOR. \ ask that a separate vote lie
taken upon that section.
The SPEAKER. It cannot be had. The Chair
repeats that the only votes which can, under the
operation of the previous question, be taken, are,
first, upon the amendments reported by the com-
mittee, and then upon the engrossment and pas-
sage of the bill.
Mr. JOHN W. HOWE. I desire to know
if this act does not apply to omnibus tickets?
[Laughter.]
The Clerk then read the sixth, seventh, eighth,
ninth, and tenth sections of the bill.
Mr. JOHN W. HOWE. I now move to lay
the bill upon the table.
Mr. STUART. I move that the House Ad-
journ.
The question was taken upon the latter motion,
and it was not agreed to.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The question is upon laying
the bilhjpon the table.
Mr. SACKETT. Upon that motion I demand
tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Faulkner
And Gatlord appointed.
The question was taken, and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 27, noes not counted.
So the House refused to lay the bill upon the
table.
The question then recurred upon ordering the
bill to be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. WASHBURN, I calt for the yeas and
nays upon that question.
. Mr. CAMPBELL* of <Ohk>, I move that the
JSmtse-do now adjourn.
The question was token upon the motion to ad-
joum, and it was not agreed to. I
The House was then divided upon the demand
for the yeas and nays, and they were not ordered
—seventeen only voting in the affirmative.
Mr. ALLISON. I ask for tellers on ordering
the bill to be engrossed and read a third time.
Tellers weretoot ordered.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time, and having been engrossed, it
was read a third time.
Mr. JOHN W. HOWE. 1 move that the
House do now adjourn.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move the previous question
upon thepassageof the bill.
Mr. STUART. I rise to a privileged question.
I move to reconsider the vote just taken, ordering
the bill to be engrossed and read a third lime.
The SPEAKER. The mo:ion will be entered.
The question is upon the motion to adjourn.
Mr. MILLSON. I call for tellers upon that
motion.
Tellers were not ordered.
The question was then taken, and on a division,
there were—ayes 38, noes 83.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. STUART. The motion I just made, to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was ordered
to be engrossed and read a third time, is now in
order.
The SPEAKER. It is in order, and it is the
question to be now taken.
Mr. STUART. Is it not a debatable question ?
The SPEAKER. It is. The previous ques-
tion was exhausted, on ordering the bill to be en-
grossed and read a third time.
Mr. HOUSTON. I moved the previous ques-
tion upon the passage of the bill, and that, too,
previous to the discussion, as I understand it, of
any motion connected with the bill. I distinctly
made that motion beforethegentlemanfrpmMich-
igan obtained the .floor.
The SPEAKER. Was not the gentleman from
Alabama cut off by the motion to adjourn ?
Mr. HOUSTON. No, sir; not at all.
Mr. STUART. I was entitled to make that
motion, and entitled to debate it, and could not be
put off, even by the gentleman's motion.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from Ala-
bama was recognized by the Chair, and demanded
the previous question, the gentleman from Michi-
fan would not be entitled to the floor, until that
{nts decided.
Mr. STUART. That is true; but the gentleman
from Alabama has not been recognized by the
Chair yet. That gentleman, like many of us hare,
gets up and submits a motion without being rec-
ognized by the Chair. I was recognized, and
made my motion, while the gentleman from Ala-
bama was -not recognized at all.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is under the im-
pression that such is the history of the case, and
that the motion to adjourn cuts off the gentleman's
proposition.
Mr. HOUSTON. My motion was made be-
fore the motion to adjourn, as the gentlemen
around me remember, and before the motion made
by the gentleman from Michigan to reconsider the
vote. That is my recollection.
.TheSPEAKER. Was the gentleman recog-
nized by the Chair ?
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 so understood it, and it
was so understood by gentlemen around me.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to get at
the facts of the case, as hie mind is not dear upon
that point.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi. I can state the
fects precisely as they occurred. The gentleman
from Alabama rose and addressed himself to the
Chair. The Spemkersaid, " The gentleman from
Alabama." The gentleman from Alabama then
made his motion. At almost the same moment,
some other gentleman upon the other side of the
House addressed the Chair, and the Speaker
turned his eye in that direction., when the raoticTn
was then made to adjourn. Instantly the gentle-
man from Michigan [Mr. Stpart] arose, and
after the Chair had said " The gentleman from
Alabama,'' and after that gentleman had submitted
hia motion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair recollects that
the gentleman from Michigan submitted his mo-
tion to reconsider after the motion was made to
adjourn. .
Mr. STUART. I did not desire to get into
any controversy with members upon facts. It is
