338
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 19,
mont, and Littleton, New Hampshire, praying
the establishment of a mail route between those
towns; which was referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
Also, an additional document fn relation to the
rase of Avery Downer, praying compensation for
his services as assistant surgeon during the revo-
lutionary war; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
Mr. BRADBURY presented the petition of
Cyrus Wheeloclc, a soldier in the last war with
Great Britain, praying a pension; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. HUNTER presented a petition of the
Board of Directors of the Richmond and Danville
Railroad Company, praying permission to import
railroad iron free of duty; wnich was referred to
the Committee on Finance. " •
Also, the memorial of Thomas Ritchie, praying
a further allowance for the printing of the Thirty-
first Congress, executed by him under contract;
wfiich was referred to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. HAMLIN presented a petition of citizens
of Portland, Maine, praying the passage of the
bill usually known as " Bennett's land bill," and
that in it a grant of land may be made for the c6n-.
struction of the European and North American
railway; which wns ordered to lie on the table. ■
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, presented a memo-
rial of certain Cherokees, citizens of Bradley
county, Tennessee, praying the settlement of their
claims on the principles of equity and justice;
which was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. DOWNS presented the petition of William
Chandler, praying the payment of certain bills or
Continental money held by him; .which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance.
PAPER WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. SHIELDS, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of Harriet O. Read, execu-
trix of Lieutenant Colonel A. G. W. Fanning, on the files of
the Senate, be referred to the ComiuiUee on Military Affairs.
' ' SMALL NOTE BILL.
A message from the House of Representatives
was received, by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, announ-
cing that it had passed a bill to suppress the circu-
lation of small notes as a currency in the District
of Columbia.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, from the Committee on
Pensions, to which was referred the memorial of
Sarah Brusterand Irene Howard, of Tennessee,
praying that the bounty land act of March, 1852,
may be extended to the widows and minor heirs
of soldiers embraced in said act, asked to be dis-
charged from the further consideration thereof,
and that it be referred to the Committee on Public
Lands; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to which
were referred documents in relation to the claim of
Aaron H. Hoyt to a pension for services in the
last war with Great Britain, asked to be discharged
from the further consideration thereof; which was
agreed to. He also submitted a report on the sub-
ject; which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to which
were referred documents in relation to the claim of
Jacob Cole to a pension for services in the war of
the Revolution, asked to be discharged from the
further consideration thereof; which was agreed
to. He also submitted a report on the subject;
which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to which
were referred documents in relation to the claim of
John Walker to a pension and County land, for
services during the last war with Great Britain,
asked to be discharged from the further consider-
ation thereof; which was agreed to. He also sub-
mitted a report on the subject; which was ordered
to bet printed.
.Mr, BADGER, from the Committee on the Ju-
•JICMUT. to which was referred a petition of citizens
Qf Alabama, in favor of abolishing the office of
' epaplaiji; and also petitions frSm citizens of Vir-
ginia, Illinois,Indiana, Pennsylvania, Delaware,
New Jersey, Vermont, and Mississippi, on the
utile subject, asked to be discharged from the fur-
ther considerstipn thereof; which was agreed to
He also submitted a report oi> the subject; which
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee op Com-
merce, to which was referred the petition of Wil-
liam Wright, reported a bill authorising the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to issue a register to the
British bnrk Fanny, under the name of the Golden
Mirror; which was read, and passed to the second
reading.
On motion by Mr. HAMLIN, the bill was read
a second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole. No amendment being made, it was
reported to the Senate, ordered to a third reading,
read a third time, and passed.
He also, from the same committee, to which
was referred a memorial of merchants, &c., of
Boston, praying that the Secretary of the Treas-
ury may be directed, by law, to refund excesses
of duties in certain cases, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration, and that it be re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance; which was
agreed to.
Mr. FOOT, from the Committee on Pensions,
to which were referred the following petitions and
resolutions, asked to be discharged from their fur-
ther consideration; which was agreed to:
Petition of Ebenezer G. At water, praying to be
allowed a pension for a disability incurred in firing
a salute in honor ofc the President of the United
States and some members of the Cabinet present
at the opening of the New York and Erie rail-
road; ■
Petition of Samuel Church, praying remuner-
ation for the loss of clothing and health in the
military service of the United States during the
last war with Great Britain;
Petition of Candace Porter, widow of a'soldier
in the war of the Revolution, praying a pension;
* Petition of William L. Martin, praying an in-
crease of pension;
Petition of Caroline L. Eustis, widow of Wil-
liam Eustis, a surgeon in the army of the Revo-
lution, praying a pension;
Petition of Elizabeth R. Drane, widow of An-
thony Dr^ne, formerly, an officer of the Army,
praying a pension;
Resolution directing the Committee on Pensions
to inquire into the expediency of granting arrears
of pension to David Linn;
Resolution instructing the Committee on Pen-
sions to inquire into the expediency of continuing
a pension to Thankful Reynolds.
Mr. HAMLIN. The Committee on Commerce,
to which was referred a memorial of ship-owners,
merchants, (fee., of Boston, praying that the same
facilities in unloading, which are now granted to
steamers, may be extended to sailing vessels, and
the memorial of Richard Evans, and other officers
of the. United States revenue service, praying for
an increase of pay, has directed me to ask to be
discharged from their further consideration. 1
beg to say, at the same time, that I hold in
my hand a resolution which I am about to report
from that committee, proposing to call on the
Treasury Department for a system for the entire
revision of the revenue laws, and which, when
presented to Congress, will include precisely the
cases which ore covered by these memorials. For
these reasons, the committee ask to be discharged
from the further consideration of the subject.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN. I am directed by the same
committee to report the following resolutions:
RetolveA, That the Secretary of the Treasury be required
to have prepared, and submitted to the Senate at Its next
session, n general revenue Jaw, with the view of super-
seding all existing lawa on the subject, and which snail
embrace all needful provisions for regulating the foreign and
domestic commerce of the United States in American and
foreign vessels, the assessing and collecting of the duties
connected with the same, including fees of all kinds, ton-
nage duty, and light-money, the registering, enrolling, and
licensing of vessels, the number, dutie«, and emoluments
of custom house officers and employees of every kind, the
levying and remission of penalties, fines, and forfeitures,
the service of the revenue marine in all its details, and
providing generally for the due performance of all the du-
ties of every description connected with the revenue service,
in all its branches and details, including all the requisite
official forms to be observed in the transaction of custom-
house business.
Retolved further, That in the preparaUon of the said
revenue code or law, it shall be distinctly shown what are
the provisions of existing laws which are retained, what,
if any, portion qf said existing laws that arc omitted, and
what new provisions or additions are made.
This is a simple call upon the Secretly of the
Treasury to form a plan for the collection of our
revenues—a uniform plan, which shall take the
place of the existing laws. I hope it will be con-
sidered and passed at this time. I apprehend
there will be no objection to it; but if there should
he any, I think I can make it very evident to the
Senate that it should receive its favorable consid-
eration.
The reqplution was considered, by unanimous
consent, and agreed to. .
MILITARY-ACADEMY BILL.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, the Commits
tee on Finance, to which was referred the bill from
the House of Representatives, entitled " An act
making appropriations for the support of the Mil-
itary Academy for the year ending 30th June,
1854," have instructed me to report it back with
sundry amendments, and to ask that it may now
be considered.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded
to consider the bill as in Committee of the Who)e. ■
It proposes to make the following appropriations:.
For^>ay of officers, instructors, cadets, and musicians, ~
For commutation of subsistence. $3,190.
For forage for officers', horses, $96(1.
For repairs, fuel, and apparatus therefor, forage for pub-
lic horses and oxen, postage, stationery, printing, and other
incidental and contingent expenses, $39.6611.
For increase and expenses of the library, $1,000.
For expenses of the Board of Visitors, £1,000.
For completion of the new mess hall, $3,500.
For stable-for dragoon and artillery horses, $8,0«i0.
For forage for dragoon and cavalry horses, 8,G40.
The amendments of the Committee on Finance
were to add the following: „
For'additional pay of $50 each to the soldiers employed
in the Adjutant's office as clerKs, and to the two enlisted
men employed in the Philosophical and Chemical Depart-
ment, $15u.) ■
Riding and exercisinghall, $12,000.
. Forthe construcUon of a wharf, $4,330.
Sec. 2. Jind'be it further enacted. That hereafter the r.
professors of French and dialing shall receive the pay and
emoluments allowed to the other professors;-and the sum
of $1,000 is hereby appropriated for that purpose nut of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
The amendments were agreed to; the bill was
reported to the Senate as amended, and the amend-
ments were concurred in; the bill was ordered to a
third reading, read a third time, and passed.
ESPY'S CONICAL VENTILATOR. *
On motion by Mr. MANGUM/the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution sub-
mitted yesterday by him, and it was agreed to:-
" Retohed, TJiat the Committee on Naval Affaire inquire
into tbe expediency of directing the Secretary of the Navy
to purchase from James P. Espy iris patent right for the
conical ventilator; and also inquire into its value, and fix
the amount which they deenr reasonable and proper forthe
purchase of the same, if, in their opinion, it is expedient to
purchase it" '
Mr. MANGUM also submitted a document in
relation to the subject; which was referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs. . .
STANSBURY'S REPORT.
Mr. PEARCE offered the following resolution;
which wns referred to tbe Committee on Printing:
Retolved* That the report of Charles F. Stansbitryon the
Industrial Exhibition-held at.LOntfon in J850, communicated
to the Senate on the 12th instant, by the Secretary of the
Interior, be printed, and that two thousand extra copies
thereof oe printed for the use of the Senate.
Kew'post routes. .
Mr. BORLAND submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Rewlved, That the Committee on ibe Post Office and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the propriety of
establishing the following post routes:
1st. From Fulton, in Hempstead county, to Rocky Com~
fort, in Sevier county, Arkansas, distance about forty-five
miles. ' ^ -
2d. From Danville,ria William Parkes's, in Yell county,
and Milton Gilbreath's, to Felix Gaines's, in Scott.county
Arkansas, distance about fifty miles.
3d. From Van Buren. via Joseph Bryant's, in Crawford
eounty, and Lee C.' Blake more'a, to FayetteviHe, in Wash-
ington county. Arkansas, distance abput fifty miles.
4th, From Dover, in Pope county, via Borland, in New-
ton county, to Yellville, in Marion county, Arkansas, to
intersect the route from Yellville to Springfield, Missouri.
5th. From Carrollton, in Carroll county, vU  Worth, in
Newton county, Arkansas, to Rockbridge, Missouri.
6th. From Little Rock, via Springfield, in Conway coun-
ty, to Clinton, in Van BOren county, Arkansas, distance
about ninety miies. ,v
_ 7th. From Helena to Little Rock* Arkansas.
8tb. From Ozark, in Franklin county, via Grand Prairie
and Waldron, Arkansas, to Red river.
- colonization in north america.
Mr. GW1N. I move to take up the jointresd-
Iution which was under consideration yesterday,
M declaratory of the views of the United States
respecting colonization on the North American
continent, and respecting the Island of Cuba," in
order that the Senator from Virginia [Mr. Mason]
