1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
343
ever.no doubt, in my opinion, that the route which
I have designated in the bill is not only practicable,
but that itlrns been frequently traveled and ex-
PlMr!' ADAMS. Mr. President, the Senator
from California, [Mr. Gwi.v,] has thought proper ,j
to bring before the Senate the manner in whicfi 1
was elected to a seat in this body, and says I
was elected by Whigs. Sir, it has never been my
habit to bring before the country, questions per-
sonal to myselfc but as that Senator has thus
arraigned me, it is due to those who voted for me, |
as well as myself, to explain briefly the circum- !
stances of my election. I was elected by the
united vote of the Union Democrats and Whigs,
except one vote—but the Whigs were not deceived
in my political opinions. When the two Houaes
met to elect a Senator, & discussion arose in which
different distinguished Whigs stated that they ,
knew me to be a Democrat, and voted for me as 1
such—and gave as a reason why they did so,
that I had acted in the recent contest with the
Union party. Sir, I did receive Whig votes, and
I am proud of it; they trusted me knowing me
to be asttict Constructionist; but thev knew where
to find me and confided in me, and so long as I
can do so, I will defend their rights by protecting
the Constitution from infractions, let the attack
come from what quarter it may.
But, sir, I do not see what my election has to do
with this question, and why that Senator has ar-
rayed it before the Senate. 1 am at a loss to know•
I had said nothing about him personally; I never
do. When a Senator is elected, it is a matter
between him and the people he represents, and
I should never refer to it. I will not attempt a
retort. If that gentleman had been elected by a
body without the United States, I should have
■aid nothing about it, it being sufficient for my
purposes that he has a certificate of election.
The Senator says I have no right to lecture the
Democracy. Sir, I claim no such right, nor have
I impugned any Senator's motives; I trust I shall
ever have too much respect for this body and its
rules to do so; but, when I see measures of doubt-
ful constitutional authority about to be passed, I
will enter my protest, regardless of the advocates
of the measure, whether Whig or Democratic.
As to the charge, that I am trying to make Dem-
ocratic capital in Mississippi, I will neither retort
nor reply. I will only say, those who know me
will believe me when I assert that I have too high
an opinion of the intelligence of those I represent,
to suppose for a moment, that I could meet their
approbation by any other than the consistency of
my votes, with the principles I profess.
Mr. DAVIS. We have fallen into a perplexity
which was easily to have been foreseen. The mo-
ment yon come to discuss a particular route, and
to fix the terminus of the road at any particular
point, you will find that members of the Senate
will have differences of opinion aboutit; and if you
seek harmony of opinion, you have got to come
back to theconsideration of-the point which I raised
the other day—you must come back to the location
of a single trunk of a single road; and you must
not only separate yourselves from this magnificent
scheme of branch roads, but you must separate
yourselves, as far as you can, from the perplexity
growing out of different opinions here, in regard
to th.e rights of the States. If you can reduce it
•to a single proposition, whether you will or will
not have a road passing through the Territories of
the United States, I think you can find something
like harmony of opinion here; that is, if you limit
yourselves to one trunk, as a main road, from
which branches are hereafter undoubtedly to di-
vers'e.
How are you to accomplish that? In the first
place, what occasion is there for any limitation
whatever? Why should you embarrass your-
selves with naming any points whatever? Why
should not that matter be left open and free for the
investigation of those who locate the road, leaving
them to commence on the east, at such point out-
side the States as they may deem best adapted to
commence a great highway upon which the transit
of merchandise and passengers shall be found,
most facile, and best adapted to the purposes of
business? If you commence at a point of that
description, and go westward till you come to
the line of the State of California, it will be an
undertaking sufficient to satisfy the ambition of
the country, and of everybody in it. It is an
undertaking, under any circumstances, to build
something like two thousand miles of railroad—
the precise distance I am not able to state.
The next proposition which presents itself is,
how are you to locate tiis road, and how are the
public to have assurance that it is to be done in
the best, most convenient, and most economical
spot ? That is a question not quite easy of solu-
tion, but I can see some ways in which it can be
accomplished. I can perceive that, if a company
undertake this, they nave a great interest in the
question, and I can see that the United States
have a great interest in it. I could point out a
plan by which these two interests could be com-
bined to locate the way, and to establish it. I
think you will find yourselves obliged, before you
get through with this subject, to consider both of
these interests in locating the way.
If you can get over that difficulty, if you can !
put down a road—which is not an easy matter, !
for you have to settle the questions which are !
raised here—the practicability of it is to be deter- j
mined; and I hope my friend from California will
take no offense when 1 say to him this is not en- 1
tirely an easy thing, though I doubt not a prac-
" ticable way will be found; and let me say to nim,
if his way is the best way, as he states to the Sen-
ate, if it is the great feasible way, it will be adopted,
for examination will show the propriety of taking
that coute. But I apprehend that these mountains
may be passed at various places, and in various •
ways; but this cannot be determined without great
examination, great consideration, and great re-
flection. It must be done with great care, and
after a very particular and detailed examination
of the geographical features of the country.
When you shall have overcome all these diffi-
culties, what next is. to come? Then wilt come j
{ the question of the means to be used to accomplish ;
1 this great object. The money and the sum of j
money which is necessary to accomplish an enter-
prise of this sort, are neither few in numbers, nor
small in magnitude. We look mainly and prin-
cipally to the public lands as a fund to accomplish
this object. If it can be done by any appropriate
means within the reach of the Government, I, for
one, am quite prepared to adopt suitable and prop-
er measures to establish a highway between the
two oceans. That is all I hope to get for the
present. Time probably will lead toothers. That
highway, I desire should begin at the best point,
pass upon the best route, and terminate at the best
place; and that question, as I have already sug-
gested, I would leave open to future inquiry; and
there is no occasion for trammeling anybody in
reference to it.
The road cannot be built with land; because the
lands must first be converted into money; and the
great inquiry here is, How are you to accomplish
it? When are you tobring it about? You can-
not immediately reduce these lands to cash, and
go on with the operations of business. The sale
of the lands will be a slow process, and will in a
great measure depend for its successupon the very
construction of the road itself. But how are you
to bring it about? I confess—and I throw it out
merely as an idea—that I do not see well how this
thing is to be accomplished, except by a powerful
effort of a strong joint stock company. Instead of
giving the power to Mr. Asa "W^hitney, or A B,
or CD, you will be constrained, from the posi-
tion of things, to place it in the hands of a joint
stock company—a company that can subscribe
shares, that can raise money wherever it is to be
found to carry on this enterprise, and do it also
by the help of lands, and with the future hope and
expectation of converting those lands into money.
I hope somebody will see a more feasible
scheme than this; but I confess that, at present,
I see none that strikes me as half so plausible as
that a joint stock company should be authorized
to raise money by subscription, to carry on this
work in the usual and ordinary manner, being
aided by the public lands, and to some extent un-
der the control of the Government; for the inter-
est which the Government will put into this road
should authorize the Government to retain some
control in the direction and execution of the
W Now when I come to vote upon the amend-
ment proposed by my friend from Ohio, I wish,
asl slid the other day, to leave it entirely an
open question as to where the road shall begin
and where it shall end. I wish it left open, that
the best place may be selected. I know that the
moment we come to inquire where we shall begin,
there will be a struggle in regard to different places
which want advantages for themselves.
I want the place best adapted to the commerce
of the country—to the great intercommunication
which will be opened between the two oceans, and
I confess that I have no predilection for any place
whatever. I have no desire that the road should
begin at one spot more than at another, so that I
can attain the object which I have in view; and
my mind is alike open as to the terminus at the
other end, and amquite willing that the road should
reach the western side of the Sierra Nevada
mountains at any one point, it is immaterial to
me where, so that it answers the great object in
view.
I hope, then, that those gentlemen who have
this matter in charge, will leave the question of
location entirely open and free to those who are
to do the work, to do it in the best way, and to
select the best place.
Mr. CHASE. As the usual hour of adjourn-
ment has arrived, and as time is necessary in or-
der to afford an opportunity for the preparation of
an amendment to meet the views of those Sena-
tors who are in favor of a single road, I move
that the Senate do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate ad-
journed.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, January 19, 1853.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Rev. C. M. Butler.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
[A message was here received from the Senate,
by the hands of Asbcry Dickins, Esq., its Sec-
retary, notifying the House that that body had
passed bills of the following titles, viz:
H. R. No. 202. An act for the relief of the
widow and orphan children of Colonel William R.
McKee, late of Lexington, Kentucky.
H. R. No. 343. An act to erect, at the capital
of the nation, an equestrian statue of Washing-
ton.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I rise to make a
correction of the Journal, and therefore to a priv-
ileged question. As the Journal stands, it would
appear that I appealed from the decision of the
Chair, on yesterday, on the ground that the Chair
held that it was not competent for less than a
quorum to proceed to business. That was not
my point of order, and it was not upon that point
I took an appeal. I appealed from the decision of
the Chair, that less than a quorum could not order
a vote to be taken by yeas and nays, and ascer-
tain in that way, among others, whether or not*
quorum vtfhs present.
The SPEAKER. The Chair certainly made
the decision on the ground that it was not com-
petent for the House to pass a bill without a quo-
rum being present, and that, as the ordering of
the yeas and nays was a part and parcel of the
business to be done in the passage of a bill, that
it followed the yeas and nays could not be ordered
when there was less than a quorum of the House
present.
Mr. STEPHENS. But that was not the point
on which I appealed from the decision of the
Chair. It was solely on the ground that one fifth
of less than a quorum had a right to order the yeas
and nays.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will again report
that portion of the Journal proposed to be amended.
Mr. STEPHENS. I barely wish this state-
ment of the point I made to go in the proceedings
of the House.
BRANCH MINT AT NEW YORK.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will, then, state
the business now first in order. During the morn-
ing hour yesterday, a report was made from the
Committee on Ways ana Means, of a bin to es-
tablish a branch Mint of the United States in
the city of New York. The bill having been read
a first time for information, objection was made
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Chand-
ler] to its second reading. The House very soon
thereafter, and before any action was taken on the
question," Shall thebillbe rejected?" passed from
the morning hour. The question then arose, the
finnl decision of which was postponed until this
