914
W X
tttE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 19,
morning, whether that bill went to the table or
came up this morning as the first business in order
during the morning hour.
The Chair has carefully looked to the rules of this
House, and the parliamentary law, but has found
no rule controlling this question. Itia clear, how-
ever, that if the bill goes to the table, the rules
have made no provision whatever for its class and
condition there. The motion to reject seems to
contemplate that the bill shall receive no action on
the part of the House, either in commitment, or
its further consideration. The Chair is of opinion,
as the rules have made no provision whatever,
except that it is made the duty of the Speaker to
put the question to the House, " Shall the bill be
rejected?" and inasmuchas the House passed from
the morning hour before that question was dis-
posed of, it is now the first business in order, and
the House may dispose of it as they deem proper.
The Chair further decides that the question of
rejection is debatable, and that the gentleman from
Pennsylvania is entitled to the floor.
Mr. BROOKS. I rise to a point of order, and
that it may be understood, I ask the reading of
the 116th rule.
The Clerk read the rule, as follows:
" The first reading of a bill dial) be for information; and,
if opposition be made to it, the quesUon shall be, ' Shall
Ibis bill be rejected ?' If no opposition be made^or if (he
question to reject be negative*!, the bill shall go to its second
reading, without a question."
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I should like to
have the note to that rule also read.
Mr. BROOKS. The point of order I make is
this: As a member of the Committee on W ays and
Means, I reported on yesterday a bill to establish
a branch Mint of the United States in the city of
New York, by its instruction, and sent that bill
to the Speaker that it might, in accordance with
the rules, be read a first time for information, 1
only parted with the bill to have it read for inform-
ation. 1 did not yield the floor, but claimed the j
right to state what the contents of the bill were, .
and to make any further remarks I might deem i
necessary for explanation. Unless that privilege
be extended to members reporting bills from com-
mittees, it will be impossible for the House to
know the character of bills reported, and the ques-
tion will arise ? " Shall the bill be rejected ?" with-
out discussion, and without comprehension of its
contents by the House. I therefore make the
point of order, that the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Chandler] could not take the floor
from tine to make objection and bring up the ques-
tion, "Shall the bill be rejected?" before I had
stated what the bill was.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will remem-
ber that he was not occupying the floor at the mo-
ment. The gentleman from Pennsylvania could
not obtain the floor, except for the'purpose of
making this precise motion; and if he had the
right, as he certainly has, under the rules of the
House, to submit the motion, the Chair thinks that
he would be entitled to the floor to be heard on it.
While the gentleman would be entitled to the floor
on his bill, tnegentleman from Pennsylvania would
be entitled to be heard on his motion.
Mr. BROOKS. I shall abide by the decision
of the Chair, but desire that he may correctly un- !
deratand the facts; and I have only taken the ap- i
peai that I have, in the hope that the Chair would,
after further consideration of the facts, change his ,
decision. (J beg leave to state, that in point of
faet, I did not yield the floor, but continued on my
feet during the reading of the bill. If I had chosen
to make an exposition of the bill without sending
it to the Clerk s desk, there is no doubt I was in
possession of the floor to do so. The decision of
the Chair is perfectly right upon the understand-
ing that 1 had yielded the floor; but if the Chair
had given me his attention,he would have observed
that I remained standing in my place whilst the
Clerk wa« reading the bill.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, according to the construction of the gen-
tleman, could not obtain the floor, under the rule,
to submit this motion.
Mr. BROOKS. He has the right, for it is a
privileged motion, but not till after I have yielded
the floor,
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania having made his proposition, has the
right to be heard in its behalf.
Mr. BROOKS. I yield to the decision of the
Chair, though I think that I have been improperly
deprived of my opportunity, as the member of the
committee reporting the bill, to set forth what were
its contents. I desire, however, before taking my
seat, to call the attention of the Chair to the dan-
ger of this precedent. If it bfe adopted, any indi-
vidual reporting a bill from any committee of the
House is liable to have the floor taken from him,
and the question put, Shall the bill be rejected?
without a statement of its provisions to the House.
The SPEAKER. The right of the gentleman
to be heard in behalf of his bill is very clear. He
did not contemplate to be heard until the bill was
read a second time; and when the bill has been
read a second time, he will be entitled to the floor
by the courtesy of the House. But it is very
clear, in the opinion of the Chair, that the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Chandler,J under
an express rule of the House, having a right to
move the rejection of the bill, would be entitled
to the floor to give his reasons for that extraordi-
nary motion.
Mr. BROOKS. I will withdraw mv appeal,
remarking that the House is now called upon to
vote on the rejection of a bill which has not been
read, except informally.
Mr. FLORENCE. If it be in order, I will
submit that that difficulty was obviated by a dis-
tribution of printed bills among members. They
are now informed as fully of the contents of this
bill as they could be by any remarks of the gen-
tleman from New York, who reported it. Cer-
tainly, during the time I have been a member, I
have never seen such a plentiful distribution.
Mr. HART. I call the gentleman to order.
Mr. FLORENCE. I was struck by that cir-
cumstance, and felt it my duty to make the remarks
I have, so that tbey may go to my constituents.
[Cries of " Order!" "Order!"]
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi. With the per-
mission of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, I
will ask the unanimous consent of the House for
leave to withdraw from the Committee on Private
Land Claims the petition and papers of the trus-
tees of the Monticello Academy, in the State of
Mississippi, that they may be referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
There was no objection, and it was so ordered.
On motion by Mr. KUHNS, by unanimous
consent, it w*ts
Ordered, That leave be granted far the withdrawal of the
peUtion and papers in the case of Mrs. Elizabeth Drum,
widow of Captain Drum, late a captain in tbe United States
Army, that they may be referred to one of the Executive
Departments.
Mr. ALLISON. The House were progressing
with the reading of the bill yesterday when the
subject was arrested. 1 suppose that is the order
now.
The SPEAKER. That is the order now, and
the bill will be read by the Clerk-
The reading of the bill was then finished.
Mr. BROOKS. When does the morning hour
begin ?
The SPEAKER. It commenced sixteen min-
flfPQ flApi* ftifnlira
Mr. CHANDLER. The decision of the Chair
yesterday was, if I understood him, or the opinion
of the Chair, if it was not meant as a dictum, was,
that the motion that the bill be rejected, and the
objection made to the second reading was not de-
batable. I therefore came into the House this
morning with a view of meeting some objections
which the gentleman from New York made.
Mr. SWEETSER. I am compelled to make
the point of order I made on yesterday, lljat the
motion to reject is not debatable.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that it is
debatable, from the tfery nature of the proposition.
Mr. SWEETSER. From that decision I take
an appeal.
Mr. FLORENCE. 1 move to lay the appeal
upon the table.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to inquire
whether there is a motion to reject the bill ? The
rule says, if there is opposition to the first reading,
the question shall be, " Shall the bill be rejected ?"
The SPEAKER. That is a question which
the Chair decides is debatable, whether the bill
"shall be rejected or not. .
> Sir. STUART. I ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr, Florence] to withdraw his
motion to lay the appeal upon the table, for I think
this may become a pretty important question.
Mr. FLORENCE. I have no objection, if it
involves an important point necessary to be dis-
cussed.
Mr. STUART. There are several rules of this
House which seem to me to concur in showing
that this cannot be a debatable question. It is
a question which arises without any motion, as
the Chair will observe. A gentleman rises in his
place, and objects to a- second reading of the bill.
The rules then say, that the question shall be put,
"Shall this bill be rejected?" The member rising
cannot submit a motion at all, but simply submits
an objection. The Chair, under the rules, is in-
structed to state the question. Now, by another
question and by a parliamentary rule, every gen-
tleman has the right to have a proposition read
once in full, before he is called to vote upon it,
and this objection stands in the teeth of it that you
shall not have that proposition read. The first
reading of a bill is by its title. The objection is
to the reading, and the House are called upon to
vote against the bill—that is, to vote whether they
will reject it or not, without having it read at all.
Now, sir, where does the gentleman get the right?
The SPEAKER. The rule requires that the
bill should be read for information.
Mr. STUART. It declares that it shall be read
for information. So the rule does not contemplate
the eutting off the reading of the bill. Is not the
first reading of the bill always by its title?
The SPEAKER. It may not be by its title.
This rule requires that the bill shall be read for in-
formation, and not the title.
Mr. STUART. I yield that point, but hold
that it does not alter my proposition. The gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Chandler] has
submitted no motion, and he cannot submit any
under the rules. He can only object to the second
reading of the bill; and the Speaker, then, under
| the rules, states the question, " Shall the bill be
i rejected ?"
Now, to make this proposition consistent with
the decision of the Chair, as already made, and
which undoubtedly has been made correctly, how
can thegentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Chand-
ler] deprive thegentleman from New York [Mr.
Brooks] of the floor? He, for all purposes,
except the purpose of this objection, holds the
floor, and has the right to report his bill, have it
read,_and being read, he then has the right to ask
that it be referred, or read a third time and put en
its passage. He holds the floor against every
other member, except for the purpose of this sin-
gle objection. If the gentleman could rise and
make a motion that the bill be rejected—if that
right were prescribed under our rules—there might
be some propriety in saying that he could discuss
it; but for no such purpose can he take the floor
from the gentleman from New York. The Chair
has decided correctly that the gentleman must
have the right to the floor to make this objection,
or else the right to make it never could ^e exer-
cised; but when he makes that objection, he should
take his seat. The question must be stated by
the Chair, " Shall the bill be rejected?" and voted
upon; and if not rejected, the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Brooks] is instantly entitled to the
floor to have the bill read a second time, to mote
its reference, or to submit whatever motion he
may have been instructed by the committee to sub-
mit in regard to it. I will not detain the House
any further. I only desired to call the attention
of the Chair to the points I have stated.
TheSPEAKER. The Chair will again read the
116th ruler
"The first readingof a bill shall be for information; and,
if opposition be made to it, the question shall be, ' Shall
this bill be rejected." If no opposition be made, or if the
question to reject be negatived, the bill shall go to its sec-
ond reading without a question."
The gentleman from Pennsylvania makes oppo-
sition, and is now in the'very act of making op-
position. The question involved is certainly one
of as high order and dignity as could be a debate
upon the final passage of the bill, for it involves
the fate of the bill quite as much as if the question
were upon its passage. If the gentleman will
turn to the debates of this body, I think he will
find that sotne of the longest debates We have had
prac-
tice of the House, as well as reason, are in favor
of the decision. By reference to the Journals of
the last Congress, I fliidthe following:
