446
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 19,
of these poor returned Californians. The neces- j
sities are great tor this measure.
But I will state, farther, that I do not desire to
consume the time of the House with discussion
Upon this measure. The bills were prepared some
time since, and have been printed and laid before
the members, so that they have had an opportu-
nity to examine it; and I think they may act un-
derstandingly upon it without consuming the time
of the House.
Mr. CHANDLER. I am very much obliged
to the gentleman for allowing me this breathing
spell. Talking against time admits of help.
Mr. FLORENCE. If my colleague will allow
me a word, I am satisfied that there was no desire
to corrupt, upon the part of New York, in regard
to this measure. It was only to promote the ex-
traordinary enterprise of the Empire State; I hope
my colleague will so consider it. I repeat that the
desire of the city of New York, in wishing to
establish a branch Mint in that city, was not to
corrupt anybody. It was only to promote the
great enterprise of that city.
Mr. BRIGGS. I will remark that no one could
suppose any member of Congress could be cor-
rupted under any circumstances; but it was a
remarkable circumstance, that while the Collins
measure was before the House, votes for it were
obtained from Pennsylvania, in a manner which
astonished some members upon this floor.
Mr. CHANDLER. As I am not in the situa-
tion of one John Gilpin, where—
" Loss of time would grieve me sore,"
I do not lament these interruptions. But my feel-
ings of humanity—and I trust I have them as
much as any man in this House—were greatly in-
terested in what fell from the hps of the honorable
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Briggs,] in re-
lation to the poor laborers in California, who were
compelled to pay a percentage upon theirgold dust,
into the pockets of the grasping, rapacious brokers
of New York. Well, sir, this Congress, at its last
session, voted a branch Mint to California; and
now I trust my friend will go home with a smiling
countenance, and rest satisfied that no more of
that gold dust will ever again be extorted as tithes
to those whose love of money—whose cursed thirst
for gain, leads them to the rapacity of taking from
the hard earnings of the returned Californian a
percentage upon his gold dust. But I cannot im-
agine howricli a poor man must be, who, by paying
one per cent, upon his gold to a broker, enriches
the money dealer. [Laughter.] It must be some
very peculiar New York way of doing business.
But the gentleman from New York [Mr. Dean] ,
has started the question of purchasing votes upon
this floor, and desires to know the name. Now
does he suppose I would tell it? Why, sir, those
who sit in the outer circle of seats in this Hall,
often have their ears disturbed by calculations
and promises which we who sit further in do not
hear; but my friend on my left [Mr. Briggs] had
no occasion to rise, and in the presence of this
House, talk of himself being free from any such
imputation. It will be time enough for any gen-
tleman to talk of such things when the charge
comes more direct than that. He knows me and
my feelings towards him too well to suppose I
would apply it. there.
One word did fall from the honorable gentleman,
however, upon a subject to which I should not
have alluded, if he had not brought it up. The
gentleman spoke of the appropriation made by
Congress, at its last session, to the Collins line of
steamers. Now, sir, even doubting, as I now do,
the propriety of this House, or this Congress,
assisting in those works, when they could be car-
ried on by private enterprise, I hesitated long, very
long, before I followed the instructions of my 1
constituents in voting for that bill. I argued with
them as warmly as I could, by letter, until I be- 1
came satisfied that I was assisting in a national
work; that I was enabling the steam commerce of
the country to compete, and compete successfully,
with the steam commerce that was assisted by the
Queen of Great Britain. I confess that I saw in
this House an unwillingness, even upon the part
of some gentlemen from the city of New York,
to assist in it. But that did not disturb me, for I did
not regard it then as a New York measure. It did ,
not disturb me, because I found it to be consistent
with my general views of protection of home in-
dustry and home capital. I know very well that
there were antagonist interestsin New York which ;
induced gentlemen from that section to look coolly
on that measure. I did not intend to have alluded
to this subject at all, but since the gentleman has
insinuated that there has been something in the
way of purchasing going oiwiutside of Congress,
I have only to say, that the purse of the owners
of the British steamships is likely to have been as
long as that of the American ones, and it would
have been something to cost an enemy.
[A message in writing was here received from
the President of the United States, by Millard
P. Fillmore, Esq., his Private Secretary.]
Mr. CHANDLERcontinued: It was upon that
ground I did it, and it was upon that ground that
other gentlemen from Philadelphia did it.' Laying
aside what is imputed here as petty jealousies—
laying aside what is imputed as a petty feeling be-
tween the two States, I felt, and others of my col-
leagues learned to feel, that we should do justice
for the people and interests of the country, although
we knew that the principal benefit would be con-
ferred upon the city of New York. Now, I ask
gentlemen from New York, that, at least, they
will not taunt us with voting for that measure
which at the same time furnished them the very
means of bringing merchandise as other Govern-
ment-paid steamers bring gold dust to the city of
New York, to make an argument why everything
else should be carried there. I will again remark
that these are circumstances to which I did not
intend to refer; 1 have simply mentioned them in
connection with the remarks of the honorable gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Briggs.] I return
now to the subject before the House—that of mul-
tiplying branch Mints in the United States, and
particularly of placing one in the city of New
York. I say this measure is one which is not
sanctioned by the wants of the country. I prove
this when I show you that the Mint in the city of
Philadelphia is competent, fully competent for the
coinage of all the gold and silver which is required
for the present, or which will be required for many
| years to come. But 1 again call the attention
i of the House particularly to the fact, that we
have by law authorized the erection of a branch in -
California, which is not only to coin money, but ]
which is also to make ingots; so that we can
scarcely expect any considerable gold dust to cross ]
the Isthmus and reach our eastern cities. But, :
sir, just in proportion as we diminish the necessi-
ties for a branch Mint in that city do we increase
the clamors for having it there. Just in propor-
tion as we advance arguments against the propriety
of establishing a branch Mint there, do we find
them presenting their bills before the House.
Mr. Speaker, I must repeat that I mean not
these remarks for an argument upon this question.
If we should not succeed in defeating this bill now,
and an opportunity should be presented when the
bill shall come up hereafter, I shall endeavor to
present the subject in a form in which it ought to
be presented in this House. I shall endeavor to
show that we ought not to be called upon to make
this special legislation to amuse or gratify certain
persons, and to comply with the outcry of those
who have raised it for other purposes than na-
tional ones. Sir, we are legislating for a nation
and not for a city. We are legislating for na-
tional wants, and not to satisfy the cravings of a
particular individual. We are legislating for the
good of the whole country, and that legislation
ought to be in conformity with some general rule.
1 desire to say nothing about the arguments ad-
vanced on former occasions. They are not be-
fore this House. It will be enough for me if I
, can succeed in directing the attention of the House,
not to any arguments which may have been put
forth by me on some former occasion* but to the
1 importance of the subject. The question is not
whether there shall be two, three, or four Mints in
the country, but it is whether these implements of
sovereignty—whether these emblems of a nation's
power—shall be scattered in every place where a
few merchants may ask assistance. Why, sir, if
it is important that every city should have a Mint,
then not only must New York have one, but Bal-
timore must have one, Boston must have one,
Charleston must have one, and, in short, Mints
should be scattered all over the country, from Port-
land in Oregon, to Portland in Maine. Indeed, I
do not know but my friend from Maine [Mr.
Goodknow] would want one as far down east as
Bangor. These will be the results, if this princi-
ple is carried into effect. A branch Mint was es-
tablished in Georgia, and another in North Caro-
lina, in the vicinity of the mines, for the coinage
of gold and silver mined in those districts; and
that is another reason why we should not estab-
lish another oi)e in New York.
But, Mr. Speaker, if we were to carry out this
principle—if we are to multiply Mints everywhere,
we should outrage all rules of propriety, we
should depart from all precedents, and establish a
custom that in two or three years would so debase
our coin, and render it so suspicious, that the people
abroad, and even the people at home, would scarce-
ly receive it as of any standard value. Its intrin-
sic value would depend on and vary with the feel-
ings of every State in which one of these estab-
lishments was located.
The question of the cost of a new Mint, of the
cost of carrying it on, and the saving to the nation
by allowing no more branch Mints, needs a fair
examination, and I feel no hesitancy in expressing
an opinion, that when this House shall have had
the means of understanding these questions, it
will, by almost a unanimous vote, put an end to
these annual calls for a branch Mint in New York.
Mr. HOUSTON, (interrupting.) As the morn-
ing hour will expire in about a minute, if the gen-
tleman will yield me the floor, I will move that the
House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. STUART. I hope not. I hope we shall
adopt a motion to go to the business upon the
Speaker's table, when the morning hour is out.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania will yield the floor to me, I will move
that the House go into the Committee of the
| Whole on the state of the Union, as I am anxious
to have the deficiency bill passed. The Senate
I have passed all the appropriation bills that we
! have sent them, and I desire to send them another
to act upon.
Mr. CHANDLER. If I do not lose the floor
thereby, I yield it to the gentleman to make the
motion.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania will yield to the Chair, he would like, by
unanimous consent, to present some communica-
tions from the Departments, which he understands
are necessary to go to committees. Is it the unan-
imous pleasure of the House that those commu-
nications should be presented ?
Many Voices. "Yes!" "Yes!"
The following communications were then pre-
sented, and referred as indicated below:
To the Senate and
House of Representatives of the United States:
I have the honor herewith to transmit a report from the
Secretary of the Interior, from which it appears riint the
efforts of that Department to induce the Indians remaining
in Florida to migrate to the country assigned to their tribe,
west of the Mississippi, have been entirely unsuccessful. •
The only alternative that now remains is either to com-
pel them, by force, to comply with the treaty made with
the tribe in May, 1832, by which they agreed to migrate
within three years from that date, or allow the arrangement
made with them in 1842, referred to 111 the Secretary's re-
port, by which they were permitted to remain lit the tem-
porary occupancy of a portion of the peninsula until the
Government should see fit to remove them, to continue.
It cannot be denied that the withholding so large a por-
tion of her territory from settlement is a source of injury to
the State of Florida; and although, ever since the arrange-
ment above referred to, the Indians have manifested a de-
sire to remain at peace with the whites, the "presence of a
people who may at any time, and upon any real or fancied
provocation, be driven to acts of hostility, is a source of
constant anxiety and alarm to the inhabitants of that border.
There can be no doubt, also, that the welfare of the Indians
would be promoted by their removal from a territory where
frequent collisions between them and their more powerful
neighbors are daily becoming more inevitable.
On the other hand, there is every reason to believe that
any manifestation of a design to remove them by force, or
to take possession of the territory allotted to them, would
be immediately retaliated by acts of cruelty on the defense-
less inhabitants.
The number of Indians now remaining in the State is, it
is true, very inconsiderable, (not exceeding, it is believed,
five hundred,) but owing to the extent of tile country occu-
pied by them, and its adaptation to their peculiar mode of
warfare, a force very disproportioned to their numbers
would be necessary to capture them, or even to protect the
white settlements from their incursions.
The military lorce now stationed in that State would be
inadequate to these objects ; and if it should be determined
to enforce their removal, or to survey the territory allotted
to them, some addition to it would be necessary, as the
Government has but a small force available for that service.
Additional appropriauons for the Army would also, in that
event, be necessary.
For these reasons I have deemed it proper to submit the
whole matter to Congress, for such action as they may deem
best. MILLARD FILLMORE.
Washington City, January 18,1s53.
