1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
849
&
The question was next taken on the motion that
there be a call of the House, and it was disagreed
to—yeaa 47, nays 109; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Aiken, Willis Allen, Av-
«r*tl, Bocock, Bragg, Breckinridge, Rraatou, Busby, Jo-
seph Cable, Cliastain, Daniel, Dawson, Daaii, Diiumick,
Puiibam. Evans, Faulkner, Floyd, Isham G. Harris, Samp-
yon Vf. Harris, Haven, John W. Howe, George W.Jones,
j. Glancy Jones, McLaaaban, McNair, Millson, Molony,
Morehead, Murray, Naix-re, Olds, Bamwel W. Parker,
Penn, Polk.. Robie, Robinson, Scurry, Skeltoa, Smith.
Sweetser, Venable, Wallace, Wilcox, Wildrick, and |
Woodward—47. i
NAYS—Means. Ckartea Alien, A litem, William Ap- |
elon, Aabe, Bafeeock, Thomas H.Bayly, Barrere, Bart- ,
It, Bell, Bibi'xjiaus, Bowie, Driggs, Brooks, Albert G.
Brown, George H. Brown, Burrows, Caldwell, Thompson
Campbell, Chandler, Chapman, Clark, Clemens, Cobb,
Colcoek, Cottman, Harris, Darby, John C. Davis, Dock-
ary, Doty, Duaean, Durkee, Eastman, Ewiug, Fay, Flor-
ence, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Gamhle, Gaylord, Biddings,
Giluiore, Goodenow, Goodrich, Gorman, Green, Grey,
Grow, Hammond, Harper, Hart, Haws, Haseull, Hen-
dricks, Hillyer, Horsford, Houston, Howard, Thomas Y. 1
How, Jackson, Jenkins, Audrew Johnson, John Johnson,
George G. King, Rutins, Landry, Little, I, nek hart, Mann,
Martin, Mason, Meade, Henry I*. Moore, Murphy, New-
ton, Andrew Parker, Peaslee, Penni man, Phelps, Porter,
Price, Reed, Riddle, Robhins, Ross, Russell,"Sabine, Sack-
ett, Schoolcraft, Scudder, David L. Seymour, Origen S. *
Seymour, Benjamin Stanton, Frederick P. Stanton, Bichard
H. Stanton, Stratton, Strother, Stuart. Sutherland, Taylor,
Thurston, Toombs, Walbrrdge, Walsh, Washburn, Wat-
kins, Welch, Wells, Addison White, and Yates—109.
So the House refused to order a call of the
House.
Pending- the call,
Mr. MeMULLIN asked leave to vote; which
was denied.
Mr. BOCOCK. I renew the motion that the
tales of the House be suspended, and that the
House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union. ;
Mr. STANLY. If that motion be voted down,
I suppose the motion to proceed to the business
upon the Speaker's table will be in order.
The SPEAKER. It wiU.
Mr. SCURRY. I move that the Houa* do now
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the House
thereupon adjourned till to-monow at twelve
o'clock, m.
PETITIONS, &.O.
The following petitions and memorials were presented
vnder the rale, and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana: The petition of James
Christie and 140 other citizens of Indiana, for a grant of
public laudato aid in constructing a railroad from Indian-
apolis, Indiana, to Springfield, in the State of Illinois.
Also, the petition of Joseph A. Wright and 53 other citi-
s^is, on the same subject-
Aba, the petition of George Hedge and 33 others, on the
saate subject.
By Mr. MOORE, of Louisiana: The petition of Hannibal
Faulk and others, and Mrs. Emma Peck, in relation to their
chums in the Bastrop Grant, in Louisiana.
By Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi: The petition of A. E.
Lewis and 51 other citizens of Mississippi, praying the re-
moval of the land ofice from Augusta to Shieldsboie', Mis-
sissippi.
By Mr. KIDDLE: The petition of sundry citizens of
New Castle county, State of Delaware, praying that the
title of lieutenant general will not be conferred upon Win-
field Scott.
By Ma FLORENCE: The memorial of J. Howard k
Co., of Philadelphia, praying for the passage of a law to
•aforce more stiiedy the rights of patentees.
Also, the petition of F. W. Moores and other masters ia
the Navy, not ia the line of promotion, asking an increase
«f compensation.
SENATE.
Tbujmpat, January 20,1853.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Iiev. C. M. Bother. |
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of the Senate,
showing the amount paid for documents, books,
and maps printed or purchased for distribution, by
order or the Senate, since the 1st of May, 1633; ,
which was ordered to be printed.
Also, a report of the Secretary of die Interior, 1
showing how theappropriatioira made for running
and marking the boundary line between the United
States and Mexico have been expended; which j
was referred to the Select Committee appointed on
the subject, and ordered to be printed.
Also, the annual report of the Secretary of the
Treasury on the state of the finances; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
On motion by Mr. HUNTER, it was
Ordered, Ttjat the report be printed, and that ten thou- 1
sand additional copies thereof be primed for the use of the ,
The PRESIDENT pro tempore also laid before
the Senate a communication from the Secretary of
the Treasury, communicating the annual report of
the Light-House Board; which, on motion by
Mr. Hamlin, was referred to the Committee on
Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
Both subjects seem to have been included in one
communication; and therefore it was, on motion
by Mr. Hamlin, ordered that five hundred copies
of the ten thousand ordered to be printed, be for
the use of the Light-House Board.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore also laid before
the Senate a letter of the Acting Treasurer of the
United States, communicating copies of his ac-
counts of receipts and disbursements for the ser-
vice of the Post Office Department for the year
ending the 30th of June, 1852; which was referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
Also, a communication from the Secretary of
the Treasury, in compliance with a resolution of
the Senate, giving certain information in reference
to marine hospitals; which was, on motion by
Mr. Davis, referred to the Gommittee on Com-
merce, and ordered to be printed.
THE SEMINOLE INDIANS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a message from the President of the United
States, informing Congress of the refusal of the
Indians remaining in Florida tb emigrate to the
country assigned to their tribe west of the Missis-
sippi.
Mr. MALLORY. This is a message embra- -
cing papers from tf\f Secretary of the Interior of
very great importance to the interests of the State
of Florida. It will be remembered, that about
twenty years ago, these Indians engaged to re-
move from Florida, That engagement has been
repeatedly renewed; and, recently, in September
: lasy by a special treaty with the chiefs and head-
i men of the tribe, they again engaged to remove.
, A special agent has been dispatched to Florida,
whose report is embraced in the papers now before
the Senate. Several committees might appropri-
ately act upon the question. The message recom-
1 mends the survey of the Indian country, and the
' employment of a military escort for the purpose.
1 I will say, briefly, that the frontiers of the Indian
| country in Florida are very sparsely settled, and
I they may be broken up at any time, although the
number of Indians in the State is comparatively
small; but their character is too well known to
need occasion for reference on my part. There is
a belt of land around the Indian country for twenty
miles, which it is now proposed to survey; but
the Department has no funds at its disposal to carry
on this work. It might, therefore, be appropriate
to refer the report to tne consideration of the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, but I will move the ref-
erence of the message and the accompanying doc-
uments to the Committee on Indian Affairs; and I
take occasion to ask their earnest attention, and
an early report on the subject.
The motion was agreed to.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. MORTON presented a petition of citizens
of Escambia county, Florida, living on the route
between Pensacola, in that State, and Belleville,
Alabama, praying mail facilities; which was re-
ferred to die Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
Mr. SEWARD presented a resolution of the
Legislature of New York concerning the principle
of the distribution of the public lands, in which
they set forth, that in consideration of the grants
made to the new States at the time of and since
their admission into the Union, and of the many
applications now made for further appropriations
for railroads and internal improvements, they de-
sire to urge upon Congress, if that system of dis-
tribution and appropriation is to be continued, the
propriety of making grants of land, upon some
equal and juat principle of appropriation, to all tlie
States for the purpose of education, and ft?r other
useful public services, having due regard to the
grants already made, and the population of the
respective States.
The resolution was read* and ordered to be print-
ed.
Mr. BRODHEAD presented a petition of the
clerks in the office of tne Commissioner of Pen-
sions, praying that the percentage allowed upon
their salaries at the lwt Congress n 3f
be continued; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Finance.
Mr. FELCH presented the petition of Isaac
H. Kelly, in behalf of the importers of goods from
the British provinces, remonstrating against the
passage of the bill " giving further remedies to
patentees;" which was referred to the Committee
on Patents and the Patent Office.
Mr. MAN GUM submitted additional docu-
ments in relation to the proposed purchase of
James P. Espy's patent right for his conical ven-
tilator; which were referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
Mr. PEARCE presented the petition of Charles*
West, a soldier during the last war with Great
Britain, praying a pension; which was referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
Also, a memorial of ship-owners and masters of
vessels in Baltimore, representing the ruinous ef-
fects of the abolition of corporal punishment in the
mercantile marine, and praying the legal enact-
ment of some efficient substitute; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. NORR1S presented two petitions of five
hundred and seven*citizens of Washington, pray-
ing that the " Long Bridge," over the Potomac
river, may be rebuilt on its present site; which
were referred to the Committee on the District of
Columbia.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, presented the memo-
rial of a committee appointed by a convention held
at St. Louis, on the 15th November, 1852, pray-
ing a grant of land to aid in the construction of a
railroad on the west side of the Mississippi river,
from a point opposite the city of New Orleans, to
a central eligible point in the Territory of Minne-
sota, in the direction of the Red River of the North,
and with a branch to the Falls of St. Anthony;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. WADE, from the Committee on Claims,
to which was referred the petition of the adminis-
trators of Colonel John Anderson, submitted a
report, accompanied bv a bill for the relief of the
legal representatives of the late Colonel John An-
derson; which was read and passed to the second
reading. The report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. BADGER, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to which was referred the memorial of
L. E. L. A. Lawson, submitted a report, accom-
panied by a joint resolution for her relief; which
was reed and passed to the second reading. The
report was ordered to be printed.
SMALL NOTE BILL.
The bill from the House of Representatives to
suppress the circulation of small notes as a cur-
rency in the District of Columbia, was read a first
and second time by its title, and referred to the
Committee on the District of Columbia.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. MILLER gave notice of his iptention to
ask leave to introduce a bill respecting the right of
dower in the District of Columbia.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. RUSK. I hope the Senate will indulge me
in taking up at this time the bill " for the protec-
' tion of the emigrant route and a telegraph line,
' and for an overland mail between the Missouri
' river and the settlements in California and Ore-
' gon," for the purpose of having it referred.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the bill.
Mr. RUSK. I now move that the bill be re-
ferred to a special committee of five Senators, to
be appointed by the Chair. I do not want the
reference, however, to interfere with the discus-
sion which has been going on in relation to the
bill of the honorable Senator from California.
Pending that discussion, the committee to which
I propose to refer this bill may consider it, and
may benefit by the suggestions which may be made
in the Senate on the subject.
The motion was agreed to, and the President, .
in conformity with it, appointed Mr. Rusk, Mr.
Bkll, Mr. Davis, Mr. Gwm, and Mr. Dodgb of
Iowa, the committee.
CHAPLAJNS IN THE PUBLIC SERVICE,
Mr. BUTLER. Many memorials were referred
to the Judiciary Committee on the Butyect of
