350
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 20,
abolishing the office of chaplains in the House of
Representatives and 111 the Senate, and in the Army
and Sary. One of the members of the committee
has drawn tip a very full, and 1 think satisfactory,
report upon the subject, which was presented to the
Senate yesterday, and ordered to be printed. I
move that ten thousand additional copies of it be
printed for the use of the Senate.
Mr. CASS. Does the report recommend the
abolition of the office of chaplain '
Mr. BUTLER. No, sir; far from it.
Mr. CASS. Then I shall vote for printing
twenty thousand, if necessary.
Mr. HALE. Does not the motion go to the
Committee on Printing?
The PRESIDENT. Certainly.
Mr. BUTLER. T hope, by unanimous consent,
it will be considered now.
Mr. HALE. I have no objection.
The PRESIDENT. Under the rules, the mo-
tion must ;:o to the Committee on Printing.
  CONTINUANCE OF HALF PAY.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, an-
nouncing that it had disagreed to the amendment
of the Senate to the amendment of the House to
the bill of the Senate " to continue half pay to
certain widows and orphans."
On motion by Mr. HAMLIN, it was
Ordered, That the Senate insist on it? amendment, and
ask for a conference oil the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses m relation thereto.
On motion, it was ordered that the conferees on
the part of the Senate be appointed by the Presi-
dent pro tern.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The PRESIDENT. There is a motion on the
table, made by the Senator from New Hampshire,
[Mr. Hale,] to reconsider the vote by which the
bill " for the relief of the widow of William Reily,
deceased, late a captain in the fourth Maryland regi-
ment of the revolutionary Army," was rejected.
Mr. GVVIN. i hope that motion will be laid
over, and that the Senate will proceed to the con-
sideration of the special order; and I make that
motion.
Mr. HALE. I submitted the motion to recon-
sider at the request of some friends of the measure.
I have no interest in it myself.
Mr. GWIN. The Senator from Virginia, [Mr.
Mason,] who is not now in his seat, wishes, I
believe, to say something upon that bill, and
therefore I hope it will be passed over.
The PRESIDENT. It will be passed over.
Mr. BRIGHT. It was the intention of the
Senator from Maryland [Mr. Pearce] to call
up to-day the bill providing " for the payment of
such creditors of the late Republic of Texas as
are comprehended in the act of Congress of Sep-
tember 9th, 1850," which has been called up and
passed over, I believe, on two or three occasions.
When it was called up before, the honorable Sen-
ator from Maryland gave place to other business.
I hope it may be the pleasure of the Senate to con-
sider that bill to-day, or if not to-day, that we may
agree by common consent to take it up to-morrow.
Mr. GWIN. If the honorable Senator from
Maryland wishes to make a suggestion, I will
withdraw my motion temporarily.
Mr. PEARCE. I did desire that the Senate
should to-day take up the bill mentioned by the
honorable Senator from Indiana, providing forthe
payment of certain creditors of Texas. I under-
stand from the Senator from California, however,
that he is very desirous to proceed to-day with
the discussion of the bill which was before the
Senate yesterday; andif there can be a general un-
derstanding that the Senate will take up the bill to
which I have referred, to-morrow, I shall be con-
tent to forego any motion to take up the bill in 1
reference to the debts of Texas.
Mr. BELL. I do not want to throw any im-
pediment in the way of the wishes of any of my
honorable friends, but I would suggest, that if we
mean to do anything in regard to a measure of
considerable importance which has been discussed
for some days, a railroad to the Pacific, it is ap- j
propriate that we should proceed with it until we I
dispose of it. If we interpose some other ques- 1
tion to-morrow, and if the bill is to be interrupted 1
by a special order on Tuesday and another on
Wednesday next, I do not see"that we are likely j
! to accomplish anything. Now, if honorable Sen-
i ators who make these propositions, suppose that
the measure which they propose to take up could
be dispatched to-morrow, there would be but lit-
tle objection to it; for it seems to be important to
dispose of that subject. But is there any gentle-
man here who supposes that the bill relative to
the debts of Texas can be settled in one day? I
presume not. I think, really, that the better plan
would be to proceed with the measure which we
have had under consideration for two or three
days past, at least until we shall see whether we
can do anything with it, or whether weshallJiave
to abandon it. Let us go on with it till we see
whether the Senate is determined to do noth-
ing, or whether they are determined to agree upon
some measure. After we have disposed of that,
let us take up the bill of the honorable Senator
from Maryland, or any other measure that may
suggest itself to the Senate as being worthy of con-
sideration. 1 am not disposed, however, to be
obstinate in relation to the manner in which busi-
ness shall be taken up and acted upon. I throw
out these suggestions merely for the consideration
of the honorable Senator from Maryland and
others.
Mr. SEWARD. I am obliged to say to my
honorable friend from Maryland, that I shall to-
morrow vote for proceeding with the Private Cal-
endar. Although I am very favorably disposed
towards the Texas debt bill, and the California
railroad bill, I must to-morrow vote to proceed
with the hearing of private claims. I think he
will find there will be a general disposition to-
morrow to take up the Private Calendar.
Mr. PEARCE. I should be glad to have to-
morrow fixed as the day for taking up the Texas
debt bill, or if the Senate prefer it, I would wish
to have it taken up to-day. In response to the
Senator from Tennessee, I would say that I do
not know that the discussion can be concltfded
in one day, but I believe that all necessary dis-
! cussion can be had in the course of one day. And
I do not believe that any after discussion will vary
I the result of the Senate's vote. However, inas-
1 much as there does Hot seem to be a disposition to
acquiesce in the suggestion I have made, I shall be
compelled to vote against the motion of the Sen-
ator from California; and if the Senate should de-
j termine not to take up that bill, I shall ask them
to take up the bill which I have indicated.
Mr. BRIGHT. 1 think, Mr. President, that
' there is something due to the standing committees
j of this body. The bill providing for the payment
of the debt of Texas was reported by the Com-
mittee on Finance at the last session of Congress.
It was then partially discussed, and left among the
unfinished business. At an early day in the pres-
ent session, the honorable Senator from Maryland
asked that it should be made the special order for
the sixth of this month, and the Senate granted
the request. But, when the day arrived, he gave
place, very properly, I think, to another important
measure, with the understanding thathis bill should
■ be taken up at an early period. Now the honor-
able Senator from California interposes another
| very important measure, and one that I think is to
consume much of the remaining time of the ses-
sion.
j I think that the bill providing for the payment
| of the debtof Texas can bedisposed of to-morrow
or next day. I understand that the honorable
Senator from Maryland, who reported the bill,
and who has charge of it, is prepared to go on
whenever it comes up. The honorable Senator
from Virginia expects to reply to him; and that
will perhaps conclude the discussion that is to take
place upon it. Though it involves a very import-
ant principle, and the payment of a great deal of
money, the points embraced are within a very
small compass, and I do hope that if the Senate
go on to-day with the measure of the honorable
Senator from California, they will signify their
wish to take up the Texas debt bill to-morrow, and
relieve the committee which has had charge of the
subject.
I should be glad to refer the measure of the hon-
orable Senator from California to the Select Com-
mittee raised on the motion of the Senator from
Texas this morning, or to the Committee on Roads
and Canals; but when he first brought it forward
he objected so seriously to my proposition to refer
it to the Committee on Roads and Canals that I
I will not make any motion for its reference. But
| forthe purpose of bringing up the question of the
i Texas debt—and not intending by my motion to
indicate anything like hostility to the measure of
the Senator from California, for I intend to vote
for his bill, provided it can be put into the right
shape, for one road, and not for six—for the pur-
pose of testing the sense of the Senate, I move that
the bill providing " for the payment of such cred-
itors of the late Republic of Texas as are compre-
hended by the act of Congress of September 9th,
1850,"be taken up, forthe purpose of being made
the special order for to-morrow at one o'clock.
Mr. SHIELDS. I wish to say to my honor-
able friend from Indiana, that it will be proper to
refer the Pacific railroad bill when two or three
points in reference to it shall have been settled.
One is, whether we shall have one road, or a main
trunk and branches. Another is, whether we
shall leave it in the bill undetermined where the
road is to commence and where it is to end. I
think that when those questions shall have been
settled by the Senate, it would be well to put the
bill into the hands of a committee for readjust-
ment and repreparation, and that can be done
perhaps during to-day and to-morrow. I would
therefore suggest to him to select Saturday for
the bill of the honorable Senator from Maryland,
which he proposes to take up to-morrow. I
think it is better to continue the same subject until
we bring it to some kind of a conclusion. Sat-
urday is a day which we can appropriate to the
Texas debt question, without interfering with the
Pacific railroad bill.
Mr. HUNTER. It is a matter of indifference
to me personally whether the Senate take up the
bill for the payment of the debt of Texas to-day
or to-morrow; but I think it ought to be disposed
of. I have no idea, I have no hope, that the
Senate can settle upon the details of such a bill as
one proposing a railroad to the Pacific. I do not
believe that the Senate can act as a committee
upon such a projet as that. It will have to be re-
ferred. As I have no expectation that the Senate
will dispose of it in its details, and as I think it
will have to be referred ultimately, I believe we
should save time by agreeing to the motion of the
Senator from Maryland, and determine to take up
the Texas debt bill to-morrow. I shall therefore
vote with him on that question.
Mr. RUSK. The bill introduced by the honor-
able Senator from California, proposing a railroad
i to the Pacific ocean, has undergone the investiga-
tion of a committee. All the material provisions
of that bill came from the Committee on Territo-
ries, and were reported from that committee, after
considerable investigation at the last session. The
reference of that bill now to a committee, it seems
to me, would be its death-blow. It came here
matured to a great extent from the Committee on
Territories, and I moved, forthe purpose of avail-
ing ourselves of the indications of the majority
of the Senate, in regard to any amendments to
that bill, to take up another bill this morning on
the same subject—for there are three or four dif-
ferent projects before the Senate—and I have had
it referred to the consideration of a special com-
mittee. That committee can go on while the dis-
| cussion is proceeding in the Senate, and it will be
j aided in its investigations, and in coming to a con-
1 elusion, by the suggestions and votes of the Sen-
ate. The bill proposing a railroad to California,
if we mean to do anything at aM upon that subject,
ought to be acted upon, and acted upon promptly;
and there is but one other subject which I shall
vote to give a preference over it, and that is the
question in relation to the debt of Texas.
More than twelve months ago the subject of the
Texas debt was brought before the Senate of the
United States, by various petitions presented here,
which were referred to the Committee on Finance.
In presenting one of them, I made some remarks
upon the subject, and begged the committee to
give us an early report upon the question, that k
might be brought up, acted upon, and settled by
the Senate during the last session of Congress.
The committee made a report before the close of
the session, but it was at a time when we had no
opportunity to consider it. I have voted to give
it a preference over all other business, and much
anxiety as I feel upon the subject of the California
railroad bill, I shall vote upon all occasions to
give the Texas debt bill the preference.
I think, however, that there can be no difficulty
about our going on with the Pacific railroad bill
