1S5&
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
351
to-day, and taking up the Texas debt bill to-mor- '
row. This matter of the Pacific railroad is not
one which we *an run through in a day. It re-
quires examination; it requires strict investigation,
and a comparison of the provisions of the various
bills which have been reported upon the subj ct,
in order to come to a practicable conclusion; and
it seems to me it woula be beneficial to discuss to-
day the amendments which may be offered, and
then the select committee could be guided by the
votes of the Senate, and take to-moraow to reflect
upon it, while this bill in relation to the debt of
Texas was being considered.
Mr. CASS. I hope that my honorable friend
from California will accede to the proposition to
allow his bill to go before the special committee
which has been raised this morning on the motion
of the Senator from Texas. I suggested to him
some days ago, that it would be impossible for a
body composed of sixty-two men, in open session,
to arrange the details of such a bill. I said it
would be difficult to understand the bearing of one
section upon another, unless more attention was
bestowed upon it than we generally give here in
the Chamber. Every day shows the impractica-
bility of our getting along with that bill in all its
details. , My friend from Illinois suggests that
when we shall have proceeded far enough to as-
certain these principal facts, to wit, the course of
the road, its termination,and how it shall be done,
we may then refer it.
Mr. SHIELDS. Perhaps I was not distinctly
understood by the honorable Senator. I said that
when the Senate shall have determined that we are
to have one road,and but one road, to the Pacific;
and when it shall have determined, as I think it
will determine, to leave the terminus open to be
hereafter designated by the President of the United
States; and shall have determined another point,
whether it shall be confined to the Territories, or
extended to the States; when it shall have deter-
mined these three points, the bill ought to be re-
ferred to a committee, in order to prepare it to suit
the wishes of the Senate thus expressed.
. Mr. CASS. I will appeal to my honorable
friend to say, if we have npt gone already far
enough to know that we are to have but one road,
and that the bill we shall pass, if we pass any,
■will indicate no direction, and no termini for that
road ? That is as clear as any fact can be, and I
think it was ably announced by the Senator from
Tennessee, the other day. We can have but one
road; and if you undertake to put the termini of
the road or its direction in the bill, it will fail, and
as I observed in the commencement, we shall
fritter away the real strength of the friends of the
measure on questions of detail. We have gone
far enough to ascertain that.
Mr. SHIELDS. I think so.
Mr. CASS. That, therefore, furnishes no ob- |
jection to its reference at this time. My honor- '
able friend from Texas suggests that we can con- :
tinue the discussion upon the bill of the honorable
Senator from California, and let the examination
of the committee goon with the other bill. Why,
both relate to the same subject and the same object.
Why do you want to send, one bill to a committee
and discuss the other here in open session at the
same time ? It is entirely a work of supereroga-
tion. Both bills relate to the same topic. They
propose but different details of the same measure,
and if one goes before a committee, that commit-
tee should nave the whole subject under its con-
sideration , and all the bills can go with it. I think
it most be obvious to every gentleman that we
are wasting our time in fruitless discussion; for
we have gone far enough to ascertain the great
outline, to wit, that we must not touch the direc-
tion of the road, and we must not hare branches.
That is my belief. I think, under the circum-
stances, that the honorable gentleman from Cali-
fornia had better let his bill go with the other, so
that the committee can have both under aonsider-
ation, and rep6rt«pon the whole subject.
Mr. BTJTLfifc. To-morrow will be Friday,
and by a fair understanding, as I think, with the
honorable Senator from New Hampshire, [Mr.
Hale,) a subject whirto was discussed on last
Friday ,is to be taken up to-morrow, under the
general understanding that Friday should be de-
voted to private bills. But I find that if these
different great projects are to be taken up and dis- '
cussed, they will exclude the bill to which I refer, in i
Which I hare an interest for a constituent of mine, i
A particular subject was set apart for consider-
I ation some days since—the bill in reference to the
: Texas debt—and upon that, I presume the honor-
able Senator from Maryland is fully prepared;
and it ought to be taken up to-day on that account.
Allow me to say so on another account. It was
said ofthe Nile that it wasagod. I think that this
Pacific railroad project comes nearer being the
subject of deification than anything else I have
ever heard of in the Senate. Every one is trying
to show his zeal in worshipping this great road.
; Where it is to run, nobody knows. WThy, if a
, man had a farm to-morrow, and had a road to run
! through it, he would have it surveyed first, before
1 he would undertake to say where the road should
j be. Yet we have here so many zealous advocates
I of this great system of regulating commerce, that
'■ they are willing to give, absolutely, to the Presi-
dent the power to say where that channel shall be,
and what it shall be. I am not one of those gen-
tlemen. If we are to take up the subject of a
Pacific railroad, I wish to take it up upon surveys
| and reconnoissances; I wish to have proper mate-
rials and data before me upon which to decide, on
my responsibility as a Senator, and not leave it to
1 the President to say where the tefmini o'fthis road
I shall be. But I got up to ask that Mr. Wigg's
| case might be taken up to-morrow, and that it
might not be prejudiced by setting apart that day
J for any other matter.
Mr. BRIGHT. Upon the question of referring
the Pacific railroad bill it is proper that, as a
member of the Committee on lloaas and Canals,
I should claim for that committee that which
really belongs to il? For what purpose is there a
committee raised called " the Committee on Roads
and Canals?" Is it not for the purpose of con-
sidering just such questions as those involved in
the bill of the honorable Senator from California ?
When his bill first came up I claimed for the com-
mittee that which I felt belonged to it; but when
I found that the honorable Senator was opposed
to having this bill go before any committee, I did
not insist on a reference. I said then,' what I be-
lieve the Senate will realize before the question is
disposed of, and in that I concur with the honor-
able Senator from Michigan, that before the de-
tails of the bill could be perfected by the Senate,
before the Senate could be brought to any practi-
cal question, the bill must go through the ordeal
of a committee. Whenever the Senate shall come
to that conclusion, I shall insist that it go to the
Committee on Roads and Canals; not that I am
very anxious to multiply the immense amount of
business which I now have on hand, but for the
reason that the question legitimately belongs there,
and I feel that I should be doing my colleagues
on the committee injustice if I did not claim for
them the consideration of that business which I
regard it as their right to consider.
I do not belong to that class of Senators referred
to by the honorable gentleman from South Caro-
lina. I have no great anxiety to worship this road
either generally or in its details. I am friendly to
the measure. I intend to vote for a road from
some point on our western frontier to some point
on the Pacific, and I am in favor of appropriating
lands liberally for that object; but when the ques-
tion comes up of taking money out of the national
Treasury for such a work, it will be time enough
for me to decide whether I favor that proposition
or not.
I did not, however, rise for the puiyose of dis-
cussing the question now. I do not intend to in-
sist upon a reference of the bill at this time; I
merely wish to give notice to the honorable Sena-
tor from California, that if the Senate decide to
refer the measure, I shall insist, for one, upon its
going to the Committee on Roads and Canals. _
A word, now, in reference to the motion which
I have made. I think it is due to the Committee
on Finance, that the bill providing for the pay-
ment of the creditors of Texas should be disposed
of, that they may. see whether the Senate will de-
fer action or act upon it. I hope the honorable
Senator from California will consent that to-mor-
row we may take up that bill and go forward with
it, feeling quite sure that by doing so, we can then
dispose of it.
Mr. BADGER. I do not wish, Mr. President,
to take any part in this particular discussion. I
am willing that this matter shall take any course
the Senate shall think advisable. With regard
to the California railroad bill, there seems to be
great force and strength in the observations which
have been made by the honorable Senator from
Indiana, that, if it is to be referred, it ought to go
to the appropriate committee. For myself, I dif-
fer from that honorable Senator in one respect. I
know nothing, or at least not much, about the
details of the particular measure presented by the
honorable Senator from California; but for the
great object I am ready to go, and to go cordially,
and to give it full and ample assistance; and I am
willing to give that assistance not only by a grant
of land, but I am willing that the money of the
Government, to any reasonable extent, shall be
afforded for its accomplishment, under proper reg-
ulations and safeguards. It is a great national
object. It is one that ought to meet with favor
and assistance. It deeply concerns the interests
of the whole country, and it is incumbent on us,
as we have an empire now on the Pacific, that
we should- see the object accomplished with all
reasonable diligence.
But, sir, I am like my friend from South Caro-
lina; I did not get up with a view of saying this,
but my real object was to bee that we would not
consume the whole day in debating what we
would do, but would proceed to take the question
upon the motion of the Senator from Indiana.
Mr. BRIGHT. As there seems to be a dispo-
sition on the part of the Senate to go on with the
Texas debt bill to-day, I modify my motion so
as to take it up for consideration now.
Mr. GWIN. I look upon it, that if the Texas
debt bill, important as it is, can override the prop-
osition for a railroad to the Pacific, we may con-
sider that the latter is killed for the present session.
We have got but thirty-five legislative days of the
session remaining, and I think we ought to make
the best use of our time.
I want the Senator from Indiana to understand
that I have no objection to my bill going to the
Committee on Roads and Canals, if it be referred
at all. I would just as soon allow it to go to that
committee as to any other; but I said in the begin-
ning, that whenever it should be referred it would
be killed for thiB Congress; and no gentleman who
looks at the question can come to any other con-
clusion.than that such a proposition, whether so
intended or not, is a side-blow to destroy it. I
can understand very well why the honorable Sena-
tor from South Carolina and the honorable Sena-
tor from Virginia wish the bill referred.
Mr. BUTLER. Why is it?
Mr. GWIN. Because I do not think you in-
tend to vote for it; that is my view. But I know
that my friend from Indiana intends to vote for
some such bill, and so does the Senator from
Michigan, who proposes to let it go to a commit-
tee. I would say to him that we have had com-
mittee after committee upon the subject. Various
committees have reported bills which the Senate
could not agree to, and I hope now that we shall
go on with my bill. I do n6t wish to interfere
with the proceedings of the Senate in other mat-
ters, but I hope the Senate will go- on with and
finish the Pacific railroad bill. I confess that I
have a deep interest in the bill which I have
brought before the Senate for the construction of a
railroad to the Pacific; but I am not wedded to
that particular form of accomplishing the object.
You may strike out the whole of the bill after the
enacting clause. I want to get the road built, and
I do not care particularly about the form of ac-
complishing the object. It is evident to me that
the only way to get the road established—to get
the act on the statute-book—is to go on and con-
sider the question, ascertain the views ofthe body,
and come to a conclusion. I am entirely opposed
to putting the measure aside for the Texas debt
bill, or any other.
Mr. BUTLER. I wish to give one word of
explanation. The honorable Senator from Cali-
fornia [Mr. Gwin] seems to assume that I shall
vote against the bill he has brought forward. I
think it probable I Bhall vote against the bill as it
is; but I hope I am not so devoid of judgment as
not to halve it in my power to give a preference to
one bill over another. It may be a tery import-
ant matter to decide which bill or which amend-
ment I should vote for. I may have a choice be-
tween different bills, and I may vote for one bill
and not for another; I may vote for one in prefer-
ence to another. I think that is very fair. But
the Senator must assume that he knows too much
of my political opinions, unless he thinks that I
