852
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 20.
stick to the Constitution rather too tight. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. WELLER. I agree with my colleague,
that if we intend to accomplish anything by act-
ing upon this bill at the present session of Con-
gress, it is necessary to keep it before the Senate.
The fairest way. as it seems to me, is to have a
full and free interchange of views here, in order to
ascertain, if possible, some practicable way to
construct the proposed road. I am assuming that
a majority of the members of this body are m
favor of the construction of a railroad to the Pa-
cific. After there has been a free interchange of
opinion here, we can readily decide what plan will
be the most acceptable to a majority of the Senate,
and then the proper time will have arrived to refer
the whole subject to one of the regular committees
of this body, with a view to the perfection of the
plan in accordance with the views thus ascer-
tained.
The Senator from South Carolina [Mr. Butler]
is ranked among those who oppose this measure;
and my friend from Virginia [Mr. Hunter] be-
longs to the same class of politicians. In my
judgment, if their views were carried out, it would
render this Government a very impracticable one.
I think it is highly important that this subject
should be kept before the Senate, in order to as-
certain some practicable route. As I have re-
marked upon a previous occasion, 1 am wedded to
no particular scheme, and no particular plan.
There are some other plans which 1 would prefer
to the one proposed by my colleague. I desire to
have a road, and I desire to have that plan adopted
which, in the judgment of the Senate, will be best
calculated to accomplish the object in the shortest
possible time. What good can possibly result
from a reference of this subject to a committee,
after it has been but partially considered? We
ought to continue the discussion until we ascertain
the views of Senators, and then refer it to a com-
mittee, with a view to perfect it in accordance
with those ascertained opinions.
With regard to the constitutional power involved
in this question, I trust that we have as high a
regard for the Constitution as the Senator from
South Carolina. I claim to be as strict a con-
structionist as he is; but if I could not demon-
strate the power of the General Government, un-
der the Constitution, to construct that railroad, I
should fail to demonstrate what is perfectly clear |
to my own mind. But this is not the proper time
to discuss that question. I regard the proposition
of the Senator from Virginia as calculated to de-
feat this bill. I do not know whether it was so
intended or not, but I think that such would be
the effect inevitably.
Mr. HUNTER. What proposition of mine
does the Senator refer to ?
Mr. SHIELDS. The proposition to take up
the Texas debt bill was made by the Senator from
Indiana, fMr. Bright.]
Mr. WELLER. 1 thought it was the Senator
from Virginia. I am ready to dispose of the Texas
debt question; but as the railroad bill has been
taken up and partially discussed, it will be more
profitable to continue the discussion until we as-
certain the views of the majority of the Senate
upon it.
Mr. BORLAND. I shall not enter into any
discussion on the merits of the Texas debt bill;
but I shall simply give the reason why I shall vote
against the motion of the Senator from Indiana.
Work as faithfully as we may upon the Pacific
railroad bill, we have no time to spare, in my
opinion, during the remainder of this session, that
is, if we entertain any hope of passing the bill;
and I deem it of so much more importance than
any and all other measures now before the Con- I
gress of the United Slates, that I shall vote against 1
any proposition to give anything else precedence
over it, even for one hour.
Mr. WALKER. The Senators who have pre-
ceded me have expressed views which I entertain;
but I wish to advert to an observation made by
the Senator from Texaa. He said that these cred-
itors have been before Congress for twelve months,
asking that we should take up and act on their
petition and decide upon it. Why, sir, they are
but private claimants; and I will concede that it
is hard enough that they should have been here
t wel i-e months asking justice at the hands of Con- !
gress; but how many hundreds are there who
bave been hare not only twelve months but ten, 1
fifteen, and twenty years, asking justice? It
seems to me if there was not a collection of these
creditors—if they had not come, as it were, in an
embodied form, the subject-matter of their petition
would seem no larger in our estimation than va-
rious other claims on the Government which are
now, and have been for a long time, before Con-
gress; and yet we cannot get even one day in the
week, it seems, devoted to their consideration,
when it is now proposed upon the instant, at the
demand of these creditors, to set aside everything
else, even a matter so important as this railroad
bill, and give their claim the preference and act
upon it. I am averse to pursuing such a course;
and I am one of those who will stand by the Pa-
cific railroad bill, believing, as I do, that if it is
sent from the Senate Chamber now, it will not get
back to be acted upon during this session.
I shall vote against the reference of the railroad
bill -for the reason that I concur in the opinion
expressed by the Senator from California, that
no committee can report a proposition upon which
there will not be as much discussion as upon the
one now before us. It is one of those things which
a committee cannot settle in the first instance. It
is one of great magnitude. It affects the interests
of every portion of the country, and every portion
desires to have something to say in reference to
it, and they will have it to say. After it has been
before a committee a week, and they have matured
it as well as they can mature any proposition, and
it has been brought back here, it will be but a
week lost, for the whole discussion will have to
be gone over again. My opinion is, that if there
be a majority in the Senate willing to entertain this
subject, they had better keep it under discussion,
to the exclusion of everything else until the Senate
has matured, or found out, at least, what it will
consent to. These are my views; and I do hope
that the subject of the Texas creditors will not be
taken up in preference to the railroad bill.
Mr. BRIGHT. The Senator seems to forget
that the bill in relation to the Texas debts was the
first special order made at the opening of this
session. It was the first special order appointed I
after we met. The Senator from Maryland, [Mr. I
Pearce,] who reported it, gave way for the pur- I
pose of permitting the honorable Senator from i
California to go forward with his measure, hoping
that before this time it would be taken up.
j Mr. GWIN. If the Senator will excuse me—
that was not the reason why that bill was passed
over. On the day for which it was made the
| special order, the Senator from Maryland was not
| prepared to go on with his remarks; and for that
I reason it was passed over.
| Mr. BRIGHT. The Senator from Maryland .
] was not prepared on the day appointed with some
data, some calculations, which ne desired to sub-
mit to the Senate. It was, therefore, passed over,
with the understanding that it would be taken up
as soon as he was ready. He has been ready
from that day forward, but has been unwilling to
interfere with the measure of the honorable Sena-
tor from California. Now, when it becomes so
! apparent that his measure is to engross the greater
part of the residue of the session, if Senators in-
sist upon keeping it before the Senate, I feel, as
one of the Committee on Finance, that it is my
duty to insist that the Texas debt -bill be taken up
and disposed of. It is due to those who are inter-
ested in this mattej-that it should be disposed of.
Mr. CHASE. When this bill was first brought
before the Senate, I moved its reference to the
Committee on Roads and Canals; and it was then
objected that if the bill were referred, no satisfac-
tory measure would be matured at this session. I
did not insist upon that motion, and finally it was
agreed that a bill providing for aitelegraph to Cali-
fornia should be taken up> and made a special or-
der, with the understanding that when that bill
should be taken up, this bill should be moved as a
substitute for it. Accordingly, when the day ar-
rived, that bill was set aside by general consent,
and this was substituted for it. We have pro-
ceeded for some days in its discussion. It is un-
doubtedly a question of very greatimportance; but
1 must demur to the idea which seems to be enter-
tained by some, that because this is a complicated
subject, and embraces a great variety of interests,
it should, therefore, not be referred to a commit-
tee. What subjects are proper for reference ?
Sometimes we hear objections to reference because
the matters for consideration are so extremely sim-
ple that every Senator can easily make up his
mind. Now, Senators object to refer this subject,
because it is so complex, and so extensive in its
ramifications and connections. It seems to me
this is precisely the case which should have been
referred to a committee in the beginning, and
which should be referred now. But I shall yield
whatever opinion I may have upon that matter
very cheerfully to the general wish of the Senate.
I mean now only to say, that if this subject is
not to be referred, we should, in my judgment,
persevere in its consideration until we finally dis-
pose of it. Certainly the Texas debt is of no
greater importance than the Pacific road. It neither
concerns so many persons, nor does it call upou ua
so urgently for action. I shall go, therefore, if this
bill is not to be referred, with the Senators from
California in endeavoring to keep it before the
Senate until we have made some final disposition
of it. Our experience teaches us, if it teaches us
anything, that if we discuss a subject one day and
then postpone it for a time, for the consideration
of some other matter, and then take it up again,
the benefit of all the previous discussion is lost,,
and we have to travel over the same ground. I
shall be very well contented to refer this bill. So
far from delaying the great object sought to be ac-
complished, my judgment is, that the proper com-
mittee taking up the subject and considering it,
could present a scheme which would be likely to
command a majority of the votes in this Chaml er.
Reference would facilitate the passage of a proper
measure. But I shall make no motion, and, if no
other Senator moves a reference, 1 shall unite with
the Senator from California, in voting to take up
his bill.
Mr. BELL. Mr. President, if the Senate is
ready to have a vote upon this question, I will not
say a word; but if the discussion is to be pursued,
I have something to say. I will sit down and see.
Mr. WALKER and others. " Question !"
Mr. RUSK. I desire to know of the Senator
from Maryland whether he wishes to have this
subject go over and be made the special order for
to-morrow, or whether he desires to have it con-
sidered to-day.
Mr. PEARCE. I prefer taking it up at once;
but if that is not done, I hope it will be the under-
standing of the Senate that it shall be taken up to-
morrow.
Mr. BUTLER. I shall have to object to that.
I am willing to extend any courtesy 
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will state a
point of order. The bill must first be taken up
before a discussion upon making it the special or-
der for to-morrow can be indulged in.
Several Senators. Take it up.
Mr. BORLAND. As I understand the bill re-
lating to the creditors of Texas, it is, in its true
character, a private bill. The remarks of the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin [Mr. Walker] struck me
with a great deal of force. It stands upon the
same foundation, so far as the real merits of the
bill are concerned, so far as the interests of the
creditors are concerned, as any other private bill,
the only difference being that this bill appropriatea
$5,000,000, and the other private claims are for
only $500, or perhaps $1,000 each. 1 can see no
reason why we should be governed by any con-
sideration favorable to this claim over and above
the considerations which should influence us with
regard to smaller claims by persons perhapa
equally or even more needy. If, sir, we pass by
all private claims made by those who ask only for
small sums, I ask how far we may not justify the
imputation which we see is cast upon this body
and the other House every day by the public
press, that small private claims cannot be got
through Congress, while one for millions can?
That imputation is cast upon us everyday; and
it is said that to make sure of the allowance of a
claim, you must make one for millions of dollars.
There was a question before us the other day upon
a private claim of great merit, upon which the
honorable Senator from South Carolina [Mr. But-
ler] offered his views, and proposed to offer them
again and urge upon the Senate its merits. That
is a claim, so far as I could understand, which
appeals to every consideration which should gov-
ern the judgment and determine the action of this
body. And yet it is objected to taking that up
because it is for a small sum. Shall we give pre-
cedence, then, to a claim which has no other su-
perior demand upon our attention except that it
