THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
33d Congrkss, 2d Session.
FRIDAY, JANUARY 21, 1853.
New Serieb....No. 33.
involves a greater sum ? If we do, I submit to the |
Senate how far we shall justify the imputations .
cast upon us to which I have referred.
Mr. BRIGHT. The remarks of the honor- ,
able Senator from Arkansas demand a reply. This ;
is no private claim. It is a public claim, and one
in which the Government of the United States is
deeply interested. Five millions of dollars have
already been appropriated to Texas, and under a
decision of the Secretary of the Treasury, Texas
cannot touch one dollar of that money. It is in
the Treasury of the United States, drawing five
per cent, interest; and we are found in the attitude
of holding $£0,000,000 surplus in the Treasury,
and paying interest on five millions. Now, I say
this is a great public question. We have the
money and are prepared to pay it; but one of our
administrative officers has decided that he cannot
pay it under existing laws. The object of this
bill is to decide that question, and stopthe interest
upon this five millions of dollars. That is the
important point in this case; therefore, it is no
private bill. It is not urged upon those grounds.
Mr. BORLAND. This is no proposition to
pay money, as I understand it, to the State of
Texas. It is to pay money directly out of the
Treasury to the creditors of the State of Texas.
No one denies tiat, and I apprehend the Senator
from Texas himself will not deny that the Secre-
tary of the Treasury has given the true interpre-
tation to the law passed upon the subject giving
the five millions of dollars. That is generally
acquiesced in as the true interpretation. There
may be some who deny it—the creditors of Texas
deny it, of course. But I learn from good author-
ity that this bill is not simply to pay the five mil-
lions already appropriated, but to increase it, by
three millions more, making in alt the sum of j
eight millions, instead of five. 1 ask the Senator j
if is is not so ? The bill is not simply to interpret
the law so as to pay that which is already appro-
priated, but it is to make a new appropriation of
three millions. I may be mistaken, but I have re-
ceived my information from what I consider good
authority.
Mr. FEARCE. In order to answer the Sena-
tor from Arkansas properly, it would be necessary
. to go into the details of this bill more than would
be proper upon the question now pending. I may
be permitted to say, however, in reply, that al-
though the object of this bill is to pay certain
debts which the creditors of Texas claim to be
binding upon the United States, it goes a great
deal further than that; it involves a great public
question; it involves national considerations; the
Suestion of national law, and the construction of
le compact between this Government and that of
Texas. It is, therefore, eminently a public bill,
of the highest public importance. I do not know
that there is any Senator in this body who will be
influenced, in coming to a decision upon this ques-
tion, by the consideration which the Senator from
Arkansas seems to think must improperly actuate
some of the members of this body. Sir, the
magnitude of the sum involved in this bill will
undoubtedly have no effect upon the vote of any
honest man, and I trust we are all honest and
honorable men ip the Senate of the United States,
and that the Senator did not mean to cast reproach
upon the Senate or any member of it, though his
language Blight seem to imply it.
Mr. BORLAND. The Senator does me. no ;
more than justice in saying that I intended to cast ;
no imputation upon the Senate. But I alluded to '
the imputation which is cast, as the Senatoi knows,
upon the Senate, and on both Houses of Copgress,
that these considerations do influence as—I do not
speak of corrupt influences—but that the magni- :
tide of a claim does determine our action, and
give a large claim precedence over a smaller one,
Mr. PEARCE. In reply to the Senator, allow 1
me to say, this bill, as has been stated by the Sen-
ator from Indiana, [Mr. Bright,] was reported
at the last session of Congress. It was made the
first special order by the Senate at this session,
being made the special order for the 6th 'day of
January. On. the 6th of January, it was post-
23
r>ned, at my request, until a subsequent day, that
might obtain some further information which I
deemed necessary for the satisfaction of the Senate,
i When that subsequent day arrived, the_ Senate
' was plunged into the vortex of foreign politics, that
1 great maelstrom whidi seems likely to swallow up
| the Senate, and everything that pertains to its
j business. This subject has given way from one
I day to another. The creditors have waited con-
tentedly while one subject and another was taken
j up, and now, after this long delay, when it is
i asked that the bpll may be taken up now, or made
the special order for to-morrow, in order that we
may proceed to its consideration, I think it should
be done.
Mr. RUSK. There are two sides to this ques-
tion, and the honorable Senator from Wisconsin
has mistaken the side on which I am. There is
a claim preferred by the creditors of Texas against
the Government of the United States for the pay-
ment of the debts due them by that State. There
is a large number of them. There are also serious
charges against the State of Texas. The news-
papers have been full of representations of various
descriptions in relation to the questions involved
in this bill. Books have been written, and exten-
sively circulated, reflecting seriously upon the
character of the State which I have the honor to
represent here, and this bill involves that reputa-
tion too. I do not go for taking up this bill be-
cause I stand here in the attitude of an advocate
-of the creditors of Texas, but because certain im-
putations and charges have been thrown out against
Texas, in regard to repudiation, and other things,
which I have made a pledge to transfer from the
shoulders of the Government of Texas, and attach
| to the Government of the United States; and un-
less I fail to handle the testimony properly, I shall
do that. Thatis my object.
I Mr. SEWARp. As I understand the question
before the Senate, it is whether we shall take up
the bill in relation to the debts of Texas to-day
or to-morrow. I think we had better take the
question now, because if we do not, we shall be
anticipated by the arrival of to-morrow. I hope,
therefore, we shall take the question.
On motion by Mr. WELLER, the yeas and
nays were ordered; and being taken, they were—
yeas 23, nays 27; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Badger, Bright, Brodbead,
Ruder, Charlton, Cooper, De Saussure, Dixon, Houston,
Hunter, Jones of Tennessee, Mason, Miller, Morton,
Pearce, Pettit, Rusk, Seward, Smith, Spra&nce, Toucey,
and Underwood—33.
NAYS—Messrs. Atchison, Bell, Borland, Brooke, Cass,
Chase, Clarke, Davis, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa,
Downs, Fetch, Fish, Geyer, Gwin, Hamilton, Jones of Iowa,
Mangnm, Norris, Phelps, Sebastian, Shields, Soufc, Sum-
ner,, wade, Walker, and Weller—27.
So the motion to take up the bill was rejected.
TEXAS CREDITORS.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I believe, by common con-
sent, it is understood that we are to take up the
Texas debt bill to-morrow. I have an amend-
ment, in the form of a substitute for the whole
bill,.which I intend to offer to it when it is taken
up. I desire now informally to submit it, and
ask for its printing.
It was ordered to be printed.
RAILROAD TO THE PACIFIC.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the bill " authorizing
'the construction of a railroad and branches, for
' establishing a certain postal communication be-
' tween theshores of the Pacific and Atlantic within
' the United States, for the protection and facilities
' of travel and commerce, and for the necessary
'defenses of the country.".
The PRESIDENT. The pending question is
on the amendment offered by the Senator from
Ohio, [Mr. Chase.]
Mr. ADAMS. I desire to correct a misreport
of some remarks' which I made yesterday. I am
reported as having said:
" I would be willing, however, and even glad, to see al-
ternate sections of land by which you will improve the value
of die lands reserved to the United States, equal to the
grant given to the States of Arkansas, Missouri, Louisiana,
and California, fbr the purpose of building railroads, having
reference to the ultimate connection of the Atlantic and
Pacific, by railroad communication."
I stated that I was willing to grant to those
States alternate sections for a reasonable distance
on each side, with the view of building roads,
having reference to the object contemplated by the
bill. My remarks were misapprehended by the
reporter.
Mr. CHASE. Upon consultation with several
Senators who desire a single road, I find it impos-
sible to agree precisely as to the terms in which
the amendment shall be worded; I have, therefore,
prepared an amendment which expresses my own
view upon this subject. It is in some degree a
modification of the one which I have already sub-
mitted. I propose to substitute for that amend-
ment the following: to strike out all of the first
section after the word "railroad," and insert in
lieu thereof the words:
From San Francisco, in California, by the most direct
and feasible ronte, to gome point on the Missouri river, not
below Independence, in Missouri, nor above Kanesville, in
Iowa.
The PRESIDENT. If there be no objection,
the Senator from Ohio will have leave to with-
draw the amendment which he first offered; and
this will be received.
There was no objection.
Mr. CHASE. It is apparent thgit there are very
different opinions in this Chamber in regard to the
termini of this road. There is probably but onepoint
upon which a majority, at the present moment,
is agreed, and that is, that (Jiere shall be a road.
There is another point upon which perhaps there
may be an approximation to an agreement, and
that is, that the road should be constructed from
the Pacific ocean to some point upon, the frontier
of one of our western States, upon such a route as
will accommodate, the largest amount of commerce
and the greatest number of people.' As jto the pre-
cise location of the route, there are differences of
opinion. My amendment is designed to ascertain
the sense of the Senate as to one of the routes.
There can be no doubt, from the surveys which
have been made of the country—some ten or twelve
different explorations by different individuals—
that there are several quite practicable rputes. We
are not tied up, by the formation of the country, to
any particular location. We may take the ex-
treme southern or the extreme northern route, Or
we may take the middle loute between the two,
proceeding westward through what are commonly
known as " The Parks," crossing the interval be-
tween the Rocky Mountains and the Sierr% Ne-
vada, and finding some suitable pass through the
Sierra Nevada to San Francisco.
It has been said that there is no practicable pass
through this range north of Walker's Pass. I
cannot speak confidently as to that; but if I am
rightly informed by gentlemen whoare thoroughly
conversant with that section of the country, it is
by no means yet a settled question whether such
a pass exists or not; and judging from the general
character of the mountain's range, it seems to me
quite probable that a practicable route will be found
through that range. It seems quite likely that the
Sierra Nevada will yet be pierced by railroads at
various points, a8 the Alleganies already are. At
all events, my amendment proposes to settle but
one thing. It proposes to fix San Francisco—the
great center of commerce upon the Pacific at this
moment—as the terminus upon the Pacific; and
it proposes to take the point at the eastern end of
the road where the largest system of railroads is
at present concentrating. It has the advantage to
which I referred yesterday, that the State of Mis-
souri has already provided for the construction
of a railroad from St. Louis to Independence.
The resources necessary to the completion of the
work have been supplied, partly by the liberality
of Congress, and partly by the wisdom of the
State of Missouri. Tnjs amendment proposes
that we shall avail ourselves of that road, ana pro-
ceed west from its termination, by the most direct
and feasible route, leaving all that niatter to the
discretion of the Executive, or, as I would very
much prefer, to the discretion and. prudence of
