354
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 20,
those who are willing to embark their capital in
the enterprise, as an open and unsettled question.
I am anxious to avoid consumption of time. I
present this proposition as one which seems to
me entitled to the favorable consideration of the
Senate, and as a means of ascertaining, in the
speediest practicable manner, the sense of the Sen-
ate on the question of the route. I apprehend
that when that is settled by a general concurrence,
the remaining questions will give us comparatively
little trouble. Upon the amendment I trust the
Senate will indulge me with the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BELL. I attempted yesterday to get a
modification of the amendment proposed by the
Senator from #hio. I supposed at one time that
he had agreed to it; but afterwards it was found
that he could not accord in all the particulars of
my proposed modification. I proposed that we
should strike out of the bill that provision which
fixes the eastern terminus of the road at Fulton,
or at some point in the southwest corner of Ar-
kansas, and that the location of the terminus should
be intrusted to the Executive of the United States,
■with such lights as he already had before him—the
numerous explorations and reconnoissances which
have been published—and any additional ones
which he might find it necessary to order. But
that is not satisfactory to the Senator from Ohio.
His amendment is placed upon the ground that
when the portion of the bill which he proposes to
strike out is stricken out, the terminus ought to
be fixed either at St. Louis or north of St. Louis.
I betfeve I do not misapprehend the amendment of
the Senator. Now, sir, with that object in view,
I cannot arote lo strike out that clause of the first
section which proposes to fix the terminus on the
Red river; for although that may seem, as I stated
yesterday, to have a sectional aspect, yet the Sen-
ator's proposition is not less obnoxious to the
same objection. I would not vote to strike out
the one and insert the other, although I would be
perfectly willing that the whole question should be
left to the judgment—the largest exercise of that
judgment—of the Executive of the United States,
and let the section which I in part have the honor
to represent here take the risk of a proper decision
upon that subject.
But that is not satisfactory to all the members
of this body. Some of the friends of the bill in-
sist that this road shall have its eastern terminus
northward. I will not say that I fee 1 confident
that that would not afford the best location for the
terminus of the road, and that in the end the road
will not have to commence either at St. Louis or
§ome point north of it; but, on the other hand, I
. am not at all satisfied but that the terminus ought
to be south of St. Louis, or that the terminus on
the Red river, as fixed by thebjll, will not befound
" to be the very best location from which can be
made the cheapestand shortest route. We have no
satisfactory information before us to determine
our judgment either way upon this point. It was
for that reason, and because I thought it opened
to all the sections of the west—northwest, south-
west, and the middle States of the west, I mean—
an equal and just participation in the chances and
risks of the location, that I made my proposition.
The location will at last have to be determined by
the nature of the formation of the country, and
not by any particular sectional interest—not by
any supposed great line of communication, of
emigration, or commerce. The road will have, in
its main feature, in regard to the location of the
route, to be determined by the natural formation
of the country, and by those passes in the mount-
ains which shall be found practicable, in opposi-
tion to those which are impracticable except at an
enormous and unnecessary cost. I rose merely
for the purpose of saying, that with the object
avowed by the honorable Senator from Ohio, I
cannot vote to strike out this clause of the bill.
Mr. SMITH. I have a few words to say upon
this subject. I am opposed to the proposition
which has been brought before the Senate by the
honorable Senator from Ohio, for the same reason
that I am opposed to the original provision of the
b;n.
Mr. SEWARD. Will you state what the pro-
vision is?
Mr. SMITH. The original provision is, that
the eastAn terminus of the main stem of the road
shall be on the Red river, near the southwestern
corner of the State of Arkansas. The Senator
from Ohio proposes that Congress shall determine
that the eastern terminus shall be somewhere on
the Missouri river, between the town of Independ-
ence, Missouri, and Kanesville, in Iowa. In
other words, the framer of the bill calls upon the
Senate and upon Congress to determine peremp-
torily that some point on Red river, near the south-
western corner of Arkansas, is the proper eastern
terminus of the road. The honorable Senator
from Ohio proposes that we shall determine per-
emptorily that the proper eastern terminus of the
road shall be at some point on the Missouri river,
between the towns of Independence and Kanes-
ville. I must acknowledge that I have a very
strong impression on my mind that the honorable
Senator from Ohio is rigntirrhis assumption upon
this subject; but at the same time, I do not believe
that we have the information before us that would
justify us in coming to any such determination. 1
do not believe we nave any information before us
to justify us in deciding peremptorily that the
eastern terminus of the road shall be on Red river,
at or near the southwest corner of the State of Ar-
kansas. I cannot vote for the bill if it stands in
thatform, nor could I feel myself justified in voting
for the bill if it shall be amended as proposed by
the honorable Senator from Ohio.
I think, Mr. President, that all that Congress
should decide in regard to the eastern terminus of
the road—provided we are to pass the bill now—
is, that it should be somewhere in the western line
of the States of Iowa, Missouri, or Arkansas, and
we should leave the precise point open, to be de-
cided hereafter, either by Congress or by the Ex-
ecutive, as we may see fit to provide in the bill.
I desire to say here, that I have not the slightest
expectation or belief that any bill can be consum-
mated at the present session of Congress, or can be
put into such a form that it will be safe and proper,
or even possible to bring the two Houses of Con-
gress to agree in the first place to its general plan,
and in the next place, to all its details. I humbly
conceive that the only thing we can do, and the
only thing we ought to attempt to do at the present
session of Congress, is to make an appropriation
—an adequate appropriation, I care not what it
is, I am willing to vote #100,000 or a quarter of
a million of dollars—to cause the country to be
thoroughly surveyed—something more than a
mere reconnoissance, as-is suggested by myfriend
from Tennessee—a thorough survey of all the va-
rious routes, so as to ascertain which is the most
practicable route, or what practicable routes there
are. That will enable Congress or the Executive
to determine which would be the best and cheap-
est route. We ought to have a practicable route.
We ought to have the most direct route; and then
we ought to have the most economical route. I
deny that we have before us the means to enable
us to come to any conclusion on the subject in
any shape or form whatever. I will not occupy
the time of the Senate by any further remarks
upoi> this bill.
I have many objections to the details of the
bill; but I am perfectly willing that the honorable
Senator from California should go forward and
perfect it so as to make' it what he believes it
ought to be. I mean in general to vote against
amendments, except such as come from that Sen-
ator, or from other gentlemen who take a particu-
lar interest in the passage of the bill. I am
desirous that they should make the bill to suit
themselves, and I will assist them in perfecting it
according to what they think it ought to be, and
then I will determine whether I will vote for it or
not. I have a very strong impression that the
bill cannot be put into any shape to meet the
views of a majority of both Houses. I do not
believe we could get it in such a shape in six
months, if we had that time. It is a bill which
has not emanated from'any committee of the
body, but has been introduced by a highly re-
spectable member, one who is perhaps more com-
petent than any other member of the body to act
upon the subject. But it is a very complicated
bill. The main stem of the road is to be two
thousand miles long, and the' branches no less
than thirty-five hundred miles; andl do not know
how many branches there are to be, involving an
expenditure, if not of the public, money, at any
rate of the public property, to the amount of at
least one hundred millions of dollars.
All this is proposed in a bill prepared by a
member of this body, which has undergone the
revision of no committee, and it is supposed that  
we, here in the Senate, can amend that bill, and
put it in such a shape that it will receive the sanc-
tion of a majority of this body, and ultimately
the sanction of a majority of the House of Rep-
resentatives, and become the law of the land. I
believe it is utterly impracticable. You may spend
two thirds of the remaining thirty-five days of
the session at it, and the work will then only be
begun. I am in favor of an appropriation for a
survey and examination of the country, and for
the most ample appropriation, too; and then, at
the opening of the next Congress, we shall have
all the elements before ns which would enable us
to determine what shall be the eastern, and what
shall be the western terminus of the road, and we
can then legislate upon the subject intelligently.
But I have traveled somewhat out of the record.
I will limit myself to the precise question before
the Senate; and I say, as I have already said, that
I am just as much opposed to the amendment of
my friend from Ohio—although it accords with
my general impression on the subject—as to the
provision of the original bill. I am utterly op-
posed to fixing in the dark the termini of the road.
I demand a survey and precise information on the
subject, that we may know what we are doing in
a matter of such infinite importance.
But I will not occupy the time of the Senate
much further. I appreciate very highly the mo-
tives of the honorable Senator from California
in pressing this bill. No member of the Senate
will go further with him in endeavoring to obtain
a road between the waters of the Mississippi, or
the waters of its tributaries, and the Pacific ocean,
than I will. Such a connection is demanded by
considerations of policy of the very highest im-
portance. I am willing to devote whatever of
ability I may have to the consummation of this
important object. But it does seem to me to be
in the very highest degree chimerical, after we
have permitted so much of this session to elapse,
and when, as it was stated this morning, we are
brought within thirty-five days of its close, to
take up such a question as this and endeavor to
settle all its details here, and bring the majority of
the Senate to a concurrence in those details, with
the expectation that it will meet the concurrence
of the House also, when the appropriation bills,
as well as a vast variety of other measures which
are to be disposed of in some form or other, have
not been acted upon. I believe it is absolutely
and utterly impossible; and I care not how long
we worry ourselves with the subject—we may go
on and spend three fourths of what remains of
the present session, and we will find ourselves
where we are now. I say, therefore, that it is
vain and idle to go on with it. I am willing, how-
ever, that the honorable Senator from California
should persevere with the bill. I will stand by
him. I hope he will get it in such a shape as that
I can vote for it; but he will have to alter its most
essential structure to enable me to do so. When
he has proposed all his amendments, and got the
bill in a condition to suit himself, then, if I can
support it, I will, because I am most decidedly in
favor of its object.
Mr. UNDfiRWOOD. As the constituents
whom I represent have a deep interest in this
matter I wish to make a few remarks upon il, and
I may as well do it now. A road from the Mis-
sissippi Valley to the Pacific ocean is a matter
which attracts great interest in my section of the
country on three accounts. One is, because it
will furnish a great many commercial facilities.
Another is, because it will give us the means of
post office communication with our friends in
California and Oregon. The last is, that it will
furnish the means of transportation and travel for
individuals and for the Government. Now, you
want that road which will accomplish all those
various objects in the best and cheapest manner,
and -tfith the greatest facility. Where is that to
be found ? Can anybody tell ? No, sir. Have
you any information which would locate it? No,
sir. You are then legislating perfectly in the dark,
and you are legislating upon statements made by
individual Senators, without any sufficient data
upon which to base them. In that respect you
are departing from the practice of this Government
from its very foundation. When it was theprac-
tice of the Government to subscribe money, by
taking stock in private corporations or enterprises,
there were individual exploratiorfs and guarantied
