1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
355
interests of individual capital to show that the ||
subject towards which you propose to appropriate '
the national funds was adamtageous. Have you
anything; of that sort here? No,sir. When that
system of appropriation forinternal improvements
was abandoned, (and most unfortunately for the
country it has been abandoned,) you resorted to
a system of internal improvements by the Gov-
ernment itself. What did you do then ? Tl ou ap-
propriated, in the first instance, money to make a , J
survey. The officers chained with the performance :
of the work made their reports, and you acted j
upon the basis of official communications made |
by your Topographical Bureau and others. Have
yofc anything of that sort now ? No, sir. Nothing ,
at all like it. Then, I say again, we are legisla- !
ting in the dark.
Take up the map which the Senator from Cali- i
for ilia has furnished us. If you lay down a road <
from St. Louis to San Francisco, or from Mem-
phis to San Francisco, where does it go? It
passes through the great unexplored basins sur-
rounded by the Sierra Nevada on one side, and the ,
Sierra Madre on the other, and nobody can tell
us—except from the little information which we
have derived from a traveler occasionally passing
through some part of this great interior basin—the
nature of the soil, the undulations of the country,
or the natural water-courses. No topographical
fact in reference to that unexplored valley and !
basin has ever been communicated; and yet from
the map itself we can see there are hundreds of
miles through jvhich the road is to run of which
we know nothing in the world. Now, sir, in this
view of the subject, I say, with the Senator from
Connecticut, that it seems to me out of the ques-
tion to attempt to fix the points, and give the
direction of this road, until the surveys have been
made.
Sir, I am as much devoted to making this com- i
munication as any member of this, body; but I I
have said that one object of its construction is a
commercial object. W e have been told that we
are to receive all the riches of the East by this
road. The Japan expedition, which we have put
afloat, is to open new avenues of trade to us;
China is to open golden harvests to our merchants,
and all the trade and commerce of that region of
the world is to come to the western shore of our
continent, and then be transported eastward by
railroad. I hope it will beso; and in that view of
the great object, it becomes very important to
locate the eastern terminus of the road at a point
where you can distribute this immense commerce
in the cheapest manner and most advantageously
to the country. And where is the Senator from
Ohio locating it by his amendment ? He is putting
it away in thenorth, beyond Independence;and he
is contemplating going still further up, into the
regions of ice and snow, where for half the year
almost the river is frozen up, and we cannot reach
it. Yet we are told that so far as the commercial
aspect exists, we must go up to that point. You
cannot get there by water, because the ice and
snow prohibit it. Ah ! but the gentleman says
other railroad communications will run parallel to
and upon the bank of the Missouri river, and you
can avail yourselfof them. I do not want to avail
myself of any such avenue of connection, when !
the cost and distance are to be greatly increased j
by running up the river. Take into consideration j
the idea which I have suggested, that the river is
to be blocked up a good portion of the year, and
you will see at once that for the commercial pur- •
poses which we have in view in the construction j
of the road pit will not do to carry it up there.
There is a point lower down the river where the ,
terminus should be. Nature has made the point.
I suggested it a week or two ago, but I ana afraid
it will not be carried, because there is no influence
here in behalf of it. It is at or near the mouth of
the Ohio; but there is no influence in behalf of!
that point here. It will sink below zero in con-
sequence of St. Louis on the one side and Mem-
phis, t am afraid, on the other. But why is that
the point in a commercial attitude? It is because,
when you bring this commerce from the Pacific, ,
you can thence distribute it by water. You can |
fo down the Mississippi river, dr, if the Missouri
e open, you can ascend it by steamboats, which
js a cheaper mode of transportation than railroads.
You^can ascend the Ohio to Pittsburg You can
branch #way and reach Paducah, and go up the
Tennessee to the falls, twelve miles, and reach
Florence. You can go up the Cumberland river
to Cumberland, passing Nashville, and when at
a little distance above, at Shawneeetown, you can
turn to the left, and go to Terre Haute by as-
cending the Wabash. There is no such concen-
tration of water.1? upon the face of the world as at
that point. In the making of a railroad for com-
mercial purposes, you ought to regard the point
from which you can distribute this important trade
and commerce with the greatest facility, with the
freatest cheapness, over the whole valley of the
lississippi; and that point is at the head of per-
petual navigation upon the Mississippi river, which
is at or near the mouth of the Ohio; because from
the concentration of waters there you may have
the Gulf trade in Gulf steamers from that point all
the year. But, as I said before, there 4s no in-
terest here in behalf of that point.
It is said that you have to hunt for the town of
Cairo, sometimes under water, with a twenty foot
pole; and it may be s&id that on the Missouri
river, it will be the same thing; but I believe not.
I have examined the ground there. The selection'
of the point will redound to the advantage ofMis- '
souri, and not to Illinois, or to Kentucky. Mis-
souri will have the city, fix it where you please,
unless you go to the Arkansas. Sir, that bank
upon the Missouri river, with a very little improve-
ment by way of a levee, will be above high-water
mark all the time; and according to the informa-
tion which I have, there is a flat, level country for
one hundred miles into the interior, passing on
toward the northwest corner of Arkansas instead
of the southwest corner, and thence up to the Ca-
nadian; but whether you are to take the Canadian
or Arkansas proper, or go further north, and up
the Kansas, or still further north up to the Platte
i river, and through the South Pass—all these mat-
I ters are things to be investigated by an exploring
' party, which you ought to send out to get the ne- {
cessary information.
[ This commerce is to be carried on through the
! channel of the Mississippi river and its tributaries, i
such as the Missouri, up to the Rocky Mountains; i
thence across the Rocky Mountains by railroad,
if you can find a pass without tunneling or going
under the mountain, to Oregon, using the Colum-
bia river and its tributaries so far as they are
navigable, and when they are not navigable, using
railroads. You must have your commercial con-
I nection with San Francisco hy railroad from the
' Mississippi river, and there is a possibility that
by means of the Missouri river and the Columbia
connecting with the railroads, you may have a
communication for commercial purposes partly by
water and. partly with railroad in that channel.
But whetKer one or the other be practicable must
depend upon the researches which you must make,
and the reports which weget. I therefore feel, like
the Senator from Connecticut, disposed to vote any
amount which the friends of this bill may suggest
for the exploration of both the Missouri river and
the Rocky Mountains between the Missouri river
and the Columbia, and then for an exploration of j
the Columbia where there is any possibility of
using the waters of that river for commercial and
navigable purposes, in connection with a railroad
across the mountains in that part of the coun-
try.
I am likewise for embracing in these explo-
rations and surveys a direct route from the mouth
of the Ohio river, or from Memphis,or St. Louis;
for I do. not wish the surveyors to be limited to
one point. I wish them to have full range to ex-
plore from all the leading points suggested; and
then when all the information conies in, We can
act. We shall then be prepared, to act.
We.have got ourselves into this condition in
reference to the changes of parties with regard to
internal improvements in this country. 1 do not
intend to excite any party animosity or feeling;
but this is a fit occasion, and one just suited to
state the position in which we are placed. Here
is a great national object, admitted to be such by
everybody—the construction of a railroad from
the Mississippi to the Pacific ocean. There has
been nothing like it in the shape of an internal
improvement since the foundation of this Govern-
ment. It is the result of the acquisition of our
boundless territory on the Pacific ocean. It is,
therefore, a national" object of the first importance;
and everybody concedes it to be so. And yet,
when it is a national object for the transportation
of the mail and troops, and for commercial pur-
poses, we are told by some that there is not power
enough in the Government to make it directly.
I merely wanted to call the attention of the coun-
try to the fact, that here is a great national object;
one of a stupendous character; one that is to oper-
ate through all time to come in binding together
the different parts of this great country, to link
them together by hooks of steel and iron; and yet,
according to the opinion of a great many gentle-
men, the national Treasury cannot be used for
the purpose of constructing this work. It is said
that you have not the power to do it without con-
sulting the States; that you must enter into ar-
rangements with Missouri, with Arkansas, with
1 Louisiana, with California, with Texas, and that
unless you make suitable arrangements with those
different States, you cannot accomplish the work
at all. The great powers of this Government, for
the most beneficial purposes for which they can
possibly be used, are curtailed,limited, restricted,
and bound down by those consultations with dif-
j ferent States; and we are dependent on them wheth-
er we can or cannot accomplish a great object of
this sort. Such are some gentlemen's views. Sir,
I repudiate every doctrine of that kind. We
have a right to make this road in our own way
from point to point. If we have not the right to
make it ourselves, we have not theright to appro-
priate our funds to make it through State agency,
or corporation agency, or in any other way. _ I
i might illustrate this, by calling attention to the evils
suffered in consequence of an imperfect communi-
cation between this city and New York, through
this idea of being dependent entirely in the oper-
ations of the National Government in the powers
, which we possess upon State agency. If I had
time, I would call attention to the effect of our
j appropriations to aid the States in making rail-
' roads, and not doing it ourselves. It. has subject-
ed the States not receiving those appropriation! to
{ perpetual taxation for travel and commercial pur-
| poses to the end of time, when the National Legis-
lature and the representatives of the people thus
taxed have no voice or control in the matter.
These things would not be if you had your sys-
tem of internal improvements where the represent-
atives of all the people of this country would have
a voice in regulating travel and taxation, and tolls
upon your roads, leaving to the States the power
of acting in making their roads according to their
own will and pleasure.
1 have only been lead into these remarks, be-
cause it was a suitable occasion to make them, not
with the expectation that the political majority of
this body will give them any weiglft, or will allow
them to have any weight; but I think it well
enough to keep these ideas perpetually before the
people. I want them to see that, for some pur-
poses,-this Government must necessarily exercise
a power which is not dangerous, but which is
beneficial in all its operation, and from which no
evil result can grow except the question of patron-
age. That question of patronage has grown up
by destroying the original mode of appropriating
for internal improvements through corporations.
That practice has been broken down to get patron-
age for the Government, which it never ought to
have had, because the old system ought to have
been adhered to. Now, I want this great idea in
reference to this great road, to be presented to the
people of this country in connection with the doc-
trine which has gone abroad for years back, that
this Government has no power to make it, but
that it must consult the States, and bargain with
the States, in order to get it done.
EXECUTIVE- BUSINESS.
Mr. CLARKE. I move that the further con-
sideration of this bill be postponed until to-mor-
row, with the view that the Senate may proceed
to the consideration of Executive business.
Mr. GWIN. Permit me to ask the honorabte
Senator, if it is the intention to take up any busi-
ness in Executive session which will lead to dis-
cussion ? If so, there is not enough of the day left
to consider it. But if it is not designed to take up
any business which will lead to discussion in Ex-
ecutive session, there will be time enough to con-
sider that in another half hour. I hope the Sena-
tor will appreciate my desire to have this bill
acted on.
Mr. CLARKE. I would answer the honorable
Senator, by saying merely, that when the Senate
goes into Executive session, he will be one of the
