356
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 20,
Senate, and, T presume, he will be as likely as
anybody to originate discussion.
Mr. GrWIN. Then, if the Senator has not
courtesy enough to give me that information, 1
will oppose his motion, and ask for the yeas and
nays. F wish to know whether this bill is to be
laid aside for all other business.
Mr. CLARKE. I am ready for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. BELL. I hope the Senator from Califor-
nia will see that we cannot oppose everything.
Mr. GAVIN. I see that there is a determina-
tion to force my bill off the track.
Mr. BELL. I hope we shall proceed to the
consideration of Executive business thisaftemoon.
I suppose that the purpose for which that motion
is made is well known to all the Senate. I would
much prefer, if that were not standing in the way,
to go on with the consideration of the bill before
the Senate; and I should like very much to have
an opportunity of replying to the remarks which
have been made by the Senators from Connecticut
and Kentucky, in regard to the utter impossibility
of doing anything with this bill. But allow me
to remind the Senator from California that we
must proceed with a little judgment, and not keep
up an obstinate perseverance to retain this bill be-
fore the Senate. We cannot cross every influence,
or we shall have a majority combined against us;
and we must see that there is a great disposition
to put aside the bill.
Mr. GWIN. I know there is, and I see it is
growing.
Mr. BELL. Other measures are more popular
with particular members of the body. We must
yield a little, and see if we cannot perfect the
measure in some shape to meet the approbation of
the country.
, Mr. BORLAND. I shall have to yield of
course, and I shall do so most cheerfully, to the
judgment of the Senate upon this question. But
I occupy the same position now that I did an hour ;
or two ago, when it was proposed to take up an- 1
other measure and set aside this. I cannot, from '
my sense of duty, agree to postpone for one hour .
this bill, in order to consider any otlier subject,
because I do not consider any other of one tithe I
the importance of this, certainly not to my con- |
stituents. I desired to get the floor, to reply at i
once to some of the remarks which have been !
made by the Senator from Kentucky, upon ayery
important point in the consideration of this ques-
tion. I wanted those remarks, and the correction
of what 1 thi«k was the error into which he had
fallen, to go out together. For that reason, if for
no other, I shall vote against the proposition to
postpone this bill; and I hope the motion will not ]
be agreed to. 1!
I presume it will be in order to state the point '
upon which I desire to correct the error into which
the Senator from Kentucky has fallen, ft is in
regard to the head of perpetual navigation on the
Mississippi river, which is a most important and
vital point to be settled in the consideration of the
question of the location of the road. I desire to
say, that a residence upon the banks of the Mis-
sissippi river for a number of years, has given me |
positive knowledge—in which everybody residing i
near that river, who has a practical knowledge of'
it, I think, will concur—that the mouth of the
Ohio does not mark the head of perpetual naviga-
tion upon the Mississippi river, but that the town
of Memphis does; for very often, as the Senator
must know, if he has considered the matter, the
Mississippi river above Memphis, is not only ob-
structed by low water, but also by ice.
 £r' OOD. Then go to Memphis.
Mr. BORLAND. The Senator will also recol-
lect that one of the causes whi£h have contributed
to the rapid prosperity of that city, is a knowl-
edge of that fact, and a conviction on the part of1
business men that that is the point which must i
be considered as the head of perpetual navigation, !
ana that it is the point from which internal im-
proveoients across the land must radiate to the
right and left.
TVlr. UNDERWOOD. If that be true, the road
ought to go to Memphis.
Mr. BORLAND. That is the point to which
1 ^hed to call the attention of the Senate, and |i
fimply to remark that the Senator—and I am sat- li
jsfied he will become sensible of the fact when he I
looks into it—has fallen into an error which mate- '!
rialiy affects the question.
I Mr. MANGUM. I am very desirous that we
h shall continue upon this bill until we make some
| disposition of it; and I voted to-day against con-
sidering another measure of urgency, which we
all desired to see acted upon at a very early day,
with the view that we might continue with this
, bill. But it is known to gentlemen—I cannot be
more specific—that to-day was assigned for action
in Executive session vipon a particular matter. I
would, therefore, recommend to my honorable
friend from California, to pass by informally this
bill and leave it where it stands, and let the mo-
I tion for Executive session he received by unani-
i mous consent. I move that we go into the con-
I sideration of Executive business, without post-
j poning the bill.
1 The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Miller
in the chair.) It requires unanimous consent to
entertain a motion to go into Executive session
without disposing of the pubject under considera-
' tion.
> Mr. DOWNS. I do not see any reason for it,
and therefore I must object. We have consumed
, half of the day already in discussing the order of
business, and just as we have got started on one
bill it is proposed that we shall go into Executive
session. If it was in contemplation to proceed to
the consideration of Executive business, it ought
to have been thought of earlier in the day. We
are now within half an hour of the usual time of
adjournment. Besides, some very important argu-
ments have just been urged upon this subject, and
I think very erroneous views have been presented,
which should not only be answered, but which
should be answered to-day; and I hope that, as
gentlemen have fired their batteries on one side in
regard to the location of the road, we shall not
now close the discussion before we have an oppor-
tunity,of replying. Besides, it is very evident,
that at this hour of the day the object for which
it is proposed to go into Executive session will
not be accomplished to-day; for there is likely to
be a very protracted discussion on that subject.
What is the use of going into Executive session
at half-past two o'clock, within half an hour of
the usual time of adjournment? I hope that the
motion will not prevail.
Mr. CLARKE. As I do not wish to eilterinto
any discussion, I merely say that I hope it will
prevail.
Mr. CHASE. I think that, under all the cir-
cumstances, we are bound to gratify the Senator
from Rhode Island in his wish to go into Execu-
| tive session to-day. I need not recalt to the recol-
lection of the Senate the circumstances to which I
I allude; but I think he is entitled to make his mo-
tion, and I think justice to him demands that we
shall accede to his wish. I shall therefore vote
for his motion, although 1 am very anxious to
proceed with the consideration of this bill. As an
act of justice, I think the motion ought to be
agreed to.
Mr. DOWNS. I do not know to what the
honorable Senator from Ohio alludes, when he says
there are certain circumstances which, as a matter
of course, require that we should yield to this mo-
tion. If I am under any obligation to do so, I am
unconscious of it, and I should like to know how
I am under such an obligation. Why am I bound
to agree to this motion to go into Executive ses-
sion ? If there is any bond that binds me or that
binds the Senate in the premises, I should like
to.know where it comes from. I acknowledge
none.
Mr. BRIGHT. The, object of moving the Ex-
ecutive session is well known, I suppose, to every
Senator present, &nd I apprehend that nothing Will
be gained by going into Executive session to-day.
I certainly do not understand that there was any
agreement whereby we should go into Executive
session to-day; and I have no idea that if we do
go into secret session, we shall be any nearer a
conclusion of the subject proposed to be accom-
plished than we are now. I shoufd prefer greatly
that when we do go into Executive session, the
Senate should be full. There are several Senators
now absent who were under the impression that
as the yeas and nays were taken this morning as
to the order in which business should be consid-
ered, the consideration of this bill would occupy
the yfjole day. Under this impression some of
our Colleagues have retired; among others, the
honorable Senator from Connecticut [Mr. Toucey]
has retired to his chamber, being unwell; and he
desired to be sent for if anything should occur re-
quiring it.
Mr. DAVIS, Mr. GLARKE, and other Sena-
tors. Send for him.
Mr. BRIGHT. I had hoped that the honorable
gentleman from Rhode Island would not press this
matter. I am as anxious to bring it to a close as
he can be; but I would suggest to him to give no-
tice that at some subsequent day, say Monday
next—and it is understood that in the interim both
Senators from Alabama will be present—at one
o'clock, or two o'clock, we shall go into Executive
session. With that understanding, we can then
settle the question which will be under consider-
ation if we should to-day go into Executive ses-
sion. I make that suggestion to him, and I hope
he will agree to it.
Mr. CLARKE. I can accede to no suggestion.
This is talking, as sailors say, between land and
water, for I can hardly say to the honorable Sen-
ator in open session, what has occurred in Execu-
tive session, which makes it necessary for me to
submit this motion. He knows the circumstances
to which I allude as well as 1 do. He knows as
well as 1 do that the subject which he has fore-
showed, has been the subject of discussion in Ex-
ecutive session. He knows that it has been pend-
ing for a long while before the Senate; and I cer-
.tainly should judge that no gentleman in the Cham-
ber knows better, and would appreciate more
highly than the honorable Senator from Indiana,
the sensibilities and anxieties which the pendency
of that subject is creating.
Now I ask why , after what took place on Mon-
day last in Executive session, should it be required
of me to withdraw the motion ? The -Senate will
a<*ree to it if they choose to go into Executive ses-
sion, and if not, of course they will reject my mo-
tion;butupon my word, sir, 1 do think that there
have been the longest delays that were ever known
thrown into the consideration of the subject which
has been referred to by gentlemen. I cannot
withdraw the motion; but if the yeas and nays are
asked, I shall vote for ordering them. I persist
in the motion.
Mr. ADAMS. I wish only to explain my own
vote upon this question, and I trust the remarks
which I make, will not be improper. On Monday
last, I suggested the postponement of Executive
business—and when I say " Executive business,"
Senators will understand me—until this day, and
I demand it as a right.
Mr. MANGUM. Let me suggest to the hon-
orable Senator, for his own consideration the im-
propriety of referring to anything done in Execu-
tive session.
Mr. ADAMS. I am only speaking of myself
in regard to Executive business. I suggestecTthat
by postponing Executive business until to-day, I
would be willing to consider it; and having said
so, I supposed the Senator from Rhode Island
would understand, as a matter of course, that I
would not to-day oppose the consideration of Ex-
ecutive business. On that account I consider my-
self pledged, from the acquiescence of the body in
my suggestion to vote for the motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Miller
in the chair.) The Senator from Rhode Island
proposes to postpone the further consideration of
thjs bill until to-morrow, for the purpose of pro-
ceeding to the consideration of Executive business.
Do I understand him to ask for the yeas and nays
on that question ?
Mr. CLARKE. No, sir.
Mr. DOWNS. I believe the Senator from Cal-
ifornia called for the yeas and nays.*
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That call was
withdrawn, I believe.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Then I call for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and taken with
the following result:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Bell, Cliase, Clarke, Davis,
Dixon. Fish, Geyer, Hale, Jones of Tennessee, Maneum,
Miller, Morton, Pearee, Phelps, Rusk, Seward, Shields,
Smith, Spruance, Sumner, Underwood, Wade, and'Walk-
er—24.
NAYS—Messrs. Borland, Bright, Brodhead, Charlton,
Dc Saussure, Dodge of Iowa, Downs, Gwin, Hamlin,
Houston, Hunter, Jones of Iowa, Mallorv, Mason, Norria,
SouW, and WeUer^-17.
So the motion wag agreed to..
Mr. CI&RKE. I now move that tfye Senate
proceed to the consideration of Executive busi-
ness.
