858
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan 20,
power also of extending its power indefinitely to
meet possible exigencies.
Let us inquire what will be the cost of establish-
ing this Mint in the city of New York. The lot
and building for the Philadelphia Mint cost about
$200,000; the machinery and fixtures $206,000—
total, §406,000. The Mint at New Orleans cost
§312,000, exclusive of the lot, which was presented
bvthecity. ThebuildingandlotfortheNew York
Mint would probably cost about §250,000, and
perhaps a larger sum. Every one knows that
there is no point in the country, and scarcely any
point out of the country, where the price of land
is so high as in the city of New York. Many
gentlemen will recollect tlie statement made in a
New York paper, within a few days, showing that
land is worth more there than it is in the city of
London. The lot and building will cost, at the
least, $250,000, and the machinery and fixtures at
least $200,000 more, making $450,000 in all.
Let us now inquire into the cost of maintaining
a Mint at New York, which we can approximate
by stating the cost of maintaining the Mint at
Philadelphia. With an annual coinage at Phila-
delphia for the last three years, amounting to an
average of $30,000,000, the cost has been §212,000.
At New York it could not be less
There is another important item we must recol-
lect, in estimating the cost of maintaining a new
branch Mint. The Government must provide a
bullion fund, to be deposited at the new Mint.
This is a very important item. The United States
have at the Mint in Philadelphia over §5,000.000,
deposited as a bullion fund, and they have to keep
that amount there at all times, to answer the de-
mands that are liable to be made there upon the
Mint. If a branch Mint be established at New
York, the Government must place on deposit at
New York at least §2,000,000 as a bullion fund.
I make this statement upon my own judgment,
fortified by the opinion of the Director of the
Mint himself. The fund at New Orleans, with a
coinage of $10,000,000 only, annually, is more
than $1,000,000, and twice that amount would be
necessary at New York. The annual cost, then, !
of maintaining the proposed branch Mint is as fol- j
lows:
Ordinary expenses $200,000 !
Interest on the $2,000,000bullion fund... 120,000
Interest on $450,000, cost of Mint and
fixtures  27,000 |
Total annual cost $347,000
If I could be permitted to take longer time, I
could go particularly into the ground of my esti-
mates, and show conclusively, I think, that no
friend of New York State or New York city,
however ardent or however able, could gainsay
one of the positions I take upon this question. I
have estimates and evidence in my hand, setting
forth this matter at length—the figures I give in
brief—which have been well matured and consid-
ered. But I must hurry on.
At the last session of Congress we passed a bill
establishing a branch Mint at San Francisco.1
When the discussion first came up in Congress,
in regard to the establishment of a Mint at^New
York, I well remember it was boldly assumed
that the Mint at Philadelphia was incapable of
• performing the duties required of it by the neces-
sities of tHe country. In a few days afterwards,
my friend from Philadelphia [Mr. Chandler] laid
before the House indisputable evidence that the
Philadelphia Mint was more than adequate for all
the wants of the country. The next position as-
sumed by the friends of the new Mint, I remem-
ber very well, was, that this Mint must be estab-
lished in die city of New York to aid the poor
miners in California. Well, what did we do?
We attended to the demand in behalf of the poor
miners, and we passed a bill establishing a branch
Mint in San Francisco. This should have pre-
vented further demand j but these persevering Gen-
tlemen come here at the present session, when it
is so important to do many things which we have
been neglecting for many years, and with as much
ardor as they commenced with three years a>^o
now demand, upon a new state of facts and "for
new reasons, that a branch Mint be established
in the city of New York. The Mint we estab-
lished in California has not been commenced, and
we cannot tell what its business will be. They '■
have not waited one year to see whether the poor
miners of California will be satisfied or not with
j the benefits which they there enjoy. Would it
' not be prudent to give the country rest for awhile?
Has Congress nothing to do but to vote mam-
moth appropriations for California and New York
city? I speak of New York city, and her eager
demands upon the Treasury, in a spirit of remon-
strance, if not reproof, as 1 think I have a right
to do, having in a service of six years here, never
said a word or cast a vote that indicated any hos-
tility to the unexampled prosperity of that city.
I never shall do aught against her legitimate pros-
perity, but all 1 can for it. I rejoice in her growth.
If gentlemen representing that wonderful city are
proud of her progress, so am I. Let her go on
and prosper. But I would caution the gentlemen
who so well represent her interests, that they mis-
take in supposing that New York is interested in
every possible degree of growth and concentration
of interest and industry. I believe that it is not
for the interest of that city to have every possible
degree of concentration of business poured upon
her at once. Let the inhabitants learn to manage
their greatness in a proper manner, to educate
their people, and with some perceptible gradation
ascend the pinnacle of renown destined for them.
But I must hurry to another point. 1 hold in
my hand a proposition from the Director of the
Philadelphia Mint, in which is set forth a method
by which, if, after building the California Mint,
it be found that we need any additional facilities
at New York, we can have them without the im-
mense expense involved in the establishment of a
branch Mint.
Before stating the proposition I have in view, let
me say that a Mint embraces two distinct branch-
es or departments—the one the receiving depart-
ment, where the metal is received, and in case of
pure metal, paid for in ready stamped coin, and the
other the manufacturing department, where the
metal is assayed and converted into coin. These
two branches of business are not necessarily con-
nected. They need not be pursued in the same
1 building, nor even in the same city. Upon this
topic there is no division of opinion, and if there
were, I have the opinion of one who is better ca-
pable of judging than probably any other man in
the country—the Director of the Mint at Philadel-
phia. In England, the receiving department and
the manufacturing department of the Mint are
distinct from each other. The receiving depart-
ment is the Bank of England; the Mint where the
bullion and gold dust are manufactured into coin
is in another and a distinct building.
Now, sir, all that can be necessary,in any view
of the case, is, to establish an office at New York
for receiving deposits of bullion and gold dust,
and paying for the same in coin. The scheme of
such a department is easily practicable, as I could
show by papers and estimates before me, if I had
time to read them. There would be no need of an
increase of the bullion fund, for the bullion fund
which is noiv kept on depositat Philadelphia would
be fully adequate to answer all the necessities of
business there, and also all the necessities at the
receiving office atNew York. I have an estimate
of the cost of establishing a receiving office, and
it only amounts to $3,000.
The most responsible duties at such an office
could be performed by the assistant treasurer of
New York, and everything else by two clerks and
one laborer; and the whole cost of carrying it on,
from year to year, would be $3,824. The cost of
transportation from New York to Philadelphia
and back,paying the prices nowpaid, would be for
$30,000,000, $22,500, or for $60,000,000, $45,000.
But it is probable that it could be done cheaper,
and I am told that an offer has been made by the
Camden and Amboy Railroad Company to trans-
port all that the Government requires, be the same
more or less, for $25,000 a year. The risk will
not be greater than that of the mails, and the com-
pany will give ample security against all risk,
whatever it is.
Let us com pare the saving to the Government, by
establishing a receiving office instead of a branch
Mint at New York. The cost of maintaining a
Mint at New York, as I have shown, would be
$347,000 per annum. As much business would
be taken from the Philadelphia Mint, I deduct
$100,000 per annum for diminution in expenses
there, leaving $247,000 as the annual increase of
expenses to the Government by a new branch
Mint.
The receiving department proposed would cost
at the outset $3,000, and the interest upon it would
be    $180
! The annual cost of maintaining it would
be    3,824
Cost of transportation of metal and coin,
on the offer of the Camden and Amboy
Railroad, would be  25,000
| $29,004
I Annual cost of branch Mint $247,000
i Making a saving of $217,996
per annum in favor of a receiving department.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SEYMOUR, of IN ew York, obtained the
floor.
Mr. BRIGGS. Will my colleague allow a few
moments of his time?
Mr. SEYMOUR. Certainly. I yield to my
colleague.
Mr. BRIGGS. If the gentleman from New
Hampshire had made himself familiar with the
details of the bill now pending before us, he would
not have attempted to alarm the House about the
extravagant expense that would be incurred in
carrying it into operation. If he had looked to
the ninth section of the bill, he would there have
found that the bill cannot go into operation until
security is given, satisfactory to the Secretary of
the Treasury, that the 'whole expense of the Mint
there shall not exceed $250,000, inclusive of the
ground, machinery, building,and everything con-
nected therewith, for the coinage of all the gold
dust that could be received.. I will state further,
for the information of the gentleman from New
Hampshire and of the House, that the corporate
authorities of the city of New York did, at their
last session, in a very liberal manner, tender to
the Government a site for the erection of a Mint.
It is true that the price of real estate in that city is
at present high, but we expect that, should this
bill become a law, the city of New York would
expend a large sum of money to carry it into op-
eration. We do not ask the Government to do it.
All we ask is $250,000.
I call the attention of the House to the last sec-
tion of the bill, which provides that one half of one
per cent, shall be required of all depositors of
gold dust for coinage. Now it would be no ex-
aggeration to estimate the annual coinage at the
Mint at $40,000,000, so that $200,000 would be re-
alized from that charge of one half of one per cent.
That sir, would exceed the cost of conducting the
Mint at the city by $120,000, which would go into
| the Treasury of the United States, so that there
would not only he no draftupon the Treasury tor
conducting the Mint there, but it would actually
afford a revenue. I do not believe that the Mint
established in California will diminish the receipts
of gold dust in New York five per cent. I believe
that the Mint there will only be required to coin
for the commerce of that State. I am much
obliged to my colleague forallowing me to make
these few remarks.
Mr. TUCK. Will the gentleman from New
York yield to me for a moment?
Mr. SEYMOUR. For a moment.
Mr.* TUCK. I was attempting to show the
saving which might be affected to the Govern-
mentjiy establishing a "receiving agency," which
would answer all the purposes that anybody has
alleged would be answered by the establishment
of a branch Mint. Well, I am informed by a doc-
ument from the Mint, which I hold in my hand,
that in three weeks after the passage of a law to
that effect, there might be established in the city
of New York a receiving office, doing the busi-
ness and answering all the demands that are here
set up for a branch Mint; that it could be done for
$3,000, and that the office could be carried on for
$3,800 a year.
How long will it take to build a branch Mint ?
All the other Mints were three years in building,
and if we determine to build at New York, it
must be three years before the facilities are enjoyed
which areceiving department would realize in three
weeks.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Briggs]
who has justaddressed the House, has stated that
they ask only $250,000, and that the city voted
last year to give the land for a Mint. I ask if
his bill, now under consideration, says anything
about the city of New York presenting a site for
the erection of a Mint ? Not a word. They are
