1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
359
willing to begin upon (350,000; but all whoare
familiar with the history of money transactions I
with this Government, know that after we have |
paid the $250,000, everything else that may be
necessary to perfect the work, will be asked for
and obtained uidue time. The gentleman knows
this, and now only asks a beginning. Now, sir,
why not rest for a few years? Why not rest
until we can see the effect of coining gold in Cali-
fornia ? It was incidentally remarked by the gen-
tleman from Philadelphia [Mr. Chanbler] yes-
terday; that much of this coinage is for England.
Such is certainly the case, and simply because
they have to pay for purifying the metal in Eng-
land, while here it is done for nothing, or next to
nothing—done at the expense of the Government.
I am much obliged to the gentleman from New
York, (Mr. SiTMOim,) and will not consume more
of his time.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. I regret that
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Chand-
ler} has pressed the motion which he made for
the rejection of this bill—a motion unusual in its
character, and which, so far as I have been ac-
quainted with proceedings in Congress, has very
seldom been applied, except to those public meas-
ures with regard to which therecould be really but
one sentiment entertained, and in reference to the
result of the vote upon which nobody could be mis-
taken, even should a discussion have preceded it for
days. This, sir, is a summary way of disposing of
one of the most important measures that can be
brought before this Congress. I know; to be sore,
that in a former Congress, when this measure was
before it, it was discussed 4nd examined at much
length, and, after consideration, was rejected by a
small majority of that body. We are now here,
however, to consider it anew. Other minds have
had their attention called to it; other interests have
been awakened in the country; and the attention
of the whole country, during the time which has
elapsed since the former investigation and discus-
sion, has been kept continually bearing upon this
great question. Sir, this is a question which ap-
pertains not merely to the circulating medium, but
affects the whole commercial interests of the coun-
try.
Sir, I shall not follow the example of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, by such allusions to the
city which he represents upon this floor, as I would
not like to have made to that great commercial me-
tropolis which I, in connection with my associates
here from the State of New York, represent. I
shall not talk of " rapacity," nor shall I search the
Vocabulary of Billingsgate to find terms wherewith
to express my sentiments of the comparative ra-
pacity of the two rival cities. 1 will not compare
the constituents of the gentleman to the daughters
of (he horse-leech, that are never satisfied, but are
continually crying," Give! Give!" I do not desire
to descend into such an arena of controversy be-
fore the American Congress. It is foreign to my
taste, and if I can judge rightly of the feelings and
sentiments of a majority of the members of this
House, it is equally foreign to theirs.
1 shall look at this question as a national one,
and not in the light of a miserable scramble be-
tween two rival cities of this country, as to which
may engross the greatest portion of the Govern-
ment patronage. Yet, sir, I ought not to dismiss
this topic, since the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Chandler] has seen fit to make such an al-
lusion to a portion of the inhabitants of that city,
without asking the members of this House to look
at the past history of that great commercial me-
tropolis, and judge whether the epithets which
were applied to them by the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, on yesterday, eould have been suggested
to his mind by anything in that history, or in the
history of the State from which I come, or whether
it was not the promptings of his own bosom, the
feelings which were wrangling there, that induced
him to stigmatize the people of that city as a col-
lection of horse-leeches, and a mere extension of
Wapping. Sir, in the course of my legislative I
experience, brief though it has been, questions i
bearing strongly upon the local interests of rival
localities have often presented themselves, but
when they involved great national interests, I have
never, to my knowledge, given my votes nor my
voice with a view of enhancing the interest of any
particular locality. During the lastsession of Con-
gress, I voted as cheerfully as did the gentleman
himself, for large appropriations which were made
for the advancement of the particular interest of
the city of Philadelphia, as forming one of those
great commercial centers of this Union, in whose
prosperity we all rejoice, and of whose success
we are all proud.
Sir, the gentleman alluded to the Collins line,
and referred to those appropriations made by Con-
gress at the last session, the immediate tendency
of which has been to advance the commercial in-
terest of New York. Now, I put it to him—(for I
know he is a patriotic man; with all his attach-
ment to his own locality, he has still a patriotism
which can be aroused, as I have seen it on more
i than one occasion; I have been proud to see him,
j with others, come up upon these great national
questions, divest himself of all those local feelings,
| and give such votes as the honor and the inter-
' est of the whole country demanded J—but I put it
to him whether that vote, in relation to the Col-
lins line, of which I was proud, as I was of every
other which was given in this House upon the
same grounds, was not given strictly upon national
principles? Was it not given for the purpose of
sustaining the commerce of the United States
against the rivalry of England, backed, as it was,
, by the whole force of the British Treasury ? I
know it was; and I know that, should another
occasion present itself when it should be necessary
to make a similar appropriation on a similar emer-
gency, whether affecting the particular interest of
New York, Philadelphia, Baltimore, or New Or-
leans—if the appeal should be made to the Amer-
ican Congress, they would not hesitate to sustain
, American interests against foreign interests, even
though they were to be sustained by the national
purse; I am confident we should have the vote of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, as well as that of
' many other gentlemen upon this floor, to main-
, tain such a national position.
Mr. CHANDLER. If the gentleman has fin-
ished that sentence, I ask him to allow me to make
a single remark with reference to my vote upon
, this Collins line. The gentleman will do me the
{justice to believe that I did not refer to that national
| appropriation as going for the benefit of the
I city of New York, until the honorable gentleman
! from New York upon my left [Mr. Briggs] put
the sneer to my face that some of the members
from the State of Pennsylvania astonished some
gentlemen in this House by their voting for it;
yet now I find my very patriotism here, upon that
occasion, made an argument against me. I am
utterly astonished at the course the gentleman pur-
sues. I say to him, that whenever he will present
,,from New York, or any other city of this Union,
a plan which involves our national interest, and
not a mere local attachment—not a mere personal
or local interest—he will find me as ready to go
for it as I was to go for the Collins line, and to do
what I can by my voice and my vote in its favor.
Mr. SEYMOUR.. I hope, then, my friend will
be as willing to vote for this branch Mint, which
will serve the great purposes of national commerce,
as he was to go for a line of steamers which was
to protect and defend that commerce.
Mr. BRIGGS. Mr.. Speaker, I ask my col-
league to yield the floor for a moment, to allow me
to make an explanation. In the allusion I made
yesterday to the votes which were given in favor
of an increased appropriation for the Collins line
of steamers, by a portion of the Pennsylvania del-
egation, I did not intend my remark in the light
of a sneer; nothing of that sort whatever. What
I meant by saying the votes of those gentlemen
excited the surprise of some members in this
House, was, that it was entirely unexpected to
them, by reason of the prejudices heretofore ex-
isting in the State of Pennsylvania towards the
interests of the city of New York, and the illiberal
spirit in which they have always met these ques-
tions. I had supposed that such a spirit would
induce them to oppose that appropriation. I did
not mean to insinuate that there wasany undueor
corrupt influence used to bring about those votes.
Such an idea never entered my mind.
Mr. SEYMOUR. One word further with re-
gard to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mir.
Chandler.] He spoke yesterday of the senti-
ments of the people of the State of New York,
which he had collected in some way, with regard
to this measure. I would like to knbw how" this
sentiment had been collected bythegentlemanfrom
Pennsylvania, so that he,shall know what are,the
feelings of the people of the- State of New York,
better than those who represent that State. I
should be happy to be informed how he is able to
declare that there is but little feeling.upon this sub-
ject in the State, or even in the city of New York,
except at certain times; only at periods just before
an election, when it was made a topic for discus-
sion, and that even then they cared but little
about it. Sir, I profess to understand something
of the sentiment of the people of my State upon
this subject. I stand not here as a citizen of the
great commercial emporium of that State. I have
no Wall street interest, nor am I connected with
Wapping. I live further from that city than the
gentleman from Pennsylvania himself. But I speak
what I know to be the opinion and the ardent
desire of the people of the entire State. I do not
believe the gentleman can find a dozen respectable
merchants, or persons connected with or under-
standing the commercial interest of the northern
portion of the country, who do not coincide with
the opinions so often expressed in that quarter, of
the utility, the necessity of this measure. It cer-
tainly must have reached the ears of the gentle-
man, that the people of that section of the country
deem it most important for the commercial inter-
ests, not only of themselves, but for the nation,
that a branch Mint should be located at the great
center of American commerce.
Sir, how came it that the Mint was not located
there at its origin ? It is one of those ideas which
we have borrowed from Europe—from the mo-
narchic countries of Europe—that the Mint should
only be located where the seat of Government
was, under the eyes of the Government itself;
with the Government to superintend its opera-
tions, and to preside over those manifestations of
sovereignty and emblems of its power, as thegen-
tleman expresses it, and which he deems so essen-
tial to retain. Sir, I know it was, and still is the
sentiment prevailing in the countries of Europe,
that it is a royal prerogative, and should be exer-
cised only under the eye of royalty. Probably
in consonance of this sentiment, it occurred
that when the city of Philadelphia, in the year
1792, was the capital of this country, Congress
located the Mint in that city. But, sir, that idea
of another age, and another .form of Govern-
ment,.has long since become obsolete here. The
power of this country, the sovereignty of the coun-
try—that which controls and directs the opera-
tions of the Government, and of the people—is
not concentrated within the capital of the Repub-
lic. The Government is not here. It is where
the public sentiment is; it is all over the country;
it is with the people; it manifests itself in a thou-
sand various ways, in which you hear it from the
local centers, all of them proclaiming to us, the
representatives of the people, what the will of the
Government, the opinion of the people, is.
Sir, there are laws which regulate this and other
commercial questions, as there arelaws regulating
the population .of the country, and they are laws
which we cannot contravene or repeal. They are
a part of the great laws of progress; the laws
which are carrying onward the population and
wealth ofthis country; the laws which arepeopl ng
the vast valley of the West, and carrying with
then* the intelligence, the capital, the industry, and
the popular 'opinion of the country. And they
will, at no very distant day, mak  that valley the
greatcenter of the Republic. You may attempt to
retain this capital here on the banks of the Poto-
mac, by the most lavish expenditure of money,
by all the appliances of art and taste, and by all
the expedients of legislation that you can devise
to prevent its removal; yet whenever it shall be-
come the manifest will of the masses, who in the
future shall inhabit .that great valley, the capital
will, notwithstanding all previous legislation, be
removed to some point nearer the center of the
Republic. The laws of population, of our national
progress, will remove it. So it is with the laws of
trade. They change the centers of cofntnferc'fe;
they create new necessities; they repeal the legis-
lation of the past. Indeed, th'6 idea of'retairiiVig.a
Mint at the seat of our GoVerhrpelht' fias passed
away. It is abaridonefl.1 It is no jia'rt of our be-
lief that the coinage of ffie currency of the'coOii-
try—this mnnifest ti'oh of sovereignty—is,frt>tfi
necessity, to be retained'tit the capital,vrtnd undef
the eye of those whi) administer the GAve^pment.
The capRM'Was removed fr6m Philadelphia half
a century since, and located here., The Mint'.re-
mhins'dtPhU^elphW- (
