364
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 20,
To the Home of Representative) :
(n answer to the resolution of the House of Representa-
tives of Ihe 37th ultimo, requesting information relative to
the claims oh Spain, ill the case of the bark Georgiana and
Ihe brie Susan I.onil, 1 transmit a report from the Secretary
of Stale, to whom the resolution was referred.
MILLARD FILLMORE.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move that the communi-
cation be laid upon the table and printed.
Mr. POLK. I move that it be referred to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs, in order that all
these communications relating to the subject of
our relations with Spain may be before that com-
mittee.
Mr. HOUSTON. Very well, sir; I withdraw
my motion.
The SPEAKER. Does the motion of the gen-
tleman from Tennessee include the printing of the
document?
Several Members. "Yes!" "yes!"
The question was then taken on Mr. Polk's
motion, and it was agreed to.
Mr. McMULLIN. I now move that the
House adjourn.
MILITARY ACADEMY BILL.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 appeal to the gentleman to
withdraw that motion for a moment. The Senate
have made three amendments to the Military Acad-
emy bill. They are amendments which are famil-
iar to us all—the riding hall is one. I should like
the House to disagree to the amendments, and
appoint a committee of conference.
Mr. McMULLIN. That will take too much
time. I adhere to my motion to adjourn.
DIPLOMATIC CORRESPONDENCE.
Mr. POLK. Will the gentleman allow me one
moment? My purpose is to prevent the printing
of the communication from the President which
has just been presented, until it has been examined
by the Committee on Foreign Affairs. The rela-
tions existing between the Government of Spain
and this Government are of such a character that
I do not think anything should be made public j
until it has been fully examined. I therefore move
to reconsider the vote by which the House ordered !
the communication to be printed.
The SPEAKER. That motion will be entered,
but it cannot further interfere with the motion to
adjourn.
Mr. McMULLIN. I withdraw the motion to
adjourn, for the purpose of enabling the motion to
reconsider to be now disposed of.
The SPEAKER. Then the motion to recon-
sider is before the House.
Mr. STANLY. I hope the House will not re-
consider that vote. The Administration have been
censured about this particular case, and I appeal
to the sense of justice of the gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Polk] to give them a fair hearing.
Mr. POLK. I will say to the gentleman from
North Carolina, that it is not my purpose to do
the President any injustice; but I make the motion
from a sense of propriety, because all communi-
cations of this sort should be examined by a stand-
ing committee of this House before they are made
public. I would be the last man to do the Presi-
dent of the United States any injustice, but we do
not know what that communication contains.
Mr. STANLY. I know the gentleman does
not design to do the Administration any injustice,
but that will undoubtedly be the effect of his
motion. The Administration have been sharply
assailed from one quarter about this very affair.
It surely can be no great matter of public concern
as to the negotiations in these particular cases be-
tween the authorities of Spain and the United
States. I again appeal to the gentleman and to the
House, as an act of justice to the Administration,
to allow the papers to be printed and go before the
country. I have no objection to their reference to
the Committee on Foreign Affairs, except that at
this late period of the session, under the rules of
the House, they never will be reached. The gen-
tleman, therefore, will be unintentionally doing in-
justice to the Administration. Let the papers go
before the country, and let the Administration
have a fair hearing in a matter about which they
have been assailed.
Mr. POLK. Does the gentleman remember the
publication of the correspondence with regard to ,
Cuba, which was made public without any ex-
amination : If the Committee on Foreign Affairs
had had the examination of that matter, the cor-
respondence would probably not have been pub- !
lished. I believe that it is the general custom of
the House to refer such communications to a com-
mittee for examination before publication. Itcan-
not do any injustice to the President.
Mr. STANLY. I never knew such a motion
to be made here during my public service—not a
very short one—and 1 hope the House will not
agree to it. It would be doing injustice to the
Administration, although the gentleman from Ten-
nessee does not submit it with that view.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I appeal to my col-
league to withdraw his motion to reconsider the
vote ordering the message to be printed. What-
ever error there may have been in printing the
communication with respect to Cuba, which was
sent here last session, it was in the fact that it was
sent here at all. If the papers had been referred
to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and that
committee had reported them back with a recom-
mendation that they be not printed, does anybody
suppose that those communications could have
been kept secret? If they had gone to that com-
mittee, or been in this House, they would have
been printed somehow or other, as a matter of
course. I hope my colleague will withdraw his
motion to reconsider.
Mr. STANLY. The other day, a communica-
tion was sent to the Senate, and one of the papers
got hold of it and published it the next morning.
Any member of the House may take this commu-
nication under the seal of secrecy, and some agent
will get hold of it and publish the contents. Let
the Administration bear the blame, if it is pub-
lished improperly. 1 again appeal to the magna-
nimity of the gentleman from Tennessee to allow
the communication to be printed.
Mr. POLK. I concur in the suggestion of my
colleague, that if there was any error in the publi-
cation of the communication last session, with re-
gard to Cuba, the fault rests with the President.
But what effect can that have, when a national
injustice is done? What good will it do us to
j attribute the error to a high officer after the na-
tional character has suffered by it ? All the injury
that can be done will have been accomplished by
the publication. It is my purpose to avoid that. [
But if the gentleman from North Carolina insists
; upon it, and my colleague desires it, I will per-
haps withdraw my motion. I will first, however,
yield the floor to the gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. Bayly,] who desires to say a few words.
Mr. BAYLY. I am glad that the gentleman
from Tennessee is willing to withdraw his motion
to reconsider—for I understand him as expressing
his willingness te do so. I agree entirely with his
colleague, [Mr. Jones.] So far as the correspond-
ence with respect to Cuba is concerned, the error
committed, if error there was—and I certainly
think there most palpably was—was that the
President, who had discretion left to him to com-
municate such information, in response to the call
of my colleague, [Mr. Faulkner,] as might not
be incompatible with the public interests, commu-
nicated papers which, in my humble opinion,
ought never to have been made public. But after
he had communicated the papers to this House, it
was utterly impossible that they should not go to
the public. For instance, take this very commu-
nication, if it were ever ordered to be published
by this House, I am not aware of it. I think not.
It came here in response to a resolution presented
by one of my colleagues; and although I kept a
pretty good look-out as to the business upon the
Speaker's table, yet I never was aware that the
call had been answered until I saw it published in
some newspaper—I think the National Intelli-
gencer. When it was sent here it was left upon
the Speaker's table, and in some wav became
public.
Now, ltoccurs to me, that as a practical question,
it is worse than idle to attempt to prevent these com-
munications from going before the public. They
will go; and I am not entirely satisfied that when the
President sends a communication here, it ought
not to go there. The Constitution of the United
States has authorized him to communicate to Con-
gress, and when Congress calls upon him to exer-
cise his discretion in sending the information for
which they ask, I do not think we have a right to
withhold it from the public. The confidential part
of our affairs belong to the President and the Sen-
ate; and when they, after being consulted, choose
to make any matter public, I do not see that, as
a question of constitutional law, and still less as a .
practical question, how we can prevent its publi-
cation.
Mr. POLK. Before taking any definite action
upon this motion, I will suggest to the gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. Bayly] one instance in the
history of our country where much difficulty re-
sulted from the publication of a communication
from the President of the United States. In the
case of the French indemnity, the President was
called upon for the diplomatic correspondence and
other papers connected with it. He communi-
cated them to Congress, and they were published.
Objection was made to the publication of a
portion of it, (Mr. Rives's correspondence,) and
that gave rise to all the difficulty which occurred,
during General Jackson's administration, with
the French nation. That is one instance; and
how do we know what the publication of this
communication may lead to? Ought we not to
examine it, and see whether it is proper to make
it public, before we give it to other nations in an
official form. It is true, that if we refuse to pub-
lish it, it may appear in the newspapers; that the
letter-writers may get hold of it; but I am op-
posed to giving it publicity in an official form to
other nations, until we know what it is.
But the gentleman says it cannot be kept private.
How is that? If I understand it rightly, every-
thing which is communicated here, and lies upon
the Speaker's table, is private. If it goes to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs, it is surely private
there. Nothing is published except what they
recommend and the House determines to publish.
It is to avoid difficulties of this character that I
submit the motion to reconsider, and thus to pre-
clude the publication of the communication until
it shall have been examined. If the House vote
down the motion, I must submit. I have no per-
sonal feeling in the matter—no disposition to cen-
sure the President where he is not clearly censur-
able. My only object is to adoptaproper caution'
in all these matters.
The President, in the publication of the corre-
spondenceof the last Administration, relating to the
purchase of Cuba, was guilty of a gross indiscre-
j tion; and I am unwilling to trust implicity in his
judgment. The unsettled state of our relations
with Spain require caution, watchfulness, and
1 scrutiny; and I cannot say that the conduct of the
i President, heretofore, in matters connected with
our diplomatic relations with Spain, meets my ap-
probation. Indeed, I think he has impaired the
dignity of our Republic in the estimation of the
civilized world, by violating the pledged confidence
of the Government, and by submitting to shame-
ful indignities. But for this I would not object
to the printing.
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask the previous question
on the motion to reconsider.
Mr. STANLY. Has not the motion to re-
consider been withdrawn?
Mr. POLK. 1 will not withdraw the motion.
I propose to let the House act upon it.
Mr. McMULLIN. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The question was put, and the motion agreed
to.
And the House adjourned till to-morrow at
twelve o'clock, m.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. HENN gave noticc that he would ask leave to-mor-
row, or at some future day, to introduee " a bill to grant a
'certain quantity of public land to the State of Iowa, in
'alternate sections, for the purpose of aiding said State in
'the construction of a railroad from the cities of Burlington
'and Keokuck to tiie Missouri river, in said fcHate."
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions and memorials were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate committees :
By Mr. KUHNS : The petition of A. J. Carney, a soldier
of the Mexican war, praying for relief.
Also, the petition of Margaret Aller, widow of Peter Al-
ter, a soldier of the Revolution, praying for relief.
By Mr. PEASLEE : Memorial of John Langdon, pray-
ing for compensation for services and advances made in the
late war with Great Britain.
By Mr. PHELPS: The petition of R. Phillips and 35
others, citizens of Laclede county, Missouri, residing in
township No. 33, of range No. 17, stating that the sixteenth
section of that townshipis unfit for cultivation, and praying
to be permitted to select other lands in lieu thereof.
By Mr. McNAIR: The petition of David Blyler and 63
others, citizens of Montgomery county, in the State of Penn-
sylvania, asking for a in ail route from Springhouse Tavern,
to Sumneytown, in said county.
By Mr. FULLER, of Maine: The memorial of H. 9.
Alden and James Eddy, asking of Congress a grant of land
