1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
365
for eonstiiu tiHij a tdv«irai hic Hue between the Pacific and 1
Atlantic Stato*.
H> Mr MINER The memorial of the members of the
tor of the I>i#tnct of Columbia, praying increased compen-
sation to the of the Orphan*' Court for said District.
K> Mr. Rl'RRoWS • A memorial ot citizens of the State
of Vow York, a>knu; for tlie passage of a law making an
appropriation of Government land*, tortile purpose of aid-
\n  in the construction of a channel, suitable to ship navi-
gation, between the Lakes Ontario and Kne.
1U Mr. HEW : The joint resolution of the Legislative
As<enibl\ of the State ot Iowa, asking a grant of land to aid
tn the construction of a railroad from Burlington ami Keo-
kuok,to the Missouri river.
IN SENATE.
Friday, January 21, 1S53.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. C. M. Bptler.
The credentials of the Hon. Benjamin* Fitz-
Patrick, appointed by the Governor of Alabama
a Senator trom that State, to fill the vacancy occa-
sioned by the resignation of the Hon. William
R. King, w ere presented yesterday in Executive
session, by Mr. Adams, and he took his seat.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. SEWARD presented the petition of Wil-
liam C. Simpson and others, praying that the pub-
lic lands may be transferred to the States for the
purpose of being granted, in limited quantities, to
actual settlers not possessed of other land; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. SMITH presented additional documents
in support of the claim of Dr. Charles T. Jack-
son, of Boston, to the discovery of the use of an-
esthetic agents in surgical operations; which were
referred to the Select Committee appointed on the
subject of anaesthetic, agents.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, presented a memorial
of the Common Council of the city of Dubuque,
Iowa, praying that the title of the United States
in the streets, alleys, public squares, wharves and
burying-grounds of Dubuque, may be surrendered
to that city: which was referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
Mr. DAVIS submitted additional documents in
support of the claim of Dr. Morton to be the dis-
coverer of the use of anaesthetic agents in surgical
operations; which were referred to the Select Com-
mittee on the subject of anaesthetic agents.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. SEWARD, it was
Ordered, Tliat the petition of James D. Cobb, on til'' tiles
of the Senair. I* referred lo the Committee on Military Af-
fairs.
On motion by Mr. HAMLIN, it was
Ordered, That EMot f\ Penny have leave to withdraw
his petition and papers.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. BADGER, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to which was referred the bill concerning
bail in civil causes in the District of Columbia, re-
ported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the bill from the House of Represent-
atives, " to prevent frauds upon the Treasury of
the United States," reported it with amendments.
Mr. BORLAND, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to which was referred the motion of Mr. But-
ler, to print ten thousand additional copies of the
report of theCommittee on the Judiciary, in rela-
tion to the expediency of abolishing the office of
chaplain in the public service, reported in favor of
printing the same; and the report was concurred
in.
Mr. SHIELDS, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to which the subject was re-
ferred, reported " a joint resolution for the location
' and construction of a bridge on a new site across
' the Potomac river, in the District of Columbia,
'in accordance with the intentions of the late Pres-
ident Andrew Jackson;" which was read and
passed to the second reading.
It proposes to authorize the President of the
United States to employ a number of competent
engineers for the purpose of selecting a site and
preparing a plan for a new bridge across the Po-
tomac, with a view of establishing an uninter-
rupted communication between the North and
South by the most practicable, feasible, and conve-
nient route; and that when the plan of the bridge
shall have been adopted by the President, the Sec-
retary of the Interior shall advertise for propo-
sals, and shall contract with the lowest responsible
bidder or bidders who shall give satisfactory
security for the faithful performance of the work,
and proposes to appropriate $200,000 for that ob-
ject.
NEW MAIL ROUTES.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committer oil the Post Office and
Post Roads lie instructed t" inquire into the expediency of
providing by law for the establishment of a mail route from
Sabula, by sterling, to Maquoketa, in the State of Iowa.
Also, from Dubuque, Iowa, t in l.euton anil Shullsburg, to
Janesville, Wisconsin.
CALIFORNIA INDIAN AGENTS.
Mr. WELLER. I ask leave to submit the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Intenor be directed
to submit to the Senate copies of all letters and correspond-
ence between the Department and the Indian agents and
commissioners in the State of California which liave not
already been published.
If there be no objection, I ask for the consider-
ation of the resolution at this time. My object is
to get that portion of the correspondence which
has not already been published; and it is but jus-
tice to the Indian agents that it should be pub-
lished.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives
was received, by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, announ-
cing that it had passed the bill from the Senate
" to prohibit public executions in the District of
Columbia."
Also, that it had agreed to the amendment of
the Senate to the bill "to extend the provisions
' of an act approved the 3d of March, 1847, and the
• act approved the 26th of February, 1849, for car-
' rying into effect the existing compacts with the
' States of Alabama and Mississippi, in relation to
' the five per cent, fund and school reservations."
Also, that it had agreed to the conference asked
by the Senate on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses, on the bill to continue naif pay to certain
widows and orphans; and have appointed Mr.
Cobb, of Alabama, Mr. Harris, of Tennessee, and
Mr. Porter, of Missouri, a committee of confer-
ence on their part.
The conferees on the part of the Senate are Mr.
Hamlin, Mr. Jokes of Iowa, and Mr. Borland.
EXTENSION OF PRE-EMPTION RIGHTS.
Mr. DOWNS, by unanimous consent, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a bill to extend
preemption rights to unsurveyed lands, and for
other purposes; which was read a first and second
time by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
WILLIAM HAZZARD WIGG.
On motion by Mr. BUTLER, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, resumed the considera-
tion of the bill " authorizing the adjustment and
payment of the claims of William Hazzard Wigg,
deceased, for losses sustained by him during the
war of the Revolution."
Mr. DE SAUSSURE. I move to amend the
second section of the bill by striking out the
words " $30,117 with legal interest from the 14th
day of November, 1782," and to insert in their
place the words " $37,197, with legal interest from
the 4th of March, 1851." The amendment, it
will be perceived, proposes to change both the
amount allowed by the bill and the interest. It
proposes to raise the principal sum from $30,117
to $37,197. It also proposes to reduce the amount
of interest by allowing none except since the 4th
of March, 1851.
When the bill was before the Senate heretofore,
it seemed to receive the approbation of the mem-
bers of the body generally; but a question arose
as to the interest, and it was supposed that it was
inconsistent with the rules adopted by the Senate
to allow interest from 1782. Upon reconsideration,
it is proposed to amend the allowance upon the
subject of interest so as to allow interest from the
commencement of the present Congress, during
which this application has been made, from
March 4th, 1851, instead of November 14th, 1782,
which I suppose will remove the objections which
were urged against the bill last week.
The amount of #30,117, mentioned in the ori-
ginal draft of the bill, was the lowest possible
: valuation that could be put upon the property; and
it will be found, by referring to the report of the
committee, that they gay " the value of it is as-
sessed at the lowest rates." The committeejas-
sessed the property at the lowest rates, because
they proposed to allow interest from that remote
period. 1 propose to substitute in place of that
very low allowance made by the committee of the
Senate the allowance which has been proposed
by thecommittee of the House, namely, $37,197.
I believe justice will hardly be done to the party
by this allowance; but nevertheless, as the Senate
seemed to be startled by the amount of interest
which would accumulate on this claim from 1782,
the friends of the bill, rather than jeopardize its
passage, agreed to adopt the proposition to allow
interest only from the commencement of the pres-
ent Congress.
Gentlemen may object, and they did object to
the allowance of interest, because the claim was
not presented earlier; but if they will look into the
report, they will find that there were good reasons
wny it was not presented at an earlier period. For
example, the death of Major Wigg immediately
after the revolutionary war; the fact that his son
was then in college; that the evidence which is fur-
nished of the claim at that time was placed in the
hands of Mr. Hutson; that either while the son
was at college, or soon after his return home, Mr.
Hutson died; and thus the evidence of the extent
of the claim was out of sight until a very recent
period, when it was discovered by the grandson
of the party in whose hands the evidence lay. I
think this will redeem the party from the charge
of laying by and failing to present his claim at the
proper time. But that question will not now be
raised, and I hope that by the extreme moderation
of the present application, all opposition to this
bill will be disarmed.
Mr. HALE. I think the honorable Senator
from South Carolina, in his amendment, has intro-
duced a new principle. His proposition is to strike
out the whole of the allowance of interest from
1782, and to insert a provision allowing it from the
commencement of the present Congress. If we
give it in this case, we must give it to every claim-
ant who has made an application for a claim du-
ring this Congress which we think to be just. I
have, however, no particular objection to the
amendment; but after it is voted upon, I shall state
what I have to say upon the merits of the bill, and
I shall be brief. As the amendment consists of
two branches, I ask for a division of it.
The PRESIDENT. Then the question will be
on the first branch of the amendment, to strike out
$30,117, and insert $37,197.
The amendment was agreed to.
The question was then taken on the next branch
of the amendment, to strike out the words " from
the 14th day of November, 1782," and insert
" from the 4th day of March, 1851;" and it was
agreed to.
Mr. HALE. As this bill was last Friday post-
poned, at my suggestion, and I promised at the
time to look into it a little, and give some gentle-
men the result of my investigation, I wish to say
a few words. If the report in this case is to be
relied upon as history, I have been unfortunate in
! the investigations which I have made. It is al-
leged in the report that the excited state of feeling
from which these prisoners suffered, arose among
the British on account of the execution of Major
Andre. If I am right in my dates, Major Andre
was executed on the second of October, 1780, and
Charleston was surrendered on the 12th of May
previous.
Mr. BUTLER. But that has nothing to do
; with the question.
Mr. HALE. Well, these are the facts as I find
them, though I may be mistaken. Then, what-
; ever feeling there could have been in relation to
1 the detention of Major Wigg, if these facts are
true—and I have them from the Libraritfii, to whom
I sent for the dates some time ago—I do not very
! well see how the statement in the report can be true.
The Librarian gave me the dates tnus: Charleston
I was surrendered on the 12th of May, 1780, and
I Andre was executed on the 2d of October follow-
! ing—some five months afterwards.
| The report further states that the facts of the
I case are sustained by the history of Gordon and
Ramsay. If that be so, I have been unfortunate
I'in my researches. Both Gordon and Ramsay give
j the history of the siege and surrender of Charles-
| ton-, but they are entirely silent, so far as I have
