866
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 21,
been able to discover—and in y y researches I
have been assisted by the Librarian of Congress
 about this case. The Senator who makes the
report can correct me if I am wrong; but I looked
into both these authorities, and 1 did not find any
statement of this case in either. The general his-
tory of the siege, defense, and surrender of Charles-
ton is given in every history of the time, but there
is no more in the history about this case than any
other of the five thousand—for I think over five
thousand were surrendered at Charleston. No
more is said about Major Wigg than about any
of the rest of them. So that I think the report is
mistaken in these facts; or if it be not mistaken, I
have been very unfortunate in my examinations
of history.
The report, however, in one part of it, states, I
think, the true ground on which Major Wigg was
subjected to this severity. It is this:
"The general feeling of asperity at this time perhaps
raged higher in South Camtina than in any other State of
the Confederacy, During the time the State seemed to be
subdued, the Tories, availing themselves of the advantages
of their temporary ascendency, perpetrated most signal bar-
barities."
That no doubt is true.
"Excited bythese barbarities to more strenuous exertions,
and encouraged by the advance of assistance from Congress,
the Patriots of Sosth Carolina renewed the struggle, and
regained the greater part of the State which had been lost.
When their power was restored, they inflicted the severest
penalties on the Tories in return for the injuries they had
sustained."
It was " in this state ofthiwgs," the report says,
that the British commander at Charleston select-
ed from among the prisoners of war at large upon
parole," a certain number of them, who from
being prisoners on parole, he converted into close
prisoners. The whole number surrendered was
five thousand, and he selected a certain number of
them, and made them close prisoners.
The facts, as stated in the report, show that the
Tories inflicted great severities on the Americans.
When the Americans regained the ascendency,
they retaliated on the Tones; and under the exas-
perated state of feeling thus created, the British
commander seized a portion of the prisoners sur-
rendered at Charleston on parole, and made them
close prisoners. Of this number, Major Wigg, it
seems, was one. While they were thus prisoners,
Colonel Hayne was executed, and Major Wigg,
being present, expressed in terms of strong remon-
strance the indignation which every American
would naturally feel at such an outrage. That is
what the report says. The British, to revenge
themselves on him for this outburst of patriotic in-
dignation at the barbarous murder of Colonel
Hayn'e, sent their forces and committed this out-
rage on his property. I have no doubt that these
are the facts; but these show that the destruction
had nothing in the world to do with the execution
of Major Andre, for that did not transpire till after-
wards.
These losses were not suffered in consequence
of any hostageship on the part of Major Wigg.
If he was a hostage in fact or by construction, it
was but an act of revenge for the expression of
his indignation at the barbarous outrage which had
been committed on an American officer. But was
he a hostage? Was he a hostage in any sense,
expressed or implied ? A hostage, as defined by
Grotius, and as stated in the report, is one that
freely gives himself, or is given up by the Supreme
power of the State to the enemy, to answer for
the conduct of his own Government. It is not
pretended that Major Wigg was either of these.
He neither gave himself up, nor was he given up
by the supreme power. What was tne case?
The British commander did on that occasion as
the Britishdid on other occasions. Hesaid, " We
will measure the treatment of our prisoners by the
conduct which you exhibit to yours," that is, we
have got these prisoners; we hold them; and if
you exer8ise any barbarities upon the British
whom you have taken prisoners, we will retali-
ate upon these; and in that sense, perhaps, it might
be_ said he forced them to' be hostages. But
things of this sort were freqentiy occurring during
the Revolution. Every commander, to a certain
extent, makes the. prisoners whom he holds host-
ages ; that is, he measures his own conduct towards
his prisoners by the conduct which his prisoners
receive at the epemy's hands.
I have not the least doubt in the world of all that
is said in the report as to the bravery, gallantry,
and courage of Major Wigg. He was evidently a
highly honorable patriot. He felt the feelings of
a patriot, and the indignation of a patriot, when
he saw the barbarities inflicted on Colonel Hayne
by the British, and he expressed them. For the
expression of that natural feeling, the British very
meanly and very dishonorably retaliated by this
outrage upon his private property. 1 would be
glad to pay him if it were consistent with any
principles we have ever recognized; but if we pay
liim, may we not be colled to pay the descendants
of every one of the five thousand prisoners sur-
rendered at Charleston, provided they were taken
from being prisoners on parole, and ordered into
closecustody ? If we sanction the principle of this
bill, may not their descendants come forward and
ask you for compensation for injuries which they
suffered eighty yearsago ? If you pass this bill, it
seems to me you must pay them. Major Wigg
was but one of thousands. He suffered, perhaps,
more than others. But this case does not come,
as I think, within any principle which has ever
been recognized by the Government; for the in-
jury, to make the Government liable, must, ac-
cording to public law, grow out of the relation of
a hostage, which he sustained. This injury did
not grow out of that relation, but it grew out of
the resentment which the British felt at the expres-
sion of his indignation at their cruelties and bar-
barities.
I know it is an invidious and unpleasant task to
say a word against this bill; but having pledged
myself to the Senate last week, that if they would
postpone it, I would bestow some attention upon
it, I have done so,and I have stated the facts as I
have found them. I shall, however, be contented
with whatever result the Senate may come to.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. President, I do not object
to the tone or the tenor of the remarks of the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire. The gentleman who
is interested in this bill, has given up a great deal
that the committee of the Senate thought he was
entitled to ask; but I wish to correct the Senator
from New Hampshire in one or two historical
particulars in relation to this case. The surrender
of Charleston certainly was in May, 1780. An-
dre's execution was, as he has stated, in October,
1780; but you must recollect that it was after An-
dre's execution that Greene wfos sent to the South;
and when he was sent there, he undertook to re-
claim South Carolina, and when he was under-
taking to do that—mark this—the British changed
, the condition of the prisoners entirely, and made
, it much more rigorous than it had been before
| Greene's return. It was after Greene's return, in
: 1781, that Hayne was executed; and it has always
been believed,and I think very well confirmed by
; the verdict of history, that Hayne's execution was
in consequence of Andre's execution, and that the
J British were looking for an opportunity to make
, a striking retaliation. They had no such oppor-
tunity of which they could well avail themselves;
: but they continued to change the condition of the
j prisoners, until it was much worse than that of
| hostages. If I were to describe to the Senator
from New Hampshire the condition of the pris-
j oners who were confined in the prison-ships, his
' heart could not but respond to the honorable feel-
j ings which then prevailed.
j Of the five thousand prisoners who surrendered
; at Charleston, there were but about sixty* selected
! to be put on board the prison-ships, to sleep, and
' live, sir, in the midst of loathsome filth of a foul
i floating prison. They were selected with the
view that the Americans might do something
which would give the British a pretext to retaliate
for Andrf's execution; and they found it. They
found it in the character of as honorable a-man as
* The following are the names of the prisoners selected;
a list to be preserved—viz: Christopher Gadsden, Edward
Blake, John Budd, Robert Cochran, John Edwards. Thom-
as Ferguson, William Hasell Gibbes, William Hall, Thomas
Hall, Thomas Heyward, jr., Isaac Holmes, Richard Htitson,
William Johnson, Rev. John Lewis, William Livingston,
John Loveday, Richard Lashington, WiUiam Massey, Ed-
ward McCready, Alexander Moultrie, John Mowatt, John
Neufville, Edward North, Joseph Parker, John Ernest Poy-
or, David Ramsay, Jacob Read, Hugh Rutledge, Edward
Rulledge, Jno. Jamison,Thomas Savage,Thomas Singleton,
Josiah Smith. James Hampden Thompson, Peter Timothy,
John Todd, Anthony Toomer, Joseph Bee, Richard Iifres-
ford, Daniel Bourdeaux, Benjamin Cud worth, Edward Dar-
rell, Henry Crouch, John S. Cripp, Daniel De Saussure,
George A. Hall, Thomas Grintball, Noble Wimberly Jones,
William Lee, William Logan, Arthur Middleton. Christo-
pher Peters, Benjamin Postell, Samuel Prioleau, Philip
Smith, John Berwick, Benjamin Waller. James Wakefield,
Edward Wsyman, and Morton Wilkinson.
| ever lived. And here I will do justice to the offi.
! cer who captured Hayne—Mad Campbell, I be.
! lieve hewas called. He was a Scotch officer, and
i a colonel in the British army; and when Hayne
, was led to execution, he said that if he had fore-
seen that Hayne was to be executed, the hand
that touched him should have been cut off before
he should have been made a prisoner. Sir, that
was the man who captured Hayne, and he after-
wards fell into the hands of Greene, who refrained
from retaliating upon a brave and generous foe.
Whether it was Campbell who fell into the hands
of Greene, or some officer in whom he took a deep
interest, I am unable at this moment to recall. It
was owing, I believe, in agreat measure, to the in-
fluence of Campbell, who had an uncommonly
high reputation in the British army, that Wigg
and the other men confined with him were not
executed. They pledged themselves that they
would give their blood for the noble cause of our
country, and told Greene to go on. But his
hand was restrained because the American army
would not allow him to take vengeance upon such
an officer as Campbell, who was taken in exchange
afterwards. Sir, the condition of Major Wigg
was worse than that of a hostage.
I do not wish to correct the historical recollec-
tion or researches of the Senator, because, when
the report refers to Ramsay and other historians,
it is not to be understood that these historians
refer specifically to Major Wigg's case, though in
Ramsay, the letter which has been incorporated
in the report is to be found. With regard to the
siege of Charleston, the time when Hayne was
executed, the circumstances under which he was
executed, the feelings which it kindled at the time,
are all very graphically and strongly portrayed by
Ramsay and other historians; and therefore, I said
that the general tone and tenor of history is, that
the execution of Hayne was in consequence of
the execution of Andre. That is the general im-
pression among us, whether it be so or not. But
with regard to the number of persons placed upon
the prison-ship and carried to Saint Augustine, I
think there were some fifty, perhaps sixty. I be-
lieve there were more placed upon the " Pack
Horse;" but they were men of mark, whom it was
intended to execute, if Greene carried out his pur-
pose of retaliating for the execution of Hayne.
And it was accidental that he did not.
Mr. JAMES. Mr. President, I rise to offer a
few brief remarks, and not for the purpose of
making a speech on the merits of the question be-
; fore us; the committer having gone fully into all
the facts bearing on the merits of the case, super-
, sedes the necessity for me to go over that ground
j again. I will only add, in reply to the Senator
i from New Hampshire, [Mr. Hale,") that the facts
i set forth in the report wure amply sustained by
' the evidence before the committee.
Sir, the committee to whom this subject was
referred, considered it as one of a peculiar and a
very interesting character. The committee had
no precedent to guide them in their deliberations,
i and no other grounds on which to base their de-
cision than what they considered to be the real
j merits of the case. After havingcarefully reviewed
all the facts, and well considered the whole subject
in all its bearings, they arrived at a conclusion
which they could not forego, that a strict sense of
justice, even in the absence of all precedent, de-
! manded the payment of the compensation asked
; for; and they made out their report accordingly.
Sir, as no othpr claim like this has ever been
presented to Congress, so it is likely that no other
one ever will be presented; and therefore I think
we have no reason to fear the effects of the pay-
ment of this, as a precedent. But, sir, even were
it otherwise, I should be in favor of the payment
of all claims, as fair, as just, and as honorable, as
I consider this to be. It is enough for me to know,
sir, that the worthy patriot in behalf of whose
heirs this claim is preferred, endured great suffer-
ing, and sustained the total loss of his entire.prop-
erty, in consequence of his firm and heroic ad-
herence to his country's cause in the darkest
hour of her peril, and .performed for her many a
gallant deed. Some mention has been made here
of being: acted on 'by the power of sympathy;
but, sir, however great my sympathy, I am moved
to act in this case by the force of gratitude and
simple justice.
Mr. President, yhile I am .up, I would crave
permission to respond to the very handsome com-
