1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
367
pliment paid the other day by the honorable Sen-
ator from Spilth Carolina [\lr. Bctier] to the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims—to the State
which I have the honor to represent in part on
this door, and to me. Sir, as regards the commit-
tee a.'mded to, I may be permitted to say, that
 ha:<?\er difference may exist in their views on
some points, there is no one of its members who
would willingly suffer himself to perform wjiat he
niislit regard as an act ot" injustice towwds any
section or interest of his country. As respects
myself, sir, it gives me pleasure to meet witli the
approbation of such men as the honorable Senator
Irom South Carolina; yet, sir, I can claim 110 great
mem for what he is pleased to term the able man-
ner in which I represent my native State. Young
in the business of legislation, I can make no just
pretension to profound statesmanship; and en-
deavor lo discharge my duty by a strict regard to
truth and justice, and to the honor, welfare, and
prosperity of my whole country, irrespective of
sectional lines or local interests. And, sir, as the
high sense of honor of that gentleman will lead
him to do, thus will I do—fix the seal of reproba-
tion on every attempt, from whatever quarter it
may come, to sacrifice the general interest to sec-
tional feelings, and the strife of sectional parties.
As a native son of Rhode Island, permit me to
say, Mr. President, in behalf of that State, we
feel a laudable pride in having given to our coun-
try. in the great and glorious struggle for her na-
tional existence and national independence, a
msii, a patriot, a hero—powerful on the field of
battle, and second only to the illustrious and im-
mortal Washington. Sir, Rhode Island is grate-
ful to the gallant States of South Carolina and
Georgia for the favor which they extended to the
illustrious Greene, for the bounty they showered
upon him, and for the high estimate they placed
on his gallantry and his worth. Sir, it gave me
great pleasure, as it will ^ive to my constituents,
to hear tfoe high tribute of respect to the memory
of that departed hero, paid it by ray honorable
friend—a tribute not the less valuable because well
deserved. Sir, a word for my State, and I have
done.
Mr. President, though in our national struggle
for freedom and independence, Rhode Island,
even yet small, was poor and feeble—no one of
the "Old Thirteen" was more patriotic, nor more
true and faithful to the slorious cause. According
to her means, no one did more to promote that
cause, or did it more cheerfully. Sir, a regiment j
of Rhode Islanders followed the fortunes of |
Greene, and fought at his side. The ashes of 1
numbers of that little but gallant band are scat- ,
tered on the fields of the Carolinas, where they
gloriously fell battling with their country's foes;
and in my own native county, the birth-place of
Greene, I can point to the turf that covers the
mortal remains of many others of that same gal-
lant band, who, having survived the revolutionary
struggle, returned to live and to die in the home
of their childhood. From that time, when our
country took up arms to vindicate her rights, to the
present moment, no State has been more true than
mine to the national interest, nor less disturbed
bv section^ jealousies. At times she may have
been mislec by false views of national and State
policy—for what people is perfect; yet I may ven-
ture to Bay, through all changes and under all cir-
cumstances, and however great may have been
her errors of judgment, she has been true to what
she considered at the time the national interest,
true to the Constitution, true to the laws, true to (
the Union, and true and loyal to the Government.
Sir, I am proud to say, if there be a State in this
Union, which, more than another, identifies all
the great interests of the country as an unit, all
tendine to one point, the national prosperity and
greatness; if there be one State that knows polit- \
ically, " no North, no South, no East and no
West," that State is Rhode Island. Sir, she is
smalt in territory, small in jiopulation; she is.but
a speck on the map of the Tjnion, when compared
with many other States, but she has a soul as
expansive as that of the largest of them, and as-
pirations as high.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amendffl,
and the question was stated to be on concurring
in the amendments made as in Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. HALE. I do not mean to oppose the biH; |
but I think that the principle of putting in interest il
from the commencement of the Congress when
the claim was presented is an evil one, and if we
adopt it in this case, we must adopt it in every such
case. The sum here is very trifling, but it is es-
tablishing a new principle, and we shall have to
apply the same principle to the very next private
bill that comes up. 1 mustobject to that. I must,
therefore, ask for a division of the amendment in
relation to the interest, and I shall also ask for the
yeas and nays oil the latter part of it.
The PRESIDENT. The question now is on
the first amendment made as in Committee of the
Whole.
Several Senators. What is the amendment?
Mr. BUTLER. I will state the amendment.
The Committee on Revolutionary Claims of the
Senate, assuming that interest was due this gentle-
man, put the very lowest estimate upon the prop-
erty. In looking to what was the real value of
the property at the time it was lost, they took the
lowest value with a view to allow interest. Now,
as the friends of the bill have given up the ques-
tion of interest, they have a right to resort to the
true and ordinary value of the property—the
value, as placed upon it by the statutes of Georgia
and South Carolina. The House of Representa-
tives has taken that estimate. We propose now
to take that estimate, which makes the allowance
$37,197, instead of §30,117, with the interest from
the time at which the gentleman made thedemand
upon the Government.
I concur very much with the views of those
who think interest ought not to be allowed when
the Government was not aware of any obligation;
but from the time it was disclosed to the Govern-
ment that there was an obligation upon (t to pay,
it seems to me but common justice, that from that
time it should be liable to pay interest. I would
not have it beyond the time when the demand was
made upon the Government. We have yielded
all beyond that time. But from the time that the
demand was made upon the Government by Ma-
jor Wigg—which was in March, 1851—the Gov-
ernment knew it was liable for the debt—that is, if
we think the Government liable at all, and there-
fore, from that tim.' interest should be paid. I
would not force the principle. I do not go into
the Galphin claim. That is the great bug-bear.
My opinion with regard to the Galphin claim—
the subject of so much comment, and which is so
odious in public estimation—is this: that Georgia
primarily ought to have paid it; and if Georgia
had paid it in this instance, I am satisfied she
would not have paid interest beyond the time
when the subject was brought to the knowledge
of her Legislature. It was transferred. As Geor-
gia would have had the right to make a demand
upon the Federal Government for all advances
by her, we would have been compelled to pay
all the demand of Georgia, with interest upon
it. Therefore, from the time the claim was pre-
sented to the United States, perhaps interest might
have been claimed. I think it is so in this case;
and beyond that, I think the Government is not
liable for the interest. The report of the commit-
tee is according to my views in that respect.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on the
first amendment made as in Committee of the
Whole, to strike out $30,117, and insert $37,197.
The amendment was concurred in; and the ques-
tion then was stated to be on the second amend-
ment, to strike out of that portion of the bill re-
lating to interest, the words "from the 14th of
November, 1782," and insert " from the 4th day
of March, 1851."
Mr. HALE. I have not a word to say in re-
gard to that amendment, except that if we allow
the interest in this case, we shall have to give
it in every such case which confts before Con-
gress.
The PRESIDENT. Does the Senator insist
on the yeas and nays?
Mr. HALE. I suppose the amendment, under
the rules of the Senate, is not divisible, except by
unanimous consent. It is an amendment to strike
out and insest. I hope, however, the Senator
from South Carolina will allow it to be divided—
so as to let the question be first put on striking
out the allowance of interest. I am in favor of
striking out the interest provided for in the bill;
but I am not in favor of inserting the interest for
the time which the Senator proposes to insert. If
the Senator will permit the question to be taken
on the motion to strike out, and then, when that
is settled, renew his motion to insert, it will save
time, and expedite the business of the Senate.
Mr. DE SAUSSURE. I will not object to the
proposition being pyt in that shape.
No objection was made to pursuing the course
suggested; and the motion to strike out the allow-
ance of interest from the 14th of November, 1782,
was agreed to.
Mr. DE SAUSSURE I now move to insert
"with interest from the 4th day of March, 1851."
The ground for that is, that that was the com-
mencement of the present Congress, at which time
the application was made.
Mr. BRADBURY. I would like to learn from
the Senator the reason why that particular time is
fixed upon for the payment of interest. The
amount must necessarily be small, as the time is
so short. I think it will not be worth while to
adopt a principle which may be troublesome in
other cases, for an amount so small as this.
Mr. SHIELDS. The interest is fixed from the
date when the application for payment was first
made.
Mr. BRADBURY. If the interest is granted
in this case, it will involve necessarily this prin-
ciple: that whenever a petition is presented for the
payment of any claim, if the claim is subsequently
allowed, interest must be paid from the time the
claim was presented.
Mr. BUTLER. Not always.
Mr. BRADBURY. We have sometimes adopt-
ed the principle that the interest shall be paid,
when any claim is allowed, from the time when
the proof was completed, in cases of liquidated
damages. In this case, although it is a very mer-
itorious one, the damages do not appear, as I
understand it, to have been liquidated; nor is the
payment of interest to be made from the time the
proof was made complete.
Mr. HALE. I ask for the yeas and nays on
this question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BUTLER. As the yeas and nays hare
been ordered, I wish to'be more definite upon this
point. It does not follow, because I agree to pay
interest in this case, that in every case 1 would
give interest from the time the demand was made
upon the Government. It would depend very
much upon the nature of the demand Here is a
case, in my judgment, in which we should strug-
gle to give the most ample compensation. There
may be other cases of the same kind. But when
it is a strict pecuniary transaction, or one depend-
ing upon discretion, I should make a very wide
difference. This is one, to be sure, involving le-
gislative discretion to some extent. 1 am willing
to give interest in this case, but 1 do not pledge
myself to give it in every case. Legislative dis-
cretion is a very different thing from any strict law
principle. You are not bound to adopt any law
principle with regard to interest. Each case should
depend upon its own merits.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 27, nays 13; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Borland, Brodhead, Brooke,
Builer, Charlton, Clarke, De Sau*sure, Dodge of Wiscon-
sin, Downs, Fish, Fitzpalriek, Geyer, James, Jones of
Iowa, Mallory, Manguin, Mason, Miller, Morton, Rusk,
Sebastian, Shields, Soul6,Toucey, Wade, and Weller—27.
NAY3-Messrs. Bradbury, Bright, Chase, Dawson,
Dodge of Iowa, Hale, Hamlin, Norris, Phelps, Seward,
Spfuanee, Sumner, and Underwood—13.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, and was read a third time and
passed.
TEHUANTEPEC GRANT.
Mr. MASON. I move that the Senate take up
the report of the Committee on Foreign Relations
in regard to theTehuantepec grant, with the view
of making it the special order for the first of Feb-
ruary.
Mr. GWIN. I must oppose that motion. We
have several special orders now which should be
disposed of, and if we go on we shall soon have
more than we can get clear of. I am willing to
go with the Senator in taking up that report and
to act on it without making it a special order.
Mr. MASON. The report and the resolution
accompanying it, are upon a matter of great pub-
lic interest. My only object in calling it up now
is to ask the Senate to appoint a day for its con-
sideration, and make it the special order of that
day. I hope the Senator will reconsider his de-
termination to> resist it.
