368
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 21.
Mr. GWIN. I Jo not object to the motion
being considered, but I do object to making this
subject a special order. There are other special
orders before us which I consider of equal import-
ance, and which should have the priority.
Mr. MASON. That question will arise when
the special order comes up.
Mr. GWIN. Well, 1 do not persist in my
objection.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MASON. I now move that the report and
the resolution accompanying it be postponed to,
and made the special order of the day for Tues-
day, the first of February.
The motion was agreed to.
JACOB J. STORER.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, I have been here
nearly six years, and I have never asked the Sen-
ate to take up a private bill since I have been here.
There is a small bill which has passed the House
which I wish the Senate would indulge me in con-
sidering now. It is a bill "for the relief of Jacob
J. Storer,"a young man, a native of my State. I
move to take it up.
The motion was agreed to.
The bill was read a second time, and the Sen-
ate proceeded to its consideration as in Commit-
tee of the Whole.
It proposes to authorize the Secretary of the
Treasury to pay to Jacob J. Storer, late acting
purser of the United States brig Perry, $1,361 82,
being the amount of pay and rations to which a
purser of the Navy would have been entitled while
performing the same duties.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a
third time, and passed.
LEWIS H. BATES AND WILLIAM LACON.
Mr. SEWARD. I ask the Senate to take up
the bill for the relief of Lewis H. Bates and Wil-
liam Lacon, which was postponed the other day.
They were once merchants, great merchants, men
of wealth. One of them lias been reduced, by an
unjust prosecution of the Government of the Uni-
ted States, to want, and is now, while soliciting
this bill, engaged as a day laborer in the rebuild-
ing of the Capitol. The Committee on Commerce
were unanimously of the opinion that he is entitled
to some relief. There is some difference of opin-
ion among us about how much. That will be soon
settled, and the extreme hardship of the case com-
mends itself to the attention, and even to the
humanity, of the Senate.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the bill.
It proposes to direct the proper accounting offi-
cer of the Treasury to audit and allow the claim
of the persons named in the title of the bill, or
either of them, for losses and damages sustained
by them through the proceedings of the custom-
house officers at New York in exacting from them,
upon certain importations of iron into that port,
made between the first of June, 1829, and the first
of January, 1832, higher duties than were required
by law, and in seizing and libeling some of the
goods upon the refusal of the parties to enter the
same as subject to such higher duty, and for cer-
tain costs of court paid by them, and not reim-
bursed. It provides, however, that no other or
greater sum is to be allowed them than will reim-
burse to them certain costs and expenses actually
paid by them, and not repaid to them, in various
Buits touching the importations, and certain sums
paid by them for storing the goods while kept out
of their possession, and will indemnify them for
the damages sustained by the detention of the
money exacted of them by the collector over and
above the duties required by law, allowing for
such detention interest not exceeding the rate of
six per cent, per annum from the time it was paid
by them to the time it was refunded.
At the request of Mr. Bright, the report of the
Committee on Commerce was read, from which it
appears that the parties were dealers in iron in
Connecticut, and about the year 1829 extended
their business by establishing a branch firm in
Liverpool, where they entered largely into the
manufacture of wheel-tire and palisadihg and other
manufacture of iron, for the purpose of importing
into the United States. They were induced to do
this in consequence of the construction universally
given to the then existing laws imposing duties
upon imports, and sanctioned by a construction
given to those laws by the First Comptroller of the
Treasury in two letters to them, to wit: that arti-
cles such as were subsequently imported by them,
were subject to an ad valorem duty of twenty-five
per cent., and not to the duty as upon bar-iron, of
thirty-seven dollars per ton. Upon this construc-
tion—which has since been adopted by the courts
and juries—they imported into New York several
cargoes andinvoices of iron, entered them as man-
ufactures of iron, and gave bond for the duties.
Afterwards, upon furtherimportations, thecustom-
house officers had adopted a new construction of
the law, and insisted that they should be entered
as subject to the specific duty of thirty-seven dol-
lars per ton; and moreover, that for those for which
bonds had already been given, they should make
up the difference of that sum. The parties re-
sisted the demands, and in some cases they were
sued upon the bonds for the additional duty, and
in others they paid the additional sum, but always
under protest. Other invoices, which had been
previously ordered, arrived, and the petitioners
offered to enter them as manufactures of iron,
and refused to enter them otherwise; in conse-
quence of which, seizures were made, and pro-
ceedings instituted for a decree of forfeiture. They
brought an action of trespass against the collector,
and the jury found for them, and the court con-
firmed the decision of the jury. The goods which
remained were then delivered up to the parties,
and the collector refunded to them the additional
duties which he had received.
But their business had been wholly broken up.
They had incurred very great expenses in counsel
fees and other charges of litigation, for which they
ask to b'e indemnified by Congress.. They claim
to be reimbursed, first, for law charges and ex-
penses necessarily incurred and paid by them;
second, for other expenses necessarily incurred in
endeavors to procure the release of their prop-
erty, and not strictly chargeable as law expenses—
such as personal care, time, and attention, and
i traveling expenses, amounting to many thousand
; dollars; third, for expenses incurred for storage of
their goods while detained under seizure; fourth, j
j for losses sustained in the nature of interest from j
the time their money and goods were wrongfully j
detained until they were restored. The committee j
are of opinion that they are entitled to indemnity
under the two last heads, and for costs paid by
I them and not reimbursed, and report a bill accord-
l[ ingly. Favorable reports have been madein 1834,
1836, 18.38, 1840, and 1846, but the final action of
' Congress was never received.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
JOHN M. M'lNTOSH.
The bill for the relief of John M. Mcintosh was
read a second time, and, on motion by Mr. Mor-
ton, the Senate proceeded, as in Committee of
the Whole, to its consideration. It proposes to
require the Secretary of the Treasury to cause to
be paid to John M. Mcintosh $164, that being the
joint amount of two accounts against the Govern-
ment, duly certified to be correct, in favor of John
Cloots and Jacob Hart, of eighty-two dollars each,
said accounts being on duplicate certificates, the
originals having been lost, and considered as can-
celed; provided that Mcintosh shall file a bond,
to be approved by the Secretary of the Treasury,
to indemnify the United States against future lia-
bility for the payment of these accounts.
The bill was reported to the Senate withoul
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
RICHARD W. MEADE.
On motion by Mr. MALLORY, the Senate, as
in Commitiee of the Whole, proceeded to the con-
sideration of the bill for the relief of Richard W.
Meade. It proposes to direct the proper account-
ing officers of the Treasury to pay to Richard W.
Meade, late lieutenant in theUnited States Navy,
$566 20, being the amount of expenses incurred
by him and his clerk for subsistence while under
the orders of the Navy Department, and detained
on shore at San Francisco, from the 15th of July
to the 30th of September, 1849, less the amount
I already received by them for commutation of their
j rations during the same period.
: The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
RECESS.
Mr. MANGUM. I rise for the purpose of
making a motion which I hope will pass nem. con,
that when the Senate adiourns to-day, it be to meet
on Monday next. There are private reasons
which need not be mentioned here, but of which
genttemen are cognizant, why this motion should
prevail?
The motion was agreed to.
GEORGE DENNETT.
The bill for the relief of George Dennett, of
Portsmouth, New Hampshire, was read a second
time; and on motion by Mr. Hamlin, the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to its
consideration.
It proposes to direct the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to pay to George Dennett $75, being in full
for services performed by him in bringing up ar-
rearages of business in the navy office at Ports-
mouth, for a time when there was no navy officer.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
CUSTOM-HOUSE CONTRACTORS.
On motion by Mr. WADE, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, resumed the considera-
tion of House bill for the relief of Charles S. Mat-
thews, Charles Wood, and James Hall.
It proposes to direct the Secretary of theTreas-
ury to pay to the parties named, or to any other
person or persons by them duly authorized to
receive the same, $12,119 47, which shall be in
full satisfaction and discharge of all the claims
which they, or either of them, have upon the Uni-
ted States for, or on account of, damages sus-
tained by them in carrying out their contract to
furnish marble for the basement of the custom-
house lately built in the city of New York.
The pending question was on the amendment
reported from the Committee on Claims, to strike
out of the bill the words, " or to any other person
or persons duly authorized by them to receive the
same."
Mr. BRODHEAD. I presume there can be
no objection to the amendment. It strikes out
that portion of the bill which authorizes any other
person, authorized by the parties, to receive the
amount. If the claim is to be paid at all, the com-
mittee propose to pay it directly to the persons
mentioned in the bill.
But, Mr. President, I hope that the Senate will
not agree to the passage of the bill. This is the
case of Matthews, Wood & Hall, which we had
up the other day, and in regard to which the Sen-
ator from Kentucky [Mr. Underwood] made
such seasonable, sensible, and well-founded objec-
tions. It is a claim against the Government of
the United States for damages for the non-fulfill-
ment of a contract in regard to marble alleged to
have been furnished for the custom-house in New
York, ltrarely happens, Mr. President, that this
Government ought to pay damages for the viola-
tion of a contract. Those who enter into con-
tracts with the Government frequeitly violate
them themselves. This Governmem^ or its offi-
cers, very seldom violates its contract.
When the claimants first presented their appli-
cation to Congress, they alleged that they had
taken the contract too low, that they had lost money
by it, and therefore, they said they had an equi-
table claim upon the Government. Now, if in that,
their first memorial, they told the truth, they are
not entitled to anything. But the claim, as then
presented, was rejected. They then presented a
second memorial, in which they alleged that the
Government officers prevented their proceeding
with their contract; that certain patterns were not
furnished to them, and that, therefore, they could
not proceed. Formerly, they alleged that they
h^d taken the contract too low. That is the real
state of the case. They had taken the contract
too low, as they say, and lost money by it. That
was their fault. We cannot indemnify every per-
son who chooses to enter into a contract with the
Government, and loses money by it. They bid
low. That was their business. If we pass this
bill, we shall encourage every mail contractor, who
happens to lose money by a contract, to come here
ana claim compensation.
When this case was before the Committee on
