THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THK OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
3-n CoxtiRESs, OD SESSION.
MONDAY, JANUARY 24, 1853.
New Series No. 24.
Claims, u looked to me as if it was somewhat
msile up, sail I t"r one could not agree to a favor-
able report. For these reasons, independent of
those so well stated by the honorable Senator from
Kentucky [Mr. Underwood] the other day, I feel
bound to oppose the bill. When he was on the
Committee on Claims, this case presented itself to
his mind in the same manner that it now does to
tnme. 1 hope, therefore, the bill will not pass.
Mr. WADE. I thmk it is due to these parties,
whose cuinn lias been pending before Congress for
a ions; time, that we should now come to a con-
clusion upon it. 1 have no interest in the passage
of the bill, but it was committed to me as a sub-
committee. I endeavored to investigate all the
tacts of the case very carefully, and 1 could come
to no other conclusion than that it was a claim
which the Government couid not and ought not
to fail at this time to pay.
In the first place they presented their claim to
the Treasury Department, and it was taken into
consideration there. The investigation at that
time was ex parte. Witnesses were examined;
depositions were taken; and they made a very
strong case against the Government, and a report
was made in their favor. It is long. The evi-
dence is somewhat prolix. The House of Repre-
sentatives, not beins satisfied with that report, re-
ferred it back to the Department, directing that
evidence should be taken on the part of the Gov-
ernment, and that both parties should receive and
take testimony precisely as they would before a
court. They went on in that way. The Govern-
ment sent two agents of their own, attorneys, to
investigate the case on its part. They proceeded
to New York, and there depositions were taken,
cross-examinations were held, until both parties
were satisfied; indeed the attorneys who were sent
there reported, that all the testimony that could be
found went to strengthen the case of the claimants,
an4 finally reported that they could do 110 better
than give it up—that the further they went the
further they put the Government in. That was
their report. The testimony upon its face sus-
tains the claim of the parties, without any kind of
doubt or question. I do not know that there is
any counter testimony.
Now, the Government having appealed to this
roodeoi trying that issue, and being entirely beaten
and overthrown by it, I do not see how it can
escape wjth honor from paying the claim; for I
cannot believe that Congress put the parties to the
expense of a new trial, with a lurking intention
that if the Government was beaten, on the evi-
dence, they would not pay the claim. The case
was fairly tried. There wax examination and re-
examination of witnesses; and then the Department
making another report in their favor, I hardly see,
after putting the parties to that trouble, how-we
can escape paying the claim unless we can escape
the testimony, and that is not pretended. The
Senator from Pennsylvania, probably, does not
believe the testimony. But that is all one way,
and it shows this state of facts: The claimants
made a contract to furnish stone for the basement
story of the custom-house. It is a good while
since I have looked at it, to be sure, and I cannot
give the details of the contract particularly. But
the main feature of it was, that they were to fur-
nish the stone at a certain price, and within a cer-
tain time. They proceeded with a great force to
perform their contract, and to do that they were
obliged to submit to a very heavy outlay. The
Government, however, was not ready for the
stones when they were ready to deliver them, and
their delivery was postponed some six or eight
weeks. That is an answer to the objection of the
Senator from Kentucky, that they did not perform
the contract within the time specified. Their non-
performance of the contract was occasioned by the
default of the Government in not permitting them
to go on as soon as they should have done by the
contract. The Government, then, has no reason
to complain of them on that account. Then the
superintendent of the building was to furnish them
with draughts and patterns, and everything by
which the stones were to be cut out; for it was a
24
i part and parcel of the contract, and a condition
precedent 111 it, that the Government was to fur-
nish them with the patterns by which to work the
stone, and they could not work them until Govern-
ment did furnish the patterns. The superintend-
ent got into some difficulty, some misunderstand-
ing with the Government, hi consequence of which
he left the work. The evidence shows that the
result of that was the delay of the work again,
necessarily, for some three months. They had to
get a new superintendent to redraught the build-
ing, and the evidence shows that it was three
months before they were able to proceed. In the
mean time the contractors had to keep all their
force on hand, and the effect was that it postponed j
them over another working season, &s the testi-
mony shows.
The report of the Treasury Department, as well
as the testimony, shows that their damages were
nearly double what we propose in the bill to pay.
That is all there is about the case. I say the evi-
dence makes out these points. It is objected,
however, that they did not perform their contract
within the time stipulated; but I have already
slated that that was occasioned by the default of
the Government in not being ready to set them to
work at the time they were ready.
There was another difficulty also. This custom--T
house was to be erected in the city of New York, ;
upon one of the great thoroughfares, so that it was ;
impossible to lumber up the streets with a great
quantity of stones. There was a difficulty about i
that. They could not haul the stones upon the j
ground as fast as they would have wished on that j
account; but they had to regulate it by the rapidity
with which they could be put into the building,
and they were delayed in that way during this
time, otherwise it might be said that they might
have gone on, and carried their stones there. There
was no place to put them about the building. The
streets could not be lumbered up with them; and
thus, according to the testimony, tiiey were de-
layed.
The bill proposes to give them some five or six
thousand dollars less than was reported by the
Treasury Department in their favor. I think the
evidence commits the Government so that they
cannot with honor, at all events, escape from pay-
ing the claim. As I said before, the Government
appealed to this mode of trial, and put the parties
to the expense of a reinvestigation; and having
been entirely defeated upon that issue, 1 do not see
how they can escape from it.
The amendment was agreed to, and the bill was
I reported to the Senate as amended, and the amend-
ment was concurred in.
Mr. BRODHEAD. 1 hope the bill will not
pass. 1 call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. NORRIS. As this bill was once before the
Committee on Claims, when I was a member of
that committee, and as I investigated it and came
to a different conclusion from that of the Senators
from Pennsylvania and Kentucky,.I feel that it is
a duty which I owe to myself and to these appli-
cants to state the grounds of the conclusion to
which I came. In order to justify that conclusion,
it is merely necessary to state the history of this
transaction as it occurred.
It appears that a contract was entered into with
these parties, I think in 1834, for the marble for
the basement of the custom-house in the city of
New York. By the contract these applicants were
to furnish the stone, one half by the 10th of June,
1835^and the other half by the 10th of December,
of the same year, upon the site of the custom-
house. Before we go further in the history of the
claim, however, it is necessary to take into con-
sideration certain points in the case which are
proved; and I will say that the proof all comes from
the Government officers themselves. It nearly all
comes from the superintendent and the architect.
It appears that the site of the custom-house was
surrounded by business streets, ant] there could be
but a little quantity of stone hauled there until it
| was placed in the building. That is one thing !
| which is proved clearly and distinctly. There is
another thing proved; namely, that the Govern-
ment was to furnish these contractors with the
modes and forms by which they should cut and
form the marble, in order to put it into the build-
ing.
Thus the matter went on between the Govern-
ment and the contractors up to some time in the
month of May, 1835—the 22d of the month, I
think. The testimony is, that up to that time the
marble was furnished by the contractors as fast
as was necessary. At that time there was a misun-
derstanding between the superintendent, Thomp-
son, and the Government, and he left the work,
taking with him all the models and the plans of
the building. On account of that, the Govern-
ment had to stop operations, and the contractors
were prevented from furnishing the stone. In con-
sequence of the resignation of Thompson, who
had taken away all the models and the plan for
the structure of the building, the Government offi-
cers could not go on until new plans, and new
models, and new forms were framed, and a new
superintendent was appointed. It took nearly
four months before the Government was ready to
receive another stone from the contractors. They
were thrown out of employment from the month of
May to the month of September, with their hands
and their teams standing idle, until the Govern-
ment was able to start again. They had to wait
until new plans, and new forms were furnished by
which they were to cut the stone. These con-
tractors did not complain of that at the time, but
when the Government got ready in September,
they went on; and, as the evidence of the super-
intendent and the architect shows, they furnished
the stone at all times, whenever the Government
wanted it.
The evidence further is, that if they had not
been stopped in May, the contractors would have
been a We to furnish the whole of the stone during
the summer of 1835. This is the evidence of the
officers of the Government themselves. This is the
evidence of the superintendent and the architect,
that they would have performed the contract in full
if the Government had been ready to receive the
stone according to the contract. But by reason
of this delay they were thrown over into the winter
of 1835 and 1836, and they had to complete their
work in the spring of 1836. They were compelled,
to he on their oars during the whole winter, for
they could not perform this work in winter time.
It is in evidence from these very officers of the
Government that the contractors furnished stone
faster than it was used; that they blocked up the
streets, and the officers had to send them word
not to bring in stone so fast. These contractors
accommodated the Government in the whole mat-
ter.
And now I put it to the Senate upon these facts
—and I have stated nothing but what is contained
in the report—if this is not a just and equitable
claim ? " No" says the Senator from Pennsylva-
nia. And why ? Because he says they come
here and base their claim upon a different ground
than they did at first. Is not that Senator a law-
yer ? Did he never have lo amend a specification
or a declaration in order to meet his case? Did
his clients always have a sufficient knowledge of
law to point him directly how he should frame the
narrative or the declaration, that he should never
even make an amendment, and ask the favor of
the court to allow it ? These men are plain con-
tractors; they are workmen; they are stone-cut-
ters; they came here at first and stated that they
had taken the contract too low, and had lost money
by it. It is true they did take it too low and did
lose money by it; but that was in consequence of
the manner in which the contract was performed
on the part of the Government; and if the Gov-
ernment had been ready at oil times to receive the
stone as fast as it could be delivered, and if there
had been no suspension of the work, the contract-
ors would not have been losers. But they did
lose money, and the contract was too low, in con-
sequence of the manner in which the Government
treated them. I think the objection amounts to
but very little. Because a man mistakes the na-
