1853.
COMPRESSION A L GLOBE.
371
very points of inquiry which the gentleman has I i
suggested; that is, whether their teams and hands j
could find employment in the city of New York
at the time. The testimony negajived entirely
that idea Then, as to the damages, there is the
fact that the delay of the Government postponed
these men over the winter, when, as the proofis,
bo business of this sort could becarried on. They
were obliged to keep all these preparations on
hand during the winter, during which the testi-
mony is very clear that the work could not be per- I
formed. The evidence shows that the stone could j
not be hauled in winter time, nor at any time ex- ,
cept when the roads were favorable.
If the gentleman will refer to the testimony, he j
will find that the question was distinctly put in 1
the testimony, whether they could not have dis- ,
missed all the hands in their employ, and resume
agpin in the spring; but the testimony was very
clear upon the subject, that if they had done so they
would not have been in a condition to have per-
formed their contract if they had been called upon
to do so. They could not have done it without
making themselves liable for damages from the
Government when they wanted to resume the
work.
I hope the bill will be passed; at any rate, I think
there is no good reason for postponing it.
Mr. NORRIS. I hope the Senate will not con-
sent to the postponement of this bill again. If I
reco'lect aright, the Senator from Kentucky, some
two or three weeks ago, made a long speech upon
this question, and then, being-in the same condi-
tion in which he says he is now, he asked the Sen-
ate to postpone it, that he might have an oppor ,
tunity of investigating it. The Senate did post-
pone it to accommodate the Senator from Ken-
tucky. It has come up for consideration to-day;
it has occupied a long while, and now he asks that
it may again be postponed.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Will the gentleman
allow me to correct him ? He is entirely mistaken
about the matter. I did not ask the Senate, on the
occasion to which he refers, to postpon* the bill
that I might examine it; but I stated my impres-
sions, and suggested that it ought to be postponed
to allow the chairman of the Committee on Claims
[Mr. Brodhead] to investigate it. I made no
promise to investigate the subject. I did at the
time, however, look at the report, and I showed
it, holding in my hand a bundle of papers accom-
panying it, to the Senate.
Mr. NORRIS. I knew, at all events, that the
Senator from Kentucky had suggested the post-
ponement, and my impression was that it was
for his own benefit. He spoke about the employ-
ment of the teams. Let me-say to him that they
were employed fifteen miles •from the city of New
York, for thestonecame from that distance. They
were not kept in the city of New York.
Mr. JAMES. I have looked carefully into the
report upon this case, and if the facts stated in it
are true—and I have no doubt that they are—pthis
bill ought to pass. Persons who are practirally
acquainted with building must know that dimen-
sioned stone for a building like the New York
custom-house must be cut with care.. Every piece
of stone is marked and figured, and for each stone
a pattern must go. The contractors cannot cut
stone any faster than they receive the patterns, or
if they do, it may remain on their hands and be
lost. Gentlemen acquainted with the subject must
also know that the teams must be arranged and
prepared on purpose to carry heavy blocks, and
the carriages must be prepared for that particular
purpose. Neither carriage nor teams can be used
for any other purpose, except one of a similar
character.
I hope that this bill will pass for another reason.
The honorable Senator from Pennsylvania admits
that the contract was taken too low. If it ever
shall be presented to me on this floor as a fact,
that the mechanic, the hard-working man, the
man who has done the work with his own hands*
has taken a contract to do work too low, and that
he has actually lost money, and that the Govern-
ment has received full consideration, I am ready
to pay for it; and I hope that the bill for the relief
■ of these men, who are workingmen and mechan-
ics, will pass.
Mr. WADE. The gentleman from- Kentucky
said this was a House bill, and therefore it might
be passed at any moment; but he -must recollect
that there has been an*amendment made in it which
will endanger it in the House if we shall post-
pone it.
The motion to postpone was not agreed to.
Mr. BRODHEAD. If this bill is to pass, I
think the amount provided for the losses of these
contractors for the short time for which their teams ;
were out of employ is too large. I move, therefore,
to strike out " $12,000" and insert " $6,000."
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bright in
the chair.) The bill is on its passage, and it is
too late to amend it.
Mr. WALKER. Is this a House or a Senate
bill ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is a House
bill.
Mr. WALKER. When was it ordered to a
! third reading?
! The PRESIDING OFFICER. To-day.
I Mr. WALKER. It seems to me that the last
question taken on it, previous to the one taken on
the motion to postpone, was the vote after coming
into the Senate from Committee of the Whole,
upon concurring in the amendment. The amend-
ment was concurred in, and the question then was
upon engrossing the amendment and ordering the
bill to a third reading, and that question has never 1
been put.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment was Concurred in, it was ordered to be en-
grossed, and the bill was ordered to be read a
third time. It has been read a third time, and the
question now is on its passage.
Mr. WALKER. I certainly never heard the
question put upon the third reading of the bill.
The question being, taken by yeas and nays
| upon the passage of the bill, resulted—yeas 35,
nays 8; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Bradbury, Bright, Brooke,
Charlton, Chase, Clarke, Cooper, Davis, De Saussure, !
i Dixon, Dodge of Iowa, Fish, Gwin, Hamlin, Houston, j
James, Jones of lows, Mallory<Mangum, Miller, Morton, !
i Norrts, Pearce, Pettit, Phelps, Rusk, Sebastian, Seward,
Smith, Spruance, Sumner, Toucey, Wade, and Weller—
53.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Borland, Brodhead, Dawson,
Geyer, Hunter, lones of Tennessee, and Underwood—8.
So the bill was passed.
REBECCA J. BIRDSALL.
Mr. RUSK. I move to take up thejoint res-
olution " for the relief of Rebecca J. Birdsall."
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. PEARCE. I move that the prior orders
of the day be dispensed with, for the purpose of
proceeding to the consideration of Executive busi-
ness.
Mr. RUSK. I object to that motion. This
joint resolution was taken up by a vote of the Sen-
ate, and I hope weshall continue on with its con-
sideration, and pass it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bright
in the Chair.) The bill is before the Senate, but
the Senator from Maryland has a right to make a
motion to postpone it.
Mr. RUSK. But he cannot make a motion to
go into Executive session while this joint resolu-
tion is pending.
Mr. PEARCE. I have not made that motion;
but I have moved to postpone thejoint resolution
for that purpose. I will ask the Senator's consent
to allow me to submit the motfion.
Mr. RUSK. I hope the honorable Senator will
wait until we Bhall have disposed of this joint
resolution.
Mr. PEARGE. I will waive the motion for the
present.
The joint resolution was read a second time,
and considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to direct the Postmaster General to
| cause to-be paid to Rebecca J. Birdsall, widow of
Ira Birdsall, deceased, late a mail agent of the
United States, the balance of pay for the current
year to which her husband would have been en-
titled if he had livedo
Mr. WELLER. If there be any report accom-
panying the bill, 1 desire to have it read, and the
longer it is the better.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is no
report.
Mr. WELLER.
explanation of the case.
Mr. RUSK.
Then I would like to hear an
ise.
I will state the •ircumstances of
the case briefly. Mr. Birdsall was a mail agent of
the United States, and as such was deputed to
perform very important mail service. He was
sent down to Panama because of his great capa-
city, for the purpose of performing a very labo-
rious duty. The revenues of the Departmeat had
greatly suffered from the manner in which busi-
ness had been there conducted. The expenses for
the transit of the mail across the Isthmus of
Panama were largely increased. The mail to and
from California had been delayed very frequently
in its transit across that Isthmus. Mr. Birdsall
was sent there as a special agent to attend to the
matter. He transacted his business faithfully, and
on his return he was ordered into an unfortunate
vessel upon which the cholera broke out, and sh e
went into Pensacola. He there died. He died
in the service, in the performance of his duty, and
this is merely to give the balance of his year's pay
to his widow.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate,
without amendment, ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, read a third time, and passed.
! EXECUTIVE BUSINESS.  
Mr. PEARCE. I now move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Executive busi-
ness.
Mr. GWIN. I hope the Senator will withdraw
the motion for a moment, to allow me to ask leave
to introduce a bill.
M. PEARCE. The Senator will excuse me,
but I must insist upon my motion.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. President, I can-
not feel otherwise than very much indebted to the
Senate for the courtesy extended to me yesterday.
When I found them in Executive session, they
were so courteous as to postpone the matter then
Under consideration until to-day. I am not now
aware of the object of the gentleman from Mary-
land in moving an Executive session; but coming
from that quarter, I take it for granted that I ought
to be at no loss to divine the object of the motion,
j If I am not mistaken, and if the object be what I
| apprehend it is—perhaps it is not proper for me
here to speak of it—I would say that the slight
courtesy which was extended to me from yester-
day till to-day is worth literally nothing. Mat-
ters may be the subject of discussion in Executive
session in which I feel a deep interest; they may
be matters deeply affecting the people whom I have
the honor to represent. Now, I ask the Senate
to consider the peculiar situation of my State.
My honorable colleague [Mr. Clemens] I have
1 not had the pleasure of seeing since I reached this
city. He has been detained at his lodgings, as we
i all know, for a length of time, by sickness. The
distinguished gentleman whose place I now occu-
py, [Mr. King,] during the period of his service
this session, has been in a condition to take no
interest in the deliberations of this body; and
although delay may seem apparent on the part of
i my State, I can assure the Senate that I have lost
; no time in finding my way from there to this body,
! for the purpose of expressing their views upon the
matter which I presume is to- be affected by the
motion of the Senator from Maryland.
Then I appeal to the indulgence Of the Senate,
in a matter of such momentous importance, affect-
ing so deeply the interests of the section of coun-
try in which I live. Are we to be driven headlong
into an investigation of that subject? I ask if the
representatives of that State are not to be allowed
j the usual time to prepare themselves to meet that
! question? Woulo from four o'clock yesterday
j till two o'clock to-day, be a sufficient time to ena-
I ble a man to do himself jijgtice, after he has been
i tossed and tumbled about in stage-coaches and upon
the sea-coast, and whose health, to say the least
of it, is not in a good condition? I do not see,
now, upon this floor, other gentlemen whose con-
stituents have a common interest with the people
I represent upon the subject; but speaking for
myself, and appealing to the acknowleSged liber-
ality of this body, I trust that they will allow a
reasonable time to intervene, and not force me into
1 a premature discussion of questions which I feel
perfectly assured are to engage the deliberations
I of the Senate whenever they shall proceed to the
consideration of Executive business. Has the
{ State I represent so small an interest in that mat-
i ter, in the estimation of this body, that but a mo-
! ment is to be allowed to a Senator who has been
j rocked and tossed on stages, and on the coast, and
' whose lungs; are scarcely in such a condition aB to
allow him to give utterance to his thoughts? Are
' questions of momentous importance to his ebn-
I stituents to be taken up, and is he to be driven
