1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
373
ranyement with the Government. Now, sir, I hold
in my liaml copies of executions, taken from the
rer. ids othe courts at Louisville, Kentucky,
vh.ch show that at the time Mr. Myerle entered
in;o this arrangement with Mr. Paulding, so far
from beinj the man of fortune which he is repre-
sented, ami so far from his private affairs having:
be*>n ruined in consequence of that connection, he
at that time was proof against an execution. His
arrangement was entered into the last of the year
183H, or the first of 1840.
Now, remembering that date, I refer the House
to an execution, a copy of which I hold in my
hand, issued in the month of October, 1839, and
returned during the same month, for {.250. It
was issued from the courts in Louisville, Ken-
tucky, and levied upon the right, title, and interest
of Mr. Myerle in various articles of property, and
among others this factory, which has been proved
to be worth $38,400, ana his interest in that fac-
tory was sold for ten dollars. Here is the return
upon the execution. His interest in the other
property levied upon brought an amount making
the whole together, according to the returns, sixty-
six dollars; and that is the return upon the exe-
cution m the month of October, 1839.
Now, sir, I submit to the House, and I am
obliged to do it, that this is not an honest claim,
without some other explanation of it beyond what
I have seen. Was it honest for a man to come
to Congress, and represent that he was a man of
fortune, and that he owned a manufacturing es-
tablishment worth §38,400, which he was com-
pelled to abandon in consequence of his connection
with the Government, and that he became thereby
bankrupt and ruined m his pecuniary affairs, when
proofs are developed subsequently which show that
at the time he declared himself so ruined execu-
tions h id issued against him which were levied
upon this very propeity, and his interest therein
sold for the sum often dollars?
The contract was made, according to the state-
ment of Mr. Myerle, the last of 1839, or the first
of 1?40. This execution was issued in October,
1839, certainly before he had time to be ruined in
consequence of any connection with the Govern-
ment.
Now, sir, the Committee on Naval Affairs, on
the ex parte statement of the claimant, reported
that the expense of all these experiments, which
were very heavy, were borne by Mr. Myerle him-
self. On page four, they report that at the time
this hemp was rejected, his private affairs had
become very much deranged.
On page five they report: i
'• Tlmt the consequences of the rejection of the hemp
w.m nw-t disastrous to Ihe memorialist, causing a total
destruction of !h< credit, a depreciation of all ttie benefits
intended by the extension of [lis contract, which it is be-
lieved would have been highly profitable, and the sacrifice
of all his property, alleged and believed from the evidence
lo he from thirty to forty-odd thousand dollars, leaving Inni
largely m debt and a bankrupt."
That report was made to the House upon the
statements of Mr. Myerle, and upon loose gene-
ral declarationscontained in these papers. Against
them I place the authenticated records of the
country.
But, Mr. Speaker, as I only want to give the
prominent points in this case, I hasten on to the
question naturally raised, how did Mr. Myerle
obtain the means to make these experiments, to
purchase this hemp? Where did he get the funds?
The Government did not give them to him, and
he did not have them.
In response to that, sir, I state to the House
that when he had thus made the arrangement with
Mr. Paulding—whether by his solicitation or by
that of.Mr. P. is perfectly immaterial—he went out
to Kentucky, and entered into a contract, as it
appears, with two gentlemen in my district, by
which they were to furnish the funds to purchase
the hemp, to water-rot it, and prepare it for mar-
ket. The hemp was to be held in their names,
because he could not hold it in his own name, for
his creditors would have seized it. 11 was to be car-
ried to Boston, and there offered to the Government.
They did, under that arrangement, furnish the
funds. They did, under that arrangement, pay
the expenses, both of preparing the hemp and of
sending it to Boston or Charlestown. It was re-
jected.
I hold, sir, in my hand an account which has
been sent to me. I know nothing of the account
except so far as it is sustained by the vouchers.
The account is between Mr. Myerle and the gen- [
tlemen to whom I have referred, running from 1
August, 1840, the time when he came to my dis-
trict and entered into the arrangement, until 1642,
when the whole concern blew up. That account
consists of items for the purchase of hemp, for the
payment of hands for water-rottmg it, for freight
upon it to New England, and, I wdl add, for nu-
merous personal and private expenses of Mr.
Myerle himself. Bringing the account down to
1842, it amounts to about $19,000, which, with
simple interest thereon, up to this period, would
leave him, according to the account, in debt to
these two gentlemen to the amount of $30,000.
Now, this account is sustained by the vouchers.
I have them here, but they cannot be read to the
House. They consist of letters from Mr. Myerle
and his agents asking for funds, receipts from him
covering, 1 believe, almost, if not every item in
this account, putting it beyond the possibility of
a doubt that the funds were furnished by these
gentlemen.
Mr. FLORENCE, (interrupting.) The gen-
tleman says that the vouchers prove that iVIr.
Myerle would be indebted to Montmullen & Corn-
wall $30,000. Now, the gentleman did not say
how much the hemp was sold for.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I will come to that
point in a moment.
Mr. FLORENCE. I thought it proper to have
a statement of that fact just in this connection.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I would not omit so
important a matter as that, and I will come to it
directly.
I say that the items of this account, most of
which, if not all, are sustained by vouchers here,
bring Mr. Myerle in debt to those gentlemen to
that extent; and I assert it not for the purpose of
making any claim for them, for their claim will
never come before Congress, but I do it for the
purpose of showing the true nature of the business.
But it was urged by my friend from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Florence,] in an elaborate speech he
made at the last session upon this claim, that the
hemp which was prepared and delivered at Charles-
town, and rejected by the Government agents, was
seized by these gentlemen in violation of the con-
tract, and converted into bale rope, whereby Mr.
Myerle sustained great losses. Now, sir, there
could have been no violation of the contract, be-
cause the contract provided that the hemp should
; be shipped in their own names, and in addition to
that Mr. Myerle could not have held the hemp in
j his own name, and the arrangement was a just (
one to him, because, otherwise it could have been j
1 seized by his creditors, as I have before stated.
| They held the hemp, as they were obliged to do.
Mr. Myerle represented that it would be ac-
cepted by the Government. They had incurred
the expense of taking it to Charlestown, in their
own names, and the hemp was rejected. What
had they then to do ? Mr. Myerle was a bank-
rupt, and the Government had refused to take the
hemp. What could they do but make the best of
the hemp ? They converted it into bale rope; they
took it to New Orleans; and we have the testimony
of Mr. Myerle himself, in these papers, that it
was held there several years on account of the
unfounded prejudice against it, in consequence of
the color, and then it was sold at a heavy loss." I
may add here, if they violated the contract, and
Myerle sustained damages thereby, why did he
not sue them? They were, and have ever been,
entirely responsible.
Mr. Myerle, in this account, is credited with the
proceeds of that hemp to the amount of $8,000.
Any gentleman—and my friend from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Florence]—is at liberty to look at the ac-
count. There still remains an indebtedness of
about'$30,000.
| Mr. McLANAHAN. I wish to ask the gen-
tleman from Kentucky when that account was
tflken^
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. This account com-
mences in the month of August, 1840, and it is
brought down to some period in 1842.
Mr. McLANAHAN. I have in my possession
two letters, stating the amount of indebtedness in
1846 was about $1,000.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Will the gentleman
be eood enough to show me the letters ?
Mr. McLANAHAN 1 will send both the let-
ters to the Clerk to be read.
One of the letters from Montmullen to Myerle
says, that a thousand dollars were due to him,
(Montmullen,) and the other makes a proposition
that they will unite their forces, for the purpose of
obtaining from this Government the sum of
$30,000, and divide that between them, and then
subsequently make another effort to obtain money
from the Government, and to divide that. I ask
for the reading of the letters.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I hope they will be
read.
The letters were then read, as follows:
Lexington, .tfprif 98,1846.
Dear Sir : A few months ago, about thirty warrants, and
some half a dozen suits, were instituted against myself and
J. Cornwall, in the Woodford court, by individuals, as
alleged by them, for labor executed for Ihe water-rotting of
hemp. I have been informed from various sources that,
these accounts were gotten up by E. Terrill, for Ihe purpose
of making more money out of M. & C. I write to inquirn
if you ever knew of William Hart and E. Terrill having
sold a part of said hemp, which I learn they did, after you
loll Lexington ? and I also wish to inquire whether you were
not in our debt for advances made, say for athousand dollars
and upwards at the time? My lawyer, Major Woolley,
says it is necessary for as to take your deposition in these
cases, so as to refute the testimony which Terrill and Hart
wish to produce. We have been at very great expense and
trouble in defending these suits ; besides your character, as
well as ours, has suffered not a little. Your earliest an-
swer to my inquiries will much oblige, your obedient
servant, F. MONTMULLEN.
Mr. D. Myerle.
The statute of limitation will expire in three weeks ; and
unless I receive your answer in time, any effort hereafter
will be too late.
Mr. McLANAHAN. The date of that letter
is in 1846; and I wish merely to ask the gentle-
man from Kentucky, who can possibly explain it,
how comes it that in 1846 these parties, claiming
the whole of this remuneration, should ask Mr.
Myerle that he should admit that he owed them
about $1,000, for the purpose of barring the stat-
ute of limitation, when they now set up a claim
for the whole sum of $30,000 ? Let the other let-
ter be read.
It was read as follows:
Washington City, JiprilST, 1848.
Dear Sir: As the time has now come that further ar-
rangements in our matter will be of no avail, I now make
the last and final proposition, that we divide equally the
appropriation, and that we will act in concert for the future,
Willi a view of obtaining a further sum from Government,
which we will again divide, should we be successful.
Yours, respectfully, F. MONTMULLEN.
Mr. D. Myerle.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. In regard to the prop-
osition in one of the letters, to apply to Congress
jointly for relief, I have understood that some
negotiation had taken place between Mr. Myerle
and those gentlemen, but that they could not agree.
In regard to the letter which was first read by the
Clerk, dated in 1846, in which Mr. Montmullen
wrote to Mr. Myerle that they have been sued
upon tUis contract, and desired him to admit that
there was a balance of $1,000 
Mr. McLANAHAN, (interrupting.) A thou-
sand dollars in lf46, and that at a period of time
when the statute of limitation was about to cut off
their whole claim. Subsequently, in 1848, they
make a proposition to divide the spoils, whatever
they may be.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I will eive to the
remarks a perfectly candid answer. That letter I
never saw. That letter I never heard of, and I
am not prepared to explain it, as connected with
this account, except in two ways. First, here is
I an account made out by these gentlemen, and sus-
tained by vouchers—and I will only say in refer-
ence to them that they are gentlemen of great
respectabilit y and character in my region of country
 an(J jt is very astonishing that there should have
i been a balance of only a thousand dollars due to
them in 1846, when it is admitted all around that
| they furnished all the funds with which these ex-
periments were made, and that Myerle had no
funds then or since. Again, the letter of Mr.
Montmullen—if I understand it—refers only to the
time when Myerle left Lexington, and not to the
1 state of their accounts on final settlement.
Mr. HALL. If it be true that Montmullen &
Cornwall incurred all the expense in the purchase
of the hemp, and in performing the contract, and
that David Myerle's indebtedness to them was
oniy $1,000, how much ought we now to pay
him ? , .
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I will come to that
directly. Let me call the attention of the House
for one moment to a point which, if answered,
will overcome a strong objection in my mind. Mr.
