S74
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 21,
"Uyeile r.iiiiiitrf. m a pmihiation entitled his Evi-
dence nml tii.it he (lid go to Lexing-
ton in 1^40, mid made nn an.uigement with these
gentlemen <° furnish tue funds to get the hemp to
currv oil these experiments. He declares that he
expended about>.1,000 ill cash, of his own funds,
and 110 more. That is the declaration on the part
of Mr. Myerle. Then, whatever money was ex-
pended for this hemp rejected by the Government,
was undoubtedly expended by these men. When
the hemp was rejected, it went into their hands,
where it proper1}' belonged. And if there was only
$.1,000 due in 134G, it was because they had reim-
bursed themselves by the proceeds of the sale of
that hemp to within $1,000. The proceeds went
where they outfit to have gone, to reimburse those
who sustained the original loss. If that be true,
the bill, instead of £,30,000, ought to be cut down
to $1,000; because it appears from page seven of
their report that Mr. Myerle waives all claim for
remuneration for his services, or that "generous
reward promised by the Secretary of the Navy in
case of success." He will be content, as appears
from his memorial, with indemnity against the
actual loss he has sustained. The actual loss, ac-
cording to their own showing, will be cut down
from $30,000 to t;l,000.
Mr. SACKETT. With the permission of the
gentleman, I will say one word on the subject of
that letter. It does not pretend to say that they
find the account between the parties to be $1,000.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I heard the letter
very indistinctly.
Cir. SACKETT. It only covers a certain pe-
riod. It reads as follows:
" I write to inquire if you ever knew of William Hart and
E. Terrill having -"!11 a part of said hemp, which X learn
they dul after you 1 • ■ I t Lexington ; and I also wish to inquire
whether vou were not in our debt for advances made, gay
for .§1,000 and upwards, at the time."
At the particular time heleft Kentucky. It does
not purport to be a letter stating the final indebt-
edness to either party.
Mr. FLORENCE. The gentleman from Ken-
tuckyreferred to thecontract madehyMr. Myerle,
and urged that Montmullen & Cornwall had pos-
session of tlie hemp, because Mr. Myerle could
not hold it for fear of his creditors. A paragraph
of the contract reads as follows:
" David Myerle agrees to pay M. & C. eight dollars per
ton for bailing and shipping the hemp.
■ " He also agrees that the hemp shall be shipped to BOme
responsible house in Boston, in which both parties shall
agree, on whose business it shall be to take up all bills drawn
on account of it, after which said firm in Boston shall de- 1
liver the hemp, or proccr ds of the sale of it, to said Myerle. <
"DAVID MYERLE. j
"MONTMULLEN & CORNWALL. ,
"Attest: Wm. Cornwall."
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. It is true that the
contract says it shall be shipped there in their
names. Well, it was shipped there in their names,
and it was rejected by the Government. The hills
drawn upon it had to be paid by these men. What
remained for them, according to all reasonable pro-
ceedings in business transactions, but to make it
available, as far as they could, to meet these bills? i
I will sum up the case, as 1 understand it, in a !
few words. Mr. Myerle made no legal contract
<*ith the Secretary of the Navy, butmn equitable
arrangement to test the practicability of procuring
for the use of the Navy American water-rotted
hemp, being, contrary to his own declarations but
as proved by the papers, a bankrupt at the time.
He went to Kentucky, and obtained of gentlemen
there the funds to carry on these experiments.
The hemp when offered was rejected. Those gen-
tlemen, it falling upon their hands, reimbursed
themselves as well as they could, but left a large
balance due from Mr. Myerle. No actual loss
was sustained by him, so far as the papers or proof
show.
Several years afterwards he applied to Congress
for relief; but when he applied to Congress for re-
lief, I regret to say that he undertook to maintain
a state of fact in regard to his own condition, in
consequence of his connection with the Govern-
ment, disproved by the evidence I have produced
hereto-day. Therecan be no doubtatall, sir,but
that Mr. Myerle was without funds when he went
there. There can be no doubt but that the funds
were furnished by the gentlemen I have before
named, and that the loss fell upon them. There :
can be no doubt that the actual loss Mr. Myerle
then sustained, for which he now asks indemnity, !
was nothing, or justaboutnothing. Now, it does |
seem to me, that to pass this bill under these cir-
cumstances, would be to otter a bounty to untrue
representations made to Congress as the basis of
a claim. And 1 beg any gentleman who may fol-
low me, to explain and reconcile, if possible, the
statements of that synopsis, with the proof fur-
nished by these executions. To pass tins bill, I
say ,undertliese circumstances, would be the giving
of a bounty to a false aspect of questions to Con-
gress, and the taking of §30,000 out of the Treas-
ury to reimburse Mr. Myerle for losses sustained
by other people. I disclaim again the least per-
sonal feeling in the matter. There is some feeling
in my region of country, where this case, ( be-
lieve, is pretty well understood. I disclaim, also,
the least imputation either upon the ability or fair-
ness of the Committee on Naval Affairs. As I
have already remarked, if I had been a member of
that committee, upon that paper 1 would, proba-
bly, have reported that bill.
One other remark personal to myself, and I will
have done. Mr. Paulding has figured largely in
this case since it was first presented to Congress. I
have had occasion, I believe, to allude to that gen-
tleman only once or twice, and then in very re-
spectful terms. A letter was received in this city
a few days ago from Mr. Paulding, which has
been laid upon the tables of members with a view
to promote this claim. But the whole of that let-
ter is not printed. Members will perceive that a
part of it has been suppressed.
A Member. What is its date?
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. January 4th, 1853.
I have learned from several sources that in the lat-
ter part of that letter, Mr. Paulding has chosen to
insinuate that I have been governed by selfish
considerations—perhaps by pecuniary considera-
tions—in this matter. To what extent that letter
may have been shown to members of Congress,
I I am not prepared to say. I deem it hardly ne-
cessary to deny indignantly this atrocious impu-
, tation, and to say that I trample it beneath my feet
with unspeakable contempt.
Mr. SWEETSER. I desire information upon
■ this subject; and I would inquire of the gentleman
| whether the sale to which he adverted was not
' made subject to a mortgage put upon the property
in order to raise the means to carry on the enter-
1 prise Mr. Myerle had engaged in ?
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. By the arrangement i
between Mr. Myerle and these gentlemen in Ken-
l tacky, they were to have a lien upon this hemp !
1 for the purpose of reimbursing themselves. i
Mr. SWEETSER. That is not the question. '
I refer to the sale of the factory; and I ask the gen-
tleman whether that was not incumbered by a I
! mortgage, which had been given in order to raise ,
money to carry on this enterprise?
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. It does not appear
that it had been incumbered by mortgage. Still
less does it appear that that money was given to
carry on this enterprise; for when Myerle went
into the enterprise he was without funds, and, as
he himself says, he got the funds from my con-
stituents.
Mr. MACE obtained the floor.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I have not called for
the previous question, because I supposed that
either the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Bocock]
or the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Flor-
ence] might desire to say something.
Mr. BOCOCK. I desire to have the official an-
nouncement of the Chair whether I am not entitled,
under the rule of this House, as the reporter of
this bill, to one hour to close this debate?
The SPEAKER. The rule is express that the
reporter of a measure has the right to open and
close the debate thereon.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I inquire whether
the gentleman did not occupy his hour in debate
on this bill in the Committee of the Whole?
Mr. BOCOCK. I did under a different rule.
There are two separate rules, as my friend from
Tennessee well knows, and the Speaker of this
House has no opportunity to know what occurs
in the committee. He acts under the rules which
regulate the proceedings of the House, and he
has nothing to do with what is done in the com-
mittee.
Mr. JONES. The balance of the members
know what was done there. The gentleman, in
my opinion, gives a new construction to the rule.
The SPEAKER. The rule is as follows:
"34. No member shall occupy more than one hour In de-
bate on any question in the House or in committee; but a
ini'iiibt'r reporting tin* niea.-ute under <'(>ii-id"ia:"in 'Ynni a
committee nmy o(>cn and close the delnte : PiurtScd. That
where debate is closed bv order of tin1 Him.f, any im-tuber
shall be allowed, in committee, five minutes to explain any
aint'iiujiieut he may otier," See.
Mr. JONES. I think that it was the chairman
of a Committee of the Whole House w ho report-
ed the bill to the House. The gentleman lYom
Virginia [Mr. Bocock] in the fiist instance re-
ported the bill from the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, and it was then referred to a Committee of
the Whole House. After consideration there, it
was reported back to the House by the chairman
of the Committee of the Whole House.
Mr. BOCOCK. I did not quite understand the
, remark of my friend from Tennessee.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee assumes that the chairman of a Commit-
tee of the Whole House last reported the bill,
and that to him would attach the right to close the
debate. The Chair thinks that that has not been
the practice in this body. It has uniformly been
the practice to allow the member who originally
reported the bill from the standing committee to
open and close the dehate upon it.
Mr. BOCOCK. Though my friend from Ten-
i nessee, [Mr. Jones,] in pursuance of that spirit
of economy of time as well as of money which
always characterizes him, rises and seems to show
a desire to cut me off from the opportunity to re-
ply to the remarks of the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Breckinridge,] I beg leave to state,
in vindication of his character for liberality and
justice from any such suspicion as that, that I
. would be willing to throw myself upon his liber-
ality this day, if that rule were not there, because
I know that he would not permit any claim to be
voted on that had been opposed by the gentleman
from Kentucky, without some opportunity on the
part of its friends for reply.
Mr. JONES. The gentleman from Virginia
has had one hour on this bill under that rule, and
I am constrained to object now, however pleased
I should be to sit here and listen the balance of the
day to a vindication of the report he submitted on
j this case. The objection 1 make is not to cut, him
i off, but to prevent the establishing of a precedent
I think wrong in itself, and which will consume
much of the time of the House, contrary to the
true spirit and meaning of the rule.
Mr. MACE. I move that the bill be laid upon
the table; and upon that motion I call for the yeas
1 and nays.
! Mr. BOCOCK. I hope that motion will not
be agreed to, inasmuch as the friends of this bill
have not had an opportunity to reply to the re-
marks of the gentleman from Kentucky.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MILLSON. I have heard several speeches
against the bill, and I desire to hear the reply of
my colleague. I ask the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Mace] to withdraw his motion to lay the bill
upon the table, and then let the demand for the
previous question be withdrawn, to avoid what
the gentleman from Tennessee supposes may be
a bad precedent, if my colleague should be allowed
to speak after it is sustained. No doubt my col-
league will renew the demand for the previous
question after he shall have concluded his reply.
I Mr. BOCOCK. I desire further to say, in con-
nection with the remark of my colleague, that I
sat here and listened to the remarks of the gentle-
man from Kentucky, [Mr. Breckinridge,] made
no interruption during his speech, and made no
suggestions of any kind. Believing then that I
had the right to conclude this debate, I did not de-
sire to interrupt him, for I did not know that I was
to be deprived of the privilege.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not decide
that the gentleman had no right to the floor. He
decides otherwise.
Mr. WILCOX. I have arisen to join in the
request of the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Mill-
son,] on my left, to the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Mace,] to withdraw his motion to lay the
bill upon the table. I find myself in the same situ-
ation with the gentleman from Virginia. I am
not sufficiently advised in regard to the merits of
the bill, and I find that many gentlemen here are
in the same situation with myself. I desire to vote
intelligently and advisedly upon this matter, and
I hope, therefore, that the gentleman from Indiana
will withdraw his proposition to lay the bill upon
the table.
