1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
375
Mr. MACE. I will withdraw the motion to
lav vm 'h* tsMe.
Mr. IM 'OCR. I cannot but regret, as I do at
thi< time, u> conclude this debate. It has not been
mv t'n'iune to hear the whole of the argument of
my mend from Kentucky. [Mr. Brfckinrihge.]
Tiie remarks that he made on a former occasion
were made in niv absence. I looked out diligently
ti> find a retH>rt of those remarks, but they were
ne\ er reported in the Globe, perhaps upon some
understanding with him that they should be with-
held until the whole of his speech could be pub-
lished together. I do not by any means intend to
insinuate that they were withheld from any im-
proper motive on bis part: yet everv member of
the House who was not here should have had an
opportunity to examine them. That he withheld
them for the purpose of publishing his remarks
altogether, and thus presenting a complete view
of the subject, 1 have no doubt. But the impres-
sion, the bad bearing of the thing upon myself,
is the same as if he had any other motive. When
this bill first came into the House, and I came
forward to make a few remarks upon it, I en-
deavored to place the claim of David Myerleupon
two simple and distinct grounds. If the claim had
been rested there by Mverle himself, and all his
friends, I apprehend that the remarks of my friend
from Kentucky would be altogether out of place.
I apprehend that the remarks of my friend from
Kentucky, however ingenious and however able
—for he is always ingenious and able—would have
had nothing whatsoever to do with this case.
What difference does it make here, I ask, Mr.
Speaker, and I ask my friend from Kentucky the
question as to the justice of this claim, whether ;
David Myerle got the money with which he pros- '
tcuted this business from Montmullin & Corn-
wall, or from anybody else? David Myerle had
a contract with the Government, and he had a
claim upon the Government. He it was that con-
tracted with the Government, and he alone can
make a demand against this Government. What
have we to do with Montmullin & Cornwall?
What does this Government know about Mont-
mullin & Cornwall ? I shall show, in a subse-
quent part of these remarks, what injustice might
arise, upon the plainest principles of law, to permit
our consideration of this question to embrace any
thing of the transactions between Myerle and
Montmullin & Cornwall. The simple question
is, Is David Myerle, under his contract with the
Government, entitled, or is he not entitled to in-
demnity? If he is not, Mr. Speaker, I ask you
and the members of this House, to vote down this
bill. As the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Breckivridge] has said, I have no feeling in re-
lation to this subject, except the simple feeling and
desire that the position which I have taken in re-
lation to it may be sustained, and that the correct-
ness of the report which 1 have made here may be
vindicated.
What I stated upon a former occasion was, that
in the contract between David Myerle and the
Government, as appears from the letters sent here
by Mr. Paulding, former Secretary of the Navy,
time and time again, that he agreed with Myerle,
if he entered upon this business and prosecuted it faith-
fully, that he should be indemnified; and if he was
successful he should be handsomely remunerated.
Gentlemen rise here and ask what right had Mr.
Paulding to make any such arrangement? I an-
swer, Mr. Paulding was at the head of the Navy
Department. It was, therefore, his appropriate
duty to take means to have his Department sup-
plied with the necessary material for the Navy on
the best possible terms, and if in the prosecution
of such a design as that he transcended his strictly
legal powers, will this House come here and say
that an humble citizen of the country, such as
David Myerle was, shall suffer in consequence of
the misjudgment ot the Secretary? Mr. Paulding
agreed that if he should enter upon the work and
prosecute it faithfully, that he should be indem-
nified, and if he was successful, that he should be
handsomely rewarded. I showed upon-a former
occasion that he did enter upon it—gentlemen do
not deny it; that he did prosecute it faithfully;
and though his experiments, pecuniarily, were
unsuccessful to himself, yet he performed the
mission he was sent to accomplish—a mission
which redounded to the best interests of the
country.
I stated on a former occasion, at the time that
David Myerle entered upon this enterprise, that the
process of water-rotting American hemp was con-
demned in the general estimation—believed to be
impossible to be practically carried out to any ex-
tent. 1 state now, in that connection, immediately
after he entered upon it, when he went into the
State of Kentucky, to some gentlemen, to engage
in the enterprise, so firmly fixed was the belief
that the process was an impracticable one, that cer-
tain gentlemen in the neighborhood applied for
and obtained an injunction to stop the operation;
and there he was with his operations suspended,
his hands out of employ for a great length of time,
in consequence of the injunction obtained under
such circumstances as these; and thus he pressed
forward through numberless embarrassment* until
the practicability of the measure was demonstra-
ted; and now, so far from being dependent on
Russia, as we formerly were, for our hemp, W"
have a supply sufficient for the whole Navy, and
most of the entire commercial marine of the coun-
try.
Mr. HALL. I understood the gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Bocock] to state, that in conse-
quence of the experiment of Myerle, we are en-
abled to supply the American Navy with water-
rotted hemp of as good quality as Russian hemp.
1 ask the gentleman to permit me to read an ex-
tract from the report of Commodore Shubrick,
dated October I2th, 1852, upon this very subject:
" Since the last annual report from this Bureau, between
seventy and eighty tons of American hemp have been re-
ceived at the agencies, and there is no reason to expect that
there will be an increased quantity from the incoming crop.
The reports from the superintendents of the rope-walks,
both at Memphis and at Boston, are unfavorable as to the
quality of the American heinp. This is believed to be owing
to a want of proper care in the culture and curing of the
plant. No reason can be perceived why the American may
not be made of as good quality as the best foreign article ;
but with the fair, and indeed high, encouragement given,
this has not been effected."
Let me call the attention of the gentleman to
this fact, that while we require five hundred tons
of American water-rotted hemp for the use of the
Navy alone, we have been able to get but seventy
or eighty, and that of a most inferior quality. The '
agent at Memphis says this. Let me read what j
he says:
" I regret being obliged to call your attention again to the
unsuitableness ot the bemp sent here by the agents for the
use of the Navy, on account of its general inferior quality.
With the exception of a lot of ten tons, received from the
Kentucky agency, (marked ' Weir,') none has yet been
found equal to the Russian ' half clean while ' out shot,'
the poorest quality of Russian hemp, would be preferable
to the most of it."
So that, according to these reports sent to Con-
gress, instead of its being true, as the gemleman
from Virginia [Mr. Bocock] has been led to be-
lieve, that we now can get American water-rotted
hemp, owing to the experiments of Mr. Myerle,
as good as Russian hemp, it appears that at Mem-
phis there are only ten tons, and only a little of
that fit for use at all.
Mr. BOCOCK. If my friend from Missouri
had enlarged his view a little, he would have been
enabled at once to give an explanation of the mat-
ter he is bringing before the House. Indeed, in
reading the very document, he gave an explana-
tion, though it may not have been distinctly and
fully understood by the House, of the very objec-
tion which he is now raising. If we look to the
census report, the reports of the Secretary of
the Navy, to all that we hear upon this floor
whenever this question comes up, year after year
we find that a large amount of American hemp is
U3ed, and the supply of American water-rotted
hemp is fully sufficient for the Navy of the country,
and almost sufficient for our commercial marine.
The gentleman takes one particular year, comes
forward, and says that the hemp raised that year
is not as good as the Russian. Why, you find that
is the case with everything else. Do we not know,
who know anything about these matters—and I
am somewhat of a farmer myself—that there are
some years when the tobacco crop is inferior,
when the wheat crop is inferior, and when every
crop is of an inferior quality ? and yet will gentle-
men take such a year as that, and say that this
country cannot raise tobacco, wheat, or such other
crops as may have failed at the time ? The gentle-
man must have read from that same statement,
that it was owing to neglect and inattention to the
plan, and to that cause alone, in the opinion of
that officer, that the hemp was of an inferior qual-
l ity.
I will show from the testimony of this case,'as
I have shown before, that not only is the American
water-rotted hemp fully equal to the Russian, but
that the very hemp of Myerle himself was equal
to the Russian.* There was one other view in
which I presented this case upon a former occa-
sion. It was that Myerle delivered thit hemp in
pursuance of his contract to the inspector at Bos-
ton. It was rejected. There is proof that it was
improperly rejected. If it was improperly reject-
ed, had Myerle the right to claim indemnification
at the hands of this Government?
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Where is the
proof?
Mr. BOCOCK. We have here the statement
of Mr. Paulding, which I will read at length pres-
ently, because it gives a summary view of this
whole matter. He states that this hemp was as
strong as the best Russia hemp, and that the sole
objection to it was, that it was not as well cleaned,
or of quite as good a color. But Mr. Paulding
goes further than I have ever gone, and says that
it was rejected from corrupt motives by those
commissioners at Boston. There is also the tes-
timony of the firm of Sewell & Co., who bought
a portion of this rejected hemp when it was sold,
that it was equal to any hemp they ever used in
their lives. It was sold in various parts of the
country; but whereverit has been traced, we have
been able to bring up before this House and the
country the testimony of the men who used it,
that it was as good as any hemp they ever used
in their lives. They all allow that there was
something in the color of the hemp a little differ-
ent from the Russia hemp, but they all say that it'
was as strong and valuable as the best Russia
hemp.
Mr. STEPHENS. Was there any evidence
before the committee that the report of the com-
missioners at Charlestown was an improper one?
Mr. BOCOCK. We had proof that the hemp
was good, and yet it was rejected. We have the
proof of one of the commissioners, who says him-
self that it ought not to have been rejected There
were three commissioners to examine the hemp.
Two voted to reject it, and one against rejecting
it. We have the testimony of the one who voted
against it, who says that, in his opinion, it was
improperly rejected. Now, I submit to the gen-
tleman from Georgia whether, if the hemp was
good,it was right to reject it for a mere difference
of color, which may, after all, have been but the
result of the soil or climate in which it was grown ?
Mr. STEPHENS. But where is the evidence
that it was good ?
Mr. BOCOCK. Why, we have the evidence
of the men who used it after it had been rejected
that it was good hemp. Is not that sufficient?
The gentleman does not seem to embrace that idea.
I wisn I could make it as clear to his mind as it is
to my own. If I could, he could not fail to be
satisfied.
Mr. FLORENCE, (interrupting.) I wish mere-
ly to state, in connection with the question of the
gentleman from Georgia, that the superintendent
of the Government rope-walk tested the quality
and strength of this hemp, and he declared it to
be better than the Russia hemp.
Mr. HALL. Will the gentleman state to the
House that samples were tested, and not a part of
this hemp ?
Mr. FLORENCE. No, sir; it was clearly that
hemp.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I simply de-
sire to say, at this point, with the permission of
the honorable gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Bo-
: cock,] that the great cause of the failure of the
hemp-growing States to produce a sufficient quan-
tity of water-rotted hemp for the use of the Navy,
is to be found in the fact that the policy of Gov-
| ernment has not been such as to encourage its cul-
ture. The Government has appointed two hemp
agents, one located at Louisville, in Kentucky,
and the other at St. Louis, Missouri. These
agents, if I am rightly informed, are not author-
I * An extract from the annual report of the Secretary of
the Navy, Hon. John Y. Mason, dated December 4, 1848:
I "The supply of hemp on hand, and deliverable under
contracts already existing, renderedit unnecessary to adver-
' tise for any additional quantity for the present year. That
American hemp can be prepared, in quality equal to any in
the world, has been established by experiments under toe
most rigid test."       
The Boston Courier of March 27,1849, quotes American
I water-rotted hemp at $S30 per ton—Russia at $240.
