376
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 21,
ized to purchase of the producers the hemp they j
are willing to furnish to the Government, and have
no power to receive any quantity, no matter how
much may be produced and offered for sale. I do
not now, and never could understand the real pur-
pose for which theseagents, or inspectors,as they
are caJled, were appointed. With the power to
buy of the producers, their services might be valu-
able; and the Government through their instru-
mentality might, without difficulty, supply itself
with an abundance of good water-rotted hemp for
the use of the Navy, fully equal in strength and
durability to any foreign article. The farmers of
Kentucky, who take the trouble to water-rot their
hemp, can find a market only with the Govern-
ment. The Government, instead of requiring its
inspectors to purchase and receive the hemp when I
prepared in the neighborhood of the hemp re- j
gion, require the producers to send it to Boston, ,
Memphis, or some other distant naval depot, j
there to be subjected to the same risks which re- i
suited in the rejection of the hemp of Mr. Myerle.
They are unwilling to undergo the expense of
shipment, and run the risk of having their hemp
rejected by the officers of Government, at points
where its speedy sale, in such contingency, cannot
be effected.
I remember well that when Myerle's hemp was
rejected at Boston, as shown by the proof in the
case now before the House, great indignation pre-
vailed against the Government in the whole range
of hemp-growing counties in my region of the
State. The people believed, as is now demon-
strated by the letter of Mr. Paulding, that im-
proper means were resorted to to produce that
rejection. Hence it is that our people are unwill-
ing to engage in the expensive process of water-
rotting their hemp. They have no assurance after
they have done so, and incurred the cost of trans-
portation to a distant naval station, that the hemp
will not be rejected. If they could sell it to an
agent of Government on the spot, authorized to j
buy aud receive it, I have not the slightest doubt
that an abundance of the article, of the very best
quality, could be procured from our own farmers.
They have the fate of Myerle before their eyes,
and hence hesitate to run the risks to which he was
unfortunately exposed.
The farmers of Kentucky have, in the commer-
cial towns of Maysrille, Louisville, and Cincin-
nati, a convenient market at all times for their dew-
rotted hemp. It is subject to no inspection of
Government officials, ana has no prejudices of in-
terested and, perhaps, corrupt agents to encounter.
It is bought at a fair value from the hands of the
producer. Is it wonderful, then, that they prefer
to produce dew-rotted hemp in preference to that
which is water-rotted ?
I believe, sir, if our Government would adopt
the wise policy of purchasing its supply of hemp
for the Navy in open market, from those who can
produce it, that the State of Kentucky alone would
supply an abundance for all the wants of Govern-
ment. Let the agents now located at Louisville
and St. Louis be authorized to buy and receive the
hemp from the farmers, without first transporting
it to Boston, Norfolk, or Memphis, for inspection,
and no doubt enough and to spare can be conveni-
ently obtained.
Our farmers have learned, from the experiments
of Myerle, the art of preparing it. Our soil is
fruitful beyond comparison. We can grow the
article equal to any produced in the world.
Mr. HALL. 1 hope the gentleman from Ken-
tucky and the House did not understand me to
say that the western people could not produce
water-rotted hemp. My statement was, that the
argument of the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Bocock] was incorrect, when he said that we
were now able, in consequence of Jtfyerle's experi-
ments, to supply theNavy with water-rotted hemp.
I say that that is not the fact. I say that when-
ever you pay the American grower a remunera-
tive price for water-rotted hemp he will make it,
. but not in consequence of Myerle's experiments.
They do not make water-rolted hemp, because
it is better for them to make dew-rotted hemp at
the present prices.
Mr. STANTON. I would ask the gentleman
•whether the production of watter-rotted hemp was
carried on to any extent, either in Missouri or in
Kentucky, before Myerle went and demonstrated
that' it could be done without injury to the health
of the people ?
Mr. HALL. The only time within my knowl-
edge, when water-rotted hemp was produced in
Upper Missouri, was in 1842 and 1843. Ourpeople
then wentinto the business, because David Myerle
came there and told them that if they water-rotted
hemp, he would give them seven dollars a hundred
for it; and as a matter of speculation, they went
into the business. When they had prepared the
hemp, Myerle was not there to take it off their
hands, and they went out of the business. That
is the whole history of water-rotted hemp in Mis-
souri. I do not believe there is a single grower
engaged in it now.
Mr. STANTON. Still Myerle demonstrated
that it could be done.
Mr. BOCOCK. The gentleman has gone back
to a former question which I had passed from—
that is, whether David Myerle did anything to
establish the practice of water-rotting hemp. I
will, however, recapitulate the facts which the
gentleman from Missouri does not deny, and
which nobody who knows anything of the case
can deny. They are these: at the time Myerle
undertook the enterprise, the process of water-
rotting hemp was not carried on in this country.
It was believed to be unhealthy. Myerle did enter
on it, and he induced other men to enter on it, and
the consequence has been that the process has been
increasing from that day to this, so that there is
now a large amount of water-rotted hemp annually
made in this country.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I believe that I live
in the midst of the largest hemp-growing district
in the United States. It is a mistake to say that
there had been no water-rotted hemp prepared
Crevious to the appearance of Myerle. There had
een some; there has undoubtedly been more
since. The reason why no more hemp had been
water-rotted was that our farmers could not be
secure of getting a fair price for it. They objected
to the contract system. But it could always be
obtained from farmers, in open market, when a
fair price was offered for it.
Mr. BOCOCK. Does the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, the gentleman from Missouri, or any other
gentleman, deny that there were strong prejudices
against this process at the time David Myerle en-
tered on it—that the people believed it to be un-
healthy, and that Myerle's operations exploded
that idea?
Mr. HALL. I will state this to the gentleman
from Virginia, that so far as my information ex-
tends, precisely the same prejudice exists now, in
my part of the State, against water-rotting hemp,
that has always existed. The prejudice is so
strong that people will not engage in the operation
unless they can get exorbitant prices for their
hemp.
Mr. BOCOCK. That is very singular; for the
census and other reliable returns show that there
is much more of it made than there formerly was.
But, sir, I turn now to another question, which
I was considering when the interruption took
place; and that is the question of the improper re-
jection of this hemp. 1 am happy to have the sug-
gestions of the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Stanton,] for more than one reason. I am happy
to have it, not only because the suggestion itself
is valuable, but because it bears forcibly upon the
remarks with which the other gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Breckinridge] concluded his
speech upon this subject. Any one listening to
the eloquence of that gentleman, would have
thought that all Kentucky was up in arms against
old David Myerle; that the whole artillery of the
State was to be brought to bear to crush that
feeble old man. But the next moment, another
gentleman from Kentucky comes forward, and,
instead of bearing testimony to that feeling against
Myerle, has the temerity to bear his testimony in
behalf of the value of his services and the justice
of his claim.
Sir, I will now read a single paragraph from
Mr. Paulding's letter. He says:
" T stated, that after surmounting great obstacles, you at
length suceeedpd so far as to deliver a large snpplyof Amer-
ican water-rotted hemp at the Boston navy-yard, which
being tested with tile best Russia, proved considerably
stronger, but was rejected by the inspectors on the frivolous
pretext that it was not quite so clean.1'
That is not hearsay. Mr. Paulding does not
say he heard that it proved stronger than the Rus-
sian hemp. He says of his own knowledge that
it proved stronger. He says further:
" And I now state, that the late Commodore Nicholson,
who afterwards commanded at Boston, has since assured
me that corrupt means were used to induce the inspectors
to come to that decision."
I commend that to the gentleman from Georgia.
Mr. STEPHENS. I had read that.
Mr. BOCOCK. Well, sir, I havealso the evi-
dence of the gentlemen who used the hemp. Now,
here is the ground upon which I rested tins claim:
I proved that David Myerle did enter on this work
and faithfully prosecuted it, and that he made the
experiment successfully. 1 come forward now to
claim the fulfillment of the pledge made to him by
Mr. Paulding, that he should be indem nified against
all loss. 4 undertake to show that the hemp was
improperly rejected, and I say that in pursuance
of the contract, David Myerle is entitled to the
difference between what the hemp actually sold for
and what he would have received for it if it had not
been improperly rejected. That is all I ask. That
is every cent reported here. All this talk about
losses at Louisville, and St. Louis,and Wheeling,
has nothing to do with the matter, as my friend
from Kentucky [Mr. Breckinridge] well knows.
If the case had rested just where I rested it, all
this talk of my fnend from Kentucky about David
Myerle having deceived the Secretary of theNavy,
and deceived the Committee on Naval Affairs,
would have been entirely unnecessary.
Sir, I claim that David Myerle was entitled to
have that hemp received; that it was improperly
rejected; and that therefore David Myerle is en-
titled to the difference between what that hemp
sold for, being rejected, and what it would have
sold for if it had not been rejected. It was sold
for one half its fair price. Hemp at that time was
worth about $300 a ton. Being rejected; being
seized upon by Montmullen & Cornwall, and hur-
ried off without Myerle's consent, it was con-
verted into bale rope by them in violation of the
contract between them, sold to whoever would
take it at any price, and it was thus sacrificed for
half the price that it otherwise would have com-
manded. Now, sir, if any gentleman will exam-
ine my report, he will see that that is the ground
upon which I base it. It is true that I adopt the
report made by a former member of this House
from the State of South Carolina—a gentleman in
whose intelligence and integrity I have the highest
confidence; but it will be seen that I do not in-
dorse all the statements made by Mr. Holmes in
that report. I give it at length, sTnd say that in
most of the arguments I concur.
Now, if this case is rested there, upon what pre-
text will economists—you who wish to build up a
reputation here by saving every dollar and cent to
the Treasury—upon what pretext, I ask, can you
refuse this old man his just due? In all your
laudable attempts at economy, I claim to be your
full brother. " 1 stand up with you here to resist,
by my voice and by my votes, the taxes which
are continually being laid upon the people. I give
my consent to as few improper measures of this
sort as almost any member of this House; but
I hold that it is the part ofan American statesman,
of an American patriot, and of a man of intelli-
gence, to discriminate between that which is wrong,
and that which is right. Will you, in a wild
spirit of economy, say, " We will allow nothing?"
Remember that you refuse to claimants against
the Government every means ofredress. You do
not permit them to go into the courts. You will
not establish a board of claims. You require
them to come to your door and knock; and when
they do come, you say to them, " You want money
out of the Treasury, and we are sworn not to give
you any." You thereby proclaim that you have
more regard for establishing a reputation at home
for economy, than you have for justice, and a
faithful performance of duty. You love your-
selves better than you love justice and right. Y ou
wish to build up your reputations at home as vi-
gilant guardians of the public treasure, at the ex-
pense of just claimants upon the Government.
Mr. MOORE, of Louisiana. As I intend, from
conscientious motives, to vote against this claim,
I do not wish to have improper motives imputed
to me.
Mr. BOCOCK. I did not mean to impute any
improper motives to the gentleman.
Mr. McLANAHAN. I think the gentleman
from Virginia has very conclusively shown that
this Government is not in debt to Montmullen and
Cornwall. The question before the House now,
