1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
377
it seems to me, is, to ascertain, if possible, the data
from * hu-h the committee deduced the conclusion
th.n the Government owes §30,000 to David My-
er!e. I have [>aid some attention to the gentle-
man's speech, and 1 do not wish to interrupt his
tru'ii of thought, but it occurs to me that it" the
House was informed of the data from which the
gentleman deduced the conclusion that this Gov-
ernment is indebted in the round sum of S30,000
to Myerle, we should come nearer to the case than
from anything that has transpired ill this morn-
ing's debate.
Mr. BOCOCK. I take great pleasure in an-
swering the ;rentleman's question, because I want
to throw as much light as I can upon this subject.
The gentleman will see it stated in my report that
I propose no circumstantial damages, no allow-
ance for prospective profits. I only propose that
David Myerle shall be indemnified against actual
losses. Well, sir, it was perfectly impossible to
come at the exact amount of his losses, because
we could not trace all the hemp and find where it
went ; nor had we the accounts to show what the
manufacturing of the hemp cost. But we have
allowed Myerle the difference between what the
hemp ought to have sold for under the contract
wish the Navy Department—$300a ton—and what
it actually did sell for under the ruinous influence
of its improper rejection by the Boston commis-
sioners. That amount of loss is certain; how
much more he sustained cannot be accurately
known, though it is believed to have been far from
inconsiderable.
Now, if my friend from Pennsylvania [Mr.
McLiX4H v] will examine into this matter, if he
will ascertain the number of tons of hemp actually
made and delivered by Mr. Myerle, and by com-
paring the price which he would have received for
it it" it had not been rejected, with that for which
it was actually sold, he will find that the loss
amounted to more than $30,000.
Now, Mr. Speaker, in answer to the suggestion
of the gentleman from Louisiana, I did not intend
to cast any imputation upon his course in relation
to this or any other bill, that he had not acted in
accordance with what he considered principles of
justice. I know too well what becomes a member
of this House to do any such thing; I know too
well how much I should dislike to have any mem-
ber make such an imputation against me to do
s<ich a thing myself. I only intended to suggest
to gentlemen to inquire into their motives, and see
how far they were governed in the feelings which .
induced their action upon this floor by this dispo- !
sitinn to establish a reputation for economy.
Mr. MOORE, of Louisiana. If the gentleman
will permit me, I will only say that I would scorn
to vote against a just claim upon motives of econ-
omy alone. If I thought this a just claim, I
would vote for it under all circumstances, and
without regard to any other considerations.
Mr. BOCOCK. 1 have no doubt of it. I
never examined the gentleman's votes particular-
ly. I hope, then, with this declaration from him,
that we shall yet have his vote in favor of this bill.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I come to notice the posi-
tion of my friend from Kentucky, [Mr. Breck-
ix ridge.]
Mr. LETCHER. If my colleague will permit
me, I want to know how it was that the present
Committee on Naval Affairs ascertained that the
former committees which had investigated and re-
ported upon this subject, had allowed Mr. Myerle
less than he was entitled to ?
Mr. BOCOCK. 1 will tell the gentleman. I
reported upon this case twice. When I first ex-
amined it, I thought Mr. Myerle was entitled to
a ?reat deal more, for his actual loss was much
greater than the former committee had allowed
him. I then reported $25,000, telling my col-
leagues upon the committee that the amount I
had allowed was less than what I thought was
risrht, but I preferred putting it at that, fearing
that the House might think the real amount to
which I thought he was entitled an exorbitant
one. I thought it was better that he should have
that than to endanger the passage of the bill by
reporting too large an amount, knowing that this
House never allowed interest. When I made my
last report, I took the former one, and calculated,
as near as possible, what were his actual hisses,
and finding that §30,000 would still fall below the
real amount, I allowed him that sum, and the „
Committee on Naval Affairs agreed to it. Again ||
I say to my friend from Virginia, [Mr. Letcher,]
that 1 thought from the beginning that Mr. My-
erle was entitled to a great deal more than other
committees had allowed him, and that 1 reduced
the amount in my first report below what I thought
he ought to have, with a view that uo man might
think 1 had allowed too much.
Mr. LETCHER. I would like to know if the
Naval Committee in the first instance increased
the appropriation from £20,000 to §25,000 for that
reason ?
Mr. BOCOCK. Upon the mere principle of
allowing interest alone, I would not have done it.
What 1 said was, that if interest were calculated
upon the amount of his actual losses, $30,000
would fall below their actual amount. But my
friend from Kentucky [Mr. Breckinridge] claims
that Mr. Myerle got his money of Montmullen
& Cornwall, and that the Government therefore
owes those gentlemen $30,000. Mr. Speaker, the
condition of my voice will not permit me to argue
this question at length; but I must call the atten-
tion of the House to the position which my friend
from Kentucky has occupied upon this subject.
When it first cache up, what did the gentleman
then do ? Did he come up here and present him-
self as against the validity of this claim ? Did he
come here as the guardian of the public Treasury
and say that no money should come out of the
public Treasury for its payment? No, sir; he
rather admitted that there was justice in the claim.
He admitted that the Government did owe some
money to somebody; but it ought, if possible, to
go to certain of his constituents. That question
was discussed in this House, but when action
came to be had upon it, the gentleman found that
this House was not going to erect itself into a
court of chancery to adjust the accounts of fylont-
mullen & Cornwall on the one hand, and of David
Myerle on the other. He saw that Montmullen
& Cornwall had no contract with this Govern-
ment, and had no right to claim anything at our
hands; and what does he do now ? Why, sir, he
comes forward with the cry of economy, and says
that no money is due to anybody at all; that
neither Mr. Myerle nor anybody else is entitled
to compensation on account of this claim. Why
this extraordinary change in the gentleman's
views ? The leading facts in the ca8e remain pre-
cisely as they were at first. There has been no
change in them. If his constituents ever had any
just claim upon the Government, it rested solely
upon those very services of David Myerle which
have not yet been compensated.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. If my friend will
allow me to interrupt him for a moment, the posi-
tion I have taken throughout in relation to this
matter has been consistent. I have not argued the
question of the propriety or the impropriety of
the rejection of the hemp. I remember to have
stated in my remarks the other day, that it was
probable the hemp should not have been rejected;
that there was evidence tending to show that it
should not have been rejected; that my impression 1
was that the Government might with great pro- !
priety, pay a reasonable amount of money to those !
who had really incurred losses in making these !
experiments for the benefit of the Government. 1
But I have throughout taken the position, that Mr. !
Myerle has sustained no loss whatever, and that
he has presented his case in a manner that is alto-
gether discreditable.
But as 1 do not intend to interrupt my friend
again, I beg to call his attention for a moment to
another branch of this subject. He says-the por-
tion of my speech which was in relation to the
pecuniary condition of Mr. Myerle, before he en-
tered into this arrangement with the Government,
was irrelevant and out of place. Why, sir, I was
following the report of the committee in my allu-
sions to that matter. They make these proposi-
tions: first, that the hemp was improperly rejected;
and second, that in consequence of that rejection,
MT. Myerle's credit was destroyed, his private
business ruined, and his whole property, amount-
ing to forty-odd thousand dollars, lost, leaving him
in debt and bankrupt. That is their second prop-
osition; and that is one of the propositions upon
which they base the claim. From what appears
in this report, I felt it my duty to show that it did
not present a correct statement of the case.
Mr. BOCOCK. If the gentleman from Ken-
tucky will look at the report, he will find that the
committee ask for nothing but the actual loss in-
curred on account of these experiments. Well,
sir, the gentleman from Kentucky has made his
explanation; and where does he stand now? He
comes up and admits that this hemp was probably
improperly rejected, and he is willing that Mont-
mullen & Cornwall should get something from the
Government. He admitted in fact that the Gov-
ernment owed them something. But when the
point is determined that Montmullen & Cornwall
are to receive nothing, he comes up and says the
Government shall not pay it to anybody. Why
if you do not gives this indemnity to David Myerle'
who has the right to claim it at the hands of the
Government? Who can ask it besides >
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Nobody. '
Mr. BOCOCK. The House has decided that
Montmullen & Cornwall shall not have it.
But I will proceed briefly to investigate the gen-
tleman's position further. When on a former oc-
casion he undertook to go into the accounts of
Montmullen & Cornwall with David Myerle, I
confess I was a little surprised. I know the shifts
which members of Congress are often almost com-
pelled to resort to, to comply with the wishes of
their constituents. Many times do they bring
forward measures here which their own judgments
and consciences cannot approve. I know the gen-
tleman from Kentucky is a man of ability. 1
know him as a lawyer of acumen, and I did not
expect thatwhile Montmullen & Cornwall had no
contract with the Government, he should under-
take to go into the consideration of transactions
between them and David Myerle.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE, (interrupting.) I did
contend for that very thing.
Mr. BOCOCK. It was the desire of your con-
stituents which overruled your better judgment.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Not at all. Not at
all.
Mr. BOCOCK. I have no proof of the trans-
actions between Montmullen & Cornwall and
David Myerle. Does not the gentleman see to
what he is coming this morning, and does he not
see the impropriety of any such investigation upon
our part? What did the gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Breckinridge] himself do ? He came
into this House, and claimed that David Myerle
owed Montmullen & Cornwall §30,000, and he
would have this House act upon such testimony
as that, and now we show a letter from Montmul-
len & Cornwall, dated long after the close of their
transactions with Myerle, in which they claim
only $1,000, and even speak doubtingly as to that
amount. Does not the gentleman see, in such a
case as this, that we have not the testimony, and
from the nature of the case that we cannot get
the testimony, to make an impartial and thorough
examination of the condition of the case as be-
tween Montmullen &Cornwall and David Myerle?
Why, sir, he must see it. Who knows how much
David Myerle paid these men ? Who knows any-
thing about that, whether he has not subsequently
paid off the whole amount? Nay, more; upon a
just settlement of their accounts before a commis-
i sioner in chancery, it may be found that they are
! largely in his debt—a supposition strongly sup-
ported by their refusal to render any account of
their transactions to David Myerle.
| But, Mr. Speaker, I have now to regret again
! that I did not hear some remarks, which I under-
] stand fell from the gentleman from Kentucky, in
relation to David Myerle's condition previous to
I entering upon this work. I believe that such an
[ argument, upon the part of the gentleman from
| Kentucky, is calculated to prejudice the case, by
producing an injurious effect upon the mind of the
House, in relation to the character of David My-
erle, and in that aspect of the case alone, I shall
look at it now. Now, what does the gentleman
from Kentucky himself confess? He said that
we had some testimony to show that the narrative
contained in that report was correct. We bring
the testimony of David Myerle's partners. We
state in that report, that David Myerle entered
upon this business of making rope at the city of
Pittsburg; that he went from Pittsburg to Wheel-
ing, from Wheeling to Louisville, and from Louis-
ville to St. Louis; that he sold out his property at
Wheeling, where, as well as atSt. Louis, he owned
extensive property. At St. Louis he entered upon
this work of American water-rotted hemp. Such
is the narrative of the report, and it is to that I
shall now address myself.
1 have proof here that when David Myerle sold
