87 8
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 21,
his rone-walk at Wheeling, lie got no money for
it, but that lie sot a bond anil mortgage to secure
the payment of the purchase money. In 1838, he
came down to Louisville, and commenced the es-
tablishment of a rope-walk there. He went on to
build it, and it cost him more than £20,000. After
lie had completed it, he let in two men, one Stuart
and a man by the name of Bland, as partners, and
thev gave him f . After having established the
walk, this partnership firm bought ^15,000 worth
of negroes to carry on the work with. What
did they then do? They executed a deed of trust
upon the negroes to secure the purchase money,
and also a deed of trust upon the property itself,
to cover the purchase of the negroes, and other
purchases made by the partnership.
Now, the gentleman from Kentucky comes for-
ward, as I understand, fori did not hear that part
of his speech, and brings forward an execution,
returned " nulla bona," in order to prove the in-
correctness of this narrative. Now, what is the
easiest and most palpable explanation of that mat-
ter' Myerle lived in the State of Kentucky ;he was
sued in the State of Kentucky, judgment went
against him in the State of Kentucky, and execu-
tion went out against him in the State of Kentucky.
His property was covered by deeds of trust and
mortgages, to secure the payment for those negroes
and other property, which that firm had purchased.
Finding the property covered with these deeds of
trust and mortgages, what did the officer do ? He
could not do otherwise than return the execution
" nulla bona."
That is my explanation, though I do not know
the precise case which the gentleman brought for-
ward. But, as I understand it, that is my answer,
and to every lawyer it cannot fail of being perfectly
satisfactory, and entirely consistent with the nar-
rative given in the committee's report.
Mr. TAYLOR, (interrupting.) I wish to ask
my friend from Virginia [Mr. Bocock] a ques-
tion, because the answer to it will influence the
vote lam about to give on this case. He has cited
the House to a statement of ex-Secretary Paulding
and Commodore Nicholson, who commanded at
the navy yard at Boston, after the rejection of
the hemp. I wish to know whether Mr. Nichol-
son assured the Secretary of the Navy, at that
time, that corrupt means were used to induce the
inspectors at that station to reject this water-rot-
ted hemp ? And I wish to know whether there is
any proofbeforetheNaval Committee that corrupt
means were used ?
Mr. BOCOCK. None, except what I have
named. This was western hemp. Here was a
Boston inspection; a Boston inspection that lived
by the inspection of hemp brought from over the
water, from Russia. The jealousy of these inspect-
ors may have been excited by the fact that there
was growing up a competing trade; a competing
business, and that when this great western country
entered extensively upon the production of water-
rotted hemp, an inspection office would be estab-
lished at the West, and then the business of these
Boston inspectors would be taken away from
them. " Othello's occupation would be gone."
Mr. HALL, (interrupting.) The gentleman
has dwelta great deal upon the fact that this hemp
was strong, and has thence argued that the hemp
was of a good quality. Now, the gentleman
eertainly must know that the quality of hemp de-
pends not merely upon its strength, but also upon
its length, it freeness from tow, and its color.
I ask the gentleman to explain to the House one
fact. If that hemp of Myerle was worth $300
per ton, which is the price of good water-rotted
Russia hemp, why was it that Montmullen &
Cornwell, though they kept it on hand for three
years, were compelled to sell it at ninety dollars
a ton ? Why did they not go into market and
sell it for $300 per ton, which was the price an in-
ferior article of hemp was bringing in market?
Mr. BOCOCK. The gentleman from Mis-
souri must know that this hemp came under the
condemnation of the inspectors, and was sold un-
der the condemnation of inspectors; and he ought
to know the prejudicial effect of such condemna-
tion upon the minds of purchasers.
Mr. HALL. It was not sold under the con-
demnation of the inspectors, but was sold after
they had kept it on hand two or three years.
Mr. BOCOCK. For the sale of this hemp
David Myerle was not responsible, because he
could not control it. Montmullen & Cornwall
\ seized and had possession of it, and upon them j
: is the responsibility. But will the gentleman in-
form the House by what process that hemp once
condemned became relieved from that condemna-
tion ? Keeping it two or three years surely could
not of ltselt have produced that effect.
Mr. HALL. If it were worth three hundred
dollars a ton, and that was the only chance to get
back their money, why did they sell it for ninety
dollars a ton ?
Mr. BOCOCK. My friend allows his feelings
to run away with his discretion. It he will dis-
card them, and listen to reason,! will make a
statement which will convince even him. This
hemp had gone before the Boston board of inspec-
tion, and had been condemned. Under the influ-
ence of that condemnation, and before the proof
came out from the men to whom it was sold, it
was sold by Montmullen & Cornwall, and at a
sacrifice. Now, sir, if this heinp could have been
used before—if these men had been able to ascer-
tain before it was used, that it was as good as it
was actually found to be—doubtless it might have
been sold for more than it was sold for. But be-
fore it was used, before it was tried, before any- :
thing was done to get rid of this condemnation |
of the inspectors, it was converted into bale rope, i
and hurried into market by Montmullen & Corn-
wall. 1
Mr. HALL. Judges of hemp can tell the
quality by looking at it. They do not have to go
to inspectors to ascertain whether it is good, bad,
or indifferent. They buy it upon their own judg-
ment, and do not depend upon the inspectors of
Boston.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. If the gentle-
men could have had before them the price-current
of bale rope and gagging, at New Orleans, at the
time of the condemnation of the hemp at Boston,
they would have seen that bale rope was selling at
the enormously high price of twenty-five cents per
pound; that bagging was selling at thirty-five cents,
and if this hemp had been immediately worked up
, into bale rope and bagging, and sent to the mar-
i, ket at New Orleans, it would have realized them
! $500 per ton instead of $300; but instead of send-
! ing it there immediately, they held on to it, ex-
, pecting that this enormously high price would
continue or be increased. But they were defeated
in their own avaricious purposes by holding on to
it, and failed to realize the high price they might
have done. Myerle could have no control over it
after they seized it. If he could, possibly the re-
sult might have been less disastrous.
Mr. FLORENCE. I desire particularly to im-
press it upon the House that it was not sold as
water-rotted hemp. It was converted into bale
rope after the market had fallen, and hence the
conviction naturally must be that it was desirable
to possess themselves of that property at that
time, because it was bringing a large price. I tried
to convince my friend from Missouri at the last
session of Congress, in a speech 1 made upon this
floor on this subject, and I hope he will be con-
vinced now. [Laughter.]
Mr. BOCOCK. Here was the fact that Mont-
mullen & Cornwall seized this hemp, that they
held it two years without selling it, and in the
mean time the market fell.
But I wish to give to the question of my friend
from Missouri another application. This hemp
has been proven by those who used it, to have
been good and strong in use. If, then, as my
friend says, a judge of hemp can tell, by looking
at it, whether it is good or not—this being good
in every respect other than color—does not that
establish the fact that these inspectors, when they
rejected it, acted corruptly? And does not my
friend from Missouri come to help my argument,
to show that it was improperly rejected ?
I was going on, Mr. Speaker, to give some ex-
planation of the facts which the gentleman from
Kentucky had brought forward as bearing upon
the veracity of David Myerle. I have been at-
tempting to explain to the House how it was that
David Myerle had a large and valuable partner-
ship interest in one or two rope-walks, and at the
same time, executions may have been issued
against him, and returned " nulla bona." Now,
the gentleman himself says, that there was proof
to show that David Myerle was worth something.
Mr. Myerle stated to the committee again and
again, that while he was engaged attending to the
business of water-rotting hemp, his regular busi-
ness suffered for want of his personal attention—
his partners were unable to meet their engage-
ments; suits were brought against him and them,
causing a vast accumulation of costs, and the ulti-
mate sacrifice of all of his property. These state-
ments are all fully supported by the testimony of
his partners themselves, and dates, which cannot
lie, prove conclusively that this disastrous condi-
tion of his affairs occurred after, and not before
he entered upon the duties of his engagement with
the Navy Department. His ruined fortunes,
therefore, resulting as they did from his efforts to
promote the public mteres', so far from being
urged as a reason for withholding justice from
him, should rather operate as an inducement to
render that justice the more promptly. That he
succeeded in those efforts is fully proven by Mr.
Paulding's letter, dated
Navy Department, Orh.lrr M. 1839.
Sir : I have the pleasure to acknowledge the receipt of
your letter of the 17th instant, upon the Mihject ol water-
rotting hemp, and to express to you the thanks of the De-
partment tor the pains you are taking to accomplish a great
national object.
1 am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
J K. PAULDING.
David Myerle, Louisville, Ky.
Now, if I have explained the facts which the
gentleman from Kentucky has brought forward,
how does Myerle stand according to his own state-
ment? What proof have we? We have the proof
of Stuart himself, one of the firm of Stuart, My-
erle & Bland, stating that one year after Myerle
commenced the business, the rope-walk in Louis-
ville was sold for a large price, showing that My-
erle's interest was such as is stated in this report.
The statement of the partners shows that Myer-
Ie's statement was correct, and that he did have
this property at the time.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Georgia. I dislike to in-
terrupt the gentleman, and I only do so to make an
inquiry, in order to vote intelligibly on this bill. I
understand this to be a question of obligation, and
not of bounty. If that be the case, I wish to
know the quantity of hemp offered to be delivered
by Mr. Myerle, and which was rejected, and its
value. If then $8,000, which he received from
his creditors, be deducted from its value according
to the contract, I shall be willing to go for the bill.
Mr. BOCOCK. The gentleman can make the
calculation as well as I or anybody else can. The
| report states the quantity ana its value. The con-
l tract provided for the water-rotting of five hundred
tons of hemp.
; Mr. JOHNSON. How much did he offer ?
Mr. BOCOCK. He delivered a certain quan-
1 tity—I cannot tell now precisely what it was. It
is proved that he had on hand what he agreed to
deliver to the Government. Heoffered, as I haye
already stated, a part of it, but it was rejected.
He did not offer the remainder, because it was
precisely the same quality as that which had been
rejected. The gentleman can take the five hun-
dred tons of hemp, and calculate what it ought to
have sold for, if it had not been improperly re-
jected, and strike a balance.
Mr. JOHNSON. What I desire to understand
is, whether he was prepared to deliver five hun-
dred tons of hemp?
Mr. BOCOCK. My friend from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Florence] tells me that he offered to de-
liver two hundred and fifty tons, but that he had
three hundred tons on har.d. He agreed to de-
liver five hundred tons, but had only delivered
one hundred tons. My friend from Georgia must
know that Mr. Myerle had entered into contracts
j with men to make the hemp, and whether it was
received by the Government or not, he was bound
to receive it from them. If he had incurred in-
! debtedness in relation to it—if he had got men to
j make it, and had entered into obligations to re-
ceive it, he is to-day just as much entitled to in-
demnity as if he had delivered it.
I have promised to do what I do not like to do,
and that is, to call for the previous question.
The call for the previous question was second-
ed, and the main question was ordered to be put.
The SPEAKER. The question now is, Shall
: the bill be engrossed and read a third time ?
Mr. RICHARDSON. I move that the bill be
laid upon the table.
' Mr. FLORENCE. 1 demand the yeas and
nays.
I The yeas and nays were ordered.
II Mr. GOODENOW. I desire to inquire of the
