880
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 24,
Mr. POLK. I withdraw the motion to refer.
The question was then taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative.
So the motion was reconsidered, the communi-
cation laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HOUSTON. I should like if the gentle-
man from Georgia [Mr. Stepheni] would with-
draw his motion to adjourn, until I ask the House
to discharge the Committee of the "Whole on the
state of the Union from the amendments of the
Senate to the Military Academy bill, and ask the
House to disagree to the amendments.
Mr. TOOMBS. 1 object.
[A^message was here received from the Senate,
by the hands of Asbury Dickins, Esq.,its Secre-
tary, informing the House that they had passed
bills of the following titles, viz:
S. No. 468. An act for the relief of John M. Mc-
intosh.
S. No. 292. An act for the relief of Richard W.
Meade.
S. No. 226. An act for the relief of Lewis H.
Bates and William Lacon.
S. No. 311. An act for the relief of George Den-
net, of Portsmouth, New Hampshire.
H. R. No. 163. An act for the relief of Jacob J.
Storer.]
Mr. WILCOX. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House for leave to withdraw papers referred
to the Committee on Public Lands from citizens
of Mississippi, praying that moneys be refunded
to them for certain lands purchased, and refer them
to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
There being no objection, it was so ordered.
MATHEWS, WOOD AND HALL.
Mr. EDGERTON. The bill ft>r the relief of
Mathews, Wood & Hall has been returned fr m
the Senate with an amendment. The amend-
ment is an unimportant one in its character. I
wish, as there is no opportunity to report the bill,
that the House will agree to the Senate amend-
ment.
A Member. What is the amendment?
Mr. EDGERTON. It is, after the word "James
Hall," to strike out the words "or to any other
person or persons by them duly authorized to re-
ceive the same." It is to prevent the payment of
money to anybody but the persons themselves,
and not to an agent.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I have no ob-
jection to that.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment of the Senate, and it was decided in the af-
firmative.
Mr. SACKETT. I desire to ask the Chair
whether the next business in order is. the reference
of private bills upon the Speaker's table?
The SPEAKER. The next business in order
will be some two or three bills reported from a
Committee of the Whole House.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I renew the
motion to adjourn.
The question was then taken, and it was decided
in the affirmative.
So the House adjourned till Monday next at
twelve o'clock, m.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions were presented under the rule
and referred to the appropriate committees :
By Mr. GOODENOW: The petition of David Thurs-
ton and 56 other citizens of Vassalboro', in the State of
Maine, " deploring the great and manifold evils of war,''
and praying ts that measures maybe taken for securing in
our treaties with other nations a provision for referring to
the decision of umpires all misunderstandings that cannot
be satisfactorily adjusted by amicable negotiation."
By Mr. r AY : The petition of inhabitants of Chelsea,
Massachusetts, praying for afflhority to open a road or street :
over a portion ot lands connected with the Marine Hospital !
at Chelsea. J
By Mr. MILLER: The petition of sundry citizens of ;
Missouri, praying the establishment of a mail route from !
Bloonnngtoii lo Kdina, in Knox county, by way of F.dina. 1
By Mr. KUliNS: The petition of citizens of Armstrong i
and Indiana counties, iu Pennsylvania, praying Congress to
adopt such measures as they may deem best to prevent the i
great and manifold evils of war. '
By Mr. HIBBARI): The petition of W. W. Bragg and
others, praying for a new mail route in the county of Coos,
State of New Hampshire.
Mr. ANDREW JOHNSON presented the memorial and
other papers of John Morris, a soldier of the last war with
Great Britain, praying Congress to have his name placed on
the roll of invalid pensioners, he being disabled in conse-
quence of exposure and sufferingin the said war witl|J}rpat
Britain; which was referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions.
IN SENATE.
Monday, January 24, 1853.
Prayer by the Rev. James Gallaher.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Acting Secretary of the
Treasury, in answer to a resolution of the Senate
respecting Arkansas bonds held in trust by the
United States; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Finance, and ordered to be printed.
Also, a report of the Secretary of War, in an-
swer to a resolution of the Senate, calling for in-
formation relating to Fort Jefferson and Fort
Taylor; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. SEWARD presented the petition of John
Millar, representing that he is a native of Ireland,
but that he has settled in New York, and declared
his intention of becoming a citizen of the United
States,and praying that a register maybe granted
for a vessel built by him in that city, and also for
any other vessels he may build; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
Also, a memorial of William J. Young, calling
attention to the Mormon settlement in Utah, and
praying that the Constitution of the United States
may be so amended as to vest in Congress the
power to establish a uniform system of marriage
throughout the United States and its Territories;
which was referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
Mr. FISH presented the memorial of Hartwell
Carver, praying a charter for himself and associ-
ates, to construct a railroad from some point on
the Mississippi or Missouri river, or from Lake
Michigan, to the Pacific ocean; which was referred
to the Select Committee appointed on the subject.
Mr. MOR'l'ON presented the following resolu-
tions of the Legislature of Florida, which were
ordered to be printed. The first three were re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands; the
fourth to the Committee on the Library; and the
fifth to the Committee on Claims:
1. Resolution in favor of a grant of land to Wa-
kulla county, to enable the people of that county
to purchase a county site, and erect a court-house.
2. Resolution in favor of the establishment of
Pulaski as a port of entry.
3. Resolution in favor of a grant of land to
Sumter county, for the purpose of building a court-
house.
4. Resolution in favor of the appointment of an
agent to examine into the archives of Cuba, and
copy all manuscripts relating to the early history
of Florida, or any other State of the Union.
5. Resolution in favor of the claim of James
M. Bates.
Mr. MORTON. I beg leave to present the
memorial of Robert Joyner, riaval storekeerier
at the Pensacola navy-yard. He represents that
in the spring of 1851, the naval store there was
entered and robbed of clothing and small stores
to the amount of some six or seven hundred dol-
lars. The facts stated by the memorialist are
sustained by the testimony of the commandant of
the yard. This robbery was committed not by
negligence on the part of the storekeeper, but in
consequence of the naval stores and the stores of
the purser being under the same lock and key;
and the presumption is, from the evidence, that
the robbery was committed by some of the ordi-
nary men of the yard. I move that the memo-
rial be referred to the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs; and 1 beg to bespeak of that committee its
prompt and favorable consideration.
The memorial was so referred.
Mr. SHIELDS. I have been requested to pre-
sent the petition of C. Ludwig Richter, and I
will state, briefly, that his object is to have a part
of the money which is proposed to be appropri-
ated to Mr. Clark Mills set apart for his use and
benefit. He states that he has learned that there
is a proposition before Congress to make a dona-
tion of money to Mr. Mills, for his success in the
construction of the Jackson equestrian statue. He
represents that he is the person who invented the
moulds, formed the moulding, and made the fur-
naces from which the statue has been cast, and
that he is entitled to an equal share, at least, of
whatever money may be appropriated to Mr.
Mills. I know nothing of the facts; but I deem
it my duty to present the memorial, and move
its reference to the Committee on Public Build-
ings.
It was so referred.
Mr. MALLORY presented a petition of mem-
bers of the Chamber of Commerce of Appalachi-
cola and others, praying an appropriation for the
removal of the bar off that harbor; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. SEBASTIAN presented a petition of citi-
zens of Arkansas, praying the establishment of a
mail route from Murfreesboro' to Adams, in Oua-
chita county; which was referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. BRODHEAD submitted additional docu-
ments in support of the claim of Hezekiah Miller
to arrears of pay for services as a clerk in the
War Department; which, with the papers on file,
were referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. CASS. I present the petition of members
of the general committee ofthe German American
Democratic League, of New York. They ask
the passage of the bill making a grant of lands to
actual settlers. I present it with pleasure, be-
cause I have already expressed my approbation
of the principle of the bill. I do not commit my-
self to its details; but I trust a bill like that will
pass the Senate. I believe there can be no better
disposition made of the public lands than to grant
them to persons unable to pay for them, who will
become actual settlers. I move that the petition be
laid on the table.
It was so ordered.
Mr. TOUCEY presented a petition of citizens
of Norwich, Connecticut, praying that the bill
" giving further remedies to patentees," may be-
come a law; which was ordered to lie on the ta-
ble.
Mr. FELCH submitted additional documents
relating to the claim of Joseph Campan to a patent
for certain tend; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. WALKER. I present the petition of over
six hundred citizens of Peoria county, Illinois,
praying that the public lands may be ceded to the
States, and set apart for actual settlement. I be-
lieve the bill which I had the honor to introduce on
that subject has been reported upon adversely by
the Committee on Public Lands, and I believe,
also, that the homestead bill which passed the
House, has been reported upon adversely by that
committee; and as both bills are now pending be-
fore the Senate, I will move, contrary to the re-
quest of the petitioners, that the petition be or-
dered to lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
ORDER OP BUSINESS.
•Mr. MALLORY. I rise to appeal to the cour-
tesy of the Senate on this occasion to enable me
to take up for consideration this morning, during
the morning hour, the bill reported by the honora-
ble Senator from New York [Mr. Seward] at the
last session, from the Committee on Commerce,
" to repeal an act entitled ' An act concerning ton-
nage duties on Spanish vessels.' " I make this ap-
peal because I regard this as a question perhaps
as important as any that can come before this body
at the present session, and because I understand
that .the distinguished Senator from Louisiana
[Mr. Soule] will speak on the subject of Cuba
to-morrow; and I earnestly desire to present a few
practical considerations to the Senate in connec-
tion with the bill which I propose to take up. No
i time can be so appropriate for it as this. If the
Senate will indulge me, I will engage not to take
up a moment of time unnecessarily.
Mr. BADGER. I desire to say to the honor-
able Senator from Florida that there are some of
us who have reports to make from committees,
which we hope to get in this morning. Besides
that, there is a bill from the House of Representa-
i tives " to prevent frauds on the Treasury of the
United States," which I reported from the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary last week with some
amendments. I wish to ask the Senate to take it
up this morning, in order that the amendments
may be acted on and go to the House. I believe
that bill will not take up five minutes.
Mr. HALE. I hope we shall have the morn-
ing hour for the morning business, and then I
shall go with the Senator in taking up his hill.
There are some reports and resolutions which I
think we ought to have an opportunity of offering.
