1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
381
It" che Senator will withdrew his motion for half !
an hour, 1 will go with him.
Mr. MALLORY. 1 withdraw the motion.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 would say to the honorable
Senator from Florida, that the bill he proposes to
take up cannot pass without some discussion. It
involves a question of a great deal of interest, and
cannot eo through without discussion.
Mr. MALLORY. In answer to the honorable
Senator from Massachusetts, I will say to him
that it is discussion which I seek. I am satisfied
the lull will pass if it be discussed. I am not dis-
posed to let it slip from one session to another
without discussion. It was reported at the last
session, and I know it will pass if its merits are
reached. 1 therefore want discussion to com-
mence; hut I withdraw the motion for the present.
Mr. STOCKTON. I now ask the consent of
the Senate to postpone the prior orders, for the
purpose of taking up the bdl " to provide for the
reorganization of the Navy of the United Slates."
1 think it is hardly necessary to say a word in
regard to the importance of that bill, and I do riot
sunpose it will take long to consider it.
Several Senators. Let us have the morning
business.
Mr. HALE. I hare a resolution of inquiry
which i want to present, and I hope the morning
hour will be devoted to the morning business, and
then I may eo with the Senator.
Mr. STOCKTON. I cannot consent to that if
I have enough Senators to allow me to go on
now.
The motion to take up the bill was not agreed
to; there beine, on a division—ayes 14, noes 23.
Mr. STOCKTON. I will make one more ap-
peal to the Senate, and ask them to take up the
bill, for the purpose of making it a special order
for some future day.
The PRESIDENT. If there be no objection,
the Chair will entertain the motion.
Mr. HALE. 1 do not object, but 1 want to
make a statement; it will not occupy more than a
few moments. I hold in my hand a resolution of
inquiry in reference to some matters which I want
to nave investigated, and which have a very im-
portant bearing on that bill. I want to get in this
resolution, and then I will consent to take up the
honorable Senator's bill, and assign any day which
he may wish for its consideration.
Mr. STOCKTON. Very well; I agree to that,
he and withdraw the motion for the present.
WAREHOUSE SYSTEM.
Mr. HUNTER. I give notice that I shall to- I
morrow, during the morning hour, ask the Senate
to take up the bill "to extend the warehousing,
system ,by establishing private bonded warehouses,
and for other purposes," and I think I shall then
be able to show that there is necessity for imme-
diate action on the subject.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEE8.
Mr. SEBASTIAN, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, to which was referred the message of
the President relating to the refusal of the Semi-
nole Indians to remove west of the Mississippi, (
submitted a report; which was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. STOCKTON, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to which was referred the petition of Abigail
Bishop, praying a pension, submitted an adverse
report thereon.
He also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the petition of Mary C. Hamilton,
submitted a report, accompanied by a bill for her
relief; which was read, and passed to the second
readine.
The report was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the petition of John Wickham, sub-
mitted an ndverse report thereon.
Mr. BADGER, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to which was referred the memorial of
Charles Steams, submitted a report, accompanied
by a bill for his relief; which was read and passed
to the second reading.
The report was ordered to be printed.
• Mr. BROOKE, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, to which was referred the petition
of the heirs of Captain John deTreville, submitted
a report, accompanied by a bill for their relief;
which was read, and passed to the second reading.
Mr. GEYER, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to which were referred two manorial! of I.
citizens of Lee county, Iowa, relating to claims to
lands m the Sac and Fox half-breed reservation^,'
submitted an adverse report; which was ordered
to be printed.
POWERS'S STATUE OF AMERICA.
Mr. CHASE gave notice of his intention to ask
leave to introduce a joint resolution authorizing
the President of the United States to purchase
from Hiram Powers his statue of America.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. SEWARD asked and, by unanimous con-
sent, obtained leave to bring in a bill to authorize
the Secretary of the Treasury to issue certificates of
registry or enrollment to American-built vessels in
certain cases; which was read a first and second
time by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. MILLER, agreeably to previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill relating
to dower in the District of Columbia; which was
read a first and second time by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
CUMBERLAND BRIDGE AT NASHVILLE.
Mr. BELL. 1 am charged with the presenta-
tion of a memorial from the Broad Street Bridge
Company, of Nashville, Tennessee. The memo-
rialists set forth that that company, under a charter
of the Legislature of the State of Tennessee, pro-
ceeded to construct a suspension bridge over the
Cumberland river, at Nashville, at an expense of
§107,000. The bridge consists of a single span of
upwards of five hundred feet between the piers. It
is one hundred and five feet above low-water mark,
and seventy-one feet above high-water mark.
The bridge, with these dimensions, has been con-
structed, and has been in operation for sometime.
There is a single steamer concerned in the trade of
that river of one thousand three hundred tons bur-
den. It has been thought proper by her owners
to elevate her chimneys eighty-one feet above high-
water mark; so that in the highest stages of water
the bridge is an obstruction in the running of that
boat. The memorialists request that, under the
circumstances of the case, as there can very rarely
happen a stage of water that can present any very
serious obstruction to that boat, and as then it can
easily be overcome by lowering her chimneys,
Congress will pass alaw legalizing the construction
of the bridge at the site it now occupies, and make
' it a post road of the United States, as it is erected
upon the great connecting line of communication
between the East and Southwest for the mail pass-
ing from Louisville, by way of Nashville, to Mem-
phis, and south of it. I move that the memorial
be referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
The motion was agreed to.
ME8SAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives
was received, by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, announ-
cing that it had concurred in the amendment of the
Senate to the bill for the relief of Charies S. Mat-
thews, Charles Wood, and James Hall. The
message also announced that the House had passed
a bill for the relief of David Myerle.
On motion by Mr. GWIN, the bill was read a
first and second time by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
ABUSES IN THE NAVY.
Mr. HALE. I offer the following resolution:
Remlved, That the Select Committee on Frauds, Abuses,
&c.,be instructed to inquire whether any fee, percentage,
or capitation tai has been levied, charged, or collected of the
seamen, petty officers, or officers of any vessel-of-war of the
United States by any individual or individuals, on the pre-
tense that any act of Congress for their benefit or relief
was passed by the procurement or influence of such indi-
vidual or individuals, and if so, how much was charged or
collected, and was the said pretense on which said money
was charged or received, true or false.
I ask the unanimous consent of the Senate to
consider the resolution at this time; and I wish to
state, in a few words, the facts which I can bring
a number of witnesses whose names I have on a
slip of paper in my hand, to substantiate before
the committee. During the last year we passed
an act granting extra pay to persons in the naval
service on the coast of Mexico and California, and
those engaged in the search for Sir John Franklin.
When the Yincennes and Vandalia, two vessels
the crews of which were entitled to extra pay under
that law, arrived, the purser was informed that
there was a single individual through whose agency
and procurement the act was passed; and a capi-
tation tux on every seamen, petty officer, and offi-
i cer was levied and collected by way of black mail,
to the amount of between #3,000 and $4,000.
This amount was withheld from the sailors by the
purser of those two vessels, and paid over to the
individual who said that he, and he alone, had
procured the passage of the act by Congress.
These facts I can prove by witnesses in this city
at twenty-four hours' notice.
Mr. GWIN. All that I have got to say in reply
is, that the assertion is absolutely false, no matter
where it comes from, because that amendment was
moved by me as chairman of the Committee on
Naval Affairs,and no person ever approached me
having any interest in the question. The propo-
" sition was passed hy a unanimous vote in that
committee, without any human being approaching
us on the subject. We thought it was but an act
of justice to the sailors; and any such imputation
on the committee is false. The amendment could
not have been brought in but through the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs. No influence was exer-
cised on Congress, as far as I know, on the subject,
except through that committee; and the imputation
that any individual influenced the action of the
committee, is absolutely and unconditionally false
from beginning to end. Nobody ever came near
us upon the subject, and I can appeal to my col-
leagues on the committee for the truth of this state-
ment.
Mr. HALE. The very reason why I intro-
duced the resolution, was because I supposed it
was absolutely and infamously false. All I said
was that 1 could prove that that representation
had been made to the poor sailors, and that the
money was withheld from them, and paid over to
certain parties. There are witnesses in this city
by whom these facts can be proved, if you will
give us an investigation before the committee. I
hope the chairman of the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs did not understand me as believing the charge
to be true; but the facts are that this representation
was made.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
REORGANIZATION OF THE NAVY.
Mr. MALLORY. The time has elapsed wh ch
the honorable gentleman from New Hampshire
was kind enough to fix for the consideration of
the bill to repeal an act entitled " An act concern-
ing tonnage duty on Spanish vessels,"and I there-
fore ask the Senate to proceed now to the consid-
eration of that bill.
Mr. STOCKTON. With the consent of the
honorable Senator from Florida, I ask the Sen-
ate now to take up the bill to reorganize the Navy
I of the United States, for the purpose of setting
; apart a particular day for its consideration.
! Mr. MALLORY. I withdraw the motion for
that purpose.
The motion of Mr. Stockton was agreed to,
and the Senate proceeded to consider the bill.
Mr. STOCKTON. I move that the bill be
postponed tilt to-morrow week.
Mr. MASON. I would state to the Senator
from New Jersey that to-morrow week, the first
I of February, has been assigned for the considera-
1 tion of the resolution reported from the Commit-
tee on Foreign Relations concerning the Tehuan-
' tepee grant, which I shall ask the Senate to con-
sider on that day. 1 would therefore suggest to
him to fix some other day.
Mr. STOCKTON. Then I move that we post-
pone the further consideration of the bill, and
make it the special order for Wednesday week
next.
The motion was agreed to.
j TONNAGE DUTY ON SPANISH VESSELS.
Mr. MALLORY. I now ask the Senate to
take up the bill to repeal an act entitled " An act
concerning tonnage duty on Spanish vessels."
Mr. CLARKE. It will be recollected by the
Senate that there was a distinct understanding
that this day, after the morning hour, should be
devoted to the consideration of Executive busi-
ness. As to-morrow seems to be conceded to the
honorable Senator from Louisiana to address the
Senate on a question pending before it, and as
Senators must be aware that it is desirable that
Executive business should be attended to as early
| as possible, I hope nothing will be done to pre-
I vent our going into Executive session at one, or
