1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
883
Spain from her position; and consequently the
more stiingent act of 1834 was introduced, advo-
cated, and passed as a retaliatory and coercive
measure. I will say here, sir, that whatever our
legislation might have been, if we had prohibited
the vessels of Spain from coming within three
miles of the land, if we had madeit a penal offense
for any American merchant to sell a single article
of American produce t6 Cuba, it could not have
attained the end we sought.
Let us examine the provisions of the act of 1834.
It is one of the most remarkable that ever went
upon our statute-book; and I will undertake to say
here, that if the agricultural and manufacturing in-
terests in this country had duly examined its pro-
visions, it would scarcely have received a respect-
able minority in Congress. Let us look at the
effect of it. A Spanish vessel, clearing from the
ports of the United States with a cargo, is required
to give a bond (distinguishing her from the ves-
sels of all nations of the earth, Christian or
heathen) in double the value of the vessel and cargo,
that no^ ortion of that cargo will be landed in Cuba
or Porto Rico. If she refuse to give this bond,
which, as a matter of course, must be the case
when vessels are bound direct to either island, the
collector of the customs at the port from whence
she clears, fs bound by this law to levy upon her
a duty equal to the discrimination made between
her and an American vessel of the same size and
cargo in the ports of Cuba and Porto Rico. To
make this more apparent, let me give you this
illustration.
Let us suppose that a Spanish and American
vessel, each of two hundred tons burden, and each
laden with one thousand barrels of flour, clear
from the port of New York to Cuba. The duties
which the Spanish vessel would pay on her en-
trance into the port of Havana, would be, on both
vessel and cargo, $8,668 75. An American vessel,
entering on the same day, of the Same size and
cargo, would pay precisely $9,843 75; leaving a
difference of $1,175 between the two amounts
which the two vessels would have to pay. There-
fore, when the Spanish vessel clears from the port
of New York, the collector there is called upon to
levy and collect from her, before she leaves, this
sum of $1,175,in addition to all other legal charges;
and this export duty upon the cargo, in addition ,
to the tannage duty, is called a " tonnage duty," I
and amounts precisely to $5 871 per ton upon
every Spanish vessel leaving the ports of the Uni-
ted States under similar circumstances. I might
go further with an illustration of every article of
commerce which enters into the consumption of
that island; but I take the article of flour, because,
in the first place, it is an article of the greatest ne-
cessity, and enters largely into, the consumption
of the island; and because, in the second place,
the Government of Spain is powerless to remit the
discriminating duty on flour. La Mancha and j
Castile have always been great producers of wheat, !
and in the days of Cervantes were called " the
franaries of the world;" and a proposition, in the
panish Cortes, to remit the discriminating duty
on flour, would meet with just about as much favor
as would a proposition at Lowell, or Boston, to
remit the duty on all manufactures of cotton.
The act of 1834 introduced, advocated, and
passed, as a retaliatory and coercive measure, the
object of which was to bring Spain to terms with
us, goes further than any measure of reciprocity.
That act imposed far greates restrictions upon
Spanish tonnage than Spain imposed upon ours;
and just so far as ours exceed liers, its operation
is vindictive and not reciprocal. The Spanish
colonial duties are chiefly ad ralorem; they are so
with the exception of the duty upon flour, and
some few other articles. The duty upon foreign
merchandise, in Spanish bottoms, varies from sev-
enteen and a quarter to twenty-one and a quarter
per cent., and upon the same merchandise in for-
eign vessels, our own included, from twenty-four
and a quarter to thirty-three «id a quarter per cent.
The difference is seven and nine per cent., giving
a mean discrimination of eight per cent, in favor '
of her own productions against all the world be- j
sides. If reciprocity were the only feature sought 1
for by the act of 1834, this discrimination of eight
per cent, would be the limit of our exactions upon
the trade of Cuba; hut such was not the case.
Our tariff of 1842 levied a discriminating duty
upon foreign merchandise in foreign vessels of ten '
per cent. And we collected not only this ten per |
j cent., but the eight per cent., which was the dis-
I crimination in Cuba against us. Our discrimina-
I tion, therefore, amounted to eighteen per cent.,
j whereas that of Cuba against us was but eight
per cent. Let me give another illustration. Our
tariff of 1846 levies a duty of twenty per cent,
upon Cuban coffee in Spanish bottoms, while in
American vessels it is free. In this case our dis-
crimination against Cuba is twenty-eight per cent.,
whilst hers against us is but eightper cent.
' I have already noticed the fact, that Spanish
vessels, clearing from the United States for Spain,
give a bond in double the value of the vessel and
cargo that no portion of that cargo will be landed
in Cuba or Porto Rico. Spanish vessels coming
into our ports take much of our raw cotton. A
large quantity of cotton is consumed in Spain in
1 manufactories there, and from thence returned to
Cuba. The average value of Spanish vessels and
cargoes clearing for Spain from our shores may be
estimated at $50,000. Double the value of the
| vessel and cargo would therefore be $100,000; and
I thus every Spanish vessel is called upon to give a
bond of about this amount before she is suffered
! to depart from our shores.
I It is no part of the business of a factor, or a
j ship's consignee, to sign a bond of this character,
and peril his fortune gratuitously; and a risk of
this kind is not generally undertaken but for a
commission of from one to two and a half per I
cent. Superadded, therefore, to the difficulty of a
ship-master's getting persons to sign the bond for '
film, there is the actual loss of a commission of
from one to three thousand dollars upon cargoes
which go to Old Spain. The act of 1834, though
vindictive in its character, was never designed to
reach the trade between the United States and the
mother country ; but by its operation here we see
how it embarrasses it. Vessels not bound to
Cuba, having no -connection with that island
whatever, are called upon to sustain this loss.
There is still another feature of the aet of 1834
much more odious in its character than any to
! which I have adverted, and one which strikes at
! Spanish pride, and creates more hostility of feel-
ing against us in the Island of Cuba than any
legislation which has ever been had by our Gov- i
ernment. Under the act of 1834, our exactions
' Hpon Spanish tonnage are not fixed and stable.
They are not made to depend upon the amount of
restricflons that Spain places upon us; upon the
favor which she extends to her own shipping, and
our exactions upon Spanish tonnage increase just
in proportion as Spain relieves it from restrictions.
To illustrate this, permit me to put this illustra-
tion. Let us suppose that American, and all other
foreign vessels in Cuba, .pav two dollars per ton as
tonnage duty, and Spanish vessels pay but one
dollar. The discrimination between them is a
dollar, and this dollar is collected on the Spanish
tonnage before it clears from the United States.
But if Spain, still more to benefit her commerce
and encourage her shipping interests, shall think
proper to relieve it entirely from duty, she does
not increase our duty, but the discrimination now
becomes two dollars instead of one. She has not
put any more duty upon our tonnage, but has re-
lieved her own.
i Now, under this act of 1834, we would be called
upon in such case to collect two dollars instead of
one from Spanish tonnage, because she has re-
lieved her own vessels to that extent. What is
I this but a manifest declaration to Spain: " You i
have no merchant marine; you are seeking to build 1
j it up, but every attempt you make to relieve your
i tonnage of a single dollar will be counteracted by
our putting it on before they leave the United
States." In this light has the action of the Amer-
ican Government been viewed by Spain. In this
light has every enlightened merchant and official
of the Island of Cuba regarded it. It is not re-
garded—and I say it confidently—as a mere com-
mercial regulation, but ag an attempt to deal a
death-blow at Spain's effort to favor her merchant
marine at all. I will ask the Secretary to read from
an official Spanish paper, of which I have made
here a liberal translation. It is an extract from
the report of the " Fiscal" to the Captain General
of Cuba, 1844, part second, No. 33, pages 278 to
287, and No. 34, pages 283 to 291.
The Secretary accordingly read as follows:
"To show the injustice of the measure, (alluding to the
act of 1834,) let us compare the imports of the two coun-
tries, (Cuba and the United States.) Our vessels coming
rom the United States pay, on the value of their cargoes,
troui seventeen and one fourth to twenty-one and one fourth
p .r cent., and those of the American*, with the sauie car-
fl.X m lwen,y-tour and one fourth to thirty and ore
covin iper. cellt> the difference between the two is from
£!r cent. ''-TpliHa)"''' giV'"g amean difference of eight
. "The Government of the Union has the indisputable
nrn!!. ?,>,*, rC'SRj 'i discrimination npon our vessels to
protect theirs and the products of their country, as have all
law ' " d0ne 8<?,by Ule e,,actment of this
law > No May it please your Excellency, the American
Government has said that, in addition to the contributions
common to other vessels, those of Spain engaged in the
trade of Cuba and Porto Rico shall pay an additional dutv
equal to the'.difference imposed in these islands between
national and American vessels; that is to say, if foreiirn ves-
sels pay in the United States twenty per cent, more than
American vessels, those of the islands must pay a differen-
tial duty of twenty-eight per cent., a duty which augments
jnstin proportion as we deciease the burdens imposed on
our vessels, though we do not increase those of the Amer-
ican ves-els '.—(Pages 983- 4.)
" In other words, may it please your Excellency, it is
equivalent to the declaration of the American Government
to that of his Majesty : In vain you think to protect your
shipping, even at the cost of the public revenue ; because
just so much as you lighten your burdens upon it, just so
much will we augment ouri upon it! Such a violation of
the rights of nations can hardly be conceived on the part of
a great and liberal Government, and still less that it should
be tolerated by Spain (Ihii.)
" This violation is more flagrant and manifest as it re-
spects exportation!. As to importations, it is very well to
levy equal (not different) duties upon cargoes imported into
both nations reciprocally, because the productions of the
country thus have protection ; but with respect to exhorta-
tions, what motive can the Government of the United States
nave to levy this differential duty, if it be not the extinction
of our shipping, even at the cost of her own productions? 
" Thus, then, if to-morrow our Government shall deem
It right to make a sacrifice of all parts of the imposts upon
our marine, which it now peys, have strangers the right to
receive tlie same in^their ports ? Evidently no, your Excel -
lency! all they can rightfully do is to imitate the Govern-
ment of Spain, and to protecttheir marine at the cost of the
same sacrifice. But to augment the duties on our vessels
in'proportion as we decrease them, when we do not increase
those upon American vessels, and to convert this sacrifice
made by the Spanish Government into a means for its de-
struction, is what has never been pretended to by any other
nation, and cannot be tolerated by Spain without disgrace."
Mr. MALLORY. That is an extract from a
report made by the Fiscal of the Island of Cuba
on its commerce and navigation. It is the univer-
sal language of the officials of the Island of Cuba,
i whenever they speak of the legislation of the
I American Government upon this subject. It is not
considered simply as a commercial regulation in
which dollars and cents only are concerned, but is
regarded as an attempt, an unjustifiable attempt,
on the part of the United States, to break down
every effort on the part of Spain to encourage and
build up her own shipping interest.
I have now given the origin and character of
these odious enactments, conceived, advocated,
and passed, as are all restrictions upon trade, in a
spirit of selfishness; and whenever that spirit is
suffered to influence our legislation, it results, like
those of selfishness in the private affairs of life
generally, in greater evils than are sought to be
averted. As I have remarked, these acts have
, been in force for a period of eighteen years, and
i their results are fully known. The statistics which
they furnish are here on file, after a most laborious
i examination by the Treasury Department. Let
us examine them.
Mr. CLARKE. Will the Senator now allow
; me to make the motion to go into Executive ses-
I sion ?
Mr. MALLORY. I give way, as I promised
to do at any time the Senator desired.
Mr. CLARICE. If the honorable Senator de-
sires a moment, merely to bring his remarks to a
point, I yield. If not, I hope he will give way,
and allow me to make the motion.
Mr. MALLORY. If the Senator will allow
me fifteen minutes, I will endeavor to get through
the first branch of the subject which I am discuss-
ing.
Mr. CLARKE. Very well.
Mr. MALLORY. 1 will, then, shorten myre-
marks, and will now simply consider the results
of these laws. I will call the attention of the Sen-
ate to the fact, that in 1832, when these acts were
passed, the population of Cuba wis seven hun-
dred and fifty thousand, as nearly as could be as-
certained by the authorities of the island; and our
export trade to it, amounted to $5,672,700, and it
had been rapidly increasing, and we werein a fair
way to engross the major part of its trade. Sit-
uated within some-lew hours' sail of a portion of
our territory, and within a few days' sail of our
