386
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 24,
pat it v, or businessqualifications of the committee.
Sir, 1 do not understand the facts of this case pre-
cisely as my friend from New York does. I know
no: what correspondence lie may have had with
the Land Office in regard to this subject.
Mr. JENKINS. Here is the letter to which
I rlluded. It is short. I ask the honorable gen-
tleman to have it read.
Mr. BROWN. 1 know pretty well what it is;
I have one myself similar to it.
This sixteenth section belonged clearly to the
citizens residing in the township where it iies. It
was theirs beyond all question or dispute. But
what did the Government do? They sold the land
to a private individual, received the money for it,
and put it into the Treasury, more than forty
years ago. Well, what does the Commissioner of
the Land Office say? He says, that about the
year 1814, tlie records relating to the ownership
of this section were burned by the British; and
he supposes the case to have been, that the person
to whom the Government sold the lands occupied
it at the time the grant was made to the citizens
of the township, and that, having this priority of
interest, the Government was compelled to allow
him to perfect his title by purchase. He supposes
this right of priority ! He supposes ! What right
has he to suppose any such thing? He gives no
reason for any such supposition. He simply sup-
poses it is so. Why, the supposition of the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office does not in
any way affect the legal right of the parties con-
cerned. These parties acquired their rights under
the act of 1803; yet afterwards, in the year 1812,
the Government sold the lands to a private mdi-
\idual, and received the money for it.
Now, what do they ask Congress to do ? They
ask that you will either refund the money you
have received for the land, or give them other lands
in place of that you have sold; and are you going
to refuse to do it? The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Jenkins] says that by the act of 1826
these parties would have been entitled to anothar
section of land, but they did not choose to take it
in the way which Congress proposed to give it.
Well, sir, what does that act provide for? It
provides that the Secretary of the Treasury may
locate other land, in all cases like the one under
consideration. The people of this township did
not choose to have land located for them in tihs
way. The Secretary of the Treasury knew noth-
ing of their, interests, and cared less. If called i
upon, he no doubt would locate a section of land, i
and he would do it at random. When the people
come to look after it, very likely they would find
it in a swamp, or on some poor ridge, and not
worth a dollar. These parties did not choose to
have their rights trifled with in this way, and
would not accept the offer made in the act of 18^6.
If you pretend to give them land in place of that
which was illegally taken from them in 1812 and
sold, you certainly ought to allow them to locate
it themselves.
Mr. JENKINS, (intemipting.) I think the
gentleman and I misunderstand each other. The J
statute of 1803, to which he has alluded, provided
that where this sixteenth section was occupied by
a person having claim upon it, this land was not
setapart. And what was the result? Why, these 1
parties were left without any selection at all by the
act of 1826, which act related, not to the State of
Mississippi alone, but to the whole United States.
Now, down to this day, when this sixteenth sec-
tion of land is claimed by some other person hav-
ing a right to it, they get their land under this act
of 1826. I see no reason for this special act.
There is no misunderstanding
at ail. The gentleman has assumed as true that
which the Commissioner of the General Land Office
only supposes, that this section of land in 1803 was
occupied by the person who subsequently bought j
and paid for it. I deny the fact, and call for the
proof. My constituents insist that it was not oc-
cupied, but that it was sold in derogation of their
rights, and that theGovemment received the money
for it. ' /
Mr. JENKINS. The petition does not allege
that such was the fact. ° 1
Mr. BROWN. That precise point may not I
have been raised. But they assert their right to '
the land in positive terms, under the act of 1803
and their assertion is inconsistent with the idea i
that it was occupied—occupancy undef the act of
1803 carried with it a right of preemption. But ■
if the gentleman will allow me to state my case, I
will be obliged to him.
I was saying that the people in that vicinity—
in that township, were not willing that the Secre-
taiy of the Treasury, about whom they knew
nothing personally, and who could have no partic-
ular regard for their interest, should locate a section
of land for them, in place of that which had been
taken from them and sold. They did not think
proper to take any section the Secretary might
think proper to locate in their name. He might
locate it in some remote corner of the country,
where it would cost more to look after than it was
worth. Can you blame people for not parting with
valuable possessions under their eyes, and take the
doubtful chances of being remunerated in the way
proposed ?
But, sir, you have sold the land and got the
money for it, and now my people ask that you
will either refund the money or authorize them to
locate another section of land. Is there anything
unreasonable in that ? Is it not the very least they
can ask? They know their legal rights. They
know that they can, by bringing an act of ejectment,
exptl the present occupants from the land. You
had no right to sell it in derogation of their rights.
But they do not choose to resort to that extreme
remedy. They look to Congress for justice. Shall
they look in vain ? That is the question.
Now for the act of 1831. It seems that six years
after the passage of the act of 1626, Congress had
this subject under consideration, and came to the
conclusion that injustice had been done to these
parties. And notwithstanding the existence of the
act of 1826, they passed a special act authorizing
the location of a section of land in lieu of this six-
teenth; but by a singular mistake, they author-
ized its location for the benefit of the schools of
Lawrence county. This special grant under this
act of 1831, was not, as you perceive, confined to
the township to which the sixteenth section prop-
erly belonged, but it was made to the whole of Law-
rence county, including some forty townships or
more. It would therefore have to be divided be-
tween forty or fifty townships. It was giving to
fifty what only belonged to one. This was never
asked. What we ask is this: that you will either J
refund the money you have received forthis land, j
with the interest since it was sold, some forty j
years ago, or else that you will allow the parties ;
interested to locate another section in small sub- !
| divisions of, say eighth or fourth of a section,
I wherever they may be found unoccupied and of |
suitable quantity. We make the proposition for '
subdivisions, because, at this late day, the public
| lands have been culled and picked until a solid
section is not to be found worth having. We ask ,
for small lots of, say eighths of a section, or quar-
ter sections, so that putting them together, a sec-
tion may be made out that will be worth some-
thing.
Now, to return to the complaint of the gentle- !
man from New York, [Mr. Jenkins,] that the
withdrawal of this case from his committee was
discourteous or unkind, I take occasion to report :
j again what 1 said before; and I hope it may be re- j
membered, for I mean to move, before I sit down, j
to laj^the gentleman's motion to reconsider upon
the table—that I intend to do no injustice to him
or to his committee. I intended no slight to and '
one. I simply desired that the committee, which |
already has a number of similar propositions under j
consideration, should also have this. I hoped
they might report them all in one bill, or, more ,
properly speaking, provide for them all in one j
bill. I wanted this done for the purpose of saving
time, and economizing the labor of the House.
That was my object, and it was my only object, j
I move to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table.
The question was taken, and the motion was
not agreed to. i
The question then recurred upon the motion to
reconsider; and, being taken, it was agreed to.
So the vote by which the bill was taken from
the Committee on Private Land Claims and re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands was |
reconsidered.
The question then recurred upon the motion to I
discharge the Committee on Private Land Claims j
from the further consideration of the bill. j
Mr. JENKINS. I would remark that the pe- j
tition was originally referred to the Committee on |
Private Land Claims. !
The SPEAKER. The bill is still before that
! committee, the vote by which they were discharged
from its further consideration having been recon-
sidered. The motion is now pending to withdraw
the papers in the case from that committee.
Mr. JENKINS. I move to lay that motion
upon the table.
The motion was agreed to.
GENERAL ROBERT ARMSTRONG.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. I am instructed
by the Committee on Invalid Pensions to ask the
unanimous consent of the House to take from the
Speaker's table, Senate bill No. 193, for the re-
lief of Robert Armstrong. If the House will in-
dulge me in having a short extract from a letter
of General Jackson read, I am sure there will be
no objection.
Mr. ALLISON. I object.
Mr. HARRIS. I hope the Housewill at least
allow the letter to be read.
Mr. GOODENOW. I object.
Mr. HARRIS. I move to suspend the rules
for the purpose of taking up the bill. It has been
before Congress for a long time.
Mr. CABLE, of Ohio. I call for the reading of
the bill.
The bill was then read through by the Clerk for
information.
The question now being upon the motion to sus-
pend the rules, upon a division forty-six rose in
the affirmative.
Mr. HARRIS. I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. NcNair and
Lockhaut were appointed.
The question was then taken,and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 49, noes not counted.
So (two thirds not votingin the affirmative) the
rules were not suspended.
BROWN, RUSSELL AND CO.
Mr. MILLER. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to take from the Speaker's.table,
Senate bill No. 493, for the relief of Brown, Rus-
sell & Co. It is a case of very great hardship,
and I should be extremely gratified if the House
would take it up and act upon it. The bill is very
short, and I ask that it be read for information.
The bill was read through by the Clerk.
, Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. I object to its
being taken up.
Mr. MILLER. I move to suspend the rules
for the purpose.
The question was put; and, upon a division,
there were 61 in the affirmative.
Mr. MILLER. I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Williams
and Gaylord were appointed.
The question was then taken;'and the tellers
reported—ayes 66, noes not counted.
So (two thirds not voting in the affirmative) the
rules were not suspended.
ABIGAIL STAFFORD.
Mr. STRATTON. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to take from the Speaker's
table, Senate bill No. 487, for the relief of Mrs.
Abigail Stafford.
Mr. GOODENOW. I object.
Mr. STRATTON. I move to suspend the rules.
Mr. ORR. I hope the bill will be taken up.
That lady has been waiting here five years.
The question was taken, and the rules were sus-
pended—ayes 95, noes not counted.
The bill was accordingly taken up and read a
first and second time by its title.
It provides that the Secretary of the Treasury
be directed to pay to Mrs. Abigail Stafford $2,000
for supplies furnished the army in the revolu-
tionary war and services rendered by her father,
Henry Smith, of Massachusetts, to be paid upon
principles of justice and equity.
Mr. STRATTON. I move to put the bill upon
its passage.
The SPEAKER. The bill makes an appropri-
ation, and under the rules it must be considered
in the Committee of the Whole House, unless the
rule requiring it to go there be suspended.
Mr- STRATTON. I move to suspend the rule
requiring it to be first considered in the Committee
of the Whole.
The question was put, and the rule was sus-
pended.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time, and having been engrossed, was
read the third time and passed.
