388
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 24,
inserting any provision in it which would draw a
dollar from "the general Treasury. We consider J
ourselves, as long as that office is defectively
represented before the public, as it is in this miser- !
able mockery of the publication of its transac-
tions, in duty bound to dedicate its own treasury
to the publication of its own transactions.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Jones] supposes that this bill con-
tains an appropriation as understood by the rules.
The Chair differs with the gentleman. It does
not appropriate money out of the general Treas-
ury, as the Chair understands it. It is not neces-
sary, therefore, that it shall be referred.
Mr. JONES. Where does it come from ?
The SPEAKER. It sets apart a portion of the
Patent Office fund already provided for by law.
Mr. JONES. That fund is in the Treasury of
the United States. But, waiving that question, I
do not know, nor can the gentleman tell us, what
will be the cost of the engraving of all these mod-
els which are brought into that office. It is a very
popular doctrine, and a very common one here,
that when anything desirable is to be done, it
should be paid out of a particular fund. A few
years ago, when all the postages were to be re-
duced, the Post Office was to defray the expense
through the augmented correspondence of the
country.
Mr. CARTTER. Did not the very bill to
" which you allude provide for meeting the expense
out of the general Treasury ?
Mr. JONES. Yes, sir, to meet a temporary
deficiency, while the thing was getting under way.
Notwithstandingthat temporary deficiency, we are
now called upon by the Department to appropriate
an additional §500,000 out of the Treasury, to
meet the deficiency of the current year ending the
30th of June. We are further called upon by the
Post Office Department, to appropriate <$1,800,000
out of the Treasury, to meet the anticipated defi-
ciency in the revenues of the Post Office Depart-
ment for the next year. Suppose there were not
sufficient funds in the Patent Office to meet the
expenses which are contemplated by this bill, !
then Congress would have to foot the bill. Would ;
gentlemen pretend that this would not be the argu- I
ment? Does not the gentleman know that it iscer- !
tain, if you impose burdens upon it beyond its '
ability to meet them, the expense must of necessity
come out of the Treasury of the United States? I
do not know that I shall- be opposed to the bill
when I shall understand all of its provisions, and
helve had time to examine it; but not understand-
ing it at present, I wish to refer it, and I hope
that the House will do so.
Mr. CARTTER. The bill provides for paying
an engraver a salary of $1,200 out of the Patent
Office fund. I think it will be time enough, when
we have overreached that fund, and run into illim-
itable expenses to provide against it. I am will-
ing, however, to rest the bill with the House.
Every member here can appreciate the necessity
of its passage, and with a view of putting an end
to the discussion, I will call for the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The question recurring first upon Mr. Jones's
motion to refer the bill, it was taken and decided
in the negative.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time, and having been engrossed, it
was read a third time.
The question now being, " Shall the bill pass?"
Mr. STUART demanded the previous question;
which was seconded, and the main question or-
dered to be put.
The question was then taken, and the bill was
passed.
Mr. CARTTER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed, and to lay the mo-
tion to reconsider upon the table; which latter mo-
tion was agreed to.
COMPENSATION OF THE REPORTERS.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House to submit the follow-
ing resolution, regulating the Reporters of the
House, which I suppose will meet the approba-
tion of members when read.
The resolution was then read, as follows:
Resolved, That from the commencement of the present
section of Congresf, and hereafter, there be paid out of the
contingent fund of the House, to the chief Reporter for the |
Congressional Globe, the sum of eighreen hundred dollars I
($l,b00) per annum, and to each ot his associate Report- 1
ers, not to exceed six in number, the sum of sixteen hun-
dred dollars ($t,600) per annum : Provided, That the sum
of seven dollars and fifty cents per column, now paid to
John C. Rives, for reporting and publishing the debates of
this House, be, and the same hereby is reduced to four dol-
lars per column.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object.
Mr. STEPHENS. I move that the rules be
suspended for the purpose.
Mr. JONES. 1 demand the yeas and nays upon
that motion.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. CLARK demanded tellers upon the yeas
and nays; which were ordered; and Messrs. Da-
vis of Indiana, and Wilcox were appointed.
The House was divided, and the tellers reported
only 21 in the affirmative. So the yeas and nays
were not ordered.
The question was then taken on the motion to
suspend the rules, and on a division, there were
—ayes 81, noes 42.
There not being two thirds voting in the affirm-
ative, the rules were not suspended.
TERRITORIAL BUSINESS.
Mr. STUART. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to submit a resolution, setting apart
Tuesday and Wednesday, the 8th and 9th of Feb-
ruary, for the consideration of territorial business.
Mr. EVANS. I object.
Mr. STUART. Then I move to suspend the
rules, so as to enable me to introduce it.
Several Members. What is your proposition ?
Mr. STUART. It is simply to appropriate
Tuesday and Wednesday, the 8th and 9th of
February, to the consideration of Territorial busi-
ness.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would suggest
to the gentleman to modify his resolution so as to
say Monday and Tuesday, the 7th and 8th of
February.
Many Members. That would be better. '
| Mr. STUART. I will accept of that modifica-
j tion.
J The question was then put; and two thirds
I voting in the affirmative, the rules were suspended.
The question recurred on the adoption of the
resolution.
Mr. HOUSTON. I understand that the gen-
i tleman has made it read Monday and Tuesday,
j Mr. STUART. Yes, I have accepted that
i modification.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. It istoo late to
i changethe resolution now, after we have suspend-
i ed the rules.
1; The SPEAKER. The gentleman modified his
] resolution before the rules were suspended.
Mr. JOHNSON. Then I shall vote against it,
for one. It provides us with no day on which we
can suspend the rules in place of the Monday
which is to be devoted to territorial business.
The SPEAKER. It is for the House to de-
termine whether or not they will make the special
order. It will require a vote of two thirds.
! Mr. FICKLIN. Is it in order to move to
amend the resolution so as to set apart the two
following days for the business of the District of
Columbia?
The SPEAKER. It can only be done by unan-
imous consent.
Mr. STUART. I demand the previous ques-
tion on the resolution.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Is it in order
to move to amend the resolution by substituting
W ednesday, the 9th of February, for Monday, the
7th?
The SPEAKER. It is not in order, because
the previous question has been demanded.
Mr. JOHNSON. Will it be in order if the
previous question is not seconded ?
The SPEAKER. It will.
Mr. JOHNSON. Then I hope the previous
question will be voted down.
The question was then put, and the previous
q^stion was not seconded.
mr. STUART. I have no objection that the
resolution should be amended as the gentleman
from Arkansas suggests. I modified it at the re-
quest of a number of gentlemen around me.
Mr. JOHNSON. Very well, sir. I move to
j amend the resolution by striking out Monday, the
7th, and inserting Wednesday, the 9th.
! The amendment was agreed to.
The question was then put upon the resolution
as amended, and (two thirds voting in the affirm-
ative) it was agreed to.
HEIR OF JOHN DE NEUFVII.LE AND SON.
Mr. DUNHAM. 1 ask the unanimous consent
of the House to take up from the Speaker's table,
joint resolution of the Senate No. 51, " for the re-
lief of the heirs of John De Neufville & Son."
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object.
Mr. DUNHAM. Then I move to suspend the
rules for the purpose of taking it up; and I will
say that [ should be very glad to have the resolu-
tion taken up, if for no other purpose than to have
it referred to a Committee of the Whole House.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would ask the
gentleman from Indiana if a bill was not passed
during the last Congress to pay this very claim ?
[Shouts of " Order!"]
The SPEAKER. Discussion is not in order.
The question was then taken on Mr. Dun-
ham's motion, and (two thirds not voting in the
affirmative) it was not agreed to.
So the rules were not suspended.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The question was put; and on a division there
were—ayes 63, noes 83.
So the motion was not agreed to.
JOHN W. QUINNEY.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House to have taken up and
put upon its passage Senate bill No. 371, "to
confer on John W. duinney, a member of the
Stockbridge tribe of Indians, the rights of citizen-
ship of the United States, and for other purposes."
There being no objection, the bill was taken
from the Speaker's table and read a first and sec-
ond time by its title.
Several Members. Read the bill.
The Clerk read the bill through.
Mr. JOHNSON. That is a long bill, and as
the House may not have fully understood it from
the reading, I will briefly state the substance of it.
It gives to this old Indian the rights of citizenship
amongst us, so that he may be protected by our
laws and be able to resort to them. In the next
place, it enables him to retain the land upon which
he has lived. The United States have, for the
third or fourth time, bought out his tribe to start
them further west again, and he is unwilling to
leave the place where he now lives. He is a good,
honest, intelligent, and educated old man, and he
has been one of the great means of bringing his
tribe forward to a state of civilization, and they are
notoriously among the best of the Indian tribes.
We have seen this old man walking up and down
the streets here for the last twelve or eighteen
months, with too much modesty—a virtue but
seldom possessed nowadays—to speak to the mem-
bers of this House with regard to his case, except
to one or two.
Mr. MILLSON. Will the gentleman yield me
the floor for a moment ?
Mr. JOHNSON. No, sir; I shall not give the
gentleman a chance to make a constitutional
speech if I can help it. [Laughter.] The bill also
provides that the old man shall be allowed to re-
ceive so much out of the annuities due to his tribe
as the headmen and chiefs of that tribe shall say
he is entitled to, and no more. These are the en-
tire provisions of the bill, and to avoid a constitu-
tional speech about these matters, and believing
that we can do what the Senate have done—ana
they have passed this bill—1 move the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered to be now put.
The bill was then ordered to a third reading,
and was subsequently read the third time.
[Here a message was received from the Presi-
dent of the United States, by the hands of Mil-
lard P. Fillmore, Esq., his Private Secretary,
announcing that he had approved and signed sun-
dry bills: also a communication in writing.]
Mr. JOHNSON. Is the previous question ex-
hausted ?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. JOHNSON. I call for the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
The previous question received a second, and
the main question was ordered to be put.
