390
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 25,
Mr. SMART. I object.
The SPEAKER. As there is great difficulty
with the Clerk in arranging the bills which have
been transposed from their proper places by gen-
tlemen looking over them, it' it is the pleasure of
the House, they will be read from the Calendar
of the House.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Are the billsupon
the Calendar Senate bills ?
The SPEAKER. They are, and they are reg-
ularly arranged on the Calendar.
Mr. JONES. We should save time if wewere
to refer them all to the regular standing commit-
tees. By referring some of them to Committees
of the Whole House, we give them precedence
over all other bills which have heretofore come
from the Senate, and been referred to the standing
committees, where they are locked up, for the
reason that the committees cannot get an oppor-
tunity to report.
The next bill on the Calendar coming up in
order, was Senate bill No. 204, An act for the re-
lief of Guion & McLaughlin. Referred to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House.
SAate bill No. 207. An act for the relief of
Theodore E. Elliott.
A Member. I move to refer this bill to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I propose to dis-
cuss that bill, and it will go over under the rule.
Mr. STUART. The gentleman's position is
not taken under the resolution. The question
wrhetlier a bill shall go to one committee or to
another will not carry a bill over under the reso-
lution.
The SPEAKER. The resolution in substance
certainly was that the House proceed to the pri-
vate business upon the Speaker's table and dispose
of such as do not give rise to debate. Now, if the
gentleman proposes to discuss it, how is it possible
for the Chair to hold that it can be considered at all?
Mr. STUART. But it cannot be in order to
rise and object to a bill going to a particular com-
mittee, and claim thereby that the bill goes over.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman proposed to
discuss the hill.
Mr. STUARf- The resolution under which
we are acting is to go to the Speaker's table and
take up private bills and refer them, and not to
take up bills which admit of discussion. A bill
may be referred to-one or the other committee,
and that question may be taken and stated to the
House, but the question shall not be debated, and
you cannot put the bill upon its passage.
The SPEAKER. Under the rule, the gentle-
man has a right to discuss the proposition to refer,
as well as to pass the bill. The Chair does not
gee how he can do otherwise than to pass over a
bill, the reference of which the gentleman proposes
to discuss.
Mr. ORR. Would it not be in order, when a
bill is read twice, for the friends of that bill to
move to refer it to a Committee of the Whole
House, and upon that demand the previous ques-
tion ? Then it would not be cut off by the propo-
sition to debate.
The SPEAKER. That is a proposition which
the Chair will decide when it arises.
Mr. /ONES. That would be a violation of the
understanding of the House, when we proceeded
to the private business on the Speaker's table.
Mr. BOCOCK. I move that the House ad-
journ.
[Cries of "No!" "No!"]
The question was taken, and there were—ayes
52, noes 74.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The next bill that came up in order was—
Senate bill No. 208. An act for the relief of Bar-
bara Reily.
Mr. ORR. I move to refer that bill to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House, and upon that I de-
mand the previous question.
Tellers were demanded on seconding the demand
for the previous question; and they were ordered.
Messrs. Polk and Cartter were appointed.
The House was then divided, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 61, noes 24; no quorum voting.
On motion by Mr. McMULLIN, the House
adjourned until to-morrow at twelve o'clock, m.
PETITIONS, &e.
The following petitions and memorials were presented
under the rale, and referred to tbe appropriate committees:
By Mr. PENN : The petition of A. G. I'enn, praying
to extend preemption rights lo unreserved lands, mid for
other purposes.
By Mr. Al.LEV, of Illinois: The petition of Richard
Deacon and other citizens of Jackson county, Illinois,
fur a mail route Iruin Murph}sborougli. Jackson count}, Il-
linois, by way of Carbondule, to Marion, in Williamson
county, Illinois.
By Mr. KUilNS : The petition of William Greenlee, of
Westmoreland county. Penns)lvania, prajni" tor relief.
By Mr. SL'UDDEll: The petmon ot Klias Wells and
otilers, of Sandwich, Massachusetts, stating their views of
war, and asking that the Government in future treaties may
make provision for referring all national ditiiculties to um-
pires, when tliev cannot be settled by amicable negotiations.
Also, the pennon of widow Susan Worth, stepmother of
the laie General Worth, and mother of the late Captain
Joseph S. Worth, of the United Stales Army, stating her
age and destitute circumstances, and asking the allowance
of a pension.
By Mr. STANTON, of Ohio: The petition and accom-
panying papers ot Robert Irons, of Logan county,_Ohio,
for a pension for military services from the year 1789 to
1794, in the Indian wars in Western Virginia.
By Mr. BABCOCK: The petition of the Mayor and Com-
mon Council of the city of Oswego, praying tor a tuither
appiopriation to complete the pier at Oswego.
B\ Mr. HAWS: The memorial of Christian Hansen, of
New York, proposing to enter into a contract with the Gov-
ernment for earning the United States mails in steamers
from the city ot Kiel, or Lubeck, to St. Petersburg!!, in
Russia, so as to connect with the proposed line to Gluck-
stadt, on the Elbe, and the Bremen line.
By Mr. CH AST A IN : The memorial of John Langly and
other Cherokee Indians east, praying Congress (or a pro
rata share of the money due them under the treaty ol" 1836,
and for a speedy adjustment of the claims of the Cherokces
east.
By Mr. HIBBARD: The memorial of C. Ludwig Rich-
ter, asking compensation lor services rendered by linn in
the casting of the eqnestmn statue ot General Jackson,
and lor other objects specitied therein.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, January 25, 1853.
Prayer by the Rev. James Gallaher. "
During Executive session yesterday, the Pres-
ident pro tern, laid before the Senate a message
from the President of the United States, transmit-
ting, in reply to a resolution of the Senate, cei tain
correspondence on the subject of Central America;
which was referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations, and ordered to be printed.
Also, a message from the President, communi-
cating, in reply to a resolution of the Senate, the
award of the Prince-President of France in the
matter of the claim of the United States against
Portugal, for the loss of the brig General Arm-
strong; which was ordered to lie on the table, and
be printed.
The PRESIDENT pro tem. laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Secretary of War, showing
the expenses of the national armories, and the
number of arms and appendages made and re-
paired thereat during the year ending 30th Jure,
1852; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. SEWARD. I present the petition of resi-
dents of New York, praying that Congress may
! take such measures as shall be proper and effective
to secure to American citizens, residing or travel-
ing in foreign countries, the enjoyment of the right
of conscience and public worship, and protection
in the same, such as is granted and secured by the
Constitution and laws of the United States to the
foreigners within the United States; which I ask
may be referred to the Committee on Foreign Re-
lations.
It was so referred.
Mr. SEWARD also presented a petition of citi-
zens of New York and Brooklyn, praying that a
contract may be made with Christian Hansen for
, the transportation of the United States mails be-
I tween Brooklyn and Gluckstadt,and between Kiel
! and St. Petersburg; which was referred to the
Committeee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Also, two petitions of citizens of WestTroy,
New York, praying that the bill giving further
remedies to patentees may become a law; which
were ordered to lie pn the table. '
Mr. BRADBURY presented a petition of citi-
zens of Vassalboro', Maine, praying the adop-
tion of measures for the amicable adjustment of
\ international difficulties; which was referred to the
I Committee on Foreign Relations,
i Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of citizens
of Sandwich, Massachusetts, praying the adoption
i of measures for the amicable adjustment of inter-
I national difficulties; which was referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, presented the petition of
Henry M. Rice, praying remuneration for ex-
penses incurred m subsisting certain Winnebago
Indians, and in preventing them from returning to
the States of Wisconsin and Iowa; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
WAREHOUSING SYSTEM.
Mr. HUNTER. I gave notice yesterday that
I would ask the unanimous consent of the Senate
this morning to take up, during the morning hour,
the bill " to extend the warehousing system by
establishing private bonded warehouses and for
other purposes." If the Senate shall indulge me
in this wish, I will pledge myself that„if it give
rise to any opposition, I shall willingly lay it
aside for another time. I hope, however, that it
I will pass through without any opposition.
Mr. DAVIS. I shall not oppose taking up the
bill, but I shall feel obliged if the honorable Sen-
ator would let it lie until to-morrow.
Mr. HUNTER. I cannot resist the request of
the Senator from Massachusetts, and I will con-
sent not to make the motion until to-morrow.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. SHIELDS, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to which were referred the following
bills from the House of Representatives, reported
j back the same, without amendment:
An act to provide for the payment of the com-
panies of Captains Bush, Price, and Suarez, for
military services in Florida; and
An -act for the relief of the heirs-at-Iaw of An-
thony G. Willis, deceased.
He also, from the same committee, reported a
bill to provide for raising an additional regiment
of cavalry; which was read, and passed to the sec-
j ond reading.
He also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the petition of James D. Cobb, pray-
■ ing to be restored to the Army, from which he
had been dismissed by the sentence of an illegal
I court-martial, and to be allowed arrears of pay,
J asked to be discharged from the further consider-
i ation thereof; which was agreed to.
j He also, from the same committee, to which
were referred various memorials on the subject of
abolishing the office of chaplain in the public ser-
| vice, asked to be discharged from the further con-
sideration thereof; which was agreed to.
j Mr. JONES, of Iowa, from the Committee on
| Tensions, to which was referred the petition of
Silas Messenger, praying a pension, submitted a
j report, accompanied by a bill for his relief; which
was read and passed to the second reading. The
report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. FELCH, from the Committee on Public
i Lands, to which was referred the petition of Jo-
seph Mitchell, praying compensation for services
1 in the war of 1812 with Great Britain, submitted
! a report, accompanied b> a bill for his relief;
1 which was read, and passed to the second reading.
The report was ordered to be printed,
j LAND GRANTS IN OREGON,
j Mr. FELCH. A short time ago 1 made a re-
| port from the Committee on Public Lands, on a
bill from the House of Representatives " to amend
an act entitled « An act to create the office of sur-
| veyor general of the public lands in Oregon, and
to provide for the Burvey, and to make donations
I to the settlers of the said public lands,' approved
September 27, 1850." I wish to ask the Senate
| to take up that bill this morning, for the purpose
' of recommitting it to the Committee on Public
i Lands. That committee have a meeting to-mor-
! row morning, and I desire to have action upon
; this subject at that time.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate ac-
cordingly proceeded to consider the bill,
j On motion by Mr. FELCH, it was recommitted
to the Committee on Public Lands.
[ BOUNTY LAND WARRANTS.
I Mr. BORLAND. On the 18th of this month,
a memorial fcom Sarah Bruister and Irene How-
ard , with reference to bounty land warrants, was*
referred to the Committee on Public Lands. It
was accompanied by a letter from the Pension
Office, dited in October last, giving aconstruction
to the act of March 22,1852, making bounty land
warrants assignable, and extending the bounty
ii land system. The decision of the Pension Office
