1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
391
upon an application for bounty land warrants
under that law whs, that the widows and minor
children or soldiers provided for in it were exclud-
ed . Th is memorial is one asking Congress to
amend lhat law, so as to extend its benefits to the
widows ami minor children ot' deceased soldiers.
Since that time, however, the decision of the
Pension Olfice has been reversed. I myself made
application for bounty land for a widow, and the
claim was rejected upon the same ground as this
was, and 1 took an appeal from that decision to
the Secretary of the Interior, and the case was
again sent to the Pension OtKce;and the Commis-
sioner of Pensions reversed the former decision,
and now issues land warrants to widows and mi-
nor children, under the act of 22d March, 13o2.
Under tins state of things, the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands have instructed me to move that they
be discharged from the further consideration of
tins memorial.
1 have been thus particular in stating the facts
in relation to the decision in this case, because
many hundreds and perhaps thousands of widows
and chitdien who have been hitherto excluded by
the decision of the Pension Office, will now come
in, that decision having been reversed, and re-
ceive bounty land warrants. I have made these
remarks, and been thus particular, in ordertogive
general notice that they are provided for.
The motion to discharge the committee was
agreed to.
CONTINUANCE OF HALF PAY.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee of Con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the bill of the Senate " to continue half pay
to certain widows and orphans," submitted a re-
port, by which it appeared that the committee had
agreed to strike out the proviso of the House,
which was to include the widows and orphans of
soldiers of the Florida war and the war of 1812,
and to insert in lieu of it:
'• That the set approved the-22d of February, 1849, grant-
in? five years' hall paj to certain widows and orphans of of-
ficers, non commissioned officers, musicians, and privates,
both regular and volunteer, be so extended and construed
as to embrace the widows and minor heirs of the officers,
Bon commissioned officers, musicians, and privates of the
regulars and volunteers of the war of 1«12, and all the va-
rious Indian wars since 1790."
And the committee also agreed to recommend
the striking out of the word "soldiers," in the
Senate amendment to the House amendment to
that bill, and the adoption of that amendment as
amended.
The report was agreed to, and the bill was '
amended accordingly.
The striking out of the word " soldiers" in the
Senate's amendment was merely a verbal amend-
ment.
PERMANENT ARSENALS, ETC.
Mr. SHIELDS submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous consent,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested to in-
quire into the expediency of establishing a permanent ar-
senal and general dcp.t of arms for the Pacific coast; another
for the eoa-t of the Mexican Gulf; another for the southern
Atlantic; and another for the northern Atlantic and the
lakes; and if, upon inquiry, he shall find that these, or some
such * -tablishmetits are necessary, he shall proceed to
make"3!l the investigations necessary for the judicious selec-
non of such sites as shall be most safe, eligible, and acces-
sible lor the purpose of the military defease of these re-
spective portions of our coast and frontier.
THE .CLAYTON-BULWER TREATY.
Mr. CASS submitted the following resolution
for consideration:
Resolved, That lbs Committee on Foreign Relations be
instructed to inquire aDd report whether any measures, and
if any, what, should be taken by the Senate in relation to
the declaration annexed to the ratification on the part of
Great Britain of the treaty concluded between that country
and the United States, April 19, 1850; and to the letter of
the Secretary of State to the British Minister on the ex-
change of the ratifications.
ME88A6E FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives
was received, by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, announ-
cing that it had passed the following bills from the
Senate:
An act granting a pension to Mrs. Ann C. Bel-
knap;
An act for the relief of Nathan Weston, jr., late
additional paymaster in the United States Army;
An act for the relief of Abigail Stafford; and
Also, that it had passed the following bill from (
the Senate, with amendments:
An act to confer on John W. Quinney, a mem- !
ber of the Stockbridge tribe of Indians, the rights
of citizenship of the United States, and for other
purposes.
Also, that it had passed a bill with the follow-
ing title:
An act resulating the reports of the Patent Office, and
providing for additional otfieers therein.
FRAUDS ON THE TREASURY.
Mr. BADGER. I now ask the Senate to be
kind enough to take up for consideration the
House bill " to prevent frauds upon the Treasury
of the United States," which was reported by me ,
a few days ago from the Committee on the Judi- !
ciary, with certain amendments. It is very im- 1
portant lhat those amendments should be sent back
to the House as early as possible, if the Senate
agree to them, as I hope it will. It will take but
a few minutes to act upon the bill. 1 move it be
taken up.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to its consid-
eration.
The first section, which was unchanged by the
committee, provides:
" Be it enacted, i c., That all transfers and assignments
hereafter made of any claim upon the Tinted States, or any
part or share thereof, or interest therein, whether absolute
or conditional, and whatever may be the consideration
therefor; and all powers of attorney, orders, or other au-
thorities, for receiving payment of any such claim, or any
part or share thereof, shall be absolutely null and void, un-
less the same shall he freely made and executed in the
presence of at least two attesting witnesses, alter the al-
lowance of such claim, the ascertainment of the amount
due. and the issuing ot a warrant lor the payment there-
of."
The first amendment reported from the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary was, in the second section,
to strike out the words, "shall receive any gratu-
ity from any claimant against the United States, I
or agree to receive, or receive, except by inherit- !
ance, bequest, or marriage, any share or pecuniary i
interest m any claim against the United States, 1
or;" to strike out the words " for the trial of crimes
and misdemeanors," and insert in their place the
word " thereof;" to strikeout " twice the amount
ef gratuity, fee, or compensation received by the !
person so convicted," and insert, in lieu thereof, ;
"$5,000."
The section in its original form, and as proposed
to be amended, is as follows:
Sec. 2. jlud be it further enacted, That any officer of
the United States, or person holding any place of trust or
profit, or discharging any official function, under, or in con-
nection with, any Executive Department of the Govern-
ment of the United States, or under the Senate or House of '
Representatives of the United States, who, after the pas- , f
sage of this act, shall- receive any gratuity from any claim-
ant against the United States, or agree to receive, or re-
ceive, except by inheritance, bequest, or marriage, any share
or pecuniary interest in any claim against the United <
States, or shall act as an agent or attorney for prosecuting
any claim against the United States, or shall in any man ,
ner, or by any means otherwise than in the discharge of ]1
his proper official duties, aid or assist in the prosecution or
support of any such claim or claims, shall be liable to in-
dictment, as for a misdemeanor, in any court of the United
States having jurisdiction for the trial of crimes and mis-
demeanors; [thereof;] and, on conviction, shall pay a fine
not exceeding twice the amount of gratuity, fee, or com-
pensation received by the person so convicted, [§5,000,] or
suffer imprisonment in the penitentiary not exceeding one
year, or both, as the court, in its discretion, shall adjudge.
Mr. BADGER. If the Senate will give me its
attention for one moment, 1 will explain what that
amendment means. The second section of the
bill, as it is proposed to be amended by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciarv, will be a section as passed
by the Senate at the last session, in a bill which
1 had the honor to introduce, and which was
carefully examined and reported from the Com-
mittee on Claims by the Senator from Pennsylva-
nia, [Mr. Brodhead.] The House has taken
the section of that bill, and has passed it in a bill
entitled " An act to prevent frauds upon theTreas-
ury of the United States;" but it has introduced
into it the words " shall receive any gratuity from
'' any claimant against the United States, or agree
' to receive, or receive, except by inheritance, be-
' quest, or marriage, any share or pecuniary inter-
'est in any claim against the United States."
Those, with the subsequent words, have the effect
of authorizing the Executive officers to prosecute
claims against the United States, unless they are
paid for it; whereas the intention of the section,
as it passed the Senate, was to prohibit their in-
terference, when they held office, in prosecuting ,
claims, whether with or without compensation.
The intention of the committee is to restore the
section so that it may have that effect.
The amendment was agreed to.
1 he committee next proposed to amend the
third section in the same manner as the second.
That section as it came from the House is as
follows:
" Skc. 3. Jlnd be it further enacted, That any Senator or
Representative 111 Congress who, after the passage of tins
net, shall receive any gratuity from any claimant n«iiinat
the United states, or agree to receive, or receive except
by inheritance, bequest, or marriage, any share or pecu-
niary interest in any claim against the United States or
shall, for compensation paid or to be paid, certain or con-
tingent, act as agent or attorney for prosecuting any claim
or claims against the United States, or shall in any manner
or by any means, tor such compensation, aid or assist in
the prosecution or support of tiny such claim or claims
shall be liable to indictment, as for a misdemeanor, in any
court of the United States having jurisdiction for tile trial
ofcrimes and misdemeanors; and, on conviction, shall pay
a fine not exceeding twice the amount of the gratuity or
compensation received by the person convicted, or suffer
imprisonment in the penitentiary not exceeding oneye<ir
or both, as the court, in its discretion, shall adjudge." '
Mr. BADGER. That section applies to mem-
bers of Congress. The provision is introduced in
such a ma#ier and form as would seem, to the
committee, to make it odious and unjust. The
only object of the bill in that provision is to pre-
vent members of Congress prosecuting claims for
their constituents or others, for compensation.
That is what we desire to accomplish by the
amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The committee next proposed to amend the
fourth section, which is as follows:
" Sec, 4. JJmlbc it furth-r enacted, That any person who,
with intent to stcat, shall take and carry away any record,
paper, or proceeding of a court of justice, tiled or deposited
with any clerk or officer of such court, or any paper or
document or record filed, or deposited in any public office,
or with any judicial or public officer, shall, without refer-
ence to the value of the paper, record, document, or pro-
ceeding so taken, be liable to indictment as for larceny in
any court of the United States having jurisdiction for the
] trial of crimes and misdemeanors against the United States ;
; and, upon conviction thereof, shall pay a fine not exceed-
I '"g $"2,000, or suffer imprisonment in a penitentiary not ex-
ceeding three years, or both, as the court, in its discretion,
shall adjudge."
The proposed amendment of the committee is,
to insert after the words " that any person who,"
the words " shall willfully and knowingly destroy,
or attempt to destroy, or;" to insert after the
word " steal " the words " or destroy;" to strike
out the words "liable to indictment as for lar-
ceny," and insert " deemed guilty of felony, and
on conviction;" and to strike out the words " for
! the trial of crimes and misdemeanors against the
United States,"and insert "thereof."
Mr. BADGER. That is a section which was
added in the House of Representatives—and it is
a very wise and excellent one—for the purpose of
punishing persons who should " steal, take, and
' carry away any record, paper, or proceeding of
' a court of justice, or any paper, or document, or
'record." The committee have directed certain
amendments to be reported for the purpose of
making that section more stringent, particularly
to introduce the words " who shall willfully and
knowingly destroy, or attempt to destroy, or,"
before the words " with intent to steal or destroy,
''shall take or carry away any record, paper, or
' proceeding of a court of justice," &c. That is
the purpose of the section.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was, in
the fifth section, to strike out the words " liable to
indictment as for a misdemeanor," and insert
"deemed guilty of felony, and on conviction;"
and strike out the words " for the trial of crimes
and misdemeanors against the United States,"and
insert " thereof."
The fifth section of the House bill is as follows:
<e Sec. 5. Jlnd be it further enacted, That any officer hav-
ing the custody of ahy record,document,paper,or proceed-
ing specified in the last preceding section of this act, who
shall fraudulently take away, or withdraw, or destroy any
such record, document, paper, or proceeding filed in his
office or deposited with him, or in his custody, shall be
liable to indictment as for a misdemeanor in any court of
the United States having jurisdiction for the trial of crimes
and misdemeanors against the United States; and, on con-
viction thereof, shall pay a fine not exceeding two thou-
sand dollars, or suffer imprisonment in a penitentiary not ex-
ceeding three years, or both, as the court, in its discretion,
shall adjudge, and shall forfeit his office, and be forever af-
terwards disqualified from holding any office under th«
Government of the United States."
Mr. BADGER. That section relates to any
officer who, having custody of any document or
