392
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 25,
paper, shall be guilty of R like offense to that spe-
cified in the preceding section. The amendment
is to make the offense felony. We thought it too
lnVh an offense to stand as a mere misdemeanor.
^The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was in
the sixth section, to strike out the word "opin-
ion" and insert the word " or;" and to strike out
the words " or judgment, or with intent to bias
his mind;" to strike out the words "member,
officer, or," and to insert after " any part thereof,"
the words " if an officer or person holding any
such place of trust or profit as aforesaid."
The sixth section of the House bill, which the
committee propose to amend, is as follows:
(i Sec. 6. Jitxd be it further enacted, That if any person or
persons shall, directly or indirectly, promise, offer, or give,
or cause, or procure to be promised, offered, or given, any
money, goods, right in action, bribe, present, or reward, or
any promise, contract, undertaking, obligation, or security
for the payment or delivery of any money, goods, right in
action, bribe, present, or reward, or any other valuable thing
whatever, to any member of the Senate or House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States, after his election as such
member, and either before or after he shall have qualified
and taken his seal, or to any officer of the United States, or
person holding any place of trust or profit, (^discharging
any official function under, or in connection with, any De-
partment of the Government of the United States, or under
the Senate or House of Representatives of the United States,
after the passage of this act, with intent to influence his
vote, opinion, decision, or judgment, or with intent to htas
his 'mind on any question, matter, cause, or proceeding,
which may then be pending, or may by law, or under the
Constitution of the United States, be brought before him in
his official capacity, or in his place of tiust or profit, and
shall be thereof convicted, such person or persons so offer-
ing, promising, or giving, or causing, or procuring to be
promised, offered, or given, any such money, goods, right
in action, bribe, present, or reward, or any promise, con-
tract, undertaking, obligation, or security for the payment
or delivery of any money, goods, right in action, bribe,
present, or reward, or other valuable thing whatever, and
the member, officer, or person who shall in anywise accept
or receive the same, or any part thereof, shall be liable to
indictment, as for a high crime and misdemeanor, in any
court of the United States havingjunsdiction for the trial of
crimes and misdemeanors, and shall, upon conviction there-
of, be fined note.xceeding three times the amount so offered,
promised, or given, and imprisoned in a penitentiary not
exceeding three years; and the member, officer, or person
convicted of so accepting or receiving the same, or any part
thereof, shall forfeit Jus office and place; and any person so
convicted under this section shall forever be disqualified to
hold any office of honor, trust, or profit under the United
States."
Mr. BADGER. That section is intended to
punish persons who shall offer or give, and per-
sons who shall receive, any reward or gratuity for
the purpose of influencing his decision or vote in
regard to matters that come under his jurisdiction,
either as a member of Congress or other public
officer. In the House they had used the phrase-
ology " to influence his vote, opinion, decision, or
judgment, or with intent to bias his mind;" which
we thought in many respects indefinite, and in
many respects absurd. To threaten a man with
indictment for having offered a fee, with intent to
bias another's mind, we thought would be near
akin to a legal absurdity. We therefore propose
to make it read " influence his vote or decision,"
which is the matter with which we are concerned;
and then, in a subsequent part of the section, the
amendment proposes to strike out the words
" member, officer, or," and insert " if an officer
or person holding any such place of trust or profit
as aforesaid;" for this reason, as the House bill
stood, it undertook to declare that if a member of
this Houce or of the other House were guilty of
this offense, in addition to the punishment as pre-
scribed, he should forfeit his place; and we did not
believe that we had any constitutional power over
that subject, as a member of this House or of the
other House can only be expelled or lose his
place by a vote of the House to which he belongs.
The object was to strike out the provision which
we thought we had no right to make, and substi-
tute one which we thought we had a right to
make.
The amendment was agreed to.
. The seventh section stands unaltered, as fol-
lows:
"Sec. 7. Jlndbe it further enacted, That the provisionsof
this act, and of the act of Jnlv 29th, 1846, entitled ' An act
in relation to the payment of claims,' shall apply and ex-
tend to all claims against the United States, whether al-
lowed by special acts of Congress or arising under general
laws or treaties, or in any other manner whatever ; and
every offense against the provisions of this act sha)l be a
misdemeanor.''
The next amendment of the committee was to
add the following as an additional section:
Sec. 8. Jlnd be it further enacted, That nothing herein-
I before contained shall be«construed to apply to the prosecu-
tion or defense of any action or suit in any judicial court of
: the United States.
Mr. BADGER. As this bill originally passed
the Senate, it was confined by the terms of it to
the prosecution of claims before the two Houses
of Congress, or before the Executive Departments,
or before boards, without intending to apply it to
the maintaining or defending of suits in the courts
of the United States. These words were left out
of the section by the House, and we propose, by
this supplementary section, to restore them.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. I shall vote for the bill with a
great deal of pleasure, but I crave the indulgence
of the Senator who has reported it, while I make
a statement, and ask if the bill is broad enough to
cover the cases which I shall mention. If it is not,
I shall ask that it may lie over until to-morrow,
that an amendment may be prepared to meet the
object. There is an improper practice, which I
have the highest authority for saying, prevails
here. The claim agents by whom we are sur-
rounded, when we walk and when we sit, have a
practice of representing to sailors in our ships-of-
war on foreign coasts, that it is necessary to em-
ploy them to get their pay. I am informed by the
Secretary of the Navy that he has had orders pre-
sented to him, and that sixty dollars has been
charged and received for procuring the signature
of the Secretary to a paper which it was just as
much a matter of course for him to affix as for the
Secretary of the Senate to read the daily Journal.
When the Secretary saw the abuse and called the
agent before him to know what it meant, he very
coolly said, " Mr. Secretary, I do not know that
this is any of your business. It is the way that
we get our living." I am told that that custom
prevails extensively, and that sailors are thus
swindled, as well as in the way to which I called
attention yesterday.
Let me mention one other fact. An officer of
the Navy in this city, of a highly honorable char-
acter, remarked with reference to the extra com-
pensation which we granted last session to those
who were on duty in California, that he did not
see why the bill did not cover the case of those
who rendered service before 1850, as well as those
who rendered service afterwards. He mentioned
this in the presence of a claim agent. " Sir," said
the agent, " there is nothing easier in the world
than to have it done." "How?" "Why,sir,
I just raise a fund, and I have it in my power to
get ,it for you." Said this officer, " I will lose
i the last farthing 1 have before I will do that."
I "Then," said the agent, with an oath, " you
1 never shall get a cent if you do not raise a fund
to be distributed among agents."
Now, sir, this is a bill to guard against mem-
bers selling themselves; but we are sold outside,
sir; we are sold by these agents; and I tell you the
lice and frogs that overspread Egypt, are purity
itself compared with these agents, that spread
themselves around this Capitol. Our influence,
our countenance, our affection, everything is bar-
tered away and sold by these agents, who block
up the Capitol, and block up the avenues to the
Departments, and it has got to such a state now
that a sailor cannot get his pay for his services
unless he procures the service of an agent to get
his claim through. These are facts which I have
from the highest authority, and which can be sub-
stantiated before a committee of this body to-mor-
row. I have them from the testimony of the Sec-
retary of the Navy, given under oath this very day,
before a committee of the Senate. And, sir, I am
told further, that the thing has been carried to such
an extent that it goes down. Here is the great
focus of it, the great fountain of filth which sends
out its streams of corruption all over the land. I
am told that an honest merchant cannot get his
vessel into New York, and pay the duty, until he
has an agent to steer him through, who has to be
paid a certain percentage. I am in favor of this'
bill, so far as it goes; but if it does not go far
enough to cover the cases I have mentioned, I de-
sire that it may lie "over a day or two, so that it
may be amended.
Mr. BADGER. This bill, undoubtedly, does
not reach the cases mentioned by the Senator from
New Hampshire.
1 Mr. CASS. As the hour has come which was
assigned for the consideration of the subject upon
, which the honorable Senator from Louisiana [Mr.
Soule] has the floor, I hope the Senator from
North Carolina will allow the bill before the Sen-
ate to be passed over for the present.
Mr. BADGER. I am afraid I shall not get it
up again if I do. It will not take five minutes to
pass it. I am sure the Senator from Louisiana
will be willing to give that time to get through an
important bill.
Mr. CASS. It had better be postponed till to-
morrow.
Mr. BADGER. I hope the Senator will allow
the vote to be taken on this bill. It is a very im-
portant one, and will not interfere with the order
of the day more than five minutes.
The bill was then reported to the Senate as
amended.
Mr. BADGER. In order to make this bill per-
fect, I desire, before the question is taken on the
amendments, to make a slight verbal amendment.
It is to strike out of the section we added to the
bill the word "hereinbefore," and insert, "in
the second and third sections of this act."
The PRESIDENT. The amendment will be
made, if there is no objection
There being no objection, the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendments made in Committee of the
Whole were then concurred in, and they were or-
dered to be engrossed, and the bill was ordered to
be read a third time.
The bill was subsequently read a third time and
ADMISSION OF LADIES.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I rise, Mr. Presi-
dent, for the purpose of making a motion which
I hope will receive the unanimous approbation of
the Senate. It is, that the rules be suspended, so
as to permit ladies to occupy seats upon the floor
of the Senate to-day. I am aware that it requires
unanimous consent, but still I flatter myself that
the Senate will vindicate its claim to gallantry by
agreeing to the motion.
Mr. UNDERWOOD, and several others. I ob-
ject to it.
So the motion was not agreed to.
I COLONIZATION IN NORTH AMERICA.
The Senate then proceeded to consider the joint
resolution declaratory of the views of the United
States respecting colonization upon the North
I American continent by European Powers and re-
specting the Island of Cuba; when—
Mr. SOULE rose and addressed the Senate at
length, and was followed by Mr. CASS on the
same side.
Mr. SEWARD had some observations to offer,
and would move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. DIXON asked him to withdraw the motion,
in order that he might offer his resolutions to re-
fer the whole subject to the Committee on Foreign
Relations, with instructions to ascertain and re-
port whether, the Government of Great Britain,
since the ratifications of the treaty of Nicaragua,
had violated any of the provisions thereof, &c.
Mr. SEWARD withdrew his motion, and the
resolutions were sent to the Chair, read, and or-
dered to be printed.
[This debate, &c., will be found in the Appen-
dix.]
PATENT OFFICE.
The PRESIDENT. With the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate, the Chair will dispose of sev-
eral bills from the House.
The bill from the House " regulating the reports
of the Patent Office, and providing for additional
officers therein," was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Patents and the
Patent Office.
JOHN W. QUINNEY.
! The PRESIDENT. The Senate bill" to confer
on John W. Gluinney, a member of the Stock-
bridge tribe of Indians, the rights of citizenship
' of the United States, and for other purposes," has
been returned from the House of Representatives,
with amendments. It will be referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, unless objected Jo.
Mr. WALKER. I do not see any necessity
for that reference. The bill was introduced into
the Senate by myself. I hope the amendments of
the House will be considered now.
I The PRESIDENT. The amendments will be
read.
