402
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 26,
cate for the amount which he finds to be due to !
the printer, and declares that that shall be suffi-
cient authority for the Treasurer to pay the amount
he so certifies to be due—in other words, the cer-
tificate of the Superintendent is an appropriation,
in fact, by the second section of the law, for the
printing itself.
As to the paper, no appropriation has been made
by law, nor is there any provision in reference to
the certificate of the Superintendent being a suffi-
• cient authority to the Treasurer to pay it. Now,
there was the printing of the Senate, which was
ordered at the last session, of various documents,
books, and works, which the first clause of the
amendment I offered, being $13,234 40, is intended
to provide for.
The next item of $16,000 is the same in refer-
ence to the printing for the House. I will give
the House an instance of the kind of printing, al-
ready ordered, which we have to furnish paper
for. There was the Coast Survey; there was the
printing of one hundred thousand copies of the
agricultural part of the Patent Office Report, and
fifty thousand copies of the mechanical part of the
same. The printing of those is to be done by the
present printer, and the paper is to be furnished
by the Superintendent for them, and other like
jobs which are being executed.
The third item of$104,000 is the estimate which
the Superintendent sends in, and is for paper which
is necessary for the printing for both Houses of
Congress during this session.
The other item is for the compensation of the
Superintendent himself, and of the clerks and mes-
• sengers, whose appointment was authorized by
the joint resolution passed a few days since, and
for advertising as provided by law.
Altogether it is a large item—nearly §134,000.
These are the reasons why the items are offered
here. It will be seen that they all come within
the operations of this year. The estimate was
submitted to the House, and on my motion was
referred to the Committee on Ways and Means.
The chairman of that committee tells me that he
has not drawn the provision in pursuance of the
estimate, inasmuch as it legitimately belongs to
the committee of which I am a member. I have
drawn the amendment, and made this brief ex-
planation, that the House may know on what it
is voting.
Mr. CARTTER. The amendment which has
been proposed by the honorable member f(om
New York, is one of considerable consequehce,
and as an adjournment will give us all an opportu-
nity to investigate it, I move that the committee
do now rise.
Mr. HOUSTON. Let us get through with the
bill.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
The SPEAKER having resumed the chair, the
chairman (Mr. Brown, of Mississippi,) reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union had had the state of the Union gener-
ally under consideration, and particularly House
bill No. 335, " to supply deficiencies in appropri-
ations for the fiscal year ending June 30th, 1853,
and had come to no resolution thereon.
Mr. STUART. Inasmuch as the House have
set apart two days, now near at hand, for the con-
sideration of territorial business, I ask leave to
report, from the Committee on Territories, " A bill
to establish the territorial government of Colum-
bia," that it may be printed, and be before mem-
bers when it comes up for action.
There was no objection, and the biffSWas re-
ported, read a first and second time by its title,
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. McMULLlN. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
The House thereupon adjourned till to-morrow
at twelve o clock, m.
PETITIONS, &c.
™e following petitions and memorial were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate committees •
SCHOONMAKER: The petLn of «™e heirs of
John VVinans praying for the allowance of commutation
pay in consideration of the services of the said Winana
during the revolutionary war.
By Mr. HEXN: The petition of H. Tucker and 51 others
citizens of Decatur county, Iowa, asking for a donation of
certain tracts of land on which the county seat of said ]
county is situated.
By Mr. VENABLE : The petition of the workingmen of
the Washington navy yard, for increase of pay.
By Mr. HAMILTON : The petition of Martin J. Adatns
and others, lor the establishment of a post route from Cum-
berland, Maryland, to Kobinsonville, Pennsylvania.
By Mr. DAWSON: The petition of citizens of Alle-
ganv county, Pennsylvania, in favor of the construction of
a railroad through the wilderness leading from Detroit across
the peninsula of Michigan to Marquette Bay, Michigan,
and trom Manitoowoc to Kewana Point, upon Lake Supe-
rior, with a branch to the Ontonagon river, and also a branch
to Iron Bay, and praying for a grant of land in aid of such
objects.
By Mr. 8CUDDER: The petition of J. C. Delano and
others, of New Bedford, asking that the hospital tax upon
seamen may be abolished ; that measures may he taken for
the establishment of naval schools for the education ot
young men for the mercantile marine; and that the law re- *
quiring two thirds of all crews of American ships to be
United States citizens may be repealed.
By Mr. SUI1ERMERHORN: A memorial for a private
charter, asked for by Dr. llartwell Carver and his associ-
ates, to build a railroad from some point on the Mississippi
or Missouri rivers, or froin Lake Michigan to the Pacific
ocean.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, January 26, 1853.
Prayer by the Rev. James Gallaher. ,
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the '
Senate a report of the Secretary of the Treasury,
transmitting a communication from the First
Comptroller of the Treasury, relative to the clas-
sification of clerks; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. DOWNS presented the petition of William
H. Henderson, praying the confirmation of the
title to a tract of land purchased by him and Rob-
ert Henderson, deceased,within the Bastrop grant;
which was referred to the Committee on Private
Land Claims.
Also, a petition of David Steuart, praying the
confirmation of his title to certain land within the
Bastrop grant; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Private Land Claims.
Also, thte petition ofCharles H. Morrison, pray-
ing the confirmation of his title to a tract of land
within the Bastrop grant; which was referred to the
Committee on Private Land Claims. !
Also, the remonstrance of C. G. Haleand others,
against the confirmation of the Wicks claim to
certain lands purchased by them in the parish of
West Feliciana, Louisiana; which was referred
i to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
Also, a petition of citizens of the parish of An-
achila, Louisiana, praying to be allowed further
time to establish their rights of preemption; which
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. SUMNER. I present the petition of
Charles Folsom, and other inhabitants of the city
of Boston and county of Suffolk, in the State of
Massachusetts, in favor of cheap ocean postage,
in which they ask Congress to reduce the present
burdensome rates of ocean postage to a uniform
rate of two cents prepaid, for every half ounce,
to which may be added the inland postage as now
required by law. I move the reference of this
petition to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SEWARD. I present the petition of the
Mayor of Brooklyn, ex-members of Congress,
and other prominent citizens of that place, pray-
ing for the passage of a law authorizing a contract
to be made with Christian Hansen for carrying
the mails of the United States between'Brooklyn
and Gluckstadt, and between Kiel and St. Peters-
burg. Also, a similar petition of German adopt-
ed citizens of the city of New York; and a sim-
ilar petition of adopted citizens from Sweden,
Denmark, and Norway, residing in New York
and Brooklyn. I move that these petitions be
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SEWARD also presented the petition of
Simeon Draper, praying that a register may be
issued for the steamship Albatross; which was
j referred to the Committee on Commerce.
! Also, a petition of the heirs-at-law of John Mor-
| gan, director general and physician-in-chief of the
1 American hospitals during the revolutionary war,
1 praying to be allowed the commutation pay and
i bounty land to which said Morgan would have
been entitled had he served to the close of the
war; which was referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. COOPER presented the memorial of John
W. Glover and others, praying a modification of
the bounty land law; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Also, a memorial of George Beatty and others,
praying a modification of the bounty land law;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. FELCH presented the petition of Ephraim
Gilman, draughtsman in the General Land Office,
praying to be allowed an amount equal to the com-
pensation he would have received had his com-
pensation not been reduced; which was referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. SMITH. I am desired to present a peti-
tion of Green Kendrick and sundry citizens of
Waterbury, Connecticut, most <tf whom are now
engaged in mining for copper on Kewana Point,
upon Lake Superior, praying a grant of land to
aid in the construction of a railroad from Detroit
to Marquette Bay, and from Manitoowoc to Ke-
wana Point, upon Lake Superior, with branches
to the Ontonagon river and Iron Bay. I move its
reference to the Committee on Public Lands.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CASS presented the memorial of Elvira F.
Smith, widow of an officer who died in the late
war with Mexico, praying that the pension she-
now receives may be continued; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. SHIELDS presented the petition of F. W.
Brookes and others, praying the removal of the
bar at the mouth of Calmut river; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
Also, the petition of A. Klein, who was dis-
abled in the late war with Mexico; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
STEAMER EDITH.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President, at the last
session of Congress there was a report of the Sec-
retary of the Navy, relating to a court of inquiry
as to the loss of the United States steamer Edith.
I move that those papers be taken from the files
of the Senate, for the purpose of having them re-
ferred to the Naval Committee of the House,
where the question is now pending, and they
want the evidence.
The motion was agreed to.
WAREHOUSING SYSTEM.
Mr. HUNTER. I gave notice yesterday that
I would ask the Senate this morning to take up
the bill " to extend the provisions of the ware-
housing system by establishing private bonded
warehouses, and for other purposes," but I be-
lieve the Senator from Massachusetts is not now
quite ready, and I therefore ask him to indicate
an eariy day when he will be ready to present his
views upon the subject.
Mr. DAVIS. I will name Monday next.
Mr. HUNTER. Then I give notice that I
shall on that day ask the Senate to take up the bill.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
Mr. COOPER. I ask leave of the Senate to
withdraw the papers in the case of Evelina Porter,
widow of Commodore Porter, with a view to
withdraw her claim entirely. There has been no
report made, and she desires to withdraw the
claim.
Mr. GWIN. Those papers are now under the
consideration of the Committee on Naval Affairs,
and it seems to me that it would be better to allow
that committee to act upon the question.
Mr. COOPER. I understood that the subject
was before the Committee on Naval Affairs, but
the lady has just now called upon me, and de-
sired me to ask for the withdrawal of the papers
in the case, with a view of ultimately withdraw-
ing her claim altogether.
Mr. GWIN. I withdraw my objection.
The motion to discharge the Committee on Na-
val Affairs and grant leave to withdraw the papers,
was agreed to.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. WALKER, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, to which was referred the bill to confer on
John W. Quinney, a member of the Stockbridge
tribe of Indians, the right of citizenship of the
United States, and for other purposes, with the
