1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
409
For the service of the Post Office Department, a sura not
exceeding $505,000, to supply a deficiency in the revenues
of eatd Department, to meet the appropriations therefor, for
the year Je<53.
Mr. HOUSTON. I now offer the following,
wliich is the last reported by the Committee on
W&ys and Means:
For the reappropriarion of the following sums, carried to
the surplus fund per warrant number seven, dated 20lh of
September, 185*2, under the provisions of the tenth section
of the act entitled "An act making appropriations for the
civil ami diplomatic expenses of the Government for the
year ending; the 30th of June. 1853, and for other purposes,"
approved 3lst of August, 1852, to be applied to the payment
of all expenses incurred prior to the first day of July, 1852,
ttuder the following heads, viz:
For military stations on route to Oregon, $3,303.
For secret service money in Mexico, $19,514 50.
For Mexican hostilities, .$10,569 06.
For contingencies of the Army, $1,804 75.
For transportation, supplies, &c., in Quartermaster's De-
[ partment, $18,959 35.
For pay of Florida militia, on account of Quartermas-
ter's Department, $4,537 08.
For repressing Seminole hostilities, $264 43.
For arrearages prior to the year 1817, $467 17.
For arrearages of pay due Floridamitiua, under General
Read, $7,241 93.
For traveling allowance to volunteers, $118,204 44.
For pay of Louisiana and Texas volunteers, $18,060 49.
For pay of ten regiments of regular troops, $8,547 51.
For pay of volunteers under resolution of the 8tfa of Au-
gust, 1846, $7,153 17.
For pay of eleven regiments of volunteers, $26,998 69.
For pay of volunteers, $68,157 73.
For three months' extra pay, $200,000.
For services of private physicians, $130 27.
For pay of Florida militia on account of subsistence,
$1,039 39
For subsistence of ten regiments of regular troops,
$684 86.
For subsistence of eleven regiments of volunteers,
$394 80.
For improvement of the Genesee river, $176 10.
For removing obstructions at hart>or of Cleveland, Ohio,
$145 69.
For sea-wall at Buffalo Ureek, $349 05.
For harbor at Ashtabula, Ohio, $42 64.
For harbor at Milwaukie, Wisconsin, $163 94.
For repairs of roads, 8cc., for armies in the field,
$5,397 05.
For surveys with armies in the field, $496 40.
For survey from the Mississippi river to the Pacific ocean,
$5,000.
S Mr. HOUSTON. The amounts appropriated
by this amendment, are all retippropriations, and
are fully explained in miscellaneous document
No. 8, from the Departments, of this session. The
tenth section of the civil and diplomatic bill of the
last session of Congress, directed that all moneys
which had been standing upon appropriation two
years should be carried to the surplus fund, or in
other words carried back again into the Treasury.
The effect of that provision was, that all the ap-
propriations coming und£r this restriction, were
carried to thesurplus fund;and theDepartmentnoW
estimates for these amounts as absolutely neces-
sary to meet the outstanding liabilities, under the
various heads of appropriation. These moneys
would have been used in this way, but for this
tentli section of thecivil and diplomatic bill, which
carried them back into the Treasury. I made a
very thorough examination into these items, and
I think they are all necessary to be provided for.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment, and it was agreed to.
Mr. CARTTER. I offer the folio wing amend-
ment:
For the payment of the amount due to John L. Cooper,
for property destroyed by the burning of the navy-yard til
the city of Washington, in the year 1814, the amount to he
ascertained by the proper accounting officer of the Treas-
ury, the suin of $750.
Mr. DUNHAM. I rise to a point of order.
This is a private claim. If we undertake to put
such private claims upon the deficiency bill, we
shall never see the end of it.
Mr. CARTTER. This is not a private claim.
It is a proper item for a deficiency bill; and if the
gentleman had waited until the following commu-
nication had been read, he would have seen that
it was. This claim is recognized by law, and
would have been paid by the Department long ago
but for the fact that there was no appropriation. I
send the communication to the Clerk's desk, and
ask that it be read.
It was read by the Clerk, as follows,
Treasury Department, )
Fourth Auditor's Office, Jan. 29,1859. J
Sir : I have the honor to inform you, in reply to inquiries
made at this office a day or two since, that the ease of John
L. Cooper is covered by the act of March 3d, 1815, referred
to in the letter of the Secretary of the Navy to the Hon.
Mr. Hay, but the (ither acts mentioned in the same letter
are not applicable.
There it no appropriation, however, out of which the
claim of Mr. Cooper can now be paid, the unexpended
balance of the appropriation made in 1815 having been long
since carried to the surplus fund. Areappropriation by Con-
gress will be necessary before the claim can be admitted.
The papers you left with me are herewith returned.
I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obe-
dient servant, A. O. DAYTOW
To the Hon. Nathan T. Stkatton,
House of Representatives.
Mr. CARTTER. Is my friend satisfied ?
Mr. DUNHAM. No, sir; I think the point of
order is still good. I think the case is in the na-
ture of a private claim.
Mr. CARTTER. Then 1 will ask for the read-
ing of a letter from the Secretary of the Navy in
addition.
The letter was read, as follows:
Navy Department, September 27, 1850.
Sir : Your letter of the 25th instant, addressed to the
Secretary of War, has been referred to this Department.
In reply, I have the Honor to inform you, that on the 3d
March, 1815,Congress passed an act " for the relief ofsun-
' dry persons in the service of the United States, in conse-
1 quence of the destruction of their tools by fire at the navy-
' yard in Washington," and on the 30th June, 1834, an act
was passed c< tor the relief of the heirs and legal represent-
atives of John Rose, senior, deceased," authorizing com-
pensation for his property destroyed by fire at said navy-
yard, in 1814. The law of 9th April, 1816, authorizing pay-
ment for property lost, &c.,also provides for claims of the
above character.
The Department is unable to inform you what payments
have been made under the laws above referred to.
I am, very respectfully, fcc.,
WILLIAM A. GRAHAM.
Hon. A. R. Hat, Howe of Representatives.
Tha CHAIRMAN-. Does the gentleman still
insist upon his point of order?
Mr. DUNHAM No, sir; 1 will withdraw it.
Mr. CARTTER. Mr. Chairman, those gen- i
tlemen of the committee who have paid attention
to the reading of these communications have !
ascertained the fact, from competent authority, j
that the amendment I have proposed is covered by
existing laws, and that the reason why the claim
has not been liquidated long ago by the Depart-
ment is, because there was no appropriation out 1
of which it could be paid.
Mr. Chairman, I will add nothing further in
reference to this matter, save that I have no in- |
! terest, not even that of the relation of represent- ;
ative and constituent, in this claim.
! Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I understand
I the gentleman to say that this is a case which is
covered by the provisions of existing law.
The Department does not state in these papers
any knowledge of the correctness of this claim.
Where is the evidence that this is a lawful claim ?
The Department says, merely, that the law of
March 3d, 1815, provides for cases of this char-
acter.
Mr. CARTTER. I do not so understand it.
Mr. STEPHENS. They do not say that the
loss was sustained by Mr. Cooper.
Mr. STRATTON. I have in my handa the
claim, as approved by the Department. The only
objection was that the appropriation made for the
payment of this claim had been transferred to the
surplus fund. I ask that the affidavits which 1
send to the Clerk's table may be read.
They were read, as follows:
State of New Jersey, Camden county,ss:
Before me, the subscriber, one of the justices of the
peace in and for said county, personally appeared John L.
Cooper, of said county and State, who, being conscien-
tiously scrupulous of taking An oath, on his solemn affirm-
ation, saith, that he resided at the city of Washington in
the year A. D. 1814; that he Was a mechanic, and worked
in the " navy-yard at that place, in the employ and service
of the United States," at the trade and bu«iness of mill-
wrighting, and that he helped in building one " steam saw-
mill and one block-millthat he worked under John Rose,
who was the boss workman in the building of said mills
in the navy-yard aforesaid, and that while thus engaged in
the service of the United States, at the navy yard aforesaid,
he had the misfortune of having the whole of his tools,
which he used in his occupation as aforesaid, destroyed by
the fire at the navy-yard, in Washington, in the year afore-
said ; which said tools consisted of a complete set of mill-
wright tools, together with one good turning-lathe and vice,
all new, and in the very best condition, of the value of $2-25,
all of which was of use, and necessary in his work and
trade about said mills.
And that deponent has not at any time since received any
compensation from the Government (or otherwise) for said
loss, neither did deponent know, until recently, that Con-
gress had made any provision for the sufferers in conse-
quence of said fire.
M JOHN L. COOPER.
Affirmed and subscribed before me, this 27th day of Jan
uary, A. D. 1851. EDWARD TURNLR,
Justice of the Peace.
Stale of Pennsylvania, Montgomery county, ss:
On the ltfth day of January, A. D. 1852, before me, the
subscriber, one of the justices of the peace in and for the
said county, personally appeared Gainor Knight, of said
con Jty and State, who, being conscientiously scrupulous of
taking an oath, on her solemn affirmation, saith, that she is
cousin to John L. Cooper, named in the annexed affidavit,
and that she is well acquainted with the whole of the cir-
cumstances set forth in the said affidavit, the whole of
which she believes to be true, from having had a personal
knowledge of the whole transaction, as set forth in the said
affidavit, she being resident in the city of Washington at
the time set forth in said affidavit.
her
GAINOR X KNIGHT,
mark.
Affirmed and subscribed before me, this 16th day of Jan-
uary, A. D. 1852. ALGERNON S. JENKINS,
Justice of the Peace.
Mr. DUNH AM. That am end men t clearly ought
not to pass in the form in which the gentleman
has presented it. It is very possible that an ap-
propriation ought to be made, to meet this claim,
but surely it ought not to pass in the form in which
he has offered it; because you authorize the pay-
ment of money upon testimony which is not such
as the Department ought to have.
Mr. CARTTER. It is to be paid upon the
ascertainment of the Department that it is due.
Mr. DUNHAM. But if that amount of money
is appropriated for that particular purpose, the
Department will be bound by it.
Mr. CARTTER. I do not so understand it.
Mr. DUNHAM. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Meade] is preparing an amendment,
which I have no doubt will be accepted.
Mr. CARTTER. I have no desire that an
amendment should pass which will at all foreclose
the discretion of the Department.
Mr. DUNHAM. So I suppose.
Mr. CARTTER. But I understand the amend-
ment will not have that effect as it is.
Mr. DUNHAM. I think it will.
Mr. MEADE. I offer as an amendment to the
amendment, to strike out, commencing with the
words " after payment," in the first line, to the
word "for," in the second line, inclusive, and to
insert the words " payment of such sums as may
j be due to individuals, under the act of March 3d,
1815, for property destroyed."
Mr. CARTTER. 1 do not know as I appre-
hend the amendment correctly, but if I do, I am
! willing to accept it. Will the Clerk read the
! amendment as proposed to be amended by the
gentleman from Virginia?
i The amendment was accordingly read, as fol-
lows:
For the payment of such sams as may be due to individ-
uals under the act of March 3d, 1815, and 9th April, 1816,
for property destroyed by burning ot the navy yard in the
city of Washington, in the year 1814. the amount to be as-
certained by th-' proper accountingofflcers of the Treasury,
the sum of $750.
Mr. CARTTER. I accept the amendment.
The question was then taken upon the adoption
of the amendment as modified, and it was agreed
to.
EQUESTRIAN STATUE OF JACKSON.
Mr. VENABLE. I offer an amendment,
which I send to the table.
The amendment was read, as follows:
For the purpose of completing the pedestal of the eques-
trian statue of Andrew Jackson, in Lafayette square, and
the erection of a suitable iron railing around the same,
$3,000.
Mr. VENABLE said: There was an appro-
priation made at the last Bession of $5,000 for the
purpose of making a pedestal to the Jackson
statue. That appropriation has been expended,
and it has fallen short, as the finishing of the
pedestal will exceed $5,000. I have taken the
pains, this morning, to have an estimate made by
competent persons of the sum necessary to finish
the pedestal, and put an iron railing around it.
The $3,000 proposed by this amendment will ac-
complish it. It is a deficiency in the appropria-
tion made last year which was not enough to
finish the pedestal. The work is now in an un-
finished state, atid I propose this appropriation for
the purpose of completing it.
Mr. STANLY. Ifthat amendment is in order,
I desire to move an amendment to it.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks thai the
amendment is in order.
Mr. STANLY. Then I send np an amend-
ment to the Clerk's table.
The amendment was as follows:
To aid in the completion of the monument being erected
by the Washington Monumental Society on the public
groundsin Washington, #20,000.
Mr. VENABLE. I cannot vote for the amend-
