410
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 26,
ment of my colleague. I do not think his amend-
ment germane to mine; nor do I think there is
anv law for crecting the Washington monument,
under which he can bring in this amendment as a
deficiency.
Mr. HOUSTON. Is the amendment of the
gentleman from North Carolina in order?
The CHAIRMAN. If the gentleman from
Alabama raises a question of order, the Chair will
decide it.
Mr. HOUSTON. I raise the point that the
amendment is not ill order. It is not an appro-
priation for a work authorized by law, and it is
not a deficiency.
Mr. STANLY. There is no law directing the
statue of Jackson to be carried on.
The C H AIRMAN. The gentleman from North
Carolina [Mr. Venable] states that there was an
appropriation of $5,000 last year for completing
the pedestal of the Jackson statue, which was in-
sufficient for that purpose, and he asks for an ad-
ditional appropriation of $3,000 for that purpose.
Mr. STANLY. If, as 1 understand the Chair
to say, all appropriations relating to appropria-
tions hitherto made, are deficiencies, such items
■will swell this bill up to a very large amount. I
do not understand that to be the rule of this House,
and to that point I wish to direct the attention of
the Chair. This is not to supply a deficiency in
any appropriation law. It is legislating upon a
subject upon which legislation has already taken
place, but that does not make it adeficiency. That
is not enough by any means. I call the attention
of the Chair to the point, in order that it may be
decided. The appropriation of $5,000, at the
last session, was a mere gift, and 1 was glad to see
it; and if this amendment is in order as a defi-
ciency, I want to go a little further, and do some-
thing for some other good object, besides the one
which my colleague has at heart.
The CHAIRMAN. The distinction between
the two cases, the Chair would remark, is this:
the amendment of the gentleman from North
Carolina [Mr. Venable] refers to a work for
which Congress made an appropriation last year.
Congress took cognizance of the subject, and made
an appropriation for it. So there is existing au-
thority of law. The gentleman now says that
the appropriation was insufficient. Whether it
was or was not sufficient is a question for the
House to decide. The Chair simply holds that,
such being the case, the amendment of the gentle-
man from North Carolina [Mr. Venable] is in
order.
So far as the Washington monument is con-
cerned, the Chair does not understand that Con-
gress has ever taken any direction §f it at all, or
legislated in regard to it, or made any appropria-
tion for it. And it is for these reasons that the
Chair decides that the last amendment, or the
amendment to the amendment, is not in order.
An amendment is not in order at all, unless it is
based upon some legislation of Congress.
Mr. STANLY. That is not the rule of the
House. I wish the Chair would turn to that rule.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is not very
familiar with the rules, he admits, and will have
the 81st rule read.
The rule was read, as follows:
" No appropriation shall be reported in such general ap-
propriation bills, or be in order as an amendment thereto,
for any expenditure not previously authorized by law, un
less in continuation of appropriations forsuch public works
and objects as are already in progress, and for the contingen-
cies for carrying on the several departments of the Govern-
ment."
Mr. STANLY. That does not make the
amendment of my colleague in order because Con-
gress has taken action upon it.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has decided
that the first proposition is in order, but that the
second one is not.
Mr. STANLY. I take an appeal from that
decision.
Mr. STUART. I desire to hear the amend-
ment read before the question is taken on the ap-
peal, ■>
The amendment offered by Mr. Venable, and
the amendment offered thereto by Mr. Stanly,
were read, as above inserted.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
the amendment to the amendment is not in order,
and from that decision the gentleman from North
Carolina [Mr. Stanly] takes an appeal.
The question being, "Shall the decision of the
Chair stand as the judgmentof the committee?" it
was put, and on a count there were—ayes 75, noes
40; no quorum voting.
Mr. STANLY. 1 call for tellers.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I shall vote
strictly according to my understanding of the rule
in this case. The fact that there has been an ap-
propriation for this work does not bring it within
that rule. The rule provides for deficiencies in
appropriations for public works in any one of the
Departments of Government. This is a private,
and not a public work. I would favor the propo-
sition very willingly under other circumstances,
but we must adhere to our rules.
Mr. ORR. 1 would suggest to the gentleman
from Georgia that this is a public work. It was
placed in the center of Lafayette square to orna-
ment the public grounds.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. It was author-
ized by a law of Congress to be placed on that
spot.
The CHAIRMAN. No question of order is
pending with reference to the amendment submit-
ted by the gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr.
Mr. FLORENCE. The lettering on the ped-
estal is a disgrace to the nation, as every one who
has seen it will admit.
Mr. HOUSTON. Which of the amendments
is to be disposed of under the question of order?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will again
state the question, and hopes that gentlemen will
listen. The gentleman from North Carolina [Mr.
Stanly] submitted an amendment to the amend-
ment of his colleague, [Mr. Venable,] for the
appropriation of $20,000 to aid in the erection of
the Washington monument, which the Chair has
decided to be out of order. From that decision
the gentleman took an appeal, and the question
now is, " Shall the decision of the Chaifptand as
the judgment of the House?"
Mr. STEPHENS. I rise, then, to a question
of order upon the first amendment. I was labor-
ing under a mistake. I thought the point of order
was made on the appropriation for the Jackson
equestrian statue.
The CHAIRMAN. One point of order must
be decided before another can be considered.
The question was put,and, on a division, there
were 75 in favor of sustaining the decision of the
Chair, and 45 opposed to it.
Mr. STANLY demanded tellers; which were
ordered; and Messrs. Harris of Tennessee, and
McNair, were appointed.
The question was then put, "Shallthe decision
i of the Chair stand as the judgment of the Com-
; mittee?" and the tellers reported—ayes 82, noes
i not counted.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr."STEPHENS. I rise to a question of order.
Mr. STANLY. Before the gentleman takes an
appeal from the decision of the Chair that the
amendment of my colleague [Mr. Venable] is in
order, I desire to offer an amendment to that
amendment. The amendment is as follows:
And this appropriation is made not only in honor of
General Jackson's military services, but also because of his
devouon to the Union, exhibited in his patriotic opposition
to nullification and secession.
Mr. STEPHENS. I raise the point, now, that
it is not in order for the gentleman from North
Carolina [Mr. Venable] to offer an amendment
appropriating money for the Jackson monument
to this bill; and I make that point, not because I
am opposed to the object contemplated, but that
the rules of this House may be maintained. As
I understood the gentleman, he stated that there
was an appropriation made last year for this mon-
ument, and that, because that appropriation was
deficient, he could attach this amendment, under
the rules, to this bill. Our rules declare that pro-
| visions for deficiencies in appropriations for public
works shall be in order to the general appropri-
ation bills. This was not a public work.
; Mr. STUART. To what rule does the gen-
. tleman refer ?
Mr. STEPHENS. I believe that its number is
: eighty-one.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman is right
in his statement of the rule; but the Chair holds
that, inasmuch as Congress made the appropria-
tion for erecting the pedestal, and inasmuch as it
was erected at the public expense, it is a public
work. The gentleman's amendment does not
1 make an appropriation for the statue, but the
pedestal which was erected by authority of Con-
gress.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I beg to call the
attention of the Chair to the fact, that when the
gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. Venable]
submitted his amendment, the question of order
was made upon it, that the Chair decided the
amendment to be in order, that that decision was
acquiesced in, and that the mover of the proposi-
tion then made his speech.
Mr. STANLY. The gentleman from Tennes-
see is mistaken. I stated, that if the Chair decided
the amendment to be in order, I would offer the
one I have as an amendment to it.
The CHAIRMAN. That is the recollection
of the Chair.
Mr. STANLY. Before that question was de-
cided this question came up.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair holds that the
amendment of the gentleman from North Carolina
[Mr. Venable] is in order.
Mr. STEPHENS. I should like to vote for
that amendment, as all my feelings accord with
the object of the gentleman from North Carolina,
but that the rules may be adhered to, I take an
appeal from the decision of the Chair.
Mr. VENABLE. I say that this is not a pri-
vate work. A resolution was passed by Con-
gress providing that the equestrian statue of Gen-
eral Jackson should be placed in Lafayette square
on the public ground.
Mr. STUART. The Chair has decided the
question, and as no appeal has been taken from
his decision, I do not see the necessity of arguing
the question of order further.
Mr. STEPHENS. I have appealed.
[Cries of " State the question!" "State the
question!"]
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from North
Carolina [Mr. Venable] proposed an amendment
making an appropriation to complete the pedestal
to the statue erected in memory of Andrew Jack-
son. The gentleman from Georgia raises the ques-
tion of order, that such an appropriation, under the
rules, cannot be attached to this bill. The Chair
holds that the amendment is in order, and from
; that decision the gentleman takes an appeal.
Mr. VENABLE. I wish to make a single re-
mark, with the permission of the Chair.
| Mr. HOUSTON. 1 must object.
Mr. STEPHENS. I withdraw my appeal.
Mr. GOODENOW. I renew it.
Mr. VENABLE. I wish to make a single
suggestion. The following is the law on the sub-
ject:
" For the purpose of erecting a pedestal in Lafayette
1 square for the equestrian statue of Andrew Jackson, on
such plan as may be approved of by the artist for that work,
, $5,000."
The pedestal is a public work. It was ordered
by law to be placed on the public ground, and in
J the appropriation made by that law, there is a de-
ficiency which I now move to supply. That is all.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair must remind
I gentlemen that debate is not in order. The ques-
1 tion is, Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the
judgment of the House?
| Mr. STANLY. I demand tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
i The question was put, and on a division there
were—ayes 74, noes 40; no quorum.
By unanimous consent, on motion by Mr. VEN-
! ABLE, tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Jones
, of Tennessee, and Hart were appointed.
| The question was taken, and the decision of the
Chair was sustained, the tellers having reported—
] j ayes 75, noes not counted.
i Mr. STANLY. I now propose the amend-
ment which I sent to the Clerk, and which he
read a few moments ago.
Mr. DEAN. I make the point of order that
! the amendment is not germane.
| The CHAIRMAN. The Chair holds that the
amendment is in order, on the ground that it is
' competent for the House to explain the reasons
i for making the appropriation.
! Mr. STANLY. I am in earnest in offering that
amendment. I shall vote for it, as well as for the
| appropriation asked for by my colleague, [Mr.
Venable,] not only on account of my own grati-
tude for the military services of General Jackson,
: but I desire to show my regard for his services in
i another position than that of commander, which
