1853
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
411
I believe to be above all of his military services.
I represent my constituents when I say that,
though they had the highest admiration for that
great man's conduct in war, they looked on his
illustrious achievements there as being thrown
inio the shade by his noble, patriotic, zealous, un-
compromising, undying devotion to the Union of
these States, when he was Presidentof the United
States, in putting down nullification and secession.
And these opinions of mine have not been formed
yesterday. They have been formed for years.
1 was no! a Jackson man in the early part of
my life, though too young to enter the political
arena. Had 1 been old enough when he was first
elected, I misrht have voted against him. 1 never
. voted for him, or supported his civil administra-
tion. I thought that he committed many errors
as the President of the United States; but, sir, he
claims my srratitude, and he has it; he claims the
gratitude of my constituents—Whigs and Dem-
ocrats—and he has it, for his noble conduct, I
repeat, as President of the United States. When
this Union, as he believed, was in danger, he dis-
regarded everything else but his sense of duty in
giving that noble sentiment which commends itself
to all our hearts, and which will make his name
immortal, if nothing else does: " The Union—it
must be preserved !" I followed with pride the
procession on the 8th of January in inauguration
of the statue erected to his memory. 1 looked
with a swelling heart at the motto emblazoned on
its base. Honor to General Jackson as the hero,
but especial honor, if possible more than this Con-
gress can give, for his conduct in that great hour
of our trial in 1833: " The Union—it must be pre-
served." Let it be cherished, and let this Con-
gress show, that in voting for this appropriation
they do it not out of a wild, inconsiderate admira-
tion for his military services, but also for his in-
calculable services in peace. We have had other
great captains in war—some illustrious men, who
have fought more battles, and fought them well;
but there has been only one Jackson who.asPres-
ident of the United States, saved this Union, and
laid low that fell spirit of Disunion which attempted
to separate these United States in 1833. I hope
that the amendment will receive the unanimous
•anction of the members of the House.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If it be not too
late, I appeal from the decision of the Chair that
this amendment is in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair holds that it
is now too late to take an appeal. I
Mr. JONES. Under that decision a member, i
after an amendment has been voted upon,can pre-
sent and have read a speech on the subject.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I am opposed
to this amendment. I do not concur in the re-
marks made by the gentleman from North Caro-
lina, [Mr. Stanly,] or in the sentiments expressed
in the amendment offered by him. Not at all, sir.
I do not understand that General Jackson ever
put down nullification in this country. When or
where? That General Jackson, as Presidentof
the United States, and as a citizen, was against
the doctrine of nullification, as taught in South
Carolina, I concede. But did General Jackson 1
ever put down that doctrine ? Did he ever silence
it? ft is true, the principles of the Proclamation
were against that doctrine. I did not agree with
General Jackson in the principles of that procla-
mation, though the gentleman from North Caro-
lina might or may have done so. And so it may
have been with a majority of the American people.
But, sir, that proclamation did not put down nul-
lification. If the gentleman from North Carolina
will look to the history of this country, he will
find that the spirit and principles of nullification
were never abandoned or put down in South Car-
olina. She did not cease her preparations for
resistance until this Government abandoned the
principles of that policy against which she was ,
arrayed.
Mr. STANLY. They were never abandoned,
and never will be.
Mr. STEPHENS. They were certainly aban-
doned by the compromise tariff bill, brought for-
ward in the Senate for conciliation, and this the
gentleman himself will hardly deny.
Mr. STANLY, i deny it: it was denied at the
time. 1
Mr. STEPHENS. I am not going into a dis-
cussion of the extent of the abandonment, at this
time and upon this subject. What I say is this:
The spirit of nullification, whether right or wrong,
never yielded until there was a yielding on the
part of this Government. It is not my object now
to say whether it was right or wrong. 1 was,
however, no nullifier. I did not believe in the doc-
trine of nullification, as taught in South Carolina,
any more than I did in the doctrines of the procla-
mation; but I say that the history of the country
bears me out in this, that General Jackson did
not put it down. I am opposed to this amend-
ment.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I must insist upon
my appeal, and submit to the Chair the fact, that,
after the gentleman from North Carolina [Mr.
Venable] offered his amendment and made his
speech 
I [Cries of "Order!" "Order!"]
I am in order,gentlemen. The gentleman from
North Carolina [Mr. Stanly] offered his amend-
ment, and a point of order was then made. The
Chair decided it to be out of order. An appeal
was taken, and the Chair was sustained. After
all that proceeding, an appeal was taken upon the
amendment.
Mr. GOODENOW. The gentleman is not in
order.
Mr. JONES. The question of order was made
upon the amendment offered by the gentleman
from North Carolina, [Mr. Venable,] it was de-
cided by the Chair to be in order, and an appeal
was taken from his decision and voted upon by
the House. It is not too late at any time before a
decision to make the question of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman does not
recollect the facts. After the whole proceeding,
of which he speaks had transpired, the amend-
ment of the gentleman from North Carolina [Mr.
Stanly] was read from the Clerk's desk, the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Dean] rose to a
point of order. The Chair overruled it, and his
decision was acquiesced in until after the gentle-
man from North Carolina had concluded his
speech, when the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Jones] renewed the same point of order. The
i Chair holds, that the point of order having been
overruled, and there being a general acquiescence
in it until after the gentleman from North Caro-
lina [Mr. Stanly] had concluded his speech, the
same point could not be again raised.
Mr. FLORENCE. I move further to amend
the 
The CHAIRMAN. Further amendments are
not in order.
Mr. FLORENCE. I have no doubt that the
gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. Stanly] will
accept my amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The question pending is
the amendment offered by the gentleman from
North Carolina, [Mr. Stanly.]
Mr. ORR. Is the amendment pending an ori-
ginal proposition ?
The CHAIRMAN. It was offered as an amend-
ment to the proposition of the gentleman from
North Carolina, [Mr. Venable.]
Mr. FLORENCE. 1 hope that the gentleman,
from North Carolina [Mr. Stanly] will accept an
amendment which 1 wish to offer.
Mr. ROBBINS. I call for the reading of the
pending amendment.
The amendment was again read.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask for tellers
upon the amendment.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Harris of
Alabama, and Gaylord were appointed.
Mr. McMULLIN. I desire to know if I have
not the right to ask the gentleman to modify his
amendment ?
[Cries of " Order!" "Order!"]
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair holds that it
would not be in order.
The question was then taken on Mr. Stanly's
amendment, and the tellers reported that there
were—ayes 52, noes 72. j
So the amendment was not agreed to. '■
The CHAIRMAN. The question recurs on '
the amendment proposed by the gentleman from
North Carolina, [Mr. Venable.]
Mr. STANLY. What is thesumin the amend-
ment of my colleague?
Mr. VENABLE. Three thousand dollars.
Mr. STANLY. I move to make it $4,000.
They will want a little more next year, and 1 hope
that the amendment will be adopted. The honor-
able gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Stephens,] a
while ago, said that General Jackson did not put
down nullification, and that the General Govern-
ment yielded 
Mr. HOUSTON. I rise to a question of order.
If we will waste our time this way, I desire the
gentleman to confine his remarks to the amend-
ment, and show why $4,000 should be appropria-
ted instead of $3,000.
Mr. STANLY. I think that it oughttobeone
thousand more for General Jackson's devotion to
the protective tariff so long as he lived. Put that
in, Mr. Clerk. I am willing to do this, not only
for his services in putting down secession and the
spirit of rebellion in 1833, but also for his steady
advocacy of a protective tariff. And I feel it, and
last year, I may say, I. was elected upon this feel-
ing, when the spirit showed itself in the district 1
represent. Though 1 drove away a few Whig
votes, 1 gained hundreds of honest Democrats by
avowing the principles which I avow here. Now,
about the tariff. Am I in order now ?
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask if the gentleman is in
order in discussing the tariff?
Mr. STANLY. You say that the gentleman
from Georgia [Mr. Stephens] was in order.
Mr. HOUSTON. That was a different propo-
sition.
Mr. STANLY. Not at all.
Mr. HOUSTON. I hold that he was not in
order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair holds that the
gentleman from North Carolina, {Mr. Stanly,)
having moved to increase the appropriation, has
clearly the right to state the reasons why he pro-
poses to increase it.
Mr. HOUSTON. He has the right to say why
it should be four instead of three.
The CHAIRMAN. To justify the appropria-
tion, the Chair holds that the gentleman from
North Carolina [Mr. Stanly] has a right to speak
of the public services of General Jackson.
Mr. STANLY. Yes, sir; and whose public
services in peace this country will remember with
gratitude as long as they will remember the name
of Andrew Jackson. Ever since he.grewupto
man's estate, he was as earnest an advocate of the
protective tariff as breathed in the land. He was
as earnest as Washington, as Jefferson, Madison,
or any other patriot who desired us to be free from
British power. In his celebrated letter to Dr.
Coleman, of North Carolina, I want no better
tariff doctrine, and General Jackson, in sustaining
that proclamation of his against secession and nul-
lification, determined that we should have protec-
tion. The gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Ste-
phens] is mistaken. I will take issue with him.
I am ready tf> meet him upon that question, that
the compromise tariff did secure protection. The
home valuation was the protective feature. The
journals of that day show it. It was the protective
policy that was complained of by the Nullifiers.
That they neverdestroyed. That was neveryield-
ed; for when the Government was nearly bank-
rupt, in the year 1842, we created another protect-
ive tariff. We have one now. Mr. Clay and Mr.
Clayton of Delaware claimed that protection was
not abandoned, and it was said that they would die
in their seats before that question should ever be
abandoned. That question of protection never was
abandoned. General Jackson himself would have
died by it, and if that home valuation could have
been carried out, it would have given protection to
American manufactures. We had to abandon
that and go back to the tariff of 1842, because
we could not carry out that feature of home valu-
ation, it being impracticable. The whole history
of the country at that time shows this.
The gentleman from Georgia, with his notions
against a protective tariff, may have thought so,
but in taking issue upon this question, he speaks
upon one side. Let him examine the debates at
that time. I maintain that they carry a complete
refutation of theideathat the tariff was abandoned
in 1832; but they establish <he fact that it was
secured by the compromise, and intended to be
secured by compromise by Mr. Clay, John M.
Clayton, and other great men of that day. I am
willing to make an issue upon that before the
country. I hope the amendment will be agreed to.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georeia. I wish to say
only a few words in reply. The point at issue
between the gentleman and myself was, whether
General Jackson put down nullification, and not
