416
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 27.
But with all the objects avowed, and those the
honorable Senator may not think it prudent to
avow as his objects and motives in the presenta-
tion of resolution after resolution upon subjects of
this nature, why these protracted discussions, day
after day? Why should we consume week after
week in such inflammatory discussions and ap-
peals?—discussions not always calculated to elicit
the truth, but rather to give an exaggerated im-
pression of dangers and consequences, not only
to the people of this country, but to foreign na-
tions. But even with the patriotic motives which
the gentleman may have of awakening the people
of the country to a sense of their wrongs and the
true condition of their foreign relations, and also,
if you please, of producing a salutary influence
upon the ambition of Great Britain and France,
or any other foreign nation that may think to
tread upon our rights, or dignity, or honor—even
with that object in view, would it not be of ten-
fold more importance, especially in reference to
any proposed effect upon foreign nations, if we
were to propose something more practical instead
of these continued debates and declarations—I will
not call them gasconading, though I really think
that, in the present condition of the country, for-
eign statesmen would have a right to consider
them as such. If the honorable Senator means to
notify Great Britain or France of the peril of in-
terfering with our rights or our honor, or of tres-
passing upon our dignity, or attempting to violate
any principle we have established with regard to
North American colonization, will he not agree
with me that the most powerful argument that
could be addressed either to England or France,
and to the common sense of our own continent,
would be to put ourselves somewhat in a condition
to maintain a conflict with them respectably and
honorably at the outset, and with some economy,
too; and that we should not be exposed to the
catastropheof a divided empire, the wresting from
us, at least for a time, the whole of our domain
on the Pacific coast, which, at the beginning,
would .be the practical result now, as every gen-
tleman who understands the condition of this
country must know?
Sir, X do not propose that we should put ten mil-
lionsof dollars at thedisposal of the Executive; but
if you would authorize the building of somefifteen
or twenty first-class screw steam frigates, and a
proportionate number of smaller ones, and appro-
priate a sufficient amount of money immediately
for the fortification of the Pacific coast, and such
points on the Atlantic—particularly the Tortugas
—as absolutely demand it, without saying what
was your object, it would have more significance
than all the speeches we could make from naw
to the 4th of March, and throughout the next
spring and summer, if we should continue on.
If we want to preserve peace—and the honorable
Senator says he does not want war, and none of
us want it—such a proceeding as that would have
the most powerful and most magical effect in pre-
serving peace. It would certainly have far more
effect than resolves upon paper—making procla-
mations of what we will do—what the spirit of
this country is ready to meet, proclaiming that we
are ready to exhaust our resources, and devote
our lives in the vindication of our honor. All that
may do very well; but make such a movement as
I have indicated;—pass the bill for the reorgani-
zation of the Navy; authorize the building of a
steam navy; appropriate promptly and now as
much money as can be expended for that purpose
during the year; and my word for it, it will have
more effect, and thelaudableand patriotic purposes
of the Senator from Michigan will be answered
far more effectively than by continuing this debate,
or pressing any new resolution of inquiry, or pro-
posing the repeal of the treaty of 1850. Such
measures, too, as I have indicated, are the proper
auxiliaries of any negotiation on our part with ref-
erence to the Bay Islands, and the organization of
a-more efficient British government at Balize or
British Honduras. Our negotiations upon all these
points, I repeat, will berfar more effectually aided
in that way than in any other; and I take it for
granted that the settlement of all these questions
is to be first attempted at least by the Executive,
before Congress shall proceed to take the control
of them, unless, indeed, we choose to plunge head-
long into a war.
Now, I submit to the honorable Senator from
Michigan whether we had not batter go on with
1 those measures which are before the Senate, of a j
practical nature, which will speak so much louder,
and be better understood, perhaps, than anything
we may say here about war? And if we make
such speeches as we have heard lately, and do
nothing of a more substantial or practical nature,
I -must say that all our belligerent declarations,
strong as they may be in terms, will be a course
of policy which will be regarded by foreign na-
tions, at least of so equivocal a character, as to
entirely fail of any salutary influence upon their
counsels. Why, if we should do nothing practi-
cal in regard to the objects of public security and
defense to which I have alluded, and yet be eter-
I nally debating and declaring what we would do if
foreign nations trench on our rights, our honor,
our interests, or any principles we may think it
1 proper to lay down in regard to their interference '
in North American colonization, or with the Cen-
tral American Governments, or what not, to what
other conclusion can foreign nations rationally
came, except that we do not mean all that we say?
I say the proper mode of effecting the objects
avowed by honorable Senators, is not the way in
which we are proceeding. I say this in great def-
erence to honorable Senators who take a contrary
course.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President 
Mr. BADGER. I hope the honorable Senator
from Virginia will allow me to make a suggestion.
I should be very glad if, by \inanimous consent,
just at this little interval in the debate, I could be
allowed to ask the Senate to take up and pass a
small practical bill which has been reported from
the Committee on the Judiciary. j
Mr. MASON. I suppose the debate can ter- j
minate very soon, and then the honorable Senator '
can make his motion. I desire, however, to say
that I can see no earthly objection to passing the
resolution which has been offered by the honorable
Senator from Michigan, for it does seem to me
that it is a proper subject of inquiry by the Senate,
and by the Senate through its appropriate com-
mittee, what effect, if any, the declarations of Mr.
Clayton and Sir Henry Bulwer, subsequent to the
ratification of the treaty, has upon the text of it.
I do not look upon itat all as calling upon the com-
mittee of the Senate to determinewhetherthe treaty
has or has not been violated; but it is to inform
the Senate, as a part of the treaty-making power,
whether the text of the treaty, the treaty itself, has
been affected by this addenda of the two Ministers.
The Senate will recollect the exact posture of
this question. That treaty was ratified by the
Senate as it stood; it was sent to England and rat-
ified by the Government there. The exchange of
ratifications was completed at Washington, and
the treaty was published as the law of the land.
Now, what was the treaty? Why, it was the
paper that passed the Senate. The contract and
engagement between the two nations was what
passed the Senate. And so far as lam informed,
: never, till this session, did we know of the exist-
ence of these papers, in the nature of an addenda,
to which I have alluded. I am free to admit that
they are papers of a very peculiar and remarkable
character; and it becomes exceedingly interesting
to the country to know what effect, if any, they
have upon the treaty engagement bfetween the two !
nations. That is all that I understand the honor- :
able Senator from Michigan contemplates; yet I
do not consider it a matter of any very great mo-
ment that the Senate should pass the resolution,
though I shall very cheerfully vote for it, because
that very subject is in fact now before the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations. The message of the
President, which communicated the first informa-
tion of the existence of these papers, has been re-
ferred to that committee, and 1 presume it will be
their appropriate duty to inquire and report to the
Senate upon all matters connected with that refer-
ence, and this will be included, as a matter of
course. I shall, however, very cheerfully vote for
the resolution, if it is put to a vote. •
I wish to say a word now in reply to what fell
from the honorable Senator from Tennessee. I
understood him as reporting me to have said
yesterday that I entertained no doubt that the
colonization of the Bay of Islands, if it has taken
place, is in violation of the Clayton-Bulwer
treaty.
Mr. BELL. I understood the honorable Sen-
ator to say that he had reason to believe the es-
tablishment of that colony was a fact. !
j Mr. MASON. 1 did say I had reason to be-
| lieve, but from information open to the whole
j Senate, that it was a fact that Great Britain had
ordained and established a colony at that point;
but I did not say that if such were the fact, it was
a violation of the treaty.
Mr. BELL. I stand corrected, then. But the
honorable Senator said it must be discontinued.
Mr. MASON. That is true. I did say that;
but yet I did not say that the colonization was a
violation of the treaty. I am not prepared to say
whether it is or is not a violation of the treaty.
What I said was, that if it was true that Great
Britain had instituted a colony at that point—
whether it was in violation of the treaty or not—
in my judgment, as an American Senator, that
colony must be discontinued. I mean in that, of
course, no threat to the Government of Great
Britain, or to any other Power whatever. I am
I speaking here as a member of this body; and
| I arn bound to speak what in my own judgment
must follow any existing state of things affecting
! the foreign relations of this country. How it is
to be discontinued is another question. I know
very well that great and powerful as that nation
is, she is civilized and enlightened, and that ques-
tions concerning nations are never to be settled by
war but as the very last resort. I contemplate no
war, and I take it for granted that if Great Britain
were satisfied either that that colony was in vio-
lation of the treaty, or that it was dangerous to
our peace and safety, her good sense would enable
i her to see the propriety of removing any such
cause of difference between the two countries.
That is all I meant.
Mr. BORLAND. Mr. President, I certainly
did not expect or intend to say anything upon this
subject when I came into the Senate this morning;
but we are presented with a state of things which
I think calls for a few words from this side of the
Chamber. I will not say, Mr. President, that we
have an exact parallel to a state of things which we
find iii a very celebrated correspondence, in which
a certain John Tooke, or John Home, exclaimed,
" Farce, comedy, and tragedy! Wilkes, Foote,
and Junius united, at the same time, against one
poor parson, are fearful odds"—but what has
taken place here, has called that to mind, although
not in exact parallel; for theSenate has witnessed,
commencing yesterday and continuing to-day,
what at any rate presents in appearance, whether
it be so in fact or not, a triumvirate combination
against the Senator from Michigan, beginning with
the Senator from New York [Mr. Seward] yes-
terday in a most ferocious attack, followed this
morning by the Senator from North Carolina,
[Mr. Mangom,] ar d continued still further by the
Senator from Tennessee, [Mr. Bell.]
The Senator from Michigan needs no defense or
vindication at my hands. He gave evidence yes-
terday, that, though a host eome against him, he
is equal to them all. But if he were not, there are
others who are better qualified than lam to vindi-
cate him against any assault or any combination
or conspiracy, made for the purpose of putting
him in a wrong position before the public, or to
defend any proposition he may present to the Sen-
ate. Without going back to what was said yes-
terday by the Senator from New York—for that
was too well answered by the Senator from Mich-
igan to need any notice at my hands—I hold it
always to be wrong to inflict a blow upon the van-
quished, or to open a grave and dig up a corpse.
Nor do I deem it necessary to say anything with
regard to what fell from the Senator from North
Carolina, [Mr. Mangcm.] There are, however,
one or two points in the remarks which fell from
the Senator from Tennessee, which it seems to me
require a passing notice. It appears to me that he
has misconceived the whole character and purport
of this resolution. He assumed, if I understood
his position, that this was a proposition on the
part of the Senator from Michigan to repeal the
treaty. Why, sir, it says nothing about repealing
the treaty. It is a proposition, on the contrary,
for requiring the fulfillment of the treaty, and to
ascertain how far an act done by an American
Secretary of State, in conjunction with a British
Minister, could go to impair the force and validity
of a treaty which had been ratified by the Senate
of the United States. That I understand to be the
purport of the resolution. £>oes it propose any
interference with the treaty ? Does it propose, or
even suggest its repeal ? Does it not, upon its
