THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
32d Congress, 2d Session.
FRIDAY, JANUARY 28, 1853.
New Series....No. 27.
very face, in the strongest terms, set forth that its
only object is to provide the meags of ascertaining
whether any unauthorized steps have been taken
by any person to impair the force and validity of
the treaty, and prevent its being carried out in
good faith, as the Senate intended when they rati-
fied it >
All three of the Senators to whom I have alluded,
as assailants upon the Senator from Michigan,
have proceeded upon the presumption that the
American people are not to be trusted with a
knowledge of their own affairs. We have found
them, not only now, but formerly, opposing every
proposition which looks to the full exposition of
the true state of public affairs before the people of
the United States; and, without intending to rouse
anything like party feeling, permit me to say to
the honorable Senator from Tennessee, that I think
he will find in the disposition manifested by the
party to which he belongs, not to trust to the vir-
tue, the intelligence, and patriotism of the Ameri-
can people( by submitting everything affecting
their interest to their full examination and consid-
eration, the reason why it is so seldom that the
American people have trusted the partyfto which
he belongs, and of which he is so distinguished a
leader. Facts show that the tendency of the policy
of that party has been not to throw all the facts
before the people which are necessary to give
them a fait opportunity to form a correct judg-
ment, proceeding upon the supposition that the
American people are not sufficiently virtuous, in-
telligent, and patriotic to be intrusted with the
information, and to reflect back such a judgment
upon the two Houses of Congress, as snail prop-
erly, wisely, and successfully, control the action
ofboth of these bodieB.
Mr. BELL. I desire to call the attention of
the Senator to one fact. There are gentlemen on
this side of the Chamber who have introduced
resolutions calling for information, and in open
session, too, and voted for them, and for their pub-
lication. I put that striking fact to him; and I
may add, that I think he has done injustice to
honorable Senators, with whom I am more inti-
mately connected than with others, to say that ,
they want to conceal any facts, or any knowledge,
from the people, which it Is in our power to give,
upon this subject. I beg to say, in regard to this
resolution, that I did not object to it because I
objected to any further inquiry into the facta in
relation to this treaty, but because it involved the ,
power in the Committee on Foreign Relations to
go even so far as to propose to give notice of the
repeal of that treaty.
Mr. BORLAND. The honorable Senator says
he has made no opposition to all these inquiries.
If the party to which he belongs, as represented
here, has made no opposition, I would like to
know where the opposition has come from ? Why
is not this resolution passed if there is no opposi-
tion to fUrther investigation of the subject ? What
, valid objection can the Senator have, except upon
the ground I have assumed, that the Committee on
Foreign Relations should gathel- up all the facts
they can, and lay them before the Senate for its
action, and before the country for its information ?
It seems to me there is no meaning in the Sen-
ator's opposition, and there is no meaning in the
opposition of the Senator from North Carolina,
to the action proposed by the Senator from Mich-
igan, unless this be so, as I take it those gentle-
men do not make an opposition here without some
meaning, and some purpose. I might be doing
them great injustice in my own estimation, if I
were to assume that they got up to talk for talk's
sake, and not for the purpose of subserving the
.public interests, by opposing a measure which, in
their opinions, is fraught with evil to the country:
In order to account "for their opposition, I went
back andlooked for somegeneral principle of action,
which has always seemed to me to control those
Senators, and tne party to which they belong, in
making objections to such measures generally. Jf
I am not aDle now to specify any particular act, I
appeal to the Senate, and to the American people,
to say whether such has not been the tendency of
27
the course pursued by the party to which, those
gentlemen belong, and whether such has not been
the judgment of the American people in the sen-
tence of condemnation they have passed over and
over again, and again very recently, upon that
party. I think it is because the leaders of that
party have never appreciated the true character of
the American mind, the capacity of the people for
judging of- their own affairs, and their readiness
and determination always to exercise the judg-
ment and right which belong to them in these
matters. They have failed to establish themselves
in the confidence of the American people, and
always will fail. By chance, occasionally I know
they slip into power, but only four years roll by
before, by an increased majority, they are hurled
from power.
Now, Mr. President, the Senator from Michi-
gan, if not actually denounced here by the Senators
who have opposed his proposition, lias been held
up to the American people as a man- ready and
desirous, without regard to consequences, to hurry
this country into a war, or to exhibit himself to
the Senate and the world in the attitude of bully-
ing and blustering against the world.
Mr. MANGUM. I have never said so.
Mr. BORLAND. The Senator himself may
not have said so, but I apprehend that those who
heard, and those who will read his remarks, will
draw no inference but that such is the position in
which he has attempted to place the Senator from
Michigan.
Mr. President, as I Sfcid before, it is not'for roe
to defend the Senator from Michigan, but I will
say for myself, that 1 do not think I can be mis-
taken in that sympathy which I feel in my heart
that I have with an overwhelming majority of the
American people for the sentiments which he has
expressed in the course of this discussion. And
i those especially whfch he presented yesterday,
with so much force and eloquence, will find a re-
sponse in the hearts of this people which will come
back to him in words of approval, which will be
enough to satisfy his ambition or that of any other
man, though he might aspire even to the clouds.
He needs no higher eulogy than his own senti-
ments, expressed yesterday, will gain for him
from every man, from one end of the Union to-the
other, who has an American heart in his bosom.
I must confess, sir, that in the commencement of
this discussion, I did not see so much of practical
value in the resolution, and as I said to the Sena-
tor at first, I did not know, when we commenced
this series of investigations, whether I was dis-
posed or prepared to go fully along with him; but
the discussion, and the manner in which he has
presented the subject, and the kind of opposition
which has been aroused against him, has excited
in me, if not a more enlightened understanding of
the subject, a more American feeling, which will
frompt me to sustain every proposition he makes.
do not believe he can carry it further than I
would follow, and gladly follow him. Sir, permit
me to say—and I trust it will not be out of place—
that though for some years past I may not have
riven to the course pursued by that distinguished
Senator such a full and cordial approval in my
judgment as my heart has prompted, yet within
the last two or three days, and especially yester-
day, he has said and done enough to bind me to
him in .all time to come, and to cause me to feel
that wherein I have differed from him heretofore,
.1 should distrust my own judgment, and be more
cautious in the future when my views differ from
his.
Mr. GWIN. I desire to make an inquiry.
How can we get clear of this resolution, so that
we may take up the Pacific railroad bill ?
The PRESIDENT. By making the motion
that it lie on the table.
Mr. GWIN. I make that motion.
Mr. CASS asked for the yeas and nays on the
motion; and they were ordered; and being taken
resulted—yeas 9, nays 37; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Dawson, Fish, Gwin, Houston, Man-
gum, Morton, Spruance, Wade, and Weller—9.
NAYS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Bell, Borland, Brad-
bury, Bright, Brodhead, Brooke, Butler, Cass, Cliarlton,
Chase, Clarke, De Saussure, Dodge of Wisconsin. Dodge
of Iowa, Downs, Felch, Fitzpatrick, Geyer, Hale, Hamlin,
Hunter, James, Jones of Iowa, Jones of Tennessee, Mal-
lory, Mason, Miller, Norris, Pettit, Sebastian, Seward,
Souie, Sumner, Underwood, and Walker—37.
So the motion to lay the resolution on the table
was rejected.
The PRESIDENT. The question recurs on
postponing the consideration of the resolution
until the 4th of March.
Mr. HALE. Does that open the merits of the
whole question to discussion ?
The PRESIDENT. It does, in the opinion of
the Chair.
Mr. HALE. I have a few words to say on
this subject, but I shall endeavor to make what I
have to say practical. I think Senators—and 1 say
it with great deference and diffidence—are mistaken
in their understanding of the true position which
the Constitution intended they should take. It
was intended that this should be a conservative,
■deliberative body; and therefore the Constitution
prescribes that no gentleman who has not attained
the venerable age of thirty years shall be a mem-
ber of it. The House of Representatives waa
intended to be the arena in which ambitious
young men should exhibit their talents, and make
remarks to commend themselves to the popular
favor; but this body was intended to be a practi-
cal, deliberative body. I fear we are departing a
little from the spirit of the Constitution in this
respect.
I want to say a word or two on this resolution;
and I intend to preface it by saying that I enter-
tain as kind feelings towards the Senator from
Michigan as the Senator from Arkansas does, but
I shall not express them this morning, because I
think the Senator from Arkansas has given the
Senator from Michigan as much as he wants to
digest to-day. [Laughter.] I will therefore re-
serve mine for another occasion. But, sir, the
honorable Senator from Arkansas began his re-
marks by saying that he would not strike the
vanquished, neither would he dig open a grave to
exhume a dead body; and as soon as he had made
that preface, the rest of the speech was a pell-mell
attack upon the Whig party, from which I sup-
pose we are to understand that the Whig party is
neither vanquished nor dead, because he would
not attack the one nor exhume the other.
But now, as to this resolution and this debate,
I am opposed to the whole of it. 1 am very sorry
to differ from men who know so much more than
I do, but I will tell you why I am opposed to it.
In 1850, and about that time, there was a great
alarm got up that the union of these States was
in danger—in great danger. I think I have heard
men with serious faces, since then, say that they
were actually frightened at that time; and, sir,
there has been a great meed of merit awarded to
those patriotic citizens that stepped forward at
that period, and, at great personal risk, saved the
Union. Now I am taught by experience, and I
will tell you whftt I see in the future. I see that
by-and-by some of those patriots will come for-
ward, ana represent that tnis country was on the
verge of a war—a tremendous war—with Great
Britain, whose navy is so powerful that one of
her ships is able to be&t the whole of ours, and
that they came forward, and, at great personal
riski threw themselves into the breach, and saved
the country from that war—just exactly as the
Union was saved three years ago. I think we
are in as much danger of getting into war as we
were of losing the Union three years ago—just
exactly about as much; and it requires as much
patriotic self-sacrifice to preserve peace as it did
to preserve theUnion. Let me express my convic-
tions. Thereare some people who place confidence
in what I say; it is true .they are very few, but they
hav£,a right to be protected under the Constitu-
tion. I want to say to those peaple that there is
no sort of danger in the world of a war with Great
Britain. I should not have said so, if l had not
read the Pickwick Papers, where there is a way
suggested in which most violent, most provoking,
and most offensive things may be said, and an
