422
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 27,
those who are to build it with an expense almost I
equal to the cost of the iron. How will you trans- 1
poit it ? If you do not connect with some line of ,
railroad or some water transportation, how can
you carry the material to the point of beginning
except By inland transportation, by natural roads
ever a country very unsuited, especially opposite
the mouth of the Ohio, for land transportation?
I have no sort of objection to fixing the terminus
of the road and making a single road, provided,
while we do that, if we intend to build it out of
the public lands, or from the Treasury, provision
is made for connecting it with the systems on the
east side of the Mississippi. I cannot vote for the
proposition of the honorable Senator from Ohio
lor that reason; and I think we cannot undertake
to make the road upon the plan of tjiis bill by
establishing any one line without a provision for
branches. The honorable Senator from Ohio
would find that unless that terminus should be in
connection with the central system runningthrough
the State of Ohio, that system would be cut off,
or wherever you may attempt to make the con-
nection within the States you will be dependent
upon other States for the privilege to do it; and
how, I will ask, with the spirit which has pre-
vailed in someof the States of this Union, is that to
be obtained? If you make the terminus in Iowa,
how will Missouri approach it without permission
from Iowa, and what is the probability that that
permission will be given unless shecould approach
it on the west side of the Missouri river? How
will Arkansas—how will any State to the south of
it—connect with that terminus, dependent as she
will be on the favor of the States already in con-
nection with the road,and desirous to monopolize
the transportation over it ? These are suggestions
which I throw out for the consideration of the
Senate.
Mr. BROOKE. I believe,-Mr. President, that
this subject has been referred to a select commit-
tee of the Senate; I understand, at any rate, that
there is a committee of the Senate which has taken
cognizance of this matter. I have great confidence
in the members of that committee. I believe that
they will report a bill that will receive the sanction
of the Senate, and I therefore see no use in wasting
time in the discussion of the impracticable meas- j
ure that has been introduced by the honorable ;
Senator from California, and I therefore move !
that the bill, with all the proposed amendments, j
be referred to the Select Committee of which the
Senator from Texas [Mr. Rusk] is chairman.
Mr. GWIN. I suppose the gentleman [Mr.
Brooke] thinks this is an impracticable bill, be-
cause he has not examined it, or cannot compre-
hend it. The Select Committee can act as well
without this bill, as if it were referred. The mem-
bers of that committee may,and no doubt will, be
regulated in their actions by the discussions which
may take place here.
In this discussion an idea seems to have pre-
vailed, that for the want of more precise informa-
tion of the country through which this road will
* pass, legislation should proceed no further than
merely to direct a preliminary reconnoissance, so
as to fix upon and determine a practicable route.
This opinion, in my judgment, if sustained by the
Senate, will produce the most serious injury to the
public interests. What will be its effects ? A loss
of two years in the commencement of the work,
if Congress should hereafter proceed in the con-
sideration of the measure in the ordinary pace in
which the business of legislation is disposed of
here. Let the project at the present session go by
default in this way, and who will shoulder the re-
sponsibility ? It will be in vain to expect hereafter,
under any circumstances, that the road can be
commenced before the spring «f 1855. The meas-
ure, we may hope, will come up for consideration
at the next session of Congress. It would then
lead to a general and protracted, if not a most
profitless discussion; and the country will be for-
tunate indeed if it should become alaw at the close
of the first session of the next Congress—say in
thfe fall of 1854. It will then be too late to begin
operations, /or the winter will be at hand, and
from necessity the work must lay over until the
spring of 1855, even if by that time the necessary
contracts could be entered into and consummated.
It has been stated time and again in this debate*,
thit we have not the necessary information in re-
gard to the country, to pass a railroad bill during
this session. This is a great mistake, and likely
to be a fatal one to this great measure, if not cor- |
rected. In the remarks which I submitted to the ]
Senate at the commencement of this discussion, I
stated that I based the route laid down in this bill
upon the most reliable information.
1 will now proceed to substantiate this state-
ment. I have already brought to the notice of the
Senate the carefully-prepared statement of Mr.
Kern, which must commend itself to the confi-
dence of every one who reads it. But in order to
give it the highest authenticity, I procured its in-
dorsement from Captain Sitgreaves, Major Cun-
ningham, Lieutenant Parke, and Major Backus,
of the United States Army; also, the Hon. Mr.
Messervy, late a Delegate in Congress from New
Mexico, and Mr. Jones, an extensive Govern-
ment contractor in that Territory. I will now 1
read these letters, and they will speak for them- i
selves: |
Washington, January 24,1853. '
Sir : i had the honor to receive your note, asking my
opinion of the practicability of the route for a railroad to
the Pacific proposed in Mr. r. h. Kern's letter to you of the
10th instant.
My personal knowledge is limited to a small part of the
route in question, traversed in a late exploration having
other objects, and m which i was accompanied by Mr.
Kern. In that portion no formidable obstacles present
themselves, except those that are common to all the routes,
namely, the scarcity of timber and water; but from Mr.
Kern's extensive acquaintance with the country, i regard
him as more competent than any other i know to give an
intelligent opinion on the subject. As far as my own
knowledge enables me to judge, i entirely concur in the
views expressed in his letter to you.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
l. SITGREAVES,
Brevet Captain United States Jirmy,
Hon. W. M. Gwin, Senator.
Washington, January 24, 1853.
Sir: i have examined with much interest the letter of
Mr. r. h. Kern, addressed to you on the 10th instant, and
find that it contains a fair and just view of the country
between Albuquerque and Fort Defiance, in New Mexico,
referred to in your note. i have good reason to believe that
no very formidable obstacles to a railroad will be found be- j
tween Albuquerque and the seven villages of Moqui, near j
the Little Colorado; and those who have traveled from !
Moqui to the Pacific represent that portion of the route ;
quite equal to that section of it which lies between Moqui
and the Rio Grande. The absence of deep snows in the |
winter, and the abundanceof timber (with somecoal)on j
this route, will give it some advantages over a more north- r
erly route. j
i consider it well worth a careful examination, which j
alone can determine the relative merits of the different
routes in question.
i am, most respectfully, your obedient servants
e. backus.
Hon. w. M. Gwin, United States Senate.
Washington, January 23.1853.
Sir: i have just received youf letter of the 21st'instant,
and in reply i have the honor to state that i have read
r. h. Kern's letter, addressed to you on the 10th instant,
on the comparative practicability of the several routes for a
railroad to the Pacific, and do concur with him in the views
therein expressed.
Mr. Kern, from a very long residence in New Mexico,
and from having been employed as an assistant on several
military reconnoissances both in that and in the Tndian Ter-
ritory, has amassed a fund ot information about the general
features of the country from the valley of the Mississippi
river to the Pacific ocean, which is probably unequaled by
that of any other individual. Onthe particular point, " the
crossing of the Rio Grande," he is fully competent to pro-
nounce, having passed through the valley of the river from
its head waters to the town el Paso.
i have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedi-
ent servant, JNO. g. parke,
Bvt. 2d Lt. Corps Top, Enters.
Hon. w. m. Gwin. r 6
Washington, January 24,1853.
Sir : Yours of the 21st instant, asking my opinion of the
practicability of the route for the Pacific railroad, as indi-
cated by Mr. r. h. Kern in his letter to you of the 10th !
instant, has been received, and i have the honor of replying j
as follows: !
i have carefully read Mr. Kern's letter, and coincide fully j
with the views therein expressed. i am well acquainted '
with portions of the route, andean vouch for the correct- j
ness of his statement in regard to it; and from having trav- '
eled with him on reconnoissances in different parts of New !
Mexico, i cannot speak too highly of his industry in collect- j
ing, and sound judgment in arranging facts bearing onthe '
geography of that Territory, and, therefore, can give the
fullest credence to his descriptions of that part of the route !
I have not seen. j
i feel sure there is no person having the same amount of
information on this subject as Mr. Kern, and i know of none
other better qualified to express a sound and intelligent ,
opinion upon it.
i ain, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
F.A.CUNNINGHAM, ,
Paymaster, United States Jlrmv.
Hon. Wm. M. Gwin. * j
Washington City, D. C., ) i
National Hotel, January 2-2, 1853. £ j
Sir : In reply to your note of the 2lst instant, asking my i
opinion as to the practicability of the New Mexican route i
I for the Pacific and Atlantic railroad as described by R. Hg
Ktrn, E&q., in his letter to you of the 10th instant, I be
leave to i-ay, in my opinion, R. H. Kern, Esq., possessee
more accurate knowledge of the topography of the Who!-
of the qpplored portion of New Mexico than any other per^
son. Mr. K. drew, and was one of the ptinci pal compilers o
the only reliable map of that Territory ever published ;?and
in the practice of his profession of surveyor and draughts-
man, for the last three years, has had ample opportunity
afforded him to speak from personal observation of a great
portion of the country through which your proposed route
runs.
During the last year, Mr. K. has been unremittingly en-
gaged in collecting facts relating to this great work, which
has enabled hun to explain with the aid of the map, in a
clear and simple manner, the practicability of your route;
and I have no doubt it possesses superior advantages over
any other with which I am acquainted, it being shorter,
more easily graded, and can be traveled at all seasons of the
year; and at the same time, has the great merit of recon-
ciling and harmonizing all sectional interests, as it will
afford equal facilities of communication with the Pacific,
to the northern, middle, and southern States.
In Mr. Kern I recognize a gentleman of a high order of
talent in his profession, and one whose integrity and intelli-
gence recommend his opinions to be received with the
fullest confidence.
I have the honor to be, roost respectfully, yours,
WM. S. MEdSERVY.
Hon. Wm. M. Gwin, Washington city, D. C.
P. S. I am in receipt of letters from Santa F4, dated
December 1st, last« in which I am advised that Mr. F. X.
Aubry, the "great prairie^traveler," had just started for
California with a train of wagons by " Walker'* Pass.''
Yours, &c., WM. S. M.
Washington, January 23, 1853.
Sir: Having read Mr. R. H. Kern's letter, of the 10th
instant, in reply to yours asking for certain information re-
garding the best route for a railroad to the Pacific, and no-
ticing that he speaks of the route between Anton Chico and
Albuquerque as the only place where any obstacles are to be
encountered in the first section, I have the honor of pre-
senting the following in elucidation of that point:
I have been a contractor for the transportation of Govern-
ment supplies to New Mexico since 1848, and in the autumn
of that year I passed over the portion alluded to above with
a tram of over three hundred wagons, averaging five thou-
sand five hundred pounds to each one; and in 1851 traveled
the same route with.the same average load. I found the road
perfectly practicable, and on this account followed it, though
by so doing it made my journey to Santa Fe some seventy-
five miles longer.
The above loads are heavier than can be hauled over un-
graded roads of the same length inthe States, with the same
teams.
Hoping you will excuse the liberty I have taken, I am,
very respectfully, your obedient servant,
JOHN S. JONES.
Hon. Wm. M. Gwin, United States Senate.
But I will not stop here. I find in the Senate
documents of the last Congress, an able letter
written by Captain Ord, of the United States
I Army, who had been dispatched by General Ri-
, ley to report upon the practicability of this very
route for a railroad. This letter was written more
than three years ago, and I will now read it, as I
, think it is conclusive on the subject.
Monterey, California, December 30, 1849.
Sir: In Answer to your request, that I should condense
such information as I may have collected upon the facility
of constructing a rail or other road through the country
lying between the southeast corner of California and the
valley of the Upper Rio Grande, allow me to state : The
sad condition in which immigrants arrive by both the land
routes to California, led me to inquire it' a better interme-
diate route did not exist, over which I knew the padres,
during the Spanish times, used to pass.
The Mojave valley is a sort of continuation oftheTulare,
is the nearest habitable and fertile district of California to
New Mexico, and is connected, by the passes of Walker,
the Tejou, and " Cajou de los Mejicanos," with the most
fertile of the great plainsof the Pacific. Though thiscoun-
try is thickly populated for an Indian country, the Indians
are so peaceable that parties of two, three, and four whites
are in the continual habit of traveling therein ; and it was
from this district that (I was invanably told by the oldest"
and best-informed trappers) led the shortest and best road
to New Mexico, entering the valley of the Rio Grande some-
where opposite the town of Albuquerque. To connect these
I have resorted to all the oldest maps and mountain men
within my reach ; and I have learned that, leavmgthe upper
end of the great San Joaquin or Tulare plain, via Walker's
Pass, parties have gone through a well-watered, timbered,
and habitable district, without crosting any mountains, to
the Mojave, or Rio de los Martires, (which rivers, I think,
are one, though some maps separate them,) about one hun-
dred and forty miles. Thence following down the course
of this river, (which runs through a fertile valley, with
abundance oftimber on its banks,) about sixty miles; thence
striking across the sand hills and plains, about ninetv or a
hundred miles, to the "Paso de los Padres" of the Colo-
rado, which is represented as a good pass or ford, lying at
the head of" Long Canon thence taking one of two val-
leys—one of which comes in from the northeast of the
"Paso," and runs at about five leagues distance from the
river, and nearly parallel thereto, and the other conies into
the valley of the river about ten leagues to the eas-t of the
Paso, and runs also northeast and southwest, at about ten
leagues distance from the river, lly the first of these it is
about forty, and by the second fifty leagues to the valley of
a small tributary of the Colorado ; and, following up this
valley, heading the stream to the north,"striking the valley
of the Jaquesitaator near the head of the first-named stream
—following up tms valley, it is about thirty leagues (as
