1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
423
above) to Ormybe; thence lire pueblo*, at short intervals, in 1
the Moqui country; and a miul, which t And laid down in
an old English map, via Osoli, Casiut, to Tufii, which in on
tbe eastern slope of Hie Mimbres, and has a gentle, practi-
cable (to R. road) deaaent to Acoma, in the valley of the
Del Norte. The comparative freedom of this route from
deserts and mountain ridges, depends upon the statements
of all the best-informed and oldest trap|iers with whom I
have conversed. The country was partly passed over by
Padre Garces, in 1775, whose course, as far as Oraybe, I
have described from a manuscript map obtained from the
former Secretary of State in (his country, and which is the
original of Padre Foul, dated 1777. The piece of sand-hills
lying between the Mojave and El Paso de los Padres can, I
am informed by an old trapper, be partly avoided by leaving
the Mojave on the present well-known Mexican trail, fol-
lowing that for about three days, and then striking off to the
east-southeast. The only difficulty to opening this road at
once, results in the large and numerous tribes of hostiles be-
tween the Del Norte and the Colorado; and this, if properly
viewed, is a fortunate and inevitable difficulty, to be sought
and encountered as one of tbe greatest recommendations in
favor of the country in which it exists. A population is a
proof of the fertility of the district, and is found on none of
the other routes to this country, for such roads were opened
by solitary trappers, or small parties of Mexicans, who
•ought deserts rather than encounter I ndians. I f the people
of the United States want a road from New Mexico to this
country, they would not select a hot, cold, or sterile district t
in which to build it, or be deterred in the work by the knowl-
edge that the best country for it is occupied by powerful or
hostile Indians. Besides, 'the very means necessary to
pacify such hostiles are the most certain to lead to the open •
ing of a good road, the rapid rise of towns and village*, and
tbe final completion of such means of communication
through the land as the age, tbe wants, and abilities of the
people might suggest—I mean the establishment of a line of
forts through the country, as soon as an official examination
ttmcof might authorize it.
Respectfully, your obedient servant,
E. O. C. ORD,
First Lieutenant Third Artillery.
Major E. R. 8. Cabby, -Assistant Adjutant General, Tenth
Military Department, Monterey, California.
From this statement it seems that the route from
tbe Pacific to the Rio Grande by Walker's Pass,
was explored in 1775, more than seventy-five
yean ago, and before our Declaration of Inde-
pendence, by those intrepid pioneers, the Catholic J
priests, who were the founders of civilization on
the Pacific coast of the United States. ThePuebla
Indians between the Rio Grande and the Colorado
on this route, are peaceable and industrious. They
live in a rich country, and have had for years
many thousand acres of land in cultivation. So
mucn for the route west of the Rio Grande and on
the Canadian river leading towards the Missis-
sippi. I will now read what Captain Marcy says
of his late exploration of the Red river, in a letter
addressed to my honorable friend, the Senator
from Arkansas, [Mr. Sebastian:]
" I explored all ffie principal branches of Red river to
their extreme sources, and made a careful examination of
tbe country bordering upon them all. 1 have made exten-
sive collections of minerals, plants, reptiles, &c., and am
provided with data to make a very accurate map of the
country passed over. 1 found a very extensive district of
country reaching up Red river much further taaa any one
has bad an idea of before, which is as fine airagricultural
district as I ever saw. The timber is good and abundant;
the soil of the best quality, well watered, and the climate
delightful. This must eventually be settled, and the natural
outlet will be the Arkansas river. 1 also found an abund-
ance of copper ores which have the appearance of being
rich."
I hope the doubt will not again be expressed
that this-is not an ascertained practicable route for
a railroad, and I feel assured that this proof of its
practicability will satisfy the Senator from Illinois
[Mr. Shields] that the country is not volcanic;
the Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Underwood]
that it does not pass through the unexplored desert
of the Great Basin; and the Senator from South
Carolina [Mr. Butler] that it is not necessary to
postpone action on this bill to make the necessary
reconnoissance to locate the road.
Should the bill be passed at the present sessisn,
the road may be located and perhaps commenced
before or during the next fall. This is an import-
ant consideration. It will not be necessary to de-
termine the precise location of the tchole route by
that time, but only its general course. The road
could be commenced at once at Ban Francisco,
and a similar course might be pursued from the
termini on the Mississippi and Gulf coast.
I must draw the especial attention of Senators
to the fact, that it is a great error which prevails
with some in regard to the restrictions of the bill.
They are not as arbitrary, by any means, as has
been supposed. There is but one point on the west
which is absolutely indicated, to wit: San Fran-
cisco. On the east, the term " near the southwest
corner of Arkansas" allows considerable latitude, |
for if desirable, the road might traverse the bank 1
of Canadian river instead of Red river, or be run
south of Red river through Texas. Whilst, as
to the termini on the Mississippi, any points from
New Orleans to the northern boundary of the
State of Iowa, are open far selection. What
more latitude could be asked in reason ? for there j
is no route which is now proposed but falls be- 1
tween those points. The whole coast of Texas,
in like manner, is open for the terminus of the
proposed branch in that State.
A great diversity of opinion—the result, to some
extent, of sectional, local interests—exists as to the
point of termination of the main trunk ; and a desire
has been expressed to leave that an open question
to be determined by the President. This has here-
tofore been the cause of deferring the measure,
and unless waived, might defeat the present bill.
To obviate this difficulty, and reconcile local inter-
ests, it was deemed proper to establish branches
in a northerly, easterly, and southern direction.
This, in my opinion, is a great merit in the bill;
for who will say they are not important, nay ne-
cessary, to the great States through which it is
decreed they should pass ? It seems to me that it
would be illiberal legislation, and inconsistent
with this work of the age, to dispense with those
branches, for it is impossible without them to pro-
ject a location that would equalize all interests and
do justice to all concerned. Whether they are to
constitute a part of the original plan or not, they
must be made at no distant day; for the States im-
mediately interested, nay the public interest, will
demand and insist upon them. Why, then, em-
barrass this measure by such objections? Is there
any good reason for it ? To say that the work is
too stupendous is no reason at all; for will any
man stand up in this body and say that the spirit
and means of the nation are not equal to the un-
dertaking ? I think not. There is r.o reason,
1 then, for cutting off these important features of
i the bill. If not wanted, if unnecessary, let it be
so declared at once, and the grounds for the dec-
laration shown, and then the responsibility of dis-
figuring the measure will lay in thl proper quarter;
| but if required, then do not let it be said, in dis-
i paragement of the national energy, that the work
is too great for them.
I 1 must insist, then, upon the material provis-
] ions of this bill, and am willing to do anything in
. my power that will concentrate the opinions of
Senators in favor of it; and to this end I shall sub- j
mit the following additional section, at the proper
time, if it meets with the favor of the Senate:
nd be itfurther enacted, That when the proper recon-
noiasancea shall have been made to determine the location of'
tbe road and its several branches, as herein contemplated,
the President of the United States shall be, and he is hereby,
authorized and empowered to so far modify or change the
several general calls of the routes herein mentioned and
their termini, as considerations of the public interest and
the facts in his judgment may require, preserving, however,
so far as practicable, the main features of tbe plan for a
road and branches herein set forth.
j If a better plan cannot be matured, and if it is
: necessary to give this enlarged power to the Pres-
ident to get this bill through, 1 am prepared and
willing, at a proper time, to offer such a section. ;
I have confidence in the President elect, and am
willing to intrust-him with this power, believing j
he will use it to promote the public interest. The
people have shown by their votes that they have
confidence in him, and this enlarged power could
not be placed in safer hands. I invite discussion
as to the merits of this bill, not wholesale condem-
nation without reason. If the scheme here em-
bodied is impracticable, offer a better, free from
grave objections, and if it meets with favor in this
body,I will sustain it. Butletus have discussion,
followed by decisive action this session.
Mr. BROOKE. Mr. President, when I spoke
of the impracticability of the measure of the Sen- '
ator from California, I did not refer to the route, i
On the contrary, I concur with him that that, in
all probability, is practicable. I referred to the
means that he has proposed for the building of the
: road. But I hope that any plan which may be
presented for the consideration of the Senate, will
leave the termini and the route to be adopted here-
after, on surveys made with that view. The Sen-
ator, however, complains that the action contem-
plated by my motion will postpone this matter
until 1855. I have a more serious complaint to
make of his measure. I believe that if it is adopt-
ed, it will postpone the completion of this work
till the year 2023. I have examined the Senator's
bill with some care, and I have examined it in
connection with the Whitney project, which has
been so much pressed before Congress. I have
before metheopinions of somegentlemen, eminent
for theirexperience and ability in railroad matters,
giving some estimate of the time that it would take
to build this railroad according to that plan. The
only difference I can see between the Whitney
plan and the plan of the Senator from California
is, that Mr. Whitney goes rather more into detail
than that Senator. Let me present the paper to
which I allude.
The memorial of John Plumbe to the Congress
x>{ the United States, contains the following illus-
tration on this point:
The following brief letter, which has been repeatedly
published, has never been satisfactorily answered, and it
is therefore presumed that Mr. Whitney is unable to con-
trovert the general correctness of its contents:
Boston, September 10,1849.
To the Chamber of Commerce, New York:
Gentlemen : we observe that you recommend Whit-
ney's plan for a railroad to the Pacific. We had previously
understood that you were in favor of some plan that would
insure the use of the road to the present generation. Will
you be so kind as to explain to us how the use of the road
can be obtained for the present generation by Whitney's
plan
He proposes first to build ten miles of road, and then
(by the sale of lands) to create the means of building the
next ten miles. May we not safely assume that it will take
him at least one year to build the first ten miles, then one
year more to sell the land ; then three years more to get his
pay? Thus, at the end of five years, he will be prepared
(money in hand) to build the next ten miles.
According to thi  ratio of five successive years for each
successive ten miles, it will take eight hundred and fifty
years to make one thousand seven hundred and fifty miles
of railroad ! If (by a stretch of imagination) it should be
said that he will, in a single year, build the ttr#t ten mileB,
and within the same year sell his land and get his pay, even
then it will take one hundred and seventy years to build One
thousand seven hundred miles of railroad.
An early reply will oblige, respectfully,
WILLIAM INGAIjLS,
E. H. DERBY,
J. C. DUNN,
P. P. F. DEGRAND,
O. D. ASHLEY,
Committee.
Then, as to the plan of the Senator from Cali-
fornia, it is, in reference to the means, identically
the same with that of Mr. Whitney, and that is
to build the road by land alone. According to the
most liberal estimate furnished by the gentleman,
it would take one hundred and seventy years to
complete the road on his plan, and that would
bring us to the year 2023. The adoption of his
plan, therefore, would be the postponement of the
building of the road until that time. I am, there-
fore, opposed to it. I am opposed to the means,
and not to the route, and for that reason I denom-
inate the scheme impracticable; and not wishing
to see the time of the Senate wasted with the dis-
cussion of this impracticable bill, I have made a
motion to refer it to the Select Committee appointed
by the Senate to take cognizance of the matter,
hoping that they will produce something practi-
cal, something that will meet the sanction of the
Senate. I do not believe that any one Senator can
produce any scheme, or bring forward any propo-
sition, that will meet the sanction of the whole Sen-
ate. But I hope, and 1 believe, that the Select Com-
mittee, representing the various interests involved,
will bring forward some satisfactory scheme.
Mr. RUSK, I shall vote against the reference
Of this bill to the Special Committee on this sub-
ject, because I think that it is entirely unnecessary.
They have a bill before them already, and they
have worked pretty hard on that bill. That one
bill brings the whole subject before them, as much
as if they had all the bills referred to them. At
the time I made the motion t<? refer the bill which
is now under the consideration of the Special
Committee, I stated, as one of the reasons why I
did so, that they would be enabled by discussion,
and by the interchange of opinions in the Senate
upon this bill, to so frame one as to meet the
views of the Senate. If the bill is to be passed,
and become a law, it must be by the votes of the
Senate, and by the votes of the House of Repre-
sentatives; and I think the committee, in prepar-
ing the bill, should avail themselves of the indica-
tions of sentiment in each body. I do not know
how it may be with others, but for myself I have
been considerably instructed this morning by the
desultory discussion which has grown up on this
bill, pushed off, as it has been, until nearly three-
o'clock. I have learned by ^he discussion of this
morning certain factB which are very important to
be taken into consideration by the committee, as
well as by the Senate. I allude to the fact men-
