1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
425
Connecticut  254,.890 20
Vermont    223,028 93
New York  1,338,173 57
New Jersey   52
Pennsylvania  955,838_ 26
Delaware  95,583 83
Maryland  318,612 75
Virginia  732,809 34
North Carolina  477,919 13
South Carolina  350,474 03
Georgia  350,474 03
Alabama    223,028 93
Louisiana  159,306 38
Mississippi  127,445 10
Kentucky  477,919 13
Tennessee  477,919 13
Ohio  669,086 78
Missouri  127,445 10
Indiana  286,751 48
Illinois  159,306 38
Arkansas  95,583 83
Michigan  , 95,583 83
Which several sums amount to  9,367,214 98
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That to carry into
effect the provisions aforesaid, for the purposes hereinafter
mentioned, the Secretary of the Treasury of the United
States be directed to cause to be prepared a certificate of
stock for each State, containing the amounts as specified in
the first section, to be deposited with it, signed by said Sec-
retary, and countersigned by the Register of the Treasury,
bearing an interest of five per centum per annum, payable
half-yearly on the first day of January and the first day of
July, commencing on the first day of January in the year
1853.
Sec. 3. Be it further enacted, That this deposit is to
be made with said StateB, to transport to Liberia, in Africa,
the free people of color within said States, respectively, and
tp provide for and to educate said people, as each State en-
titled to the stock may direct; and when any State afore-
said, by an act for that purpose, shall agree to accept the
deposit and appropriate the interest accruing thereon fortbe
purposes aforesaid, or either of them, the said Secretary of
tbe Treasury, on being notified thereof by an authenticated
copy of the act, shall deliver to the Governor of said States
so accepting said deposit the certificate of stock, prepared
for said State in manner aforesaid, or to such other officer
as the State may designate.
Sec. 4. Be it further enacted, When a State that ac-
cepts the said stock shall thereafter decline or omit to ap-
propriate and expend the interest, according to tbe true in-
tent and meaning of this act, the interest -on said stock so
deposited with that State shall cease, so long as the State
shall thus decline or omit to carry this act into effect.
Sec. 5. Be it further enacted. The principal of said
stock is not to be paid without the express direction of
Congress.
Sec. 6. Jlni be it further enacted, That when said
States shall have removed all such free persons of color
residing in their respective borders, as hereinbefore men-
tioned, then the balance of the money to which they are
entitled shall ba appropriated by said States to the education
of the poor, or to internal improvements within their re-
spective borders, as to each State shall seem right and
projier.
The following are the amendments proposed by-
Mr. Stanly, on the suggestion of members of the
Committee of Ways and Means, to the above bill,
viz:
Sec. 3. Insert after the word "Liberia," the words " or
such other place as each State shall select."
In the same section, insert after the words " States, re-
spectively," the words " with their own consent."
In the same section, insert after the word " people," the
words '■ after their removal to Africa."
Bec. 6. After the word " mentioned," insert the words
" except such as are over fifty years of age, or so infirm
they cannot safely be removed."
Mr. ^TANLY. I desire the opinion of the
Chair whether this bill must go to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, or not?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will refer the gen-
tleman to the provision of the bill, which requires
the interest upon these bonds to be paid out of the
Treasury. The Chair is inclined to the opinion
that the bill must go to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
Mr. STANLY. If that be so, I yield, and
move to refer the bill; and that the bill and amend-
ments be printed,
Mr. SWEETSER. I move to lay the bill upon
the table; and upon that I call for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. STANLY. I have the floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
{Mr. Sweetser] has not the floor to make his
motion, as the gentleman from North Carolina is
upon the floor.
Mr. SWEETSER. He had made his motion,
and yielded the floor.
Mr. STUART. I would ask the Chair, if the
first question is not upon the recommendation of
the committee,, that the bill do not pass ?
The SPEAKER. That recommendation has
nothing to do with the ordinary course of proceed-
ings upon the bill. It is a matter, though, which
may have its influence #ith the House. The
question will be upon the engrossment of the bill.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman from Mich-
igan misunderstood the report of the committee.
I understand that report to be, that the bill be re-
ported to the House, and that the motion be made
to lay it upon the table.
Mr. STANLY. No, sir. No, sir.
Mr. STUART. Let the report be read.
The SPEAKER. Is there any written report ?
Mr. STANLY. There is not. The recom-
mendation of the committee was that the bill do
not pass.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Did I understand
the Chair to decide that the bill must go to the I
Committee of the Whole on the state of trie Union ? ;
The SPEAKER. That is the decision of the |
Chair; and discussion is not in order. If, under I
the rule, it must go to that committee, no debate
is necessary to carry it there.
Mr. SWEETSER. Then my motion is in
order.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
North Carolinia [Mr. Staniy] apprehend the
Chair?
Mr. STANLY. I do not: so many members
are talking at once. I shall not occupy fifteen
minutes' time, if I can get the matter before the
House.
The SPEAKER. All proceedings touching ap-
propriations of money shall first be discussed in
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. The Chair's decision is, that this bill,
if it contains an appropriation of money out of the
Treasury, must without question go to that com-
mittee.
Mr. STANLY. If I have the floor I will make
the motion to print the bill, before I make the
motion to refer. i
The SPEAKER. That would be in order.
Mr. STANLY. Then 1 submit that motion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from North
Carolina makes a proposition that the bill, with
certain amendments of his, be printed.
M>. SWEETSER. I rise to a question of
order. Does the Chair decide that this bill must
go to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union ?
The SPEAKER. That is the decision.
Mr. SWEETSER. Then the gentleman from
North Carolina could not hold the floor after he
made hie motion to refer and print. I took the floor
and made a motion to lay the bill upon the table;
and now he makes a motion to print it. My point
of order is, that I had the right to take the floor
and move to lay the bill upon the table, and having
made that motion, it must be first put before the
motion of the gentleman from North Carolina is
in order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opinion
| that the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Sweetser]
had a right to submit a motion to lay the bill upon
the table.
Mr. SWEETSER. Upon that motion I call
for the yeas and nays.
Mr. STANLY. How did the gentleman from
Ohio get the floor, when I had it, and made a mo-
tion to print this bill ? I have never yielded the
floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from North
Carolina made a motion to commit the bill, and
the subject of committing a bill is not debatable.
The gentleman could not, therefore, hold the floor
after making that motion.
Mr. STANLY. I withdrew that, and made a
motion to print separately, and so stated to the
Chair.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I submit this point
to the gentleman from North-Carolina, as well as
to the Chair: If the rule requires that all bills
making appropriations of money shall have their
first reading in the Committee of the Whole
Hojise, amotion to print,though it generally opens
the merits of the question, cannot supersede that
rule which requires that the bill shall have its first
consideration in the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union; and, consequently, a mo-
tion to print being made, in connection with a
motion to refer, cannot open the consideration of
this bill, until it has had its consideration in the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. STANLY. It cannot have its first and
second reading in the Committee of the Whole,
for it had that at the last session.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands the
question to be this: ,The bill had its first and
second reading at the last session of Congress. It
was reported from the Committee on Ways and
Means, with the recommendation that it do not
pass. The bill contains an appropriation. Under
the rule, it must be first discussed in the Commit-
tee of the Whole House; yet the Chair holds that
the privileged motion made by the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Sweetser] may be put, and it is com-
petent for the House to lay the bill upon the table,
without committing it at all.
Mr. STANLY. I do not dispute that at all.
The SPEAKER. The bill is not itself debata-
ble in the House. It must be debated first in the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The Chair doubts whether the motion to print,
opening up as it would the merits of the bill, is
debatable. At all events, the question to print
cannot arise until the bill is either committed or
disposed of. The question to print follows the de-
cision of the question to commit. Such is the
every-day practice. The motion, then, of the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Sweetser,] in the
opinion of the Chair, may intervene.
Mr. STANLY. Will the Chair allow me to
say a word upon the point of order ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair would be happy
to hear the gentleman, although, according to the
decision of tne Chair, debate is not in order.
Mr. STANLY. I do not wish to debate it.
The Chair, as I understand it, doubts whether the
motion to print is debatable; and surely I have a
I right to the benefit of that doubt, to show where I
stand. „
The SPEAKER. The Chair would be glad to
hear the gentleman.
Mr. STANLY. I have reported that bill by
order of the Committee on Ways and Means; but,
as I stated, not by a full committee. They au-
thorized me to report it to the House with a rec-
ommendation that it do not pass. I made that
report, and made a motion to print and refer. The
Speaker decided that the bill must go to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
: because it contains an appropriation. I did not
yield the floor, but asked that the bill may be print-
ed, and withdrew the motion to refer. I maintain
that I now have the floor—having never yielded
it—on that motion to print. That is the question
I wish the Speaker to decide.
The SPEAKER. If that question is not de-
batable, the gentleman will allow that the Chair
is right in deciding that he cannot retain the floor.
Mr. STANLY. Does the Chair decide that
the motion to print is not debatable?
The SPEAKER. The Chair does so decide,
upon the ground that if the bill itself is not de-
batable, t^e question to print cannot be debated, in
the opinion of the Chair; because the question to
print involves necessarily the merits of the measure
itself.
Mr. STANLY. I have no objection to have
the question taken on the motion to lay the bill '
upon the table. I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were then ordered.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. With his permis-
sion, I will ask the gentleman from North Caro-
lina one question. '
The SPEAKER. Only by the unanimous con-
sent of the House can it be done.
Mr. JONES. 1 want to know 
Many Voices. " I object!" •' I object!"
The SPEAKER. Objection is made.
Mr. STANLY. As I cannot hear, of course I
cannot answer.
The question was then taken, and it was de-
cided in the affirmative—ayes 105, nays 60; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Charles Allen, Willis Allen, Averett,
David J. Bailey, Thomas H. Bayly, Bartlett, Beale, Bo-
Dimmick, Disney, Doty, Dunham, Durkee, Eastman,
Edgerton, Faulkner, Ficklin, Florence, Floyd, Freeman,
Thomas J. D. Fuller, Gaylord, Giddings, Gilmore, Gorman,
Green, Hall, Hamilton, Tsham G. Harris, Sampson W. Har-
ris, Hart, Henn, Hillyer, Holladay, Houston, Thomas Y.
How, Howard, Ingersoll, Ives, Jackson, Jenkins, Andrew
Johnson, James Johnson, R. \V. Johnson, D. T. Jones,
George W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Preston King, Kurtz,
Letcher, Lockhart, Mace, Mann, Mason, McLanahan,
Millson, Molony, Murphy, Murray, Nabers, Orr, Andrew
Parker, Phelps, Powell, Richardson, Riddle, Rabbins, Ro-
bie, Ross, David L. Seymour, Origen S. Seymour, Skel-
ton, Smart, Smith, Snow, Richard H. Stanton, Abraham
P. Stephens, Alexander H. Stephens, St. Martin, Stratton,
Stuart, Sutherland, Sweetser, Toombs, Venable, Wallace,
Wilcox, Wildrick, and Woodward—105.
