426
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 27,
 Messrs. William Applet™, Barrere, Bennett, i
Bibuihaus, Bowie. Bown-. H'-'iiIon. George H. Brown,
Burnm's, Caldwell. Lewis II. Campbell, Chandler, Chap-
man. Collin..", CuMoin, Darby, George T. Davis, Dockery,
Duncan, Emu;, 1.|>, Henry M. Fuller, Gentry, Good-
enow, Harper. Ha\en, Horst'ord, John \V. Howe, Thomas
M Howe, George G. King, Ktihns, Landrv, Little, Martin,
Meaclmm, Miller, Henry I). Moore, John Moore,Morehead,
Newton, Outlaw, Samuel W. Parker. Pennnnan, Perkins,
Porter, Sackett, Schermerhorn, Schoonmaker, Stanly, Ben-
jamin Stanton, Taylor, Thurston, Turk, Walsh, Watkins,
Welch, Wells, Addison White, and Williams—60.
So the bill was laid upon the table.
Mr. STANLY. I desire to know if the motion
to print falls with the bill?
The SPEAKER. It does. The whole subject
is laid on the tal>le.
Mr. SWEETSER. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from North
Carolina is on the floor to a question of order.
Mr. STANLY. If the motion to print goes
■with the bill, according to the decision of the
Chair, 1 ask the unai imous consent of the House
to have the bill printed.
The SPEAKER. The whole subject goes to
the table, by the vote of the House. Is there any
objection to the request of the gentleman from
North Carolina to have the bill printed ?
Mr. SWEETSER. I object to it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
objects.
Mr. SWEETSER. I rise to a privileged mo-
tion.
Mr. STANLY. I must raise a question on
the decision of the Chair.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman appeal
from the decision ?
Mr. STANLY. I do.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that the
motion to print falls with the bill on the table, by
the vote of the House. From that decision the
gentleman from North Carolina appeals.
Mr. STANLY. I wish to state the grounds of
mv appeal.
The SPEAKER. The subject is not debat-
able, but the Chair would be glad to hear the gen-
tleman.
Mr. STANLY. How can I appeal without
stating the grounds of it?
The SPEAKER. Thegentleman can state his
grounds, if he has a rule to read.
Mr. STANLY. My ground, if I am allowed
to state it, is, that according to the 46th rule,
" When a question is under debate, no motion shall be
received but to adjourn, to lie on the table, for a previous
question, to postpone to a day certain,to commit oramend,
to postpone indefinitely; which several motions shall have
precedence in the order in which they are arranged ; and
no motion to postpone to a day certain, to commit, or to
postpone indefinitely, beingdecided, shall he Rgain allowed
on the same day, and at the same stage of the bill or propo-
sition."
Now this bill-was not under debate.
The SPEAKER. This bill was not under de-
bate, nor could it be, for the reason that the rule
requires that it shall be debated, if at all, first in
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. STANLY. There is one point I should
be glad to have the Chair decide for me. If the
Chair states that X shall not state my point of
order, I will submit to the decision; but if he says
I can, I want him to hear me out.
The SPEAKER. The Chair, by an express
rule of the House, has a right to discuss questions
of order, in preference to any gentleman upon the
floor.
Mr. STANLY. I was making a statement of
my point when the Chair interrupted me.
The SPEAKER, The Chair did not suppose
he was interfering with the gentleman's statement,
or he would not have done so.
Mr. STANLY. My statement is this: that this
bill was not, according *to the 46th rule, under
debate at the time the gentleman from Ohio made
his motion; and I want to know if the bill is laid
upon the table, on the motion of the gentleman
from Ohio, under such circumstances, and I make
a motion to print, that being a separate motion of
mine, and having the floor, does that motion to
print lie on the table also?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that the
motion to lay upon the table, if carried, takes with
it all that is attached to the bill; and the bill and
everything accompanying it, is, by a vote of the
House, laid upon the table; and to reach the ques-
tion of printing, or a question upon the engross-1|
ment or commitment of the bill, it must first be
taken from the table by a motion to reconsider.
The Chair must therefore overrule the question of
order raised by the gentleman from North Caro-
lina, [Mr. Stanlt.]
Mr. STANLY. I appeal, with the view of get-
ting this matter upon the Journal.
Mr. ORR. I move to lay the appeal upon the
| table.
The question was taken on the motion of Mr.
Orr, and it was agreed to.
So the appeal was laid upon the table.
Mr. SWEETSER. I rise to a question of
privilege. I move to reconsider the vote by which
the bill was laid upon the table, and also to lay the
motion to reconsider upon the table.
The question was taken on tlfe latter motion,
and it was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. Reports are still in order
from the Committee on Ways and Means.
Mr. GORMAN. I submit the following report
from the Committee on Printing, which will not,
I think, give rise to any debate:
The Committee oil Printing, to which was referred the
resolution of the House tor the printing of fifteen thousand
extra copies of the annual report of the Secretary of the
Treasury on the state of the finances, recommend that there
be printed only thirteen thousand extra copies of said re-
port, and that two thousand copies of that portion of it ]
relating exclusively to the fisheries, be printed separately.
By printing the two thousand copies relating to the fish-
eries separately, the cost will be reduced by the amount
of press-work and paper which would be required lor the
remaining portion. W. A. GORMAN,
Chan man House Committee,
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to inquire
of the gentleman from Indiana how many pages
the entire report will make?
Mr. GORMAN. It will make between three
and four hundred pages. There will be a reduc-
tion in the cost of these extra numbers if, as is
recommended by the committee, of the fifteen
thousand extra copies proposed by the resolution
of the gentleman from Tennessee to be printed,
two thousand consist only of that portion of the
report which relates to the fisheries. The object
of ordering the printing of these two thousand
copies of the portion of the report relating to the
fisheries, is to enable those living in the vicinity
of that particular interest to be accommodated
with these copies as far as they will go. It is
done at their request, and, as I have already said, !
it lessens the cost by a considerable amount. |
Mr. JONES. What number of pages will that I
portion of the report relating to the fisheries proba-
bly make ?
Mr. GORMAN. It will make about two hun-
dred and eighty pages.
; Mr. JONES. Then, I suppose,it will be apor-
tion so small that it will not come within the bind-
ing privilege.
Mr. GORMAN. The provision for binding ex-
tends to books of overtwo hundred andfiftypages,
and this, therefore, is included within that pro-
vision.
Mr. JONES. This is a very small item, and I
think that we had better printfifteen thousand extra
copies of the entire report.
Mr. GORMAN. The members from the north-
eastern States called upon the committee, and de-
sired the printing of this number of copies of that
portion of the report I have adverted to, separately.
They preferred the printing of this separate por-
tion on the fisheries, because they were more im-
mediately interested in it than those from a differ-
ent section of the Union, and because they might
be enabled to exchange with western members
their share of the copies of the entire report, for
copies of this separate part of it. The recom-
mendation is made by the committee as a matter
of accommodation.
Mr. STUART. I call for the previous ques-
tion.
\ Mr. TAYLOR. I wish to inquire of the chair-
: man of the Committee on Printing, whether there
i is any prospect of Congress having printed during
the present session of Congress the President's
1 annual message and accompanying documents?
Mr. GORMAN. It is coming in as fast as it
, possibly can be bound up.
] The call for the previous question was seconded,
I and the main question was ordered to be put.
I The question was then taken, and the report of
1 the committee was adopted.
Mr. GORMAN. I beg to submit another re-
port from the same committee.
The Committee on Printing on the part of the
House of Representatives report back, and recom-
mend the adoption of, the following resolution re-
ferred to it by the House:
" Resolved, That there be printed fortheuse of the Com-
missioner ot the General Land Office, one thousand copies
of the supplement to the annual report of said Commissioner
for the year 1852-'53."
It will only cost thirty dollars as per calculation of the
Superintendent of the Public Printing.
W. A. GORMAN,
Chairman of House Committee.
The question was taken and the report was
adopted.
Mr. HOUSTON. My colleague on the Com-
mittee on Ways and Means [Mr. Dunham] has
a report in his hands from that committee, which
he proposes to submit, and as its consideration
will consume some time, and there are only a few
minutes left of the morning hour, I move, with
his consent, that the rules be suspended, and that
the House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. SACKETT. Is that motion in order?
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that the
gentleman having regularly obtained the floor, and
not having arrested anybody in a speech or in
business, it is in order.
Mr. STANLY. I demand tellers on that mo-
tion, that the House may decide whether it will
proceed to the consideration of the business on
the Speaker's table, or resolve itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Polk and
McNair were appointed.
The question was then taken, and the motion
was agreed to, the tellers having reported—ayes
72, noes 63.
The rules were accordingly suspended, and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Brown,
of Mississippi, in the chair.)
DEFICIENCY BILL.
The CHAIRMAN stated that the business be-
fore the committee was the consideration of House
bill No 335, " to supply deficiencies in the appro-
priations for the service of the fiscal year ending
June 30th, 1853."
At the rising of the committee yesterday the
amendment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Florence] to the amendment of the gentle-
man from North Carolina [Mr. Venable] was
pending. On that amendment the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Dean] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. DEAN. I obtained the floor, Mr. Chair-
man, only to state that I was opposed to the
amendment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
and in favor of that proposed by the gentleman
from North Carolina, [Mr. Venable.] The
Jackson equestrian statue is placed upon the pub-
lic ground and dedicated to the public; and we,
by the legislation of a former session, in appro-
priating $5,000 for the erection of a pedestal on
which to place this noble monument, have made
it a national work.
I do not propose to take part in the discussion
in relation to General Jackson. No party can
claim him. His fame is national, and belongs to
the whole country; and, while I would not only
vote to pay for the pedestal, but the statue itself,
I would do the same if one had been erected to the
memory of Henry Clay, or any other one of our
great statesmen. But I hope that our time will
not be consumed here in useless debates. We are
all now Jackson men in some way, if not in a
party sense; we all believe that he was a true pa-
triot. Let us pass the amendment of the gentle-
man from North Carolina, [Mr. Venable,] and
vote down all others.
Mr. FLORENCE. I take him as a party man,
and would not be willing to give him up.
The question was taken on the amendment of
Mr. Florence, and it was rejected.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I move the following amend-
ment:
For the erection of a bronze statue to Albert Gallatin,
$-25,000. '
Mr. DUNHAM. I rise to a question of order.
There is no law authorizing that, as I understand.
The CHAIRMAN. If there be no law, as I
suppose there is not, the amendment is, in the
opinion of the Chair, out of order.
Mr. GIDDINGS.* For the purpose of attain-
