1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
429
The question was then taken on the amendment,
and it was agreed to.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I submit the
following: amendment:
To pay James S. Buckley, for services as keeper of the
N'avv Yard K.a>tern Branch Bridge, from the 4tli of Decem-
ber, Ito July 1st, 1850, at $450 per annum, $708 75.
It will be recollected that some time since
the Government purchased from the corporators,
the two bridges across the Eastern Branch,
and took upon itself the custody and management
of them. The individual for whose benefit this
amendment is intended, was the keeper of the
bridge at the navy-yard, and was retained in the
same situation, when the bridge changed owner-
ship, by the Commissioner of Public Buildings
ana Grounds. The duty of the keeper was to attend
the draw, and keep charge of the property. He
served in this capacity throughout the period em-
braced by the amendment, under the direction of
the then Commissioner, Mr. Douglass, I think,
and subsequently under Air. Mudd. At the time
no appropriation was made to pay him for his ser-
vices, and he has, consequently, never received a
cent of pay for the period named. Subsequently
an appropriation was made to keep up the bridge
for the fiscal year commencing July 1st, 1850, but
it was not sufficient to pay the arrearages due the
keeper.
The subject was at an early partof the last ses-
sion referred to the Committee on Public Buildings,
and by the members of that committee fully ex-
amined. Both the Commissioners testified that
the service had been rendered by Mr. Buckley,
but for the reason I have stated, were never paid
for. There can be no doubt of the justness of the
claim, and I trust the committee will not hesitate
to adopt the amendment.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Was not an ap-
propriation made for those years, for the keeper
of this bridge ?
Mr. STANTON. No, sir. The first appro-
priation was not made until the expiration of the
time covered by the amendment.
Mr. JONES. That is strange.
Mr. STANTON. Strange as it may seem, it
is nevertheless true. Much injustice is done to
individuals by Congress from the same sort of
neglect almost every day, and it is always with
difficulty that such evils are remedied.
The question was then taken on Mr.Stanton's
amendment, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. STUART. I propose the following amend-
ment, under instructions of the Committee on
Territories, viz:
And he if further enacted. That the seventh section of
the act entitled " An act making appropriations for the civil
and diplomatic expenses of the Government for the fiscal
year ending the30th June, 1853," be, and the same is here-
by, repealed. '
Mr. Chairman, if the committee will give me
their attention for a minute, I presume there will
be no objection to this amendment. It will be
recollected that an act was passed the 15th of June
last, regulating the salaries of the territorial offi-
cers, after considerable discussion in this House,
by which it was designed that they should not re-
ceive salaries if they left the Territories without
the consent of the President of the United States,
but that they should receive them if they obtained
his consent. The civil and diplomatic bill was
drawn up prior to the passage of that act, and con-
tained a section which was in the former civil and
diplomatic bill, in these words:
" And le it further enacted, That if either of the officers
of anv of the Territories of the United States shall absent
himself from the Territory of which he is an officer for a
period of time greater than sixty days, he shall not receive
compensation for the time he may have been absent.
This provision was construed by the accounting
officers of the Treasury—and properly so—as
conflicting with the law which was previously
passed by Congress. It was retained in that bill
by accident. The object of this amendment,
therefore, is, to repeal the seventh section in the
civil and diplomatic bill, and to leave m force the
act which we previously passed, allowing those
officers to be absent when permitted by the Presi-
dent of the United States.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment was agreed to.
Mr. DEAN. I offer the following amendment:
For removing the United States Mint from the city of
Philadelphia to such place in the city of New York as shall
be designated by the Secretary of the Treasury, $500,000.
Mr. LETCHER. 1 rise to a question of order. .
I ask if that amendment is in order ? !
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair holds that it
is not in order.
Mr. DEAN. I appeal from the decision of the
Chair, and desire to discuss the appeal.
The CHAIRMAN. The appeal is not debat-
able.
Mr. DEAN. Then I withdraw it.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I offer the fol-
lowing amendment. It is the same as that which
was voted down some minutes since, with the
exception that the amount is reduced seventy-five
cents:
To pay James Buckley for his services as keeper of the
Navy-Yard Eastern Branch Bridge from the 4th of Decem-
ber, 1843, to the 1st July, 1850, at the rate of $450 per an
num, $765*.
Mr. LETCHER. I would inquire of the Chair
if that amendment was not offered a while ago and
voted down ?
Mr. CHAIRMAN. It is the same, with the
exception that the amount is reduced, which the
Chair thinks makes it in order. The committee
may be willing to adopt one sum, although they
might not be willing to adopt another.
Mr. ORR. I make another question of order
upon that amendment. It contains a proposition
to pay a private claim, and is therefore not in
order as an amendment to a general appropriation
bill or a deficiency bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from South
Carolina rises to a point of order, and states that
this amendment is a proposition to pay a private
claim, and that it is not therefore in order. The
Chair understands that it is to pay a debt due
an individual by the Government, but for which
there is no appropriation. He thinks, therefore,
that it is in order. *
Mr. ORR. How has the debt been ascer-
tained ?
Mr. STANTON. If the gentleman will allow
me, I will explain the matter clearly. I said in
the remarks I made when 1 before submitted this
amendment, that the Committee on Public Build-
ings had investigated the subject of this claim.
Mr. Douglass and Mr. Mudd were the Commis-
sioners of Public Buildings and Grounds during
the period referred to, and their testimony was
furnished to the committee, proving that the service
was actually rendered, and explaining the reason
why it was never paid for. Congress omitted to
make any appropriation for keeping up the bridge
during the time claimed for. The keeper con-
tinued to perform the service, relying upon this
body to provide for his pay. In 1850, an appro-
priation was made to pay for services to be ren-
dered in the fiscal year commencing July 1st,
1850, but not enough to pay arrearages behind
that time. Since 1850, regular appropriations
have been made for the repairs and management
of this bridge, but none for paying the keeper for
his attendance from December 4, 1848, to July
1, 1850.
But, if the proof of Buckley's servitife and right
to remuneration, submitted to the Committee on
Public Buildings, is not sufficient for this commit-
tee to allow the claim, here is the acknowledgment
of the Secretary of the Interior that the money is
due and ought to be paid. I have here the report
of the Secretary, submitting to this House his
estimates; and I find in it an estimate to pay this
very claim. What better proof is needed ? This
report was before the Committee on Ways and
Means, who were asked to embody the amount in
the deficiency bill. They have thought proper,
not having examined it, I presume, to reject it.
I trust this committee will be more just. Mr.
Buckley, 1 am informed, is very poor, and has
sought every session to have his claim allowed.
His necessities are great, and I earnestly appeal to
gentlemen not to withhold from him a debt so
justly due.
The question wan then taken, and the amend-
ment was adopted.
Mr. FREEMAN. I offer the following amend-
ment:
For the completion of the marine hospital at Vicksliurg,
Mississippi, tile sum of,$50,000.
Mr. Chairman, appropriations have heretofore
been made for the purQhase of a site for a marine
hospital at Vicksburg, but no appropriation has
been made to complete the building. I therefore
move this amendment to provide for its completion,
and I hope the House will have no difficulty in
passing it.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was not agreed to.
Mr. PHELPS. I move the following amend-
ment:
For payment of the services of the clerk in the General
Lt and Office who has had charge of the surveys, correspond-
ence, and other duties on the Chickasaw. Indian business,
from the 23d May, 1837, to 28th February, 1851, at i}250
per annum, 93,437 50.
Mr. Chairman, if gentlemen will refer to Exec-
utive document No. 4, or if they have examined
it, they will find that this appropriation, which is
now asked for, is to compensate a clerk in the
General Land Office who, since 1837, has had
charge of the business connected with the Chick-
asaw Indians, and the disposal of the lands which
were secured to them by the treaties of 1832 and
1834. An order was made by the then Secretary
of War—General Cass—that the sum of $250
should be paid to this clerk of the General Land
Office, for the discharge of the duties mentioned
in the amendmentwhich 1 havesent to the Clerk's
desk. It appears from the reports of the Secre-
tary of the Interior, and one of the heads of the
Bureaus in that Department, that the amount spe-
cified is justly due, but that in consequence of the
act of February 27, 1851, it could not be paid out
of the Chickasaw fund, and they report that there
is no appropriation out of which it can be paid.
I ask, therefore, that the committee will adopt the
amendment.
Mr. DUNHAM. I desire to inquire whether
these duties were performed by a man specially
employed for that purpose, or whether he was not
at the same time a clerk, under a salary from the
Government?
Mr. PHELPS. These duties have been dis-
charged out of office hours. They were assigned
to a clerk in the General Land Office—a clerk
known for his ability—a clerk who has charge of
the private land claims in the Department. For-
merly these duties were discharged by the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs. But as the business
1 in that office was conducted with irregularity and
! delay, and as it more properly belonged to the
office of the Commissioner of the General Land
Office, by the legislation of Congress and an order
of the President, (General Jackson,) the duties of
surveying and selling those lands were assigned
to the Commissioner of the General Land Office.
At the same time an order was made that the
clerk in the Land Office discharging these duties
should receive $250 per annum. This salary was
formerly paid out of the Chickasaw fund.
The Secretary of- the Interior recommends that
this amount be placed in the special estimates for
the office of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs.
I will read his letter:
Department op the Interior, ?
Washington,November 11, 1852. J
Sir : I have examined the claim of Mr. Joseph S. Wil-
son, for compensation for services rendered on Chickasaw
business, from the 23d of May, 1837, to the 28th of Febru-
ary, 1851, at the rate of $250 per annum, which was the
subject of your letter of the 25th of September last, and am
clearly of opinion that it is a just and equitable claim ; but
concur with you in the opinion that, in view of the provis-
ions of the act of the 27th of February, 1851, (Statutes at
, Large, vol. 9, p. 587,) it cannot be paid without an express
I appropriation for that purpose; and I therefore recommend
that the item be embraced in the special estimates now in
course of preparation to be submitted at the ensuing session
of Congress. *
I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
ALEX.H. H. STUART, Secretary.
The Commissioner or Indian Affairs.
The order for this salary to be paid was issued
by Lewis Cass, then Secretary of War, on the
j 23d of March, 1833, and approved by General
Jackson, who was at that time President of the
United States; and the same person has been dis-
charging the duties from 1837 until the present
' tithe. But as we have by law provided that this
salary shall not be paid out of the Chickasaw
fund, there is a necessity for appropriating the
amount asked for.
A Member. What were the services he ren-
dered?
Mr. PHELPS. The duties of this clerk, as
1 specified by the order referred to, were to take
charge of the surveys, township plats, and other
documents, returns, and accounts of thesurvey of
) those lands. Subsequently, if I am not misin-
formed, he superintended the accounts of the lands
j sold, and the adjustment of the same, in addition
;i to the duties before mentioned.
