1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
435
accordingly furnished the goods, and shipped them '
to Mr. Lowrie, and when he was about to draw
for the amount, Mr. Hosier again came to Phila-
delphia wuli another letter from Mr. Lowrie, and
ordered an additional quantity of skins. Before
he had completed this order, he suspected fraud
on the part of Hosier, and cams to Washington
to get his pay. He was then informed by Mr.
Lowrie that the price of the goods had already
been paid to Mr. Hosier, who had disappeared.
Mr. Lowrie states that he engaged Hosier to fur-
nish the morocco, and that Hosier employed Mc-
Caulay to do so, and that he actully did furnish
the morocco. The tacts are supported by the testi-
mony of the salesman and book-keeper in Mr.
McCaulay's establishment, and a letter of Mr.
Lowrie is referred to, for the purpose of showing
that Mr. Lowrie was in the habit of authorizing
an upholsterer to make purchases of material as
his asrent. Mr. McCaulay, to prove this, produced
certain original letters from Mr. Boyd, who suc-
ceeded Mr. Hosier in doing upholstery for the
Senate, in which Mr. Boyd distinctly declared that
he acted under instructions from Mr. Lowrie. The
reason whv the claim was not sooner presented
was, because Mr. McCaulay was of the opinion
that Mr. Lowrie was dead, having seen in the
newspapers a statement that Walter Lowrie was
dead, and confounding the son with the father.
Having discovered the mistake, he proceeded to
obtain Mr. Lowrie'setatement, and submitted his
claim. The original claim amounted to $751 13.
McCaulay, in stating it, added interest to the
amount of $720, which the committee do notallow.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I should like to hear
the letter of Mr. Lowrie, which is referred to in
the report, read.
The Secretary accordingly read the letter, as fol-
lows:
NivYoii, January 23,1850.
Some time in the year 1834 or 1835, the chairs in the
Senate Chamber at Washington were covered with green
embossed morocco. Being at that time Secretary of the
Senate, I engaged Isaac Hosier to furnish the quantity of
leather required, and when the same was furnished, the
amount was paid for, and afterwards settled at the Treasury,
among the accounts ot contingent expenses of the Sen-
ate, in the usual manner. Shortly afterwards Mr. Corne-
lius McCaulav, of Philadelphia, called on me, and informed
me that he had manufactured and furnished this morocco ;
that he had never been paid for it, and further, that a second
order had been sent to Inm by Hosier which he had nearly
completed when he found that Hosier was not to be de-
pended on. I had satisfactory evidence that McCaulajt
was an industrious and worthy man, and an ingenious ana
skillful mechanic; but the materials had been received and
paid for before his agency in this matter was brought to my
notice, and it was not then in my power to do anything for
Jiim. This case is a very hard one. He was perhaps the
onlv manufacturer in the United States at that time who
could make the article required, and, after much patient
lab'T, the fruus of his skill and industry were taken from
him by the fraud of another. WALTER LOWRIE.
The PRESIDENT put the question upon or-
dering the yeas and nays; ana they were not
ordered.
Mr. BAYARD. Then I propose to discuss
the bill. The report is an argument in its favor,
and if the yeas and nays be not ordered, I cannot
allow that to go without some answer.
Mr. CASS. I listened to the reading of the
report, and I must confess that L do not see how
the Senate can possibly pass this bill. The prin-
ciple of this case,"if established, would drain the
treasury of Croesus.
Several Senators. The bill is not before the
Senate.
Mr. CASS. I thought it was pending.
The PRESIDENT. Objection being made, it
must be passed over.
COLONEL WILLIAM GRAYSON.
The bill for the relief of the heirs of Colonel
W illiam Grayson was read a second time, and the
Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded
to its consideration. It proposes to direct the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to pay to the legal repre-
sentatives of Colonel William Grayson, an officer
in the Army of the United States, in the revolu-
tionary Army, commutation pay due to him as a
deranged officer, on the first of January, 1781,
the pay to be computed and paid, principal and
interest, in the same manner as if a certificate for
five years' full pay had been issued to Grayson at
the end of the war, and funded under the act of
August, 1790.
Mr. BAYARD. If the part of the bill relating
to interest remains, I shall not vote for the bill. I
move to strike out all after " 1781," as follows: I
" The said pay to be computed and paid, principal and
interest, in the same manner as if a certificate tor five years'
full pay had been issued to said Grayson at the end of the
war, and funded under the act of August, 1790."
The amendment was agreed to; the bill was re-
ported to the Senate as amended; the amendment
was concurred in; and the bill was ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading. It was read a third
time, and passed.
JAMES BELL.
The bill to amend an act entitled " An act for
the relief of the heirs of James Bell, deceased,"
was read a second time, and the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to its consid-
eration. It proposes to repeal the proviso to the
" act for the relief of the heirs of James Bell, de-
ceased," approved June 30th, 1834, so far as the
same prevents the payment to the heirs or legal
representatives of the full amount found due them
by the proper accounting officers, under the pro-
visions of the act; and it proposes further that the
full amount found to be due on the accounts, ad-
justed in the manner prescribed in the act, shall
be paid to the legal representatives of James Bell.
Mr. BAYARD objected, and the bill was passed
over.
SCHOONER AMISTAD.
The PRESIDENT. The next bill upon the
calendar is that "to indemnify the masters and
owners of the Spanish schooner ^.mistad and her
cargo."
Mr. CHASE. Let it lie over.
It was accordingly passed over.
HIRAM PAULDING.
The bill for the relief of Hiram Paulding was
read a second time, and the Senate, as in Commit-
tee of the Whole, proceeded to its consideration.
It proposes to direct the proper accounting officers
of the Treasury to audit the accounts of Hiram
Paulding, a captain in the United States Navy,
and pay his expenditures in the entertainment of
the foreign officers and people who visited the
frigateSt. Lawrence, under his command, at South-
ampton, and also for entertaining the officers of the
Governments of Bremerhaven and Stockholm, in
the years 1848, 1849, and 1850.
Mr. W ALKER asked for the reading of the
report; from which it appears that Captain Paul-
ding was assigned to the command of the new
frigate St. Lawrence, by the Secretary of the Navy,
in the year 1846, and ordered upon special and
independent service, having reference to the then
political difficulties on the continent of Europe.
The difficulties in regard to Holstein and Schles-
wig, and a general revolutionary movement
1 throughout Germany, and the pending struggle
, between Austria and Hungary, seemed to call for
the presence of a naval force in the northern part
1 of Europe, to which the cruising ground of the
Mediterranean squadron could not be extended.
The St. Lawrence arrived at Southampton in
December, 1848, where she was received, as the
representative of the United States, with distin-
guished honors by all classes of people. The
municipal authorities visited the ship, and present-
ed to Captain Paulding an engrossed resolution,
sealed with the seal of theborough of Southampton,
passed by them, unanimously inviting the officers
to a banquet. Upon the landing of the first boat
from the ship, the British flag from the pier-head
was lowered, and that of the United States hoisted
in its place; and every mark of kindness and
honorable welcome in their power was exhibited
while the ship lay there. It was the first oppor-
tunity our naval officers ever had of accepting
similar attentions from the authorities or people
of Great Britain upon their own soil. Captain
Paulding regarded all these demonstrations not as
mere idle or personal civilities, but as designed to
express towards the Government of the United
States those kindly feelings and generous sympa-
thies of the people of England, which it is mani-
festly our interest to cultivate, and which he did
not feel himself justified to disregard. In return
for the civilities thus extended to his flag and offi-
cers, Captain Paulding received the visits of the
: authorities and people of the borough on board
J the ship, and the expense attending the courtesies
thus extended was defrayed by the purser of the
ship as a proper expenditure in behalf of the Gov-
ernment, under the orders of the memorialist, and
amounted to the sum of #963 92.
i The ship next proceeded through the Channel
to the North Sea, to Bremerhaven, the port of
Bremen. Here the Archduke of Oldenburg, with
a numerous suite, in accordance with his previous
notification to Captain Paulding, visited the ship,
and was received in a manner and by an enter-
tainment suitable to his rank; and, successively,
the Senate of Bremen, with a numerous suite of
from seventy to one hundred, and many of the
most distinguished persons ofGermany,theQ,ueen
of Greece, the Duke of Oldenburg, with his royal
family, and Prince Stephen of Austria, the Baron
yon Gagern, late President of the Imperial Par-
liament of Frankfort, and Duckwitz, Minister of
the German Marine, were received on board, and
entertained.
In the summer of 1849, deputations from the
Prussian Government and from the Parliament of
Frankfort, were recommended to Captain Paul-
ding, with reference to the formation of a German
navy, and visited the ship, by which expense was
also incurred.
The ship thence proceeded to Stockholm. Here
Count Platen, King's Chamberlain, Minister of
Marine, and the representative <Jf the sovereign
authority in the absence of the King, with a nu-
merous suite of distinguished persons, was re-
ceived on board and entertained.
The aggregate of expenses tlius incurred in the
entertainment, on board the ship, of these and
numerous other visitors, was $3,653 92, of which
sum the amount of $2,690 was expended in the
entertainment bf the civil and military officers of
the Governments of the countries visited by the
ship, and who were received on board by their
request. The balance was expended at South-
ampton, in entertaining the municipal authorities
and the people of that borough.
Of the obligation of the Government to pay the
amount just stated, the committee did not enter-
tain a doubt. No commander of a public vessel
abroad is at liberty, unless under peculiar circum-
stances, to decline such visits as were made to the
St. Lawrence by the sovereign authorities of coun-
tries with which it is our interest to cultivate
amicable relations. The interchange of such ci-
vilities exercises a decided and beneficial influence,
while, at the same time, the naval preparation and.
efficiency of our country is most wisely and hu-
manely displayed; and for the payment of this
sum the committee referred to the action of Con-
gress in similar cases.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will suggest
that there are two blanks in the bill to be filled.
Mr. HALE. I am very loath to object to the
bill, but I have always objected to bills of that
character, and there has never one passed the
Senate since I have been here, and never shall if
I can help it. I roust therefore object to it.
The bill was passed over.
MAURICE K. SIMONS.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, pro-
ceeded to consider House bill " for the relief of
Maurice K. Simons." It proposes to direct that
the name of Maurice K. Simons be placed upon
the roll of invalid pensioners, at the rate of eight
dollars per month, during his life, from the passage
of the bill.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be read a third time, read a
third time, and passed.
SEYMOUR AND BOYNTON.
The bill " for the relief of Calvin B. Seymour
and Willard Boynton. surviving partners of W.
&K. Boynton," was read a second time, and con-
sidered by the Senate as in Committee of the
Whole. It proposes to authorize the Secretary
of the Treasury to take proof of the amount and
kind of goods, wares, and merchandise destroyed
by the Creek Indians, May 15, 1836, in the town
of Roanoke, Georgia, belonging to the firm of
Stewart, Seymour & Co., and W. & H. Boynton,
and cause the value of the same to be paid to
Calvin B. Seymour & Willard Boynton, accord-
ing to their respective interests; and $9,180 23 is
proposed to be appropriated for the object.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a time, and passed.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. BADGER. It strikes me that we are ac-
complishing nothing by passing these Senate bills.
I think that the state of the business between the
