1953.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
439
on Claims; and before the House acts upon
my request, I wish to state briefly my reasons.
It was your pleasure, Mr. Speaker, to appoint me
as a member of that committee to fill the vacancy
which occurred by the resignation of Mr. Smith,
ot" Alabama. That was done early at the com-
mencement of the last session of Congress. I en-
tered upon the discharge of my duties as a member
of that committee faithfully, from that time until
now, and I will say for every member of that
committee, that when in health they have been
promptly and efficiently engaged in the discharge
of their individual duties; that they have prepared,
and have had ready for the action of this House
for many months, a large number of bills in
behalf of private claimants, who have honest
and just claims against the Government of the
United States, many of which have been pending
twenty years. The action of this House has
been such that the committee have been called
to report but once, and that was a few weeks
after the commencement of last session. Such
reports as we then had were made; and although
one year from that time, during which we have
been in session, has elapsed, it has never once
been in order for the committee to report; and
although we have asked to make reports frequent-
ly and urgently, the House has at ail times refused
to let us. The time of the House, in the main,
has been occupied in the discussion of illegitimate
subjects, of no benefit to any one whatever, and
quite disgraceful to the American Congress, in the
just estimation of the people. I do not wish to
incur the labor, and I presume no other gentleman
does, of investigating cases involving constant
labor, and principles of great intricacy, for the
action of the House, and then be told that Con- '
gress will not act upon them. Such conduct is a
mockery of justice, and if continued, I would say
to honest, and, in many cases, needy claimants,
cease to press your claims—abandon them. The
Government, though rich in means, is unwilling
to pay her honest debts. 1 feel constrained to say
this much in vindication of myself, and in vin-
dication of the Committee on Claims.
I would add in conclusion, if it is the intention
of the House of Representatives to deny continu-
ously at all times, these just and honest claims,
the quicker it is known the better. It will at least
save claimants the expense and vexation of at-
tempting to prosecute their claims. Having said
this much, and having washed my hands clean of
the injustice which has been inflicted upon numer-
our claimants, to ray certain knowledge—having
placed these facts upon the record, and it not being
important whether I am discharged or not during
the remainder of the session, I will respectfully
withdraw the motion.
Mr. EDGERTON moved that the House pro-
ceed to the consideration of the bills on the Pri-
vate Calendar.
Mr. HENN. Would a motion to proceed to
the consideration of the private business on the
Speaker's table take precedence of that motion ?
The SPEAKER. That will be the first busi-
ness in order, if the House does not go into com-
mittee.
Mr. HENN. I hope, then, that the motion to
go into committee will be voted down.
{Loud cries of " Order I"]
Mr. EDGERTON. I will state to the gentle-
man from Iowa that this is " objection day;" and
if we go into committee, we can, in all probability,
get through the bills on the Private Calenda#.
Mr. HENN. Well, but I wish to get more
bills upon the Private Calendar.
The SPEAKER. Discussion is not in order.
The question was then taken on Mr. Edger-
tov's motion, and it was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into a
Committee of the Whole House, (Mr. Hall, in
the chair,) and proceeded to the consideration of
the Private Calendar, under the restrictions con-
tained in the following rule:
" 30. On the first and fourth Friday of each montH, the
calendar of private bills shall be called over, (the Chairman
of the Committee of the Whole House commencing the call
where lie left off the previous day,) and the bills to the pas-
sage of which no objection shall then be made shall be first
considered and disposed of."
The following bills and joint resolutions coming
up in their order, and to which there was no' ob-
jection, were thereupon severally considered and
laid aside, to be reported to the House with a rec- :
omraendation that they do pass, viz: I
House bill (No. 247) for the relief of James
Glynn.
House bill (No. 250) for the relief of S. Morris
Wain.
House bill (No. 274) for the relief of Jasper A.
Maltby.
House bill (No. 285) for the relief of Britain
Franks, assignee of Joseph M. Smith.
House bill (No. 320) for the relief of James H.
Jenkins.
Joint resolution (No. 28) granting the petition
of William and Matthew Moss.
Senate bill (No. 194) for the relief of Jacob
Young.
Senate bill (No. 195) for the relief of Margaret
Farrar.
Senate bill (No. 244) for the relief of the heirs
of the late Major Thomas Noel, United States
Army.
Senate bill (No. 407) for the relief of Jim Capers.
Senate bill (No. 98) for the relief of Sarah D.
Mackay.
Seaate bill (No. 176) for the relief of William
Bedient, late a sergeant in the fourth regiment of
artillery.
Senate bill (No. 204).for the relief of Guion and
McLaughlin.
Senate bill (No. 208) for the relief of Barbara
Reilly.
The following bills and joint resolutions being
objected to, as indicated below, were laid aside in
pursuance of the rule cited above, viz:
House bill (No. 175) for the relief of Anthony
Walton Bayard. [Objected to by Mr. Harris of
Tennessee.]
House bill (No. 200) for the relief of the legal
representatives of John H. Piatt, deceased. [Ob-
jected to by Mr. Jones of Tennessee.]
House bill (No. 203) for the relief of the trus-
tees of the Philadelphia Gas Works. [Objected
to by Mr. Letcher.]
Joint resolution (No. 21) for the relief of Mary
Reeside, executrix of James Reeside, deceased.
[Objected to by Mr. Martin.]
Senate bill (No. 152) for the relief of John F.
| Callan, administrator of Daniel Renner, deceased.
[Objected to by Mr. Penniman.]
Senate bill (No. 276) for the relief of Colonel
James R. Creecy. [Objected to by Mr. Stanton
of Ohio.]
House bill (No. 306) for the benefit of J. C.
Buckles, of Louisville, Kentucky. [Objected to
by Mr. Letcher.]
House bill (No. 307) for the relief of McAtee
and Eastham. [Objected to by Mr. Stanton of
Ohio.]
House bill (No. 308) for the relief of the legal
representatives of Nathaniel Patten, deceased, late
a postmaster in Missouri. [Objected to by Mr.
Olds.]
House bill (No. 321) for the relief of John
Fnnk. [Objected to by Mr. Henn.]
Joint resolution (No. 27) for the relief of the
legal representatives of Wade Allen, deceased.
[Objected to by Mr. Letcher.]
House bill (No. 324) authorizing the adjustment
and payment of the claims of William Hazzard
Wigg, deceased, for losses sustained by him du-
ring the war of the Revolution. [Objected to by
Mr. Allison.]
Senate resolution (No. 16) for the relief of Alex-
ander Y. P. Garnett. [Objected to by Mr. Jen-
kins.]
Senate bill (No. 238) for the relief of Thompson
Hutchinson. [Objected to by Mr. Jones of Ten- !
nessee.]
Senate bill (No. 239) for the relief of Elizabeth ,
Jones, and the other children (if any) of John
Carr. [Objected to by Mr. Jones of Tennessee.] ;
Senate bill (No. 193) for the relief of Robert
Armstrong. [Objected to by Mr. Stanly.]
Senate bill (No. 70) for the relief of the widows
and relatives of certain officers and seamen of the ;
United States brig Washington, who were lost
overboard in a hurricane. [Objected to by Mr. ;
Letcher.] j
i When the following bill was reported, viz:
Senate bill (No. 234) for the relief of James j
Glynn— !
' Mr. GOODENOW said: That is a Senate bill. 1
We have already laid aside a House bill for the
j same purpose, to be reported to the House with a J
recommendation that it do pass. I hope this bill j
I will be laid aside to be reported to the House, and ||
then when we get into the House, we can pass it
and lay the House bill upon the table.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is informed
that this is a Senate bill similar in all respects to
House bill No. 247, which has already been laid
aside to be reported to the House with a recom-
mendation that it do pass.
"^i" Well, we had better pass
this bill, as it has already passed the Senate.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Maine [Mr. Goodenow] now proposes that the
order of the committee directing House bill No.
247 to be leported to the House, be reconsidered,
by unanimous consent, and that this bill be re-
ported to the House with a recommendation that
it do pass.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I submit to the
Chair that that is unnecessary. When we get
into the House we can pass this bill, and lay the
other upon the table.
Mr. GOODENOW. That is what I propose
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair had misun-
derstood the gentleman.
No objection being made, the bill was then laid
aside, to be reported to the House with a recom-
mendation that it do pass.
Mr. JENKINS. I objected to Senateresolution
No. 17, for the relief of Alexander Y. P. Garnett.
Upon looking at the case, however, I have come
to the conclusion that the facts sustain the bill. I
desire, therefore, to withdraw my objection and
allow the bill to be laid aside.
There was no objection,and the bill wasaccord-
ingly laid aside to be reported to the House.
Mr. HENN. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to withdraw my objection to House
bill No. 321, for the relief of John Frink,and that
it be laid aside to be reported to the House.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. I do not object
to the gentleman's withdrawing his objection, but
I insist that we go on and finish the calendar
first.
Mr. SACKETT. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to insert an amendment in the
bill we have just laid aside to be reported to the
House, for the relief of Jim Capers. The bill
provides that he shall receive as a pension the pay
of a musician. Now, I hardly know whatthe pay
of a musician is. It has been different at different
times. I move, therefore, with the consent of the
committee, to amend the bill by striking out that
clause of the bill which provides that he shall re-
ceive the pay of a musician, and insert one pro-
viding that he shall receive eight dollars per
month.
Mr. COBB. I had charge of that bill and have
no objection to the amendment.
There was no objection, and the amendment
was accordingly agreed to.
Mr. SACKETT. We have now gone through
with the calendar. I move that it be again read
through, for the purpose of giving an opportunity
j to gentlemen to withdraw objections, should they
i desire to do so.
; Mr. ORR. Is that motion in order?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not in order, and
cannot be entertained, except by unanimous con-
sent.
Mr. ORR. Many gentlemen who, having ex-
amined those bills and objected to them, have
retired from the Hall, I object.
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. I objected to Sen-
ate bill No. 276, for the relief of Colonel James
R. Creecy, because there was no report accom-
panying the bill, and we could, therefore, have no
knowledge of the facts upon which it was founded.
A report has now been found. I therefore ask
leave to withdraw my objection, and that the report
be read.
Mr. MURPHY. Will it be in order to object
to the bill after the report is read ?
The CHAIRMAN. Certainly.
M  JONES, of Tennessee. The calendar hav-
ing been once gone through with, I desire to know
if it is not in order to go over the calendar again,
and let the cases which have been objected to come
up for discussion ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks it would
be in order. The gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Stanton,] however, asks the consent of the com-
mittee to withdraw his objection to Senate bill No.
276, and desires thatthereport in the case may be
read.
Mr. SWEETSER, I rise to a question of or-i
