440
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 28,
der. I submit to the Chair that a case having
come up in its regular order upon the calendar,
being objected to by a member and passed over,
it is not then competent to return to it for the pur-
pose of giving the gentleman who made the objec-
tion an opportunity of withdrawing it.
The CHAIRMAN. As a question of order,
the Chair holds that the gentleman is in the right.
This case, however, was returned to by unani-
mous consent.
Mr. SWEETSER. If there are any particu-
lar cases to which objection has been captiously
made, and the member objecting desires to with-
draw his objection, I will not interpose any ob-
stacle, but I do object to returning generally to the
cases we have passed over.
Mr. STANTON. This is precisely a case of
that character. I objected to it because there was
no report. I now find that there is a report, and
I therefore desire to withdraw my objection.
Mr. SWEETSER. I do not object to that.
The objection was then withdrawn, and the bill
laid aside to be reported to the House.
Mr. PENNIMAN. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the committee to withdraw my objection
to Senate bill No. 152, for the relief of John P.
Callan, administrator of Daniel Renner, deceased.
Mr. SWEETSER. I ask that the gentleman
will state the reasons for withdrawing his objec-
tion. I presume the gentleman has good reasons
for withdrawing his objection; but the point I
make is, that if gentlemen come here and object
to bills when they are called upon the calendar,
and then desire to withdraw their objections, they
shall state their reason for making the objections,
and the reason for withdrawing them. I desire
that they shall be required to do this, in order, in
future, to prevent captious objections from being
made.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Mich-
igan can only be allowed to withdraw his' objec-
tion by unanimous consent.
Mr. SWEETSER. I do not object, if the gen-
tleman be allowed to state his reasons.
Several Members. Of course he will be allowed
to do that.
Mr. PENNIMAN. From representations of
several gentlemen in whose judgment I hare con-
fidence, I am satisfied the case is a meritorious
one; I therefore desire to withdraw my objec-
tion .
The objection was, by general consent, with-
drawn , and the bill laid aside to be reported to the
House.
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. I desire to with-
draw my objection to House bill No. 307, for the
relief of McAtee&Eastham. I will state, that when
I objected to that bill I thought it was one of the or-
dinary cases under the existing laws; butl am now
satisfied that the laws of the Post Office Depart-
ment, under which it would come, will not admit of
a retrospective allowance. The committee which
reported it were unanimous in its favor, and the
case itself is perhaps a hard one; with this under-
standing, therefore, I withdraw my objection.
Mr. MURPHY. I renew the objection.
Mr. MARTIN. I move that the committee do
now rise.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask the gentle-
man from New York to withdraw that motion for
a moment.
Mr. MARTIN. I will withdraw it.
Mr. JONES. There are two bills here to which
I objected: Senate bill No. 238, for the relief of
Thompson Hutchinson, and Senate bill No. 239,
for the relief of Elizabeth Jones and the other
children (if any) of John Carr. I understand that
former reports show that these persons were revo-
lutionary soldiers; that they were for a short time
placed upon the pension roll, but were afterwards
stricken from it. Subsequently, however, the
proper authorities becoming satisfied that they
ought, under the law, to be placed ther* they
were restored under the law by which they were
first placed there, but they were not paid by the
Department from the time they were stricken from
the pension roll up to the time they were restored
These bills provide that the children and heirs of
these soldiers shall receive the pay to which they
were entitled from the time they were stricken
from the roll till the time they were restored. The
bills both involve the same principle; and under- !
standing these to be the facts, F am satisfied that
the claims ought to be paid, and will, therefore, i
' with the consent of the committee, withdraw my
I objections.
! The bills were then laid aside, to be reported to
the House.
[A message was here received from the Presi-
dent of the United States, by the hands of Millard
P. Fillmore, Esq., his Private Secretary, inform-
ing the House that he had approved and signed
sundry bills; also, a message in writing.]
GENERAL ROBERT ARMSTRONG.
Mr. STANLY. I want to state to the commit-
tee the reasons why I objected to House bill No.
193, for the relief of General Robert Armstrong.
Upon examining the report in the case, 1 find that
a physician certifies to total disability. I also find
upon inquiry that this Robert Armstrong—this
gallant soldier, is the respectable editor of the
Union. Now, sir, this same person was Consul
at Liverpool—the best office under the Government
abroad—for four years. This being the fact, and
his disability not being total—for we see him every
day in vigorous health, as I hope he may be for
many years—I think we ought not to pass this
claim until we see some disability. I would vote
him a little monument; I yould vote him a sword,
or I would do anything to testify the respect of
Congress for his gallant services. Or if he were
reduced to poverty, 1 would vote him a pension
larger than that provided for in this bill; but I will
not vote it for his alleged disability, when it ap-
pears that he is a vigorous man.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. I simply desire
to state to the gentleman from North Carolina,
that we have the testimony of a highly respectable
physician that the disability of the applicant in
this case is total. I will also remark, that in all
these cases, the inquiry is as to the ability to make
a support by manual labor. Now, as I said, the
testimony of a highly respectable physician shows
that he is totally disabled from making a support
by manual labor.
Mr. TOOMBS made a remark totally inaudible
i to the Reporter.
I Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. General Arm-
i strong was a lieutenant, but he was acting as a
I captain, and commanding a company, when he
received his wound. At the departments he could
obtain a pension only as lieutenant, under the ex-
isting law; but he thinks, and I think, he is enti-
tled to a pension as a captain, instead of that of a
: lieutenant, and for that reason his case comes be-
fore Congress.
1 Mr. STANLY. I place great reliance upon the
1 knowledge of my honorable friend from Tennessee
[Mr. Harris] about these pension laws. I ad-
mired his stern refusal when he opposed Mrs.
Worth's bill, from a sense of duty, against his
feelings. He will, I know, give me credit for be-
ing actuated now by a like sense of duty. But, in
relation to this case of General Armstrong, I was
about to remark that we all know that he has
made money heretofore, when he was consul at J
Liverpool,—supposed to be the best office under
the Government,—and that he will make a hun-
dred thousand dollars out of the public printing, '
I as I have heard it estimated 
Mr. GORMAN. I rise to a question of order.
I make the point that it is not in order for the gen-
tleman to discuss the merits of General Arm-
strong's right to a pension at this stage of the
proceedings, when his remarks cannot be replied
to by the other side. j
Mr. STANLY. By all means, the gentleman
may reply.
Mr. GORMAN. We cannot do it. !
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from North
Carolina asked the unanimous consent of the com-
mittee to state the reasons why he objected to this
bill. No objection being made, the Chair consid-
ers that the gentleman has a right to make his ex-
planation.
Mr. STANLY. If my friend from Tennessee,
[Mr. Jones,] so skilled in the rules of the House,
was just now in order in making a statement to
the House of his reasons for withdrawing his
objection to a certain bill, I have the same right to
state why I cannot withdraw my objection to this
bill.
I was about to say that General Armstrong will
make a large amount of money out of the public
printing. He is reputed to be wealthy; we see him
m vigorous bodily health, and able to do hard
work, to all appearance. I wish him continuance
of good health, and a long and happy life. I can-
not, from any certificate of two surgeons, no mat-
ter who they may be, vote against the evidence of
my own senses. My friend from Tennessee [Mr.
Harris] says the law contemplates a disability
to perform manual labor. Why, Mr. Clia.irman,
can that be so? Suppose a poor fellow, a clerk in
any of the Departments, who lives by writing—is
: wounded after entering into the military service,
and he comes back here, resumes his labor in the
Department, and is able to write as well as before,
with three or four bullets in him, having a place
with a high salary, can you say he is " totally
disabled," because he cannot cut ditches, or split
rails ? Then a man of my size never could get a
pension. I cannot, and I never could, do such
work. The Almighty never made me for such
work. He made me small physically. The gen-
tleman's rule will not work at all, as he will see.
Now, I regret to oppose this claim. I regret to
oppose anything that looks like doing justice to a
soldier who fights for his country as General Arm-
strong did. No doubt he fought gallantly. I
honor him for it. I will vote him a sword; I will
vote him a little monument after he is dead—not
such a one, itis true, as the monument to Wash-
ington, which is to be raised several hundred feet,
or the statue to General Jackson—but I will give
him all the honor that the gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Harris] wishes or desires. If his
family should be reduced to poverty—which
Heaven forbid—I will vote him more than this bill
provides for. But while he is in vigorous health,
wealthy, at the head of a party press, and able to
work, I cannot, with a clear conscience, vote for
this bill upon the ground of his " total disability."
I give these reasons as grounds of my objection
to it. We have voted a large amount to Mr.
Ritchie; we have paid Boyd Hamilton; I think
we ought to pause before voting away too much
money.
Mr. LETCHER. I objected to Senate bill No.
70. Since my objection was made, I have had
some conversation with gentlemen, who tell me
that the provisions of the bill are in accordance
with established usage, and therefore, with the con-
sent of the House, I withdraw my objection.
No objection wAs made, and the bill was accord-
ingly laid aside, to be reported to the House with
a recommendation that it do pass.
Mr. HENN. I objected to HousebillNo. 311,
entitled " A bill for the relief of John Frink." I
am informed that the report explains away the ob-
jection I had to the bill, and therefore I ask leave
to withdraw it.
No objection was made, and the bill was accord-
ingly laid aside, to be reported to the House with
the recommendation that it do pass.
Mr. MARTIN. I move that the committee
rise.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose, and the Speak-
er having resumed the Chair, the chairman of the
committee (Mr. Hall) reported that the Committee
of the Whole House had had under consideration
the Private Calendar, and had instructed him "to
report to the House House bills Nos. 247, 250,
274, 285 , 320, 321; Senate bills Nos. 152, 276,
194, 195,234, 238, 239, 244, 98,176, 204, 70,208;
joint resolutions Nos. 21, 28, and Senate resolu-
j tion No. 16, with a recommendation that they do
pass; and also Senate bill No. 407, with an amend-
ment, with a recommendation that it do pass.
Mr SACKETT. I would suggest to the House
, that the Clerk read over the titles of all the bills
! which were reported with a recommendation that
they do pass, and that we proceed to vote upon
them in the aggregate, with theexception of those
upon which a separate vote may be requested by
some member. If it be in order, I move to pro-
, ceed in that manner.
Mr. GOODENOW. House bill No. 247, for
the relief of James Glynn, was laid aside and re-
ported to the House with a recommendation thst
i it do pass. The same is the case with Senate bill
No. 234. Both bills refer to the same subject, and
I are substantially the same. I now ask that the
first-named bill, No. 247, be laid upon the table,
with the view of having the vote taken on the pas-
sage of the Senate bill.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will report the
bills which have just been reported from the Com-
mittee of the Whole by their titles, and if any
