442
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 29,
granting five years' half pay to certain widows and orphans
of officers, non-eommissioned officers, musicians and pri-
vate«, both regulars and volunteers," be and they are hereby
granted a continuance of said half pay, under like limita-
tions .tud restrictions, for a further period of five years, to
commence at the expiration of the halt pay provided for by
the aforesaid acta : Provided, however, That in case of the
death or marriage of such widow before the expiration of
said tprni of five years, the half pay for the remainder of the
term shall go to the child or children of the deceased officer
or soldier, whilst under the age of sixteen years; and in like
manner the child or children of such deceased, when there
is no widow, shall be paid no longer than while there is a
child or children under the age aforesaid: Jlndprovided
further, That no greater sum shall be allowed in any case
to the widow or the child or children of any officer than the
half pay of a lieutenant colonel: Provided further, That
the net approved the of February, 1849, " granting five
years'1 half pay to certain widows and orphans of officers,
non commissioned officers, musicians, and privates, both
regular and volunteer/' be so extended and construed as
to embrace the widows and minor heirs of the officers,
non-commissioned officers, musicians, and privates of the
regulars, militia, and volunteers of the war of 1812, and of
the various Indian wars since 1790.
Sec. 2. Jirui be U further enacted, That the widows of
all officers, non-coramissioned officers, musicians, and pri-
vates of the revolutionary army, who were married subse-
quent to January, A. D. 1800, shall be entitled to a pension
in the same manner as those who were married before that
date.
Mr. COBB. I think that I have on former
occasions manifested to the satisfaction of the
House, at least, my zeal for the protection of the
orphan and widow. It is out of that zeal that I
now press this matter for action. Members having
approved of the amendments attached to the bill a
few days ago, I rest assured that the slight amend-
ments inade since will not meet with their opposi-
tion. Believing, then, that the matter is thoroughly
understood, I call for the previous question on
concurring in the report of the conference com-
mittee.
Mr. MILLSON. Will the gentleman with-
draw his call, to allow me to make an inquiry?
Mr. COBB. I will withdraw it, that the gentle-
man may make his inquiry.
(Cries of "No !" "l\o!"]
Mr, COBB. Everybody seems to be calling
out No! and I say No! too. [Laughter.] I do not
withdraw my call. I presume there is no objec-
tion to the report—that it is all right.
Mr. TOOMBS. 1 move that theHousedonow
adjourn.
The question was taken, and the House refused
to adjourn.
The call for the previous question was then
seconded, and the main question was ordered to
be put.
The SPEAKER. The question now is on con-
curring in the report of the committee.
Mr. TOOMBS. I demand the yeas and nays
on that question, that I may record my vote against
it it' nobody else does.
Mr. TUCK. As I believe this to be one of the
most important bills to be passed 
[Cries of "Order!" "Order !"]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot now
debate the question.
Mr. TUCK. I would inquire, Mr. Speaker, if
it be in order to ask for the reading of the bill, so
that we may know before we vote what we are
voting on I
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to tht
gentleman from New Hampshire that the bill is
not before us. We are now acting on the report
of the Committee on Conference on the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses on that bill. What
that committee has reported has been read to the
House by the Clerk, and it is for the House to
determine whether it shall be agreed or disagreed
to.
Mr. TUCK. I would then inquire whether
this matter may not lay over and be ordered to be
printed, so that we may examine what we are
called on to concur in ?
The SPEAKER, (Mr. Jones in the chair.)
Not now, the House having ordered the main
question to be put on the question of concurrence
in the report of the Committee of Conference.
Mr. TUCK. I move, then, with the unanimous
consent of the House, that the bill be printed. I
make no factious opposition, but let us see 
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Illinois. I object.
Mr. SACKETT. 1 move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. TUCK. I am in favor of that motion; but
before it is put, I would ask, by the unanimous
consent of the House, that the bill be printed.
Mr. ORR. I object.
Mr. LETCHER. I demand the yeas and nays
on the motion to adjourn.
Mr. DEAN. I move that when the House ad-
journs to-day, it be to meet on Monday next.
The question was taken, and the motion was
disagreed to.
The yeas and nays were refused on the mbtion
to adjourn.
The question was put, and there were, on a
division—ayes 56.
Mr. TOOMBS. I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Dean and
Fadlkner were appointed.
The question was taken, and the House refused
to adjourn; the tellers having reported—ayes 50,
noes 67.
Mr. TOOMBS. I move that the report of the
Committee of Conference be laid on the table; and
on that motion demand the yeas and nays.
Mr. MciYfULLIN. I move that the House do
now adjourn, so that members may have an op-
portunity of investigating the subject and voting
understandingly.
Mr. HART. I move that when the House
adjourns to-day, it be to meet on Monday next.
Mr. McMULLlN. 1 withdraw my motion to
adjourn.
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. Hart, and it was disagreed to.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I move that
the House do now adjourn, and on that motion
demand the yeas and nays.
The question was taken on ordering the yeas
and nays, and th?y were not ordered, there being
on a division—ayes 19, noes 104; not one fifth.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I submit that
there will be no further trouble if the motion to
lay the report on the table be put to the House.
Mr. DEAN. If this report be allowed to be
ordered to be printed, there will be no objection.
We want to know what it is.
The SPEAKER. There is no motion pending
to print the report, and it cannot be submitted un-
less by unanimous consent.
The question was then taken on the motion to
adjourn, and it was disagreed to.
Mr. McLANAHAN. I move, with the unan-
imous consent of the House, that the report be
printed.
Mr. COBB. 1 move, also, that the bill be
printed.
The SPEAKER. The question now is on the
motion that the bill be laid on the table.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I demand the
yeas and nays.
Mr. DEAN demanded tellers on the yeas and
nays; which were ordered; and Messrs. Harris
1 of Alabama, and Smart were appointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 24, noes 64.
A Voice. That is not one fifth of a quorum.
The SPEAKER, (Mr. Jones, of Tennessee,
occupying the chair temporarily.) The present
occupant of the chair believes that one fifth of those
present can order the yeas and nays.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SWEETSER. I move that there be a call
of the House.
The SPEAKER. It is too late to move a call
of the House, the main question having been or-
dered to be put.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I will make this inquiry
of the Chair. If the House now adjourn, would
not this report of the Committee of Conference
appear in the Globe in the morning, and enable
the House to know what it is ?
The SPEAKER. I suppose that it would ap-
pear in the Globe. 1
Mr CLINGMAN. I will move that the House
adjourn.
Air. HENN. Is it in order to take an appeal
from the decision of the Chair in regard to the or-
dering of the yeas and nays ?
Mr. KING, of New York. Can a question be
taken without a quorum ? On the last division
there was no quorum.
TheSPEAKER. The Chair will state the ques-
tion before the House. Pending the consideration
of the report of the Committee of Conference, a mo-
tion was made to lay that report upon the table.
Pending that motion, the yeas and nays were called
for. On taking the question upon the demand for
the yeas and nays by tellers, they reported 24 in :
the affirmative and 64 in the negative. The Chair
decided that that number being more than one fifth
of those present, the yeas and nays were ordered.
The gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Henn] appeals
from that decision of the Chair. The question is,
shall the decision of the Chair stand as the judg-
ment of the House?
Mr. McMULLlN. I move that the House ad-
journ.
Mr. ORR. I should like the gentleman tem-
porarily to withdraw the motion,that I might ask
a question. It was suggested by the gentleman
from North Carolina, [Mr. Clingmau,] whether
this business would not come up as the first busi-
ness in the morning?
The SPEAKER. The opinion of the present
occupant of the chair is, that the main question
having been ordered to be put, it will be the first
business in order, being unfinished business.
[Cries of "Let us adjourn!" "Let us ad-
journ !"]
Mr. HENN. If this question lies over, I will
withdraw the appeal.
Mr. McMULLlN. I now renew my motion
to adjourn.
The question was then taken, and it wag decided
in the affirmative.
So the House adjourned till to-morrow, at
twelve o'clock, m.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions were presented under the rule
and referred to the appropriate committees :
By Mr. CABLE, of Ohio: The petition of citizens of
Stark county, Ohio, in favor of the passage of House bill
No. 7, to encourage agriculture, &.c.
By Mr. HENN : Joint resolution of the Legislature of
Iowa, asking the establishment of an additional land office
in the northern part of said State.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, January 29, 1853.
The House met pursuan t to adjournment.
Prayer by Rev. James Gallaher.
The Journal ofy esterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER. The business first in order
is the motion made by the gentleman from Georgia
[Mr. Toombs] to lay on the table the report of
the Committee of Conference on the amendments
to the bill of Senate No. 447, to continue half
pay to certain widows and orphans. Upon the
motion to lay the bill upon the table the yeas and
nays were ordered.
Mr. GOODENOW. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to take up Senate bill No. 224,
entitled " An act to amend and extend the provi-
sions of the act entitled • An act for the relief of the
widows and orphans of seamen and marines of the
United States. This bill is from the Senate, and
is similar to the one passed on yesterday for the
i relief of the widows and relatives of certain offi-
cers and seamen of the United States brig Wash-
ington. I hope it will be taken up and passed.
I Mr. COBB. We had better pass the other bill
j first in order, and then I will have no objection to
j action upon the bill referred to by the gentleman.
It may bring up some discussion.
Mr. GOODENOW. If it brings up any dia-
: cussion I will not press it.
Mr. COBB. I have no objection to the bill.
Mr. SWEETSER. I object to all bills takfrn
out of their regular order, except the one for Gen-
eral Riley.
Mr. GOODENOW. I appeal to the gentleman
to withdraw his objection. The bill is for widows
and orphans.
GENERAL RILEY.
Mr. HAVEN. I desire to call the attention
of the House one moment to a bill which 1 wish
to introduce, but, from the temper of the House,
I feel that it will not avail me. I desire to intro-
duce, in pursuance of notice given, a bill for the
relief of Brevet Brigadier General Bennet Riley,
to enable him to settle his accounts.
Mr. VENABLE. It ought to be done.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I will say to the
gentleman and the House, that they had better
dispose of the pending question, and then take up
this bill.
The bill for the relief of Brevet Brigadier Gen-
eral Riley,and to enable him to settle his accounts
with the United States, was then read a first and
second time by its title.
Mr. HAVEN. My intention was to ask the
