444
THE CONGRESSIONAL GJLOBE.
Jan. 29,
The SPEAKER. Yes; the Chair so under-
stands it. ....
Mr. McNAIR. This is a matter in which many
of the members of this House are very much in-
terested. The Select Committee on the founda-
tions of the new wings of the Capitol went to con-
siderable trouble in getting evidence in that inves-
tigation. Witnesses were summoned not only
from Washington city, but they were brought
from Boston and New York. We labored a long
time in the matter, and that investigation was a
very curious one. If the report could come before
the House, it would no doubt interest a great many
gentlemen here.
Mr. HOUSTON. I must object to these re-
in £ii* Its
The SPEAKER. The course of remark in
which the gentlemen from Pennsylvania is in-
dulging is certainly not strictly in order.
Mr. McNAIR. Well, sir, I will only say that
a majority of the Select Committee signed a report,
but it was impossible to present it to the House
last session because the standing committees were
not all called, and the select committees could not
report until they were through. Now, the whole ;
inquiry is cut off by the death of that committee.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman will allow
the Chair, the Chair desires to call the attention of
the House particularly to the language of the
order made by the House at the last session:
"Oo motion by Mr. Stanly, by unanimous consent, the
resolution was amended by inserting after the word { stand- .
ins,' the words 1 and select,' so that the resolution reads I
thus:
" ' Resolved, That all bills, resolutions, and other matters
* referred to the standing and select committees of this
* House upon which no reports shall have been made at
i this session shall be returned informally to the Clerk, and
« shall, bv virtue of this resolution, stand recommitted at the
'commencement of the next session to said committees,
* into whose possession the Clerk is hereby directed to
* restore them.'"
Now, the Chair doubted whether he had au-
thority to reappoint the select committees without
the order of the House, or having the sense of the
House on that subject. The Chair hopes, there- j
fore, that the House will indicate by a vote what 1
are its wishes in regard to the matter.
Mr. STEPHENS. I object to the introduc-
tion of this subject in this way.
The SPEAKER. The Cnair doubts whether
it is not strictly a privileged question.
Mr. STEPHENS. How?
The SPEAKER. It relates to the organization
of this body.
Mr. STEPHENS. We have rules in relation
to the organization of the body, which say that
we shall have regular standing committees.
The SPEAKER. Suppose the Chair had gone
on and appointed these select committees, and, in
the opinion of the gentleman from Georgia, had
thereby transcended his authority, would it not
then have been a privileged question ?
Mr. STEPHENS. Certainly; but that is not
stating the question fairly.
The SPEAKER. Well, if the Chair has failed
to do his duty, is it not a privileged question to
inquire into it?
Mr. STEPHENS. Perhaps the Chair isright.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks so. The
question is, "Shall the Chair reappoint the select
committees of last session?"
Mr. STANLY. That is not the question.
Mr. McNAIR. I only want one committee re-
appointed.
Mr. S TANLY. The motion of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania is to reappoint the select
committee of which he was chairman. That is
the motion he made, and I ask that the question
may be put in that way.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania moves, as the Chair understands it, that
the Speaker reappoint the select committees of the
last session.
Mr. STANLY. Then I raise a question of
order. But I understood the gentleman from
Pennsylvania only to move that the select com-
mittee with reference to the foundations of the new
wings of the Capitol be reappointed.
Mr. McNAIR. That was it. That was the
proposition I made.
Mr. STANLY. The gentleman says that was
it. If a motion is made to reappoint all the select
committees, I shall have a question of order to
present.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. This is claimed
to be a privileged question, 1 suppose, because the
Chair has not performed his duty. Now, it seems
to me, from the reading of the resolution, that by
virtue of the resolution itself, the special commit-
tees were retained for this session. Phat, it seems
to me, is the exact language of the resolution. If
so', this cannot be a privileged question.
The SPBAKER. By the same resolution, the
standing committees would have stood over. Well,
we all know that each committee dies with the
particular session for which it was appointed.
Mr. STANTON. Well, the resolution we
passed has the effect I have stated; because, on
the face of it, it says that, by virtue of this reso-
lution, the bills and other matters shall be recom-
mitted^ the several committees.
The SPEAKER. It the Chair was to act upon
that resolution at all, he would appoint the select
committees on the same principle that he appointed
new standing committees this session. He would
not necessarily be confined to the same members ^
at all. I'
Mr. DUNCAN. By the leave of the Chair, I
wish to make an inquiry of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. McNair.]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can proceed.
Mr. DUNCAN. I wish to inquire of him, I
whether his object in reviving the select commit- |
tee is to enter on further investigations, or simply J
to be able to report?
Mr. McNAIR. I only wish to be allowed to
make a report.
Mr. STUART. I rise to a question of order.
I submit to the Chair whether this question, being
one with regard to the organization of the House,
is debatable?
The SPEAKER. The Chair doubts whether
it is.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I understand that
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. McNair]
has a report prepared by the select committee of
last session, but which he had no opportunity to
present to the House. I presume he only desires
to be allowed to make that report.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. The founda-
tions have been proved to be substantial enough,
and there is no necessity for a report.
Mr. JONES. I move to amend the proposition
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, so that the
i Speaker shall reappoint all the special committees
I which had not discharged their duties at the last
j session.
Mr. SUTHERLAND. I was about to pro-
! pose the same amendment as the gentleman from
i Tennessee has submitted. I am a member of a
; select committee which is in the same condition as
that to which the gentleman from Pennsylvania
belongs. After a great deal of labor, we have
drawn up a report of some ninety printed pages,
which contains a great deal of very important
matter. I think, therefore, that the motion had
better be amended so as to apply to all the select
committees. The committee to which I belong is
the Select Committee on Ether, of which the late
Mr. Rantoul was a member.
Mr. STANLY. I understand that the gentle-
man from Tennessee moves to revive all the select
' committees of last session, and I therefore raise a
' question of order, which I wish to have decided
by the Chair, and put upon the Journal. I main-
tain, that by the order of the House last session,
which was read a few minutes ago by the Chair,
these committees are already in existence, and
that the Speaker has got nothing at all to do with
any appointments this session. The House or-
dered, last session, that these committees should
continue during this Congress. The gentleman
from Alabama [Mr. Cobb] introduced a resolu-
tion that all the business not acted upon by the
standing committees should be recommitted to
them at the next session. On, my motion, the
words " and select " were added, so that all the
matters not acted upon should be recommitted to
the standing and select committees. Now, I main-
tain, with all deference to the Chair, that the com-
mittees are, therefore, in existence. I make that
question distinctly, and I want the decision of the
Chair upon it.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The gentleman
from North Carolina, upon a moment's reflection,
i) I think, will see that he labors under a misappre-
! j hension. The rules provide that there shall be
II standing committees. The resolution, as stated by
the gentleman, not only refers to the select com-
mittees, but also to the standing committees; but
at the commencement of the present session, an
order was given for the Speaker to appoint the
standing committees. Now, suppose that upon
the assembling of Congress at the commencement
of the present session, all the members of the select
committee of which the gentleman from North
Carolina is a member, had resigned, there would
have been no members of that committee here.
Or suppose all the members of the select commit-
tee of which the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. McNair] is amember.had resigned,to whom
would these papers, returned informally to the
Clerk, at the last session, have been referred, when
there was no committee in existence?—for there
would have been no committee in existence. It
has been the uniform practice of the House to ap-
point committees at the beginning of every session,
but the Speaker has never appointed them with-
out an order of the House.
Mr. STANLY. My friend from Tennessee is
not arguing the question before the House at all.
He is the shrewdest man here upon these questions
of order. If he gets a little cornered, he will turn
the matter off upoh something that is not before
the House. He knows very well how to do those
things; but he will not avoid me this time. He
says, suppose the members of the select commit-
i tees haa all died. Well, sir, suppose they had
died; suppose the Speaker had died, or suppose
all the members of the House had died—you may
answer the supposition by supposition.
Mr. JONES. If they had, would this resolution
have been binding when Congress assembled the
first Monday in December ? To whom would the
uncommitted matters have been referred ?
Mr. STANLY. If they had all died, of course
the matters subject to the action of the resolution
would not have been referred to any committee;
for there would have been no committee to refer
them to. Mr. Speaker, I raise this point of
order, and I want the Chair to decide it. There
is no objection to the appointment of this commit-
tee, which my friend from Pennsylvania desires,
if necessary. What I maintain is, that there is no
need of the reappointment.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will decide that
question.
Mr. HOUSTON. There is one other point
which I desire to present, and I will do it in a few
[ words. It is this: I understand the Chair to have
: decided, the present session, that the reports of
i even the standing committees appointed the last
session could not be made until they had been re-
! appointed the present session. Now, this being
the case, unless there be an order of the House
bringing this committee again into existence, the
report of the last session cannot be made.
! Mr. STANLY. That is the point. I contend
that exactly the reverse is true, and I want the
decision of the Chair upon the subject.
The SPEAKER. "All committees shall be
appointed by the Speaker," says the rule, " unless
otherwise specially directed by the House, in
which case they shall be appointed by ballot," &c.
But it has been the uniform practice of the Speaker
to wait the indication of the House before appoint-
ing the committees.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. But there is
another rule which expressly provides that the
committees shall only hold for the session of Con-
gress in which they were appointed.
Mr. STANLY. My friend from Georgia for-
gets the resolution of the House of the last session,
continuing them on to the present session.
Mr. STEPHENS. I take it for granted that
this resolution contemplated that the same state
of things would continue so far as the appoint-
ment of committees was concerned, that the House
at the beginning of this session of Congress would
do what the rules required, and the usual commit-
tees would be appointed. The resolution, as I
understand it, provided simply that the business
remaining in the hands of the committees of the
House, at the close of the last session, should be
again committed to the appropriate committees
I when they should be appointed at the present ses-
' sion of Congress.
Mr. STANLY. That is not in accordance with
the language of the resolution.
Several Voices.- It is the spirit of the resolu-
i tion.
II The SPEAKER. The Chair again asks the
