446
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 29,
for the consideration of private bills and private business, I
in preference to anv other, unless otherwise determined by I
a majority of"the House.
That is the rule. The note is as follows:
" Under the rule of the 26th of April, 1828, relative to a
postponement or change of the order of business, it has been
decided that it takes ta-o thirds to proceed to pubhc busi-
ng on Friday and Saturday. The reason of this decision
j*, that the rule of the 06th of April, 1&>8, made no excep-
tion in favor of the clause for a majority contained in this
rule; and that, therefore, that provision was annulled.
There have been three appeals upon this point, but the
House, in all instances, affirmed the decision in favor of
two thirds." i
The SPEAKER. The Chair, in his judgment,
has not made any decision inconsistent with this
rule or note.
Mr. V EN ABLE. Certainly not.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that it
would not be in order to go to the consideration of
any public business upon the Speaker's table.
Mr. STUART. I am aware that is not in order.
The SPEAKER. Or if it would be in order to
make the motion, it would require a two-thirds
vote to adopt it. But by an express rule of the
House, it is in order to go into Committee of the
Whole on the state of'the Union at any time,
and it has been the universal practice of the House
to indulge that motion.
Mr. STUART. So far as the Chair has stated
he is correct; but the point I make is this: Whether
it is competent to go into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union by a majority
vote, or whether it requires two thirds?
The SPEAKER. A majority vote only is ne-
cessary to carry the House into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union at any
time the House chooses, and when it is in order
to submit the motion. The Chair holds that the
motion is now in order.
Mr. STUART. I ask for tellers upon that mo-
tion.
Tellers were not ordered.
Mr. ORR, I move that the rules be suspended,
and that the House resolve itself into a Committee
of the Whole upon the Private Calendar. {
The SPEAKER, That motion will take pre- I
cedence of the former one. The gentleman from
Alabama [Mr. Houston] moves that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the State of the Union, and the gentleman
from South Carolina [Mr. Orr] moves that the
House resolve itself into a Committee of the
Whole House; and the last motion, this being i
private bill day, must be first taken. 1
Mr. ORR. Will it be obj^tion day in a Com- |
mittee of the Whole House?
The SPEAKER. It will not.
M r. BROW N, of Mississippi. Has the morn-
ing hour expired ?
The SPEAKER. This being private bill day,
we have practically no morning hour.
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. Orr, and there were, on a division—ayes 92,
noes not counted.
So the motion was agreed to.
anthony walton bayard.
The House accordingly resolved itself into a
Committee of the Whole upon the Private Calen-
dar, (Mr. Hall in the chair,) and took up for
consideration's the first business in order, House
bill No. 175, for the relief of Anthony Walton
Bayard.
The bill provides that in lieu of eight dollars a
month, now paid to Anthony Walton Bayard,
the Secretary of the Interior shall place his name
upon the pension roll at the rate of three hundred
dollars a year, to commence the 1st day of Jan-
uary, 1850, and to continue during his natural life.
Mr. MARTIN. I ask for the reading of the
report of the committee.
The report was accordingly read, from which
It appears, that from the papers of the petitioner,
he is entitled to a pension in consequence of sev-
eral wounds received while in the service of the
United States, during the last war with Great
Britain, and that he was accordingly placed on
the pension roll, at the rate of eight dollars per
month, his pension to commence on the — day
of March, 1844; that at the time of his discharge
he knew that he was entitled to a pension, but,
being at that time possessed of some property, he
declined making an application for it, supposing
that in case his circumstances should ever render
jt necessary, he would be entitled to receive all
arrearages; that he has now become poor, help-
less, and decrepit; and inasmuch as no existing
law will make him any allowance for arrearages
of pension, he prays for the passage of a special
act authorizing him to receive such sum of money
as will be equal to ninety-six dollars per year from
the day of his discharge from the service up to
the commencement of his present pension; that,
at the time of the battle with the Indians at Fort
Harrison, the enemy had succeeded in setting
fire to one of the block-houses, from which the
fire was communicated to the roof of the soldiers'
barracks; that the commanding officer called for
volunteers to mount the roof and extinguish the
fire, which was within point-blank shot of the
enemy's rifles; that the petitioner and another
soldier volunteered and mounted the burning roof;
that his companion was immediately shot down,
and he severely wounded; but that he succeeded
in extinguishing the fire, and thus saving a large
amount of valuable property to his country, at
the imminent peril of his life; that while in the
line of his duty, he upon one occasion received a
rifle ball through his leg, below the knee; that
upon another, he had his jaw-bone and his skull
fractured; and that upon a third, a splinter from
a shot cut his abdomen completely open for some
six inches in length; and that the combined effect
of all these wounds renders him incompetent to
support himself and family.
Mr. MARTIN. This claim has been reported
favorably upon by the several committees of this
House. One historical fact connected with this
individual is, that at the time Captain Taylor com-
manded at Port Harrison, Bayard was a private
soldier, belonging to the old line of the United
States service.
It will be recollected by most of the members of
the House, that the block-house of that fort was
set on fire, and that the roof of the store-house
and barracks were all in a conflagration . They were
surrounded by a large number of hostile Indians,
within point-blank shot of that fort.
The roof being on fire, the commanding officer
called for volunteers to put out the fire. This
man, with another individual, ascended that roof
to extinguish the fire. His companion was shot
down, and lost his life upon the roof of the build-
ing. Bayard succeeded in extinguishing the fire,
but came off wounded. He remained a long time
in the service, and was always a faithful soldier.
He reenlisted a second time, and served upon the
western frontier. Among his papers is a letter
from General Taylor, which speaks of him in
high terms of commendation. During a portion
of his time he served as a hospital steward, and
while upon the Missouri river, he met with an ac-
cident on board a boat, by which he received a
serious injury.
This man, in common with other men who have
been in the service of the country, so long as he
retained his property, and could support himself,
reftised to apply for a pension, knowing that he
would be able to get his pension at any time when
he should make application for it; and up to 1844,
when the pension was granted, he did get along
without it. He supposed that his pension would
! date back to the time when he was discharged
from service, being a period of nearly thirty years.
The committees which heretofore reported upon
this case—and I presume the same influence gov-
erned them which governs the presentcommittee—
believing that this man should be remunerated to
some considerable extent, but not believing in the
principle of going back and giving back pensions,
have adopted this plan of remunerating him.
He is an old man now, a resident of Bellefonte, in
Center county, Pennsylvania; a man of high stand-
ing and great moral worth, and highly respected,
though poor; and if this bill is passed, I think it
will be doing no more than exact justice to a pri-
vate soldier who has rendered important service to
the country. An officer who had performed this
same service, would have been remunerated years
and years ago; and I ask at the hands of this com-
mittee that the same justice be meted out to a private
soldier, who distinguished himself in the field, and
in this case of emergency, as would be dealt out
to a man wearing a pair of epaulets.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. The applicant in
this case is petitioning for arrears of pension, arid
not for an increase of pension. He has had, and
I has for years been receiving, a total-disability pen-
j sion. He supposes himself, however, to be en-
titled to a pension from the day he received his
wound up to the time he applied for and received
a pension. The committee of this Congress, and
I believe every other committee that has examined
this case, has repudiated his claim for arrears of
pension. But the committee of this House, while
they repudiate that claim, have reported in favor
of a pension of twenty-five dollars a month to a
private soldier who is now receiving a total-dis-
ability pension. I haveexamined the proofs in this
case carefully, as a member of the committee to
which it was referred, and I find nothing in it be-
yond the simple fact that the petitioner was a sol-
dier who discharged the duties of his position. He
was wounded, and the testimony of physicians
show that he was totally disabled, and is entitled
to a total-disability pension, which pension he is
to-day receiving. There is not one word of proof
in the whole case showing these very extraordi-
nary services claimed for him by my friend from
New York, [Mr. Martin.]
The proof in the case, which is a certificate from
General Taylor, shows that he was a soldier who
discharged his duties faithfully, and that he was
I wounded; and the testimony shows that it was a
' total-disability wound. I cannot find one reason
why you should give to this private soldier a
pension of twenty-five dollars per month, when
you give to all other private soldiers who have
performed the same services, and have received
like injuries, and who are totally disabled, only
eight dollars a month. For that reason I have
thought it proper to state the facts to this House,
and 1 shall deem it my duty to oppose, by my
vote, the passage of this bill.
A Voice. Move an amendment.
Mr. HARRIS. There is no necessity for an
amendment. He is receiving a total-disability
pension already, and this bill proposes, instead of
eight dollars, to give him twenty-five dollars a
month. It presents the ordinary case which is
presented every day to the Pension Office, or to
this House, and I can see no reason why you
should so far disregard the rules which have gov-
erned your legislation, and the action of your Ex-
ecutive Departments heretofore, as to give to one
private soldier who has done no more than the
discharge of his duty, and who is no more than
totally disabled, a pension three times as great as
that which you allow to all other private soldiers.
I shall, sir, vote against this bill.
Mr. PARKER, of Pennsylvania. This is a
special case, brought before the committee under
peculiar circumstances. It is a great mistake to
suppose that the petitioner claims this additional
pension upon the footing of ordinary services. It
is not an ordinary case.
Mr. HARRIS, (interrupting.) If the gentle-
man will allow me, I will say that I speak from
the proofs upon record, and there is not one syl-
lable of proof before the House or the country, of
the state of facts upon which gentlemen think
proper to base the claims of this party; and even
if the facts claimed were in proof before the House,
they would not change, in my opinion, the prin-
ciples of the case in any one point of view, or en-
title the applicant to any more than he is to-day
receiving.
| Mr. PARKER, (resuming.) Four times has
! this case been favorably reported upon by four
j several committees of the House, and 1 believe the
! honorable gentleman from Tennessee stands sol-
' itary and alone in his opposition to the bill. That
is something. Those committees have reported
I that the services of Mr. Bayard were services of
j great value, peculiar and extraordinary. Let no
]l gentleman say that the services rendered by Bay-
|! ard were ordinary services. They were extraor-
Ij dinary services, and demand more than eight dol-
; lars per month, or ninety-six dollars per year.
Eight dollars per month is the compensation paid
for the ordinary risk of the field and the battle.
But Mr. Bayard's risk was an extraordinary one.
| Mr. HARRIS. Will the gentleman point to the
! proof of extraordinary services?
Mr. PARKER. It is something that the four
j several committee have reported it as a fact, satis-
fied as they were, no doubt, by competent testi-
mony. 1 say that the testimony of a Bayard—
| where a Bayard is known—ought to be enough to
| satisfy an ordinary man of the truth of the state-
ment. The acts of Bayard prove that he was a
ji brave man, and I am very willing to take the
II statement of a brave man for proof. Such a man
