1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
447
cannot lie. I have some testimony in my pos-
session. True, Taylor is dead, but he yet
speaks. I hold in my possession a letter from a
distinguished gentleman in Bellefonte, in which he
Stares that in 1S49 he had an interview with Gen-
eral Taylor. In that interview he stated that he
recollected Bayard well; that he was in the war
of 1S12, and that he was one of the defenders of
Fort Harrison. On that memorable occasion we
know, as a general fact, that there was a garrison
of only fourteen men surrounded by some seven
hundred and fifty hostile Indians. They were
safe against all assaults of the Indians, but not
•gainst the perils of fire. In that trying hour,
when the block-house was in flames, and the small
Harrison beset by dangers on every side, General
'avlor called for volunteers. Bayard, with a
comrade, stepped forward, willing to perform the
perilous duty. He, though wounded, and his
comrade shot down, by an almost superhuman
effort, succeeded in extinguishing the flames, and
thereby, in saving the garrison and valuable prop-
erty of the Government. This is the substantial
statement made by General Taylor, whilst Presi-
dent of the United States, to Colonel Andrew G.
Curtin, of Bellefonte. I have his letter before
me, and, if desired, shall cause it to be read.
Now. under all these circumstances, is the
American Congress going to refuse this poor old
decrepit man this small pension? Mr. Chairman,
if members knew Bayard as others knew him—
if they had seen him as others have seen him—if
they could see the gash that man bears on his
body—his fractured jaw, his broken limb—all op-
position to this bill would cease. See him now
going along at his halting gait, unable to gain a
livelihood by manual labor! That is the man for
whose relief this bill is reported,and I hope that it
will pass by acclamation.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi. So say I.
Mr. PARKER. Enough said, then. I move
that the bill be laid aside, to be reported to the
House, with the recommendation that it do pass.
The question was then put, and on a division
there were—ayes 84.
Mr. ORR. I demand tellers on the motion.
Unless all members vote, the committee will be left
without a quorum.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Harris, of
Alabama, and Goodenow were appointed.
The question was again put, an# the tellers
reported—ayes 90, noes 24; no quorum voting.
[Cries of " Recount!" "Recount!"]
The CHAIRMAN. If there be no objection,
a recount will be made.
There was no objection, and the question was
taken, and the tellers reported—ayes 91, nays 26.
So the bill was ordered to be laid aside, to be
reported to the House with a recommendation that
it do pass.
JOHN H. PIATT.
The next bill on the calendar which came up for
consideration was the bill of the House, No. 200,
entitled " A bill for the relief of the legal repre-
sentatives of John H. Piatt, deceased."
Mr. EDGERTON. I move, with the unani-
mous consent of the committee, that that bill be
passed over informally, inasmuch as a large mass
of testimony with relation to it has been present-
ed this session which I have not had an opportu-
nity'of examining.
There was no objection, and the motion was
agreed to.
PHILADELPHIA GAS-WORKS.
The next bill on the calendar which came up
for consideration was House bill No. 203, entitled
" A bill for the relief of the trustees of the Phila-
delphia gas-works."
The bill was read through. It provides for the
remission of duty collected on an imported tele-
scope gas-holder.
The report of the Committee on Commerce,
accompanying the bill was then read.
The report represents that the memorialists, in
the year 1845, at considerable expense, sent their
superintendent and engineer to Europe for the
purpose of procuring models and machinery there
known to be in use, by which a more economical
manufacture of gas could be made than under the
process and by the machinery previously em-
ployed. In pursaance of his report, they imported
the gas-holder and fixtures, (called the telescope
gas-holder,) a most valuable invention, and a great :
improvement in the arts, which were received in
the years 1845 and 1846. That, although draw-
ings for said machinery had been obtained from
abroad, our mechanics declined its construction,
believing that, without models before them, the
work could not be profitably done. The object of
importing the same was, that it might serve for
models from which their own and the other gas
works of the country might have similar appara-
tus and machinery constructed. That as soon as
it arrived, it was exhibited to all who wished to
see it, and written invitations sent to the principal
manufacturers to call and examine it. Other cities
have availed themselves of the means thus afforded,
and similar machinery has been made or is now
making from these models, by American mechan-
ics, for New York, Brooklyn, Buffalo, New Or-
leans, Savannah, St. Louis, and for other places,
and thus the benefits of this importation have been
extended to all the cities in the Union. Thata por-
tion of said apparatus imported into New York was
admitted duty free; but at the port of Philadelphia,
a doubt being expressed by a deputy collector on
thesubject, Mr. Cresson paid the duties (§1,70130)
under protest, and applied to the Treasury De-
partment for relief. The Hon. Elisha Whittle-
sey, First Comptroller, to whom the claim was
referred, examined the same, and made the follow-
ing report:
Treasury Department, )
Comptroller's Office, July 19, 1849. J
The trustees of the Philadelphia city gas works hearing
of a new invention in England, denominated a gas-holder,
sent an agent to examine it, and if found to be a valuable
improvement, to procure one for the use of the company,
and to be a model after which other machines might be
constructed. Parts of the machine were landed in Phila-
delphia in the yearn 1845 and 1846, on which duties were
demanded and paid, under protest. Other parts were landed
in New York, on which no duty was exacted. The com-
pany supply the city of Philadelphia with gas, at cost.
Machines have been made from this model for Buffalo,
Southwark, Spring Garden, Philadelphia city, New York,
New Orleans, and Brooklyn, without any charge, and me-
chanics have been publicly invited to examine the ma-
chinery, and to take any drawings of it they might desire.
The price of gas has been much reduced to the citizens of
Philadelphia. Gentlemen of science say it is an improve-
ment in the arts.
It is described in the protest as being "a part of their
apparatus, tools, and machinery."
1 think a better description is contained in the 6th article
of the 9th section of the act of August 30, 1842, Statutes at
Large, page 561, in the words '' models of machinery, and
improvementt in the arts," which were by said act admit-
ted free of duty.
My opinion is, that the duty was illegally exacted, and
that it should be refunded; and if the honorable Secretary
of the Treasury concurs in this opinion, the First Auditor
will be pleased to report accordingly.
ELISHA WHITTLESEY.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hardly think it neces-
sary to multiply words after the manner in which
Mr. Whittlesey has expressed himself in that
letter. Everybody knows that he is a cautious
and correct man. Every city of this Union has
derived decided advantage in the great reduction
of the price of gas, in consequence of the import-
ation of this very economical apparatus.
Mr. STUART. I should like to make an in-
quiry. The gentleman from Pennsylvania does
not state the action of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury on the opinion of Mr. Whittlesey.
Mr. CHANDLER. I do not know what it
was. I beg to state to the gentleman that I have
not had the care of the bill, but my colleague, [Mr.
Robbins,] who is not now in his seat. He report-
ed it from the Committee on Commerce. It ap-
pears to me, however, that if the Secretary of the
Treasury decided the collection of duty was
wrong, we should have had no trouble here about
the matter. Mr. Whittlesey, and those who have
investigated the subject, believe that relief ought
to be granted. In any other city duty would not
have been charged, because the telescope gas-holder
came under that clause of the act of Congress
which provided that " models of machinery'and
improvements in the arts" should be admitted free
of duty. Gas companies have sent to Philadel-
phia for the purpose of copying that model, and
it has been productive of very much benefit to the
various cities of the Union. I shall say no more,
because I believe that all the facts necessary to be
known have been stated by Mr. Whittlesey fn the
letter which has been read.
Mr. STUART. I am not disposed to enter
into a discussion of this bill, nor any other private
bill of an ordinary character. I paid very close
attention to the reading of the report, which devel-
ops several important facts. If I can be satisfied i
in reference to one or two questions involved in it,
I will find no difficulty in voting to refund this
money. As the case is presented, it does not
seem to be one in which the duty ought to be re-
mitted. The facts stated in the report are briefly
these: That one portion of this machine was di-
rectly imported to the city of Philadelphia, and
that another was imported into New York; that
on that portion imported into New York, no duty
was demanded or paid, and that at Philadelphia,
duty was demanded, and paid under protest. The
case was presented by virtue of that protest sub-
sequently to the Treasury Department. Reference
has been made to Mr. Whittlesey, who has said
that the importation was not properly classified
under the law, and that it ought to have been clas-
sified with models, &.c., that are imported free of
duty, and he refers that opinion to be sanctioned
or rejected by the Secretary of the Treasury.
Now, I suppose, if the Secretary of the Treasury
had sanctioned that opinion, he would have remit-
ted the duty under the law. He would have deci-
ded, in other words, that the duty was improperly
demanded, and would have refunded it.
The only inference to be drawn from that report
is, that the duty was properly demanded and paid,
and therefore that the portion imported into the
city of New York ought to have paid duty under
the law. So far as this report shows, it is a naked
question of whether you will or will not remit the
duty, which by your general law was collectable
in consequence of the particular character of this
machinery? Now, I think that is an important
question to be decided by Congress, either on a
public or a private bill. If I have understood the
report correctly, these are the very facts stated,
and this is the single point for us to determine.
Will you remit duty fixed by general law be-
cause the machinery reported has turned out to be
very useful? Now, Mr. Chairman, it is one of
the best reasons in the world why duties should
not be remitted. I would sooner remit the duties
on an importation that had proved disastrous to
the importer in the way of experiment which, if
successful, would have been a great advantage to
the industry, the commerce, or the mercantile pur-
suits of the country. Here is one, however, that
has been vastly beneficial. Its importers have
made money out of it. It has answered their most
sanguine expectation, and they ought to have paid
duties under the law on their whole machine.
That part imported into New York ought to have
paid duty. Now, it seems to me, as I have no
desire to consume time in discussing this or any
other ordinary private bill, that the case presents
a state of circumstances showingmostconclusively
that the duties ought not to be remitted. Ana
unless I have much misapprehended that report,,
it will require some strong reasons to change that
opinion. I think the House and Congress should
consider very carefully before they adopt the prin-
ciple of remitting duties where the general law re-
quires those duties to be paid, unless in the cases
of calamities by fire where the article has been
destroyed.
Mr. CHANDLER. With the permission of
the committee, I will submit only a few remarks;
I do not wish to occupy much of the time of the
committee. I have already stated that the bill
was not under my charge, but that of my col-
league, [Mr. Robbins.] This model was pur-
chased in England, because then there had been
no such improvement made in this country. And
it is of such a structure that no imitation could be
made of it by a mere written or printed descrip-
tion. A part of the model, it would seem, was
placed on board of a New York vessel, received
at that port, and permitted to pass the custom-
house free of duty, under a construction of the law
of Congress. A part came to Philadelphia, to
which port patents and such matters had not often
come previously, and the custom-house officers
there expressed a doubt about the subject. It was,
therefore, referred here. It is known to mercantile
gentlemen here that the construction of the law
at the custom-house at New York, it being the
principal one in the United States, has been more
liberal on these matters than that of Philadelphia
or any of the southern custom-houses. I have
myself procured the remission ef duties on sev-
eral articles, the duties on which had been paid
under the protest under very similar circumstan-
ces. I do not know why it should happen there
was not a concurrence of the opinion ai the Secre.
