448
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan 29.
tary with that of Mr. Whittlesey, whose opinion
exercises thegreatest influence at all times. I heard
yesterday, in reference to a subject under consid-
eration in the House, the expression, " I will vote
for it if Mr. Whittlesey warrants it." It was the
opinion of Mr. Whittlesey that this article was,
as the New York officer declared, included under
that clause of the act of Congress providing for
the admission of " models of machinery and im-
provements in the arts" free of duty.
Mr. SACKETT. With the gentleman's per-
mission, I will ask him whether this machine or
model—sometimes called the one and sometimes
the other—was imported to be put into practical
use by the company ?—or whether it was only
designed as a model, and is still retained as such?
Mr. CHANDLER. I am not able to answer
the gentleman's question. This I do know, from
my official relation with that part of the city, that
whether retained in doors or out of doors, as a
model or in practical use, the mechanics of this
country, who were connected with the manufac-
ture of gas, or the manufacture of articles of that
kind, required the use of this telescope gas-holder,
and they were invited to come and copy it; and
they did come and make free use of it. It has
been a general benefit. It has, indeed, been a
model for all. Persons, at the instigation of gas
companies, from almost every part of the Union,
have come and copied and made use of it. The
whole matter, I think, is now before the commit-
tee, as much so as I can make it, and I shall
therefore consume no further time. I hope there
will be no objection now to the laying of the bill
aside to be reported to the House, with the recom-
mendation that it do pass.
Mr. SACKETT. I should like, ifthere be any
member present of the Committee on Commerce,
from which this bill emanated, the question an-
swered that I propounded to the gentleman from
Pennsylvania. I think that the decision of the
question whether this bill ought to pass or not is
involved in the answer to that inquiry. If it really
was imported as a model as the law intended that
models of patents should he admitted duty free,
it ought not to have paid duty. If, on the other
hand, it was a new machine, merely imported to
be put into use, though used by others as a
model, it was clearly subject to duty. I trust some
member of the committee will answer the ques-
tion.
Mr. McLANAHAN. I am not a member of
the Committee on Commerce, from which this bill
was reported, but 1 paid some slight attention to
the reading of this report. I will read one sen-
tence of it, which I think will convince the gentle-
man from New York:
" The object of importing the same, (that is, the telescope
fras-holder) was that it might serve for models from which
their own and the other gas-works of the country might
have similar apparatus and machinery constructed."
The report goes on:
" Other cities have availed themselves of the means thus
afforded, and similar machinery has already been made, or
is now making from these models, by American mechanics,
for New York, Brooklyn, Buffalo, New Orleans, Savannah,
St. Louis, and for other places, and thus the benefits of this
importation have been extended to all of the cities of the
Union."
The object of the importation was the possession
of a model to be used in Philadelphia. The ad-
vantages resulting from its use have been appre-
ciated by almost every city in the Union.
Mr. FREEMAN. Was not the machine put
into actual use ?
Mr. McLANAHAN. I know no more than
the object of the importation was, that this machine
might be used in Philadelphia and throughout the
country, as a model of the improvement invented
in England, and it was so used.
Mr. CHANDLER. If I may be allowed to
reply, 1 cannot say how it was. They multiplied
them. They used several of them, but j cannot
tell whether that model is among those in use or
not. It was used as a model from which imita-
tions have been made in that city, and for the use
of cities in other States.
Mr. FREEMAN. I understand the gentleman
that it had been put in practical operation and was
very useful.
Mr. CHANDLER. I meant that imitations of
ft had been used in various parts of the country.
It is used as a model.
Mr. SACKETT. I think really the whoLeques-
tion resolves itself into this: Any man may import
j valuable machinery, which of course is used as a
model. That is the natural consequence of im-
portation; but that was not the intention of the law.
The question is, whether it was a model, imported
as a model, and not a machine imported for use.
It may have been used as a model by which to
manufacture others.
Mr. CHANDLER. I beg to reply that it was
imported as a model.
Mr. DUNCAN. Having paid a close atten-
tion to this subject, when it was under discussion
on a former occasion in the House, and having
formed a very decided opinion that a liberal and
proper action on the part of Congress would remit
those duties, 1 am induced to offer a few remarks
to the House. The facts of the case are these:
The manufacture of gas was early introduced into
the city of Philadelphia. Being aware that great
improvements had been made in its manufacture
in the city of London, and knowing that machin-
ery could not be imported without a duty, de-
sirous also to encourage their own mechanics,
•they sent an agent to England, who brought out
drawings and specifications for the manufacture of
this machinery. They submitted it to their me-
chanics in Philadelphia, but not having executed
any work of that kind, they declined to undertake
it. The company were then compelled to import
the article itself in a finished state from Great
Britain. They did so import it, and when it ar-
rived in this country, it was exhibited, as has been
stated, to those interested in the manufacture of
gas in New York, and in various cities named in
the report; and it was used by them as a model for
constructing additional gas machinery in Phila-
delphia and in other places.. I learn from the re-
port that this identical machine was put into
practical operation, and I suppose it is on that ac-
count that the Secretary of the Treasury gave a
construction to the law that it did not come under
the class of models. I presume it is for that rea-
son, and that reason alone, that he declined to remit
the duties.
Mr. SWEETSER. I desire to ask the gentle-
man a question. How long is it since this ma-
chine was imported ?
Mr. DUNCAN. The agent was sent out in
1845. The machine was imported in 1846.
Mr. SWEETSER. Did it not appear from
the papers that the use of this machine by the
company who imported it was a matter of specu-
lation for the manufacturers to sell to surrounding
cities ?
Mr. DUNCAN. They have been reducing
the price of gas in Philadelphia, which thereby led
, to a reduction of the price of gas in other cities,
from time to time, ever since they introduced it.
1 It is afforded to citizens of Philadelphia at actual
i cost. In point of fact, though this machinery
went into practical use, it still served as a model
not only for machinery to be made in Philadel-
Fhia, but for machinery to be made in other places.
hold, therefore, that it is a case where this Con-
gress could remit the duties by exercising that
due degree of liberality with which they ought to
!' Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Is this the bill
reported by the Committee on Commerce?
Mr. ROBBINS. Yes, sir. It is the bill re-
ported by that committee. The duties have been
remitted on a similar model at New York, but it
was under a different construction of the law.
Mr. DUNCAN. This Government is not a
Jew, taking the pound of flesh—taking all it can
get and keeping all it can take.
Mr. FREEMAN. Was the machine a model
at all? Was not the original machine itself en-
tirely completed, and did it not go into practical
service ? That is what I understand the gentleman
to admit.
Mr. DUNCAN. I presume that was the fact.
Mr. FREEMAN. Then it was not a model of
the machine.
Mr. DUNCAN. Every machine is a model of
every other machine of the same kind.
Mr. FREEMAN. A model in our Patent Office
is technically named. It is not the machine pre-
pared to go into actual operation, but a model of
that machine.
Mr. DUNCAN. I said, in my remarks, that
technically it did not come under the description
of a model, but in fact it is a model by which an
; other machinery ofthe same kind, sinceits import-
- ation, have been and can be made.
Mr. FREEMAN. Is not every machine a
model after which other machines may be made?
Mr. DUNCAN. Of course every new machine
is a model after which other machines may be
made.
Mr. FREEMAN. Is it not true, that it was
not a model, according to the terms of our revenue
law, and was not used?
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. It was a model,
and that is the reason why the company come here
to apply for relief. It is a new plan for the genera-
tion of gas, and cost the people of Philadelphia a
great outlay of money. By the introduction of
this new machinery, gas may be produced cheaper
throughout the country. It was but a simple
model to introduce this new system, this new plan
for the generation of gas.
Mr. FREEMAN. I suggest, then, that we will
be compelled to alter the revenue law, and make
this single machine an exception; but certainly the
gentleman does not propose to do such a thing.
Mr. STEPHENS. We ask it to be made an
exception, and that the duty be remitted.
Mr. FREEMAN. If it is not a model, then,
under the existing laws, the duty ought to have
been paid alike in Philadelphia and New York.
Mr. ROBBINS. Will the gentleman from Maa-
sachusetts [Mr. Dtjncan] allow me a remark ?
Mr. DUNCAN. I will reply in a moment to
the gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr. Freeman,]
and then I will yield the floor. This was the first
machine of the kind introduced into the country,
and it served as a model for other machines, not-
withstanding it was a machine of enlarged and
Particular dimensions, just as much as if it had
een a miniature exhibition of a similar article.
It was in fact, and in truth, a model for the ma-
chinery of that description, because it was the
first of the kind introduced into the country:
Mr. FREEMAN. Then it is admitted that it
was not a model in fact, but served as a model.
Mr. ROBBINS. 1 desire merely to remark
that a portion of this apparatus was imported into
New York, and was admitted duty free. Another
portion was imported into the city of Philadelphia,
but there they would not admit it free. Mr. Whit-
tlesey, to whom this subject was referred, after
examination, said, that inasmuch as it had been
free in one case, it ought to be in the other; but it
was necessary to come to this House to get their
permission .i
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I am not skilled
in the manufacture of gas, nor do I know much
about the machinery with which it is manufac-
tured. [Laughter.] I understand the question
now before the committee is, whether we will
remit the duties, or, rather, refund to the gas com-
pany in Philadelphia the duties which they have
legally paid upon the machinery imported into
the country for the purpose of manufacturingthis
article. Why shall we refund to them duties
legally paid, any more than we shall refund duties
legally paid in all other cases under the then ex-
isting laws? This company were authorized to
manufacture gas, and to sell it in the city of Phil-
adelphia, I presume. They understood that there
was improved machinery in London for the man-
ufacture of the article, and in order to profit by it,
they sent their agent there, bought the machinery,
brought it here, paid the duty, and put it into op-
eration. It succeeded, and met their expectations.
Others learning that their machinery was success-
ful, went and took patterns of it, I suppose, and
made similar machinery for other portions of the
country. I do not know anything at all about the
! improvement in this machinery. It may have
i been similar to certain improvements which were
j said to be made in gas machinery in this city.
When the company first went into operation, it
was said that they had machinery by which their
gas-meters were made twenty-five per cent, short,
and they charged, and made people pay for, one
hundred feet of gas, when they had received but
| seventy-five feet. This may have been that sort
of improvement. I can see no justice in the case.
They have legally paid the duties, and we should
not remit them.
j Mr. SWEETSER. I propose to strip this
I question of the fustian that has been thrown around
it,and let gentlemen vote upon the proposition as
it should be understood, without any disguise. It
is admitted on all hands that a part of this ma-
chinery wag imported into the city of New York
in 1845, and by a construction of the law then in
