THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
32i> Congress, 2d Sessiok.
TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 1, 1853.
New Series....No. 29.
existence no duty was charged upon it. Subse-
quently, another portion was imported, and land-
ed at Philadelphia. By a construction of the same
l;iw, a duty was imposed upon it, and the parties
to whom this machinery belonged submitted to
the construction thereon, and paid the duty under
protest. The plain question now presented to the
House is, that inasmuch as the custom-house offi-
cers in the city of Philadelphia put a different con-
struction upon the law, and demanded duties upon
a portion of the same machine which had passed the
custom-house in New York free, they desire now
to he relieved. The lon^acquiescence may be con-
strued into an admission that no injustice has been
done, and that the duties collected at Philadelphia
were lesrally demanded. If the custom-house offi-
cers in Philadelphia have put a wrong construction
upon the law, why the Secretary of the Treasury
would have heard that question; and if wrong had
been done, the corporation would have had their
remedy and relief in due time, and from theprop.er
tribunal; but if the custom-house officers in Phila-
delphia have rightly construed the law, and prop-
erly charged duties upon this machinery, the ques-
tion is, Shall we make a mere gratuity to this
company or corporation There may be merit in
the claim. They may have introduced an im-
provement which calls upon Congress to make a
gratuity of the entire duty.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Idonotunder-
s'and that this is carried on exactly by a company.
These gas-works in Philadelphia are under the
authority of the city councils, and all the citizens
of Philadelphia are supplied with cheap gas.
Mr. SWEETSER. That is perfectly immate-
rial, and dries not change the case at all. The ques-
tion is, whether the bill now under consideration
is or is not to remit the duties paid; or, in other
words, make a gratuity to this company, because
no duties were charged upon the first importation
at New York, under the construction put upon
the law there, while duties were charged on the
second importation at Philadelphia, under a differ-
ent construction of the law there. Because, under
one construction of the law, duties were not
charged upon the first importation at New York,
do they ask that the duties collected at Philadel-
phia shall be refunded? Because they had good
luck in the custom-house at New York, they
now desire good luck in this House for the pur-
pose of having the entire duties remitted. Is that
the ground on which this bill is based? That is
the question, and we are prepared to give it to
them, if the reasons urged are good and sufficient.
If Philadelphia haa been foremost, and has taken
the lead in the introduction of improvements in the
manufacture of gas—(I do not use the word as it
is often used here) I mean gas for the purpose of
light, not gas for the purpose of darkness, which
we all understand—if Philadelphia has taken the
lead in this matter, and has made large expendi-
tures which has resulted in a great public benefit,
why,sir, so far as I am concerned, I am prepared
to be liberal towards her. But I do not want this
bill passed upon the ground of a mere gratuity, or
by a quibble in the construction of the tariff law. !
Mr. McLANAHAN, (interrupting.) I wish
to ask the gentleman from Ohio—as he is address- i
ing himself now to the naked question—whether, !
under the statute of 1842, which makes it the |
policy of this Government to admit, free of duty,
all models of machinery, and improvements in the ]
arts, and in view of the facts as they are now pre-
sented to the House in this report, this was notan
improvement in the arts, and should not, under a
just construction of thatstatute, have been admit-
ted free of duty? I desire further to say, that the
policy of the Government in this respect is correct.
In France, a man who takes a model of an im-
provement in machinery from this country, ob-
tains a patent for it; and I think 1 am justified in
saying that he who carries into any of the Gov-
ernments of the continent of Europe, an improve-
ment in any art, has the advantage, under a patent,
tQ a great extent, of an original inventor. It is
surely, then, the proper policy of this Government
to encourage the introduction of such improve-
29
jlments as the one now under consideration, by
! admitting them through the custom-house free of
1 duty; and it was evidently the design of Congress
to establish this policy by the passage of the act
of 1842.
The corporation of the city of Philadelphia fur-
nish their citizens with gas at cost; and they have,
by the use of this improvement, brought machinery
from London, which reduced the expense of manu-
facturing gas, not only in Philadelphia, but in every
other city into which similar machinery has been
introduced. I ask the gentleman, then, in gLvinga
fair and liberal construction to this law, if this is
not an improvement in the arts, and if it does not
, come not only within the spirit and meaning, but
within the very terms of the act of 1842?
Mr. FREEMAN. With the permission of the
gentleman from Ohio, I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania a naked question. Is
not this machinery of iron ?
Mr. McLANAHAN. I have never seen the
machinery, nor do I think that an answer to the
gentleman's question can be of much consequence |
in settling this matter. I
Mr. FREEMAN. I ask again, is the machin-
ery, or is it not, of iron ? |
Mr. CHANDLER. It is.
Mr. FREEMAN. Then I ask the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. McLanahan] if he is j
willing to admit manufactured iron into Pennsyl- '
vania free of duty, and particularly railroad iron?
Mr. McLANAHAN. L respond to that ques-
tion, that in Pennsylvania we always adhere with
patriotic fidelity to the Constitution and the laws.
When the law is written plainly before us, as this
law of 1842is, we adopt it as our rule of action;
and if an improvement in arts or a model in ma-
chinery is attempted to be brought into the country
under this law, that will be of vast importance not
only to Philadelphia but to every city in the
1 Union, we are ready to admitit free of duty, even
though it come in the " questionable shape" of
iron.
Mr. FREEMAN. The gentleman has not an- :
swered my question. I
Mr SWEETSER. I cannot yield the floor any
longer for the discussion of collateral questions. 1
Sir, I think this House and the gentleman from ,
Pennsylvania will be obliged to me for the manner
in which I have presented thiscase, because it has
drawn from the honorable gentleman the only
good and substantial reason I have heard' why this
bill should pass. If it is predicated on a question
of public policy—and I was about to direct my
attention to that point when I was interrupted—if
it is predicated upon that ground, I will go as far
as the honorable gentleman from Pennsylvania or !
any other member of this House, not only in giv- I
ing aid in the introduction of foreign machinery j
into the country, but in giving aid to inventors in
this country. If Philadelphia predicates this claim
upon the ground that she has been foremost in the
introduction of machinery of this kind, which has
not only lessened her own expenses, but has car- !
ried benefits to surrounding cities, it will receive
my hearty support, and I will vote for the bill.
But, if it is put upon the otherground, which was
first stated to the committee, a quibble in relation
to the construction of the law, then I am prepared
to stand by the administrators of the law in this
case, and not to permit Philadelphia, because there
may have been a violation of the law in one in-
stance and one locality, to seek, through the
instrumentality of this House, to evade it in an-
other. That is the question I rose to discuss. If
this claim is urged on the ground taken by my
friend from Pennsylvania, [Mr. McLanahan,] I
will vote for it; if on the other ground, I will vote
against it.
The question now being upon laying the bill
aside to be reported to the House with a recom-
mendation that it do pass;
Mr. DUNCAN demanded tellers; which were
ordered; and Messrs. Sackett and Gaylord were
appointed.
The question was then put, and it was decided
in the nagativa—ayes 52, noes 65.
,, JONES, of Tennessee. I would inquire of
the Chair what becomes of the bill?
The CHAIRMAN. The committee having
negatived the motion that the bill beTeported to
i Vhe 9,ou.se with a ^commendation that it do pass,
; the Chair understands that as equivalent to an
order that it be reported to the House with a lee-
ommendation that it be laid upon the table.
Mr. ALLISON. I move that the committee
do now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose, and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, the Chairman (Mr.
Hall) reported that the Committee of the Whole
House had had under consideration the Private
! Calendar generally, and particularly House bill
(No. 175) "for the relief of Anthony Walton
j. Bayard," and had directed him to report the same
to the House with a recommendation that it do
pass; also House bill (No. 203) "for the relief of
the trustees of the Philadelphia gas-works," and
had directed him to report the same to the House
; with a recommendation that it do not pass,
i Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I move that the
House adjourn.
Mr. MARTIN. I hope the gentleman will
allow us to pass the one bill reported from the
I Committee of the Whole House.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. You cannot do
I it. There is evidently no quorum present,
j Mr. CAMPBELL. I withdraw the motion to
adjourn.
The SPEAKER stated the question to be upon
ordering the following bill to be engrossed and
read a third time* viz:
" House bill No. 175, for the relief of Anthony Walton
Bayard."
Mr. ORR. I move the previous question.
1 Several Members. There is no quorum here.
Mr. ORR. Well, I withdraw the demand.
Mr. FLORENCE. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to,
And the House adjourned until Monday at
twelve o'clock, m.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. COBB gave notice that he will on to-morrow, or some
subsequent day, ask leave to introduce a bill to grant the
right of way and a donation of land to the State of Alabama,
for the purpose of constructing the Wills valley railroad,
, leading from Wills creek, at or near Jamea Hampton's,
! through Wills valley to the State line between the States
i of Alabama and Georgia.
1 Mr. CLARK gave notice that he would on to-morrow,
or some subsequent day, ask leave to introduce and refer
! to the appropriate committee a joint memorial of the Le-
! gislature of the State of Iowa, praying for a grant of lands
to aid in the construction of a railroad from McGregor's
, Landing to a point on the Missouri river, at or near the
mouth of the Big Sioux river, in said State.
| PETITIONS, &c.
! The following petitions and memorial were presented
| under the rule, and referred to the appropriate committees:
I By Mr. DAWSON: The petition of 57 citizens of Venice,
i Washington county, Pennsylvania, praying a grant of one
| hundred and sixty acres of land to actual settlers to be
' located in the Territory of Nebraska.
By Mr. WASHBtJRN: The petition ofR. S. Prescottand
others, of Bangor, Maine, for a law to remedy the evils ex-
perienced from the scarcity of small change.
Aleo, the petition of Joseph B. Hall and others, of Presque
Isle, Maine, for a post route from Presque Isle to No. 11,
fifth range, (Aroostook,) Maine.
Also, the petition of Jam<-s A.Drew, for relief on ac-
count of damages sustained by reason of the alleged illegal
action of a deputy marshal of the United States for the dis-
trict of Wisconsin.
By Mr. SCUDDER: The petition of the owners of the
schooner Uncle Amasa, for allowance ofcodfishery bounty.
Also, the petition of George Lovell and others, of Oste-
welle, Massachusetts, for a reduction of the rates of ocean
postage.
By Mr. MILLER: The petition of Edward T. Noiand,
of Jackson county, Missouri, asking indemnity for losses
sustained at the battle of Sacramento, Mexico, in the year
1847.
By Mr. BABCOCK: The petition ofThomasC. Nye. of
Madison county, New York, praying compensation for
damages sustained by him under a contract for carrying the
mails of the United States.
By Mr. FLORENCE: The memorial of John Allen, an
old soldier in his eighty-first year, praying for relief, as he
is poor and not able to support himself.
