450
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 31 j
IN SENATE.
Movday, January 31, 1853. j
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. C. M. Butler.
Mr. ADAMS. I rise to correct the Journal. I
was interrupted in my attention to the reading of
the Journal, but I do not think that, as I heard it
read, it stated that a motion was made and carried
that we adjourn over from Friday to Monday. I
think that was overlooked in making up the Jour-
nal.
The PRESIDENT. That part of the Journal
will be again read.
It was read as follows:
" On motion by Mr. Mavopm,
" Ordered, That when the Senate adjourns, it be to Mon-
day next.'1
Mr. ADAMS. I asked for the yeas and nays
on that motion, and they were refused. I think
that fact should be entered on the Journal.
The PRESIDENT. It is not usual to enter on
the Journal that the yeas and nays are asked for
unless they are ordered.
PRESENTATION OP CREDENTIALS.
Mr. BORLAND presented the credentials of
the Hon. William K. Sebastian, elected by the
Legislature of Arkansas a Senator from that State,
for the term of six years, commencing on the 4th
of March next; which were read.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of the Navy, ac-
companied by a list of contracts entered into by the
Bureau of Yards and Docks, and an abstract of
offers to furnish articles; which was referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
Also, a letter from the Secretary of War, ac-
companied by seventy-five copies of the Official
Army Register for the year 1853, for the use of
the members of the Senate.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives
Was received by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, announ- ,
cing that it had passed the following bills and joint i
resolution:
An act to supply deficiencies in the appropria-
tions for the service of the fiscal year ending the
30th June, 1853; ,
An act for the relief of Captain Lewis E. Si-
monds;
An act for the relief of Gasper A. M&ltby; I
An act for the relief of Britain Franks, assignee j
of Joseph M. Smith;
An act for the relief of James H. Jenkins;
An act for the relief of John Frink;
An act for the relief of S. Morris Wain;
An act for the relief of Brevet Brigadier Gen-
eral Bennet Riley, and to enable him to settle his
accounts with the United States; and
Joint resolution granting the petition of William
and Matthew Moss.
Also, that it has passed the following bills from
the Senate, with sundry amendments:
An act for the relief of John F. Callan, admin-
istrator of Daniel Renner, deceased.
An act for the relief of Jim Capers.
Also, that it had agreed to the report of the
Committee of Conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the bill "to continue half
pay to certain widows and orphans."
On motion by Mr. HUNTER, the bill from the
House of Representatives, to supply deficiencies
in the appropriations for the service of the fiscal
year ending the 30th of Jane, 1853, was read a
first and second time by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Finance.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. SHIELDS presented the petition of Isaac
Hulse, junior, representing that he was appointed
a second lieutenant in the Army in 1847, and or-
dered to Florida, and praying to be allowed his
traveling expenses; which was referred totheCom-
mittee on Claims.
Also, a petition of citizens of Illinois, praying
that the right of preemption to settlers on the pub-
lic lands may be extended to the period of five i
years; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands. (
Also, a petition of Lieutenant Colonel Ewing '
and other officers of the Army, praying that the
eleventh section of the act of March 3, 1847, ma-
king provision for an additional number of general
officers, and for other purposes, be so amended
as to protect the rights of the suttler; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Also, the petition of John Throne, praying a
donation of eighty acres of land; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. WADE presented the memorial of S. Led-
yard Phelps, a passed midshipman in the Navy,
praying that extra pay may be granted to him and
his associates in the United States Naval Astro-
nomical Expedition to Chili; which was referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. HALE presented the petition of Matilda
Brown, widow of William B. Brown, late a gunner
in the Navy, praying a pension; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. BORLAND presented the following reso-
lutions by the Legislature of Arkansas; which
were referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads:
A resolution in favor of the establishment of a
mail route from Carrollton, Arkansas, to Rock-
bridges, Missouri;
A resolution in favor of the establishment of a
mail route from Dover to Yellville, Arkansas;
A resolution in favor of the establishment of a
mail route from Little Rock to Clinton, Arkansas;
and
A resolution in favor of the establishment of a
mail route from Danville to Felix Grundy Gaines's,
Arkansas.
Also, the following resolutions, passed by the
Legislature of Arkansas; which were ordered to
lie on the table and be printed:
A resolution in favor of the payment of the net
proceeds of the sale of lands within the State, in
accordance with the compact between that State
and the General Government;
A resolution in favor of an appropriation for re-
moving the obstructions to the navigation of the
St. Francis river;
A resolution in favor of a grant of land for the
establishment of institutions for the education of
the deaf, dumb, and blind of that State;
A resolution relative to the selection of school
lands in fractional sections;
A resolution in favor of the extension of the
Champagnolle land district;
A resolution in favor of an appropriation for a
geological survey of the State; and
A resolution in favor of a grant of land to aid
in the construction of a railroad from Van Buren,
in that State, to Springfield, Missouri;
Also, a resolution of the Legislature of Arkan-
sas, in favor of the passage of the homestead bill;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
Also, a memorial of the citizens of Philadelphia,
and others, praying a modification of the bounty
land law; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, presented a petition of
citizens of Dubuque, Iowa, praying that Michael
W. Power, late postmaster at Peru, in that State,
may be released from a judgment recovered by the
United States against him; which was referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. COOPER presented a petition of citizens of
Pennsylvania, praying the establishment by Con-
gress of a railway post route between New York
and Philadelphia; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr.FELCH presented the following resolutions
passed by the Legislature of Michigan; which
were referred to the Committee on Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed:
Resolution in favor of an additional donation of
land to the University of Michigan; and a
Resolution in favor of a grant of land to aid in
the construction of a railroad to the Upper Penin-
sula of Michigan.
Also, a resolution of the Legislature of Michi-
gan in favor of the erection of light-houses at cer-
tain places on Lake Superior and Lake Michigan;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and ordered to be printed.
Also, the petition of Samuel Spalding, praying
to be allowed arrears of pension; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. CASS presented the petition of Barnum
Whipple, praying that the tax paid by seamen
for the support of marine hospitals may be re-
duced; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. CASS. I have been requested to present,
and I do it with agreatdeal of pleasure, additional
petitions asking the interposition of the Govern-
ment to secure to American citizens abroad the
freedom of religious worship; and I embrace this
opportunity to express my hope that the import-
ance of the subject, as well as the manifestations
of public opinion, will engage the attention of the
Committee on Foreign Relations, and that we
shall have a favorable report from that committee
as soon as its other arduous duties will permit. I
move the reference of these petitions to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BRIGHT. I present the memorial of Levi
Johnson, of Cleveland, Ohio, who represents
that by a law passed March 3d, 1837, the Presi-
dent of the United States was authorized to pur-
chase several sites for marine hospitals, and that
among others, one was purchased from him. He
further represents, that owing to the appropriation
being insufficient, ยง3,000 of the amount agreed to
be paid him remain unpaid. I move that the me-
morial be referred to the Committee on Finance,
believing that the rule will not exclude the right to
have a proposition to pay this amount incorpo-
rated into the appropriation bill.
MODE OF COUNTING ELECTORAL VOTES.
Mr. HUNTER offered the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent and
agreed to:
Resolved, That a committee be appointed, to join such
committee as may be appointed by the House of Represent-
atives, to ascertain and report a mode of examining the
votes for President and Vice President of the United States,
and of notifying the persons elected of their election.
On motion by Mr. HUNTER it was
Ordered, That the committee on the part of the Senate be
appointed by the President pro tempore.
And Mr. Hunter, Mr. Bright,and Mr. Pearce
were appointed.
FUGITIVE SLAVE LAW.
Mr. HALE. I have received and been request-
ed to present to the Senate the memorial of the
Pennsylvania Society for Promoting the Aboli-
tion of Slavery and for the relief of free negroes
unlawfully held in bondage, and for improving the
condition of the African race, in which they set
forth various matters in reference to the recent
act of Congress commonly called the fugitive
slave law, and pray that it may be repealed, or
"that such modifications may be made in it as may
be necessary to protect the rights of freemen, by
conforming its operations to the principles of the
Constitution and the theory of our Government.
I do not know of any appropriate committee to
which the memorial should be referred, and I
therefore move that it lie on the table.
Mr. BRIGHT called for the reading of the
memorial, and it was accordingly read. It sets
forth that the Pennsylvania Society was the first
instituted in America for the advocacy of the rights
of the oppressed colored inhabitants of the United
States, dating its foundation as far back as the year
1775, and numbering among its founders and
active supporters several of the most prominent of
the fathers of the Republic. At the First Congress
it appeared as the. advocate of this persecuted
race, and from that period it has frequently been
found pleading with the representatives of the na-
tion in behalf of those who, in the midst of the
joy and prosperity of surrounding freemen, are
groaning in servile subjection. In pursuance of
their purpose they respectfully call the attention
of the Senate and the House of Representatives
to the act of Congress passed in September, 1850,
known as the fugitive slave law, which, not only
by its entire omission to throw any guards around
the rights of the unfortunate class upon whom it
is designed to operate, but also by its open viola-
tion of those fundamental principles which were
deemed by all the framers of the Constitution ne-
cessary to protect the rights of the free-born citi-
zen, is especially calculated to inflict flagrant
wrong upon that oppressed and persecuted class
of inhabitants. By article three, section one, of
the Constitution, it is provided that " the judicial
' power of the United States shall be vested in one
' Supreme Court, and in such inferior courts as
' Congress may from time to time ordain and es-
' tablish. The judges, both of the supreme and
