1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
451
• inferior courts, shall hold their offices during j
• good behavior, and shall, at stated times, receive
' tor their services a compensation which shall not
' bedimimshed during their continuance in office."
Ami uy article live of the amendments thereto, it
is provided that no person shall be '• deprived of
life, liberty, or property, without due process of
law." And yet by the fugitive slave law the ex-
ercise of the highest judicial authority is conferred
upon an irresponsible individual unknown to the
Constitution, the power of deciding upon ex
parte testimony, and without appeal, the right of
any person who may be thrown before him to
that " blessing of liberty," to secure which the
Constitution was ordained and established, is
vested in a subordinate officer of an inferior court,
with a contingent fee for his services in deciding
against the inalienable right of all men. The me-
morialists therefore earnestly request Congress to
take measures for the immediate repeal of that
law, or such modification of it as may be neces-
sary to protect the rights of freemen by conform-
ing its operation to the principles of the common
law and the theory of the Government.
The memorial was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr HALE. I have also received and been re-
quested to present to the Senate the memorial of the
Grand River Quarterly Meeting and Conference
of Free Will Baptists in the State of Michigan, in
•which they say that the law commonly known as
the fugitive slave law contravenes the law of God
and violates the Constitution, in depriving al-
leged fugitives of the benefit of the writ of habeas
corpus, and appoints men to act as judges who are
not constitutionally appointed to perform such du-
ties, and they therefore pray for its immediate
repeal.
The memorial was ordered to lie on the table.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion by Mr. Gwin, it was
Ordered, That Mrs. Read have leave to withdraw her
petiuon and papers.
Mr. BUTLER. I ask leave to withdraw from
the files of the Senate, the papers of the heirs and
legal representatives of the late John Moore, of the
State of South Carolina.
Mr. WALKER. I should like to hear some
explanation of the reason for the proposed with-
drawal.
Mr. BUTLER. I know of no other reason
than that the object is to prepare additional testi-
mony.
Mr. WALKER. While it is with great reluc-
tance that I make any opposition to the withdrawal
of the papers, I feel it my duty to bring the sub-
ject to the notice of the Senate, and to express the
opinion that there should be great caution in per-
mitting these papers to go out of the Senate. I
examined this case very fully when I was chair-
man of the Committee on Revolutionary Claims,
and I found that there was an entire misapprehen-
sion in reference to the matter on the part of the
claimants. Certain indents- were issued by the
State of South Carolina to Mr. Moore; and they
were lost under peculiar circumstances. An attack
was made upon him by the British and the Tories,
who seized a portion of his property, and among
the rest, these indents. After the revolutionary
war was over, Mr. Moore made application to the
proper authority in the State, made proof of the
loss, and had the indents substituted by other
evidence which answered his purpose. That ap-
pears clearly from the papers as certified to from
the proper official sources in South Carolina. But
after the death of Mr. Moore, his heirs came for-
ward, under the impression that these indents'
had been lost, and had never been paid under the
funding system, and considered themselves enti-
tled to be paid for them. The claimants over-
looked entirely the fact that the indents had been
substituted by other evidence of indebtedness on
the part of South Carolina, and they were sub-
scribed by the State to the subscription of South
Carolina to the national debt; and, consequently,
became funded under the funding system adopted,
I believe, in 1795.
I do not say there was any wrong about this
matter. I have not the least Idea that the parties
had anv intention of doing wrong to the Govern-
ment. I think they honestly believe themselves to
be entitled to payment forthe lost papers; but, as I
before remarked, they overlooked the fact that
they had been substituted by other papers on the
part of South Carolina, which became a portion of
the funded debt of this country.
What shape these papers may assume if they get
out, I cannot tell; butl wish this information to go
upon the debates, in order that,if thepapersshould
go out, and be again presented, the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims, when they come to con-
sider the matter, may know whether the papers
have been returned as they were taken out. Un-
doubtedly if they shall be returned in the condi-
tion in which they are taken out, they will show
precisely the state of things which I have stated,
and will show the claim to be based upon an entire
misapprehension. The claimants never lost any-
thing; but the country paid the amount, for it was
received and paid as a subscription to a loan, or
to the funding system as adopted.
Mr. BUTLER. I will say to the honorable
gentleman from Wisconsin, who was chairman of
the Committee on Revolutionary Claims, that I
have not examined these papers; and I make this
application with one guarantee—and it is guarantee
enough for me; the gentleman who asks for them,
Colonel Whaley, is sufficiently known to me to
warrant the belief that he will make no abuse of
them. I know nothing of the papers, but Colonel
Whaley, who is, I supposejattending to theclaim,
asks their withdrawal. His name and character
are sufficient guarantees against any abuse of the
privilege being made.
Mr. WALKER. I will add, in addition to
what the Senator from South Carolina has said,
that in my intercourse with Colonel Whaley, I
have found him to be exactly what the Senator
from South Carolina has said of him—a gentle-
manly person, and one in whom I would place
great confidence.
Mr. BAYARD. I would suggest, that under
the statement of the Senator from Wisconsin, it
would be well in this, perhaps, and in other cases,
before giving leave to withdraw, or at the time of
giving leave to withdraw the papers, that the Sec-
retary of the Senate should be directed to have
copies taken and filed. I therefore move, as an
amendment to the motion, that before delivering
the papers to the claimant or his agent, copies be
I taken, under the direction of the Secretary of the
Senate, and filed among the papers of the Senate,
i Mr. BUTLER. I have no objection to that
being done; but I assure the gentleman it is un-
usual, and, therefore, 1 do not wish to see it en-
forced in this case upon Colonel Whaley. It
would look something like a deviation from the
common rule. If this leave shall be granted, I ■
have no idea that any papers will come back !
here except those withdrawn and those that may j
be in addition to them. I have no idea—and gen-
tlemen may be assured of that, that there will be
any interpolation. There will be no perversion,
and the papers will come back just as they are, ,
unless there be some additional light thrown upon
the subject. Therefore, I would say to my honor-
able friend from Delaware, that as his proposition
is a deviation from the rule, I would not like to see
it prevail.
Mr. BAYARD. I waive my motion. I meant
no reflection on the party in this case, but I
thought it would be a proper precaution in all
cases to guard against the lapse of memory.
Leave was granted to withdraw the papers.
DEATH OF HON. A. H. BUELL.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Forney, its clerk, com-
municating to the Senate intelligence of the death
! of the honorable Alexander H. Buell, a raem-
| ber of the House from the State of New York,
and a copy of its proceedings thereon. The pro-
i ceedings were read.
j Mr. SEWARD. Mr President: Scarcely two
i weeks ago we arrested the debates of the House
| of Representatives by a message announcing the
death of a Senator from Vermont. To-day, when
we have not yet reached the subject assigned for
discussion, the House of Representatives appeals
; to us for condolence in its bereavement of a dele-
gate from New York. So frequent are the mo-
nitions we receive, teaching us, that although we
j are the legislators of a great nation, we are, never-
I theless, also subjects of a King who is not of this
| world, and of whose kingdom there shall be no
end. ....
New York has thirty-four Congressional dis-
I i tricts, according to the constitution of the present
J Congress. The seventeenth of those districts in-
cludes that part of the valley of the Mohawk
river, which, in the revolutionary age, was the
western border, but which is now the middle re-
gion of the State. At an early stage in the war
ot Independence, Herkimer,a plebeian patriot gen-
eral, fell in repelling a British force from that
beautiful valley; and Montgomery, one of higher
connections, gave up his life in the attempt to
scale the Heights of Abraham, which were the
stronghold of the invaders. The Continental Con-
gress decreed a monument to the memory of Her-
kimer, but the decree yet remains unexecuted.
New York first erased from the valley of the Mo-
hawk the political name of Tryon, which it bore
in honor of a British governor, and, dividing the
region into two counties, bestowed the nameof Her-
kimer upon that one within whose limits he had
fallen, and on the other the name of the chivalrous
hero of Quebec. These counties, as they now
are, after many civil changes, constitute the seven-
teenth district, of which the deceased, Alexander
Hamilton Buell, was the Representative. In
the contest of organic principles which attended
the establishment of the Federal Constitution, the
people of that part of New York followed the safe
lead and guidance of Schuyler, Jay, and Hamil-
ton. But when, without a change of party or-
ganization, that contest was followed by a new
one, involving the principles of political action,
that people came generally to the adoption of the
benignant and comprehensive philosophy of Jef-
ferson, and they still adhere to it as it was taught
by himself. Nowhere, not even in that great
statesman's native Commonwealth, are his prin-
ciples more highly cherished, and more firmly
maintained, than in the region which I have
mentioned; and not only there, but throughout the
State of New York. We do, indeed, break into
parties, and undergo changes of combination, as
the American people do everywhere; but it is only
; as religious bodies divide and recombine, each
sect striving to get nearer to the original and com-
mon standard of faith.
New York, so late as the beginning of the present
century had very few considerable institutions of
learning. But it was the good fortune of the de-
i ceased that he was born and reared in Fairfield, in
Herkimer county, where some settlers from Con-
necticut had thus early founded an academy that
has since given many eminent men to the service
of the State.
Mr. Buell'sfatherwasshort-lived,and his son's
patrimony was exhausted in his education. With
a motherand sisters thrown upon him for support,
he engaged in the mercantile profession at home.
Afterwards, as capital and credit increased, he es-
tablished from time to time branches in adjacent
towns and counties. Ultimately, when the gold
coast on the Pacific ocean was opened to Ameri-
can commerce, Mr. Buell, without giving up any
of his domestic footholds of trade, extended his
business into California, and the unpretending
merchant of Fairfield, in New York, had also his
| crowded warehouses in San Francisco.
It is almost needless to say that he was a man
j of probity, of assiduity directed by keen sagacity,
and of energy regulated by exemplary moderation.
Nevertheless, had these been his only marked qual-
ities, he would never have been among us here.
He cultivated all domestic and social and public
virtues, and so he won early and he steadfastly re-
tained the respect and affection of the community
in which he lived. They admired his fortunes,
but they admired still more the man.
" All who deserved esteem he made his own,
And to be lov'd himself but needed to be known."
He reached his high position, however, not in a
day, but through the exercise of care, activity, and
energy for many years. In 1845, he represented
his fellow-citizens in the Legislature of New York,
and in 1850 he was advanced to the honors of a
Representative in the Congress of the United
States. He brought to the discharge of that high
j trust the same faculties and virtues which had dis-
tinguished him in the occupations of private life.
He was prompt, punctual, active, and assiduous;
conscientious in the votes he gave with fidelity to
the principles of his constituents, and yet tolerant
! of the opinions and charitable in his construction
I of the motives of all others. He did not, indeed,
debate. Debate in these Halls either wins a great
influence or utterly wastes the speaker's power.
I He exercised that calmer influence which is felt
