452
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 31,
bv all, and the manner of which is seen by no
Two weeks ago he hastened back from his dis-
tant home by night, through an inclement storm,
to assure his wife of the recovery of a child whom
he had visited there. The disease which was to
become mortal attended him to his chamber. He
died yesterday morning; and although he had at-
tained the ripe age of fifty-one years, yet he died
without having encountered an ebb of fortune or
of public favor. On the contrary, growing pros-
perity and higher honors seemed to be soliciting
liim to live on.
I know, Mr. President, that it is customary on
occasions like this, to speak of the touching scenes
of death, and to offer consolation to the bereaved
survivors—and yet, sir, I cannot do it. These sub-
jects seem to me too sacred to be approached by
one who, like myself, is habitually engaged in the
affairs of life, and not in the contemplation of
death; in the strifes of the world, and not in the
peaceful offices of religion. I will say, therefore,
of the manner of the death of my late colleague,
only this: That it showed that he had acquired
the fortitude which enabled him to pay, as became
a Christian, the debt which, in common with us
all, he owed to nature.
Of condolence with that weeping wife, on whom
the care of his orphaned children is now exclu-
sively devolved, and with that mother who has
leaned on his supporting arm until she had
passed her eightieth year with gladness, ever in-
Creasing with its increasing strength, I could speak
only such words as human reason would suggest.
I know full well that the light which reason throws
into the darkness of souls oppressed by such griefs
as theirs, is only as the borrowed light of the moon
and stars. They know better than I could tell
them how to look further and higher for a purer
and holier illumination.
Mr. President, what belonged to others to do;
all that they could do on this sad occasion, has
been done. The bereaved partner of the deceased
has closed his eyes with her own gentle hands,
and ministering friends, with scarcely less of ten-
derness, have invested his perishingform with such
habiliments as befit the grave. His colleagues from
New York, all of them, from Manhattan Island,
with its towers and temples lost behind the masts
of domestic and foreign commerce, to Niagara,
screening his majesty in primeval forests, have at-
tended that sad mourner and the precious burden
she conveys to the place of departure from the
capital. And this morning before the sun had
risen, accompanied by as many of those colleagues
as could be spared from public service here, the pro-
cession was already on its way to the desolated
mansion of the deceased, where sorrowing kinsmen
and life-long friends will be in waiting to receive
those precious remains and consign them to their
final rest.
The House of Representatives has paid an un-
affected tribute of panegyric to his memory. All
that remains for us to do, all that we can do here,
is to respond to that tribute, as I know we shall do
with the sincerity of sorrow and of sympathy, and
then to show not only our respect for the deceased,
but also our reverence for the great Power who hath
thus suddenly called him away from among us
into the Divine presence, by abstaining for a day
from the cares and the thoughts of this world, and
devoting that brief period to meditations befitting
those who have been thus touchingly admonished
that they are journeying to a world where death
cannot enter, and where, to those who have quali-
fied themselves for a gracious reception there, by
faith and penitence for errors committed here, sor-
row can never come.
I offer the following resolutions:
Resolved, That the Senate mourns the death of the Hon.
Alexander H. Buell, late a member ofthe House ofRep-
Tesentatives from the State of New York, and tenders to his
relatives a sincere sympathy in this afflicting bereavement
Resolved, As a mark of respect for the memory of the de-
ceased, that the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. PISH. Mr. President, I rise to second
the resolutions offered by my colleague, not to add
ft word to the just and faithful tribute which he has
paid to the memory of a true man, but to express
my concurrence in what he has said of the charac-
ter of our deceased associate; to join my voice
■frith his in testimony of departed worth, and in
sympathy with bereaved family friends. •!
My persona!acquaintance with Mr. Buell dates I
only from the period when we met here in the dis-
i charge of the duties of our respective positions;
| but his character had previously been sufficiently
known to prepare me for an appreciation of the
gentle amiability, united with firm purpose and
unbending integrity, which marked his life.
And I shall ever look back with satisfaction to
the intercourse, brief as it has been, which I have
enjoyed with my deceased colleague; and I can
never fail to associate the idea of integrity, of en-
ergy, of firmness, and of gentleness, with the name
of Alexander Hamilton Buell.
Mr. President, I second the resolutions which
have been read.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President, it is an ap-
propriate duty for me to join in seconding the res-
olutions before the Senate, and to pay a merited
tribute to the worth and memory of the deceased.
1 became acquainted with Mr. Buell at the com-
mencement of his Congressional term, and during
the whole time have lived with him in the same
family. Our relations were of an intimate and
most friendly character. The announcement of
death, always startling, conies to me, almost, as
invading the sacred circle of my own household,
and 1 feel that I should perform one of the last
duties the living can pay the dead.
In all the relations of life Mr. Buell acted well
his part. His constituents were fortunate in their
Representative. He was a man of quick percep-
tions, and great promptness and energy in their
execution. Whatever affected the interest or pro-
moted the welfare of those whom he represented,
was sure never to escape his care and attention.
He represented truly the principles and sentiments
of his people, and while always maintaining his
own opinions with great firmness, he was cour-
teous to his opponents, and conceded with frank-
ness to all the same right of opinion which he
claimed and exercised for himself. Though a par-
tisan in Democratic principles, he was no bigot in
practice. He was strongly attached to the indus-
trial clashes, and sought to elevate them without
pulling others down. The maker of his own for-
tune, and a man of active ihdustry, his sympathies
were with those who toil. If his constituents shall
find another who will be equally faithful, able, and
true to their rights, then will they be fortunate in-
deed.
As a husband, father, and son, Mr. Bcell was
a most estimable man. Always kind and affection-
ate, his care was to make his homepleasant, and
those dependent upon him happy. He seemed to
live in and for a devoted and loving wife and his
little children, and all was bright and promising in
the future. He had been to his home for the pur-
pose of bringing and having with him one of his
children, whose health was somewhat impaired.
He returned but two weekssince, with the elements
of that disease in his sy stem which has terminated
so fatally. If unceasing watching at his couch,
and the deep solicitude of an anxious, devoted wife,
soothing all his pains, and administering to all his
I wants, as none but a wife can do, and wholly re-
gardless of self—if all this could have rescued the
deceased from death, he surely would have re-
mained for years of usefulness and honor. How
impressive are the teachings of Providence, and
how inscrutable are His ways ! A mother mourns
a dutiful son, a wife the partner of her bosom, and
orphan children a doting father. Who can tell
the desolation of home and the pangs of an almost
broken heart? This is a circle into which the
kindest friend cannot obtrude; these are griefs
which human sympathy cannot reach. The heart
must be left to its own communings, with a firm
reliance on
" Him who tempers the wind to the shorn lamb."
His remains were taken this morning from his
lodgings in this city, followed by his widowed,
mourning, and stricken wife and orphan children,
accompanied by the delegation of his State and
other friends to the depot. They are now on
their way to New York in charge of theSergeant-
at-Arms of the House, and a committee selected
for that purpose, there to be met and mourned by
those who knew him best, and there to repose his
ashes in the soil of his native State; a State which
honored him, and to which he was an honor. He
was a dutiful son, a devoted husband, an affec-
tionate father, an honest and a good man. What
more ennobling can be said of the living or the
dead ?
The resolutions were unanimously agreed to;
and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, January 31, 1853.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
! by the Rev. C. M. Butler.
The Journal of Saturday was read.
CORRECTION OF THE JOURNAL.
Mr. STANLY. I rise to a correction of the
Journal. The Journal refers to a point of order
made by me with reference to the existence of
the select committees of last session. I ask that
the resolution recommitting to the standing and
i select committees the matters unreported upon last
session, to which the Speaker referred in his de-
[ cision, may be spread upon the Journal. I sup-
pose there will be no difficulty in doing it, and it
presents the whole point.
The SPEAKER. It is competent for the House
to order it to be done.
Mr. STANLY. Then I move to amend the
Journal by inserting that resolution, under which
I maintained the committees were still in existence.
It is but four or five lines.
The SPEAKER. The Journal, the gentleman
will observe, refers very specifically to that resolu-
tion.
Mr. STANLY. Well, I want the resolution
itself there, so as to make it still more specific.
The question was then taken on Mr. Stanly's
motion, and it was agreed to.
BAIL IN CIVIL CASES.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I now ask the
unanimous consent of the House to take from the
Speaker's table Senate bill No. 582, 1 think it is,
concerning bail in civil cases in the District of
Columbia, not for the purpose of putting it upon
its passage, but that it may be made the special
order for to-morrow at one o'clock. This is a
case of peculiar hardship, and I hope there will be
no objection to my motion.
Mr. SWEETSER. I object.
Mr. JONES. I move to suspend the rules, to
enable me to submit the motion.
Mr. SWEETSER. I objected because I desire
that the bill shall be referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
[Cries of " Order!"]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman must re-
member that discussion is not in order. The bill
has not yet been taken up. The motion is to sus-
pend the rules for that purpose.
Mr. SWEETSER. On that motion 1 call for
the yeas and nays.
i The yeas and nays were not ordered.
I The question was then taken on Mr. Jones's
motion, and (two thirds voting in the affirmative^
the motion was agreed to, and the rules were sus-
pended.
The bilf was then taken from the Speaker's ta-
ble, and read a first and second time by its titler
" An act eoncemingbail in civil cases in the District of
Columbia."
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I now move that
the bill be made the special order of the day for
to-morrow at one o'clock, and upon that motion, I
demand the previous question.
Mr. SWEETSER. Is it in order to move U>
refer the bill ?
The SPEAKER. It is not in order until the
demand for the previous question has been dis-
] posed of.
Mr. HALL. Is it in order to move to put the
bill upon its passage ?
Mr. STANLY. I hope the gentleman from
^Tennessee will let it be put upon its passage.
The SPEAKER. If the motion to make the
bill the special order is voted down, the question
i will be upon the engrossment of the bill.
Mr. CARTTER. I move that the bill be put
, upon its passage.
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentleman
from Tennessee is to make the bill the Special order
; for to-morrow; and upon that he has demanded
| the previous question.
Mr. JONES. I will state to gentlemen the
reason why I do not move to put the bill upon its
passage now. There is another business to come
before the House this morning, and if we should
attempt to put the bill upon its passage, and seri-
ous opposition should be made to it, and the yeas
and nays called 4 we might get into a scene here
that would not be very pleasant immediately pre-
ceding the business that is "to follow. I hope,
