1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
453
therefore, that the friends of the bill will permit it 1
to jo over, and be made the special order for to- ,
morrow.
The question was then taken on Mr. Jones's
motion, and it was agreed to, and the bill was
made the special order of the day for to-morrow.
Mr. JONES. I move to reconsider the vote
last taken, and to lay the motion to reconsider
upon the table.
The question was pat upon the latter motion,
and it was agreed to.
OBITUARY.
Mr. JENKINS. Mr. Speaker, no response to
the name of Alexander H. Bcell will again be
heard from him in this Hall! If he be called he
will not answer, for he has gathered his mantle
around him and laid him down to rest.
Representing adjacent districts as we did, sitting
at the same table as messmates here, and enter-
taining opinions in many respects quite similar, it
was natural that feelings of attachment should
grow up—friendship, which we like to lean upon,
and which gradually become a part of our own
existence. When these ties are sundered by death,
the life and character of the departed voluntarily
rise up as never-perishing memorials before us.
Mr. Bcell was born on the 15th day of July,
1801, in the town of Fairfield, county of Herki-
mer, and State of New York. Deprived, by death,
of his father at a tender age, maternal care and
affection superintended his moral and intellectual
training until the age of fifteen, when he was with-
drawn from the academic school, in his native
village, and placed as a clerk in the store of a rep-
utable merchant of that town. Here his extraor-
dinary capacity for trade soon disclosed itself,
and when he attained his majority his discreet
employer found it for his own advantage to re-
ceive him as his partner. This was the place in
which the father of Mr. Bcell, in his lifetime, had
pursued the same business; and the enterprising
son, with no other capital of his own to commence
with than his good name, began the occupation '!
of his choice as principal dealer, and pursued it
with unsurpassed assiduity and vigor. This em-
ployment he continued to carry on at his native
place, and made it the chief business of his life. :
In 1S45, Mr. Bcell was honored with a seat in
the Legislature of his native State, an3 in the
autumn of 1350, the electors of the Seventeenth
Coneressional district, composed of the counties
of Herkimer and Montgomery, made choice of
him as their Representative in Congress. He took
his seat, conscious of the rectitude with which
he should perform his legislative duties, and with
a determination that no efforts on his part should
be wanted to carry out his long-cherished opin-
ions of political rights and public policy. He
placed a high value upon the acquaintances which
he made at the capital of the nation, and the
amenity of his department recommended him to
the favorable consideration and respectful regard
of all who knew him.
About three weeks ago, Mr. Bcell was called
home by the ill health of one of his children. On
his return here, a fortnight since, he found himself
overcome by fatigue, and somewhat afflicted by
disease. At first, medical aid seemed to promise
a speedy cure; but disorder succeeded disorder,
holding on with such tenacity, that no skill of his
physicians could arrest the malady. I will not
undertake, Mr. Speaker, to describe the dreary
passage which leads from the abode of health to
the tomb. Eminent medical ability, the assiduous
care of friends, the unremitted and most anxious
attention and heroic devotion of his accomplished i
and affectionate wife, were unable to save life; and
on Saturday night last, at twenty minutes past
three o'clock, our colleague, with Christian resig- J
nation, and in the consoling hope of a higher and j
happier state of existence, closed his eyes upon j
the scenes of this world.
As a man of business, Mr. Bcell had but few i
equals Possessing the rare combination ofprompt-
itude and prudence, the advantages of a profitable
investment were seldom overlooked, whilst he
carefully avoided the temptations of fruitless spec-
ulation. Whatever he undertook prospered under !
his management. From poverty he arose to wealth !
and affluence. The poor received his attention,
science shared his bounty, relatives his affection j
and his aid, friends his hospitality, religion his
countenance and support. i
In the halls of legislation he was not ambitious
to be heard, but he was ambitious to understand
and perform his whole duty. The record of his
votes, Mr. Speaker, in the State to which he
belonged and of this House, bear witness to the
fidelity and ability with which he carried out the
important trusts reposed in him. He represented
a liberal, a virtuous, an intelligent constituency,
and the record of his whole life designates him as
a fit representative of that constituency. Such
men are exemplars for the rising generation, and
fill up an unobtrusive but instructive page in the
history of our country.
But he has gone. An aged and deeply-afflicted
parent, a wife disconsolate, children not yet old
enough to realize their loss—filling up a range of
years from infancy to eighty—are deprived of
their main staff, standing in the relationship of
son, husband, and father. Tears must be shed;
anguish endured; but as we look with fond de-
light through the intervening shower, to some dis-
tant spot, lighted by sunshine, so may the afflicted
see through, and beyond this vale of tears, the
fairer land, illumined and consecrated to a higher
and happier state of being.
Mr. Speaker, I offer the following resolutions:
Resolved, That this House has received with deep sensi-
bility the announcement of the death of the Hon. Alexan-
der H. Btell, a member of this House fiom the State of
New York.
Resolved, That this House tenders to the family of the
deceased the expression of its sympathy on this afflicting
event, and as a testimony of respect for his memory, will
wear the usual badge of morning for thirty days.
Resolved, That the Clerk of this House be directed to
communicate a copy of these proceedings to the family of
the deceased, and also to the Senate.
Reiolvcd, That as a further testimony of respect for the
deceased, this House do now adjourn.
Mr. IYES. Mr. Speaker, Death has once
more invaded our ranks, and taken from us one
with whom we have met from day to day in this
Hall—one who has faithfully and diligently at-
tended to the discharge of the duties of the im-
portant station which he has so ably filled. By
amenity of manners and kindness of disposition,
Mr. Bcell was endeared to a large circle of friends,
to whom he was ardently devoted. By habits of
untiring industry, punctuality and promptness in
business transactions, he won the confidence of all
with whom he had dealings, and secured a com-
petence for himself and family, in which relatives
and friends shared liberally. The village in which
he long resided bears unmistakable marks of his
public spirit and benevolence.
This is a suitable occasion for calm considera-
tion. A time when we may profitably reflect upon
the sad scenes so often occurring in the Chamber,
when the grim messenger, with unrelenting grasp,
seizes its victims, and tears them from all their
endearingassociations, causing thedeepest anguish
to take hold of surrounding friends. Could the
strong ties of friendship bear one aloof from the
death struggle, then had not we at this time had
these solemn rites to perform. Could affection,
strong and abiding, have sustained any one, then
would not the subject of these resolutions have
been thus suddenly numbered with the dead. We
may shed the tear of sympathy with those most
sorely afflicted by this unexpected bereavement;
we may and ought to condole with the family of
the deceased, and manifest our anxious desire to
assuage the bitterness of their grief, by suitable
words and appropriate action, as individuals and
as a legislative body; but at the same time feel
that we come far short of touching the secret
moving spring that stamps upon their minds that
feeling of desolation which no language can ex-
press.
i While reflecting upon the departure of one of
our number, the thought is brought home to each
, of us, that death draws near, and in a short time
[ will overtake us. Soon we must encounter the
King of Terrors, and fall into his cold embrace.
How appropriate on this occasion to consider that
■ it is appointed to man once to die. But what is it we
! call death, and usually so much dread? Is it to
cease to exist altogether, or merely to change the
mode of being? Those favored with the precious 1
Bible cannot consider it as the end of being, but i
the separation of the mental existence from the
physical; the loosening the ties that bind the soul
to the body; the separation of the immaterial from
the material—the immortal from the mortal; the
conscious existence of the living vital principle,
apart from the flesh and bones that now encase it. i
This mysterious tie that binds together our com-
plex nature, though little understood, <s neverthe-
less subject to be broken. The evidences of the
fact cluster thick around, and stand out promi-
nently on either side, To these we cannot, if we
would, shut our eyes. Hence arises the natural
suggestion to forecast and prepare for an event so
important, and at the same time so certain. To
loose our hold of every earthly object, and launch
into a world untried and unknown, is fraught with
consequences of the highest moment that can en-
gage the attention of the human mind. May He
to whom the future, the present, and the past are
alike known—who hath given and perpetuated our
being—kindly aid us to walk in wisdom's paths,
that we may quietly and peacefully resign our
breath into His hands when the summons shall
arrive.
Mr. IVES then offered the following resolution:
Whereas the family of Mr. Buell having determined to
proceed to-day to New York, with his remains for inter-
lnent, and the Speaker of this House havi ng designated a
committee to accompany them :
Resolteil, That the Clerk of this House be directed to pay,
out of the contingent fund of this House, and place at the
disposal of said committee for tile funeral expenses of the
Hon. Alexanbek H. Bdell, a sum equal to that usually
expended in such cases, to be ascertained and drawn for
by the committee.
By general consent the question was first taken
upon Mr. Ives's resolution, and it was adopted.
Mr. Jenkins's resolutions were then unani-
mously adopted, and
The House thereupon adjourned until to-mor-
row, at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, February 1, 1853-
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. C. M. Butler.
The PRESIDENT pro Urn. laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from the Acting Secretary of
the Treasury, in answer to a resolution of the Sen-
ate for information as to quantity and kind of coal
contracted for by .that Department or its agents;
which was referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. SEWARD presented resolutions of the
Legislature of New York in favor of intercession
in behalf of Francisco and Rosa Madiai; which
were referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions, and ordered to be printed.
Also, a petition of the Niagara Falls and Lake
Ontaria Railroad Company, praying the right of
way through the military reservation at Fort Ni-
agara; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Also, two petitions of residents of New York,
praying that measures may be taken to secure to
American citizens abroad the rights of conscience
and of public worship; which were referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
Also, two petitions of citizens of New York,
praying an extension of Uri Emmons's patent for
a planing machine; which were referred to the
Committee on Patents and the Patent Office.
Also, a petition of citizens of Joe Daviess coun-
ty, Illinois, praying that the law for the delivery
of fugitives from service or labor may be speedily
repealed; which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. SEWARD. I submit the petition of Dan-
iel Drew, Robert W. Kelly, and Isaac Newton, of
the State of New York, very extensive proprietors
of steamboats, in which they urge that the law
passed at the last session for the regulation of
steamboats is oppressive, and an act of improper
legislation, for various reasons which they assign;
I shall not detain the Senate with stating them at
length. Their reasons are briefly these: First,
they think there was no sufficient occasion for the
passage of an act on that subject; second, the de-
tails of that act are, as they think, an entire de-
parture from the principles which have regulated
Congress and State Legislatures in acting upon
such subjects heretofore; third, the law is partial
and unjust; and fourth, the act will defeat itself,
and will not accomplish the objects which it has
in view. These petitioners do not ask for the
repeal of the act, but they ask, for reasons which
they assign, that it may be suspended for nine
months, until the regulations which are to be
adopted in pursuance of its provisions shall have
been determined, and notice given so that the
