454
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1,
paiues to he affected may understand them. The
subject is one of exceeding interest, and I am sure
that it will give pleasure to the Committee on
Commerce to consider these objections. I move
that the petition be referred to that committee.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SEWARD. I present the petition of John
Dougherty, of the State of Pennsylvania, in which
he proposes the construction of a railroad from
the Atlantic to the Pacific States, upon principles
which have not been developed here. The main
one is, that the funds for the construction of the
railroad shall be provided for by certificates of
deposit issued by Congress, to be made a circu-
lating medium and a lawful tender, and to be ab-
sorbed by the profits of the road when completed.
He also thinks this railroad between these two
important regions should be made on a scale com-
mensurate with its objects, and that, therefore, it
should have eight raiis instead of four, and that
each car should have double the usual number of
wheels. There is much ingenuity, and so far as
I can see, some considerable invention in the sug-
gestions which he makes. As the subject is un-
der consideration, I ask that the petition may lie
on the table.
The petition was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. HAMLIN presented a petition of G. W.
Pickering and others, presidents and cashiers of
banks in Maine, praying a reduction of the stand-
ard value of silver coin as a remedy for the scar-
city of silver change; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Also, the petition of Gustavus G. Cushman, and
the petition of the heirs of Thomas Bartlett, two of
the civil posse called out by the Government of the
State of Maine, during the disturbances on the
northeastern boundary in 1839, praying indemnity
for sufferings in consequence of their capture and
imprisonment; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs. {
Mr. BRODHEAD presented the memorial of |
Henry Bohlen and others, importing merchants of
Philadelphia, praying that the Secretary of the
Treasury may be directed to refund any excess of
duty that has been or may hereafter be illegally
exacted; which was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, presented a resolution
of the Legislature of Iowa, in favor of the estab-
lishment of an additional land office in the northern
part of Iowa; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. RUSK presented the petition of Joel Haw-
kins, a Cherokee Indian, praying to be allowed
the benefit of the acts of the 28th September, 1850,
and the 27th February, 1851; which was referred
to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. CHASE presented a petition of citizens of
the United States, praying that the homestead bill
may become a law; which was ordered to lie on
the table.
Mr. SHIELDS presented the petition of Robert
Cain, praying that his pension may commence
from the date of his discharge; which was referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
WAREHOUSING SYSTEM.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope I am not asking too
much of the Senate when I ask them to take up
this morning, during the morning hour, the bill" to i
extend the warehousing system, by establishing I
private bonded warehouses, and for other pur-
poses." I think it can be acted on and disposed of I
during the morning hour; but if it gives rise to
discussion, 1 shall be willing to lay it aside when
the special order comes up at one o'clock. I hope
the Senate will indulge me in this request. I have
put the bill off from day to day, to suit the con-
venience of members. I assure the Senate that it
is a matter in which the commercial community !
take a deep interest. 1 am daily receiving letters
in reference to it. A fire lately occurred, or was '
near occurring, which threatened one of the pub-
lic warehouses on which there was no insurance
This produced a movement among the commercial
community in regard to this matter, which makes
it important that we should act on it one wav or
other. I hope the Senate will take it up.
Mr. BELL. I wish to suggest to the honor-
able Senator from Virginia, that the Senator from
Massachusetts [Mr. Davis] takes a Considerable
interest in this matter. From remarks made by
him, and by the Senator from Virginia, the other-
day, I supposed that there was some understand-
ing between them that this bill should be taken
up at an early day; and I believe that honor-
able Senator has a desire to be present when the
bill shall be taken up for discussion or action. I
would suggest to the honorable Senator from Vir-
ginia, that in the absence of the Senator from
Massachusetts, it would be better to lay the bill
over until to-morrow morning. I presume the
absence of the Senator from Massachusetts is
entirely accidental. This bill relates to a subject
with which I do not profess to be acquainted, and
I do not expect to participate in the discussion of
it. I shall be guided altogether in my course in
relation to it by what I shall find evolved in the
discussion by other gentlemen; but 1 think the
Senator from Massachusetts having manifested
this desire, the bill should be postponed, at least
for one morning, so as to give him an opportunity
to be present.
| Mr. HUNTER. If the Senator from Massa-
chusetts desires to be present, of course I shall not
press the motion; but it has been postponed two
or three times for him, and I had supposed that he
did not care to be present.
Mr. MILLER. I would state to the-Senator
from Virginia, that I know the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts desires to be present.
Mr. HUNTER. Then I will not press my
motion.
DANIEL RENNER.
The Senate proceeded to consider the bill for the
' relief of John F. Callan, administrator of Dan-
iel Renner, deceasedwhich had been returned !
from the House of Representatives with an amend-
ment.
Mr. ADAMS. The amendment of the House
is merely a verbal one, striking out the name of
the administrator and inserting the widow, and I
move that the Senate concur in it.
The amendment was concurred in.
JIM CAPERS.
The Senate proceeded to consider the bill "for
the relief of Jim Capers," which had been re-
turned from the House of Representatives with ■
an amendment. 1
Mr. ADAMS. The amendment is to insert a
pension of eight dollars per month, in lieu of the
allowance of nine dollars per month by the ori-
ginal bill. I move that the Senate concur in that
amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. SHIELDS, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to which the subject was re-
ferred, reported a joint resolution in relation to
bridges across the Potomac river; which was read
and passed to the second reading.
Mr. GEYER, from the Committee on Pensions,
to which was referred the bill from the House of
Representatives for the relief of Mary Bawry, !
reported it without amendment. |
He also, from the same committee, to which j
was referred the petition of Thomas Foster and !
others, submitted a report, accompanied by a bill j
supplementary to an act approved 7th July, 1838, j
entitled " An act granting half pay and pensions to i
certain widows;" which was read and passed to a
second reading. The report was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, from the Committee on
Pensions, to which was referred the petition of
Burnett W. Dole, son and heir-at-law of Enoch
Dole, a surgeon in the revolutionary war, praying
commutation pay , asked to be discharged from the
further consideration thereof, and that it be referred
to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims; which
was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the petition of James Corrigan, a
soldier in the late war with Mexico, praying an
increase of pension, submitted an adverse report ,
thereon; which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to which
were referred the petition and accompanying pa-
pers of Hugh W. Dobbin, of Geneva,New York,
praying a pension for military services, submitted
an adverse report thereon; which was ordered to
be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to which
the following bills from the House of Representa- j
tives were referred, reported them back without '
amendment: 1
An act fortherelief of William Lynch, a soldier
in the late war with Great Britain; and
An act for the relief of Aaron Stafford.
Mr. WELLER, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to which were referred the following peti-
tions, submitted adverse reports thereon; which
were ordered to be printed:
Petition of Jabez Rogers, praying a pension for
services in the late war with Great Britain, in 1812.
Petition of Louisa E. Merrill, widow of Captain
M. E. Merrill, praying a renewal of her pension.
Petition of Abner Hancock, of Pennsylvania,
praying an extension of his pension for services
and a wound received in the war of 1812.
Petition of John H. Scruggs, praying a pensiou
in consideration of his services during the Florida
war in 1812.
Petition of Roger Pinckney and Susannah
!• Hayne Pinckney, heirs-at-law of Richard Shu-
brick, praying compensation for the services of
said Shubrick during the revolutionary war.
Petition of Henry Allen,, praying to be allowed
arrears of pension.
COMMITTEE ON PRIVATE LAUD CLAIMS.
On motion by Mr. DOWNS, it was
Ordered, That the President pro tern. appoi nt a member tn 
fill the vacancy in the Committee oil Private Land Claims,
occasioned by tile expiration of the term nf senrice of Mr.
Cathcart.
Mr. Pettit was appointed.
ZADOCK C. INGRAM.
| Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, by unanimous consent,
j asked and obtained leave to bring in a bill for the
relief of Zadock C. Ingram; which was read a first
: and second time by its title, and, with the accom-
I panying papers, referred to the Committee on the
J Post Office and Post Roads.
! GENERAL HERKIMER.
Mr. SEWARD, by unanimous consent, asked
and obtained leave to bring in a joint resolution in
honor of Brigadier General Nicholas Herkimer;
which was read a first and second time by its title,
! and referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
WILLIAM AND MATTHEW MOSS.
Mr. RUSK. The Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads, to which was referred the joint
resolution from the House granting the petition
of William and Matthew Moss, have had the same
under consideration and have instructed me to
report it back, and recommend its passage. It is
precisely similar in its terms to a bill that has
been passed by the Senate, and been sent to the
Hotf&e, where it cannot be reached. The passage
of this joint resolution will supersede the necessity
of the House acting upon that bill. I move that
it be considered now.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the joint resolution. It proposes to direct the
Postmaster General to adjust and settle the ac-
counts of William and Matthew Moss, contractors
forcarryingthe mail on route No. 5,991,atthe rate
of $1,500 per annum,from July 1,1850, in the same
manner as if that sum had been the consideration
stipulated in the contract, instead of the sum of
$700, for which their bid was erroneously made
and the contract executed.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to be read a third
time, read a third time, and passed.
MOSES OLMSTEAD.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, from the Committee on
Pensions, to whieh were referred the petition and
documents in relation to the claim of Moses Olm-
stead, reported a bill for his relief; which was read
a first time, and ordered to a second reading. The
report was ordered to be printed.
The bill was read a second time by unanimous
consent; and on motion by Mr. Wade, the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to its
consideration. It proposes to direct theSecretary
of the Interior to place the name of Moses Olm-
stead upon the list of invalid pensioners, and to
cause to be paid to him during his natural life, the
sum of eight dollars per month; the pension to
commence on the 20th day of January, 1853.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. DAWSON. I beg to be permitted to add
a section to that bill, and I ask the attention of the
Senate to it, and particularly that of the Senator
from Ohio. It is:
