1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
455
That the Secretary of the Interior bp authorized and re- |
quired 10 place Ihename of Mrs. Elizabeth Craig, widow of
t:ie ;ale Lieutenant Colonel I.ewis Crai*;, of tile United
Slates \nu>. w ho was killed in California about the first day
oT .1 uiie, ISV.on the pension ro'l, at the rate of one halfthe
pay lier hn>haud was receiving at the time ft! his dentil;
this allowance to commence trom the said tirstdav of Julie,
WiO. rfn*i io continue during her widowhood ; and should
she nl.irrv attain, or die wlule her daughter, now living,
shall tx' a minor, the same allowance shall be made to said
daughter during her minority.
The Committee on Military Affairs have con-
sidered this mailer, anil they think the proposition
is a just and proper one. It will be recollected
that Lieutenant Colonel Craig was killed in Cali-
fornia, in June lust, by some deserters in the
wilderness; and he left a family who are entitled
to be pl.ired on the pension roll on the same prin-
ciple as the widow of Major Dade, Captain Gard-
ner, and others. 1 trust ihere will be no objection
to the amendment, for I can assure the Senator
from Ohio that it is for the relief of a most worthy
person, and that if it is made to this bill it will
insure its passage through the House of Repre-
sentatives.
The amendment was agreed to, and the bill as
amended was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, and was read a third time and passed.
The title was then amended so as to read, " A
bill for the relief of Moses Olmstead and Mrs.
Elizabeth Craig."
LIMITATION OF CRIMINAL ACTIONS.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. 1 ask the unanimous
consent of the Senate to submit a resolution and
to introduce a bill, which I desire to have referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary. The act of
April 30, 1790, relating to the punishment of cer-
tain crimes against the United States, limits the
finding of an indictment and the prosecution of
offenders, in all cases of capital offenses, except ■
murder and forgery, to three years, and then there
is a limitation of two years put upon larceny
and other offenses not capital. I am told by the
officers of the Government, that under the provi- .
sions of that act, a large portion of the offenders I
escape. I wish to submit to the Judiciary Com- I
mittee a bill to repeal the thirty-second section of
that act, and a resolution of inquiry, which I hope
it will also take into consideration; and if it rejects
the bill, that it will seriously consider whether the
thirty-second section of the act does nut deserve
some modification. I hope that the resolution, as
it is one of inquiry, will be acted upon now, and
that the bill may also be received and referred.
The bill was read a first and second time by its
title, as follows, and referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary:
" A bill to repeal the thirty-second section of the act ap-
proved the 30th of April, 1790, entitled ' An act for the pun-
ishment of certain crimes against the United States.'"
The resolution is as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of repealing the
thirty second section of the " Act for the punishment of cer-
tain crimes against the United States," approved April 30,
1790, se far as the same prescribes a limitation ofthree years
within which indictment for capital offenses other than
murder and forgery, shall be found by a grand jury, and pros-
ecuted, and a limitation of two years within which an in-
dictment or information for offenses not capital, are to be
found and prosecuted.
The resolution was adopted.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives
was received, by Mr. Forney, its Clerk,announ-
cing that it had passed the bill from the Senate
concerning bail in civil causes in the District of
Columbia; and an act for the relief of Barbara
Reilly.
The Clerk also announced that he was desired
to request the Senate to furnish the House of Rep-
resentatives with a certified copy of the bill entitled
"An act directing a survey and estimate of the
' cost of constructing a canal basin at the terminus
'of the Chesapeake and Ohio canal, in George-
' town," the said bill having been mislaid since it
wag received from the Senate.
LIST OF DEAF MUTES.
Mr. MILLER. I beg leave to present.the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of tile Interior have pre-
pared by the Superintendent of the Census a list of the deaf
mute? in the United States, and that five hundred copies
thereof be printed for the use of the Senate, and five copies
for each institution of the deaf and dumb in the United
States.
I ask the unanimous consent of thp Senate to
consider the resolution at this time. I will merely j:
state, that the institutions for the education of the
deaf and dumb, in the United States, have long
been desirous of obtaining a correct list of this
unfortunate class throughout the country. The
census contains that list, and it will be of great
advantage to those institutions to have it. The
object is to seek out those persons, in order to give ,
them proper instruction.
The PRESIDENT. It requires unanimous
consent to consider the resolution at this time.
Mr. BAYARD. I object.
The PRESIDENT. Then the resolution goes
over until to-morrow.
HEIRS OF BERNARD TODD.
Mr. PRATT. The Committee on Claims, to ,j
which was referred the bill from the House of i
Representatives for the relief of the legal repre-
sematives of Bernard Todd, deceased, have in- 1
structed me to report it back, and recommend its
passage. I ask as a favor of the Senate that they
will take up the bill and pass it at this time. It
can lead to no discussion; and for the purpose of
saving the time of the Senate, I will state in a few
words the facts of the case. It appears from the
testimony that the ancestor of these parties was
the owner of a tract of land at North Point, near
the city of Baltimore, and that when the city of
Baltimore was threatened by the British fleet in
1814, his property, consisting of a house and farm,
was occupied by the American troops. On the
11th of September, the day before the battle, his
house was occupied by the troops, and from it the
enemy was fought the next day, on its approach
to the city. The guard who occupied the house
were driven from it by the British army, and the
j house was fired and destroyed by the enemy. The
facts in this case bring it explicitly within the pro-
visions of the acts of 1817,1818, and 1825; but the
petitioners show that in consequence of the death
of their ancestor, and in consequence of the pa-
pers having been mislaid by the agent or attorney i
i employed by them, they were unable to get their j
|| case before the Auditor, where it would have been i
lj paid, if it had been presented. I hope the Senate j
will agree to act on the bill now. Favorable re- I
i ports have repeatedly been made upon it by com-
1 mittees of this body, and the other House; and it
, has now passed the House, and I hope the Senate
;' will concur in rendering this long-delayed justice
; by passing the bill at this time.
The Senate proceeded to consider the bill as in
Committee of the Whole. It proposes to direct
the Secretary of the Treasury to pay to the legal
representatives of Bernard Todd, late of Baltimore
county, Maryland, $4,315, being the appraised
value of the buildings owned by Todd, which were
J burnt by the British forces in September, 1814, in
consequence of their being used and occupied by
troops in the service of the United States for mili-
tary purposes.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a
third time, and passed.
GENERAL RILEY—CALIFORNIA CIVIL FUND.
The bill from the House of Representatives for
the relief of Brevet Brigadier General Bennet
Riley, and to enable him to settle his accounts
with the United States, was read a first and second
time by unanimous consent.
Mr. GWIN. I move that the bill be referred
to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. SHIELDS. I hope it will now be put
upon its passage.
Mr. GWIN. I am as anxious as anybody
that General Riley's accounts should be settled,
but I am not willing to see the rights of California
overlooked, as they are entirely in this bill. If
. the bill comes up for consideration now, we will
certainly have a discussion upon it, and one of
considerable importance. The Senate passed a
bill unanimously at the last session embracing the
provisions of this bill, and also making an appro-
priation to the State of California, which has been
excluded in the one passed by the House. This
bill requires that the civil fund, which of right
belongs to the State of California, shall be paid into
the Treasury of the United States. I mustbe heard
on that question before the bill can pass the Sen-
ate. I ask for the yeas and nays on the motion,
in order that 1 may see who are and who are not
! in favor of referring the bill to the Committee on
i Finance.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I would like to inquire of
the Senator from Illinois whether I understood
him correctly as moving a reference of this bill to
the Committee on Military Affairs?
Mr. SHIELDS. No, sir. I want the bill
passed without any reference, and 1 ask for its
reading, so that the Senate may have the matter
before them.
Mr. GWIN. This is a long bill, and it refers
to an important subject. Twelve or fifteen hun-
dred thousand dollars were collected by Generals
Mason and Riley while they were Acting Gov-
ernors of California, and constitute what is called
the civil fund. The question of the right direction
of that fund is one of very great importance. It
has been discussed for days in committee and in
the Senate, and we came to deliberate action upon
it two years ago, and passed a bill on the subject,
and also during the last session, both reported by
the Finance Committee. From that bill, those
features of it in relation to the settlement of Gen-
eral Riley's accounts have been extracted, but the
remainder of the bill, giving California $300,000 of
that fund, has been left out by the lower House.
My object is to move as an amendment to this
bill, the one which was matured by the Commit-
tee on Finance, passed by the Senate, and sent
down to the House of Representatives during the
last session.
Mr. CASS. Do I understand the Senator from
California to have no objection to the principle of
this bill ?
Mr. GWIN. None at all.
Mr. CASS. The only objection is, that a gen-
eral measure is not attached to it.
Mr. GWIN. That is all.
,! Mr. CASS. If that is all, I do not think Gen-
jl eral Riley's bill, under the peculiar circumstances
\ in which he has been placed, should be overlooked,
because it does not go far enough. 1 am in favor
of a general measure, but if this bill is right, why
stop it for the sake of putting on something else ?
Mr. GWIN. 1 think the other measure to
which I have referred is more right, or at least as
right as this. Therefore there are two rights in-
volved, and I want one attended to as ■well as the
other. If this bill comes up for discussion to-day,
I shall move as an amendment to it a bill which
i has already been passed by the Senate; but I hope
it will be referred to the Committee on Finance,
and on that motion I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HAMLIN. Owing to the peculiar circum-
stances of the case, I shall vote against referring
the bill, and for the bill itself; and I shall vote
against placing upon it the amendment which has
been suggested by the Senator from California,
without knowing whether or not that may not be
quite as meritorious as this. But there are cir-
; cumstances connected with this case which, in
j my opinion, demand that the bill should be passed
without incumbering it with other subjects, as the
Senator from Michigan has suggested. If there
be so much merit in that other proposition as the
Senator seems to suppose, I doubt not that it will
pass by itself.
Mr. SEWARD. I hope the honorable Senator
1! from California will excuse me for appealing to
j him to withdraw his motion. I am very certain
that the Senate will not be willing to embarrass
the bill for the relief of General Riley even by the
adoption of that measure to which he has referred,
and in which I believe all of us, or nearly all, con-
curred. The Senator from California, therefore,
puts us in a false position by his proposition.
Mr. GWIN. The Finance Committee, after a
thorough examination of this question, two years
: ago, reported a bill to the Senate, which passed
i this body, and again last winter, and is now lying
on the Speaker's table in the other House, if it
has not been referred to a committee. Now, I
should like to know how it would embarrass this
bill by substituting for it the bill to which I refer
, i that passed this body without opposition r
1 Mr. HAMLIN. I will answer the question.
The Senator presents the fact that that bill went
to the House, and they have stricken out all of it
except this portion.
; Mr. GWIN. No, sir.
! Mr. HAMLIN. So I understand; and as I read
the reported proceedings of the House, they have
stricken out that portion of the bill to which the
Senator from California refers, and retained this
1 feature of it. Now, if we again put it in, the bill
