1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
457
no objection. Therefore its reference, if itshould |
result in bunging back to the Senate the proposed j
amendment of the Senator from California, would, '
in inj- opinion, defeat, or at any rate greatly haz-
ard the measure, which every one admits to be
right—which the Senators from California them-
selves admit to be right, and for which they will
vote. Under these circumstances, I cannot vote
for the reference, but I shall vote with those who
go for immediate action on the bill.
Mr. GSVIN. All I ask is, that there shall be
substituted for this bill the one which passed the
Senate at the last session, giving California
§300,000 of this fund. Whether this bill be re-
ferred or not, 1 shall make an issue on adding such
a proviso to it. I take it for granted the Senate
will not reverse their own action.
Mr. RUSK. I voted for the allowance of
S30U,000 to California, and I am willing to vote
a much larger sum. 1 thought, and I still think,
that she was entitled to it. The money was raised
there; but it is useless to go iuto an investigation
of that subject, because it is but incidentally before
us. The object of the motion of the honorable
Senator from California is to refer this bill for the
purpose of attaching that measure as an amend-
ment to it. I submit to him that that course will
embarrass both questions. I shall be willing to
vote for his proposition as an amendment to any
of the appropriation bills, and I am ready to vote
for it as a separate measure. But the object of
this bill is to settle the accounts of Brigadier Gen-
eral Riley. He collected, under the orders of the
Government, large sums of money in California,
and the object is to have some provision for set-
tling his accounts for so doing. I can see no dif-
ficulty in the suggestion made that the bill orders
the money to be paid into the Treasury of the
United States. It is already there.
Mr. GW1N. No, sir.
Mr. RUSK. It is not legally there, I admit,
but it has been there deposited, and all that this
bill seeks, is to relieve a very meritorious officer
from the embarrassing circumstance of having un- 1
settled accounts for a large amount of money. I|
That is the whole of it. The money is already in !
the custody and keeping of the United States; and 1
the keeping of General Riley's accounts unsettled, !
and putting him in an embarrassed condition, does
not give to California any stronger claim to the
money than she has now. Under such circum-
stances, unless there can be some reasonable ob-
jection made to this bill, I think it ought to be
acted on immediately. I understood the Senator
from California to say that he had no objection to |
it, and that his only object was to attach the other
bill as an amendment, besides, I believe the sub-
ject has been investigated by the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Mr. GWIN. I would appeal to the honorable
Senator from Illinois whether his committee ever
examined this bill?
Mr. SHIELDS. No, sir, we never did; but
we examined similar cases, and we investigated
the principle involved. But whetherthat be so or
not, let the honorable Senator from California con-
sider this single fact: those who are anxious for
4he passage of this bill, are also anxious to pass
the measure to which he has alluded. Now, is it
treating General Riley well in the Senate, at this
time, when everybody admits his bill to be a cor-
rect one, to embarrass it with other matters which
may not pass at this session ? If there be any of- 1
firer who deserves generous treatment here, it is
this brave old man. If there is any objection >
against the bill, or against the principle of it, let it
be stated, and let us examine it. If there is any 1
objection to the amount, let that be stated and ex-
amined; but I do not think it is treating this old
officer well to select this bill, and make it a car to
carry others, which may, perhaps, be equally just,
but the addition of which may endanger the whole.
Mr. GWIN. Nobody is more disposedto treat
General Riley with the utmost liberality than I
am. I do not object to the principle of paying
him. That is well understood by the Senate.
But there are other important principles involved
by this bill. It proposes to order the payment of
the whole of this civil fund into the Treasury.
The Senate has heretofore, by a unanimous vote,
decided that a portion of that fund should take a
different direction. Besides, this bill is radically
defective in another point. It proposes to appro-
priate money to enable the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to defeud General Riley against suits that may
be brought, or have been brought against him for
the moneys collected in California. He is not the
party to those suits. The suits have been brought
against the collector, whom hecontinued in office;
and if you intend that the Government shall de-
fend the suits which have been brought by the
merchants, why not have the bill so drawn up as
to provide for the defense of the collector, who is
really the defendant to these suits.' These cases
are, I believe, pending before the Supreme Court
of the United States, and if you are going to de-
fend the right of the United States—and for my-
self I do not think the fund belongs to the United
States, but that it belongs to California—why not
provide for defending the party who is actually
the defendant of the case?
Mr. BADGER. I think a just view of this
subject will show theSenator from California that
there is no real difficulty in that provision of the
bill to which he objects as affecting the question
of the right of California to this money. The
money, as stated by the Senator from 1 exas, is
now in fact in the custody and keeping of the offi-
cers of the Government. The only effect of the
provision of the bill to which he objects is to put
the money formally and legally in their keeping
as officers of the Government. Now, in what
possible mode does that affect the question,
whether this money ought or ought not to be paid
to California ? In no way whatever that I can
perceive. The money was collected by General
Riley as an officer of the United States, under the
authority of the United States; and of course the
proper place to put it is, prima facie, into the Treas-
ury of the United States. When it is placed
there, it does not follow that we are to retain it
against any rightful claims of California, but quite
the contrary. It is then put formally into the 1
Treasury, and legally and formally under the con-
trol of officers of the Treasury, so as to be strictly
and formally subject to our disposition, through
their agency, by a provision, whether made in an
appropriation bill or by an independent act.
j I shall vote against the reference; and I should
vote against the amendment suggested by the Sen-
ator from California, if it were now before us, not
as declaring any opinion upon the question whether
the money ought or ought not to be paid to Cali-
fornia. Upon that question I give no opinion,
because I consider it utterly inappropriate to this
bill, and because I should be extremely loth to do
anything which would tend to defeat or even post-
pone this provision for the relief of the gallant old
veteran in whose favor the bill proposes to make it.
Mr. BUTLER. Until this discussion took
place, I should have voted for the reference of this
bill to the committee, because I think there is a
great security in observing the forms of the pro-
ceedings of the body as prescribed by our rules.
But the discussion has disclosed a state of things
which render it a matter of justice that we should
vote for this bill without a reference, because, if it
is referred, it will be so overloaded that it must
sink, and General Riley will not have any oppor-
tunity of adjusting his accounts, and his age, his
situation, and his services all require prompt action
on our part for his relief. If the amendment sug-
gested by the Senator from California comes up, it
is well known that it will give rise to debate, for
many of us believe the money alluded to is a fund
which belongs to the United States, and not to
California. Therefore, after this discussion, I
shall vote against the reference and in favor of the
bill with a clear conscience.
Mr. BRIGHT. I agree with the Senator from
South Carolina, that, as a general rule it is the
safer course to have all bills pass through the or-
deal of a reference to proper committees. But I
think this is a peculiar case. I have a distinct
recollection of what occurred before the Commit-
tee on Finance, which reported a bill which gave
$300,000 to the State of California, raised in the
manner mentioned by the honorable Senator; and
my recollection is very much the same as that of
the honorable Senator from Pennsylvania. I was
one of that committee who opposed giving to Cali-
fornia one dollar of that money, believing that she
had no more claim to it than any other State of the
Union. The fact that the money had been col-
lected within the limits of California no more enti-
tled her to it, in my judgment, than if it had been
raised in any other State of the Union; nor any I
more than the money raised in New York belongs j
to the citizens of New York. It was raised from
our own citizens in common with others emigra-
ting there from this part of the country, as well as
from all other parts of the world. It was, there-
fore, emphatically the money of the United States,
and I repeat it, California had no more legal or
equitable right to it than any other State in the
Union. I know that the honorable Senator from
California, as a member of that committee, thought
differently, and urged with all the zeal and force
with which he usually urges measures for his State
that California should have the entire amount'
As a compromise on the part of the committee*
we agreed to give $300,000. I had supposed that
would be the end of the claim. I did not suppose
that California would set up any claim for another
dollar of the money. But whether she does or
not, the claim should not be considered upon this
bill, which is intended to give relief to an aged sol-
dier, whose appearance admonishes us that if we
act at all in his case to benefit him, we ought to act
early. It is to give him that to which he is enti-
tled—a mere pittance, a moiety of that which he
secured for the Government by his services. In
short, it is to give him $15,000 for receiving and
handing over to the Government some $1,300,000,
which he was faithful in collecting. He cannot
have his accounts adjusted until this bill shall be
passed. As I remarked before, as a general rule,
I am in favor of a reference of all bills; but this
is a case peculiar and outside of the general prin-
ciple. I shall, therefore, vote against any propo-
sition to alter or amend the bill, and against any
reference, for I believe the bill is right as it is.
The question being taken by yeas and nays on
the motion to refer the bill to the Committee on
Finance, resulted—yeas 10, nays 44; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Bradbury, Chase, Douclas,
FHzpatrick, Gwin, Hunter, Mason, Norris, and WeJler—
NAYS—Messrs. Atcbison, Badger, Bayard, Bell, Bor-
land, Bright, Brodhead, Brooke, Butler, Cass, Charlton,
Cooper, Davis, Dawson, De Saussure, Dodge of Wiscon-
sin, Dodge of Iowa, Downs, Felch, Fish, Foot, Geyer,
Hale, Hamlin, Houston, James, Jones of Iowa, Jones of
Tennessee, Mallory, Miller, Morton, Pratt, Rusk, Sebas-
tian, Seward, Shields, Smith, Soul6, Spruance, Stockton,
Sumner, Toucey, Underwood, and Wade—44.
So the motion was rejected.
The PRESIDENT. The bill is now before
the Senate as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. GWIN. I desire to move to amend the
bill. I have sent for the bill which was reported
by the Committee on Finance at the last session,
and I ask that action on the bill may be delayed
until I receive it. Otherwise I shall speak to the
merits of the bill until it does come.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope the bill will be per-
mitted to go over until to-morrow, as my col-
league, who has the floor on the special order, de-
sires to address the Senate.
Mr. GWIN. I have no objection to that.
Several Senators. Pass it now. ,
Mr. HUNTER. TheSenator from California
says he is bound to speak upon it.
Mr. CASS. I trust that, under the circum-
stances, it will go over. All comity decides that
the Senator from Virginia [Mr. Mason] is entitled
to he heard to-day. As the honorable Senator
from California announces that he means to go
into a long discussion of this bill, it should be
postponed.
Mr. HUNTER. I move to postpone the fur-
ther consideration of the bill until to-morrow.
Mr. BADGER. I appeal to the Senator from
California not to persist in offering his amend-
ment. The vote upon the question of the refer-
ence was a test vote upon the question of putting
that amendment to this bill. There is a clear and
decided sense of the Senate against it, and I am
sure he would not postpone this act of justice to
General Riley for the purpose of discussing an-
other question upon this bill.
Mr. GWIN. If my friepd from North Caro-
lina will only read the instructions that have been
sent to my colleague and myself, by the Legisla-
ture of California, by a unanimous vote, he will
see that it is my duty to contest this matter.
Mr. BADGER. I suppose the object of the
Legislature of California iff to get this money
paid.
Mr. GWIN. And to keep it from going into
the Treasury of the United States.
Mr. BADGER. And does he not see that the
very course he is pursuing, so far from advan-
cing the probability of its payment, is absolutely
