458
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1,
putting obstacles in the way of what the Legisla-
ture have at heart ?
Mr. (JVVIN. I think not.
The motion to postpone was not agreed to.
Mr. GWIN. I propose to amend the bill, by
adding the following as an additional section:
.Ind he it further enacted* That the funds collected
from the date of thf ratification of the treaty of peace with
.vice, to the 1 tii ot November, 1849, when the collect-
or, appointed under the net of 3d March, 1849, entered upon
the duties of his ntlice, be paid to tiie Suite of California,
after the payments provided for in thesecond and third sec-
tions of this act are deducted from the same.
That brings up the question whether or not we
will pay to California this fund or any portion of
it. 1 desire to have justice done to ray State. I
am willing to have the amendment acted upon
now without discussing it.
Mr. SEWARD. 1 feel very sure that the ques-
tion on the amendment brings up the whole ques-
tion, and therefore it is that 1 do not wish to be
misunderstood in voting upon that amendment. I
shall vote against it as an amendment to this bill,
because 1 think it is out of time and out of place,
and not upon the merils of the amendment. I am
sure that if we are ever to have an opportunity to
do an act of justice to this veteran soldier it is now
to be done. If this bill goes over till another ses-
sion of Congress he will be at rest, beyond the
reach of any favor or any act of justice which we
can render. I hope, therefore, the Senate will
vote to reject this amendment, and pass the bill.
The question was taken on the amendment, and
it was rejected. The bill was reported to the
Senate, without amendment, and ordered to be
read a third time.
The PRESIDENT. By unanimous consent,
the bill will now have its third reading.
Mr. GWIN. Let it go over until to-morrow.
I may have to say something on the subject.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. MASON. I move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of the resolutions reported by
the Committee on Foreign Relations on the Tehuan-
tepec grant.
Mr. RUSK. I dislike to oppose the taking up
of that subject, especially on account of the ac-
commodation of the Senator from Virginia. But
I apprehend that it will lead to a protracted debate,
and supersede other business of vast importance.
The special order which has preference for to-day,
is the Pacific railroad bill. That is the one which
first comes up. It has the preference, notwith- |
standing the other was made the special order of I!
the day for this day. I doubt whether we shall I
come to any conclusion upon the Tehuantepec |
matter at this session. The Special Committee on |
the subject of the railroad to the Pacific have. |
reported a bill, which I am inclined to believe, I
from what I have heard and seen upon the subject, 1
will meet the approbation of a majority of the
Senate. We are now upon the last month of the
session, and the right of way to our Pacific pos-
sessions over our own territory is, and has been,
for some years past, a necessity, and it should
command our immediate attention. I have no ,
disposition, as I said before, to incommode the ,
honorable Senator from Virginia, or to object to
his going on with the matter which he proposes.
If he will agree to a proposition which I wish to
make, I shall not object to taking up that subject.
The Senate bill No. 560, " authorizing the con-
' struction of a railroad and branches, for estab-
' lishing a certain postal communication between
• the shores of the Pacific and Atlantic within the
' United States, for the protection and facilities of
• travel and commerce, and for the necessary de-
' fenses of the country," is the special order for
to-day. All that I desire is, to take up that bill
for a moment, to substitute an amendment for it,
which I desire may take the place of the bill I
have named as the special order by the unanimous '
consent of the Senate, and then I will move to
pass it over, in order to take up the Tehuantepec
grant resolutions.
Mr. MASON. I have no objection to that. j
Mr. RUSK. I therefore move to take up the ]
Pacific railroad bill which I have named, for the |
purpose of substituting another as the special
order.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. RUSK. I now move that the "bill forthe
• protection of the emigrant route, and a telegraphic
• line, and for an overland mail between the Mis-
•souri river and the settlements in California and
'Oregon," and the amendment to it, reported by
the Special Committee, be placed upon the calen-
dar as the special order, in place of the one which
now stands as the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. RUSK. I now move to postpone its con-
sideration until to-morrow.
Mr. HUNTER. Are we to understand that
the bill submitted by the Senator from Texas is,
by general consent, adopted as an amendment?
Mr. RUSK. Not at all. It is substituted on
the calendar as the special order, in place of Sen-
ate bill No. 560.
Mr. HUNTER. Can that be done ? How are we
to dispose of the latter bill ? The best way would
be to reject it by unanimous consent. How are we
otherwise to dispose of it by unanimous consent?
Mr. RUSK. It falls back upon the calendar, as
did the other bill, which was at first the special
order; and the change made is, to place the bill
which I have proposed on the calendar as the
special order, in place of the former bill, so that it
will be the order of the day for to-morrow.
Mr. HUNTER. I understand that the Sen-
ator moves that, by general consent, we repeal the
order making bill No. 560 the special order, and
that we make the bill submitted by him the spe-
cial order. That is the only way we can get at it.
The PRESIDENT. The Senate has disposed
of that matter, by unanimous consent.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I have a substitute for
all of these propositions, which I desire to submit
informally and have printed. I am one of those
who believe that we ought to have reconnoissances
and surveys of the route from the Mississippi to the
Pacific before we order the railroad to be built;
and, therefore, I intend to propose a substitute
appropriating §100,000 to enable the Secretary of
War to have a reconnoissance and survey made.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator is out of
order, and his proposition is out of order. The
question is on postponing the consideration of
the bill until to-morrow.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I ask unanimous consent
to have my proposed amendment printed.
The PRESIDENT. If there be no objection,
it will be so ordered.
The motion to postpone was then agreed to.
TEHUANTEPEC GRANT.
The Senate proceeded to consider the following
resolutions, which were reported from the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations;
Resolved, (as the judgment of the Senate,) That in the
present posture of the question on the grant of a right of
way through the territory of Mexico, at the Isthmus ofTe-
buantepec, conceded by that Republic to one of its citizens,
and now the property of citizens of the United States, as
the tame is presented by the correspondence and documents
accompanying the message of the President of the United
States of the 27th July, 1852, it is not compatible with the
dignity of this Government to prosecute the subject further
by negotiation.
2. Should the Government of Mexico propose a renewal
of such negotiation, it should be acceded to only upon dis-
tinct propositions from Mexico, not inconsistent with the
demands made by this Government in reference to said
grant.
3. That the Government of the United States stands com
mitted to all its citizens to protect them in their rights,
abroad as well as at home, within the sphere of its jurisdic-
tion ; and should Mexico, within a reasonable time, fail to
reconsider her position concerning said grant, it will then
become the duty of this Government to review all existing
relations with that Republic, and to adopt such measures as
will preserve the honor of the country and the rights of its
citizens.
Mr. MASON addressed the Senate at length,
and with much zeal, in vindication of the Garay
grant and a communication, by Tehuantepec, as
the most practicable route, contending that the
Government should protect the grant now owned
by its citizens. His speech' will be published in
the Appendix.
Mr. DOWNS next obtained the floor, but yield-
ed, at the solicitation of Senators,
And the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Toesday, February 1, 1853.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Rev. C. M. Botler.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER. The business first in order
is the reception of reports from the Committee on
Ways and Means.
INCREASED COMPENSATION.
Mr. GENTRY. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce a resolution, to which 1
presume there will not be a single dissenting voice.
It will be remembered by the House, that a law
was passed at the last session of Congress, giving
an increased compensation to the employees about
the Executive and Legislative Departments of the
Government. The Comptroller of the Treasury,
after examining this law, has arrived at the conclu-
sion that none can participate in the benefits of
this law, except those immediately employed in
and about the Capitol and the Executive Depart-
ments. Hence, although the laborers in the Le-
gislative branch of the Government are specified in
the original act, yet the laborers about the Capitol
grounds—the gate keeper at the western gate, and
three or four other persons, whose duties are not
immediately under the roof of the Capitol, are ex-
cluded. The watchmen about the President's
House are also excluded. The Comptroller de-
cides that the term " Executive and Legislative
Departments" must be taken as applying to the
Capitol Building and to the buildings of the several
Executive Departments. Now, although his rea-
soning is very plausible, yet these persons are ex-
cluded from the benefits of this act, which was
not intended. I hope there will be no objection to
the introduction of the resolution, which is simply
to provide that the benefits of the law may be
extended to the employees who have been exclud-
ed by the construction of the Comptroller.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I am constrained to
object.
ROAD TO OREGON AND CALIFORNIA.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce a bill from the Commit-
tee on Territories, for the purpose of having it
printed, and ready for the action of this body on
Monday next. That is the day set apart for the
consideration of territorial business. I ask that
the bill may be reported to the House.
There was no objection, and
Mr. GIDDINGS, from the Committee on Ter-
ritories, reported a bill to provide for the survey
and location of a wagon road from some point on
the Missouri river to the settlements in California
and Oregon, also for the extension of the settle-
ments along the same; which was read a first and
second time by its title, referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, and or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I rise to a privi-
leged question. I move to reconsider the vote by
which that bill was referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, and move to
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The question was put, and the latter motion
was agreed to.
PENSION BILL.
Mr. HENN, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as correctly enrolled the "Act to
continue half pay to certain widows and orphans;"
which received the signature of the Speaker.
Mr. COBB. When I obtained the floor, I in-
tended to ask the House, the first time during the
present session, to extend to me a personal favor.
But I will abandon that intention now, and state
to the House that on Monday next I will ask the.
unanimous consent of the House to allow Senate
bill No. 74, which proposes to graduate and re-
duce the price of public lands to actual settlers
and cultivators, to betaken up and considered. I
will waive that now, and content myself with ask-
ing the consent of the House to withdraw the
papers of a widow, who has a claim before the
Departments, from the files of the House, with a
view to refer them to the Third Auditor's Office,
where she can avail herself of the benefits of the bill
which has just received the signature of the Speak-
er—the papers of Mary Parker, the widow of
Colonel Parker.
No objection was made, and the order for the
withdrawal of the papers was entered.
COINAGE.
Mr. DUNHAM. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Ways and Means to report back, with
sundry amendments, Senate bill No. 271, entitled
" An act amendatory of existing laws relative to
the half dollar, the quarter dollar, the dime, and
the half dime."
The bill was then read, as follows:
(t Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representative*
of the United States of Jlmerica in Congress assembled, That
from and after the first day of June, one thousand eight
hundred and fifty-two, the weight of the half dollar, the
