460
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1,
the previous question having been seconded on the
passage of the bill, you cannot go back to this
question.
Mr. J0XE3. 1 would inquire if the gentleman
from Ohio voted with the majority ?
Mr. SWEETSER. No, sir; of course I did
not.
A Member. There was no division.
The SPEAKER. The universal practice in
such cases as this has been to allow the motion to
reconsider to be taken. It must be taken, how-
ever, without debate, the previous question having
been sustained.
Mr. SWEETSER. My object is to debate the
bill; and since I am not entitled to do it, I with-
draw the motion to reconsider.
Mr. JONES. I move to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was ordered to a third reading, and
to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The question was put upon the latter motion,
and it was agreed to.
The main question was then ordered to be put.
The question now being, "Shall the bill pass?"
Mr. SWEETSER called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
The question was then put, and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 131, nays 22; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. A Uereroinhic. Charles Allen, Willis Al-
len, Allison, William Appleton, Averett, Babcock, David
J. Bailey, Bealt*, Bennett, Bocock, Bowie, Brenton, Albert
G. Brown, E. Carrington Cabell, Joseph Cable, Caldwell,
Lewis D. Campbell, Cartter, Chandler, Chastain, Clemens,
Clingman, Cobb, Cottman, Cullom, Curus, Darby, John
G. Davis, Dawson, Dean, Disney, Dockery, Doty, Dun-
ham, Durkee, Eastman, Edgerton, Ewing, Faulkner,
Ficklin, Florence, Floyd, Freeman, Gaylord, Giddings,
Gilranre, Goodrich, Gorman, Grey, Grow, Hall, Hamilton,
Isham G. Harris, Sampson W. Harris, Haws, Hagcall,
Hendricks, Henn, Hibbard, Hillyer, Howard, Thomas M.
Howe, Ingersoll, Ives, Jackson, Jenkins, Ggorge W.
Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Kurtz, Landry, Letcher, Little,
Lockhart, Mace, McDonald, Mi:\air, Meacham, Miller,
Milison, Miner, Molony, Henry D. Moore, John Moore,
Murphy, Murray, Nabers, Newton, Olds, Orr, Outlaw,
Andrew Parkei, Samuel W. Parker, Peaslee, Penn, Per-
kins, Phelps, Porter, Powell, Preston. Richardson, Riddle,
Robbins, Robie, Ross, Russell, Sabine, Sackett, Savage,
Schoolcraft, David L. Seymour, Origen S. Seymour, Skel-
ton. Smart, Snow, Stanly, Benjamin Stanton, Frederick
P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Abraham P. Stephens,
Alexander H. Stephens, Stone, Strother, Taylor, Thurston,
Tuck, Venable, Ward, Washburn, Watkius, and Wilcox—
131.
NAYS—Messrs. Barrere, Busby, Caskie, Colcock, Con-
ger, Duncan, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Holladay, Houston,
John W. Howe, Martin, McMullin, Meade, Morehead,
Penniman, Smith, Sweetser, Toombs, Wallace, Welch,
and Williams—22. ;
So the bill passed.
Mr. JONES. I move to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed, and to lay the motion
to reconsider upon the table.
The question was put upon the latter motion,
and it was agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. HILLYER. I rise to what I suppose to
be a question of privilege. The Senate passed a
bill (No. 358) directing a survey to be made for
the purpose of constructing a certain canal, which
was sent here, but which has been lost. I now
wish to obtain an order for the Clerk to request
of the Senate a copy of the bill, in lieu of the one
which has been lost.
There being no objection, the order was accord-
ingly made.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Hous-
ton's motion, and it was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Brown of Mississippi in the chair.)
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move to take up House
bill (No. 336) making appropriations for the ser-
vice of the Army, for the fiscal year ending June
30th, 18o3.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move to dispense with the
first reading of the bill, and that the Clerk proceed
to read it by sections for amendment.
The motion was agreed to, and the Clerk pro-
ceeded to read by sections.
Mr. GORMAN. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs to move to amend, by j
inserting after the seventy-eighth line, the follow-!
ing: • I
For erecting barracks and quarters at the Republican
Fork of the Kansas river, $65,000.
Mr. Chairman, this amendment is intended to
appropriate a sum for the purpose of building
barracks and officers' quarters at the Republican
Fork of the Kansas river. The Secretary of War
and General-in-Chief of the Army recommend that
four of the military posts on the road to Santa Fe,
California, and Oregon, be abandoned, and that
this one be established in their stead. The point'
here designated is in a fertile region of country,
where the troops stationed there will be enabled,
to a considerable extent, to sustain themselves by
their own labor. With a view, then, of abandon-
ing Fort Snelling, Fort Laramie, Fort Leaven-
worth, and Fort Scott, 1 believe this amendment
is offered. It is recommended by the Committee
on Military Affairs, and I presume no other ex-
planation will be necessary.
Mr. HALL. I ask that the amendment may
again be read.
The amendment was read by the Clerk.
Mr. EVANS. Mr. Chairman, I desire to say,
in addition to what has been said by the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Gorman,] the chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs—and none under-
stand this subject better than he does—that this
amendment does not increase the regular appro-
priation at all. Last year the new posts were pro-
vided for out of the general appropriation for bar-
racks and quarters. But this year the Secretary ;
of War thought it best, with due deference to the
House of Representatives, to ask that specific ap-
propriations be made for these new posts, instead
of providing for them in the general appropriation
for barracks and quarters. As I remarked, if this
amendment be adopted, it will not increase the
amount of the geqeral appropriation granted in
former years for the same purpose. It appears
eminently proper that the specification should be
made. From the investigation I have myself given
to it—and I have looked to the subject with some
care—thefortatthe Republican Fork of the Kansas
river should have an appropriation for it. It is
situated in a fertile region, where wood can easily
be obtained, and its location is one from which
great protection may be granted to the emigrants
proceeding to the western coast, and to the settlers
in New Mexico, Oregon, and California. It is
proper that Fort Leavenwqrth, formerly a fron-
tier fort, should be removed to this point; and as
it involves no further appropriation of money, I
hope the amendment will meet the sanction of the
committee. |
Mr. WEIGHTMAN. I desire to inquire if it I
is proposed to abandon Fort Atkinson for the pur-
pose of establishing this new one?
Mr. GORMAN. It is not.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment was agreed to.
Mr. GORMAN. I have another amendment,
which I am also instructed by the Committee on
Military Affairs to offer, to come in at the same
point in the bill. I move the following:
For erecting barracks and quarters upon tlie Minnesota
river, $40,000.
j If there is no objection to the amendment, I yrill
not occupy the time of the committee by any re-
marks in explanation of it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GORMAN. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs to offer the following !
amendment, to come in after the one hundred and
twenty-fourth line: ]
That the Secretary of War be, and he is hereby, author-
ized to abolish such of the arsenals of the United States
as, in his judgment, may be useless or unnecessary.
A word in explanation of this amendment.
Several Members. No speech is necessary.
Mr. GORMAN. Very well; I do not know
that any explanation is necessary. j
The amendment was adopted. I
Mr. HOUSTON. I move the following amend-
ment, to supply an omission; |
Insert in line one hundred and thirty-one, after the word
ii two," the words " three thousand five hundred dollars."
The section would then read as follows: j
j For arrearages prior to July first, eighteen hundred and
1 fifteen, payable through the office of the Third Auditor, j
I under an act approved May first, eighteen hundred and
\ twenty, in addition to an unexpended balance of seven
thousand four hundred and twenty-six dollars remaining in
the Treasury on the thirtieth of September, one thousand
eight hundred and fifty-two, three thousand five hundred 1
dollars.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. HOUSTON. I submit the
thefollowingamend-
ment as an additional section:
For arrearages of pay, subsistence, and clothing, due to
Captain Richard W. McRae's company of Virginia volun-
teers, which served in the war with Great Britain, in 1812
and 1813, the sum of §10,335 31.
I will simply say, that is precisely the amount
due. After a laborious examination, the precise
amount due each individual of these volunteers,
has been ascertained. The amount is recom-
mended by the Secretary of War as due these
soldiers, and I presume the committee will not
hesitate to adopt the amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GORMAN. I have another amendment
which I propose, to come in after the one hundred
and twenty-third line. It is the following:
Provided, That from and after the first day of July next,
so much of the act of Congress, approved August third,
1842, as places the national armories under the superintend-
ence of an officer of the Ordnance Corps, be, and the same
is hereby, repealed, and from that day, the said armories
shall be under that system of superintendence which ex-
isted prior to the passage of the said act of Congress.
It is proper that I should say something to the
committee upon the subject of that amendment.
Several Voices. No; let it go.
Mr. GORMAN. Very well. If no objection
is made, I will not say one word.
Mr. EVANS. Mr. Chairman,! differ with my
colleague upon the Committee on Military Affairs
[Mr. Gorman] upon the subject of this amend-
ment. This is a matter of great importance, for
which I claim the attention of the committee. The
alteration proposed by this amendment ought not
to be made. There is no question about it.
General Jackson, if I mistake not, about the
year 1836, found it necessary to take these ar-
mories away from the civil superintendence, and
place them, with the other military branches of the
Government, under military superintendence.
A Member. That was not General Jackson.
Mr. EVANS. My impression was that it was
General Jackson, but whether it was or not is not
important to the argument. It appears—or it will
so appear if we ever call for information upon the
subject—that the prices of manufacture of these
arms have been greatly reduced under the proper
military superintendence. Well, sir, all this is
denied;but upon what authority? Upon the au-
i thority of certain pamphlets which are Sent hereto
j show us that the real cost of the manufacture of
j arms was less during the civil superintendence
! than under the military. But, sir, what is the
j. state of facts ? I believe, as I said, that the cost
i has been less under the military than under the
1 civil superintendence. At any rate, we have no
report from the War Department upon the subject,
pnd information is wanted from there, before we
act upon the subject here. We clearly ought not
to legislate upon this important branch of the pub-
lic service without calling for information from the
proper Department. But, sir, we have no inform-
! ation from that quarter. We have not called
upon the War Department for it; and I know that
the head of that Department is opposed to this
change—that he believes it to be an injudicious
change. He thinks it one which it would be im-
proper, for the good of the public service, to carry
into effect. There are two parties in the armory
in Springfield, in the State of Massachusetts, mu-
tually arrayed against each other, in relation to
this matter. I do not pretend to judge between
them. They are continually quarreling. It is a
moat bitter quarrel between them—one side con-
tending for the military superintendence of the
armories, and the other to take it awayfrom them.
They have come here with their difficulties, and
there is not a member of this House who has not
been harassed with their solicitations—not one.
Now, without pretending to decide upon the pro-
priety or impropriety of this change, I say we
ought not to direct it without a proper report upon
the subject from the War Department.
Why do you not take from the artillery branch
of the service the military management, and give
it to a civil officer? Why is the Ordnance Corps
specially picked out ? Sir, why have you an ord-
nance? For what purpose is the artillery of the
Army placed under that special branch of the ser-
vice, unless it is that their scientific education,
their special ability, and their long training, has
rendered them competent to conduct that service ?
Yet, now you are about to take it from them, with-
