1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
461
out any official information whatever upon the 1
subject—without any report from the War De- ;
partment, to whom the subject specially belongs.
1 say this change is injudicious, and calculated to
embarrass the public service. But if you deter-
mine to do it—if you determine to take these arm-
ories from under military control—under whose
civil superintendence do you propose to place
them? For what good end do you propose to
make the change? Where are the documents to
show that it is necessary5 I know that upon both
sides there has been much feeling in regard to this
matter. I know there is a deep enmity at the bot-
tom of it, which has long existed at the Spring-
field armory, of which I now sp?ak;and 1 Know
that enmity has found voice—I am sure unwit-
tingly—through my friend from Indiana, [Mr.
(Ju'tMis;] hut I tell this committee that if this
change takes place, it will be a detriment to the
public service. It is only to create a parcel of sine-
cure offices to be filled by mere politicians. Noth-
ing else in the world.
The public documents show—and unless garbled
they will conclusively show—to the mind of every
gentleman in this House, that when these armories
were under civil superintendence they were not
on'v badly managed, not only in disorder and
confusion, not only destitute of discipline, but the
manufacture of the public arms cost twice the
money thev now do. Certain explanations have
been "iven of that. The civil superintendency
shows*that there have been divers expenses to be
taken into account—the erection of public build-
ings, which ought to be charged against the Gov-
ernment—that the facility of manufacturing has
been greatly increased, and that the increased fa-
cihty'has cheapened the cost of manufacture.
But, whatever the explanation may be, such is the
fact, that the price of muskets, which was fourteen
dollars in 1841, is now about $8 50.
This is an attempt on the part of these work-
men to escape from discipline—an attempt to es-
cape from rule—an attempt to escape from that
authority which ought to be maintained in all of
our military establishments. This is an attempt
on the part of politicians to have a loose service—
to have a parcel of workmen employed on the pub-
lic works under no strict guardianship or author-
ity, who tf.ay enter upon the broad arena of poli-
tics, to make places for partisans to the detriment
of the public service.
But why would you displace these officers ?
Are they not instructed at a military academy to 1
fit them for these special services? Why do you
Instruct ordnance officers? Why do you give
them a special education for the manufacture of
arms, if it is not that they may be better qualified
for that kind of service than any other persons?
1 apoeal to gentlemen of the dominant party, who
are about to enter into power, and who, I believe,
from all that I see before me, when they get it,
will use it well—because I think the prospects for
the prosperity of the country are fair under the
incoming Administration—I appeal to them not
to load themselves down with excessive patronage.
They have enough to do in the difposition of the
present offices, in the removal of those who now
incumber the Departments, without manufactur-
ing another patronage. We have not done it in
our time, and I pray you to have the same forbear-
ance, regarding the public service and the public
food, above all the desires of any person to creep
into office.
But if the House of Representatives choose to ;
make this change, if you deem it proper to do it ■
upon argument^ call upon the Department to show
you what it has cost you to manufacture these
arms all along; what it did cost under the civil
Superintendent; what the rule of discipline and .
order then was; what it cost under the military
Superintendence, and whether there has been any
reduction in the price or not. If, upon that re-
port, and upon all the other documents brought
in, it appears tHat it is necessary to take away
this superintendency from the military officers, no
one will accede to it more cheerfully than I wilt.
If it shall be found that this is an improper sys-
tem I will abandon it at once. But I think, on '
the contrary, you will find, that by abandoning J
this system", you are running from a very cheap I
rystem into a very dear one. That will be the
result, and it is my belief, from the experience I :
have had for six years in this House, that we I
Ought not, in any branch of the public service, to I
abandon a well-settled policy without proper re-
ports from the heads of Departments to show us
how we ought to act. But those reports are not
before us, and 1 beg and beseech this House not
to act in this hasty and inconsideratemanner, with-
out proper information.
Mr. GORMAN. This sul^ect has been before
the Committee on Military Affairs for two or
three years. At the last session of the present
Congress, I made a report upon the subject, accom-
panied with a bill. That report occupied all the
ground that was thought proper and necessary
to explain and illustrate the points proposed to
be acted upon. That report has been published, ;
and the gentleman could have had access to it if
he had desired; and I am very much inclined to
think that he has gone off this morning without
that preparation which usually characterizes his
remarks in this House.
A careful analysis of the cost and general ex-
penditure, and of the amount of arms manufac-
tured, was gone into in that report, and a com- j
parison made between the military and the civil |
superintendency. I have before me an estimate j
made by the Committee on Military Affairs, com- j
paring the civil with the military superintendency. ;
If the gentleman will take the pains to took at the j
annual appropriations made from 1831 to 1840,
daring the existence of the civil superintendency,
he will find that there were manufactured at the
armories of the United States, 127,876 stand of
arms; that the cost to the Government was
§1,769,700 95. In 1841, during the existence of
the administration of General Harrison, while
Mr. Bell, of Tennessee, was Secretary of War,
the civil superintendency of these armories was
abolished, and the military substituted. From
1841 to 1851, the whole amount of arms manu-
factured at the armories was 126,794—more than
a thousand less than under the civil superintend-
ency. He will also find that while the civil su-
perintendency only required $1,'769,000 for the
whole of the time from 1831 to 1840, the military
superintendency asked and received $2,018,289 79.
Under the present system, then, they have manu-
factured less arms, and received $300,000 more
from the Government than did the civil superin-
tendency.
We need not refer to the statistics of this coun-
try, in the operation of our Government in any I
branch, for the purpose of showing that a civil
superintendency has always been, and always will
be, less expensive than a military one. j
The Army is expensive. The officers of the j
Army, and especially the ordnance, make large j
estimates. It furnishes employment for their offi- j,
cers; gives employment to superannuated old men, j
who ought not to be in the service, but on a re- I
tired list; and the service would be far better with-
out them. It furnishes employment for a large ,
train of dependents. It furnishes employment for
the superannuated portion of the Army.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. My recollec-
tion differs from the gentleman's as to the cost of
manufacturing arms. I understood the gentleman I
to read what the whole cost of supporting and ,
carrying on the armories has been. His figures 1
include the purchase and improvement of property,
as 1 suppose. But do 1 understand the gentleman
to say that it costs as much now to manufacture a
stand of arms as it did under the civil superintend- J
ency ? My recollection is that it costs one third ,
leMr. GORMAN. I will #tate, for the informa- i
tion of the gentleman and of the House, that I j
have read from an official document, showing that i
from 1831 to 1840, we expended for these armories I
$1,769,000; that for a like number of years, from I
1841 to 1851, the expenditures were $2,018,289 79. j
During the last ten years there may have been some
additional improvements.- There were some in
substituting the percussion for the flint lock. There
were some other improvements of the national
arms—the musket. Some improvement in the
artillery; but the difference in expenditure is too
great to be attributed to the improvements which I
have designated.
But I care not upon what ground you place the
difference; and if you contend that the expense of
a civil superintendence would beno less, or no more
than a military one, still I would insist upon hav-
ing a civil superintendence, and for these reasons:
: Gentlemen who know anything about the ordinary
basinesd oif life,-are all aware that these arms are
manufactured by mechanics, and that some three or
four hundred of your fellow-citizens are engaged
in this business. They are fellow-citizens, they
are mechanics; they depend not for subsistence
upon the profession of arms, but upon the practice
of their art. Would it be more in harmony with
the institutions of your country to have these men
controlled by a civil superintendent, drawn from
their own rank in society, with feelings and sym-
athies in common with the laborers who are found
within the walls of these manufacturing establish-
ments, or does this House believe it would be more
consistent to place the citizen mechanic under the
control of military rule and military despotism ?
Am I right in saying military despotism ? No gen-
tleman upon this floor, who has looked into the
regulations of the Army of the United States, but
what will come to the conclusion in five minutes,
that those rules and regulations and articles of
war, if made to apply to the mechanics in these
manufacturing establishments, are rules of despot-
ism; rules of the one-man power; rules by which
trivial offenses are tried by a court-martial, called
by a military man. The sentence is executed by
a military man, and his will is mostly the law.
He turns them off when he thinks proper. He
punishes as a military man punishes; he controls
as a military man controls; he orders as a military
man orders; he does all things according to military
law and military discipline.
1 hear the remark made upon my right, Why
do they go there? Because their profession and art
compel them to go there, or be without employ-
ment. There are no other establishments in the
United States but the armories. at which particular
artisans can be employed. Men are brought up
to the particular profession of manufacturing fine
arms, and are acquainted with no other. They
go there, and after they have gone fhere, their des-
tiny is fixed for life in society. When you place
over them military superintendents you subject
them to the control of military law and military
discipline. Now, why should manufacturers of
arms be under the superintendence of the Ord-
nance Corps? What particular sympathy, what
particular identity of interest is there between the
artisan and the Ordnance Corps? You have an
Engineer Corps and you have an Ordnance Corps.
That Ordnance Corps prescribes the character of
arms to be manufactured, and the man who man-
ufactures them is not a soldier, but a citizen me-
chanic. And, in my judgment, the man who
is to superintend the workmen, and decide how
many hours per day they should work, and when
and how they should work, ought to be a civilian.
They are citizens, and ought to be under the con-
trol of citizens, as soldiers ought to be under the
control of soldiers. If the superintendent rules
by military law, and thereby creates a military
despotism, let him rule soldiers and not citizens—
mechanics of the country. There is no reason
that can be urged, unless it be one of economy,
and that has been urged and failed, tending to show
that military men should havethe superintendence
of citizen mechanics, engaged in the public work-
shops.
The gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Evans]
stated that the Secretary of War was not in favor
of the change designed by the amendment I have
submitted. He is right; but if he had looked into
the report of the Secretary of War, he would have
found that the Secretary makes a very tame allu-
sion to the subject. It will be found on page 10
of the report the gentleman has in his hands. He
says:
" The reports of the Chief of the Ordnance Bureau and
ofthe Quartermaster's Department, will show the opera-
tions of Ihese important branches ofthe service. Several
ofthe suggestions contained in them are deserving of atten-
U°" The first of these two reports exhibits a very satisfac-
tory view of the operations of the national armories at
Springfield and Harper's Ferry; and I concur in Ihe opin-
ion that no benefit would be likely to result from a return to
the former mode of governing these establishments."
He says that " no benefit would be likely to
result from a return to the former mode of gov-
erning these establishments," and no more. That
remark, I apprehend, was made with regard to
the bill I haa the honor at the last session to re-
port from the Committee on Military Affairs, and
to call attention to his views. It is not possible
to draw anything very satisfactory from that rec-
ommendation's hegives no reason for his sugges-
tion. I cannot, indeed, conceive of any other thing
