46*2
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. I,
controlling him in making it, than a desire to bring
this matter to the consideration of the committee
and the country.
But, Mr. Chairman, this subject has excited a >
great deal of interest in the vicinity of Springfield
and of Harper's Perry. The artisans in the em-
ploy of the Government in the armories at those
places, have come up here with petitions and me-
morials, praying for a return to the civil superin- ;
tendency, and the abolition of the existing military j
one. _ I
Mr. CARTTER. I wish, at this point, to in-
quire of the gentleman from Indiana, what the
particular object of complaint is on the part of
these mechanics ?
Mr. GORMAN. The complaints are as diver-.
sified as those who make them. Some have one
and some have another complaint, but the main
one is the oppression of the military despotism to
which they are subjected. They say that under
military control they are governed by military rule
like soldiers. They say that if anything goes
wrong under the military rule, without their
knowledge they are harassed by numerous petty
orders.
Mr. ALLISON. I desire to propound an in-
quiry to the gentleman. He appears to make a
distinction between the rule that would govern the
institution at Springfield under a civil superin-
tendency and the rule that would govern under a
military superintendency. Now, I should like to
know, if I understand him correctly, whether a
different set of rules control the armory under a
military superintendent from what control it under
a civil one?
Mr. GORMAN. I will explain to the gentle-
man. There are different rules. The rules and
regulations of the armory have .been reported to
me, and I have had them under my consideration
for some time. The gentleman from Connecticut,
[Mr. Ingersoll,] whose constituents are inter-
ested in this matter, has in his possession deposi-
tions embodying th'e rules of the armory at Spring-
field, both under a civil and a military superin-
tendency, the number of working hours per day,
the manner of dividing labor, and the manner of
discharging workmen for particular causes. The
rules are framed by the superintendents them-
selves. There is no law which specifies the par-
ticular law or rule that shall govern, excepting the
general one for the establishment of armories and
the manufacture of arms. Any gentleman who
will take the pains to look at the statements which
have appeared in the public papers, and the facts
set forth in the report made by me from the Mil-
itary Committee at the last session, must conclude
that there has been a tyrannical oppression of these
mechanics in various ways, or else a vast deal of
perjury has been committed on their part.
1 am inclined to think there is nothing which can
be more satisfactorily shown than that these men
havebeen oppressed under a military rule infinitely
beyond anything they were required to submit to
under a civil superintendence, and that more arms
have been manufactured for the same time under
the civil than under the military supervision, and
with an outlay of less money. All these are un-
deniable facts. And now, Mr. Chairman, not
having calculated to have occupied so much time
when I rose, 1 leave the subject with the committee.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Before the
gentleman takes his seat, I desire to ask him a
question. My recollection, on looking at the doc-
uments, is this: That the present cost of the man-
ufacture of a musket is less than eight dollars,
while before the military superintendency it was
fourteen dollars. I desire to know if I am right?
I know there has been a good deal of money ex-
pended in the improvement of machinery and the
erection of buildings, but has not the operation of
the present system reduced the cost of each arm
manufactured about one half?
Mr. GORMAN. The gentleman is mistaken
as to the extent of reduction in the cost of manu-
facturing arms. There has been some reduction,
and that has principally been caused by improve-
ments in machinery; for which improvements the
gentleman must remember we are indebted to the
shrewd, ingenious mechanics, and not the super-
intendent. He is entitled to no credit. The whole
credit belonss to the petitioning artisans.
Mr. STEVENS. They cost money.
Mr. GORMAN. To be sure they have cost
money; but that money has not been the cause of
these improvements, which greatly reduce the co s j
of manufacture, but the ingenuity of the mechanics, j
Those very men who have discovered and put
into execution these improvements are the very
memorialists to Congress for relief from this
military rule. Then the main question for our
determination is, whether it is best to rule your
mechanics, your working men, by military men,
or citizens who have a sympathy with them ?
Which comports best with the institutions of our
' country, the civil or the military superintendency
of the citizen laborer?
I apprehend gentlemen will not be long in reach-
ing the conclusion—to have civil and not military
supervision of the United States armories. The
business of your Army and its officers is of a dif-
ferent character. The Ordnance Corps was de-
signed to prescribe thearmsbestadapted for national
defense. The education of its members is direct-
ed towards the investigation of what kind of arms
will do the greatest execution in time of war;
what artillery is best, and of what materials it
should be manufactured; what caliber and ca-
pacity is best, are matters for the investigation of
the Ordnance Corps. The mere fact that the edu-
cation of your military men has been with a refer-
ence to these matters, does not capacitate them for
the control of your mechanics in the pursuit of
their profession. I apprehend that there is no
gentleman in this committee in favor of the con-
tinance of the military superintendency, when your
mechanics are appealing to you to relieve them
from the evil.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Mr. Chairman, I did not
anticipate when I came here this morning, that the
question involved in the amendment offered by
the honorable member from Indiana would come
up for discussion at this time, and in the shape it
does. I repeat it simply because I have not those
facts by me at command which will enable me to
do justice to the whole matter—a subject intimate-
ly connected with the interests of a respectable
portion of my constituents. Notwithstanding,
however, that I am somewhat unprepared, I feel
that I should be doing injury to the views and
I wishes of a large body of the mechanics of my
State, more particularly of my district, did I suffer
i the present occasion to pass without raising my
voice in opposition to the military discipline exer-
cised by military officers at the national armories ;
of our country. I wish to direct my remarks more i
particularly to that in operation at Springfield, in
I the State of Massachusetts; and before I proceed
I will say, that if the facts sworn to in eight affida- |
vits before me, and sent to me that I might see the
i actual state of things at that armory, are true,
1 there is a tyranny, petty and despicable, exercised
1 over the free, virtuous, and respectable mechan-
ics at work there, which hardly finds a parallel
1 within the walls of the penitentiary of my own
State.
1 iNow, sir, I am opposed to the whole system of
military superintendence in theGovernmentarmo-
ries, as they are called. I believe that it is more
expensive than the system of civil superintend-
ence; that it does in|ustice to those of our man-
ufacturers who are engaged in contracts for the
manufacture of Government arms, and who were
induced to enter upon this kind of manufacture,
under the idea that it was to belong to private con-
tractors; and lastly and principally, because the
system is at war with our free institutions, and
degrading in its operation to the intelligent me-
chanics of our country.
And first, sir, under the plea of economy, I be-
lieve an extravagance has characterized the opera-
tions of these armories. I shall take the armory
j at Springfield.
| Gentlemen will find, I think, upon examination
of the figures in the proper Department, that
; while the number of arms manufactured at the
Springfield armory during the ten years of military
superintendency was less than the number manu-
factured during the previous ten years of civil
superintendency, the amount of expenditures was
much greater. Thus:
Amount expended from 1842 to 1851, under mili-
tary superintendence.  $2,018,289 87
Amount expended from 1831 to
1840, under civil superintendence, 1,767,700 95
j Showing, if my figures are correct,
a balance in favor of the civil
1 superintendence of.  $250,588 92
Mr. CARTTER. With the permission of my
friend, I desire to inquire of him whether he has
the comparative products of the two terms he
gives? How much would they turn out from 1831
to 1840, and from 1841 to 1852?
Mr. INGERSOLL. I have not the figures by
me, but I think they are given in the report which
the gentleman from Indiana has in his hand. As
I before said, the subject has been sprung upon
me, and I am unable to give the facts, which time
would have enabled me to give to the House.
Again: The tendency of these military govern-
ment manufactories is towards military govern-
ment monopolies. The result to my mind is in-
evitable. This is done by accepting only such
contracts from private individuals as will be ruin-
ous to them, and this will be accomplished under
the pretense that the Government can manufacture
arms at the low price offered. In the year 1808,
Congress passed a resolution, appropriating annu-
ally a sum of money for the purchase of arms, to
be made by private contract. Under the inducement
thus held out, private citizens have invested large
sums of money in buildings, tools, and machinery.
Two of these manufactories are in my own dis-
trict. Now, sir, if this military system is carried
out, it will end in the withdrawal of all contracts
from private individuals and manufactories. I
am opposed to the change so long as private in-
dustry can furnish us with what the Government
wants. A fair field and no favors is my motto
in this, as in other matters of political economy.
But the great evil of this military system I have
yet to touch upon. It is what the respectable
mechanics whose affidavits I have here have a right
to complain of. It is what I will ever hold up my
voice against. The petty tyranny exercised in
these military establishments. Now, sir, there is
no doubt of this, if these affidavits, sworn to by
men, some of whom I know personally, and
sworn before a magistrate also known to me, are
true. Gentlemen may examine them. I will not
read the names to the House, for a request has
been made to me not to do so if it could be avoid-
ed, lest these persons might fall under the proscrip-
tion of the military superintendent of that armory
for having dared to murmur at their lot. But I
J will give the House an abstract of what is sworn
to in these eight affidavits.
One man, fifty years of age, was discharged be-
cause he went to the wash-room on one occasion
two or three minutes before the bell was rung for
the close of the work. Another man was dis-
charged for another infringement of the rule, " that
no man should leave the shop to make any pur-
chase whatsoever," and he voluntarily left the ar-
mory in disgust. If a workman at the commence-
ment of work in the morning is not in when the
! bell stops ringing, he is obliged to lose a quarter
i of a day, and if the offense is repeated, he is liable
to be discharged. This is fortified, too, by a depo-
sition. Another person was discharged under this
! ridiculous and outrageous rule: "That no man
| can receive or read a letter, paper, or book, under
any circumstances whatever, w'hilein the armory."
A deposition is here from a man who states, that
while employed in the armory by the piece, kept
a Biblein his drawer for occasional reference, he was
ordered by Colonel Ripley to remove it from the
armory building. Social intercourse among the
workmen is prohibited. No man is permitted to
leave his vice or other placeof work to speak to his
next neighbor upon any subject not strictly connect-
ed with his work. The superintendent has virtually
interdicted the use of tobacco among the workmen,
by issuing an order forbidding thgm to spit upon
the floor of the house, and forbidding them a. spit-
toon, even if furnished by themselves.
The workmen are not permitted to divert them-
selves during their hours of labor by whistling or
humming a tune in any of the shops, and the su-
perintendent has personally forbidden the eating
of an apple by the workmen in the armory build-
ing.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. If a tyran-
nical man happens to be appointed there, is it not
in the power of the Government to supersede him
by the appointment of another?
Mr. INGERSOLL. It is in the power of the
Government, but this is one of the evils of the
military system. It is of this we complain. The
fact that you bring intelligent freemen, men of
standing in the community, with families down to
a military discipline, which places them on a foot-
