1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
463
ing with your soldiers who volunteer to submit,
ami who, by the rules of war, and the circum-
stances in which they are placed, in consequence
of the //it^'tssiou which they have adopted, are
dealt with as they are. It is the system, 1 repeat,
that is wrong. Why is the mechanic, who makes
your "una to be subjected to a discipline that fol-
lows no other occupation? Why prescribe for
him rules which are as rigorous upon him as those
which govern the convict in your penitentiaries?
But, you ask, cannot the mechanic who dislikes
his situation, under the military system, leave the
establishment and go elsewhere? He can leave,
but with the chances of starvation staring him in
the face. The trade of a gunsmith is one peculiar
to itself; he cannot leave the manufacture of gun-
locks, and go to work upon door-locks, with the
facility of the carriage-maker, who leaves his
work upon a barouche to take hold of and finish a
wagon; and the gunsmith must go for employment
to the few places iu our country where the manu-
facture of guns is carried on.
I would, sir, that 1 was prepared to treat the
subject as I wish to. But I hope that I have, in a
feeble way, shown to the House that the system
is one degrading to an American citizen, and
which I trust this body, open as it is to American
sympathy, will not tolerate any longer. I hope
the amendment will prevail.
Mr. STANLY. lam opposed to the amend-
ment of my honorable friend from Indiana, [Mr.
Gorman,] and I should be glad if I can get his
attention. I should hketo know if the Committee
on Military Affairs recommended this amendment
or not?
Mr. GORMAN. It is offered on my own re-
sponsibility. I will say that the committee re-
pined a bill to this House at the last session of
Coi'irres* embodying simply the words repealing
the law, so that they acted upon the same subject.
Mr. STANLY. I will listen to any gentleman
connected with military affairs, and with as much
respect to my friend from Indiana [Mr. Gorman]
as any other member of the House, but the Com-
mittee on Military Affaire have not, the House
will take notice, acted upon this subject at this
session. They may have taken the sober second
thought. This proposition, therefore, is divested of
any authority derived from that committee as a
committee. I had the honor of belonging to the
Committee on Military Affairs some eight years
ago, and this very question was examined at that
time. I think it was during the Twenty-seventh
Congress—I am not quite certain of the date—that
this system was altered. It underwent the fullest
investigation, and we had then the arguments
which the gentleman from Indiana now offers upon
this subject. After the fullest investigation we
concluded that the administration of these armo-
ries by civilians was highly injurious to the public
interest, and that it was best to change the sys-
tem. What are the arguments now ?
Mr. FAULKNER. When was this examin-
ation made?
Mr. STANLY. I think it was in the Twenty-
seventh Congress. I speak from memory en-
tirely.
Mr. EVANS. In the Twenty-seventh Con-
gress.
Mr. STANLY. My friend from Maryland
[Mr. Evans] says that was the time, and he is
better posted up in these things than I am. I sub-
mit to my friend from Indiana, [Mr. Gorman,] in
the first place, that he had better wait, if there be
doubt about the change, until the incoming Ad-
ministration shall examine the whole ground. Re-
member, this thing has been as it now is since the
year 1842. It was so during Mr. Tyler's time,
though it was convenient for him to have placed
some of his Virginia friends in the Armory at
Harper's Ferry.
Mr. GORMAN. Will the gentleman allow me
to say, that during the administration of Mr. Ty-
ler and Mr. Polk, there were one or two reports
made, if I mistake not, against the military super-
intendence, and in favor of restoring the civil super-
intendence. One report—I do not remember pre-
cisely what date—we had before the Committee on
Military Affairs. It seems it was not acted upon,
or adversely acted upon, by the Senate. The sub-
ject has been before committees of the Senate and
committees of this House several years. It is no
new thing in the House, no new thing to the coun-
try. It has been a subject of controversy and con-1
test ever since the military superintendency was
established.
Mr. STANLY. I am obliged to the gentleman
for the fact, that the committees of the Senate
made these reports which were not sanctioned by
that body. Then I take it for granted that there
have been some well-founded objections to the
change. During the whole of Mr. Tyler's time
this thing was allowed to remain. His adminis-
tration withstood all the political influence brought
to bear, and refused to appoint any persons from
his own State as civil superintendents, because it
was against the public interest. During the whole
of Mr. Polk's time it remained unchanged. It was
approved of by him. That administration, and
General Taylor's and Mr. Fillmore's administra-
tions, have refused to put civilians in office there;
and no doubt this same clamor was raised. We
ought to weigh these arguments with some degree
of respect, and I hope that we will not make any
change until this is done.
My friend from Indiana [Mr. Gorman] asks,
Why put this superintendency under the Ordnance
Corps? I will not be guilty of presumption—I
will not set up my opinion in military matters
against that of my honorable friend from Indiana.
I certainly should not in the field, in actual prac-
tice, where he became distinguished for his gal-
lantry; and I should hardly do it here as a carpet
knight, without some apology. I should, how-
ever, be glad to know what the Ordnance Corps is
established for? We have an Engineer Corps for
one particular branch of service; wehaveaTopo-
graphical Corps for another; and we have a dra-
goon Corpsforotherparticularservice; wehavean
Ordnance Corps, but what is it for? What does
ordnance mean, but the making of arms and can-
non, &c.? It means this, according to my under-
standing of it; but I speak with all becoming
modesty and humility in such presence and against
such authority. According to my recollection,
the gentlemen composing theOrdnance Corps must
possess a knowledge of the various metals, and be
men of experience in the working of iron and
othermetals. That has been my impression. They
have been sent to iron mines in particular States
to ascertain whether the quality of iron there suits
better than iron from elsewhere. Does the gen-
tleman from Indiana [Mr. Gorman] mean to argue
that a graduate at West Point—a man who has
been put in the artillery on account of his knowl-
edge of such matters, is not better qualified to
judge of the making of arms, than any little
home-dried, grog-shop, cross-road, politician—an
ex-member of Congress, may be, or some one else
who wants office under a Whig or Democratic
Administration, as the case may be? Now, I do
not know how many men there are in the district
of the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Faulkner,]
who want this office. I dare say there may be a
dozen. So in Springfield; I have no doubt many
politicians there want this comfortable place, now
that Pierce is coming into power. I know they
did in Tyler's time, and in Taylor's time. It is
no fault of the gentlemen. It is human nature.
If one of these establishments was in my district,
I dare say I should feel a great deal of fourth-of-
July fury, such as the gentleman from Connecticut
[Mr. Incersoll] has given expression to, about
the oppression of the honest mechanics.
Now, sir, what are these terrible grievances
that the gentleman from Connecticut brings for-
ward m behalf of those good voters in his coun-
try, called American mechanics ? Where is the
oppression ? I think it very probable that there
may have been abuses in these armories. There
are abuses in everything superintended by mortal
hands. There are a great many abuses, under
Whigs and Democrats, as my experience has
taught me, in every department of the Govern-
ment. I do not profess to say that the officers
who have control of these establishments now are
blameless. I do not even know who they are. I
cannot keep the run of such things. They may
have been guilty of abuses. They may have been
tyrannical. They may have been too fond of
having military tactics and strict regime intro-
duced amongst the mechanics. But that is a sub-
ject for complaint at the proper Department. Go
to the Department; but do not bring up here affi-
davits and depositions—taken when and how?
had the officers any knowledge of it?—and appeal
to the House to prevent the oppression of Ameri-
can mechanics and honest laborers. |
Mr. INGERSOLL. I will inform the gentle-
man that these depositions were taken by a justice
of the peace having full authority to do it.
Mr. STANLY. I do not doubt the authority
of the justice of the peace in Connecticut to take
depositions. [Laughter.] By no means. No;
they are a smart people in Connecticut; smart at
ciphering and figures, as well as at various me-
chanic arts, which it is not necessary to refer to.
But that is not the point. Did the officers have
notice of these charges, or was there but one side
heard ? That is the point. 1 meant no disrespect
to the Connecticut justice of the peace at all. [A
laugh.] Why, all this talk is for Buncombe.
What does it amount to? We all talk for Bun-
combe sometimes. The gentleman from Connec-
ticut has done it. Virginia will have to follow,
and I think Massachusetts will have a word to
say, too. But what is this gross oppression ?
Why, forsooth, one poor fellow could not read
his Bible in the workshop. [Laughter.]
Mr. INGERSOLL. I believe there is but one
Buncombe in the United States, and that is in
North Carolina. [Renewed laughter.]
Mr. STANLY. It is not in my district, though
the old fellow after whom that county of Bun-
combe was called lived in the district that I have
the honor to represent. I have been under his
gateway, and his descendants are gallant Whigs,
as their forefathers were in the Revolution. Ha
had spread over his gateway
" Welcome, all,
To Buncombe Hall!"
The Whigs of the Revolution received a cordial
welcome there, with food and raiment and arms,
and the Tories and British soldiers had lead to
their satisfaction.
But the gentleman from Connecticut says that
one poor fellow could not read the Bible in the
workshop. The Connecticut people are religious.
It is a land of liberty and religion and steady
habits.
A Voice. And wooden nutmegs.
Mr. STANLY. Yes, and they make wooden
nutmegs better than anybody else, when they turn
their attention that way. [Laughter.]
But does the gentleman from Connecticut pre-
tend to say that it is a hardship and a grievance
for a man not to be allowed to read his Bible du-
ring working hours, when he is at work for Uncle
Sam? Would the architect of these public build-
ings allow a man to take his Bible with him to
read while he was carrying mortar and bricks in
a hod? Is there no other time for this devoted,
, pious, enthusiastic, good citizen and mechanic to
read the Bible except during the hours appropri-
ated to work ?
i Mr. INGERSOLL. With the permission of
the-gentleman from North Carolina, I wish to cor-
rect him as to a matter of fact. This man was
keeping a Bible in a drawer for occasional refer-
ence, when he was ordered by the superintendent
to remove it.
Mr. STANLY. He kept a Bible in his drawer
to pefer to occasionally, did he? I have no doubt
the man who makes that complaint—I do not know
his name, and I do not wish to know it; for his
sake, the gentleman from Connecticut had better
not mention it—but I have no doubt that that man
kept the Bible locked up in the drawer on Sundays,
when he ought to have had a chance to read it.
But what l's another grievance ? Why, forsooth,
they cannot chew tobacco? Well now, if the
superintendent has enforced that rule, he has done
the cause of cleanliness and decency a very good
service, and he deserves a vote of thanks on the
part of this House. [Laughter.] If he has done
anything to prohibit that vile, indecent, unchris-
tian, abominable habit of chewing tobacco and
spitting on the floors of public buildings, the man
ought to have a monument erected to his memory.
[Much laughter.] Sir, if that order is tyrannical,
why do you not allow smoking here' That rule,
too, is an infringement upon our republican rights.
You have a rule that members shall not wear their
hats. Why do not you abolish that; and let
members take off their coats in summer time, and
walk about with the largest liberty? [Laughter.]
That is progress. Will the gentleman from Con-
necticut recommend that to members of Congress?
Do not we obey the laws of decency and propri-
ety, and abstain from smoking here? Do you not
see in the other public buildings here the same pro-
hibition of the use of tobacco ? Sir, 1 repeat, it
