464
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1.
is an indecent, unchristian, abominable habit. It I
is a barbarous Indian custom that has been intro-
duced into civilized life to the degradation of human
nature.
I understand that a bill has been introduced into
the Massachusetts Legislature to prohibit tobacco
everywhere. Well, that is a great deal better than
all their Maine liquor laws. I am against them.
[Laughter.] I think every man has a right to take
a drink when he pleases. [Renewed laughter.]
I think folks would show a great deal more sense
if they would form themselves into anti-tobacco
societies, instead of into temperance societies; for
more than half the boys in the country who grow
up tipplers and drunkards, commence their career
by smoking and chewing tobacco.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, (interrupting.)
The gentleman from North Carolina has made a
very good argument against the use of tobacco,
ana in relation to certain alleged rules. I am in-
formed, however—I was not in the House at the
time—that the gentleman from Connecticut [Mr.
Ingersoll] stated that one of the rules was that
tobacco was not to be used by the workmen in
the armory. I understand that that is a mistake
in point of fact.
Air. STANLY. Then the superintendent ought
to be turned out for not having the rule made, and
for allowing the armory to be kept in such a filthy
condition as it must be in. [Laughter.]
Mr. INGERSOLL. If the gentleman will allow
me, I will state what I believe to be the rule. It
is that the men shall not be allowed, under any
pretense whatever, to spit. [Renewed laughter.]
Mr. DAVIS. I believe the rule refers rather to
the places where they shall spit. I do not under-
stand that the practice of spitting itself is discoun-
tenanced. [Laughter.]
Mr. STANLY. These rules of military men
are an abridgment of republican rights and privi-
leges! It is a tyrannical custom to prevent men
from smoking cigars and chewing tobacco when
and where they please ! According to the argu-
ment of the gentleman from Connecticut, a man !
has a right to smoke cigars in church, and to '
use his filthy tobacco in church, where ladies'
dresses may be contaminated by it. The rail- J
road cars in some parts of the country now have
smoking cars, and very proper it is. Those sort
of folks ought to be put by themselves. The
tobacco not only makes gentlemen sick, but it
is, of course, always an annoyance to ladies;
and I know that is the strongest argument I can
use to the gentleman from Connecticut. [Laugh-
ter.] But if the railroad cars had another little
regulation, it would add vastly to the comfort of
the traveling community. They should put all
the tobacco fellows togetherinto one car—notonly
the smokers, but also the fellows who chew to-
bacco, and have all the other vile habits conse-
quent upon it, which I will not mention here. I
would exclude them from any other society but
that of tobacco-chewers while they are traveling.
It would serve them all right. So far, then, as this
order in relation to tobacco is concerned, I do not
think it a sufficient reason for abolishing the mili-
tary superintendence of the armories.
Sir, I hope our friends upon the other side of
the House will wait until their Administration
«omes in before they make this change for the
benefit of politicians. If the Whig party should
ever come into power again—though it does not
look very much like it now—or if any branch of
their own party should come into power, these
men whom you put in now, who are seeking
these places, will be rejected, and another set of
rules will be found fault with as an excuse for
getting rid of them. The men put to superintend
this work will be broken-down politicians, who
have nothing else to do but to seek office; men
who served General Taylor in his civil campaign,
or who served Pierce in this last canvass. That
is the sort of men who will be- put into these
places. Why dispense with the military super-
intendence? if the officers at present employed j
are charged with abuses, let them be inquired into; !
but do not deprive the Government of the services
of men who have had experience and knowledge
of this sort of work. I beg the House to pause !
before making such a change.
Mr. WILCOX. At the commencement of this
debate I had no idea that I should participate in
it. But really, sir, it seems to me that I am called
upon, as an humble member of the Committee on
' Military Affairs, to say something with regard to |
this subject. I love the people as much as any i
man here. I am essentially a people's man, and
I believe in progress. 1 believe in all progressive
improvements of the country; but really it seems
to me that there has been a spirit excited within
the last twelve months in this country which, if
not checked by the conservative people of the
country, will end, God knows where.
Now, sir, it is very natural for us to entertain
prejudice in relation to this matter. We are
creatures of prejudice. We are biased in our
opinions both by the force of precept and example.
But, sir, there is a class of persons in our own
country who do entertain, and have entertained
a most uncompromising hatred to the military es-
tablishment of the country. Sir, I believe there
are offices connected with the military establish-
ment of the country which may be filled by other
than military officers; but I oppose the amend-
mentof thegentleman from Indiana [Mr. Gorman]
simply fVom the fact that this whole attack is level-
ed against the Army establishment of the country,
in the vilest spirit of demagogism, not applying
it to my friend personally. Sir, this whole move-
ment is the offspring of the beer-house and cross-
road politician. Why, the superintendency of the
armory at Springfield and at Harper's Ferry have
been tested, and successfully tested and endorsed
by several Administrations, under the control of
military men.
But I will submit a single reflection, for I do not
intend to speak long upon the present occasion.
You will find that in the hour of danger, when-
ever the hour of peril comes, that these gentlemen
are obliged to fall back Upon the military for the
defense of the country. They have to " acknowl-
edge the corn;" they are obliged to admit their
error, and " render unto Caesar the things that
are Caesar's."
The thought passed through my mind while this ,
discussion was going on, in regard to the late war
with Mexico. Now let us test this thing practi-
cally. It became necessary, during the war with
Mexico, for the President of the United States to
commission several generals from private life.
That was all right and proper. The exigencies
and emergencies of the time demanded it. But
they were taken from private life, and went into
the field with their epaulets, nodding plumes, and
sabers bright. But what did they know of field-
works and fortifications; of the complex and in-
tricate evolutions of the line; of the mode and
manner of attack and defense? Comparatively
nothing. Nine out of ten of them had never been
drilled in the first lessons of the " school of the
soldier." Yet, sir, they have all the courage and
bravery of the American citizen. They had the [
capacity but not the qualification to marshal the ]
embattled hosts placed under their command. '
And in this emergency what do we find, sir? I |
shall speak of facts, and nothing else but facts. Do
we behold those brave and patriotic generals call- 11
ing upon the civil departments of the country to
yield them support ? Do we find them inviting the j
plain and hard-fisted farmer, the learned doctor, !
the shrewd lawyer, or scientific mechanic, to a
ptace upon their staff? Did they go to the volun- ! I
teer regiments? No, sir. Where did they go, then, j
for that talent, capacity, and qualification neces- ;!
sary to render the regiments, brigades, and divis- !
ions under their command, prompt, powerful, and j
effective? They drew upon the regular «rmy ofj
the United States. There was not a general in !:
the Army but had his staff filled from the young
men educated at the expense of the Government
at West Point. And, sir, they owe a debt of
gratitude to those young men which they can never
repay. Their laurels would not have been quite
so green and enduring but for them. And why
was this done, sir? I appeal to the practical com-
mon sense of the House, and not in that dema-
gogical spirit which possesses the House more
or less at all times. It was because they had
weighed themselves in the balances, and found
themselves wanting in ability to discharge the del-
icate trust confided to their care. It was because
they knew the requisite qualification could alone
be found in the regular Army to conceive and exe-
cute the difficult movements of the Army, in and
out of action. They knew that their country's, as
well as their individual success, depended upon it.
These men were educated at the Military Acad-
emy, and were made to pass through a severe or-
i deal of four years' discipline and education in all
the arts as well as munitions and ordnance of war.
These, sir, are the reasons nf their appointment.
But, sir, a spirit of demagogism succeeded in
placing at the head of the,military establishments
at Springfield and Harper's Ferry, civil superin-
tendents instead of military men. Why were mili-
tary men placed there in the first place? Who
were they? They were men selected from the Ord-
nance Corps—who had been educated at West
Point, and who had trimmed the midnight lamp in
poring over abstruse science to enable them to
comprehend and understand the profession to which
their Government had assigned them. These are
they who have been selected to superintend these
establishments, the wisdom of which is vindicated
at a glance. But, sir, who are the men selected
from civil life? They are the village politician and
street loafer—the little, petty ambitious politician,
who expects to gain power and control in their ward
or ^>unty, by declaiming against and denouncing
the officers of the United States Army. Sir, is this
right? Without meaningany offense to any one, I
say my cheek would mantle with a blush, were I to
produce here the ex parte evidence arrayed by the
honorable gentleman from Connecticut, [Mr. In-
gersoll,] affidavits gotten up for the occasion by
some expectant of the superintendency of Spring-
field armory, in which the affiants complain that
they cannot read their Bibles under a military su-
perintendent. Oh, what a tyranny, and what a
theme for the demagogue to harangue the masses
upon! Will not the church and all good peo-
ple sympathize with those downtrodden people?
Now, sir, I do not believe one word of it. If they
had sworn that the military superintendent would
not let them get drunk, and, in the language of
the landlord, kick up a d -d fuss generally in
working hours, I would have believed them.
I do not wish to be understood as impeaching
the motives of the gentleman from Connecticut;
yet I must think that the characteristic good sense
of the gentleman has been imposed upon, and that
his sympathies have been unjustly ex cited, through
the imposition of the artful and designing. I can-
not think, upon reflection, that he can rely upon
the character of evidence submitted. It is no new
thing for men to complain of the Army and offi-
cers of the United States. It is very popular in
some latitudes, and with some men. I recollect
well when I first entered the Army. It is due to
candor to say at that time that this spirit was gen-
eral in the volunteer corps. And so strong were
the murmurings that I found myself imperceptibly
] drawn into it. In order to become popular in the
volunteer corps, it was thought to be necessary to
speak disparagingly of the officers of the regular
Army; to speak of them as a haughty, aristo-
cratic, tyrannical set. Upon my arrival in Mexico,
my command was placed under General Wool, a
man of inflexible will and purpose; a proud spirit,
and the best disciplinarian in the Army. I soon
found myself, like my whole command, impatient
of restraint and control. We wanted to read our
Bibles or not just as we pleased, and to chew our
tobacco and spit, when and where we pleased.
[Laughter.] We did not like to be ruled by the
Army regulations; and the complaints and mur-
murings which went up from the regiment would
have hushed into everlasting silence the down-
trodden and oppressed people of Harper's Ferry
and Springfield. But, sir, General Wool was
steadfast and immutable. After a while we saw
the beauty and necessity of law, order, and sub-
ordination. It was not long until the officers were
enabled to bring the regiment up to the true mil-
itary standard. And what was the result? Why,
all with one accord proclaimed the virtues and
merit of General Wool, and were as loud in his
praises as they had been in their murmurs.
Now, sir, all this complaint in relation to the
superintendency of those armories arises from
Prejudice and a downright demagogism, which
think and hope that the good sense of the House
will check, by permitting those establishments to
remain under the superintendence of military men.
Mr. PHELPS, (interrupting.) These are mil-
itary establishments; can the gentleman from Mis-
sissippi tell me why we should select military
officers to superintend manufacturing establish-
ments?
Mr. WILCOX. I will answer the gentleman.
It is true, theseare manufacturing establishments,
and they are for the manufacture of arms. I am
