THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
32d Congress, 2d Session*.
THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 3, 1853.
New Series....No. 30.
one of those who believe in politics as in religion,
or war, that we should render to Caesar the tilings
that are Caesar's. And when arms are to be man-
ufactured, to be used in the service of the country,
I think it far preferable to give the superintendency
lo a military man, who has been educated at the
expense of the Government with a view to that
service.
But, sir, I did not intend to occupy so much of
the time of the House when I arose. I felt that
my position, as a member of the Committee on
Military AtTair3, required me to say something.
Upon what does the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Gorman] predicate his remarks in this mat-
ter3 and where does he get the marvelous statis-
tics from which he has suomitted them ? It is from
an interested pamphlet, gotten up for the purpose,
as I suppose. It makes its appearance here with-
out any authentication.
Mr. GORMAN. By the permission of the gen-
tleman, f will say that what I read from that
pamph'et were extracts from the estimates of the
Ordnance Department of the Government, and
from the appropriation bills made by law.
Mr. WILCOX. My friend read from this little
pamphlet, and I find that it is not an official docu-
ment; and I should be exceedingly loath to predi-
cate my action upon a matter which was seriously
to affect a certain branch of this Government upon
any other than an official document. We have a
Secretary of War (Mr. Conrad) with whom I dif-
fer in politics. There is no political sentiment,
that I know, which I hold in common with him;
yet as the Secretary of War of the United States—
as a high public functionary of the Government—I
am unwilling to advocate such a change until I hear
a report from him to the Congress of the United
States, upon the subject. I must have an official
examination into this matter before I can vote to
change this superintendency. As the Legislature
of the country, before we act upon this matter, we
should pass a resolution calling upon the Secre-
tary of War for information concerning it, in order
that we may act intelligibly.
This matter was before the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs during the last session of Congress;
but I never gave my assent to the passage of such
an amendment; and I never can give my consent
to it, unless we have an official report upon the
subject, showing that there is need of such a
change, or some testimony more conclusive than
any yet presented to satisfy me that such a change
is necessary or desirable.
Mr. HALL. I feel it due to the relations I
bear to some of thepeople who are connected with
the armory at Harper's Ferry, to say a word or
two in behalf of their petition to Congress upon
this] system of military superintendents. I think
the gentleman from Mississippi [Mr. Wilcox]
is entirely wrong in supposing that this amend-
ment in favor of restoring the old system of civil
superintendents, springs from demagogish or
anti-military feeling. The men at Harper's Ferry
have told me repeatedly—and I think they have
as high a respect for the military as any set of
men—that owing to peculiar habits which military
men form in their association with the sold iers of the
Army, they are oppressive, and that their ways
are exceedingly disagreeable to those under their
command. Now, every gentleman must know
that this is the case; that a man whose business is
to order and command is not the best person to
have the control of men engaged in civil pursuits.
Mr. SUTHERLAND. Are these men com-
pelled to remain there?
Mr. HALL. The gentleman inquires if the
men at Harper's Ferry are compelled to remain?
I say they are compelled to remain, because their ,
peculiar habits of business unfit them for making
a livelihood anywhere else, or at any other em-
ployment. The people at Harper's Ferry do not
learn regular trades. They learn only a particular
branch of a trade. There are men there who make j
certain parts, or perform certain portions of labor
upon a gun-barrel, and they understand nothing ;
else, having, from their commencement in busi- j
ness, been engaged in that one line of business; 1
30
and so with other portions and kinds of work.
Hence, to gain a livelihood elsewhere, they would
have to learn an entirely new trade, because there
are no individual establishments which do suffi-
cient business of that kind to furnish men em-
ployment at their own kind of labor. So that, if
they leave their present places, they could not
live without learning a new trade, and that, too,
when they are perhaps forty or fifty years of age.
Then, 1 say, in answer to the inquiry of the gen-
tlejnan from New York, that the men at Harper's
Ferry and Springfield are compelled to remain
where they are, for the simple, but conclusive
reason, that they cannot make a livelihood any-
where else.
Now, sir, let me suppose that you should have
a military superintendent placed over the work
upon the Capitol, or over the erection of the wings
of the Patent Office. Would any gentleman sanc-
tion that? Would sound judgment approve of it.'
Is it not a principle of this Government to have a
military commander where the business is military
in its character, and there only? No one would
consent to place the Departments of the Govern-
ment under military heads. No one would choose
military men to manage every Executive Depart-
ment of the Government, and to be placed at the
head of every civil department and bureau. Now,
I contend that these armories are, to all intents and
purposes, civil establishments.
Why, sir, the gentlemen educated at West
Point, however skillful in tactics and versed in
the rules of war, do not know how to manufacture
guns. They know how to command men who
have guns in their hands, but they do not know
anything about making them. They are not me-
chanics; and in my belief, a good mechanic is far
bettef acquainted with what is requisite to consti-
tute and carry on a good armory, than are officers
of the Army.
But it is said by some gentlemen, that since the
armories have been under the control of military
men, the cost of producing arms and ordnance has
diminished. Why, sir, if gentlemen will take the
pains to inform themselves, they will find that the
cost has been diminishing ever since you estab-
lished armories at all. While the cost of other
kinds of manufactures has been steadily diminish-
ing, by the improvement of machinery, and the
application of principles of science to their pro-
duction, the cost of the manufacture of arms could
not but diminish. But it has been diminished, not
because you have had a military man at the head
of the establishment, but because you have had
new and improved machinery—because we have
made vast improvements in the mechanic arts gen-
erally. For such reasons has the cost of arms, as
well as everything else, been gradually but con-
stantly diminishing.
Now, sir, from what I have said, I cannot con-
cur in the doctrine that a man who has been edu-
cated at a military academy, is any better qualified
to discharge the duties of a superintendent of an
armory, than a citizen mechanic, nor as welL quali-
fied; because the one has had no training in that
particular branch of art—for it is not taught at
West Point—while the other has devoted the best
years of life in that branch of business. Gentle-
men educated at West Point know no more about
it than you or I do.
But, says the gentleman from North Carolina,
[Mr. Stanly,] if you restore the old system of
civil superintendents, you will have mass meet-
ings, stump speeches, political gatherings, and
everything of that kind. I want to know upon
what the gentleman bases this assertion ? Did
these things ever occur when you had the civil
system ? I tell the gentleman it is not so. I was
raised at Harper's Ferry, and I know all about it.
Mr. STANLY. If my friend will allow me,
my recollection is that such was the complaint
prior to 1840.
Mr. HALL. The gentleman from North Caro-
lina may be right, and the men employed in these
armories, under the old regime, may have been too
much engaged in politics; but such has not been
the case of late years, because the party spirit of I
the country has gone down. Revive the old party
spirit which prevailed during the times of General
Jackson, and the men at Harper's Ferry would
engage as zealously in politics as they did then.
But I come down to present times, and to things
about us, and ask the gentleman if he finds the
men employed upon the wings of the Capitol, or
of the Patent Office, or upon public works in Wash-
ington, quitting their work and holding public
meetings, and making stump speeches during
working hours ? Such is not the case. And why
does he suppose it would be so at Springfield or
Harper's Ferry?
Mr. STANLY. My friend is mistaken. Du-
ring the canvass of 1844, the public officers of this
city did leave their work, and went to Maryland,
Virginia, and all over the whole Union, making
stump speeches.
Mr. HALL. But the gentleman well knows
that those who did that were those who were re-
ceiving from the Government salaries of $1,000,
$1,^00 per annum and upwards, and not the hard
laborers for the Government at two dollars a day
— not the men who labor upon the erection of the
wings of our Capitol, or at Harper's Ferry, or
Springfield. They have'other business to attend
to, and, moreover, cannot afford to lose their time
in attending political meetings, and besides, their
habits are not congenial to such employments.
Would the gentleman have military superin-
tendents wherever the Government has work to
perform? Would he have them at the heads of
the Departments? Would he have military men
control all the work done in this District and every-
where else?
Mr. STANLY. I will answer my friend. We
do have military men, I suppose, to superintend
the erection of fortifications. That is a branch of
the engineering department; and they have civilians
walking under them to bring the brick and mor-
tar. I beg the gentleman to remember that the
cadets at West Point are taught chemistry and
mineralogy. They are taught to know iron and
its qualities, and of course they can tell when a
piece of iron is fit to be made into a musket or a
cannon.
Mr. HALL. I admit that it is right to have
military men superintend the erection of forts, be-
cause this is a part of the education of military
men, but it is no part of their education to learn
the construction of arms and ordnance. That be-
longs to practical mechanics. They only know
how to command men with arms in their hands.
| The gentleman seems, however, to think that the
education of these men at West Point qualifies
i them to judge of the materials at Harper's Ferry.
I Now, sir, I begto inform thegentleman, that neither
under the military or civil system does the super-
i intendent buy the material. That is done by the
Ordnance Department. And if they did, the gentle-
man's argument would not prevail, for when iron
is purchased for the armory, how do superintend-
ents know whether the iron is good, bad, or indif-
ferent ? They have a mechanic who understands
, the nature of iron, and who subjects it to certain
[ tests. If he reports it as good, it is accepted; if,
I on the contrary, he reports it bad, it is rejected.
It is true that he does not go through any chem-
ical analysis, but by the knowledge acquired by
j long practice and labor, he, a simple mechanic,
earning but one or two dollars a day, understands
! fully the process of determining its quality.
So how does themechanic, when he welds agun-
barrel, know whether it is good? Not by putting
it to a chemical test, but byputting it into a prov-
ing house and charging it with powder and ball.
Such are the ways of testing the quality of the
metal, and hence 1 say the argument of the gen-
tleman fails.
A great deal has been said about the relative
expense of the two systems. I admit that the ex-
pense of manufacturing guns has diminished, but
I repeat it is because the expense of all other sorts
of manufacturing has diminished. But I wish
the gentleman from North Carolina to answer
whether an additional expense has not been in-
curred under the military system which would
