1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4t>9
" THE TEHUANTEPEC GRANT.
The PRESIDENT. The hour has arrived for
the consideration of the special order of the day,
which is the unfinished business of yesterday,
being the resolutions reported from the Committee
on Foreign Relations in reference to the Tehuan-
tepec grant.
Mr. RUSK. I do not rise for the purpose of
making any motion on that subject, but to make
an appeal to the honorable Senatorfrom Louisiana,
who has the floor upon it. The Senator from
Mississippi [Mr. Brooke] desires to address the
Senate upon the subject, and so does the Senator
from New York, [Mr. Seward.] It is therefore
clear that we can come to 110 conclusion upon it
to-day. The Pacific railroad bill is a matter of
importance, which, I think, will not be debated
much further: and inasmuch as the Tehuantepec
question cannot be brought to a conclusion to-dav,
1 hope the honorable Senator will agree to let it go
over until Monday, at which time the Senator
from Mississippi desires to express his views.
On that day we can hear the Senator from Loui-
siana on the subject, and go on regularly with the
debate. It is, however, a matter dependent upon
himself, and under the circumstances, I shall in-
terpose no objection to -his going on to-day, if he
wishes it.
Mr. DOWNS. I would readily assent to the
request of the honorable Senator from Texas, but
I think the object he has in view can be accom-
plished in another wav. I wish to speak on this
subject, and 1 shall not speak long, probably not
an hour, certainly not more, and then the honora-
ble Senator can have his bill taken up and we can
go on with it. I would prefer that that course
should bepursued. The discussion on theTehuan-
tepec matter has reached such a stage that I would
prefer goinj on now.
Mr. RUSK. I shall not press my suggestion.
Mr. DOWNS then addressed the Senate at
?reat length, in favor of compelling Mexico to a
rigid adherence to her plighted faith to our citizens
under the Garav grant, sustainins all the views of
the report of Mr. Ma<ox on that subject. [His
speech will be found in the Appendix.]
Mr. SEWARD. This is a very important
question, perhaps qui teas important as any which
has engaged the attention of the Senate during
the present session. I desire to beheard upon it.
Mr. BADGER. Move to postpone it.
Mr. SEWARD. I am under the direction of
the Senate in that respect.
Mr. RUSK. I hope the Senator will move to
postpone the further consideration of the subject
ull Tuesday next.
Mr. SEWARD. I will move to postpone the
further consideration of the resolutions until Tues-
day next, and that they be made the special order
for that day.
The motion was agreed to.
RAILROAD TO THE PACIFIC.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the " bill for the pro-
' tection of the emigrant route and a telegraphic
' line; and for an overland mail between the Mis-
' souri river and the settlements in California and
' Oregon."
The pending question being on the amendment
reported from the Select Committee to strike out
nil after the enacting clause, and insert "the follow-
ing, and amend the title to read:
A bill to provide for the construction of a railroad and tel-
egraphic line from the valley of the Mississippi to the
Pacific ocean.
That it shall be the duly of the President of the United
Slates to cause to be constructed, so soon as it may be prac-
ticable after the passage of this act, a railroad and tele- t
graphic line connecting the valley of 'he Mississippi with
Die Pacific ocean, at such points as he may designate, and
apon the terms and conditions hereinafter prescribed. And |
i t shall t>c the duty of the "aid President to select the gen-
eral route for the said railroad and line, designating the moun-
tain passes between the Atlantic and Pacific oceansthrough
which they shall be constructed, but leaving the interme-
diate portions to be located by the individuals or companies
That shall be employed to construct the said road and tine ;
subject, however, to his approval. The said selection shall
be made at as early a day as may be practicable, consist-
ently with the judicious choice of the site of said road, !
sW such other preliminary arraagements as shall insure
the speedy prosecution and permanent construction of the
work. And that, in order to obtain the most accurate in- :
formation on the subject, the Prenident of the United States |
be. and he is hereby, authorized to employ such military :
officers and troops a* he may deem neces>ary, and also civil
engineer*, not exceeding ten in number* Provided, never-
tkelets, That before the said road shall be located or con- i
structed through any State, the consent of the Legislature
thereof to the provisions contained in this act, shall be first
had and obtained; and in selecung the site of the said road,
the President shall have due regard to the expense and
grades thereof, and the intercourse, commerce, military
defense, and protection ofthe whole country.
Sec. 2. And beit further enacted, That a right of way,
not exceeding three "hundred feet in width, be, and the same
is hereby, granted along the entire length of the proposed
railroad and telegraphic line, through the puohc lands in
the United States, to be held and set apart for the uses and
purposes ofthe said road and telegraphic line fore\er; and
that all stone, timber, and other materials, of whatsoever
character and description, on the public lands, in the viein
ity of said road and line, be, and the same are hereby,
made subject to the uses and purposes of said road and line,
as well in the construction thereof, as in supplying the
same with necessary furniture and machinery ; to be made
available, as occasion may require, by those employed in
the construction or the management and working of said
road and line.
Sec. 3. And le it finther enacted, That, lor the purpose
of aiding in the construction ofthe said railroad and line of
telegraph, there shall be, and are hereby, appropriated and
set apart alternate sections of the public lands, designated
by odd numbers, fors>ix miles on each side ofthe said road
where the same shall be constructed through any Stare or
States, and for twelve miles on each side of the said road
where the same «hall be constructed through the Territories
of the United States; and in cases where the public do-
main adjacent to the said road may not be sufficient to ena-
ble the Government to carry into effect the above provisions,
then, and in that event, any deficiency that may exist shall
be supplied from the public domain nearest to the point at
winch such deficiency shall exist, and be selected in alter-
nate sections, as aforesaid ; and a sum not to exceed twenty
millions of dollars, in bonds of the United State®, bearing
an interest of five per cent, per annum, and redeemable in
fitly years; the said lands and bonds to be made available
in the manner hereinafterprovided.
Sec. 4. And le it further enacted, That the said road
shall be constructed througN&ut in a thorough, substantial,
workmanlike manner, with all necessary drain-*, culvert*,
bridges, viaducts, crossings, turnouts, sidings, stations,
watering-places, and all otiicr appurtenants, including the
complete equipment of locomotives of sufficient -peed and
capacity, commodious and comfortable passenger cars and
height cars adapted to the business to be done; and said
contract shall so cover, in detail, all of these provisions, as
to secure the construction. maintenance, and equipment of
a road at a'l times equal, m both respect4, to a road of the
first cla<3, when thoroughly organized for business; and
shall also provHle,in a manner satisfactory to the President,
for the constant supervision of a sufficient number of com-
petent, skillful engineers, to be employed by said company ;
and also for the employment of engineers in the service of
the Government, as is herein provided, if he deems such a
measure expedient: the gauge of said road to be uniform
throughout, and of such a width as the President approves,
and the rails of the best quality, weighing not less than
sixty-four pounds to the yard, and of such form as he mnv
direct.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That, . o- oon a<* the
general route for the said road shall have been selected and
determined upon, it shall be the duty of the President ofthe
United States to cause advertisements to be published in at
least two ofthe newspapers in each ofthe States, specify-
ing the various descriptions of work to be done, and in-
viting sealed proposals to execute the same, winch pro-
posals -hall be opened and examined at a time fixed* not
exceeding six months after the date of such advertisements, i
in the presence of the heads of Departments and such other
persons as may desire to attend; and said road shall be let ;
to the lowest and best bidders, due regard being had to the
evidences of their ability to comply with the terms of their
contracts, and their trustworthiness in all respect*, together i
with the security they may offer for the faithful perform-
ance of their engagements.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That whenever fifty
miles of said road shall have been completed, in a manner
satisfactory to the President of the United States, he shall
cause a pro rata payment to be made, according to the t^rnis j
of the contract for the work so completed, in the bond* of |
the Government, issued under the provisions of this act, and j
by a grant of four fifths of the public lands to which the com- |
pletion of the said fifty miles may entitle said contractors, \
and so on for each successive fiflv miles, until the road shall ,
have been completed and the terms of their contracts com- ,
plied with, when they shall be entitled to receive the re- I
maining fifth of said public lands; and in the event of a |
failure on the part ofthe contractors to comply with the I
terms of their contracts and the provisions of this act, the |
road, together with the appurtenances, including the run- ■
ning machinery and means of transportation, shall be for- ;
feited and become the property of the United States; and, i
for the purpose of enabling the President of the United
States, at all times, to know whether the provisions of this
act, and the terms of the contracts, are being complied with,
he is authorized, from time to time, to appoint a suitable
number of engineers, as supervisors of the work, who shall,
under his direction, make thorough and minute examina-
tions ofthe work as it advances, and report to him, as often
as required, upon all matters and things submitted to their
charge.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That so soon as the
President shall determine who are the lowest and best bid-
ders for the construction of the said railroad and line of tele-
graph, and shall award the same, the said contractors shall
enter into bonds in such sums as he may designate, with
such security as he may approve, for the construction of
such railroad and line of telegraph, according to the terms
and conditions of this act, and such further terms as the
President may prescribe, designating the length of road to
he finished in each year, and providing that, in addition to j,
the recovery of any and all penalties which may be desig-
nated in the bond, the said company shall, upon failure to
comply with the terms ofthe contract, forfeit to the United
States the wud railroad and line of telegraph, with ail their
1 appurtenances, including running machinery and means of
I transportation. And in case of any such failure, the Presi-
I dent ofthe United States shall readvertise, and relet to other
contractors, so much of said railroad and line of telegraph as
1 may remain unfinished, conforming, as nearly as maybe,
111 all respects to the provisions of t his act.
Pre. 8. And be it further enacted, That,in consideration
of the grant of the lands aforesaid, and the payment of the
bonds before mentioned, the said company shall at all
times, and as often as required, transport on said road, and
every part of the same, as soon as any part or tho whole
may be finished, the mails, troops, seamen, officers of the
Army and Navy, and officers or agents of the Government,
and of the Post-Office Department, while on duty, arms',
ammunition, munitions of war, Army and Navy stores
funds, or property belonging to the Government of the United
States, free from all charges to the Government, giving the
United States at all times the preference; and shall also
transmit all official messages from the Government to any
of its officers, orfVom such officers to the Government, over
said telegraphic line, free of chaige. But should a case of
emergency arise in consequence of a war with any foreign
nation, in which the Government may require an extraor-
dinary amount of transportation, jeoparding the fair divi-
dends and profits ofthe contractors, in that event the Presi-
dent is hereby authorized to make an equitable and just
allowance for such additional service ; and should the
President and the company be unable to agree upon the
came, then the matter shall be referred to, and be deter
mined by Congress.
Set. 9. And beit further enatted, That the said railroad
and telegraph shall be completed in the shortest reasonable
ume, not exceeding ten years ; that the bidders for the con-
struction of the same shall specify in their proposals the
time required to complete the said road and line of tele-
graph, and the number of miles which they propose to com-
plete annually, which shall also be inserted in the contract;
and that Congress may at any time after the expiration of
thirty years from the ume said toad and line of telegragh
may be completed, require the said company to surrender
to the United States the said road and line of telegraph,
with their equipments, appurtenances, and furniture, upon
trie payment to the said company ofthe co*t of construction
ofthe same, allowing ten per cent, profit upon their invest-
ments, deducting from the whole cost ot' said road tho
amount ofthe bonds paid to tha said company and the pro-
ceeds ofthe lands grauted to them. And Congress may at
all times regulate the tolls to he charged upon passenger*
and freights, so as, with an economical management ofsaui
road, not to reduce the profits of said company below eight
per cent, upon the investment, deducting therefrom the ad-
vances made by the Government towards the construction
of the same.
Sec. 10. And be further enacted. That the >-aid com
pany, after they shall have commenced receiving tolls, shall
be bound at all times to keep the said road provided with
a sufficient number of suitable engines, cars, and vehicles,
for the transportation of persona and property, which, to-
gether with the road, shall be kept in good repair, and shall
be obliged to receive at all proper times and places, persons
and merchandise, and convey the same when the prescribed
toll* therefor shall be paid or tendered ; and in the event of
non-payment of tolls or passage-money, after persons or
merchandise shall have been transported, the said company
shall have a right of lien on all baggage or other propeity
so transported, and may retain and sell the same, if neces-
sary; and, in case of sale, shall return the proceeds thereof
to the owners of said property, after deducting the amount
of tolls or passage-money due, together with the neccssary
expenses of the sale.
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, That Congress may,
at anv time hereafter, authorize individuals, companies, or
States, to form a connection between said railroad and any
railroad or railroads under their control, respectively: Pro-
vided,, That the locomotives, engines, cars, and other
vehicles 011 said road or roads shall be so constructed as to
conform to the gauge of the said proposed railroad: And
jrrovided, also, That the passengers and merchandise or
commodities conveyed on such road or roads shall he sub-
jected to the charges for transportation which shall be estab-
lished on said proposed railroad, and such other regulations
as may be made by Congress upon this subject.
Sec. 1*2. And be it farther enacted, That the said com
pany shall keep books in which shall be entered regular
statements of all disbursements, expenditures, and receipts,
setting forth specifically the causes of said expenditures and
sources whence said receipts are derived, together with a
particular account of ail accidents that may occur affecting
property or life, or causing delays upon the road; which
books shall be open at all tunes* to the inspection of the
President of the United States, the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, or members of Congress. And the said company shall '
make a report annually, to the Secretary of the Treasury,
on the first day of October in each year, stating minutely
and in detail the operations of the year preceding, accom-
panied by an exhibit of the fiscal concerns thereof, and a
statement of the profits of the said road and telegraph,
which shall be attested by the oaths of the treasurer and
directors of the company, which shall be transmitted to
Congress by the said Secretary at the beginning of the next
session thereafter.
Sec. 13. And be it further enacted, That, for the pur-
poses of this act, the contractors, their associates and suc-
cessors, are hereby created and constituted a body-politic
and corporate by the name of "The Pacific Railroad and
Telegraph Company," by which name they may sue and be
sued, plead and be impleaded, and have and enjoy all proper
remedies at law and in equity, may organize and electsuch
officers as they may deem necessary, and have and use a
common seal; they may also open books and issue certifi-
cates of stock, and perform all other acts necessaiy to carry
into effect the provisions herein contained : Provided,how-
ever, That the provisions of this act shall have no force nor
efTect whatever within the iMvit* of any State without the
consent of U.l L.gi-i iruu of said State previously had and
obtained. „ ,
Sec. 14. And be it further enacted, That as the said
road progresses, the President of the United States shall
