1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
471
authorizing the construction of die road at all, until
we get some other information by explorations
made by engineers of the Government, or civil
engineers to lie appointed by the President, it is
useless to proceed any further. That is in its
nature prior to any consideration of a bill to au-
thorize the construction of the road. It ought to
be ko; and I hope the Senator from Pennsylvania
w ill find some word in the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Texas, which may be left standing to
hang his amendment upon, so that we may decide
the question which he presents. I wish it may
be so. 1 shall be very ready to meet that question.
Mr. BRODHEAD. 1 thought my proposition
was well understood, not only by the Chair, but
by the Senate. When we offer a proposition such
as I submit, it is well understood that we leave the
word " thatin the amendment.
Mr. BELL. Then it is in order.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Then it is in order; but if
leaving the word " that " is not sufficient, I can
amend the amendment of the committee by adopt-
ing the words " that it shall be the duty of the
President of the United States," and putting my
amendment to that. I propose a reconnoissance
and survey as a preliminary measure, and we
ought to take a vote upon that as a preliminary
proposition. I ask for the reading of the amend-
ment which I propose.
Mr. DAVFS. I understand the Senator from
Pennsylvania to move to strike out all of the
amendment after the enacting clause. That I
think is in order; but it leaves it open to the Sen-
ate to amend the amendment itself, so as to perfect
it as much as they please before any question is
taken upon his proposition. • When the Senate
has amended the amendment, and matured it, so
that they are satisfied with it, then will come up
the question upon his motion, which is a question
■whether or not his proposition shall stand instead
of the amendment of the committee,and if adopted,
go into the bill as such. In other words, his
proposition would take the place of the amend-
ment of the committee, and would finally, if
adopted, be a substitute for the bill in general. It
seems to me that the way is all clear enough. If
any Senator wishes to amend the amendment of
the committee, he can do so. The Senator from
Pennsylvania can let his proposition stand, and
when the amendment of the committee is matured,
then the question will come up upon his amend-
ment.
Mr. BRODHEAD. That is the course which
I propose. I ask for the reading of the amend-
ment which I offer. The Senate can then proceed
and perfect the amendment submitted by the hon-
orable Senator from Texas from the Select Com-
mittee, and when it is perfected, I want a vote
upon the preliminary proposition which I offer.
Mr. Brodhead's amendment to the amendment
is as follows:
To strike out all after the word " that," and insert:
The Secretary of War be, and he is hereby, authorized,
trader the direction of the President of the United States,
tn employ sach portion of the Corps of Topographical En-
gineers, and such other persons as he may deem necessary,
to make a reconnoissance and survey of the most practica-
ble and economical route for arailroad from the Mississippi
river to the Pacific ocean, and that the sum of $100,000 be,
and the same is hereby, appropriated oat of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to defray the ex-
pense of such exploration and survey.
Mr. ADAMS. I concur in the suggestion made
by the Senator from Massachusetts with regard to
the question of order. I understand that when a
motion is made to strike out all after the enacting
clause of a bill, and insert a substitute, it will be
in order; but before we take a vote upon the prop-
osition, the original bill is subject to amendment,
so that it may be perfected before the substitute is
voted upon. When it is perfected by the reading
of it through, section by section, and by votes
upon amendments to it, then the proposed substi-
tute comes up and is alike subject to amendment
as the original proposition, before the final vote is
taken upon it as a substitute, so as to perfect it.
It is very important that we sheuld be governed
by parliamentary rules in reference to this matter.
The object is obvious to every one, that before
the substitute is voted upon, the original prop-
osition shall be made as perfect as the body
can make it; and that then, by a similar perfection
of the substitute, there may be a fair vote and test
between the substitute which is offered, and the i
original proposition. At the proper time the prop-
osition of the Senator from Pennsylvania will be
perfectly in order, after we shall have gone through !;
the original proposition and perfected it. That I ;.
understand to be the rule.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I think we can get at this
matter very easily if we proceed regularly. We
have now a bill pending and a substitute for the
bill. It is true it is in order to perfect the original
bill; but the original bill is abandoned by its
friends; therefore it is only necessary to perfect
the substitute, and that perfected, the question will
be, Shall this substitute be taken for the original
bill? All against this railroad project will vote
" no." If that is voted down, then the substitute
of the Senator from Pennsylvania will be in order,
and we get a test vote, whether this bill shall pass
or not, upon the vote on the substitute of the com-
mittee for the original bill. If we determine in
favor of this, that, too, decides the question, and
the amendment of the Senator never will come in
order; if, on the contrary, we decide against the
amendment of the committee—if it be voted down,
his amendment will be in order. I think, therefore,
we had better proceed in regular order, according
to the rules.
Mr. TOUCEY. I would suggest that, by gen-
eral consent, the object of the Senator can be carried
out, by prefixing an enacting clause to this amend-
ment, and then proceeding with it as an original
bill. It will then be subject to amendment, and
the amendment will be subject to amendment.
By general consent, I think the difficulty could be
obviated in that manner.
Mr. RUSK. I object to that proposition. I
am anxious to get a vote upon the proposition
before the Senate. If we substitute it as an ori-
ginal bill, we complicate the question, and an
amendment can be offered, and an amendment to
an amendment. So far as I am concerned, I am
willing to meet at this moment, or any time, the
proposition of the Senator from Pennsylvania,
which he chooses to designate as a " preliminary"
measure for the construction of the road. It is
offered for the defeat of the bill. It can have no
other effect and force. I do not charge any mo- i
tives upon the Senator, but that is precisely the j
effect it will have—to defeat the bill for the
present session of Congress. If it is defeated, then ,
there is a majority of the Senate who are against 1
the construction of a railroad to the Pacific. If
they do not wish to consume the time of the Sen-
ate, if there is a majority of the Senate against it,
I am willing to have the question decided now. If
we had time, I should like to go into an argument ,
upon this subject, because this brings up the argu- I
ment on the whole question. I would like to go
into an argument upon this bill to show the com-
mercial necessity, the political necessity, and the J
national necessity, which exists for the construc-
tion of this road upon the best plan which Con-
gress can unite, in adopting. I should like, also,
to give some reasons upon the subject which would
affect the honorable Senator from Pennsylvania
and his constituents greatly; and not only affect
them individually, but the country at large. If
the bill for the construction of this road passes, it
will require at least $10,000,000 worth of iron. 1
That would be five per cent, on an investment of
$200,000,000 of capital. Well, sir, if the Senator
from Pennsylvania chooses to throw obstructions
in the way of a measure which would so much
benefit his own State, I object to his throwing ob-
structions in the way of what will benefit the Uni-
ted States. Iron is an important item with our
people. It is important for domestic purposes in
time of peace, and all-important in time of war;
and we shall need it all over the country, and on the
Pacific ocean. The construction of this road will
invest more capital, my word for it, in the manufac-
ture of iron, than all your tariffs can ever accom-
plish in that respect, because it will give the means
of laying down your iron all along that road to the
Pacific ocean, at a cheaper rate than it can be pro-
cured from any foreign country. Besides that, it ;
will hold out permanent inducements for invest-
ments in iron manufactories. But I will not now
consume the time of the Senate. I am anxious to
get a vote, and have the question decided.
Mr. MANGUM. I regard the amendment
proposed by thehonorable Senator from Pennsyl-
vania as in all respects properly characterized by I
the honorable senator from Texas. It is to try
this question: whether, in a general bill, provid-
j ing for the construction of the entire road, these
I preliminary questions may be settled, or whether
you will isolate the preliminary arrangements from
any general bill, and legislate after the explora-
tions and surveys shall have been made. I am
perfectly willing to meet that question at once. I
differ in that respect from my honorable friend
from Texas. If it be the sense of the body to
pass any law for the purpose of constructing a
road, that sense can be tested upon the proposi-
tion of the Senator from Pennsylvania.
Mr. RUSK. The Senator will allow me to
explain. The first section of my bill provides
that the President of the United States shall select,
the general route for the road. Prior to his doing
that, in order to enable him to do it judiciously and
properly, the whole of the Topographical Corps,
and as many as ten civil engineers, are placed at
his disposal, for the purpose of being used prelim-
inarily for satisfying his judgment as to what is
the proper route. *
Mr. MANGUM. I understand that; and in
that respect the amendment reported by the Sen-
ator from Texas embraces substantially every-
thing proposed by the Senator from Pennsylvania,
with this addition: that the Senate is now called
upon to vote upon the policy of constructing a
road, in the event that a practicable route shall be
found.
The amendment of the Senator from Texaa
leaves, as 1 think must be left by any proposition,
a large discretion to the President of the United
States. That must be done; but at the same time,
if we pass that proposition, we provide for going
on with the work as soon as a proper and practi-
cable route may be found. As at present advised,
after listening to the discussion upon the subject,
I am very much inclined to go for that proposi-
tion, and to go for arranging everything in one bill.
According to the proposition of the Senator from.
Texas, if the route should be found practicable,
further legislation will not be necessary; but ac-
cording to the plan of the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania, it will be necessary. So that, deciding at
this time between the proposition offered by the
Senator from Pennsylvania, and that which is re-
ported by the Senator from Texas, decides simply
this question: Are we willing to go into the mat-
ter of the railroad at once—for all these prelimi-
nary matters are provided for by the amendment
of the Senator from Texas—or do we desire to
postpone any definitive action upon the question
of making the road, so as to have the preliminary
matters first arranged ? I am perfectly willing to
meet the question at once, and I shall vote against
the amendment of the Senator from Pennsylvania.
Mr. BRODHEAD. My honorable friend from
Texas, and the honorable Senator from North
Carolina,perfectly understand the purport of this
amendment. It is to defeat the bill presented by
the honorable Senator from Texas.
Mr. MANGUM. We understand that, and
that question we are ready to meet.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I offer it for this reason:
I do not believe that any wise company, or any-
wise Government, has ever yet commenced a work
of this magnitude—a railroad of half this length,
without first ascertaining its practicability. Now,
I propose to have a reconnoissance and survey of
this route as a preliminary measure, and then to
have the future action of Congress, and not of the
President, based upon that reconnoissance and
survey. There is that difference between the two
propositions. I believe that before Congress acts
definitively on the subject, we should havearecon-
noissance and survey. As the immediate repre-
sentatives of the people—as those who vote the
people's money—Congress ought to know upon
what object, and for what purposes, that money is
to be expended. The proposition which I sub-
mitted is, in my judgment^ the proper mode to
commence a railroad to the Pacific ocean. It is
the way all our people, all our companies, and
the State governments,commencetheconstruction
of railroads, and other works of internal improve-
ment.
A word now to my honorable friend from Tex-
as in regard to the iron for this road. We of
Pennsylvania expect to furnish a considerable
portion of iron for this road when it is built, but
we want to commence in the right way, so that
we can furnish the proper quantity. We can do
so as well as any others; but I presume that if
iron is desired to make this road, a very consid-
erable quantity of it will come from Missouri.
Missouri is much nearer the terminus of the road
