472
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 2,
than Pennsylvania; but notwithstanding this, we
hope to furnish a considerable portion of it. If
we can furnish it as cheaply as anybody else, we
expect to be called upon to do so; but that has
nothing to do with the question as to the proper
mode of commencing this road.
Mr. BORLAND. I do not often disagree with
my friend from Pennsylvania, and I am very sorry
to do so on this occasion; but it seems to me that
when he comes to review the position he has taken,
he will be very apt to abandon it; at least, in my
opinion, it will be proper for him to do so; and I
think he will be compelled to do so, unless he as-
sumes a hostile attitude towards the building of
theyoad at all. Now, I ask him, does he desire
that this road shall be built? If his proposition
should be adopted as a substitute for the bill, and
the surveys and explorations should be made, and
they should establish the fact that there is a prac-
ticable route to the Pacific ocean, will he then go
for making the railroad upon that route? That is
the point. If he says, that after the explorations
shall have been made, and a practicable route shall
have been found, he will be opposed to the build-
ing of a road according to the plan proposed by
the Senator from Texas, or any other, then, in
my opinion, his course is the right one to accom-
plish his object, and to defeat the whole proposi-
tion. But if he holds himself ready, when a prac-
ticable route shall be established, to go for the con-
struction of the road, it seems to me that he is
bound to go for the proposition of the Senator
from Texas, because that provides for precisely
what his amendment provides. It makes provis-
ion for the preliminary surveys and explorations,
and according to it the road cannot be located, and
cannot be made until the President shall have sat-
isfied himself by the use of the means proposed,
that the route is practicable, and the best and most
economical. All that the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania proposes, is provided for in the proposition
of the Senator from Texas now under considera-
tion.
Besides, that has this advantage over hispropo-
sition: It not only provides for what his does,
but it goes further. It makes provision for a pre-
liminary exploration and survey, and then pre-
vents the loss of time, by directing the immediate
construction of the road as soon as the practica-
bility of a route shall have been ascertained. I
think we have put off this exploration too long.
As I remarked the other day, as far back as 1848,
by direction of the Committee on Public Lands, I
reported precisely such a proposition as the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania now brings forward. That
was five years ago. Twice afterwards that com-
mittee reported the same thing; and it was urged
more than once upon the attention of the Senate.
That was the time when we ought to have made
the preliminary surveys and explorations. I am
not for losing any more time. I wish to connect
the preliminary survey with provision for the con-
struction of the road, as soon as we have the ne-
cessary information. It seems to me, therefore,
that the Senator from Pennsylvania will either
have to take the position that he is forever against
the construction of this road, or he will have to
withdraw his amendment.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I will judge of the practi-
cability of making a railroad, after the reconnois-
sance and surveys shall have been made; and I
will not agree to refer that power to the President I
of the United States. Representing the tax-paying
people, I choose to judge of that question for my- |
self. The people whom I represent being obliged .
to pay for the road, I choose to act upon that [
question, and not to-refer it to the President of the
United States. We have had some experience in !
Pennsylvania upon the subject of commencing in- :
ternal improvements with little consideration. The I
improper and injudicious system of internal im- !
movements adopted by many of the States has !
led to results which are known to the country j
The people have felt these results, and they wili I
continue to feel them in the shape of unmitigated !
taxation.
Mr. WELLER. There can scarcely be any
doubt, after the remarks which have been made
by the Senator from Pennsylvania, that he is en-
tirely opposed to the construction of a railroad
such as is now proposed by the Select Committee
of which the honorable Senator froth Texas is
chairman. It is true that this amendment has
been offered, as has been alleged, in good faith,
with a view to ascertain the practicability of that
country for the construction of a railroad; but it
cannot be concealed that that Senator's object is
to defeat entirely the prosecution of this work.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I disavow any such pur-
pose. I do not say that I am forever opposed to
the commencement and construction of a railroad
from the Mississippi to the Pacific ocean; but I
object to undertaking it on the part of the General
Government until the preliminary surveys shall
have been made.
Mr. WELLER. The course pursued by the
Senator demonstrates what I have already said,
that he has but one object in view, and that is to
prevent the prosecution of this work. If that Sen-
ator took the enlarged view which I trusted that
he would take of all the interests of this country,
he would have seen at once that that portion of
the Union from which he comes, as well as the
other portioiR of the Confederacy, are interested
in the completion of this road. Why is this
amendment offered now > It will take some two
or three years to make this preliminary examina-
tion which the Senator from Pennsylvania desires.
Why is it that he wishes to consume so large a
portion of time in making this preliminary exam-
ination ?
The bill reported by the Senator from Texas,
from the Select Committee on the subject, requires
that such an examination shall be made, and that
if a route be found to be practicable, the President
of the United States shall enter into contracts for
the consftuction of the road. What is the objec-
tion to that? Does the Senatorfrom Pennsylvania
distrust the President elect? Is he unwilling to
take the President of his own choice, and make
him a judge of the fact whether, upon this exami-
nation, a route be practicable? Is he unwilling to
take the man who has been selected as the repre-
sentative of the great body of the people of Amer-
ica, to decide whether the public interests will be
advanced by the construction of the road? Yet,
sir, the Senator from Pennsylvania has chosen to
occupy the position, that no other power except
the legislative power of this Government shall de-
cide upon the reconnoissances of the engineers, as
to the practicability of a route. I had hoped, sir,
j that the Senator from Pennsylvania would have
; more confidence in the President who has just been
' selected? Does he believe that, if, upon the re-
connoissance, it shall be found that a route is im-
practicable, the President of the United States,
j watching over the interests of the whole country,
| would persist in the construction of the road? Is
: that his opinion ? This distrust, it seems to me,
j comes with a very bad grace from the Senator
from Pennsylvania.
Those who are the friends of this bill, under-
stand the object which that Senator has in view.
It is to defeat all action upon the subject by Con-
gress at this session; and if that be so, I trust no
Senator will doubt as to the proper course to be
j pursued. Sir, I am willing to trust this whole
question, after such an examination shall have
been made, with the President who has just been
selected by the people of the United States to
watch over the public interests. I am willing to
confide in him, as one who will look not partic-
ularly to the section of the Confederacy from
whence I come, but to the interests of the whole
country, and who, when called upon to act, will
regard himself as the representative of the whole
Republic.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I desire to observe to my
friend from California, and to the Senate, that I
have as much confidence in the President elect as
he possibly can have; but I do not wish to de-
volve upon him a duty which properly appertains
to the immediate representatives of the people, as
do all questions relating to taxation.
Mr. HAMLIN. It seems to me that this ques-
tion is unlike any other which has been presented
to us, and that it is totally different fromany which
has been presented to any separate State for its ac-
tion, and that there are ample and adequate reasons
why we should commence a work of this charac-
ter without such a survey as the proposed amend-
ment designates, and which will control my vote
upon the amendment. Let me allude very briefly
to sortae of them.
In the first place, I have no doubt of the prac-
ticability of more than one route across this conti-
nent to the Pacific; nor do 1 care much where that i
route is. I desire to see a road constructed much
j more than I desire to quarrel about where it shall
be located; and I think that is a consideration
which should be in the mind of every Senator, and
which should rise superior to, and above every
locality. We are tola that we shall be embar-
rassed if we order this road to be built without a
preliminary survey. That preliminary survey,
as my friend from California has just said, will
take several years. However this road may be
built, the individuals who may be connected with
it have got to risk their own private fortunes in it;
and men who go there to risk in it their fortunes,
will be more certain to find a better location than
all the surveys which you can order from now till
a period of time shall expire when the road could
be built. The interest of men who involve their
own fortunes is the best guarantee that the best
route will be selected.
But it is said, that in looking abroad at various
States, we find that they have become embarrassed
in consequence of systems of internal improve-
ments. Does that furnish any argument against
the measure of the Senator from Texas, and in
favor of the preliminary survey? I trust not.
Let me inquire of the Senator from Pennsylvania
if any of the embarrassments under which his
State may be suffering have arisen in consequence
of the want of surveys, as to where a road should
go ? I judge not. A great road may be made
where there is no commerce, and it will pay noth-
ing. A good road may be made where there is
commerce, and it may beinjured by making later-
al branches where there is no business, and thus
the value of the road which is good will be de-
stroyed. We know now, just as well as we shall
know after a survey, what are the objects to be
accomplished by a road across our continent.
We should not care whether it be a paying road
or not. There are considerations that rise above
the payment of dividends on this road. The em-
barrassments of the States, I insist, have not arisen
in consequence of the want of surveys, or from
improper surveys; but have arisen in consequence
of making roads where there was no commerce;
or after having madegood roads, making branches
which sink the value of the original trunk.
We want to bind the western and eastern sides
of this continent together by a band of iron. We
want it for commercial purposes; and after the vote
shall have been taken on this question, I propose
to offer, not a substitute, but another amendment
which, at the proper time, I shall discuss very
briefly. I trust that whatever may be the final ac-
1 tion of the Senate, the dividends which any road
across this continent may pay, will be the last con-
sideration that will enter into the judgment of the
Senate. I want to see a road that will pay no
dividends at all, and will be subject to no tolls at
all, beyond those necessary for keeping the
road in repair. Sir, we want to make the com-
merce of the Indies and the commerce of Eu-
rope tributary to us; and to do that, and for the
purpose of perfecting the channel over which the
commerce of the eastern and the western world
shall pass, I am willing to make great and liberal
i grants. If we are to stop, and pause and con-
sider, if we are to be deterred in our course, be-
cause we do not know precisely the termini of this
road, or the precise direction which it should take
as it may progress in its construction, we may lose
this commerce. I am willing to make liberal ap-
propriations, and I would make them from the
public lands for the purpose; and after they are
made, I would have this highway a great thor-
oughfare, and there should be no tolls either upon
person or upon freight other than those which
should be just adequate to keep the road in repair.
That is my view, and at the proper time I mean to
enforce that view upon the Senate.
The bill which the honorable Senator from
•Texas has reported, has many provisions which
1 like, but there is one provision of which I do
not approve. It gives the company too much
power; it grants them authority to place upon the
road tolls at too high a rate. But that is a matter
which I do not propose to discuss now. I have
only stated these reasons as sufficient, in my judg-
ment, to justify me in voting against the amend -
, ment of the Senator from Pennsylvania.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, I do not pur-
pose to discuss the merits of the bill of the Senator
from Texas, but it seems to me that the question
whether this work is practicable or not, includes
the question of its probable cost. It is certainly
