1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
475
Jones and the other children (if any) of John
Carr;
S. N<>. 276. An act for the relief of Colonel
James R. Creecy;
S. No. 194. An act for the relief of Jacob
Young;
S. No. 176. An act for the relief of William
Bed lent, late a sergeant in the fourth artillery;
8. No. 204. An act for the relief of Guion &
McLaughlin;
S. No. 234. An act for the relief of James
Gi vim;
S. No. 195. An act for the relief of Margaret
Farrar;
S. R. No. 16. A resolution for the relief of Al-
exander Y. P. Garnett;
S. No. 244. An act for the relief of the heirs of
the late Major Thomas Noel, United States Army;
S. No. 98. An act for the relief of Sarah D.
Mackay;
S. No. 70. An act for the relief of the widows
and relatives of certain officers and seamen of the
United States brig Washington, who were lost
overboard in a hurricane;
S. No. 582. An act concerning bail in civil causes
ill the District of Columbia;
S. No. 152. An act for the relief of Mary B.
Renner, administratrix of Daniel Renner, de-
ceased ; and
S. No. 407. An act for the relief of Jim Capers.
NEBRASKA TERRITORY.
The bill for the organization of Nebraska Ter-
ritory was received, and read a first and second
time by its title.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I move that it be re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, and that it be printed.
The question was then taken, and he motion
was agreed to.
Mr. HALL. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to report a bill relating to the Territory
of Oregon, so that it may be printed, and come up
with the territorial business next week.
Mr. MACE. I object to everything out of or-
der until after the committees have had a chance
to report.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House to offer the following
resolution:
Retolred, That from and after to-day, this House will
bold niaht sessions, to be devoted to calling committees'fer
reports," until all the committees have been once called :
Provided, Tiiat no bill or resolution reported under this
order shall be put upon its passage, unless by the unani-
mous consent of the House, a quorum being present: Pro-
vided further, That any bill or resolunon reported and pro-
posed to be put upon its passage, if objected to, may be
withdrawn by the member reporting it.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I make the point of order,
after the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Mace] has
demanded that the House shall proceed with the
regular order of business, that it is not competent
for the gentleman from Tennessee to offer his res-
olution. I understood the gentleman from Indiana
to say that he would object to everything except
the regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the point
of order made by the gentleman from North Car-
olina, [Mr. Clijtgman.] The question now pend-
ing is the motion made by the gentleman from
North Carolina [Mr. Stanly] to lay the resolu-
tion for closing the debate on the Army bill upon
the table.
Mr. HOUSTON. I demand the yeas and nays
upon that motion.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. COBB demanded tellers; which were or-
dered; and Messrs. Harris, of Tennessee, and
Richardson were appointed.
The question was then taken on laying the res-
olution upon the table, and there were—ayes 83,
noes 35.
So the resolution was laid upon the table.
COINAGE.
The SPEAKER. The business now in order
is Senate bill No. 271, entitled " An act amenda-
tory of existing laws relative to the half dollar,
the quarter dollar, the dime, and the half dime,"
upon which the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Dunham] is still entitled to the flo#r.
Mr. DUNHAM concluded his remarks in favor
of the bill. [His speech will be found in the Ap-
pendix.]
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, then obtained
the floor.
Mr. DUNHAM. Before yielding the floor, 1
wish to inquire whether I have a right to offer the
amendment which I submitted yesterday, as an
additional amendment instead of as an amendment
to the amendment?
The SPEAKER. It will not be in order until
the original amendments are disposed of.
Mr. DUNHAM. It was offered at the same
time, and my intention was to offer it as one of
the amendments. 1 believe I had a right to do
that.
The SPEAKER. That has been a practice in-
dulged in only by unanimous consent. The amend-
ment could not come in regularly and strictly under
the rule.
Mr. DUNHAM. Well, sir, it is a very small
matter. It is only to authorize the treasurer of
the Mint to purchase copperin the form of bullion
or planchets. I presume there will be no objec-
tion to considering the amendment.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection, it
will be considered as regularly before the body.
Messrs. FREEMAN and LETCHER ob-
ected.
Mr. FREEMAN. Is it in order to move that
the bill and amendments be referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
The SPEAKER. That motion is already pend-
ing, and the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. John-
son] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. FREEMAN. Well, then, I move that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee has the floor, and it is not in order for the
gentleman to make the motion.
Mr. FREEMAN. Will the gentleman from
Tennessee give way to enable me to make that
motion ?
Mr. JOHNSON. If it is the desire of gentlemen
to go into committee, and take up the Army ap-
propriation bill, I will yield for that purpose,
i Mr. FREEMAN. Then I move to go into the
Committeeof the Whole on the state oftheUnion.
Mr. STANLY. If that motion is voted down,
what will be the business in order?
The SPEAKER. Reports from committees.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Why, we shall
have to go on with this bill.
The SPEAKER. Certainly. This bill will be
in order as an unfinished report.
Mr. STANLY. Well, sir, I hope w$ shall
finish it.
Mr. HENN. I call for tellers upon the motion
of the gentleman from Mississippi.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Watkins
and Smart were appointed.
The question was then put upon Mr. Free-
man's motion, and it was decided in the negative;
the tellers having reported—ayes 64, noes 68.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON. The bill underconsideration
is one which, according to my understanding of it,
I am decidedly opposeid to. It is not my purpose
to apply epithets to it, or to make use of language
with regard to it which would not be exactly suit-
able to the discussion of subjects here. But I
look upon it as the merest quackery—as the veri-
est charlatanism—so far as the currency of the
country is concerned. The idea of Congress fix-
ing the value of currency is an absurdity, not-
withstanding the language of the Constitution—
not the meaning of it. The Constitution of the
United States declares that Congress shall have
power " to coin money, regulate the value thereof,
and of foreign coin, and fix the standard of weights
and measures."
What was the object of putting that provision
in the Constitution ?
Sir, when the Constitution was framed, each
one of the Colonies had the power to coin its own
money, and there would, consequently, have been
coins of a different kind. The power was, there-
fore, conferred upon the General Government to
coin money. And for what purpose ? For the
express purpose of making the coins uniform.
The express purpose was to furnish coins which
should be understood in all the States to contain so
much metal. The great object was to have a uni-
form currency—a coin that was uniform in its
value. Well, what is it proposed to do now?
What is to be the uniform value of the coin ? It
is not the mere fact of Congress coining a piece of
money, and stamping " five dollars" upon it, that
fixes the value. But they can stamp it, and in
fixing that stamp, say to the country, and to the
commercial world, that it contains so much stand-
ard silver or standard gold—the standard being
agreed upon and fixed before the coin is made—
and that is all that it can do.
If we go back to the year 1834, we find that the
standard of gold at that period was nine hundred
parts pure gold, whilst the other one hundred parts
were half silver and half copper. Those put to-
gether made what was called standard gold. Prior
to the year 1834, our five-dollar pieces contained
, of this standard, gold two hundred and seventy-
grains. Well, what did that say to the trading
community, to the commercial world? It said,
" Here is a piece of metal bearing the impress of
the Government upon it, purporting to be five
dollars, but containing two hundred and seventy-
grains of standard gold." The community un-
derstood its value. Congress did not fix the value.
Congress merely stamped upon it how much gold
it actually contained. Its value was a conven-
tional thing, to be agreed upon by the parties.
This remained the standard of gold up to 1834;
but in that year, we took it into our heads that
we would legislate upon currency, and fix the
value of it; and what did we do? We passed a
law changing the number of grains in a five-dol-
lar piece, from two hundred and seventy to two
hundred and fifty-eight—making it twelve grains
less. What was the idea advanced to the public
by that? The idea was, that by reducing thenum-
1 ber of grains in a five-dollar piece, you made it
worth less than the British coins that you occa-
sionally had in the country. What has been the
effect? Why, when you go into the market with
American gold pieces containing two hundred and
! fifty-eight grains instead of two hundred and sev-
enty, they charge you nine per cent, premium—
which is the difference between it and the British
sovereign, and then it goes for just what it did
before.
Notwithstanding the nominal change, the value
has not been affected, for when it is brought into
contact with other coins, you must give that pre-
mium before you can ship it or get bills of exchange.
Well, what do you gain by that? Why, it has
led one step towards violating the very object in-
tended by the Government! The gold coined
prior to 1834 is sold for a premium. Look at the
exchanges and prices-current, and you will find
that it is so. The object of the Constitution was
to have the coins uniform—so that each piece
should represent a certain amount of gold or silver,
and pass throughout the country and in the com-
mercial world for what it was intended to be.
The law of 1834 defeats that object. As the law
now stands, our standard silver is nine hundred
parts pure silver and one hundred parts copper.
The dollar piece contains four hundred and twelve
'grains and a half of standard silver. The commu-
nity and-the commercial world understand what
thfe American dollar contains, and it passes Tor just
what it does contain.
Now, what is the proposition brought forward
in this bill ? Why, it is to reduce this dollar of
\ four hundred and twelve grains down to three
; hundred and eighty-six grains. You propose to
make a discount of about seven per cent, and a
fraction. That is what you propose to do. The
result will be that you will make another kind of
coin, and another kind of currency in the country.
Here is one half dollar containing one hundred
and ninety-two grains of standard silver, and here
is another containing two hundred and six and a
quarter grains. Well, what is the object?—what
is to be gained by it ? You propose to make a half
dollar coin, containing fourteen grains less than that
now in use, a tender to be receivable in payment
of duties into the Treasury of the United States.
Do you not see how we are depreciating the value
of the currency of the country? You will then
have two descriptions of gold coin, and you will
have three descriptions of silver; for you propose
also to change the composition of the three cent
pieces. You now have a coin with a certain pro-
portion of alloy, and you propose to change the
standard, and give it another proportion. Thus
there will be one description of silver coin contain-
ing one fourth copper; another containing so many
grains of standard silver, and still another contain-
