THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
32r> Congress, 2d Session.
THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 3, 1853.
Nbw Seiues No. 31.
Clay, and upon some memorable occasion, it was
thought by some person or persons that they heard
• threat made against his life by this man Robert-
son. This fact was communicated to some of the
authorities of the Senate, perhaps to the Sergeant-
at-Arms; and I understand that it was accompa-
nied with a communication of-the apprehension of
the hearers that there was some tlanger involved
in the threat, and that it would be better to secure
the man and take care of him. In the exercise of
his duty, tiie Serjeant-at-Arms felt it incumbent
upon him to take the man before the civil author-
ities, and, if 1 understand it rightly, he was by
the civil authorities ordered into custody: and he
was kept in custody for a short time and dis-
charged . From that day to this, he has been before
the Senate demanding payment for the wrongs
inflicted upon him.
During the lifetime of Mr. Clay there was a res-
olution introduced and passed, almost as a matter
of course, giving this man $100; but it did not
eilence his clamors for an instant. He has con-
tinued dogging the members of the Senate, from
that day to this, until at last he has induced j
a man who, in his character and in his actions j
has uniformly been just—I mean the honorable
Senator from Kentucky—to come forward with a
resolution to give him $150 more. Does the Sen-
ator suppose that he will get rid of Robertson in
this way: Does he dream that the Senate is to
get rid of the annoyance of this man by giving
him $150? If he does, my impression is that he
vastly misapprehends the future. This is another
demand made for a useless object, and a worse
than useless object, upon our contingent fund.
That fund is now made to bear all the censure
that can possibly be heaped upon it. It does seem
to me that the Senate, in justice to itself, should
vote down this resolution, and no longer pander
to this application. I hope and trust it may do so.
I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I have a very few words
to say.
Several Senators. It is not necessary to say
anything
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I feel bound U> make a
very short statement, and I shall be very brief.
This claim was referred by a memorial to the
Committee on Claims at the first session of the
last Congress, of which committee I was then a
member. I made a written report adverse to the
elaim, but the Senate never acted upon it. When
it was reported by the Committee on Claims, the
Senate passed a resolution giving Robertson #100,
without deciding against his claim; and from that
day to this, this individual, who has given us all so
much trouble, has been applying to each member
and to the body in every shape and way. This
resolution goes upon the idea, that by giving him
that money, you have rather encouraged him to
remain here, and Unmake his application day and
night in almost every shape, for additional com-
pensation. We say, therefore, that he having
been encouraged, as it were, by the payment he
has received, and his claim never having been re-
jected by a direct vote until now—in consideration
of that, and with motives of compassion for him,
■we propose to give him $150, telling him at the same
time that " this is in full of all claims you may
conceive you have, and if you take it you are not to
trouble us any more; and if yos do not, then we
intend to turn you over tt> the authorities to inquire
into the state of your mind." I hope that with
this explanation the gentleman from Wisconsin
will not think that I have been actuated by any bad
or unjust motive in introducing this resolution.
Mr. WALKER. I never entertained such an
idea.
Mr. BADGER. I believe there is a great deal
of probability in what is said by my friend from
Wisconsin. I have very little hope that the $150
proposed to be paid to this man will satisfy his
demaqd, or stop his further application. I have
very little hope that the £150 will induce him to go
ha-k to his friends; but I will say to my friend
from Wisconsin, that as the object it so highly
31
desirable, and as there is some hope, as there is a
scintilla of expectation upon which the mind can
rest with some pleasing anticipation, although it
is not very bright, I shall for that reason, and that
only, vote for the adoption of the resolution.
[Laughter.]
Mr. WALKER. Itamountsthen tothis: there
being a glimmer of hope that these gentlemen can
do, through the Treasury, what they could so
easily do for themselves—get rid of the annoyances
of this fellow—they will vore for the resolution. I
have not been much annoyed by him, but other gen-
tlemen appear to have been, and they entertain a
glimmering and remote hope that they will get rid of
hisfannoyances by passing this resolution. Let
them use their own pockets to get rid of him, if
theyplease to do it; let them use theirown funds for
the purpose, but let them not dip their hands into
the Public Treasury, to fee a man to let them alone.
I think, sir, that it would be a desirable thing to
get rid of this man; but it is only the encourage-
ment which men have lent him, through the kind-
ness of their natures, that has kept him about us,
the object of annoyance and complaint. It is a
very easy matter to get rid of him; but, in my
opinion, the result of this proposition, if it be
adopted, will be this: In the course Of time, when
the circumstances of the matter shall have been
forgotten, the favorable points of the claim will be
extracted, some agent will get hold of it, and will
make out Robertson a patriot, ax one who was
persecuted by the Senate, and that agent will
probably make $25,000 dr $50,000 out of our tri-
fling with this fellow. Something similar has been
the result in cases, in my opinion, which have far
lees merit than this; and that will probably be the
result of entertaining these propositions from time
to time, in the manner which we are doing.
Mr. HUNTER. It is obvious that this case is
to lead to debate, and I hope we shall not now
proceed with it, but that we shall go on with the
special order
Mr. BADGER. We have got through with
the debate, and are ready to vote.
Mr. HUNTER. If gentlemen are ready to
vote, I will not make any motion.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will observe
that this resolution appropriates money out of the
contingent fund; and therefore must, under the
rule, have three readings on three separate dayB,
in the same manner as a bill, unless by unanimous
consent they be dispensed with. It has been read
once, and it requires unanimous consent to read it
a second time tt>-dny.
Mr. BUTLER. I cannot agree to give unani-
mous consent. I concur with the Senator from
Wisconsin. It seems to me that if we yield to this
claim under the circumstances, it will be allowing
not only the Senate to be an insurance office,for
the claims of any agents, but for any claims that
may be brought against it. Why, Amy Darden's
claim for a horse is nothing to this, and that has
been pending, I believe, for nearly half a century.
The Senator from North Carolina [Mr. Badger]
is a good common-law lawyer, and he must know
that in Pennell's case it was decided that if a man
owed another one hundred pounds, and paid
out five, although he said that was in satisfaction
bf the whole debt, it would amount to nothing un-
less the agreement that it should be in full was
under seal; but that if he gave a hawk, and that
was accepted, it would be satisfaction, because it
was an aristocratic article, and one of no fixed
Value. Now, if we were to give Robertson some
office, perhaps a Cabinet office, it would satisfy
him; tnat would be his "hawk." [Laughter.]
But I agree with the Senator from Wisconsin, and
I hope that this resolution will not be passed.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I rise for the purpose of get-
ting rid of the matter, and, therefore, before I sit
down I shall submit a motion that the resolution
lie upon the table, and ask the yeas am] nays upon
that. I am perfectly satisfied that this resolution
cuts off the last hope of getting rid of the annoy-
ances of this troublesome man. He anrtoyed us,
and induced us to give him $1X)0, in the first
place. On that flOO he has lived and begged
along, until it is now proposed to give him $15t)
more. As long as you entertain such propositions
you will have him here. I hope the Senate will
lay the resolution upon the table, and thus shoftr
their indignation at this course of conduct, and
give, at the same time, a gentle intimation to the
corporation of Washington, that if they wish arty
respect, or courtesy, or attention from Congress,
they are to protect the members of Congress from
the annoyances of such men as this. The corpo-
ration of Washington should be held responsible
for the set of men that they allow to -go at large
here, who are dangerous to tlfe liberties, and even
to the persons of men. I hope we shall give thife
application no countenance, and shall, #t the same
time, give the corporation of Washington a gentle
hint thatif they do not prevent the practice of Such
men going at large and annoying ub here, We may
know how to attend to them when their applica-
tions come before us.
Mr. HALE. As the honorable Senator from
Kentucky, who reported this resolution, does not
seem to be well versed in the history of the mat-
ter, I wish to read to him from the Journal 0?
January 8th, 1851, which was after the Comtniltee
on Claims had reported on the subject.
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 intended to make the
tion that the resolution lie on the tablte.
Mr. HALE. 1 have the floor, I believe, but I
shall make that motion before I sit down. On thfe
Journal I find:
"Mr. Clemens presented the petition rif Jiithes Robert-
son, praying that Ins petition, referred to the Committee on
Claims on the 23<1 of December, and from which that com-
mittee were discharged, may be referred to a Select Com-
rtii tee. The petition was read, and, on motion by Mr.
Hale, that the prayer of the petitioner Be rejected, it w a
decided in the affirmative." .
That-shows that as long ago as January 8th,
1851, there was an affirmative vote of thte Setial*
rejecting the prayer of the petitioner. Having
shown this, I move that the resolution He on the
■ table.
j Mr. MANGUM. On that question I call for
' the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ADAMS. I desire to ask whether it was
not the decision of the Chair that as the resolution
has been read once, and as ft seoond reading to-
day has been objected to, it must go over till to-
morrow ?
i The PRESIDENT. The fesoltftkffl hub been
I read once; but a motion to lie on the tattle is al-
ways in order.
The question being taken by yeftfc and ntiys, re-
sulted—yeas 25, nays 81; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. AteMsoti, Bortsmfl, Bittler,CMs, ChSrl-
ton, Dodge ot' Wisconsin, Dougl s, Downs, Felqli, File-;
patnck, Gwin, Hale, Hamlin, Hunter, James, Jones of
Iowa, Jones of Tennessee, MallHry, Morton, Norris,Pettit,
Sebastian, Shields. Smith, and Wallrt'r—25.
** NAYS—Messrs.' Adams, Badger, Hell, Cluwe, cfetffce,
Davis, Dawson, Dodge of Iowa, Foot, Houston, MBngilm,
Miller, Pratt, Rusk, Seward, Spriiance, Stockton, Sumner,
Unticrwood, Wade, and Welter—2ft.
So the motion was agreed to.
WAREHOUSING SYSTEM.
The Senate, as ih Committee ofthe Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill to ex-tend
the warehousing system. by establishing private
bonded warehouses, and fbr other purposes.
Mr. MILLER. Mr. President, the great amount
of business now pressing tfpon the attention of the
Senate, will necessarily prevent me from going so
largely into the consideration of this sabject as its
importance, under other circumstances, would de-
mand. I will therefore confine my rewiafrk*ito o>ne
or two objections to the provisions of this bill.
The bill proposes two important Alterations in our
present revenue laws. The first alteration is the
provision contained in the first section of the bill
which authorizes the establishment of privaite ware-
houses, in winch the importer, at his option, may
place his goods, instead of placing them in a pub-
lic warehouse, as now required by law. I nave
no particular objection to this change, although I
would suggeet that it may lead to frauds upon the
revenue, inasmuch as it "Wrll increase the number
of warehouses, and *he nttBtber oflteeW con-
