1853
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
483
postpone ihe further consideration of the bill to,
an 1 make it the special order for, half-past twelve
o'clock to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. STOCKTON. 1 move to proceed to the
consideration of the special order, the bill to re-
organize the Xavv of the United States.
Mr. IXHXtE, <>t Iowa. L wish to inquire if the
homestead lull is not the special order of the day,
am! it" it has not the precedence over the Navy bill
The PRESIDENT. The homestead biil was
postponed to, and made the special order for, to-
day.
Mr. HALF.. The homestead bill is an older
special order than the Navy bill.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will state that
the tlrst special order is the unfinished business of
yesterday. The Senator from New Jersey moves
to proceed to the consideration of the bill for re-
organizing the Navy of the United States. That
is the question for the Senate to decide.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. If the Senator from
New Jersey wishes to address the Sen ite to-day
on the subject of his bill, I will interpose no ob-
stac'e whatever, but will give way. But if it is a
test question between this Navy bill and the home-
stead bill, I must resist the motion of the Senator,
because the homestead bill is a House bill, and
has been before this body a long time; and X think
it ouijlit to have the preference.
Mr. STOCKTON. I really hope there will be
no contest between the Navy bill and any other bill
whatever, and there shall not be any by any agency
of mine. I ask that it may be taken up, because
I think it will pass without objection. 1 shall fore-
go tiie satisfaction of making a speech, because I
know there are other members of the Senate who
are anxious to have the bill disposed of, in order
that they may bring up bills which they desire to
have considered.
Mr. CELL. The Senator had better move to
postpone the bill which is first in order—the un-
finished business of yesterday—to a certain hour
to-dny or to-morrow, otherwise it may lose its
right to precedence in the business on the calen-
dar. I do not wish to offer any impediment to
the Senator, but simply make thesuggestion. The
railroad bill has occupied too much time to be
thrown aside out of its order altogether. It has
a claim to priorattention on the part of the Senate.
I suggest, therefore, if the Senator from New Jer-
sey tlmiks he can dispose of his bill in an hour or
two, that the motion be made to postpone the rail-
road bill until two or three o'clock this afternoon,
or until to-morrow morning. Then it will have
its piace on the calendar. If the Chair, however,
thinks that the adoption of the motion of the Sen-
ator will not have the effect to override the priority
of the railroad bill, 1 have no objection to agree-
ing to it.
The PRESIDENT. In the opinion of the Chair,
it will not do so, if this bill is taken up by unani-
mous consent.
Mr. Stockton's motion was agreed to.
REORGANIZATION OF THE NAVT.
The Senate accordingly, as in Committee of the
Whole, proceeded to consider the bill " to organ-
ize th  Navy of the United States."
Mr. STOCKTON. Mr. President, I shall forego
the honor and satisfaction of making an oration
upon this subject to-day, because I think it is en-
tirely unnecessary. All the Senators feel, no doubt,
as keenly as I feel, the great responsibility'which r
this day rests upon us. They all love their couiv
try as well as I do. They all know a3 well as I
know the pressing and urgent wants of the Navy;
and those wants are known at the other end of the
Capitol, where perhaps they await our action
upon this bill; and it is not too much to say that
they are known throughout the whole country.
Therefore it would be an unnecessary interference
with the time of the Senate, if I were to undertake
to enforce, either by argument or eloquence, prop- 1
ositions that seem to be universally conceded to
be true. I will simply state, in the first place,
what the bill does not contemplate, and in the next
place, what, it does contemplate, and I will only
devote one sentence to each.
Before I do even that, however, it becomes me
to observe that the bill has been prepared with
great care and attention by the Committee on
Naval Affairs of the Senate, and has been reported .
with the amendments, by the ad vice, consent, and
appro va I of the Naval Committee in the other House
of Congress; and I have been instructed by them
to offer the amendments which I now hold in my
hand. I will also add, that the bill has been pub-
lished for three weeks throughout the country,
and I am yet to hear of any opposition to it; and
what is more extraordinary still, is, that it has re-
ceived the unanimous approbation of the Navy, as
far as I know. I believed, and still hope, that it
will receive the unanimous approbation of the Sen-
ate. I hope it will, that it may go to the other
House impressed with the moral force which such
a vote will give it.
To fulfill my obligation not to make a speech, I
will proceed at once to say that the bill does not
propose any increase of the Navy. It does not
propose any considerable addition to the expendi-
tures of the Navy in any shape or form. The
srreat object of the bill is, by a reorganization of
the whole naval establishment, to secure, as far
as human means can secure, an economical and
wise expenditure of the money that may hereafter
be appropriated for it by Congress. I think I
have now said as much as is needful, and will pro-
ceed to read the amendments which I propose to
the Senate in the name of the committee.
The first section of the bill reads as follows:
*' Be it enactcd, •5*c., That the commissioned officers of
the Navy of the United States shall be of the number and
the grades following, to wit: twenty commodores, sixty-
eight captains, ninety-seven commanders, tiltv lieutenant
commandants, three hundred and twenty five first lieuten-
ants, two hundred and five second lieutenants, sixty-nine
surgeons, thirty-four passed assistant surgeons, forty five
assistant surgeons, sixty-four pur.-ers, twenty assistant
pursers, ten chief engineers, nineteen first assistant engi-
neers, twenty-nine second assistant engineers, thirty-seven
third assistant engineers, twenty-four chaplains, and the
twelve proiessors of mathematics now in service: Pro
tided, That no professors of mathematics shall hereafter
be appointed in the Navy. And that the warrant officers
shall be the nineteen masters now in service: Provided,
That no masters shall be appointed or warranted in the ser-
vice. Two hundred and two midshipmen, forty-one boat-
swains, forty-five gunners, forty-five carpenters, and thirty-
eight sailmakers. When midshipmen shall have passed
their examination, and been assigned to the naval service,
they shall be commissioned as second lieutenants; and the
number so assigned and commissioned shall not exceed
sixty in any one year."
1 propose to amend it as follows: Insert before
the word "commissioned," the word "active."
Strike out the words " shall be," and insert " may
be, but shall not exceed." Strikeout the words
"sixty-eight,"and insert " seventy." Strikeout
" ninety-seven," and insert "eighty." Strike
out " commandants,"and insert " commanders." j
In the sentence " three hundred and twenty-five I
first lieutenants," strike out "three," and insert !
" two," and strike out " twenty-five," and insert j
"seventy." In the sentence " two hundred and j
five second lieutenants," strike out "two," and I
insert " one," and strike out " and five." After)
" twenty assistant pursers," insert " one chief !
engineer." I have made no explanation of these I
amendments, because they are so unimportant [
that I thought it would not be necessary. On |
the next amendment, which is to strike out " ten 1
. chief," and insert "thirteen," in regard to the
number of engineers, I will make a word of expla-
nation. It proposes to insert " thirteen" instead
of "ten," because there are now thirteen engi-
neers in the Navy, and we do not propose to dis-
miss any.
j The next amendments are to insert in the sen-
tence "and that the warrant officers shall be nine-
teen masters now in service," after the word
" masters " the words " not in the line of promo-
tion;" in the sentence "two hundred and two
midshipmen "strikeout " two hundred and two "
and insert " two hundred and fifty," and add after
"midshipmen" the words "and also the acting
midshipmen at the Naval Academy;" in the sen-
tence'" forty-one boatswains " strike out " forty-
one " and insert " sixty;" in the sentence " when
' midshipmen shall have passed their examination,
' and been assigned to the naval service, they shall
' be commissioned as second lieutenants; and the
' number so assigned and commissioned shall not
•exceed sixty in any one year," insert before
" examination " " final;" strike out " the " before
"naval service," and insert "no greater;" and
add after " number " the words " shall be;" after
" commissioned " insert " than;" strike out " not
exceed sixty in any one year," and insert " be
sufficient to fill the complement of second lieuten-
ants above prescribed."
I The next amendment is in the second section,
; which is as follows:
" *A'td be it-Jurfher enacted, That before any change of
the srades or number of officers shall take place, there j-hall
be created a retired list ami r* permanent fitt lough list ol the
Navy, lor the establishment of which the President of t!i«
United htates may convene, at the eity ot Washington, a
board of naval othceis, to nmsi-t of two captains, two
commanders, and two lieutenants of the Navv each of
whom shall have seen at least five years' sea service in his
respective grade."
1 will observe, in regard to this proviso, that,
upon reflection, it was not deemed very prudent
to entrust so great responsibility entirely with six
men. I should like if my honorable friend from
North Carolina were in his seat now, because, at
an early period of my Senatorial career, he asked
me on one occasion whether I should like to have
trial by jury in the Navy? I told him £ would,
but I little expected the time would so soon come.
Instead of allowing six men to determine upon the
qualifications of officers, we thought it best to sub-
stitute a, jury of their own peers, who should sit
in judgment on their demerits, and that they
should decide who were fit for promotion, and who
were unfit for the performance of their duty. Sir,
the great principles of this bill are, that while
we endeavor to increase the efficiency of the Navy,
we at the same time desire to do justice, perfect
and entire justice, to the officers. " Therefore we
propose, as an amendment, to strike out all of
that section after " Navy," and insert:
Provided, That before any officer or officers shall he re-
tired or furluughed under the provisions of this act, it shall
be the duty ot the Secretary ot the IVavy to transmit a navy
register to each captain and commander, and to each of the
sixty lieutenants, oldest in commission, whose duty it shall
be on receipt of the same, on his honor, without consulta-
tion wnh, and without the knowledge of, any oilier person,
to designate with the letter It, on said register, all officers
of his own, and of all mfeiior grades who lie may think
ought, on account of infirmity of health or any other dis-
qualification not affecting their moral characters, to be re-
tired; and in like manner to designate with the letter F,
on said register, all such officers who, lor the good of the
service, and by reason of incapacity, or any other cause,
should be furlougiied ; and thereupon transmit under seal,
to the Vavy Department,said registers. And it shall be the
duty of the Secretary of the Navy to submit said registers,
designated as aforesaid, to the hoard of officers hereinbefore
provided for, who shall open and examine the same, and
make record of the designations therein contained ; and in
selecting the officers to he retired or furlougiied, said Board
shall commence with those officers having the greatest
number of said letters R. or F. affixed respectively to their
names on said regisler.
Mr. CASS. I suggest to the Senator, whether
it would not be better to read the amendments in
conjunction with the original clauses of the bill,
or we shall not recollect them. That would save
some time and trouble.
Mr. STOCKTON. I will be glad to save the
time of the Senate. I desire to make some prog-
ress with the bill, and will comply with the sug-
gestion of the Senator.
The PRESIDENT. The first amendment pro-
posed is to insert in the first section before " com-
missioned,"the word "active,"so that thesection
will read: "Thenumberof the active commissioned
officers of the Navy of the United States, shall
be of the number or grades following, to wit,"&c.
Mr. HUNTER. Before acting upon this ques-
tion, 1 should be glad to have some information
' from the Senator from New Jersey in regard to
this matter. I shall have to depend on the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs on this subject. There
are some two or three points in relation to which
I should like to be informed; and one is, whether
this is to increase the number of officers.
Mr. STOCKTON. It does not increase them.
Mr. HUNTER. The next question is, how-
much does it increase their paj^?
Mr. STOCKTON. It will be an increase to an
amount equal to the difference between the pay of
ten captains and that of ten commanders of the
Navy. It may be about ten thousand dollars a
year.
Mr. HUNTER. Then it does not increase the
actual pay of any of the captains ?
Mr. STOCKTON. No, sir; it increases no pay
except that of the siilors. I believe there is no
other increase.
Mr. HUNTER. It provides for a retired list?
Mr. STOCKTON. Yes, sir; for a rptired list
and for a furlough list.
Mr. HALE. I want to vote upon that amend-
ment separately.
The PRESIDENT. The question will then be
on the first amendment.
Mr. HALE. I want the ear of the honorable
