484
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOfiE.
Feb. 3,
Senator from New Jersey for a moment. I do not
intend to oppose the bill at all, but if 1 understand
the meaning of this amendment, it will increase
the number of officers. I wish I could have the
tar of the Senate also, for I understood the honor-
able Senator from Nefy Jersey to say that the
amendment would not inoreane the number of offi-
cers in the Navy. If 1 understand the meaning
of this little word, this simple word Vhich he says
is ofily a Ywbal Hmttidtlnent, it may increase the
hnmbfer of officers one half, and probiibTy will in-
crease 4h« nttmber vfery eowstd erably. I will tell
you how it will be dotie. "Phe bill, if it is amend-
ed as it is proposed,by inserting the Word "active"
before the Word "eowmissioried ," will 1ceep up
the foil number of active captains, and active
eonrmrmnders, and ftrst and second lieutenants.
Mr. STOCKTON. If the Sunator Will allow
tue to interrupt him, f will suggest that if he will
be kind enough to mafee an amendment, I will be
Satisfied without an explanation. The oUject was
to limit the Tmmber of officers.
Mr. HALE. It will be better to let the bill
stand without putting in anything there at all. I
Im opposed to the amendment of the Senator.
Mr. CASS. I would suggest to the Senator
from New Hampshire, that the list, as it now
stands, would be entirely exclusive of Whoever
may be on the retired and furloughed lists.
Mr. HALE. Exactly. That is what I want
to call attention to.
Mr. CASS. Thesectiom reads so.
Mr. HALE. Tf you get the word " active "put
in, yo'u will have your sixty-eight captains, ninety-
seven commanders, and your infinite number of
lieutenants &nd Tnidshipmen, just as they 'how
stand, and then ycSu'tyill have your retired and
furloughed list, which may be made to include—
and if the Senator from New Jersey was right the
other day in what he said, and I will not disbelieve
him, the rttired list ought to take—nearly the
whole list of your present officers. Then, accord-
ing to the bill and amendment, the list of activie
officers will be just eJchctly as large as it is now
fter the retired and furloughed lists are filled up.
think the bill is better without the amendment.
Mr. STOCKTON. I did not understand the
tenttemau at first. But now [ cannot give up the
meridmerft. If hfe fe-ere not such a reasonable
gentleman, I might use a hard word about his
Proposition. The object of the bill is to make the
rJavy of the United States rtiore efficient. Now,
if my conjecture be true, and you withdraw half
of the present officers from active duty 
Mr. HALE. I did not give way.
Thfe PRESIDENT. The Senator from New
Hampshire is entitled to the flour.
Mr. HALE. I Was saying that that will be the
effect of the amendment, and I think the Senator
from ?few Jersey understands it. 1 think the Sen-
ate understands it. I know the Senator from
Michigan does. Yo'u have sixty-eight captains
now, and thirty-eight of the sixty-eight are wait-
ing orders. Of course they have nothing to do.
1 supposed they Would be put upon the furloughed
or retired fist. Then we have at present thirty-
eight captains who would be put on the furloughed
iind Retired lists, and their places on active service
would "be Supplied by tliifty-eight nelv captains.
We have ninety-five commanders; about half of
thetn—1 have only looked hastily into this, I
think sbiffe forty-fivfe or fifty of them—are waiting
orders. They will probably be put on the retired
andf&flort^hed lists, arid there will be forty-five or
iffly rtfttre added to the 'active service. So that
this little verbal amendment, which is of no sort
of ctfrffftqttence at all, if it is adopted, will increase
your Navy 'proba'bly one half. When you get to
the Seu'tfeittftfte, there are so many of them that
arte df the Secretaries off the Navy, within four
years^r ecommended us to build more ships to find
soTriSfltfitg for the lieutenants to do, we have so
many; and just iffltert this little word " active*' 
it Is i ^frrittl Vord; I bteh'eve it is an adjective, and
fffeifTis trat little; bdt insert it, and it increases
largely the number of your officers. I tell you
ftmt fn^Whre months it'Will increase it fifty per
cetit. Formt'rfasoh 'I Mn opposed to the amend-
ment.
r. . The ^vo'rd is just exactly
in the proper place, and was intended to mean
jitfct what 'wie Sfefiator Supposes it m'eans. When
the Senator from New Hampshire 'first suited his
, -I 'Sid Ifot-fctfftpoSfe that he intended What
I now perceive is his object. I did not suppose
that any such suggestion would have emanated
from his mind. The idea of the committee was
to render the Navy more efficient. If two thirds
of its officers are unfit for service, and are retired,
and you only leave one third, or one half, you do
not, surely, make the Navy more efficient. The
object of the amendment is to dispose of, honora-
bly, those gallant and honorable and high-minded
and patriotic officers, who have passed their grand
climacteric in the service, and who continue to be
an honor to the country, and who are able and
willing to serve it in civil capacities, but whom
" The bullets and the gout
Have so knock'd their hulls about,"
that they are no more fit for sea. We propose
to retire those men, that they shall be out of the
line of active service; and we propose to put
other officers, who are young and efficient, in
their stead. We propose to retain seventy cap-
tains—two more than we have at present; but !
instead of having sixty-eight superannuated cap-
tains, as they may all some day be, we desire to
have seventy, all in the prime of life and the
strength of manhood, and invigorated by the ardor
of an honorable and patriotic ambition. We want
men that can look in the cannon's mouth, and
hear its thunder without suffering a nerve to sha"ke;
and that, Mr. President, is mdre than is to be
expected from old men. On that subject I may
speak from experience. [Laughter.] If tnynaval
experience has taught me anything, it is, thtvt 1
do not like to fight half as much now as I did
twenty years ago, if I like it at all. If this
amendment is not agreed to, I regard it as fatal to
the bill. If the Senate reject the proposed Amend-
ment, then 1 am done with the bill, as in my
judgment it will then be useless. We want seven-
ty good captains.
Mr. CASS. The Senator is perfectly right in
his view of the way the bill reads. Sixty-eight
captains may be needed. I do not know as to
that. I have no right to give any tfpinion on that
point. I shall follow the lead of the Senator from
New Jersey in that respect. I am willing to vote
the most liberal bill necessary, bat I want to un-
derstand the matter. I observe that independently
of the sixty-eight captains provided for, there are
twenty commodores. This is the first time that
grade has been recognized by law. It is well
known that in the commencement of the Navy
the office of commodore merely depended upon
Executive regulation. I have no objection to its
creation. I think it is right. But as 1 understand
the bill, it provides for sixty-eight captains and
twenty commodores.
Mr. STOCKTON. No, sir; there are seventy
captains, and the commodores are to betaken from
the number of captains, which will leave only fifty
captains.
Mr. CASS. The phraseology of the bill is
"sixty-eight captains" and "twenty commo-
dores." I repeat, I do not know but it is neces-
sary, and I would be perfectly willing to vote for
anything that is necessary ; and on that subject I
must depend upon the opinion of the Senator from
New Jersey. But the bill certainly provides for
sixty-eight captains and twenty comthodores, as I
read it.
Mr. STOCKTON. We want fifty captains and
twenty commodores.
Mr. CASS. But that is not the provision of
the bill. It contains a positive provision for twenty
commodores and sixty-eight captains.
Mr. HUNTER. One of the amendments of
the Senator from New Jersey is to strike out
" sixty-eight" and insert " fifty." ji
Mr. CASS. I beg pardon; I did not notice that. ;
Mr. STOCKTON. The bill proposes sixty- ;i
eight captains and ninety-seven commanders. One I
of the amendments which I propose is, to strike j
out sixty-eight and insert fifty, as the number of
captains; and there is another amendment not to 1
increase the other grade of officers, but merely to
make the proportion between the commanders and
captains more equal, so that it will make seventy j
captains, and the commodores will come out of i!
those seventy.
Mr. HUNTEft. I would suggest to the Sen- !
ator from New Jersey, that it would-perhaps be
better to proceed a little more gradually than he
seems to be disposed to do with this bill. I ap-
prove of its leading object; it will be very well to i
make a retired list, and to classify the officers as
he proposes, but it does seem to me that if we
adopt the amendment, we shall increase the num-
ber of officers of the Navy largely, for we shall
have the present establishment of active officers,
besides those on the furloughed and retired list. I
think that is proceeding rather too rapidly. Would
it not be better to begin upon this basis: to takA
the existing corps of officers, classify and dis-
tribute them as he proposes, and if we find it is not
enough, We can add to it hereafter. It is much
easier to add to the number than toditninish it. I
think it would be safer to proceed upon the basis
of the present number, afitJ hereafter, if we find
that there are not enough for active service, W*
can add to them.
Mr. STOCKTON. The reason 'I -am Do de-
sirous to hasten this bill through the Senate arises
in the first place from the conviction that it is just
and right, and accords with my naVal experience
and my deliberate judgment. The other reason
is, that I intend, in my place here, at a proper
time, if nobody else Bees fit to do so, to make a
motion to increase the Navy of the United States.
The truth need not be disguised, that the Navy of
the United States, to 'be efficient, ought to be in-
creased. One half of bur surplus revenue is not,,
in my opinion, too ffruch "to go for the protection
of California. Let dot Senators be startled at
this annunciation. It is true, and candor compels
me to say so. What is our young sister to de-
pend upon now, and for years to come, for the-
protection of her growing cities and her valuable
commerce, but your Navy ? Not a cannon to fire
a salute! Should this long continue to be So?'
Gentlemen here cavil, and find fault with the
bill, and complain that it may take a few dollars
out of the public Treasury. Sir, ought the defense*
of California, to say nothing about your other
extended coasts, be left in this condition ? Ho\V
can Senators reflect on these things, ami say that
we must not increase the Navy, ^vhen day after
day pronunciamientosare issued from this arsenal
of warlike words, signifying not war, certainly,
but still warlike words, calculated to fret and irri-
tate foreign nations, and to eScite the military
ardor of our own jfeopfe.
Sir, whilst these things are going on, let me
remind Senators that (f not their only, their prin-
cipal security from War h'as laid, and now lies be-
hind the cotton bagStttid ride tierces of the South,
['tis time we should have something else to rely
upon than tbeavariee of other nations. It is time
that this system, this-political game of hazard,
should be stopped; if we arrfe worthy to enjoy the
benefits of a free Government, We ought to be
manly enough to hold them by a different tenure.
Sir, I will undertake to say that this nation has
been more than once saved from disgrace, if not
from ir/eparable loss, by your cotton bags; but
remember that there is a point at which national
indignation will not stoop to be counseled by na-
tional avarice; and unless we do attend to the de-
fenses of the country, the day will come—and
perhaps is even now not distant—when you will
find the nations of the earth in fcrnis against you,
your vessels will be swept from the ocean, your
coast, your valuable commerce abandoned, and
the empire of the seas given up, and all your glory
in " the deep bosom of the ocean buried."
Sir, when I think of the defenseless, forlorn con-
dition of California, and when I see the cold
shoulder of this Senate turned to her able and gal-
lant and persevering representatives on this floor
upon every occasion when they ask for appro-
priations for the defense of that valuable and
beautiful country; sir, when I have heard men-
acing speeches here, my heart has sickened for
California. Can you not appreciate her import-
ance, her value, her beauty? See her azure
skies, full of health and happiness; look at her
gorgeous mountains, full of gold; look at her
beautiful hills, with the luxuriant oats growing
spontaneously from their base to their summit;
look at her flower-covered valleys, teeming with
unsurpassed fertility; look at her noble, enter-
prising, and gallant people, and ask whether they
cannot claim some protection from this Govern-
ment. And yet they are in a most dangerous
and pitiable condition.
Mr. President, if you should provoke a gen-
eral war, what would be the consequence to Cali-
fornia and to this nation ? Sir, as 1 approach this
threshold I am myself alarmed—my own reflec-
tions alarm me; theymaTce me hesitate before I
