1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
485
proclaim in the public Senate, your unfortunate,
your helpless condition. I need not appeal to the
imagination of Senators. Oh no! Look at Califor-
nia, with lw immense commercial wealth, her ag-
ricultural products and her bullion, the only pro-
tection for which must be your Navy. She has
no other protection. I had hoped, sir, that it
would not be necessary to call the attention of the
Senate to this subject; but when gentlemen tell us
that they are opposed to any increase of the offi-
cers of the Navy, it seems to be necessary to tell
the wliole truth, and a part of the truth is, that the
committee intend, as far as it may depend upon
them, to increase the Navy. And the Army ought
to be increased too; and when both arms of the
national defense are placed upon such a basis as
to insure protection and to enable us to carry out
■our paper proclamations, I shall be as ready to
c >me to the issue as any member of the Senate.
But, sir, at present C implore the Senate to begin
the preparation by passing this bill; it adds noth-
ing, or but little, to your expenses, but it provides
-an honorable retirement for men who have served
all their lives and ar  no longer efficient, and it
affords the best means for raising your active
men to a position in which they can render effi-
cient service to the country. Now, 1 appeal to
Senators whether there is anything objectionable
in the amendment before us. I hope it will be
passed upon without delay.
Mr. MALLOUY. As this is an exceedingly
tempting subject to address the Senate upon, I
wish to give notice that it is not my purpose to do
anything more than to offer explanations. It is
Tery well for the honorable chairman of the Com-
mittee on Finance ta make this objection; awl in
reply to his objection that the line of the Navy
will be increased by the passage of this bill and
the creation of a retired list, 1 would say that I
think it is unfounded. According to my basis,
tiier« will be eighty officer* on-the retired list. It
is not necessary for me to name the grades. I
tiave gone over the calculation, and I find that,
instead of an increase of the Navy, the practical
result will be a decrease of seveateen in the num- i
ber of the commissioned officers. It is not neces- :
aary to state the grades in which this decrease will
occur. Tha honorable Senator asked why we do
Dot make up the retired furlough and active list
from the present officers of the Navy ? That is
precisely what this bill does; but there are seven-
teen of the present officers not provided foe in it.
There is a decrease to that extent.
Mr. HALE. I ask the yeas and nays upon
this question, because I look upon this as the test
question of whether the Senate are willing to in-
crease the naval force of the country in the man-
ner proposed. I want to call the attention of the
Senate and of the country to one fact—for I think
this is a very important point. More than half
the officers of the two highest grades on the Navy
Register are " waiting orders, and have been in
that condition for years. Of that portion of the
captains—I believe they are about thirty—in ac-
tive duty, a great many are on what is called bu-
reau duty here in the city of Washington, and a
great portion of the remainder are commanding
navy-yards. This bill proposes—and the honor-
able Senator from New Jersey has disclosed his
purpose with that frankness which belongs to
him—to increase the Navy, and he says he will
propose still farther to increase it.
The Senator from New Jersey [Mr. Stockton]
and the Senator from Florida [Mr. Mallort]
have accused rne more than once of being hostile
to the Navy, but, sir, when I begin to say any-
thing that is a hundredth part so severe upon the
Navy as what both these gentlemen said the other
day, I shall then be content to be put down as an -
enemy to the Navy. I tell the Navy, if they want
friends to defend them, they had better not put
forward as their friends here those who go for
their measures on the ground that they are utterly
worthless—for that is the ground on which this
bill is put. I am a friend to the Navy, but I am
a friend to the country also, and when I think of ]
these expenditures, I think of those who pay the !
taxes. |
When the Senator from New Jersey delivered
that eulogium on California, to which I listened
with so much pleasure, it seemed to me that he
was not laying down premises which led logically
to his conclusions. He described the golden hills,
the fruitful valleys, and tha verdant fields of Cali-
fornia very well. And what is the conclusion ?
California has got mines of gold, rich valleys, and
verdant fields; therefore you must enlarge the
Navy, and have a great retired list. I do not see
that the conclusion follows the premises. I recol-
lect once of hearing of a young lawyer defending
a client of his who happened to have been a sol-
dier at Bunker Hill. The young man went on to
give a very glowing description of the battle of
Bunker Hill. The justice listened to it very pa-
tiently, and with a good deal of satisfaction, but he
said, " Young man, I do not know that I exactly
understand what you are after." "Well," said
the lawyer, " I want a continuance of this cause."
"Why did you not say so at once?" inquired the
justice. Now, sir, I think the conclusion and the
premises were no further apart there than they are
here.
If we have got thirty-eight captains waiting
orders, what is the use of putting them into retiracy,
and filling; up their places with thirty-eight more,
when, if we wanted the service of those other men,
we could have it? The honorable Senator does not
mean to say that these thirty-eight captains are
inefficient; but that they are old, and therefore un-
able to do anything; for the fact is—and if you look
at the register you will see it—that some of the
very oldest of them are in active duty. It is not the
old and superannuated men who are waiting orders.
1 believe Commodore Morris is the oldest officer in
the Navy, with the exception of Commodore Stew-
art, and he is one of those in active service, and
always has been. If you look at itv you will find
that it is not the old men that are lying by, or if
they are, it is because there is nothing for them to
do. That is the reason they are put on bureau
duty, and located at navy-yards. The fact is, the
young men of the Navy are pressing and urging
and calling for employment, and there is no em-
ployment for them, because the ranks of the offi-
cers of the Navy are all so full that there is not
enough for them to do. The bill, so far as that is
concerned, affords not the least relief; because
when those who are incompetent for the perform-
ance of duty, through age, infirmity, or inefficiency
of any sort, shall have been moved out, their places
will b« filled up, and in that way you increase
fifty per cent, the number of officers.
By what second sight, by what mesmeric com-
munication, by what revelation, the Honorable
Senator from Florida is enabled to tell just exactly
how many men will be put on the retired and on the
furloughed list, and exactly what number—for he
comes down to the units, he says seventeen is to
be left out of the new organization—I confess my-
self utterly at a loss tq imagine. I would not have
believed that anything short of omniscience could
have revealed that. The Senator could not have
known it, or if he does know it, there has been
an agency at work in this bill, with a view to par-
ticular results, which makes me look upon it with
a suspicion with which I should not have regard-
ed it except for the suggestion of the honorable
Senator from Florida. F may not know anything
about this subject, but I do know that ever since
I- have been a member of Congress, in either
House, the Navy Registers have shown that some-
thing like half, and I believe more than half, of
these high officers have had nothing in the world
to do.
The Secretary of the Navy has recommended
to us to build more ships, not on the ground that
they were necessary to defend California, not on
the ground that the defense of the country, or that
the interests of commerce required them, but to
give these young officers something to do. Now,
suppose you go on and build more ships and give
the officers something to do, and they do not hap-
pen to- fit exactly right, the Secretary will then
come and want some more young officers to take
care of the ships; and if they do not happen to
tally exactly again, more ships must be built to
use up the surplus officers, and so on.
I think the suggestion of the honorable Senator
from Virginia is a highly practical one, and that
is to begin with our present quota; for, as he has
well suggested, it is a great deal easier to add to,
than it is to subtract from, the number of officers.
Although the Senator from Florida has said that
this bill diminishes the number of naval officers,
yet, if you put in this little word " active"—and
I do not believe the word " active" ever had so
much activity given to it before—if you insert it
as an amendment in this clause, why, your naval
force will be increased fifty per cent. ; and that, too,
just as quickly as a magician changes the face of
things before your eyes when you have been ad-
mitted to his show. The children's children of the
men who sit here never will see it reduced. This
matter is one where you may add, but you never
can diminish. It appears to" me that it would be
the part of prudence to begin this retired-list sys-
tem, which is a novel one in this country, upon
the present basis of officers which we have got.
Let us see how it operates with regard to them.
Let us see how many of those old fogies in the
Navy—I do not mean anything personal—ought
j to be set aside, and how many of their places
1 should be supplied by young Americans.
Mr. CASS. You do not mean anything per-
sonal ? [Laughter.]
Mr. HALE. I think that would be going far
enough now; and if it turns out that we shall get
rid of so many of them that an increase of the
number of officers will be actually required, it wift
be time enough to increase them. The honorable
Senator from New Jersey is progressive—highly
so; but I think he is a little too progressive for this,
progressive age. There is such a thing as making
progress too fast. He need not be worried about
the want of ways and means to dispose of the sur-
Elus revenue. That has never yet been a great
other to this Government; and I think that, as
we are going on, we shall find ways enough to
dispose of the surplus revenue^ if that is what the
Senator wants, without increasing the personnel or
the force of the Navy.
Let me here disavow, now and forever, any
hostility to thg Navy, except to say thq.t I think
it is, in a great measure, entirely useless. As I"
am up, and as I do not know that I shall ever
speak on the subject again, let me tell you what
I your true policy is: Disband the whole of your
Navy; turn out every officer that is in commis-
sipn; sell out every navy-yard and dock-yard
I that you have got, and when you want a ship
1 built, contract for her—have her built as a mer-
chant has his ships built, and then you will get
; vastly better ships. You will not then have
! steamers, which, when you. want them to go to
1 Japan, cannot make their way to Norfolk before
: their boilers get out of order. You will not have
anything of that sort when you build your ships
by contract, as merchants do. When you want
men to command your ships, and men to work
them, do as the sagacious merchants of the coun-
try do—go into the market ^here are to be had
men whose business it is to navigate ships, qnd
then you can get as intelligent, as active, and as
energetic men to command your ships-of-war as
the merchants of the United States now have tq
command their merchant ships, which you have
' not got to-day. The present system is totally
wrong; but I do not expect to remedy it. It is too
: late to do so. It is one of the abuses which have
come down to us from other days, and other times,
and other nations. It is a part of the system
which we have inherited from our British ances-
tors. But it is all wrong. Still I do not propose
to amend it, because I see that it is utterly useless
to hope for any amendment at this time. I am
willing to take the thing,as it is, and as it is, to do
the best with it. I am willing, as we have got
these officers, that we shall do by them everything
that is just, honorable, generous, and fair. I do
not want to increase their number when we have
not go_t >york for half those we have. I do not
want to increase the number still more, so that we
shall be further encumbered with paying men for
whom we have nothing to do.
If the Senate understand what the effect of this
amendment will be, and I believe they do, if gen-
tlemen are ready to go honie and tell their conr
stituents that the aspect of the world is so threat-
ening, that the terrors and horrors of war are so
impending, so imminent, that it is necessary now
to increase our naval force in the mannerin which
this bill proposies to increase it, I am as contented
as anybody. My people can as well and as will-
ingly bear the increased burdens of this taxation,
as those of any part of the country. They have
been habituated to it as long as others; but be-
| lieving that it is uncalled for and improvident, I
j shall vote against it. I shall content myself with
1 asking the yeas and nays upon this amendment,
and if the Senate, by the vote which is to be taken
> upon it, indicate that it is their purpose to in-
j crease the Navy, I pledge my word to the honor-
