1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
487
rt-'i be the duty of «wj eaptaia,  ■■ «<". lieutenant |]
cuBinwmlant, and first lieutenant, in like manner ;
ml * li-t «i 'he officers composing the grades uiMuediateiy ,
b> low thi-iii respectively; and such lists shall r< \i in. a-i
arartv a« practicable, one fifth of the names "J  ll tnrom-
cers of ihe several g ra«le  reported apon. The Secretary
04 the Navy shall scrattuiae anil compf* '"**• a#cwr~
tun the m e fifth of the officers of each grade wU« have re-
ceivrd the highest nomtH-r of designations, and •nn*'t ,
thetr names and lineal rank, in each annual Naval Register, .
the numbers ao iwewJ"-
And insert in Heu of it the following:
<« It xhall he the dntv of eaeh eommis-ioned officer of the
line of the Navy to transmit, sealed, to the fiecretary of the
N«vy one# ib every three years, train Uw first day ol Jan
•ary next after the passage of this act, a Navy Register, in
which he shall desirnate such officer? mm| isin* the grade
Bejt below- bun in rank whose services he may (Hem leant
r^cnsl m the imMh' interest*; and the Secretary of Die
Navv  haU Mrotimae ami compare such lists, and make a
tecurd therefrom tor the use of the Navy Department; and
 orh reenters  batl be retarded as confidential communi-
cations. and ml* be irftrml to Iter infbnnauon by the re-
aring Baarda dwfaned by tills act."
The next amendment was to insert the word*
" naval bureaus," so a  to fix the pay of the senior
commodore *' at navy-yartia, naval bureaus, or on
other duty," at $4,5b0.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert " at naval
bureaus" before the words "or other duty," in
relation to the compensation of commodores; and
it was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike oat the pro-
vision eiving captains $3,500 while on sea service
and $3,000 while on other duty, and insert in lieu
of it a provision giving them $3,500 while on sea
service, at naval bureaus, or on other duty; and it
was agreed to.
The next amendment was to provide that offi-
cers on the retired list should retain their uniforms,
and officers on the furloughed list should not be
entitled to wear the naval uniform; and it was
•greed to.
The next amendment was in the twelfth section,
ia the provision giving the President of the United
States discretion to place opon-the retired list any \
officer, to strike out the words " who may apply :
for the same," and insert " who Inay, in hisopin- j
ion, be incapable to perform active duty." I
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the
whole of the thirteenth section, which provided
that no commissioned officer of the Navy, other
than pursers or assistant pursers, should be re-
quired to discharge the duty of purser or assistant
purser, and that no officer (midshipmen, and sec- ;
end lieutenants, and officers acting as judges-ad- j
vocate excepted) should be entitled to receive any
pay, compensation, or emolument, beyond what |
his rank on the Naval Register might entitle him to :
receive, for the performance of anv duty in the ;
Navy, and insert in lieu of it the following:
" No officer of the line of the Navy shall be required to |
discharge the duties of purser or assistant pur er; but the
Secretary of the Navy, and the commanders of single ship#
and squadrons, may confer acting appointments in the line :
of the Navy, as the exigency of the service may require;
and line officers, while performing the duties of a higher
grade under such appointments, shall have the rank of such
{richer trade; and if such appointment* shall be approved
by the Secretary of the Navy, they shall also have the pay t
of such higher grade ia lieu of the pay of their grades {
m -nth, so as to leave them on the same footing as
other mates, at twenty-five dollars per month.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to «trike out the pro-
vision for a bureau to be called " The Bureau of
Courts-Martial;" and it was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the re-
striction confining the President, in the selection
of the chiefs of the bureaus, except those of Pro-
visions and Clothing, and of Medicine and Sur-
gery, to officers above the rank of midshipmen;
and it was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. I want to ask the Senator from
New Jersey one question. In some discussions
which took place here the other day, it was said
there was to be in the bill a distinction made in
favor of the officers who had to go on the retired
list, and those whogo on the furloughed list for dis-
ability received in honorable service. It was said
they would have an advantage over those who
were disabled in some other way. I wish to ask
if that is in the bill as reported ?
Mr. STOCKTON. Yes, sir. There is the
furloughed list which retires an officer on half
pay, and the retired list which allows him full
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to include surgeons
and professors of mathematics as staff officers of
the Navy.
The amendment waa agreed to.
The next amendment wms to strike out the whole
of the seventeenth section, which related to the rel-
ative rank of officers of the Navy, and insert in lieu
of it the following:
"That if, after ail the officers shall be retired or fur-
loughed, according to the provisions of this act, and all the
promotions shall be made which are herein authorized, there
shall remain a greater number of midshipmen, passed or
otherwise, than are authorized by th  first section of this
act, the President of the United States is hereby authorized
to discharge the excess over that number, and each mid-
shipman so discharged shall be entitled to receive three
years'extra pay."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to add to the twen-
tieth section the following:
"And in addition to the appointments to the Naval Acad-
emy, as now determined by law, the President may make
annually ten appointments at large."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the pro-
vision giving masters' mates thirty dollars per
^fir . HUNTER. There is one point in the bill
about which I should like to have some informa-
tion. There is now, as I understand, three hun-
dred and five lieutenants, and two hundred and
five passed midshipmen; and these together dis-
charge the duties of lieutenants in the Navy. One
amendment which has been adopted proposes, as
I understand, to reduce the number of first lieu-
tenants to two hundred and seventy-five, and the
number of passed midshipmen from two hundred
and five to one hundred. This makes a very
great reduction in what appears to be the most
efficient arm of the service. The bill reduces the
number of men now capable of performing the
service of lieutenants, and at the same time in-
creases the number of captains and commodores.
That is a feature of the bill that I do not under-
stand. ... , ,
Mr. STOCKTON. The last objection that I
should have expected to hear from the Senator is,
that the bill reduces the number of officers. I
thought he objected before that the bill increased
them.
Mr. HUNTER. I object to the grades in
which the reductions are made.
Mr. STOCKTON. The reason for the feature
of the bill to which the Senator refers is this: The
class of midshipmen is increased every year from
the graduates at the Naval Academy. The class
of other officers is not so increased, and the former
eiffna i8 now so well filled up that there is no room
for more, unless the number is increased.
Mr. HUNTER. The bill as it now stands,
increases the number of midshipmen from two
hundred and two to two hundred and fifty, and
adds to their number the acting midshipmen of the
Naval Academy.
Mr. STOCKTON. But we have taken away
! from the number of passed midshipmen. The
j aggregate number of passed midshipmen and mid-
shtpmen at present in the service amounts to three
hundred and fifty, I believe. The aggregate num-
ber of second lieutenants and midshipmen which
we propose by this bill makes up the same num-
ber
Mr. HUNTER. Then the dismissals fall mainly
on the corps of midshipmen, who are among the
most efficient and best officers in the Navy.
Mr. STOCKTON. No, sir; that will depend
I entirely upon the Board.
The bill was then reported to the Senate as
amended,and the amendments were concurred in.
Mr. HAMLIN. It will be seen that the thir-
teenth section as it stands precludes any other
II officer but the purser or assistant purser perform-
■ ine the duties of those grades. I think that ought
|i to be amended. 1 therefore move to amend, by
! | adding after the word " purser,"
11 « Unless the office of purser or assistant purser shall be-
I, come vacant by death or otherwise, on ships at sea, or on
1 foreign stations; and then in that case the duties of purser
! .tali be performed by the first lieutenant unul another purser
i or assistant purser shall report for duty.
i' The amendment was agreed to.
Mr CHASE. I know that some Senators who
are absent desire to have an opportunity-of look-
ing into this bill when it shall have, been perfected
according to the wish of the committee. I desire
to have it printed as amended, and then to post-
pone its further consideration until to-morrow, and
I make that motion.
Mr. STOCKTON. I hope the Senator from
Ohio, considering the late period of the session,
the importance of this bill, and that it adds but
little to the Navy, will consent to allow it to be
put upon its passage now. I want to make this
day memorable in the annals of the Senate for a
right-down, working,useful, and practical day.
Mr. CHASE. The Senate has manifested a
very general disposition to follow the lead of the
" Committee on Naval Affairs, which is so wor-
| thily represented on this occasion by the Senator
j from New Jersey, and acquiesced in all the amend-
! meats proposed by him. I think, however, it is
1 due to ourselves that this bill should be printed,
j in order that we may look at it in the shape which
it has assumed as it now stands amended. It is
j now perfected, and is .in its final form, and it
! seems to me that it is proper that we should have.
it printed as it is amended; and then we can look
into it, and decide-upon it understandingly.
Mr. BADGER. Would not the purpose of the
Senator from Ohio be answered by allowing the
bill to be ordered to be engrossed for a third read-
ing, and then it can be printed, and Senators can
have it before them when it comes up to-morrow
on its passage?
Mr. STOCKTON. I hope the Sefiator will
yield to that suggestion.
Mr. CHASE. Certainly.
Mr. HAMLIN. I desire to call the attention
i, of the Senator from New Jersey to another feature
! of this bill, which I think requires amendment.
! The fifteenth section provides for the pay of the
! assistant pursers, and fixes it at $1,000 per annum,
j and it makes no distinction between the pay of the
' assistant pursers, when doing duty and when
waiting orders. I think it would be well to amend
the bill, by providing that they shall have $1,000
when waiting orders, and $1,200 when on duty.
Mr. MALLORY. I Would say to the Senator
from Maine, that the salary of the assistant pur-.
sers fixed at $1,000 is, I know, very low; but the'
assistant purser is a new grade from which the
pursers are. to be selected-, and no purser, as a
matter of course, will be promoted from this grade,
until he shall have seen a certain quantity of sea
service. The assistant pursers in small vessels
will be kept in constant employment, and you will
scarcely ever find one of them waiting orders.
The salary proposed is, I know, very small; but
the difficulty in regard to the amendment suggested
is, that the Committee on Naval Affairs of the .
House and of the Senate, have agreed to the
amendments as they have been adopted, and we
have it in our power now to Bend the bill to the
House as it stands, and say that not a dollar has
been added to it. I am unwilling to see a single
dollar added to the salary of any officer in the
Navy, as provided in this bill as it now stands. I
hope, that as this is a very small item, the Senator
will yield.
Mr. HAMLIN. I withdraw the amendment.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading.
Mr. GWIN. I now move that the bill be or-
dered to be printed as amended.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. I voted with the majority on the
engrossment of the bill, and 1 move to reconsider
the vote by which it.was ordered to be engrossed.
That motion can lie over till to-morrow.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fbot in
the chair.) The question is on the motion to re-,
consider.
Mr. HALE. If the question is to be taken now,
1 withdraw the motion, but I may renew it to-,
morrow. ...
Mr. STOCKTON. I desire to make a motion
to reconsider the vote by which the bill was or-
dered to be engrossed for a third reading.
Mr. HAMLIN. I know very well that that M
the practice of the House, but I shall regret to see
that practice introduced here. I hope the Senator
will withdraw the motion.
* Mr. DAVIS. So do I. I hope the practic*
will not be introduced here.
Several Senators. Withdraw the motion.
Mr STOCKTON. I bow under the rebuke of
the Senator from Maine, and withdraw-the mo-
tion.
