1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
493
hand, that there are other individuals who hold
mortgages upon real estate, which would yield
tlieiu a thousand dollars of that light coin, and we
turn round and say to the individual who bor-
rowed a thousand dollars, and gave the mortgage
as security, that he shall pay it in a heavier coin.
This would bear heavily on the debtor. He must
pay not only the legal interest, but he must pay,
in addition, the loss which the currency of the
country has suffered in consequence of the depre-
ciation of the coin. This would be an act of in-
justice to the debtor, and while it would give to
the creditor from three to five per cent, more than
he was entitled to, it would take the same amount
from the debtor more than he ought to pay. For
this reason I say, if we were to adopt the remedy
of the gentleman from Tennessee the Govern-
ment of the United States would be compelled,
injustice and good faith, to redeem these light ;
coins with the heavier ones. Let us takecarethat
*e do no injustice to the holders of this coin. Let
us hold in sacred regard these principles of justice.
It is by act of Congress that the value of thatcoin
is fixed, and if that standard is changed, we are
responsible for the loss to the holders of it.
Mr. DUNHAM. The gentleman from New
Jersey has to a great extent, by his reply, accom-
plished the object [ had in view. If the gentleman
from Tennessee had started soon enough he might
have afforded his remedy. Suppose to-day ne
gives his note to pay SICK) fn the amount of gold
contained in one hundred dollars'"worth of gold
coin of to-day. Well, to-morrow we pass this
bill, and thereby change the standard of gold,
and the debt which he might have paid with the ,
amount of gold m one hundred dollars' worth of
gold coin in circulation at the time of its contrac-
tion, he wi!l to-morrow have to pay with an in-
creased quantity of gold, which you may put in
■your heavier coin.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Decidedly, sir.
Mr. DUNHAM. And I ask "the gentleman
from Tennessee, because he is pretty clear in his
opinions, whether he proposes in that manner to
legislate for the capitalists off the country, to whom ,
the debts are coming, at the expense of the debtors, ,
■who are the poorer close of the community ? Or ,
will he hither legislate m favor of the debtors rat
no expense?
I desire, with the permission of the gentleman,
to make an inquiry with respect to one other thing.
It is this: Suppose a debt be dure which Was by
the debtor agreed to lie pafd in gold. Tf the value
of gold instead of depreciating had increased, I
would nsk the gentleman from Tennessee whether
he would entertain the presumption that the cred-
itor, in consideration of that fact, would be "willing
to throw off soraeofthedebt? For instance: I agree
to pay one hundred dollars in gold, and because
gold, before the paymento'f the debt, has increased
in value, it would be the gentleman's argument, ,
that the creditor would be willing to take a less
quantity of gold in satisfaction of the debt. I
think otherwise. I-am of the opinion, that when
we enter into a contract to pay $100 in gold, we
place ourselves under obligation to pay the quan- |
titres of gold in $ 100 of corn. We both assume
responsibility. If the value of gold is increased I j
lose, and if it is diminished he loses. The gentle- :
man would say that the debtor should take the
whole responsibility, that if the value of gold be
increased the creditor should realize nothing, and
if it be diminished he shall assume the consequent
loss. ;
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Now, whether the
mistake be in myself, or those who take an oppo- '
Bite position, depends very much on what we con-
sider value to be.
Mr. DUNHAM. Let me give the gentleman
an illustration, so that he may clearly understand
my view of the matter. Were I to make a contract
with the gentleman to pay him one hundred bush-
els of wheat, which wheat was worth at the time
0100, and its value increased five dollars—instead ;
of «.100 being really worth $105—would the gen-
tleman be willing to pay five dollars in addition ? ,
I presume not. Or if the value of the wheat had
diminished five dollars, would he expect me to add :
five dollars' worth of wheat more in payment of
the debt? This is a precise illustration of the
case. ,
Mr. JONES. As I have already stated, the 1
mistake, whether of myself or those who hold op- i
posite opinions, depends oh what we consider the I:
value to be. The gentleman considers the value
to be in the gold, while I, on the contrary, consider
it to be the wheat 
Mr. DUNHAM. Not at all; the gentleman
misapprehended me. The standard I mean is
this 
Mr. JONES. He supposes, the value to be in
the gold, and I, inthe wheat. Forinstance: If he
giveone dollar, five dollars, two pennyweights, or
an ounce of gold for a bushel of wheat, that bushel
of wheat will support his life as long at one price
as at the other. Now, the gentleman has property
to-day which he is desirous of selling, and he sells
it for $100, based on the standard value of gold at
the time, payable in twelve months; he wishes to
get that $100 twelve months afterwards for the
purpose of purchasing wheat. At the present
time he, perhaps, could get that wheat at one dol-
lar per bushel, or for the $100 one hundred bushels.
It happens that between now and the expiration
of the twelve months, when the debt is due, the
quantity of gold in the country has exactly doubled,
while there is no addition to the wheat. It has no
more nutriment in it, and it Would Support life no
longer then than now; btt, in consequence of the
increased quantity of gold, the price of wheat has
doubled, and instead of getting one hundred bush-
els of w'heaft for the amount of'the debt, the gen-
tleman will only get fifty bushels. Would he, or
would the gentleman from New SVrsey, be willing
to reimburse all those thus subjected to loss by the
augmentation of the gold in circulation?
Mr. SKELTON. I will answer tire gentleman's
inquiry now, for fear that I should forget it. He
Wants to kno'tor why We ought not to reimburse
the holder of the wheat, who has lost by the in-
crease of gold. I will tell the gentleman: weowght
to reimburse him for this reason: Congress has
never been silly enoifgh to 'irtiprefm any e<itHmer-
cral valne on a btfshel of Wheat. That matter iB
left entirely -under the Control of commerce. With
gold, however, it is qoitfe difleWrit. We have se-
lected gold -as the representative of fctt ©tiier com-
modities in exchange^rfdVelrtiVfefrtHeed </A that,
as well as oh silver, h specific'Value. But the rela-
tnre value of the metals has changed, and it is for
that reason we should reimburse their holders.
We do it o« the faith of Oongfess, because we
hnvefixed their value inoTder that "we Should have
something to i-epresent the commodities of the
country. Gold and silver are Merely the repre-
sentatives of so much labor,'and we should reim-
burse in'order-to carry-out in good faith the acts
of Congress.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I want to call
the attention of the gentleman from Indiana—the
legal gentleman 
Mr. SKELTON. 1 will yield to the gentleman
to propound an inquiry to me, but not that he shall
interrogate others.
Mr. JOHNSON. I will put the question then
to the gentleman from New Jersey. An interrog-
atory has been propounded with reference to the
making of a contract for one hundred bushels of
wheat; now, suppose that when the contract was
( entered into, the bushel contained so mnch, with-
! crat reference to the price; 1 Would "ask the gentle-
man from New Jersey and the gentleman from
Indiana whether they can come forward, change
the standard, and afterwards pay the debt ?
Mr. SKELTON. I have already answered the
question of the gentleman. We are not respon-
sible for the commercial value of a bushel of wheat,
because Congress has never fixed it.
Mr. JOHNSON. I want my question under-
stood. I say that the legislation in that case, by
changing the Standard, changes the nature of the
contract. The wheat might go tip or down in
price if you let the standard of the bushel alone.
But have you the authority to come forward and
change the standard by which the bushel is to be
measured ?
Mr. SKELTON. The gentleman has Pan-
dered from the question. He loses sight of the
fact that gold is made the medium of exchange for
all commodities in our community, while wheat
is left as a commercial article like all others. The
reason we have chosen gold as the exchange for
all other commodities is, that it is small in bulk,
of great value, -and convenient. Another Teason
is, that it is not subject to the fluctuations of the
products of labor. It is more permanent in its
value; and I 'will call 'the attention of the House I
to the fact, that the whole difficulty springs from I
our having two metals as a medium of exchange
instead of one.
In Holland, silver has been selected as the only
legal tender for debts, and in England gold is made
the legal tender in payment of debts over ft speci-
fied amount. By these means those countries
have Remedied the difficulties under which we are
now laboring. In the experiments we have been
making, we have lost sight of these difficulties.
Convenience makes it necessary for us to have
silver as Well as gold. Gold is too Valuable, and
makes too Srtiall a coin for & sum less than a dol-
lar; and even down to that sum the currency is so
Small that it is not convenient. Hence, we are
under the necessity of having a less valuable metal,
in order to have larger coins fol- small Sums of
money, and we have come down as far as copper
coin, for a silver Cent would be too small for con-
venience. We labor under a difficulty, therefore,
in consequence of the necessity for convenience,
to have small change. The remedy the Senate
of the United States has proposed, will meet the
case, and inflicts injirry on nobody. We do not,
in this measure, legislate a single cent out of the
pockets of anybody, nor do we legislate into the
pockets of anybody a single cent. We fix the
relative value Of the two metals, and accomplish,
thus, an object of great advantage to the country.
We furnish a small changte for the small transac-
tions of business, and gold for the larger ones.
You Will perceive, Therefore, that we accomplish
all the objects proposed, and we do so without
doing injustice to anybody. It is for that reason
I contend that we have found the disease and un-
derstand it; that we have ascertained tire remedy
and know its operations.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I uYiderstand the
gentleman to say that this bill will not legislate a
cent out of the pocket, nor a cent in the pocket, of
any individual. Now,sir, I believe that it is admitted
the silver coin is Worth from three to five per cent,
in the market more than gold. This bill makes it
a mere shade of a fraction Under seven per cent.
Then, if we authorize a man to rnaks $107 out of
$100 in silver, which, with the addition, stands
for $105, do we not legislate two dollars into bis
pocket?—do we not legislate two dollars into the
pocket of every rtian in the possession of $100 in
silver ?
Mr. SKELTON. Certainty not, Mr."Speaker.
; Silver, it Will be borne in mind, is Worth the dif-
ference now, and no mam will pass a silver dollar
for one hundred cents, because he can get more
for it in the market. If the Congress of the Uni-
ted States makes the silver coin lighter than its
commercial Valore, it will paiss only Tor What it is
received for in market. No man yet has the new
coin, and, therefore, no man is benefited. If there
be any benefit, it is to the United States,but all
participate alike in that particular.
I have now a few remarks to make with regard
to the amendments that have been proposed to the
bill. When I have made them I shall take my
seat.
Mr. MACE. Has the morning bouT expired?
The SPEAKER. It hiis.
Mr. MACE. I then call up the privileged
motion I indicated on yesterday for consideration.
It is the motion to reconsider the vote by which
bill No. 200, to admit railroad iron free of duty,
Was laid on the table.
The SPEAKER. It is questionable, under the
rule, whether the floor can be taken from the gen-
tleman from New Jersey to ckll up that motion.
The morning hour has expired, bat the gentleman
can only be arrested at the termination of the
morning hoar by the submission of the motion
that the House proceed to the consideration of the
business on the Speaker's table.
Mr. ORR. I move that the House proceed to
the consideration of the business on the Speaker's
table.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move that tfhe House pro-
ceed to the business upon the Speaker's table, and
hi connection with th&tl move to saspend the rules,
and that the House resolve itself into the Coifrmit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. 'CLINGMAN. I make the point of order
tljfit the gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Hocston]
has no right to make these two motions. They
are inconsistent with each other.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from South
Carolina [Mr. Orr] made the motion to proceed
to the butrfatife ttpWi the Speaker's tfcble. The
