Ib53.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOJBE.
495
is this bill taken up in preference to the business
upttn the Speaker's table?
The M^KVKEU. The Chair as;ain decides
that it is a question privileged in its character; so
much so, that u may be called up by any member
at any time when the House is not absolutely
engaged in the consideration of a particular bill,
whether from the Speaker's table or a report from
the committee.
Mr STANLY. I yield.
The tSPKAKER. The question is on laying
the motion to reconsider upon the table.
Mr. GERMAN. I desire to make a report from
the Committee cm Printing.
The 3PEAKKR. Itis notin order,in theopin-
ion of the Chair.
Mr. STUART. I desire the yeas and nays on
the motion to lay on the table the motion to recon-
sider the vote.
Mr. ROBBINS. Did the gentleman who moves
a reconsideration vote 111 the majority?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Buell,] who made the motion, is not
now living.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MACE. I ask if it is now in order to send
to the Chair the substitute which I desire to offer?
The SPEAKER. It is not, except by unani-
mous consent.
Mr. DEAN. I object.
The question was then taken, and it was de-
cided in the affirmative—yeas 95, nays 82, as fol-
lows;
YEA?5—Me«*i*. Charles Allen, John Appleton, William
Appietoii, Averett, Babcoek, David J. Bailev, Beale, Ben-
nett, Bowie, Barrows, Bu hy, Joseph Cable, Chandler,
Chapman, Clark, Curtis, GeoreeT. Pavi*, Dawson, Dean, t
Diuinuck, Duiicmi, Edfferton, Evans, Faulkner, Fay, Fick-
liu, Florence, Flovd, Henry M. Fuller, Gamble, Gaylord,
Gifui'tre, Goi>denow, Grow, Hamilton, I&ham G. Harris,
llascail. Haven, Hibhard, Holladay, Horstbrd, Hou>ion,
John \V. Howe, Thomas M. Howe, Ingersoll, Ives, Jen-
km*. Andrew John-son, John Johnson, George W. Jones,
J. Glanev Jone-a, George G. Ki £, Letcher, Little, Martin,
Mason, Me Donald, McLauahan, McNair, Meachain, Miner,
Henry D Moore, Morrison, Murphy, Murray, Newton, An-
drew P.irker, Penniman. Perkins, Phelps, Price, Reed,
Riddle, Rohhins, Robie, Russell, Sabine, Sackett, Scher-
merhorn, 2?cho<>lcrai't, Schoon maker, David L. Seymoui,
Ori«en S. Sejmour, SkeSton, Snow, Benjamin Stanton,
Abraham P. Stephens,Thaddeus Stevens, Siratton, Stuart,
Sutherland. Thurston, Tuck,Washburn, and Wildrick—95.
NAYS—Messrs. Abercroinbie, Barrere, Bell, Bocock,
Bowoe, Brag?, Brenton, Bnsss, Brooks, \lbertG. Brown,
E. Carritigrion Cabell, Caldwell, Lewis D. Campbell,
Thomson Campbell, Cartter, Caskie, Chastain, Church-
well, Clemen*, Chngman, Cobb, Colcock, Conger, Cott-
mait. Culloin, Darby, John G. Davis, Disney, Dockery,
Eastman, Edinundson, Ewing, Freeman, Gentry, Gorman,
Green, Gr«*y, Hall, Harper, Sampson \V. Harris, Hend
ricks, flerm, Howard, Jackson, Robert W. Johnson. Lan-
dry, Lockhart, Mace, McCorkle, McQueen, Meade, Milter,
Million, Molony, John Moore, Morehead, Nabers, Olds,
Orr, Ouil.iw, Samuel W. Parker, Penn, Porter, Powell,
JPre-ton, Richardson, Ross, Scurry, Smart, Smith, Freder-
ick P. Stanton, Alexander H. Stephen**, St. Martin, Tay-
lor, Venable, Wallace, Ward, Watfcins, Welch, Wilcox,
Woodward, and Yates—82.
So the motion to reconsider was laid upon the
table.
PRINTING OF THE SEVENTH CENSUS.
Mr. GORMAN. I have been instructed by the
Committee on Printing to make a report, accom-
panied by a joint resolution, upon the subject of
the printing of the Seventh Census of the United
States, in obedience to a resolution of the House
referred to that committee a few days since.
The joint resolution was then read a first and
second time by its title, viz:
"Joint resolution providing for printing and binding the
returns of tbe Seventh Census."
Mr. GORMAN. The report is somewhat in
detail, and contains the estimates and bids of the
persons who have proposed to the committee to
do this work. It also contains an appendix, giv-
ing the estimates under the public contractor's ,
prices, and a report from the Superintendent of
Printing. It will require a little investigation,and
I therefore move that the report be recommitted
and printed. I also ask that it may be passed
over informally until Saturday, that the joint reso-
lution and the report may be before the House in
a printed form.
The SPEAKER. Ordinarily, the question on
committing is taken first.
Mr. GORMAN. Well, I ask the House to
pass that over informally until Saturday.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The gentleman
had better let the question be taken on the motion
to recommit and print. He can report again on
Saturday, or at any other time he please*.
Mr. GORMAN. 1 am aware of that fact; but
1 might not, perhaps, have an opportunity to have
it printed.
Mr. JONES. We can order it to be printed i
now.
The question was then put upon the motion to
print, and it was agreed to.
Mr. STEPHEN S, of Georgia. I move to post-
pone the further consideration of the motion to
recommit until Saturday next.
The motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing communications from the Treasury De-
partment; which were severally disposed of as
indicated below, viz:
I. A communication from the Secretary of the
Treasuiy, transmitting copies of the estimates of
expenses for the Legislative Axsembly of Minne-
sota for the next fiscal year, with an accompany-
ing letter fiom the First Comptroller; which was
reierred to the Committee on Ways and Means,
and ordered to be printed.
II. A communication from the Treasury Depart-
ment, transmitting a statement of balances on the
books of the Register of the Treasury winch have
remained unsettled or appear to have been due
three years prior to the 30th of June, 1852; which
was laid upon the table.
III. A communication from the same Depart-
ment, transmitting, in compliance with the twen-
tieth section of the act of 26th August, 1842, a
detailed statement of the manner in which the
contingent fund of said Department for thp year
ending 30th September,has been expended; which
i was laid upon the table,and ordered to be primed.
PRIORITY OF BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER stated that the business first in
order was the first reading of the bill from the Senate
(No. 90) "granting to the State of Michigan the
' right of way and a donation of public lands for
' the purpose of constructing a canal or railroad
'across the peninsula of Michigan."
Mr. STANLY. I rise to a question of order.
I wish to bring up now the question whether the
unfinished business of yesterday does not take
precedence of all other business?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from North
Carolina raises the question of order, that the bill
which was up yesterday, granting lands to a rail-
road in Wisconsin, is the first business in order ;
to-day. The Chair decides that that bill is upon I
the Speaker's table in the fifth class.
• With regard to the orders of the day, if the !
gentleman from North Carolina will turn to the
27th rule, he will find that they cannot be taken up
until after the fifth class of business upon the
Speaker's table has been disposed of. The Chair
would like to have the ear of the House whilst he
reads the rule, and the House will then be able to
determine the point of order for itself. By turn-
ing to that rule, gentlemen will see the order of
business as prescribed by the rules. The rule
says:
" 27. Aft<v one hour shall have been devoted to reports
from committees and resolutions, it shall be in order, pend-
ing the consideration or discussion thereof, to entertain a
motion that the Jtou-e do now proceed to dispose of the
business on the Speaker's table, and to the orders of the
day—which being decided in the affirmative, the Speaker
, shall dispose of the business on his table in the following
order, viz:
" 1st. Messages and other Executive communications."
Well, we have passed to the business on the
Speaker's table by a vote of the House. That
' was done on yesterday, also, and on yesterday we
1 first took up " messages and other Executive com-
munications," and disposed of them.
I "2d. Messages from the Senate and amendments pro-
posed by the Senate to bills of the House."
That we also did yesterday, and are in the act
of doing to-day.
"3d. Bills and reioluhons from the Senate on their first
and second reading, that they be referred to committees and
put under way ; but if, on being read a second time—" f
As was the case with the bill on yesterday—
•' No motion be made to commit, they are to be ordered
to their third reading, unless objection be made; in which
case, if not otherwise ordered by a majority of the House,
they are to be laid on the table in the general tile of bills on
the Speaker's table, to be taken up in their turn."
Now, by the rule—not by any peculiar decision
of the Chair, but by the universal practice of all
his predecessors—that bill, the House having ad- :
ijourned yesterday without making any order in "
regard to it, is to be found in the fifth class, which
is:
^ "5th. Bills of the House and from the Senate, on the
speaker's tahle, on their engrossment, or on lienia onl 'ri-d
to a third reading, to be taken up and con-idered m the otder
of time in which they passed to a second reading."
The Chair decides that if theie is anything at
all in that rule, the bill is in that class of business,
being upon its engrossment, or rather, as it is a
Senate bill, on being ordered to a third reading.
Mr. STANLY. 1 call theaftention of the Chair
respectfully to the 58th rule, which is as follows:
''58. The unfinished business, m which the limine was
engaged at the l.i*t preceding adjournment, shall have the
preference in the ordersot the day; and 1111 motion on any
other business shall be received, without special leave of
tlie House, until the loriner is disposed of.''
I want to see what bearing that rule has upon
this matter.
The SPEAKER. That is in reference to the
unfinished business in the orders of tlie day.
Mr. STANLY. Then when shall we get at
that?
The SPEAKER. On Saturday next, when the
report of the Committee on Printing in relation to
the printing of the Seventh Census comes up, the
House having ordered it to be postponed until
then. The Chair will call the attention of the
gentleman from North Carolina to that portion of
the rule which follows the part in regard to the
fifth class of business. It reads thus:
"The messages, communications, and bills, on his table,
having been disposed ol', the Speaker shall then proceed to
call the orders of the day."
Now, if that bill be in the orders of the day, we
shall have to strip everything from the Speaker's
table before we can reach it.
Mr. STANLY. 1 understand the decision of
the Chair, and will not trouble the House with an
appeal.
The SPEAKER. "The gentleman from North
Carolina acquiesces in the decision of the Chair.
Mr. FREEMAN. I would inquireof the Chair
if the bill was ordered to a third reading before we
adjourned on yesterday ?
The SPEAKER. It was not. BeingaSenate
bill, the question was, f Shall the bill be read a
third time?"
Mr. FREEMAN. I desire, then, to call the at-
tention of the Chair to this point in the ease. The
Chair admits that the bill was not ordered to a
third reading. Now, under the third class of
business on the Speaker's table, we find the fol-
lowing:
" But if on being read a second time, no motion be made
to commit, they are to be ordered lo their third reading,
unless objection be made."
Mr. DEAN. I rise to a question of order.
! Hasan appeal been taken from the decision of the
Chair?
Mr. FREEMAN. I have the floor upon a
point of order.
The SPEAKER. If an appeal is taken, debate
is in order. Does the gentleman from Mississippi
appeal ?
Mr. FREEMAN. Yes, sir. I appeal from
the decision of the Chair, and I wish to state my
point of order. I hope the gentleman from New
York will not be so very uneasy.
Mr. DEAN. The appeal is not debatable, and
I move that it be laid upon the table .
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. No debate on the
priority of business is in order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is right.
Such is the rule. The appeal itself is not debat-
able, as it is on a question of priority of business.
The Chair would be very happy to hear the sug-
gestion of the gentleman from Mississippi, if it
was the pleasure of the House. But as the gen-
tleman from New York insists on the enforce-
ment of the rule, the Chair is compelled to decide
that the appeal is not debatable.
Mr. FREEMAN. The Chair stated that the
House acquiesced in the decision of the Chair. I
then rose to explain a point of order I wished to
make, and, if necessary, to take an appeal. The
gentleman from New York [Mr. Dean] interfered
and called me to order.
Mr. DEAN. I understand the Chair to decide
that the gentleman from New York was right.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from Mis-
sissippi appeals from the decision of the Chair,
he has a right to state simply the grounds on
which he appeals.
Mr. FREEMAN. That ia what I desire to da
