THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON D. C.
32d Congress, lsf Session.
FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 4, 1853.
New Series No. 32.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Does thegentleman deny '
the figures :
Mr. DAVIS. I do. Is the gentleman satisfied?
There is a mistake of one hundred per cent, in his
figures.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Let us haveyour figures.
Air. DAVIS. The gentleman's error is not an
intentional one; but it is one likely to happen
where men are not confronted face" to face. Of
course it is unintentional, but I am informed, and
I understand that this very calculation, upon
which the House is called to change the present
system, instead of exhibiting a production of ten
thousand one hundred and fifty muskets for 1850,
shall exhibit a production of twenty thousand one
hundred and fifty-five muskets for the same year.
I further state—and it will turn out to be so—that
in making up and swelling up the cost of manu-
facturing muskets for the last ten years, the per-
sons making the estimate upon which the gentle-
man relies, have included all the cost of altering
one hundred and thirteen thousand four hundred
and six flint-lock muskets to percussion, and of
fabricating four hundred and fourteen thousand
one hundred and seventy-eight extra cones, ham- 1
mers, and screw-drivers, for muskets so altered,
amounting to $116,083 84.
They have put all that amount into the cost of
manufacturing muskeis.
Mr. FAULKNER. I do notknow, Mr Chair-
man, what statement the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts has seen. The only statement I have
is one I have very carefully made out.
Mr. DAVIS. The gentleman will understand
that 1 have already said if there are any errors, I
take it for granted that they are unintentional
ones. I say there are errors, I care not whose the
statement is. The very difficulty which the House
encounters in acting upon this subject, arises from
the fact that the committee seems to have avoided
seeking information in the quarters where the most
accurate information was to be found.
Mr. FAULKNER. There may be typographi-
cal errors in the printing.
Mi. DAVIS. The gentleman will find that the
errors to which I advert extend to the footings, and
taint the whole calculation. Twice during the
last ten years has Colonel Ripley been called upon
to meet these charges before courts of inquiry, and
he always met them successfully. When the
Committee on Military Affairs made their report
at the last session, in which they allege that the
cost of the manufacture of muskets has increased,
they entered into no details. They did not call
upon the Departments for information,and have
never, as I believe, gone to any authentic source
of information upon this subject.
Now, sir, I may be right in my statements, or
I may be wrong. They are just as likely to be
right as those of the committee. I will venture to
say that they were derived from quite as authentic
sources. But the point I most strongly wish to
impress upon the members of this House is, that
they ought not to rely, in their action, either upon
the statement of the committee, or upon my own.
It is not right as regards the man, and it is not
right as regards the system, that they should make
a change, without having full and official inform-
ation. I further state—which will be found to
be true upon an investigation of the facts—that
the total amount of muskets manufactured under
military superintendence is one hundred and forty-
one thousand ei^ht hundred and two, instead of
one hundred ana twenty thousand seven hundred
and ninety-four, as given by the figures upon
which the gentleman seems to rely. I tell the
gentleman further, that adopting his own figures,
with the corrections which I have above suggested,
and he will find that the price of the musket is still
forty-three cents less under the new than the old
■ystem, besides paying for all the new buildings
and machinery. 1 tell him, further, that he will
find, on an impartial investigation, that out of the
savings made in the cost of construction, every
building and all purchases and improvements in
the power of productions within ten years past have
been paid for, and a surplus of $61,000 besides. I
32
tell him that this sum has not been made, I am
most glad to say, by diminishing the amount
earned by the operatives, but partly by the advant-
ages of machinery, and partly by getting the full
benefit of the ten hours of labor for which the Gov-
ernment pays. He will find, if he will take the
trouble to inquire, that the average pay earned by
each operative per month, in 1840, was §37 87, and
that the average pay per month earned by each op-
erative in 1851, was $38 84. He will find that the
average daily pay of each man in 1840 was$l 51,
and in 1851 was $1 55. And yet with all this, the
cost of labor on each musket is reduced from $8 27
in 1841, to #4 43 in 1851, making a saving in that
item of $3 83 on each musket. And while every
man earn s more pay than before, the saving on cost
of labor in ten years equals $440,000 in that one
establishment. Buildings have been erected, spa-
cious, substantial, and massive. The grounds
occupied by the armory have been extended, and
the whole establishment made a model of order,
neatness, and efficiency; and every dollar of cost,
with a surplus of $61,000 beside, has been s%ved
to the Government by the enlightened and enter-
prising economy of the man who is sought to be
denounced here as wasteful.
I do not put my opposition to this amendment
upon the ground that I am more sure to be right
than the committee as regards these details; but
what I undertake to say is, that this House ought
not to act upon so important a subject while there
is such a controversy about material facts, and
while the committee whose business it was to as-
certain them has studiously avoided the authentic
sources of information.
Mr. FAULKNER. Whence does the gentle-
j man derive his authority for the statement that 1
the committee have studiously avoided going to
official sources for information ?
Mr. STANLY. I object to the gentleman from
Massachusetts being interrupted.
Mr. DAVIS. It gives me great pleasure to be
interrupted by the gentleman from Virginia, and
to answer any questions from him.
Mr. FAULKNER. Now, sir, without pre-
scribing a course for other gentlemen, I take this
occasion to state, that when I shall address the
House upon this question, I shall refer to nothing
but official data and official reports as the basis of
my information, and as the basis of the action of
the Committee on Military affairs.
Mr. DAVIS. I presume and hope that it will
so appear; and if that be the case, then I presume
the gentleman will arrive at this same result that
I have reached.
Mr. FAULKNER. We will see.
Mr. DAVIS. If he relies upon correct data, no
doubt he will; if he does not, he will draw an op-
posite conclusion.
Now, another word in relation to the character
and mode of supervision. In 1841, a change was
made from a civil to a military superintendency.
Since that time the establishment has become a
model of order, neatness, efficiency, and force.
Still, I admit the force of the suggestion, what if it
should turn out that accompanying these improve-
ments there has been tyranny and despotism and
caprice? The mere fact that there has been a sav-
ing will not, with a high-minded people and Gov-
ernment, serve as an excuse for a tyrannical use
of power. On this point, it is obviously more dif-
ficult to form an accurate judgment than on the
pecuniary results of the system. These are ex-
hibited by figures and show for themselves. It
is difficult to determine how much allowance should
be made for misrepresentation, for mistakes of
judgment, for the ill-will which resolute men in
responsible situations must almost necessarily en-
counter. An officer in the position of the superin-
tendent of the armory will of course, if he does ,
,his duty to the Government, make enemies; but it
Will be very singular if he does not occasionally
commit errors of temper or of judgment. Of the
charges brought against this superintendent, it
would perhaps be enough to say, that it is an out-
rage to judge him or any other man on ex parte '
statements. I
In the absenceof any evidence of a definite char-
acter, properly presented, I am driven to rely upon
certain general considerations. I reside some
foity miles from this armory, but I have always
had a general .knowledge of the state of its af-
fairs, its mode of operation and its government.
When the present superintendent came there, at
the time this change was made, there was through-
out the town of Springfield, among a great major-
ity of the inhabitants, a feeling little short of ha-
tred of him, and of the changes which he intro-
duced. And now, when this question comes up
again, it is perfectly natural, whether that feeling
still exists, or whether it has been to any extent
effaced by experience and time. Now, what evi-
dence have I upon that subject, which ought to
guide me in my action here?
There was presented here at the beginning of
the session, a paper which, according to my rec-
ollection, contained some seven or eight hundred
names, in favor of a change from a military to a
civil superintendency. Seeing some seven or eight
hundred names which I supposed to be of my
constituents, I thought it desirable to look further
into the matter. I caused that paper to be exam-
ined, and out of the whole number of names I only
found one hundred and seventy-one which were
upon the Springfield Directory. The rest, where
did they come from? What special interest had
they in this matter? Probably they were some
of the constituents of my friend from Connecticut,
[Mr. Ingersoll,] who work in the rival estab-
lishments in Connecticut. That !s all right. I
see my friend [Mr. Ingersoll] showed great can-
dor in stating some of his reasons for desiring
this change. 1 will read a part of his remarks,
that gentlemen may understand the leading mo-
tives of the course of my friend from Connecticut.
He says:
"Two of these manufactories are in my own district.
Now, sir, if this military system is carried out, it will end
in the withdrawal of all contracts from private individuals
and manufactories. I am opposed to the change so long
as private industry can furnish us with what the Govern-
ment wants."
Now, what is the meaning of that? Is it not
that these private manufacturers cannot manufac-
ture as cheaply as the Government can?
Mr. INGERSOLL. By reading further, the
gentleman will find that these manufacturers were
induced, under the operation of a law of Congress,
to enter into this kind of business, and this mili-
tary system will break up these private manufac-
tories.
Mr. DAVIS. Thegentleman says it will break
up the private establishments, because the Govern-
ment manufactures cheaper, and yet he turns
round, and says that this niilitary system is waste-
ful—in other words, that the civil superintendency
ought to be introduced, with the view of increas-
ing the cost of the musket, in order to enable
these private establishments to compete for con-
tracts. The gentleman will find among the pub-
lished papers the evidence of Mr. Pomeroy, an old
and highly respectable manufacturer, who frankly
admits, that under the old system, he could go
on and make money by contracting to furnish
Government with arms at the price which it cost
the Government to manufacture at Springfield;
but that it is now no longer possible, since the
late reductions of cost have been effected.
The Government had buildings, land, tools, and
work-shops, yet under the old system it did not
succeed in manufacturing as cheaply as the pri-
vate manufacturer alongside of the Government,
furnishing his own capital, and his own work-
shops. I want gentlemen to assume one position
or the other, and when they have taken it, to ad-
here to it. The gentleman from Connecticut [Mr.
Ingersoli.] takes the ground that the existing
system ought to be abolished, because arms are
so cheaply manufactured at the armories of the
United States, that private establishments cannot
live alongside of them. And, for aught I know,
the member from Virginia [Mr. Faulkner] will
argue that the system ought to be abolished be-
cause of the increased expenditure under the mili-
