1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
499
tee have power to send for persons and papers, and report I
tbt'rt-upon to the Senate.
Re*oii<\U That the tfuri committee aNo be instructed to
impi<rr into the expediency of a thorough reorganization ot'
th - Marine i orp>, so as to dispen>e with a large number of
oifieers >\ ho are, from the nature of their service, useless as
4* lield ortu'ers,"" above the ra?>k of captain, and ot so dis-
tributing .*mi employing the said Marine Corp* as to render
them etU'ctive tor the purposes to which they are suited,
aud tor which they were designed.
marcy's report.
Mr. SEBASTIAN submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, :ind agreed to:
He^olvcth That the Secretary of War be requested to
communicate to the Senate the report of Captain R. B.
M arcy of' hi< exploration ot the waters of Red river: and
if not ready by the ciomj oi the session, that the Secretary
of the Senate be authorized to have it printed for the use of
the Senate.
THE BROTH ERTON INDIANS.
Mr. WALKER submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Reioh ed, That the Committee on Indian Affairs be in-
structed l-> inquire and report to the Senate what Mini of
mom*y, if any. is equitably and justly due trom the United
Slates to the Brotiiert.nl tribe of Indians, now located in
tile State of \Viscousin.
PRESIDENTIAL VOTES.
Mr. HUN 1'ER, from the Joint Committee ap-
pointed on the 31st of January last, to ascertain
and report a mode for examining the votes for
President and Vice President of theUnited States,
and notifyins the persons elected of their election,
reported the following resolution; which was con-
sidered by unanimous consent, and agreed to.
Rewired, That the two Houses will assemble in the
Chamber of ttie House of Representatives on Wednesday,
the 9th instant, at twelve o'clock, and the President of the
Senate }to tern, shall be the presiding oflicer; that one per-
son be appointed a teller oil the part of Hie Senate, and two
on the part of the House of Representatives, to make a list
of the votes as they shall be declared ; that the result shall
be delivered to the President of the Senate pro tern., who
shall announce the state of the vote and the persons elected,
to the Houses assembled as aforesaid, which shall be deemed
a declaration of the persons elected President and Vice
President of the United States, and, together with a list of
votes, be entered on the Journals of the two Houses.
On motion, it was ordered, that the teller be ap-
pointed by the President pro temand Mr. Hun-
ter was appointed.
marine hospital.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I wish to offer the fol-
io wing resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be instruct-
ed to inquire i/ito the expediency of establishing a marine
hospital at Burlington, in the State of Iowa.
Mr. President, as the resolution is one simply
of inquiry, I ask the Senate to do me the favor to
act upon it now. I also ask that a letter of Dr.
John H. Ranch, containing some valuable sugges-
tions and statistics in support of the establishment
of a marine hospital at Burlington, on the Upper
Mississippi, may be also referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce.
The resolution was agreed to; and the letter was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
THE FISHERIES QUESTION.
Mr. DAVIS gave notice of his intention to ask
leave to introduce a bill concerning the fisheries.
committee on the library.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, was, on his motion, ex-
cused from serving on the Committee on the Li-
brary, because, as he said, he was already on two ,
committees, which engrossed nearly all his time.
On his motion it was ordered that the. President
pro tempore appoint a member to fill the vacancy in
said committee. In accordance therewith, Mr.
Batakd was appointed. ]
select committee on ether. 1
The motion submitted yesterday by Mr. Smith,
that the President pro tempore be authorized to fill
the vacancy in the Select Committee on anaesthetic
agents, was agreed to. ,
land donations in oregon.
Mr. BRIGHT. I ask the indulgence of the
Senate to take up this morning the bill from the
House of Representatives to amend an act entitled
"An act to create the office of surveyor general of
' the public lands in Oregon, and to provide for the
* survey, and to make donations to the settlers of
•the said public lands, "approved September 27th,
1850, which bill has been reported by the Com- |
mitee on Public Lands, with an amendment. The
reason why I make the motion now is, that Tues-
day next has been fixed by the House of Repre-
sentatives as the day on which they will consider
territorial business, and it is important that this
bill should be acted upon so that the amendment
may go there before that time. My impression is
that it will consume but a few moments.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the bill as in Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. BRIGHT. The amendment of the Com-
mittee on Public Lands I can state in a few words,
so as to obviate the necessity of reading it. The
original bill, passed in 1850, limited the beneficia-
ries of the donations to those settlers who should
arrive in the Territory before the first of Decem-
ber, 1853. The bill will therefore expire at that j
time; and the amendment of the Committee on j
Public Lands is to extend the provisions of the
former act, so as to grant to settlers who may ar-
rive before December, 1855, the same quantity of
land which was heretofore given or may be given
to those who may arrive there previous to that
time; and to give to the widows of those persons
who have died, who emigrated there, the same
amount of land that their husbands would be enti-
tled to if they had lived.
The amendment of the Committee on Public
Lands was agreed to, and the bill was reported to
the Senate as amended.
Mr. PELCH. Before the amendment is con-
curred in by the Senate, I wish to amend it in one
or two particulars. 1 move to strike out in the
fifteenth and sixteenth lines of the fourth page of
the printed amendment, the words " on or prior
to the 1st of December, 1853." It is an unneces-
sary repetition of a date, and keeping it in that 1
way may cause confusion.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FELCH. There is a blank in the amend-
ment which I wish to fill. It provides certain per-
centage for compensation for the receiver, to be j
appointed under the bill, for certain moneys re- I
ceived. The compensation of that officer is now 1
$2,500. I propose to increase it to $3,000 in con- !
I sequence of these additional duties, which is the
amount which registers and receivers, whose du-
ties he performs, are entitled to receive.
The amendment was agreed to, and the amend-
ment made in Committee of the Whole, as thus
modified, was concurred in; the amendments were
ordered to be engrossed, and the bill to be read a
third time. Thfe bill was read a third time and
passed.
warehousing system.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill to extend 1
the warehousing system by establishing private
bonded warehouses, and for other purposes.
Mr. HUNTER. I am very linxious, Mr. Pres-
ident, to dispose of this bill to-day. It is not my
purpose to make a speech in favor of it, for I
know that it would be killed quite as readily by a
speech in its favor as by one against it. I know
that the time of the Senate is precious, and in or-
der that 1 may consume as little of it as possible,
I will say that if I find that the provision, which
is the only one that has given rise to objection, is
still considered objectionable by gentlemen, I shall
be prepared to give way upon that in order to
carry through the other provisions of the bill
which will be beneficial to commerce. But I re-
gard the provision to which objection has been j
made, as so important, that I am not willing to
abandon it without some struggle. I wish, how-
ever, to consume a few minutes in presenting some |
reply to the views urged yesterday by the Senator
from New Jersey, [Mr. Miller,] saying at the
same time, that if the opposition to this feature,
although a minority, should be determined not to
suffer the bill to pass without a modification of
that portion of it, I shall submit to that modifica-
tion, in order to get the other provisions through;
but I Shall reserve the right to myself, at another ,
session, when there will be more time, to bring up
as a separate and isolated measure, the question
upon the extension of the time for allowing goods
to remain in warehouse.
It seems to me, sir, that the Senator from New
Jersey was wrong in supposing that this extension ,
would operate in any way to the prejudice of the j
manufacturing interests. He says it would be i
prejudicial, because it would be readopting the old
credit system in relation to duties, and because if
we allow these facilities for storing goods here,
our markets will be Hooded with foreign goods. I
think he is mistaken in both positions. In regard
to the first, I would say that this is very different
from the old credit system. Under that system,
the duties were not required to be paid until the
goods had passed into consumption. Under this
bill, whenever the goods are taken out of the
warehouse, the cash is to be paid before they can
pass into consumption. It can make very little
difference, so far as that question is concerned,
whether the goods be taken out of warehouse in
Liverpool or in New York.
The Senator from New Jersey supposes that the
practice of storing goods here will be prejudicial
to the manufacturers, because it would enable
foreigners to flood our markets at a time when
goods were about to rise in prices. Why, sir, if
he will look into the matter a little, he will find that
this is one great step to secure the very thing
which the manufacturers desire so earnestly, and
that is, steadiness in prices. Under the proposed
system, when the prices are low, it would be to
the interest of those who hold goods to store them
in warehouse, for the purpose of waiting for in-
creased prices, and thus it will prevent prices
descending to so low a level as would otherwise
be the case. And when prices are high, owing to
the scarcity of supply, that supply will be aided
by the goods already in warehouse, and thus they
will be prevented from ascending to as high a price
as otherwise. Thus, the operation of this bill will
have a tendency to secure the very thing which
the manufacturers so much desire—steadiness and
stability in prices.
So, too, in regard to freights and to the navi-
gating interest; and it is especially important in
this point of view. When the prices of freights
are low, then, under the operation of this bill,
our vessels will be employed in distributing the
goods of the world, or rather in collecting them
and bringing them to the depots on our shores.
Not only this, but it is obvious that inasmuch as
this system would increase the general wealth of
the country and its capacity to consume, it would
to that extent benefit the manufacturers. Not only
j must it be beneficial to them, in that point of view,
but now, when we are engaged in a competition
for the commerce of the world, it would benefit
the manufacturers, and by enabling them to obtain
an assorted cargo at home, whenever they wish
to send their manufactures abroad.
I So that, in all these points of view, it seems to
me this system would be much more beneficial
than prejudicial to the manufacturing interests.
But, sir, does not the honorable Senator from
New Jersey perceive that he will not, by rejecting
this bill, obviate the difficulty, if difficulty it be,
that these goods would be stored, and out of the
storehouses would flood our markets, and ex-
clude our own people from the business? This
! system is allowed in Great Britain, and the con-
] sequence will be, that if we do not adopt it, in-
I stead of getting goods from the storehouses in
New York, you will get them from the storehouses
j in Great Britain; so that you will still have that
I evil to encounter, if evil it be. The only differ-
] ence would be, that instead of allowing our own
| citizens to enjoy the profits of the business of
I storage, and our navigating interest to enjoy the
| advantages which would be derived from thus
concentrating goods upon this continent, and ena-
I bling them to take an assorted cargo to any of the
| markets of the world, if you reject the bill, it would
i be an advantage which would be exclusively en-
i joyed by the British merchant, the British ship-
j owner, and the British store-owner.
It is not my purpose to consume time; but I
find that the benefits of this warehouse system
were so concisely stated aDd so truly stated by
Mr. Walker, late Secretary of the Treasury, in
his report upon that subject, that I wish to call
the attention of the Senate to it, for the purpose of
showing the benefits which he thus enumerates.
He says we will derive these benefits from this
system:
"1st. The freights upon the importation of the goods.
2d. The freights upon such as are reexported. 3d. The
storage. 4tli. The insurance whilst on deposit, as well as
when imported or exported. 5th. The labor attending the
landing, receiving, and reshipments, including the wnaft-
age. drayage, cartage, craneage, hoisting, stowing, piling*
packing, repacking, &c. 6tU. The profit upon the sale of
