1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
than one o'clock to-morrow, so that we may have !
half an hour for the other bill.
Mr. HUNTER. I am willing- to go on with
this bil1 now, and dispose of it.
Mr. GWIN. I withdraw my motion to post-
pone.
Mr. HlTNTER. I will make no objection to
the amendment of the Senator from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Dams.] but at the same time I give
notice that I shall raise the question at the next
session.
Severs! Senators Very well.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MILLER. I now move the amendment
which 1 indicated yesterday. It is to insert in the
fourth section, afterthe word " merchandise," the
words " except iron in bars, blooms, bolts, loops,
pigs, rods, slais, and castings." I will s'ate, very
briefly, why I offer the amendment, and the effect
which it will have. I do not want any depot
iu New York for the storage of foreign iron, even
for reexportation. One reason assigned for such
a provision in the report of Mr. Secretary Walk-
er, from which the Senator from Virginia read, is
that it will enable us to obtain, without delay in
our ports, assorted cargoes of our own products
and fabrics, as well as those of other countries,
of every quality, character, and price. The prod-
uct of iron is, if anything, one of the great prod-
ucts of this country. It is manufactured here, and
we wis!', to encourage that manufacture, not only
by consumption in the country, but by supplying
foreign countries. We have the means to enable
us to do it, therefore I think it is not necessary,
even to obtain assorted cargoes, that we should
encourage an importation of iron from abroad,
and place it in warehouse in our commercial me-
tropolis for any length of time for that purpose.
For this reason, I ask that the article of iron shall
be excepted from the operations of this bill. This
will not interfere with commerce at all, but it will
at the same time give encouragement to the man-
facturing interest.
Mr. GWIN. I hope the amendment will be
voted down.
Mr. HAMLIN. It seems to me that the dis-
cussion of this amendment would open the whole
question of ll.e tariff". But having adopted the
amendment proposed by the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, we should certainly stop there. I was
for the bill as reported, but still I was very willing
to take that amendment of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts as a compromise; and I was glad that
the Senator from Virginia did so. As the bill
now stands, and as the existing law now is, the
article of iron has to pay the duty fixed by law,
and is only allowed to remain in warehouse for
twelve months, if the object is to withdraw it for
domestic consumption. If you are to exclude
iron, there are other productions that enter into
the consumption of the whole country in which
peopleare vastly more interested than that of iron;
and if this article is to be excluded from the oper-
ation of the tariff or of this bill, you must cer-
tainly exclude others. It seems to me that this
opens up the whole tariff discussion, and I hope it
will not be adopted.
Mr. MILLER. The Senator is mistaken in
supposing that my amendment excludes iron from
the operation of the tariff duty.
Mr. HAMLIN. I do not suppose so.
Mr. MILLER. The only design of the amend-
ment is, that American iron shall have the prefer-
ence in the fitting out of the assorted cargoes to
which Mr. Secretary Walker refers. We are en-
titled to that preference by locality. We have
iron here; we manufacture it here; and I wish to
sustain that preference in whatever adjustment we
may make with regard to these warehouses. The
amendment can injure no one. It does not pre-
vent the importation of any amount of iron from
abroad for the consumption of this country or for
our domestic market. It simply prevents keeping
it here in warehouse for the purpose of giving it a
freference in our exportations to other countries,
f our ship-owners, if our commercial men, in
fitting out their cargoes to supply other countries,
will not give this small ad vantage to our own manu-
factures, I must say that they claim a privilege
rather of a selfish order. For this reason I wish
to except this great article of national production
from the operations of this bill. I call for the
yeas and nays upon the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question being taken on the amendment by
yeas and nays, resulted—yeas 14, nays 31; as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bell, Brodhead, Clarke, Cooper, Foot,
Gt ver, Jones of Tennessee, Miller, Morton, I'rart, Smith,
Spruauee, Underwood, and Wade—14.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Atchison, Badger, Bayard,
Bradbury, Bright, Cass, Charlton, Chase, Dodge of "Wis-
consin, Dodge of Iowa, Douglas, Downs, Fulch, Fis.li,
Fitzpatriek, Gwin, Hamlin, Houston, Hunter, Jones of
Iowa, Mangum, \orris, I'ettit, Rusk, Seward, Shields,
Sumner, Toucey, Walker, and Weller—31.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. DAVIS. I omitted to vote on that amend-
ment, because I could not, in so complicated a
question as this, understand what relation that
amendment could bear to existing laws. I could
not, in other words, see where iron was to be left
by the proposition; and, therefore, I felt justified
in not voting one way or the other.
Mr. JAMES. I omitted to vote on the amend-
ment, for the reason that the Senator from Vir-
ginia consented to an amendment which I consid-
ered a compromise. While up, I will say that I
am opposed to the whole system; but I am not
prepared at this time to go into the fiicts.
Mr. BRIGHT. As gentlemen are stating the
reasons why they did not vote, I will say that my
reason for voting against the amendment, and the
reason why I shall vote for the bill is, that I think
the bill will be one step towards free trade; and I
am anxious to reach that as soon as possible.
Mr. RUSK. It is very evident that we cannot
reach a vote on the bill to-day.
Mr. HUNTER. We can take the vote now.
Mr. RUSK. There are amendments to be
offered. The Senator from New York has some.
Mr. FISH. The only amendments which I
have to offer are verbal, and will not occupy two
minutes. I propose to amend the first section in
the clause, " the cellars or vaults aforesaid shall
' be exclusively appropriated to the storage of
• wines or distilled spirits, and shall have no open-
' ing or entrance except the one from the street, on
' which joint locks of the custom-house and the
• owner or proprietor of the cellars or vaults shall
'be placed," by striking out "joint" and insert-
ing " separate." There should be two locks—one
belonging to the owner, and one to the custom-
house.
Mr. HUNTER. I agree to that. It is right.
The amendment was made by unanimous con-
sent.
Mr. FISH. There is a typographical error in
the fourth section, which should be corrected. It
now reads, " and likewise all merchandise not
'remaining in warehouse under bond, may con- (
' tinue in warehouse without payment of duties i
' thereupon for a period of three years." "Not" ,
should be " now."
The correction was made by unanimous consent.
Mr. FISH. I move to amend the fourth sec-
tion in the following proviso:
" Provided, however, That where the duties i-hall have
been paid upon any goods, wares, or merchandise entered
for consumption, said duties shall not be refunded on ex-
! portation of any such goods, wares, or merchandise, with-
out the limits of the United States,"
—by striking out "have been," and inserting
" hereafter be." Duties have been paid upon many
foods heretofore, which the parties are entitled to
ave refunded. I want to avoid any conflict with
existing rights, and make the proviso applicable
only to th e duties which '' shall hereafter be paid.''
Mr. HUNTER. I have no objection to the
amendment, with the simple reservation that I do
not mean to affirm, by agreeing to it, that the re-
introduction of the debenture system has been law-
ful. Upon that I reserve my opinion.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WALKER. I move to amend the fourth
section by inserting after " merchandise "—which,
I believe, was the point the Senator from New
Jersey proposed to amend—the words " except
wheat, corn, barley, beef, and pork."
Mr. SEWARD. I will vote for that amend-
ment, and in saying so, I wish to make one word
of explanation. Senators have explained why
they did not vote on the amend ment of the Se ator
from New Jersey, and why they voted a particular
i way. I suppose it must be legitimate, therefore,
to explain why I voted both ways. On the divis-
ion I voted for the amendment, and on the yeas
j and nays I voted against it, because I at first sup-
I posed that it would have allowed the importation
501
of iron and storage for one year when it was for
exportation; but, on critical examination—too late
to make any comment upon it—just before my
name was called I ascertained that it would ex-
clude the iron to be stored from the market; there-
fore, on the yeas and nays I changed my vote.
Mr. WALKER. I will explain my motives in
offering this amendment. I represent an agricul-
tural region of the country, which is removed at
a considerable distance, however, from the great
dep6t of importations for the country—New York.
By the present system of New York improve-
ments, Canada is brought into the New York
market about three weeks earlier in the spring,
j and retains the market from three to six weeks
later in the fall, than the country which I repre-
sent. The result is, that Canada is always pre-
pared—Canada wheat, corn, barley, and other
articles, are always in the market, and ready to
take advantage of the best prices, in competition
with the Northwest and the Mississippi valley,
in consequence of this bonding system. There
they are already in the market some three or four
weeks ahead of us, after the opening of the public
works in the spring, and they are there after us in
the fall, on the close of navigation. The Canadian
stores, then, take advantage of the best markets
in both seasons. The market, consequently, is
supplied at both extremities of the season, by the
Canadian articles which are accumulated there.
The object of the amendment is to prevent their
storage to be thus'in competition with the agricul-
tural section of our country.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope that no exception will
be made in regard to particular commodities, and
that we shall not make this bill the means of al-
tering the existing acts in regard to this matter of
storage of grain, &c., which was adopted a long
time since. We are not going to extend it in
this bill; we leave it as it is. I hope the bill will
not be used as the means for an effort to repeal
the existing provision in regard to it. I hope the
amendment will not be agreed to, and that no ex-
ception of any commodities will be made.
The yeas and nays were ordered on the amend-
ment.
Mr. FELCH. Let the section, as it will stand
with the proposed amendment, be read.
It was read, as follows:
" Sec. 4. shut be it further enacted, That all goods, wares,
and merchandise, except wheat, corn, Barley, beef, and
pork, which may be hereafter duly entered for warehousing
under bond, and likewise all merchandise now remaining
in warehouse under bond, may continue in warehouse
without payment of duties thereupon for a period of three
years from the date of original importation, and may be
withdrawn for consumption on due entry and payment of
the duties and charges, or upon entry for exportation,
without the payment of duties at any time within the
period aforesaid; in the latter case the goods to be subject
only to the payment of such storage and charges as may be
due thereon: Provided, however, That where the duties
shall hereafter be paid upon any goods, wares, or merchan-
dise entered for consumption, said duties shall not be re-
funded on exportation of any such goods, wares, or merchan-
dise without the limits of the United States: J3nd provided
further, That there shall be no abatement of the duties, or
allowance made for any injury, damage, deterioration, loss
or leakage sustained by any goods, wares, or merchandise
whilst deposited in any public or private bonded warehouse
established or recognized by this act: -And provided further,
That nothing herein contained shall extend the time of with-
drawing goods for consumption beyond one year."
Mr. WALKER. The section as it now reads,
so far as my amendment affects it, is:
"That all goods, wares, and merchandise, which may
be hereafterduly entered for warehousing under bond, and
likewise all merchandise now remaining in warehouse
under bond„may continue in warehouse without payment
of duties thereupon for a period of three years from the date
of original importation, and maybe withdrawn," 8tc.
I propose the amendment to make the section
read " that all goods, wares, and merchandise, ex-
cept wheat, corn, barley, beef, and pork," shall
be thus indulged. I did not wish to consume time
before, or I would have gone on to remark further
upon the operation of the bondage system in New
! York, as making Canada a competitor with our
western interests. It is this: The provisions from
Canada being in store in New York, can be with-
drawn for exportation without the payment of any
duty. The Canadian dealers, watching, as they
are of course, the markets, if they can withdraw
and reach the foreign market, and get a good sale,
they will do so; but if they find the prices up in
j our country, they can compete with us after the
payment of duties. They then withdraw for con-
sumption, pay the duties, and sell. They are,
! consequently, in store there ahead of the Missis-
