502
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 4,
sippi valley with these articles, for the purpose not I
only of monopolizing the home consumption mar-
ket, but of reaching the foreign market before us.
It is an oppressive operation. 1 have long looked
at it, and intended to call the attention of the Sen-
ate to it, and do so intend hereafter. But at this
time I feel it my duty, upon this bill, to make the
proposition to exclude these articles from the ben- ;
efits which are to be given under the bill generally
in regard to other merchandise. These are prod-
ucts of our own country. From the proximity
of Canada, and her position in regard to the At- i
lantic sea-board, every one must know that she
has the advantage now in the competition with the
Mississippi valley, and it is a matter which gen-
tlemen can judge of very easily whether they will
affirm this depositing system, to be thus in com-
petition with the agricultural interests of their own
country; or whether they will, so far as they can,
remove the embarrassments which are in the way
of those interests.
Mr. BRODHEAD. My friend from Wiscon-
sin has made so good an argument in favor of his
amendment, that I hope he will be willing now to 1
extend it, so as to include iron. I therefore pro-
pose to amend that amendment by adding to it,
"iron in bars, blooms, bolts, loops, pigs, slats,
and castings." If we depart at all from what I
supposed to be the understanding when the Sena-
tor from Virginia withdrew his opposition to the
amendment offered by the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, I hope that this amendment to the
amendment of the Senator from Wisconsin will
bp agreed to. I hope he will agree to accept it as
a part of his own; because, if there is any reason
for making the exception in favor of the articles
which he has named, the same reason applies to
the kinds of iron which I have suggested.
Mr. HUNTER. I think the Senator from Wis-
consin will perceive that there can be no necessity 1
for his amendment, even upon his own view. The
bill proposes to extend the period of warehous-
ing, provided that it is for exportation, for three
years. It does not come into competition with the
products of his portion of the country for the do- i
mestic supply at all. And in regard to the three '
years' storage for exportation, it is not likely that
they will store provisions for three years. That
would be a most unlikely thing.
Mr. CASS. That is precisely what I was go- ,
ing to suggest to the honorable Senator.
Mr. HUNTER. The only effect of the amend-
ment will be to embarrass the bill. If it is agreed
to, other Senators will introduce articles in which
their States are supposed to be specially interested,
and the result will be that we shall destroy the
whole object of the bill.
Mr. WALKER. I did not anticipate that the
amendment would have much effect upon the pro-
vision of the bill allowing storage and withdrawal
•within three years for exportation. I adverted
to that fact, and intended to apply it in relation
to free trade, perhaps with Canada; but I shall
not do it. Time is too precious. But it will
have the effect, in the other point of view, which
1 have presented, when these articles are with-
drawn within one year for consumption. It
is just precisely what is desired on the part of
Canada—that they may store here, and always
have one year to avail themselves of the best mar-
ket, and that, too, in competition with the west-
ern products. Of course they desire that, and
being ahead of us in the market in spring and
behind us in the fall, they can take advantage of
a better market, and pay duty, and still make a
better profit than we do. It is against that one
year provision that 1 wish the amendment to op-
erate.
One word in answer to the Senator from Penn-
sylvania. If I am not mistaken, his State, and
New York, which wants this great depository,
and the whole of New England, built their rail-
roads with iron upon which they paid no duty.
Mr. BRADBURY. The Senator is mistaken,
in regard to my State, at least.
Mr. WALKER. There may be exceptions.
Some of them may have begun after the free im-
portation act was repealed; we know, however,
that a great many of the roads were built with iron
that paid no duty; but as soon as they accommo-
date themselves, they want the duty on for their
protection. We have never had that protection;
but, on the other hand, we have long been embar-
rassed by the facility with which Canada competes
with us in the way I have mentioned, and I de-
sire, by the amendment, to obtain some relief from
that.
Mr. DAYIS. I think the Senator overrates the
benefit of the act to which he alludes. The most
of our railroads, in Massachusetts at least, were
made before it took effect, and the larger portion
of them received very little benefit from it. We
profited very little by it.
Mr. GWIN. I shall not pursue this discussion.
I wish the debate to stop, and the bill acted upon;
but I want it distinctly understood, that I am not
only opposed to the amendment of the'Senator
from Wisconsin, but I shall, during the present
session, if possible, move to repeal all duties on
breadstuff's. Do you suppose that it is necessary
for the farmers of the United States to ask pro-
tection against Canada, or any part of the world,
in regard to breadstuff's ? In California we pay
duties upon nearly ail the flour we import there.
We are paying enormous taxes constantly upon
all the provisions we use there. It is a most op-
pressive tax; and I intend to make it a point, when-
ever I can bring the subject up with any hope of
success, to move to repeal all duties on breadstuff's
throughout the United States ; and also upon
iron, if I can get it, but especially upon bread-
stuffs.
Mr. RUSK. It is evident that we cannot vote
upon the bill to-day. I have given more than half
an hour beyond the time which the Senator from
Virginia [Mr. Hcnter] asked. I therefore move
to postpone the further consideration of the bill to,
and make it a special order for, to-morrow at half
past twelve o'clock.
Mr. HUNTER. I admit the Senator has ex-
tended the time for which 1 asked, but I appeal to
him whether he will not save time by letting us
vote upon the bill now. I think we can dispose
of it in a few minutes.
Mr. RUSK. We cannot possibly do it.
Mr. HUNTER. We are ready to take the
vote now—let us take the vote.
Mr. RUSK. I know we cannot get to a vote
now. I therefore insist on my motion.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope the Senator will per-
mit us to see if we cannot get a vote.
Mr. RUSK. I have been sitting here for half
an hour, although there was a distinct understand-
ing with the Senator from Virginia, that when one
o'clock came, I should move to take up the Pa-
cific railroad bill.
Mr. HUNTER. If the Senator insists, I must
give way, for that was the understanding.
Mr. RUSK. I know of two or three amend-
ments which are to be offered to the bill. It is
therefore evident that we cannot act upon it to-
day.
Mr. SMITH. I will ask the Senator from
Texas whether it will not expedite his bill to dis-
pose of this now? It seems to me that it will. I
think it will be better to settle this bill now.
Mr. RUSK. I can see no possibility of voting
upon it to-day. I feel confident it will consume
much time.
Mr. BADGER. Make a compromise, and give
ten minutes more.
Mr. RUSK. Ten minutes will result in the
same thing as the half hour, which I have already
yielded. I will, however, agree to give ten min-
utes longer.
Mr. BRIGHT. Let us dispose of this amend-
ment, and then the bill can go over, if it leads to
discussion.
Mr. Brodhead's amendment to the amend-
ment was rejected; and the question being taken
by yeas and nays on Mr. Walker's amendment,
resulted—yeas 18, nays 29; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Badger, Bell, Clarke, Cooper, Dawson,
Foot, Geyer, Jones of Tennessee, Mangum, Miller, Mor
ton, Pratt, Seward, Smith, Spruance, Underwood, Wade,
and Walker—18.
NAYS—Messrs. Atchison, Bayard, Bradbury, Bright,
Brodhead, Butler, Cass, Charlton, Chase, Clemens, De
Saussuie, Dodge of Iowa, Douglas, Downs, Felch, Fitz-
patrick, Gwin, Hamlin, Houston, Hunter, Jones of Iowa,
Mallory, Norris, Rusk, Sebastian, Shields, Sumner, Tou-
cey, and Weller—29.
So it was rejected.
The bill was then reported to the Senate as
amended, the amendments were concurred in, the
bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third read-
ing, and was read a third time, and passed.
STEAMSHIP ALBATROSS.
On motion by Mr. SEWARD, the Senate, as in
Committee oftheWhole,proceeded to consider the
bill authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury to
issue a register to the American-built steamship
Albatross, it proposes to authorize the Secretary
of the Treasury to issue a register to Simeon Dra-
per, a citizen of New York, for the steamship Al-
batross, which had been sold to a citizen of Great
Britain, and reconveyed to Simeon Draper.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading. It was read a third time and
passed.
COLONIZATION IN NORTH AMERICA.
Mr. CLEMENS. I desire to give notice that I
shall, on Monday next, call up the joint resolution
submitted by the honorable Senator from Michi-
gan, [Mr. Cass,] declaratory of the views of the
United States respecting colonization on the North
American continent by European Powers, and re-
specting the Island of Cuba. My health has been
so bad that I have not been able to be here during
the discussion on it. I shall, therefore, move on
Monday to take it up, and ask the courtesy of the
Senate to be heard on it.
Mr. CASS. In relation to that, I will observe,
that the Senator has done what I have not been
able to do the last two days. Yesterday was the
day assigned for the consideration of that resolu-
tion. For one, 1 am determined not to let it be
passed over, but shall endeavor to have the decis-
ion of the Senate upon it.
RAILROAD TO THE PACIFIC.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the "bill for the pro-
' tection of the emigrant route and a telegraphic
' line, and for an overland mail between the Mis-
' souri river and the settlements in California and
' Oregon."
The pending question being on the amendment
of Mr. Brodhead to the amendment reported from
the Select Committee, to strike out all after the
word "that," and insert:
"The Secretary of War be, and he is hereby authorized,
under the direction of the President of the United States,
to employ such portion ol" the Corps of Topographical En-
gineers. and such other persons as he may deem necessary,
to make such explorations and survey as he may deem ad-
visable, to ascertain the most practicable and economical
route for a railroad from the Mississippi river to the Pacific
ocean; and that the sum of $100,000 be, and the same is
hereby appropriated, out of any money ill the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, to defray the expenses of such ex-
plorations and survey.
" Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That in making such
explorations and survey, the engineers and other persons
employed under the authority of this act. may be directed
to act in concert with any engineers, or other persons em-
ployed by any individual or individuals, association or as-
sociations, l'or the same general object; and the Secretary
of War is hereby authorized and required to receive pro-
posals from individuals, or associations, for the construction
of a railroad between the valley of the Mississippi and the
Pacific ocean, and to lay the same before Congress at the
next session."
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, when we ad-
journed yesterday,.I intimated that I would reply
to some of the objections and arguments which
had been urged in opposition to this bill. That I
shall do with great brevity, noticing only those ob-
jections which are most material. The first which
I shall notice is, that there has not been made a
proper preliminary survey, and that a suitable re-
connoissance has not been had; and consequently,
that the Senate, if they legislate upon this subject,
will do it without that information which is neces-
sary to intelligent action. I admit the full force of
this reasoning; I admit that reconnoissances and
surveysare necessary—are indispensable before the
railroad is constructed. It would be idle to look
for action upon any other principle. But if I can
show that suitable provision is made with regard
to all these matters in the bill before the Senate—
provisions as ample and as complete in their char-
acter as those proposed by the honorable Senator
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Brodhead]—then I ap-
prehend the necessity which exists in his mind for
the amendment will be removed, and much time
saved, which is a circumstance of great import-
ance, since the completion of the road is remote,
under the most favoring circumstances.
Sir, in order to show you that the interest of the
country is properly protected in this respect, and
that nothing is to be done unwisely or rashly, I
ask the attention of the Senate to the provisions
which are made with regard to it. In the first
place, the President is authorized to contract with
a company to construct this road. But he is him-
