1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
503
self authorized to fix the termini at the eastern and
western extremities of the route. When he es-
tablishes those termini, he is required by the
terms of the bill to take into consideration certain
facts, and among them these: He is to have re-
gard to the expense of constructing the road, to
the grades of the road, to thecommerce and inter-
course of the whole country, and also to the de-
fense and protection of the country. He is not
authorized to fix those termini without taking
into consideration all these facts. The President ;
is also authorized to establish, or, in other words, !
to locate, the points in the passes of the mountains 4
where the road shall go through them. And he
is alike required, when he establishes these points,
to take into consideration, first the expense, sec- j
ond the grades, and lastly, the commerce and in- i
tercourse, the protection, and defense of thecoun- ]
try. I
Well, sir, when you sum up these provisions,
they amount to this: that he cannot establish the
termini, nor the pass in the mountains without,
in the first place, having estimated the expense of
the route selected, and taken a comparative view
of the expense of the different places where a pas-
sage is deemed practicable through the mountains.
He cannot establish the point to pass to the mount-
ains without, in the first place, ascertaining the
grades by which it is to pass. Then the provi-
sions of the bill require certain other things of a
more general nature. The President is to estab-
lish a road which shall accommodate the com-
merce and the intercourse of the whole country,
while he looks also to its defense and protection.
This, it is perfectly evident upon the face of things,
cannot be done without preliminary surveys, and
surveys of a suitable and proper character; sur- ;
veys which shall bring to the President all the in- |
formation which is necessary to enable him to per-
form this duty.
But, Mr. President, this is not all the security
which we have that proper reconnoissances and
surveys will be seasonably made. The President
is to contract with a company. Every gentleman
must be satisfied that no company can contract
until they understand the facts which result from
the reconnoissances and surveys. No company
can contract with intelligence, and protect their
osvn interests, until they make an estimate of the
expense; and no company can determine that any
route from here to the Pacific is a practicable
route, and can be used as such with successful
economy after the road is constructed, until they
have all this preliminary information. Then, sir,
on this point you have a twofold protection,
larger, broader, and more complete in its character,
than that proposed by the honorable Senator from
Pennsylvania; you have a concurrent interest, that
of the company on the one hand, and that of the
country on the other, both desiring alike the same
information, and the same information being alike
indispensable to both before specific and final
measures are adopted.
I need not, Mr. President, go into a more elab-
orate argument to prove that ample provisions are
made for a preliminary survey, and that there is
no danger of acting hastily or inconsiderately upon
this subject. The bill gives to you ample protec-
tion.
The next objection which is urged with soyie
degree of zeal, is, that the bill is uncertain. Some
gentlemen have said that it is unlimited in its char-
acter. Well, if it be so, it is very easy to strip it
of that character by amendments. But I appre-
hend that gentlemen who take that position take
an untenable one, as they will find nothing in the
bill to countenance it when they read and analyze
it. Let me ask the Senate to what we commit our-
selves by the provisions of this bill ? • In the first
place, where the road passes through States, there
is a grant of alternate sections of land twelve miles
in width—six miles wide on each side of the
road—and where it passes through Territories,
there is a grant of alternate sections of land of
twice that quantity, or twenty-four miles in width.
Now, is there anything indistinct, indefinite,
uncertain, in this? Can anything be more abso-
lutely certain ? Cannot every individual compre-
hend and understand the full extent and character
of the grant? I apprehend that no gentleman
need be at a loss on this point.
The bill proposes next that the President may
issue scrip of the United States, to an amount not
exceeding $20,000,000, upon terms and conditions
mentioned in the bill. That scrip, the bill pro-
vides, shall run for fifty years, and bear interest j
at the rate of five per cent. All this is sufficiently |
certain; it is all easily and readily comprehended
by any gentleman. But mark you, Mr. Presi-
dent, this is the outward limit of the power of the
President. He has a right to propose to contract-
ors these two considerations, and nothing else.
He has no power by which he can transcend these
limits, or do more than proffer these considerations
to the company. But he has a discretion the other
way, to contract upon more favorable terms. And
the country has all the security which springs
from considerations which 1 am about to mention.
The President is required to make an advertise-
ment of his purpose to contract throughout the
country, by publishing in two papers of the largest
circulation, in each Slate, inviting, in the most
public manner, any and all persons to make him
an offer, founded upon the terms proposed in this
bill, to execute the work. Is there no security in
the competition itself that arises in this matter?
May we not trust, with some degree of certainty,
that men of intelligence, acquainted with under-
takings of this kind, will come forward and pro-
pose terms which they think secure for themselves ?
if they cannot come within the limits prescribed
by this act, they cannotcome atall. Thecountry
has this desree of security, then, on that point,
that the bids for the contract will probably be
made on as reasonable terms as it can be afforded.
If it can be done for less money than the sum
named, there will, beyond doubt, be persons who
will seek the contract on terms more favorable to
the United States.
In addition to this, the President of the United
States is to appoint a time for opening the sealed
proposalsof such persons as see fit to makepropo-
sitions to contract; and he is to give the work to
I that bidder who proposes the most favorable terms,
if satisfied of his ability to go on and execute the
work, and if he can furnish the guarantees which ;
, the bill requires. Now, is there, in all this, any- ;
thing unlimited—is there any thing uncertain—is |
| there anything doubtful in its character? I ap- ,
prehend there is nothing.
1 The next objection made to the bill is, that it
proposes to invest this company, who may under-
take the work, with corporate powers. This
seems to have excited very great alarm in the
minds of some Senators. They look upon a cor-
poration as
" a monster, of so frightful mien,
As to be hated, needs but to be seen."
Sir, this corporation seems to be, in their judg-
| ment, a Trojan horse, filled with armed men; and
we who come here to support this bill as volun-
tarily prostrating the walls of the citadel to let the
monster in, that'those concealed in it may prey
upon the confiding and unsuspicious. But, Mr.
President, I think alittlecalmer view of this subject
will greatly modify their idea of the magnitude of
this evil. The proposition in this bill is to confer
upon this company the corporate powers which
are daily conferred on those who undertake to
construct railroads. If there be a State in this
Union that has not had the rashness, the temerity,
to create just such corporations, I do not know
which State it is. It is, certainly, a fact that just
such corporations exist in nearly all, if not all, the
States of the Union, created by the legislative
authority of those States.
This matter has been experimented upon suffi-
ciently to test its safety and its exemption from the
appalling consequences which have been depicted
by some Senators. These States go on from year
to year, every time their Legislatures are in ses-
sion, making moreor less grants of this kind; and
j if there be a railroad made in this wide country
' which has not been constructed by a corporation,
i created for that nurpose, I know not where it is.
I The danger resulting from a corporation seems to
1 spring entirely irom the character of its paternity.
I If it be within a State, its claws are cut, its teeth
I are drawn; if it be a work of the United States, it
I becomes a sav«ge monster, full of evil and full of
defilement. The only question here is, whether
this work shall be done by a corporation, or done
by the direct act of the Government, if it is done
at all. I am a little surprised, I confess, to find
both of my friends from Pennsylvania making a
demonstration against this measure, because it is
to be done through the instrumentality of a cor-
poration. They speak of their own experience,
especially the one that spoke first, [Mr. Brod-
head.] He spoke of his disgust at the measures
which were used to bring" down oppressive taxa-
tion upon the people. 1 do not suppose that my
friend intended that the Senate should understand
that any corporation is answprable for these acts,
for they are the work of the State itself.
Sir, the Stnte of Pennsylvania undertook to
carryforward a system of internal improvements,
and out of that fact grew all the difficulties and
the oppressive debt of which my friend complains;
and 1 should have thought that'long since, the ex-
ample of his own State would have taught him
this lesson, at least: that a corporation is much
safer than the State itself, and much less liable to
deal corruptly. 1 do not doubt the truth of all
the honorable gentleman said, that a great and
unnecessary debt has been created in his State,
but it was through the instrumentality and man-
agement of the State itself. I will ask him now,
if he has any allegations to make of dangerous
influence or corruptions in any railroad corpora-
tion existing within his State? I ask him whether
he is willing to rise and say that any corporation
there is so defiled with corruption as to set an ex-
ample which is offensive to thecommunity ? Why,
sir, if we are to go to either of the two modes, that
by means of a corporation, or that of the Gov-
ernment itself, for the construction of a railroad,
the former is infinitely preferable to the latter, be-
cause we all know from our experience and obser-
vation, and we might know by reasoning aprinri,
that, if the Government undertakes, by its own
immediate exercise of power, to carry on such a
work under its own direction and superintendence,
abuses will creep in, and that it will become a po-
litical engine necessarily. That is precisely the
objection made to a corporation, and yet how in-
i finitely greater are the abuses under the manage-
i ment of a Government itself than those which
arise under the management of any corporation
whatever.
What is it feared this monster corporation will
do ? I should be very greatly obliged to gentlemen
if they will point out the probable abuses which
will grow out of the power proposed to be vested
in it. We hear gentlemen saying, substantially,
that a corporation of that sort will come here and
control Congress itself—having a power greater
and higher than the Legislature of the nation. I
should like to have gentlemen point out the pro-
cess by which that is to be done; I should like to
see the means exposed by which such results are
to be produced. I should be gratified to see both
the sources of the power and the corruption, if
they are to exist necessarily in a body of that
1 sort; and if there be not a way of avoiding the
evils predicted, it will be some consolation to
have that which seems so manifest pointed out,
that we may be admonished by it, and inquire
i whether a purer and better course cannot be
adopted—one more free from the objections raised
here, and one which shall be carried forward more
to the satisfaction of the country
i My honorable friend from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Cooper] likened this bill to Fox's East India bill.
Well, sir. Fox's East India bill is an old affair.
My learning does not extend to its provisions; but
l it goes far enough to inform me that there is no
similarity between them. What was the East
India Company ? It was a corporation clothed
with such vast powers and resources that it planted
itself in a foreign land, and exercised a complete
monopoly of all the trade and commerce connect-
1 ed with it. Among the rights which they claimed
' and exercised was that of sovereignty. They es-
tablished and maintained civil government. They
I raised revenues, maintained large armies, declared
war, conquered principality after principality,
made treaties, and have advanced by one aggres-
sion after another, till they have subjected to their
dominion the vast territory which they now pos-
sess, inhabited by from two to three hundred mil-
lions of people. This was the character of the
great East India Company. • At the time of which
the Senator speaks, they had these enlarged pow-
ers of trade and civil government, but they have
been since modified, and the Crown now appoints
the governor. But, sir, they held and exercised,
during the existence of their earlier charters, a
complete monopoly, holding all the trade of the
country within their own power and control.
Mr. COOPER. Will the Senator from Massa-
chusetts allow me to ask him one question ?
