604
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 4,
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly.
Mr. COOPER. The Senator says the company
had the power originally to raise armies. I wish
to ask him if the company did not usurp the pow-
er, and if it was by the direction of the Crown
that the power was exercised : It is just such a
power as that against which I protest.
Mr. DAVIS. I will answer the gentleman. I
say that whatever of opposition there mav have
been to the exercise of that power, Great Ciitain
holds every foot of the land to this day, and
every subject conquered, and under the authority
and dominion of the Crown, too. They reaped
the profit which came out of the usurpations of
the East India Company, if the gentleman calls it
a usurpation. The Government sanctioned the
acts.
Mr. COOPER. Merely because the company
could control the legislation of Great Britain.
Mr. DAVIS. Very well. All I winli to say
with regard to this is, that I referred to the re-
mark of the Senator from Pennsylvania for 110
purpose except to show that there is net the
slightest semblance of similarity between the prop-
ositions in this bill and the existence of the East
India Company, and that that cannot be fairly,
and in the exercise of candor, quoted as an illus-
tration of the probable conduct of this company
in the exercise of any power they may have.
These are the principal objections, as I under-
stand them, which have been urged against this
bill. There may be others,but I shall leave them
unnoticed, as I wish to say a word or two on the
merits of the question itself. Mr. President, when
I turn my attention to the great valley of the Mis-
sissippi, and remember that many men are now
living born while that great valley was yet a soli-
tary wilderness, the haunt of beasts of prey and
of savages, a wild, uncultivated, yet a fertile re-
gion; when I reflect, sir, that there meanders
through that great valley to drain it a river four
thousand miles in length, of a magnitude commen-
surate with its great territory, swelled into a ma-
jestic current by its great and numerous tributa-
ries; and when I further see that there are now
millions of inhabitants Jiving in freedom and in
abundance upon this fair territory, I am naturally
led to inquire how this has been accomplished?
How the obstacles placed in the way by nature,
and discouraging occupancy and settlement, have
been surmounted ? and how this vast expanse,
large enough for an empire, and capable of sus-
taining a population of a hundred and fifty mil-
lions, has been subjected to the use of man ? 1
Sir, within the memory of many men now liv-
ing—within the memory of many Senators in this
Chamber—it was a problem whether these great
rivers could be turned into highways for the uses
of commerce. The voyage down was the facilis
descensus; the voyage upwards was the labor of
Sisyphus; and it remained a problem whether the
difficulty in the upward voyage could be over-
come,and this country filled withinhabitants, until
the application of steam to navigation was discov-
ered. That great discovery came contemporane-
ously with the wants of our people. It made the
ascending navigation both easy and expeditious
and has poured millions into that happy territory.
All the great and strong currents of these mighty
rivers have been conquered and subjected to the
use of man. But since that day, our boundary
upon Texas has been taken up and carried south
to the Gulf, and placed there. Our boundary has
also been carried West to the Rio del Norte and
to the Pacific ocean; and we have added enough
nearly to double the territory of the country.
And now, sir, almost contemporaneous with this
acquisition, comes the locomotive to enable us to
pass with equal facility this broad expanse of
plain and mountain between the Mississippi river
and the shores of the Pacific. These two discov-
eries seem like the cloud by day and the pillar of
fire by night guiding us onward in the path of
duty that lies before us. Sir, they afford just the
means, and are developed just at the moment when
there is a necessity for binding these numerous
members of the Union in one great, harmonious
fraternity of States. And, sir, they seem to be
the only means which are adequate to so great a
purpose; and if we were back in an age less phil-
osophical and more devout than that in which we
live, we should proclaim that the hand of Provi-
dence was in it.
Now, sir, the path is open for us, and there is
but one way by which a country so extensive, and
so diversified in its interests as this is, can he bound
together. It is by means of commerce and inter-
course. It is by facilitating the intercommunica-
tion; and, sir, this affords us the means of binding
the whole, not only in the fraternal bonds of the
Union, but by all the ties of interest and affection.
Sir, we need this road, as a thing indispensable to
our peace and tranquillity. We need it, in the first
place, to give greater dispatch to intercourse. We
wish to have a more rapid intercommunication than
we have, both for safety and convenience. We
need it, also, for commercial purposes.
The gentleman from Virginia said this morning
that the bill under consideration (the warehouse
bill) was a matter of great moment and import-
ance, because it concentrated commerce at the great
points of New York and San Francisco, which
are, in his opinion, the two great centralizing points
of business. Sir, I am aware of that; but if we
look a little further into the future, and make a
wise use of the means which are in our hands, the
electric telegraph and other facilities for intercom- >
munication, together with the gold upon the Pa-
cific coast, it will be seen that the tendency to-
wards this centralization of trade and commerce
is more rapid and more powerful than it ever has
been at any moment of time in our history. The
gravitating point, which has long been in Europe,
is now tending, under these influences, towards
this country, and is working out a revolution in
the channels of commerce. We lie between Asia
on the one hand and Europe upon the other, and
natural causes are cooperating with other things to
hasten this centralization of trade, and will go on
with a power that will astonish the whole world.
We need this communication to harmonize our
own system, to make it strong, to give it unity of
character and strength. But, sir, we need this
road for other reasons. We heard the eloquent
Senator from New Jersey [Mr. Stockton] expa-
tiating largely upon the necessity of a Navy—a
Navy to protect our country upon the Pacific.
Well, sir, I am not prepared to say that he is not
right about it; but in my judgment, sir, this meas-
ure is quite as important, and ultimately designed
to be infinitely more so, than the Navy itself. If
we would give strength and security to Cali-
fornia ; if we would render these possessions secure
against aggression from all quarters, let the world
understand that in ten days we can transfer sea-
| men and soldiers from the Atlantic to the Pacific.
; There is something in that more effective, more
! powerful in bringing the whole strength of the
1 Union together to cooperate, than there can be in
i the construction and equipment of armed vessels.
1 It places the means of defense within our control,
whenever and wherever needed.
But, sir, that is not all. We have a treaty with
Mexico, and we are bound to suppress the ag-
gressions of the Indian tribes upon her. We have
pledged our faith to this; and now, in my judg-
ment, there is no way in which you can execute
that treaty so cheaply and so effectually as through
the instrumentality of this road, and you have no
such effective means of overawing and keeping in
subjection the tribes upon the route. Every gen-
tleman can see, that if a military force is wanted,
if the exigencies of the country demand it, it can
be transported in a few days, at any time, to any
point in the country which is near the line. We
need this road, then, for these reasons, and we
need it for another that is greater than all. It is a
passage through our own territory, under our own
jurisdiction, under and subject to our will. In our
intercourse with thisnow remote country, we pass
through territory that is under foreign jurisdiction;
and will any one say that it is expedient in time
of trouble and of hostilities to depend upon the
caprice, the mercy, or faith of any country, to
pass through it armed men and other means of
defense? No, sir. This sort of dependence has
]! been a topic of difficulty from the commencement
of it down to this time. It is much discussed in
■ this body, and we are called upon to put on our
armor and assert our rights, because some com-
pany is dissatisfied with the management of the
Government of Mexico; and much of the diffi-
culty which sprung up in regard to the Mosquito
kingdom, which gave birth to the Clayton-Bulwer
treaty, grew out of the fact that we came into pos-
session of territory on the Pacific. No sooner
had we made a treaty with Mexico, by which we
acquired this country, than the Mosquito king,
under the direction of his protector, Great Bri-
tain, took up the line which had hitherto circum-
scribed the southern limits at Blewfield's Point,
and carried it forward to embrace the mouth of
the river San Juan, that being one of the termini
of the Nicaraguan route from the Atlantic to the
Pacific. Great Britain sent a ship to that place to
give notice that, unless that port, which was a
port of entry, and had been for fifty years, first
under the Spanish Government, and then under
Nicaragua, was peaceably vacated in two months,
they would take possession of the country. The
day came. The feeble people there could do noth-
ing. An English frigate was sent there, under
the Mosquito Hag, with an Englishman on board,
acting as the counsellor of the king, and they took
forcible possession of the country. Asthey could
find no Mosquito kingdom on the Pacific side,
they took forcible possession of Tigre Island,
without any such covert proceeding, and thus com-
manded the two outlets of this passage across.
Now I shall let these matters take care of them-
selves. I only state these historical facts, to show
you, sir, and the Senate, the eagerness with which
those interested to do it stir up difficulty, when
we go into foreign countries for rights of this de-
scription. There is 110 security in them. I am
L against the whole policy of such dependence. I
! am not opposed to private gentlemen going there,
; and making-such contracts as they see fit, and if
they can build rival highways, and give greater
facilities to the public, I shall be glad of it; but for
ourselves as a people, let us have a road within
our own jurisdiction, one that, under all exigencies
and all circumstances, we can depend upon for the
business and intercourse which grows up between
the different portions of the Union. Sir, I did not
intend to go beyond speaking of the objections
made to this bill; I did not intend to go largely
into a discussion of the subject. I believe I have
accomplished the object I had in view; and I shall,
for the present, leave the discussion to be continued
by others.
Mr. SMITH. Mr. President, I have made up
my mind to vote in favor of this bill, as reported
by the Senator from Texas, and I am desirous of
doing what little I can to perfect its details. But
there is one clause in it which, it seems to me, is
too vague and indefinite, and with a view to make
j it explicit, I wish to move to amend the substitute
j; reported by the committee, in its third section, by
|, striking out the words:
" And in cases where the public domain adjacent to the
' said road may not be sufficient to enable the Government to
carry into effect the above, provisions, then, and in that
event, any deficiency which may exist shall be supplied from
the public domain nearest the point at which such deficiency
shall exist, and be selected in alternate sections as afore-
said."
| I think that if it is necessary to retain this pro-
vision, other language should be used.
Mr. CHASE. I wish to inquire whether it is
in order now to offer an amendment, until the
amendment of the Senator from Pennsylvania
shall have been disposed of. The original propo-
sition before the Senate was bill No. 396, " for the
' protection of the emigrant route and a telegraphic
' line, and for an overland mail between the Mis-
' souri river and the settlements in California and
' Oregon," to which bill the Select Committee has
reported an amendment. To that amendment the
Senator from Pennsylvania has offered an amend-
ment; and the first amendment cannot be amended,
according to the rules which govern the practice
of the Senate, until that question shall have been
taken. It seems to me very desirable that the
I question should be taken upon that amendment at
once, as soon as Senators have expressed their
judgment upon it, in order that we may determine
whether or not the Senate will at this session con-
sider a bill for the actual construction of a rail-
road to the Pacific, and the incorporation of a
company for that purpose.
The amendment of the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania, as now modified, provides for three things:
in the first place for surveys and explorations be-
fore the final selection of any route; in the second
place, that these surveys shall be made, if in the
judgment of the President of the United States it
Bhall seem expedient, in concert with engineers
employed by individuals or associations; and ir
1 the third place, that when those surveys and explor-
ations shall have been made, the result thereof
shall be laid before Congress at the next session.
Mr. SMITH. If the honorable Senator will
