1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
505
permit me, [ will make a suggestion. I do not
wish to embarrass the deliberations of the Senate
with any question of order; I will therefore with-
draw this amendment for the present, but I ask,
as it is an important one, that I may have the
unanimous consent of the Senate to have it printed,
and laid upon the table informally.
Mr. RUSK. It seems to me the point of order
is clearly with the Senator from Connecticut.
The amendment proposed by the Select Commit-
tee is to strike out all after the enacting clause of
the bill and insert a substitute. We can amend
that substitute before taking the final vote on the
amendment of the Senator from Pennsylvania,
which is to strike out all of the committee's amend-
ment and insert another proposition. It seems to
me that, according to the rules, the question can-
not be taken on his amendment while there is a
proposition to amend any portion that is left of the
original proposition. But when an amendment is
offered to strike out a part and insert other words,
that is in order; and that question is first to be
taken before the question on striking out all. It
seems to me that there can be no doubt about that.
Mr. SMITH. As it is the opinion of the hon-
orable chairman of the Select Committee that this
amendment of mine is in order, and as it is highly
important, as I conceive, that the bill should be
perfected in all its details, so that the Senate may
nave distinctly before them the question of prefer-
ence between the plan of the Senator from Penn-
sylvania and that reported by the Select Commit-
tee, I will renew the amendment.
Mr. CHASE. Then I would ask whether that
amendment is in order, and I desire that that ques-
tion shall be decided by the Chair.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. De Sabs-
scre in the chair.) The Chair is of opinion that ,
the amendment of the Senator from Connecticut is
not in order.
Mr. SMITH. I yield, sir; but I ask unanimous
consent to move that the amendment which I pro-
pose be ordered to be printed.
There being no objection, that order was made.
Mr. DAWSON. I desire to say a few words
on the proposition before the body, which I con- <
sider to be important, and which arises out of the
amendment proposed by the Senator from Penn-
sylvania. I am decidedly in favor of that amend-
ment, and I wish to give briefly to the Senate and
to the country, the reasons for my preference in
its favor. It has been justly stated that there has
never before been started in any Government in
the civilized world, any measure of internal im-
provement so-magnificent or so extensive as this.
Sure I am that in point of magnitude, this is a
very great and a very extraordinary measure.
But that is not one of my objections, or one of the
reasons which I assign for tne course which I am
about to pursue, although it might be considered
a strong reason why I should pursue that course.
Mr. President, do we understand this subject in
all its length and breadth ? Do we comprehend
the consequences that are to grow out of this
measure ? Have we any facts Before us that will
Authorize us to act understanding^ ? I have been
taught by my experience in this body that you
will not appropriate a thousand dollars for the im-
provement of a river or a harbor, unless you have
a survey and estimate beforehand. You will not
commit the Government to the expenditure of
money in that way, until you know the facts upon
which the expenditure is to be based. Then shall ;
we, when a subject of this immense magnitude is {
before us, suffer ourselves, within the! ast twenty-
four or twenty-five days of the expiration of the 1
last session of this Congress, to be driven into the
adoption of a measure from which we shall not be :
permitted to retract? Yet that is the course now 1
presented for our action.
I wish to ask one question for information.
Why has this bill been drawn in these terms ?
Why shall Congress pledge itself to this course
now ? Why shall we place power in the hands
of the President to carry the work into execution
whenever there shall be presented to him the sur-
rey upon which he must act, and those estimates
in relation "to .the cost and practicability of cutting
through the mountain passes spoken of by the
Senator from Massachusetts, which must be pre-
sented to his mind before he can honestly decide ?
Why do we not wait for that information our-
selves ? Why do we not pursue the course which
ha  been hitherto adopted by this body in making
appropriations for all works of internal improve-
I ment ?
Mr. RUSK. If the Senator wants an answer
I will furnish it immediately. The reason why I
make such a proposition, is this 
Mr. DAWSON. I presume the reason of the
Senator is similar to that given by the Senator
from Massachusetts.
Mr. RUSK. I have another and a very sub-
stantial one. I hope the honorable Senator will
allow me to explain.
Mr. DAWSON. I will give way to the hon-
orable Senator, if he will be brief.
Mr. RUSK. I shall be brief. The bill as it
stands, provides for a general survey before the
location shall be made by the President; and when
that survey shall have been made, he is to adver-
tise for proposals, and then there is to be a more
minute survey. If you merely pass a bill for a
survey, without making provision for contracts
for doing the work, what will be the result? I
will show you.
Mr. DAWSON. I cannot yield to the Senator
to make a speech.
Mr. RUSK. I wish to show the Senator that
an appropriation was made in the year 1849 /or a
survey for this very road, and we have received no
information in regard to it.
Mr. DAWSON. I wish the Senator would
refer me to that act.
Mr. RUSK. I can find it in a moment, in the
ninth volume of laws, which I have before me;
but as the Senator insists on going on without giv-
ing me an opportunity to explain, I will yield to
him, and make my explanation after he shall have
got through.
Mr. DAWSON. This bill involves the largest |
appropriation of any bill that has ever been pre- 1
sented to Congress from the foundation of the
Government, not even excepting any war appro-
priations at any time; and the magnitude of the
appropriation, I suppose, is to be considered a
pledge for the purpose of carrying the road through, j
whether its practicability shall be ascertained or
not. We ought to hesitate long before we adopt :
such a proposition. We should move cautiously
and prudently before we thu^i involve ourselves.
I have taken some pains to ascertain what is the
amount of the appropriation involved in this bill.
The lands proposed to be appropriated amount to
fifty millions of acres, according to my calcula-
tion; and besides that, there is a money appropria-
tion, in five percent, bonds, of$20,000,000. This
bill also involves an increase of the Army of the
United States, and a most tremendous expendi-
ture will be created by that increase of the Army,
growing out of the character of the country through
which you are about to run this road.
Mr. RUSK. I want the gentleman to point out
that line of the bill which increases the Army.
Mr. DAWSON. I will. The President of the
United States, according to the last section of the
bill, is required to protect the laborers upon this
line, or these lines, for there is to be a line of rail-
road and telegraph.
Mr. RUSK. Will that increase the Army?
Mr. DAWSON. Does not the gentleman per-
ceive that we pledge ourselves by this clause to
protect those who are employed in the construc-
tion of this road, and have we a force large enough
now in the Army that we can call into action, and ,
place upon that line, which is at least three thou-
sand miles long? The State of Texas at this time
has nearly one half of the active soldiers of the
United States within its borders.
Mr. RUSK. We are not half protected.
Mr. DAWSON. And yet I understand the gen-
tleman to say that there are not half enough there.
Mr. RUSK. No, sir; I say we are not half
protected.
Mr. DAWSON. There are eighteen military
stations now within the limits of Texas to protect
her people from the marauding tribes of Indians.
This road is to run through a wilderness of over
three thousand miles. How are the laborers on i,
the line of the road to be protected with our pres-
ent Army? Why, sir, Congress would be called
upon to increase the Army, in order to send men
along the line to protect the laborers, and we should
be asked, probably, to establish stations at least
thirty miles apart, and perhaps every twen ty miles;
and will not that increase the Army ? If we pass
the bill of the Senator from Texas as it now is,
how can we retire from this obligation that we N
! | .
i incur by our own action? Will the bill not in-
1 volve an immense expenditure of money, for the
purpose of increasing the Army in the way I have
suggested? Let us look at what this Territory
costs us now. I wish to lay the facts before the
Senate and before the country. It costs this Gov-
ernment now for the expense of the transporta-
tion for necessary supplies for the army in New
Mexico, and in California, a large amount of
money. The expenditure is a very great propor-
tion of the whole Army appropriations.
How will you get your supplies to your army
which is to be stationed over these two or three
thousand miles through the wilderness, but by
dragging these supplies along by oxen? What
will be the cost of such a process ? What limit
|; will there be to the number of stations which it
will be necessary to erect, in order to protect our
soldiers in the wilderness from the savages, and
from the pelting of the pitiless storm ? Gentlemen
cannot have looked into these questions; yet they
! wish us to plunge into this measure in a way for
which the Treasury of the country is not prepared.
' Why should gentlemen seek to carry it through,
right or wrong, without letting us know all the
facts in the case ?
Here our public faith is to be pledged for the
performance of this work. Will not this com-
pany call upon you to redeem it—to stand by your
pledge ? To whom is this pledge to be made ? To
the contractors. The Senator from Massachusetts
called them a corporation—a company. They are
not to compose a corporation or a company until
after the completion of the road. The contractors
are the men to whom the Government makes the
pledge to'appropriate fifty millions of acres of
public land, and $20,000,000 in five per cent,
bonds; and then you are to give them the protec-
tion of the Army of the United States in order to
enable them to keep their men at work on a line
of road of from two to three thousand miles. .
; There may be three or four hundred distinct men
i who make these contracts—perhaps three or four
j thousand may be engaged in the matter.
; A Senator. Have you read the bill ?
! Mr. DAWSON. I have.
! Mr. RUSK. The Senator must have forgotten
a great deal of it. He has just stated that fifty
millions of acres of land are to be granted to this
company.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. That is thirty-five mil-
lions too much.
Mr. DAWSON. Do I understand my friend
from Kentucky to say that the bill grants only
thirty-five millions of acres ?
Mr. UNDERWOOD. No, sir; I say that ia
the amount of the Senator's mistake. According
to my calculation, it grants fifteen millions three
hundred and sixty thousand acres.
Mr. RUSK. According to my calculation, the
amount granted is about fourteen millions of
acres.
Mr. DAWSON. Gentlemen make their calcu-
lation upon the basis that the road is to be two
thousand miles long. I count the length of the
road from the Mississippi to San Francisco at
three thousand five hundred miles; and when
your survey shall be made, and your estimates
presented in relation to the windings which the
road will have to make in goingthrough the mount-
ain passes, you will find that it will be perhaps
longer than this. I may be wrong in this esti-
mate, but the Senator from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Cooper] and myself made it out carefully. We
figured it out, and I believe we are correct.
Mr. COOPER. I think we are right in the
number of miles, at any rate.
Mr. DAWSON. Yes, sir, I have no doubt of
it. But again; have we ascertained by a survey
what is the character of the country ? Do we
know how great an extent of the route through
which we propose that the road shall pass has no
wood, no timber, no material by which you can
make bridges to pass the streams ? How are you
to get provisions for your soldiers along that line,
when they shall be there protecting the laborers in
their work ? You will have to carry all those pro-
visions, perhaps, for thousands of miles. Are we
to act in the dark, without information as to any
of these points ? Let the amendment of the Senator
from Pennsylvania be adopted; let the surveys
which it calls for be made; let the whole of the
facts then come before Congress, and we shall
know what to do Are we to go into a measure
