506
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 4,
of this sort without a survey and estimate, when,
if we had before us a bill appropriating for rivers !
and harbors, we would not appropriate a single
dollar for any work without a previous survey and
estimate.- You, Mr. President, [Mr, De Saussure
occupying the chair,] would not ask an appro-
priation for a river or a harbor in your State
without a previous survey and estimate. Where
is there a railroad, within any of the States of the
Union, that has been built or undertaken without
a previous survey and estimate? Where is the le-
gislative body that has ever been called upon to vote
on such a heavy appropriation as this, without an
estimate? There is none, sir; and I repeat my
surprise and astonishment that such a measure
should be pressed, under such circumstances.
I am not going to give my general objections to
the bill as it stands, because I know that it is be-
fore the body, and is the subject of amendment,
but that it may be amended to suit my views. But
I have some suggestions that I wish to make upon
the subject.
Who here is willing to place the power contem-
plated by this bill in the hands of the President of
the United States? Who is willing to impose upon
him the great trouble which will grow out of it?
The duties of the office of the President, of the
United States are sufficiently heavy and laborious
now to nearly destroy the constitution of any man
in their discharge; and yet you propose to make
him the supervisorand judge of all these contracts.
You propose to drive him to the necessity of look-
ing over the whole of them; Or if he refers them
to a third person to report to him, he is still to be
responsible.
But have those gentlemen who are so fearful of
extending the patronage of the General Govern-
ment considered the extent to which this goes?
Whv, under the bill of the Senator from Texas,
the President is to have an unlimited discretion.
He is to decide between the contracts, and he is
to let the road to the lowest bidders, if, in his judg-
ment, the public interest will be subserved by so
doing. He has a right to look to the ability of
the parties, and to their capacity for the execution
of tiie work. There is, therefore, given to him
the power of acting almost unlimitedly in that
matter. But I have every confidence in the in-
coming President, and [ would not for a moment
make thisa ground for objection; the other ground
is the true one. I oppose the imposing upon him
of any such duties.
Gentlemen have spoken about the corporation |
to be created under this act. I will not, in this !
stage of proceedings, raise the question as to the |
power of Congress to grant corporations within
the limits of the States, but I would make this
suggestion: After this corporation shall be formed
for the construction of a road three thousand miles
in extent, those portions of the road within the
limits of the States will be, of course, within the
jurisdiction of the respective States. The corpo-
ration will have received its power from the Gen-
eral Government. Will not the General Govern-
ment, therefore, have the right to regulate that
corporation, either to extend the grant of powers
to it, or limit it? If we yield to Congress the
power to grant an act of incorporation to a com-
pany within the limits of the States, do we not
yield the whole question as to the power to the
Federal Government? Although it is provided
that this corporation shall not be within the limits |
of the States, except by their consent, yet the
question arises, can Congress exercise an uncon-
stitutional power, even with the assent of one of
the States ? Can we take upon ourselves to exer-
cise a power which we admit by this bill does not
belong to us, merely because a State says it may
be exercised within her limits? This road may
pass through the State of Texas. Who is to
obtain the right of way there ? Is it the Govern-
ment of the United States? The provision of the
bill is, that the right of way shall be granted for
the construction of this road through the public
lands. There is not an acre of the public lands
belonging to the United States within the limits of
Texas. You will then have to acquire from that
State the right of Way. How is it to be procured ?
Have we made any arrangement for that? !
Mr. RUSK. Texas has already granted the !
right of wav. I
Mr. DAWSON. To whom has she granted it? j
Mr. RUSK. To anybody who will make the
road. I
Mr. DAWSON. Has she granted the right of 1
way to anybody who may be under the control of ■
the United States ? Has she granted the right of
way to any corporation which may be created by
the Government of the United States to run the
road through her limits?
Mr. RUSK. She has given the right of way
for the construction of a road through that State
to the I'acific ocean to anybody who chooses to
construct it.
Mr. DAWSON. If that be true, and I have
no doubt it is, she never contemplated that she
was going to yield tfie jurisdiction over that road
to any other government than her own.
Mr. RUSK. Nor will she do so under this
bill, unless she expressly consents to it after its
passage.
Mr. DAWSON. Then let her do so. Will
Texas give up all her power to control that mat-
ter,and give jurisdiction toihe Government of the
United States if we pass this bill?
Mr. RUSK. Try her.
Mr. DAWSON. But, sir, I care nothing about
that question. The corporation which is to be
created by the bill now under consideration is a
tremendous one, as we all know; but the dangers
growing out of it I shall not now depict. If we
grant them the act of incorporation, and it is car-
ried into execution, who, I ask, will become the
corporators, and upon what terms? The con-
tractors, whoever they may be, are to be the cor-
porators, together " with their associates and suc-
cessors;"and by the word " associates," I suppose
is intended to be meant such persons as these
contractors may permit to associate with them.
Who holds the stock that this company is to put
before the country ? Who authorizes the issue of
the stock? Does the Government of the United
States authorize it? Suppose these parties do
issue stock, what are they to pay for it? The
railroad is not to be built by the contractors' own
money; and the Government is to grant fifty mil-
lions or thirty-five millions, or, according to some
gentlemen, only fifteen millions of acres of land.
Besides that, it is to issue five per cent, bonds to
the amount of ^20,006,000. That will cause a large
portion of this road to be executed. To whose
benefit will this inure? To the men who perform
the labor. They get the pay for constructing the
road; and after the road shall be constructed, what
are you to do ? You are to pay them for construct-
ing the road, and to give it to them. That is what
you are to do. Is there a Senator here who de-
nies it ?
Mr. RUSK. Yes, sir.
Mr. DAWSON. Do we not, according to this
bill, give the road to them ?
Mr. RUSK. We do not pay them for taking it. '
Mr. DAWSON. Why, the bill allows them ;
to hold it for thirty years, and then they can dis-
pose of it to the Government of the United States
at an advance of ten per cent., after deducting the
$20,000,000 in five per cent, bonds, and the value
of the lands. The Government then would only
have to pay the additional sum the road may cost
beyond that. How much will the road cost?
That is a question in regard to which we should
have information before we undertake the work.
How are we to ascertain this ? Men in private
life, when their own interests are involved, when
their own judgment and honor are involved in a
transaction, when they propose such a work as
this, first want to know its probable cost. I think
that should be so in this case. Private individuals
would not go into such a proposition without first
understanding what they were about to do.
Suppose any oneofthecontractors should fail to
execute his contract, or that any one of them could
not procure means sufficient to connect different
links oftheroad together, when the contracts shall
bedivided,as they no doubt will be, into hundreds
of sections, lsupposehe would forfeit it, according
to the bill, and then you would redispose of it to !
someotherperson. Can you take the money which
you have already paid to the first contractor to com-
plete the road? Will he not have the money,
although he may have done scarcely anything, and
will you not have to pay the same amount over again
before you can connect together the various links?
But this feature may be no objection, because the
bill may be amended in this respect. This bill
certainly requires amendment in many respects.
If the Government of the United States is to enter i
upon the construction of this road, from one end i
of it to the other, and if the twenty millions of
bonds, and the public lands proposed to be granted,
should be found not to be sufficient for the pur-
pose, would they be able to proceed ? Would not
the contractors call upon us, from time to time, to
make additional appropriations for the purpose of
carrying on this great and magnificent enterprise,
and should we be able to resist the appeal?
Private capital is not going to connect itself
with this road; and why? Because every man
who has an eye to his own interests must see that
a railroad three thousand miles in length through
a wilderness country, stretching to a population
not over three hundred thousand or four hundred
thousand, never can sustain itself by the ordinary
profits on freights and passengers. No gentle-
man upon this floor can pretend to pledge his
opinion that this is to be a money-making road?
Hence it is that if there is to be a total failure in
the way of profits arising from the road, the Gov-
ernment of the United States should say at once
and boldly: " We will build the road out of our
lands and money entirely, and not seek in this in-
direct way to pledge ourselves to a large amount,
in order that the people may not see the extent of
the appropriation, and be mistaken in regard to
the consequences." If it be true that this road
will not pay, it is certainly true that no intelligent
man will invest his money in it; and the con-
tractors will take their contracts according to the
limitsof yourcapacity to pay underthisbill. The
road, therefore, will be carried to such an extent as
the appropriations which you may make will
carry it, and not an inch further. Do gentlemen
suppose that by passing this bill they will induce
individuals to take stock in this road ? If they
do, I think they are mistaken. But by passing
the bill, you pledge yourselves that if the road
shall be built by your means, by, your money,
and by your lands, you will give it to the com-
pany after thirty years; and suppose they should
say they would not take it, because it would not
pay the expenses ? That would be an end of the
matter. So I conclude that in my judgment—and
I say it reluctantly—the friends of this measure
cannot suppose that it is to be a money-making
road.
I would rather vote for a bill appropriating
hundreds of millions of dollars to build this road,
than to vote for this bill under the idea that we
are merely extending a little aid to those compa-
nies which may make it. Has a single company in
the United States called upon us to pass this act of
incorporation? Have any petitions been presented
from them asking for it ? I am not at all sur-
prised that my honorable friend from Texas should
exhibit greatanxiety and use great energy to have
this measure passed, for I hope that if it do pass,
the road will go through his State. He has told
you that a survey for the road has already been
ordered. I am endeavoring now to obtain inform-
ation as to the practicability of this road; and
therefore I ask, where is that survey? It has not
yet come to us. When we get it, we shall have
some information upon which we can act under-
standing^.
I have been told by intelligent gentlemen that
this road cannot be carried entirely through our
own country, although that seems to be a very de-
sirable object with most gentlemen, and its advan-
tages have been referred to by the Senator from
Massachusetts; but I have learned that we shall
be constrained to go through a part of Mexico to
render the road practicable. Then before we au-
thorize the building of this road, let us have a
survey; let us ascertain that there is a practicable
route over our own soil; and if we cannot have
one over our own soil, let us see whether we can
obtain the right of way through a part of Mexico.
Perhaps then you may make another Tehuante-
pec affair of it. Why should we act in this
hasty way? Can we not wait until the Legisla-
tures of Iowa, Missouri, Arkansas, Louisiana, and
Texas, through which States this road is to pass,
meet? Can we not wait and see whether they
will give us the right of way?—and then let us have
surveys and estimates submitted, and if they are
not too enormous, we may adopt some such
measure.
But, Mr. President, has the period arrived when
nobody is alarmed as to the extent of the public
debt? Has nobody any fear that we shall have
to increase the tariff in order to support the Gov-
ernment? It is true that our revenue has been
