508
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 4,
One of the best markets that can be opened to the
agriculturists anywhere, will be along the line of
this road, to supply your five thousand workmen
who will be employed in its construction. Store-
keepers and shop-keepers will be needed to supply
them with goods and other materials. You will
find mechanic shops growing up all along the road
to make and repair tools and implements for the
workmen. You will find the whole country turn-
ing from a wilderness into one of the most densely-
populated and highly-cultivated portions of Amer-
ica. Such will be the natural result of the con-
struction of this road. -That being the case, I do
not see the force of the gentleman's argument that
this work is to be constructed through a vast wil-
derness.
Again: I do not see the force of the argument
that we shall have to put military posts along the
country, at every twenty miles, to protect thelabor-
ers from the Indians. Would not military posts
look well protecting five thousand laborers along
the line of that road? Why, sir, how near to those
laborers do you think any hostile Indians will ap-
proach? In my opinion, the Indians will require
more protection against the laborers than the la-
borers against the Indians, and,therefore, I do not
see the force of that argument. By putting thiB
road under contract; by stretching your.laborers
along the line, from one end of it to the other, you
will nave rendered travel along that route secure
for a single man on horseback, or in a buggy, or
on foot; and he will be free from the molestation
of any Indians within a hundred miles of the road.
That must inevitably be the result; and, therefore,
instead of its requiring an additional military force
upon the line, the very laborers engaged in con-
structing this road will furnish a more effectual
protection for your settlements in New Mexico,
or wherever else travel may lead across the conti-
nent, than all the armies you ever have sent, or
ever will send, there. Settlers will follow the line
of the laborers, and they will cultivate farms, and
raise provisions to feed those laborers. Mechan-
ics will settle there; settlements will grow up; they
will form a kind of "armed occupation, "not only
prepared to defend themselves, but tosend parties
to the relief of others, at a distance, who may be
threatened with attack. You will thus be enabled
to withdraw your army, and save millions of dol-
lars now expended in that country in sending pro-
visions to them; and the country will be better
protected by the quiet, silent occupation of these i
laborers and settlers, dependent upon the construc- j
tion of the road, than by all the armies and mili-
tary forces you can ever send there.
1 do not see the force of the objections which the
Senator raises upon the point, that you will have
to get up a great army to protect five, or ten, or
twenty thousand Irishmen, with pickaxes and
spades in their hands, and two hundred thousand
American settlers living along the line, raising pro-
visions for them, selling goods to them, and pur-
suing other occupations that will be brought into
existence by the construction of the road.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. We can furnish them
with muskets and rifles, if necessary.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Certainly, we could furnish
muskets or rifles to enable them to defend them-
selves; but you will never get an Indian within
musket or rifle shot of such abody of men. Then,
when we come to look at this question practically,
as it presents itself to the mind of a man who has
spent his life on the frontier, who has seen how ,
settlements grow into existence, and how emi- '
grants push into the wilderness, all these objec-
tions vanish, and the simple question comes to
this: We want a railroad to the Pacific. Does
any man deny that? Everybody admits it. In-
asmuch as we want a railroad, the question arises
how shall it be made? Upon that point every
man has a plan of his own. I thought that I had
the best plan that ever was ad vanced. The Senator 1
from California [Mr. Givin,] at this session, got
up a better one in his estimation, and the Senator
from Texas, [Mr. Rusk,] now has a better one
in his opinion. Each man who has not brought
one forward, probably has one in his pocket that !
beats them all. The consequence is, that by this t
multiplicity of good plans we defeat all, and the re-
sult will be that we shall have no road at all. Such
being the danger, what are we to do ? Why, the
real friends of the Pacific railroad are called upon
to lay aside all pride of opinion as to the author-
ship of the bill, and all the capital and glory to be
11 made out of its authorship, and come together and
;1 unite upon some bill which we are certain will re-
I suit in making the road, and to which there is no
insuperable objection to prevent men from voting
for it. I confess that I think the bill of the Select
Committee accomplishes that object. It may re-
quire amendment in some of its features. I may
wish to offer amendments myself. I do not know
how that is, but if I do, they will be amendments
in aid of the measure, and I shall insist upon none
which will hazard its success.
I am free to say to you, sir, that I believe it is
the first and the highest duty of this nation to see
that this road is made. I believe that the integrity
of the Union itself depends upon its construction.
When we have connected the Atlantic and the
Pacific by a railroad, there is no power on earth,
no question which is in existence, or which can be
brought into existence, which can sever the bonds
of the Union. I believe it is necessary, also, to
furnish adequate protection to the distant parts of
the country. I believe, above all, the making of
this road is necessary to enable America to assume
the position to which she is now entitled, of the
first Power on earth. We shall be the first com-
mercial and maritime Power upon the face of the
globe the moment this road is completed.
Then, how are we do it? Some say with land;
1 some say with money. This bill says by a com-
bination of both. Then come in gentlemen who
say, " It is all right; we are for the road; but let us
have a survey first." Sir, we have been at that
for three years, and when we bring up a bill for a
road, it is said we must have a survey. When
we get up bills providing for a survey, it is said
we must have the road immediately. And thus
alternately one proposition or the other has re-
ceived the go-by. The proposition now made to
have a survey, is simply a postponement of the
building of the road, and is to result in doing noth-
ing. I do not mean to say that gentlemen mean
that; but I say that will be the result.
The Senator from Georgia says that no individ-
ual, no nation.no State, ever undertook a work of
this magnitude without a survey. They never did,
, either with or without a survey; for never has a
' road of this magnitude been proposed, much less
executed anywhere. Works of less magnitude
have been devised and executed without surveys.
You objected to me, two or three years ago, be-
cause I was asking a grant of land without a sur-
, vey, for a railroad from Chicago to Mobile. You
! made the grant, although there had been no sur-
vey on a portion of the line for four hundred
miles. But I have now the pleasure nf telling you
|' that the road is under contract. It is more than
[' half done, and it will be finished in two years,
although you gave us ten years within which to
do it. The Senator from Georgia then told us
that we were squandering the public lands for the
purpose of encouraging railroads in a State. I
told him, in reply, that the Government had had
lands in the market for forty-two years, at $1 25
an acre, which were upon the line of the proposed
road, and they could not be sold because of the
absence of timber, and their distance from mar-
ket; but that if you would give us alternate sec-
| tions, we would make the remaining half worth
more than the whole was originally, and enable
you to sell them at $2 50 an acre. He shook his
head, and doubted my argument. He said it was
very good in theory, but the result would not
turn out as I predicted, and that if he thought it
would, he would vote for the bill. I have now
the pleasure of informing him that the alternate
sections reserved to the Government have, some of
them, been brought into market at public auction,
and more of them have been sold within the last
few months, since they have been brought into
market, at $2 50 an acre, than were sold for years
previously at $1 25. They have readily sold at
from $2 50 to $6 25 per acre at auction. The
average price which they have brought is $2 57
per acre, and you do not ask, at the double price,
more than $2 50. That demonstrates that all ap-
prehensions upon the subject of a grant of lands
for roads through a wilderness country where set-
' tlements have never penetrated, vanish as the dew
before the rising sun, when there is an induce-
ment for opening these lands, and a means of
! communication by a railroad to be constructed,
j Now, sir, what has been done through the State
of Illinois by means of that grant, may be done in
I every other of the new States where there are
M public lands, and across that vast wilderness
country, of which gentlemen speak, lying between
the Mississippi and the Pacific ocean. We put
more money into the Treasury by that grant of
land to Illinois, than you could have gcrt there
through any other mode, and more than you
asked for the lands that you had.
But, sir, it was objected then that that was being
done without a survey. I did not deem it neces-
sary to wait for a survey, because we knew that the
route was practicable. A survey would be neces-
sary before you laid down the track, in order to
find out what precise spot or precise line was best
adapted to the purpose. So it is from the Missis-
sippi river to the Pacific ocean.
Well-informed men in regard to the geography
and topography of that country, know that a rail-
road route from the Mississippi to the Pacific is
practicable. I undertake to say that well-informed
men know there are more than twenty-five lines
through twenty-five different passes in the mount-
ains which are practicable. Sir, instead of having
difficulty in selecting an engineer that can find a
practicable route, I think the engineer will immor-
i talize himself who can find a route in our own ter-
ritory which is not practicable. These mountains
I are full of passes—practicable passes. Some are
better than others in respect to climate, in respect
to the soil, timber, and coal; yet there are routes
enough in which you can find tolerably good soil—
not what we call good soil in the Mississippi Valley,
but what I can inform my friend from Rhode Island
[Mr. Clarke] who sits near me, would be called
admirable soil in New England. Gentlemen talk
about the great deserts that lie there, impassable
and uninhabitable. There are lands there that
we who live in the valley of the Mississippi, and
in the great West would call deserts. There are
sections of country there which are not much bet-
ter, upon the average, than the State of Georgia or
the various States of New England. There are
such tracts which are not very large, but quite con-
siderable and extensive, but I undertake to say that
, there is no continuous line which is not susceptible
of a higher degree of cultivation and a greater
yield of product than the line from here to New
Orleans, or the line from here to Portland, in
Maine. By saying this, I do not mean to under-
rate the section of country on the lines to which I
I refer. I only undertake to show that some parts
of this continent have richer lands upon them than
others.
I It must be remembered that those men who have
I crossed these plains, and the emigrants who have
written back such terrible accounts of their deso-
; lation, are persons who went from the Mississippi
valley, where every acre of land is capable of pro-
ducing an almost incredible product of any of the
ordinary grains or crops raised in this country.
Such a man would be very apt to compare the
land upon the plains with the land that he had
left in the valley from which he carrle. He would
compare the valleys of the Platte, or the Gila, or
the Colorado, or the Snake Fork of the Columbia,
or wherever else he might be, with the Illinois, or
the Wabash, or the Miami, or some of those other
tracts where he had happened to live; and perhaps
he would describe it as desolate, because he would
probably find desolation to such an extent that
you could not produce more than forty or fifty
bushels of corn to the acre, and not more than
fifteen or twenty bushels of wheat to the acre.
Why, I have seen, in some of the old States, where
there is such a horror of the desolation of the
West, places where, if they got twenty-five or
even fifteen bushels of corn to the acre, they would
feel themselves very fortunate.
; Again, in traveling across that country, a man
proceeds along the valleys of the streams—he goes
from a country where the valleys of the streams
are always rich and fertile, although the hills may
be comparatively barren. When he goes up the
: valley of the Colorado and the Sweet Fork, and
through the Salt Lake, and goes round by Hum-
boldt's river, no doubt he finds desert wastes all
along the banks of these great streams, and he
, will be apt to say, whoever did conceive of such
desolation as this, where even the valleys of the
streams do not produce grass with which to feed
horses. He would not think of going to the
< mountain sides, and following up the tributary
i streams, because he would think to nimself, if there
is desolation in the valleys, what must be the des-
ert as you recede from them' Such, no doubt,
