510
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 4,
move to reconsider; and that, if decided in the
affimative, that motion will bring the bill before
the House for action. It is not a debatable ques-
tion, and thegentlemanfrom Wisconsin, who made
the motion, cannot speak on it. The Chair fur-
ther decides that the gentleman from New York
or any other gentleman is entitled to the floor to
call the motion up, and move that it be laid on the
table.
Mr. LETCHER. I should like to hear how
the motion is entered on the Journal. If my rec-
ollection be right, I submitted the motion to ad-
journ before the motion to reconsider. I would
inquire, then, how the motion to reconsider was
brought up?
The SPEAKER. The practice has uniformly
been, under the rules of the House, to allow the
motion to reconsider to be entered on the Journal.
Mr. DEAN. Before I yield the floor 
The SPEAKER. The Chair is now deciding
a question of order.
Mr. DOTY. I require, then, that the gentle-
man from New York shall take his seat.
Mr. DEAN. 1 demand that my motion to lay
on the table shall be entered.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. Letcher] submits that the motion to recon-
sider could not be made yesterday evening and
entered on the Journal, because there was a motion
pending that the House adjourn. The Chair de-
cides that the motion could be entered.
Mr. LETCHER. Not exactly that. I say
that the motion could not be made for this reason:
I was on the floor, and submitted the motion
" that the House do now adjourn," and the gen-
tleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Doty] could not
take it from me, and submit his motion, under
those circumstances.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman could not
iebatethe motion to adjourn, and therefore was
not entitled to occupy the-floor after submitting
his motion.
Mr. LETCHER. I understand that when a
motion to adjourn is submitted, the House is
bound to act on it, as it is not a debatable question?
Mr. AVERETT. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. The Journal ought to represent the proceed-
ings of the House correctly. If the Journal be
as the report in the Globe, the motion of the gen-
tleman from Wisconsin precedes the motion of my
colleague to adjourn. I was an eye and ear wit-
ness, and I state, as a matter of fact, that the mo-
tion to adjourn preceded the motion to reconsider.
If the Journal represents it otherwise, the Journal
represents what is not true.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understood that
no objection whatever was made to the motion to
reconsider, and that single fact was regarded by
htm in making up the Journal, as indicating the
unanimous consent^of the House. That is the
only reason the Clerk gives for it. Be that as it
may, the Chair decides that the gentleman from
Wisconsin had the right, under the foltowing.rule,
to have his intention to move, or the motion to
reconsider, entered on the Journal:
" .Vi. When a motion has bepn once made, and carried in
the affirmative or negative, it shaft be in order for any mem-
ber of the majority to move a reconsideration thereof on the
name or succeeding day; and Kuch motion shall tafte pre-
cedence of all other questions except a motion to adjourn,"
&c., &c.
Mr. LETCHER. 1 desire to understand the
decision of the Chair.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman will permit
the Chair to remark in that connection, he does
not decide that the motion to reconsider may be
considered in preference to the motion to adjourn,
but that a motion to adjourn could not deprive a
member from entering on the Journal a motion to
reconsider within the two prescribed days.
Mr. LETCHER. So far as the mere matterof
fact about general consent is concerned, I insisted
upon the motion to adjourn for the express pur-
pose of cutting off the gentleman's "motion to re-
consider.
The SPEAKER. The Chair waives the ques-
tion of general consent, and does not base his de-
cision upon it. His decision is a plain and direct
one, that no motion to adjourn can cut off the right
of a member to make a motion to reconsider a
vote within the time prescribed by the rule; and
the time allowed for that is two days.
Mr. SMART. That is a common-sense rule.
Mr. LETCHER. Then the motion to adjourn
could not preclude the motion to reconsider.
The SPEAKER. The motion to reconsider
could be entered not to be considered at the time,
| because the motion to adjourn took precedence
| of it.
The following is the note to the 56th rule, which
the Clerk will read:
'• The practice, of late years, has been changed, so as to
allow the motion to reconsider to be made at any moment
within the prescribed time. If the motion be made when a
ditlerent subject is before the House, it is entered and re-
mains unlil that subject is disposed of, and then ' takes
precedence of all other business except a motion to adjoin n.'
When any final vote has been taken, and a motion made to
reconsider, that motion may be laid on the table; in
which case, according to the practice of several years past,
the vote stands as though the motion to reconsider had not
been made. This is correct; as, if the House wished to
retain the matter, it wotiid agree to thp motion to reconsid-
er, instead of laying it on the table. Motions to reconsider
should be promptly acted on, otherwise it is in the power
of a single member (voting on the strong side against his
sentiments, solely for the purpose of placing himself in a
situation to make the motion) to arrest business which a
majority have determined to dispatch."
The SPEAKER. The question before the
House was a motion to adjourn. The motion to
reconsider was entered. It could not be consid-
ered then at all. So the right of a member under
the rules was saved.upon the one side, and the
right of the House to adjourn when it pleases
saved upon the other.
i Mr. LETCHER. Is it in order to move to lay
that motion upon the table ?
The SPEAKER. That motion is already made
by the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Dean.]
Mr. DEAN. I call for action upon the motion.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to inquire
of the Chair, if the question be put on laying the
motion to reconsider upon the table and fail, will
it then be too late to appeal from the decision of
the Chair in this case?
The SPEAKER". The Chair 'thinks it would
be too late, for the House will have entered upon
the subject.
Mr. JONES. I wish, before that question is
taken, to appeal from that decision. I understand
the Chair to say, that the weight of argument and
right is upon the side of the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Dean,] who makes this motion; but
decides the motion to reconsider to be in order,
merely upon the ground that there was one prece-
dent for it during the last Congress. The then
Speaker admitted to me afterwards that he did not
have confidence in that decision himself. I do not
iltnow of but one solitary precedent.
The SPEAKER. The case referred to by the
jl gentleman from Tennessee will be read, if it be
!! the pleasure of the House. It was a case precisely
1 in point, however, decided by my immediate pre-
decessor. An appeal was taken from his decision,
and the House sustained his decision.
! Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. WilltheChair
: have it read?
The Clerk then read, as follows:
"April 26,1850.—The House having reconsidered the vote
by winch it had refused to lay upon the table the previous
day, the joint resolution of the House (No. 16) i authorizing
the President of the United States to accept and attach to
the Navy two vessels offered by Henry GrinnelJ, Esq., of
New York, to be sent to*the Artie seas in search of Sir
John Franklin and his companions,
" The Speaker then stated the question to be upon the
motion to lay the said joint resolution upon the table.
" Mr. Jones raided the question of order, that the House
having, on yesterday, refused to lay Xhe joint resolution upon
I the table, and subsequently, on that day, the question being
I upon its engrossment, and his colleague [Mr. Savagi? J be-
ing entitled to the floor, the House having gone into the
Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union,
the joint resolution thereby passed from before the House,
and look its place upon the Speaker's table, to be taken up
: in its order when the House should proceed to the business
on the Speaker's table, and, consequently, that the vote
just taken to reconsider the vote by which the House re-
fused to lay it upon the table, does not bringitfrom its place
on the Speaker's table before the House.
" The Speaker stated, that so far as he had an opportu-
nity of examining the precedents, it appears that in every
instance where a motion to reconsider has been passed in
the affirmative, the question immediately recurred upon the
I question reconsidered. He therefore decided that the affirm-
, ative vote just taken on the motion to reconsider the vote
i by which the House refused to lay the joint resolution upon
the table brought the resolution before the House, and that
the question now recurs upon the original motion to lay it
upon the table.
" From this decision of the Chair Mr. Jones appealed;
and the question being put,i Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the House?5 it was decided id
the affirmative.
" So the decision of the Chair was sustained."
Mr. STUART. I only wish to see if I under-
stand that case correctly. I do not see that the
point was made that it was not in order to move
to reconsider the vote by which the House refused
to lay the matter upon the table. The point of
order made in that case, was as to the question to
be put after the motion to reconsider had been
carried.
The SPEAKER. The motion to reconsider
was acquiesced in, and the appetil taken from the
effect of the motion to reconsider. The Chair
thinks the same principle precisely is involved.
The argument upon the other side, in favor of the
decision, is simply this: The gentleman from Wis-
consin, [Mr. Doty,] by his motion, is supposed to
be dissatisfied with the votegiven upon the motion
to lay upon the table, for the reason that it carries
his bill to the Speaker's table, where it will be
taken up in its order; and it was in the best place,
as the Chair thinks, if the table was generally
cleared every day, as used to be the case. The
gentleman from Wisconsin desires to prevent its
going upon the Speaker's table to be acted upon
in its place, to be laid, by a vote, upon the table,
and diminishing its chances of passage. That is
the argument upon that side.
The argument upon the other side is, that it
is proper to reconsider any action of the House
which they have taken, by which the bill is dis-
posed of temporarily or otherwise. The Chair
is inclined to think the latter is the more correct
view, and he is not disposed to change the prac-
tice of his predecessor and himself upon the sub-
ject. An appeal is taken from the decision of the
Chair.
Mr. AVERETT. I hope to be indulged in a
single remark. My point is that the proceeding
was not correctly entered on the Journal. The
motion to reconsider was not announced by the
Chair at all, and the House had no notice of it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia has a right to move to correct the Journal
affecting this very matter.
Mr. AVERETT. My objection to the Journal
is, that the motion of my colleague [Mr. Letch-
eii] that the House adjourn, preceded any ac-
tion of the House, or any motion of the member
from Wisconsin, [Mr. Doty,] and this I wish to
be entered upon the Journal.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has no "objection
to such an entry, because it does not affect his
decision at all.
Mr. STANLY. The gentleman from Virginia
is mistaken, according to my recollection. His
colleague [Mr. Letcher] made the motion to ad-
journ, it is true, but there is no proof that the
gentleman who was in the chair [Mr. Mason]—
the Speaker himself not being there—heard that
motion or recognized it; and if the gentleman
from Virginia was trying to get the floor to make
the motion, the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr.
Doty] made his motion to reconsider, and was rec-
ognized by the Chair. I watched the whole
proceeding, and I knew what the gentleman was
about. The Chair received the motion to re-
consider, and then entertained the motion to ad-
journ.
The SPEAKER. The question is upon cor-
recting the Journal. Will the gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Averett] inform us whether his
proposition is to change the Journal, so that the
motion to adjourn shall appear before the motion
to reconsider?
Mr. AVERETT. I desire the fact shall be
stated, that my colleague made the motion to ad-
journ, and then it will be for the House to decide
whether they will have this other motion to recon-
sider. I want the Journal to tell the plain truth.
It does not now, for it represents the gentle-
man from Wisconsin [Mr. Doty] as making the
motion to reconsider before my colleague [Mr.
Letcher] moved the adjournment. In this the
Journal is not correct in point of fact, and I ven-
ture to say that not a dozen of the members pres-
ent knew that the motion to reconsider was entered
at all.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia, then, desires that the motion to adjourn shall
precede the motion to reconsider.
Mr. RICHARDSON. We do not know what
the facts are in relation to that matter. Is it in the
recollection of the Speaker—the Presiding Officer
of the House—that the motion to adjourn preceded
the motion to reconsider ?
The SPEAKER. During the pendency of the
motion made to adjourn, as the Chair understands,
the gentleman from Wisconsin immediately arose
