185^.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
515
this Congress to secure a distribution of the pub-
lic lands, in some shape or other, so as to give the
old States of the Union an interest in them. Now,
sir, 1 will inform the Senator from Arkansas that
I do not intend to go rhrough the argument which
I have already made upon the subject, or to con-
sume the time of the Senate by arguing afresh the
things which have already been discussed at a
very considerable length; but 1 had contemplated,
and do still contemplate, at the proper time, in
the consideration of the bill which he has offered,
to move what is known as " Bennett's laml bill"
as a substitute for it, if it can be done; and in
moving it, I wish to submit it to the consideration
of the Senate without any argument at all on my
part.
I do not intend to consume the time of the Sen-
ate by a discussion, but I Want the privilege either
now or on the day which may be fixed by my
friend from Arkansas for the consideration of his
bill, of offering that as a substitute, and leaving it
to the Senate whether they would adopt it or not.
If it is overruled, I will have nothing more to say;
if it is adopted, then Arkansas will be provided
for in that bill like the rest of the States. That is
all I ask the privilege of doing. I do not wish to
«nter into a discussion of it.
Mr. RUSK. All I desire to say on this ques-
tion is, that 1 think it is due to Arkansas that the
Senate should consider the bill now. It was passed
at the last session of Congress by the House of
Representatives, and has been slurred over till the
present time, here. If it is not passed now, it
will fail entirely, as a matter of course. It grants
no more to the State of Arkansas than has been
granted to other States, and no more than puts
her on an equality with other States with regard
to the aid given for their improvements. I think
it is due to Arkansas, and will not operate so gs
to be any hardship upon any other State. I think
there should be action upon it, and that it should
be either passed or rejected at once. I hope that
if the consideration of-the bill is postponed, it may
be to some day when we shall certainly act upon
it, one way or the other.
Mr. GWIN. We discussed this question about
granting alternate sections of land for railroads,
for months at the last session, and nothing new
can possibly be said upon the subject. I do hope
that inasmuch as Arkansas has been sufficiently
successful to get this bill sent herefrom the House,
we may take it up and vote upon it. I hope that,
as we have spent months in discussing a proposi-
tion equivalentto the oBe mentioned by the Sena-
tor from Kentucky, we may now have a vote on
this bill without discussion.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I have promised that I
will not discuss it, and that I will not interpose
any obstruction to considering the bill. I am will-
ing to proceed with it now, if such be the pleasure
of the Senate. All I ask is, that the amendment
may be offered and voted upon. I promised not
to discuss it.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will inform the
Senator, that the bill is now before the Senate as
in Committee of the Whole, and is open to amend-
ment.
Mr. FELCH. I have no objection to fixing a
day for the consideration of this bill, and taking
it up when the day arrives; but if the Senator
from Kentucky designs to #ffer the amendment
which he suggests, which proposes the distribu-
tion of the lands among the old States, and the
new also, it will be a subject of discussion. That
Senator, I recollect, discussed that question at the
last session, at great length; and, of course, if it
is again brought up before the Senate, before the
vote is taken, there will be something said on the
other side. I know, also, that there are other
amendments to be offered to this bill. I know
that a Senator, who is not now in his seat, designs
to offer one. I hope, therefore, that the Senator
from Arkansas will consent to the postponement
of the bill to a future day.
Mr. SHIELDS. I hope not. I hope the bill
will be acted upon now. It will occupy a great
deal more time if we decide to act upon it hereaf-
ter. To save time, therefore, I hope it will be
acted upon now; and I trust my friend from Ken-
tucky will not bring up the question which he pro-
poses upon this bill. There are various bills upon
which he can try it. The bill itself, which he pro-
poses to offer as an amendment, is now on our
table*.
Mr. CHASE. The bill commonly known as
" Bennett's land bill," will undoubtedly lead to a
great deal of discussion. The bill of the Senator
from Arkansas has been debated time and time
again; its principles have been settled over and
over again. It seems to me that the Senator from
Kentucky will not persevere in pressing his amend-
ment, which is a House bill, to the bill of the Sena-
tor from Arkansas, when tfciat bill itself can be taken
up at any time hereafterforconsideration. Itseems
to me that it is evidently unjust, and I am sure he
would be the very last man in this body to commit
any designed injustice with regard to the bill be-
fore us. My own position, in regard to the
bill, would have been such as to compel me to
vote against it; but when the Senate has fully con-
sidered the whole subject, and made up its mind
upon the principle, and has passed other similar
bills, it seems to be wrong that we should delay
the consideration of the'bill of the Senator from
Arkansas, for the purpose of making to it any
amendment whatever. I trust, therefore, we shall
act upon the bill, and act upon it at once.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I do not intend to dis-
cuss the measure, as I have said, but I must be
permitted to say a word in reply to the gentleman
from Ohio. The bills making grants of lands to
the States, which passed the Senate at the last
session, and were sent to the House, were, as I
understand, acted upon by that House, and the
bill to which I referred, Bennett's land bill, as it
is called, was substituted for them. I understood
that that was the policy, if not the technical ac-
tion of the House. The Bennett land bill makes
provision for Arkansas; and if she gets the pro-
vision contained in this bill, in addition to that of
Bennett's land bill, as I understand, she will get
a double portion. Is not that so ?
Mr. SEBASTIAN. If the Senator will allow
me, I will say to him that he is entirely in error
on that point. I have examined Bennett's land
bill, and it provides precisely for the same roads
in Arkansas as this bill, and for one additional
road. It has a further provision, that the lands
granted to any State by bills passed at this ses-
sion of Congress, are to be deducted from the
. amount granted by that bill; so that there can be
no difficulty whatever on that score.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Then if that be so I
have labored under a mistake in regard to that
point, and I will not offer Bennett's land bill as a
substitute for this, but I will allow this to be
J passed by itself.
At the request of Mr. BRIGHT the bill was
read through. It proposes grants of alternate sec-
tions of land for six miles on each side of the
road, and is, in its details, similar to other bills of
the same nature, which have been heretofore be-
fore the Senate.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I wish to inquire of
the Senator from Arkansas if the roads as pro-
vided for in this bill, and the bill itself, meet the
approbation of his colleague, [Mr. Borland,] who
is not now in his seat ?
1 Mr. SEBASTIAN. I will answer the inquiry
so far as I know the facts. My colleague introduced
at the last session, and procured their passage
through this body, bills for a system of roads cor-
responding precisely to those embraced in this bill,
with the exception of about one fourth. Three
fourths of the road or roads provided for in this bill
were included in the bills which were passed by the
Senate at the last session. The difference sim-
ply is, that his bills provided for the termination
of but one road upon the Mississippi, and this
provides, in addition to that, for one to end op-
posite Cairo. I would say further to my friend
from Iowa, that the difference between the bills
of my colleague in the Senate [Mr. Borland]
and my colleague in the House [Mr. Johnson]
was the subject of some discussion in the Arkansas
Legislature. 1 am not informed that they have in-
structed for either; but they have passed acts for
the incorporation of a company or companies to
construct the very roads for which this bill pro-
vides; and I am acting upon that «ls an indication
of the acquiescence of the Legislature in this
scheme.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. My purpose was not
to oppose this road, or this bill. I wished simply
to know whether the Senator from Arkansas, not
now present, was in favor of it. I presumed
that he was, or else the other Senator from that
State, who is pflpent, would hardly have moved
to take it up now, in the absence of his col-
league.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I have conferred with my
colleague upon the matter, and I understood from
him that he would offer no opposition to this bill.
He declined taking its paternity, but was willing
to allow me to take just such a course in regard
to it as my judgment might sanction, and I have
done so.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. Mr. President, I made
the inquiry because of a' conversation to which
the Senator from Arkansas, [Mr. Borland,] not
now in his seat, the Senator fromMichigan, [Mr.
Felch,] the chairman of the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, and myself, were parties, and not with
any view to embarrass my worthy friend who
is so solicitous for the passage of this bill.
Mr. President, (Mr. Atchison being in the
chair,) you well remember that, although at the
last session of Congress the House of Represent-
atives treated the State whence I come with the
most manifest injustice, I nevertheless aided you
with my voice and vote in effecting the passage
of your Missouri land bill. That bill passed the
| House by a very large majority on one day, and
on the next the Iowa bill, with the same number
of roads, (two,) with exactly similar provisions
: in all respects, and appropriating a like quantity
of land, was voted down and killed by an equally
1 large majority.
When struggling for the Iowa bill, which passed
this body before any other at the last session, I
declared that 1 wished it to pass or be rejected on
its own merits, and that if defeated, I should sus-
tain the Missouri and Arkansas bills, which were
then pending in this body, and behind ours, with
the same alacrity and good will that I did my own.
I then wanted, and now want, all these measures
to stand upon their own merits—being then, as
now, opposed to " log-rolling" through, or carry-
ing them through in an omnibus. I still intend to
act in the same spirit, and not to play the part of
the dog in the manger. I will not attempt to amend
this bill, or to obstruct its passage, notwithstand-
ing it has another appropriation for Missouri, be-
sides the one for Arkansas. But I do here, in my
place, seize the occasion to enter my solemn pro-
test against the injustice that has been done the
State which I in part represent, by the coordinate
branch of Congress—the House of Representa-
tives.
Another reason why I vote for this bill is, be-
cause I cannot turn a deaf ear to the impassioned
appeals which have been made to me by the gal-
lant and able Representative from Arkansas [Mr.
' Johnson] not to amend his bill, and thus send it
back to the House of Representatives—that grave
| of the new State land bills.
j Mr. GEYER. I desire to say, Mr. President,
, that 1 do not regard this bill as containing any
: provisions whatever for the benefit of the State
i of Missouri. I do not suppose that the road will
ever be made from the southwestern boundary-
line of Arkansas to the mouth of the Ohio, and if
it were not that it would embarrass this bill to send
it back to the House of Representatives with an
amendment, and because if that course should be
pursued, I fear that it would not be passed at all
at this session, and that thus Arkansas would be
defeated in her attempt to procure an appropri-
ation for ropds within that State, I should offer an
amendment to the bill providing, that instead of
the road running to Cairo, at the mouth of the
Ohio, it should run from Little Rock to St. Louis.
It would then be a part of the Mississippi Valley
road, which is of great interest to all the States on
I the western side of the Mississippi. I shall not,
however, under the circumstances, propose any
such amendment. I rose, Mr. President, for the
; purpose of saying that I do nolfregard this bill as
making any grant of land for the benefit of the
State of Missouri.
| Mr. FELCH. Iehall interpose no objection to
the passage of this bill, but I wish to say this much:
Everybody knows that, like my friend from Iowa,
I have stood by these bills from first to last. I
' am sorry, however, that the Senator from Arkan-
| sas proposes final action upon this bill to-day. I
i know that the representatives of States who have
been provided for by the bills which passed the
■ Senate, but which did not pass the House, and
which are equally meritorious with those which
I have received the favor of both Houses, would de-
) sirs to look into this matter before there be final
