516
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 5,
action upon this bill. I know that my colleague
[Mr. Cass] proposes to do so, though I am not
able to say that he would offer any amendment to
this b:H. it" he were here. But as the Senate seem
disposed to not on the matter now, I shall not cer-
tainly interposp objection. I regret, however,that
alter my friend has called up this bill merely, as I
understood, to assign a day for action upon it, he
has seen fit to go on and press it to a final vote.
Mr. SEBASTIAN.. A single word only, in
explanation of my own course in this matter. I
regret that the course which I have thought proper
to pursue has been the subject of misconception on
the part of my honorable and worthy friend from
Michigan. It was not certainly my intention to
press the bill to a vote to-day, as I gave my friends
to understand, if there was opposition from the
Senator from Kentucky, by interposing the Ben-
nett land bill as an amendment to this; but as soon
as that, which 1 understood was the only formi-
dable opposition, was withdrawn, I could certainly
see no reason for delay; nor could I see anything
ungenerous in pressing the bill. It is a bill of
great interest to the State which I represent, and
I did not fee! myself at liberty on trifling and un-
important grounds, when there seemed to be no
serious opposition to the bill, to compromise the
interests of my State. If I know myself, I am
incapable of doing an ungenerous act, and I feel
that I have not done so in this instance. I regret
that the honorable Senator from Michigan has
thought proper to allude, even in the gentle terms
which he used, to the misconception on his part
in respect to this matter.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a
third time, and passed.
MESSAGE FROM THE. HOUSE.
A message was received from the House of Rep-
resentatives, by Mr. Haves, its Chief Clerk, an-
nouncing th^t it had passed a bill to change the
name of the steamboat Forest City.
Also, that it concurred in the resolution of the
Senate respecting the mode of counting the votes
for President and Vice President of the United
States, and had appointed Mr. George W. Jones,
of Tennessee, and Mr. Chandler, of Pennsylva-
nia, tellers on their part.
ARSENAL IN NEWCASTLE.
Mr. BAYARD. I ask the Senate to take up ;
this morning the bill " granting and reconveying i
the arsenal, in the town of New Castle, State of ;
Delaware, to the trustees of said town, and their 1
successors." It is a bill to which I suppose there,!
■will be no opposition, but if there should be, I
■hall consent to its postponement. i
Mr. BRADBURY. I supposed that it was the
common understanding of the Senate that I was to
have half an hour this morning to take up the
House bill, which has been reported from the
Committee on the Judiciary, regulating costs and
fees in the United States courts. I hope the Sen-
ator will not persist in his motion.
Mr. BAYARD. If my bill occupies three min-
utes I will consent to give way.
Mr. SHIELDS, i hope the motion of the
Senator from Delaware will be agreed to. The
Department has been consulted in regard to his
bill, and there is no opposition to it.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the bill as in Committee of the !
Whole.
Mr. BAYARD. I would state in a very few
•words 
Mr. SHIELDS. If the honorable Senator will
permit me, I will state this: The town of New .
Castle granted this land to the United States for
an arsenal, and the United States has abandoned
it and can makeTio use of it, and it is now pro-
posed to restore it again to that town.
The bill was reported to the Senate without ,
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third '
reading, read a third time, and passed.
THE FEE BILL.
Onmotion by Mr. BRADBURY, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider, as in Committee of the Whole, j
the bill from the Hpuse of Representatives, to
regulate the fees and costs to be allowed clerks,
marshals, and attorneys of the circuit and district
courts of the United States, and for other pur-
poses.
The PRESIDENT. The bill will be read
through for information.
Mr. GWIN. I hope the reading will be dis- |
pensed with. We all have read the bill, and all j
understand it. It is a long one, and there will be ;
a great waste of time if it be read through.
Mr. BRADBURY. I hope the amendments
of the Judiciary Committee will be read and acted
upon.
The PRESIDENT. If there be no objection,
that course will be pursued.
Mr. BROOKE. I hope the bill will be read.
The PRESIDENT. The bill must be read if
any Senator desires it.
After the reading of the bill had been continued
for some time—
Mr. GWIN. I understand that the Senator
from Mississippi withdraws his objection.
Mr. BRIGHT. I wish to hear the bill read.
Mr. BROOKE. With the consent of the Sen-
ator from Maine, I move that the further consid-
eration of the bill be postponed until Monday at
half past twelve o'clock.
Mr. BRADBURY. At the suggestion of the
Senator from Mississippi, who said he wished to
propose an amendment, I stated to him that 1
would be willing, after the adoption or considera-
tion of the amendments reported by the Committee , |
on the Judiciary, to have the bill postponed, and
made the special order for Monday at half past
twelve o'clock; but I hof>e that the reading will ;
be dispensed with, and the amendments be now
considered.
Mr. BRIGHT. I should like to hear the bill
read, and I intend, before I vote upon it, to read it
, for myself, or to have it read by the Secretary for
our information; but as there is a motion made to
i postpone, I am willing to allow that question to
The PRESIDENT. The question is on the
motion to postpone the bill, and make it the spe-
cial order for half past twelve o'clock on Monday.
Mr. SEWARD. I would suggest that there
are already two special orders for Monday next.
Mr. HALE. I hope this bill will not be post-
poned. If there is a single bill before the Senate
that ought to be passed, and that ought to receive
the prompt consideration of the Senate, it is this
bill. The object of it is to prevent piracies not on
the high seas, but upon the National Treasury. It
has been prepared with great care and attention.
Some statistics that were submitted to the com- i
mittee which framed this bill, show that fees to ,
the amount of $9,000 were charged by a marshal I
in a single case in one district for a few days, or
few weeks' services at the most. The $9,000 were j
not only charged but paid. There is the most
enormous system of frauds and piracies perpe-
1 trated under the anomalous mode of collecting
fees in the United States courts than is to be found
anywhere. This bill is to remedy that difficulty.
It has been prepared with great care, and the evil
which it is proposed to remove is a crying evil. I
hope the bill will not be postponed.
Mr. RUSK. If there was any possibility of
coming to a decision upon the bill within any rea-
sonable time, I should not vote for the postpone-
ment; but every one must see that we cannot do
it. It will occupy nearly an hour, I am informed,
J to read the bill, it is so very long. Then there j
are various amendments to it proposed by the ;
j Committee on the Judiciary. Every Senator must j
remember that a bill of this sort which was intro- 1
duced here a few years ago by the Committee on i
the Judiciary, was debated for weeks. Under |
such circumstances, as we are encroaching upon ;
; the hour for the special order upon which the
honorable Senator from South Carolina [Mr. But-
ler] has the floor and is ready to go on, I shall ,
certainly vote to postpone. No good will be ac- j
complished by discussing a bill for a short time
merely. I think the friends of the measure had
better agree to the proposition to postpone.
, Mr BRADBURY. I will not object to any
j proposition of the kind, if it is the understanding
J that we are to have the bill considered at the time
to which it may be postponed, and that we are
not to be defeated in its consideration by any
course that may be pursued for the consumption !
of time. This is a bill which has been justly char-
acterized by the Senator from New Hampshire as
one to prevent frauds and piracies upon the pub-
lic Treasury. It is an important bill. I am aware
that communications have been made to various
Senators, representing that theiill destroys many j
of the offices, or does not give tnem requisite com- I
pensation; but it is an improper representation.
The bill gives ample compensation for evtry ser-
vice rendered, but it is designed to prevent those
frauds which have grown up in recent years.
With the understanding that we may have its con-
sideration on Monday, 1 will not press its further
consideration now, because I know that the hon-
orable Senator from South Carolina desires the
floor upon another subject..
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would suggest to
the Senator from Maine to postpone the bill till
Tuesday. It will be remembered that yesterday
the Senatorfrom Alabama, [Mr. Clemens,] who
has been absent from the Chamber for alsng while
on account of sickness, came to the Senate, and
notified us that on Monday he would call up the
joint resolutions on .the subject of the Monroe
doctrine and the Cuba question, and, therefore, I
would suggest to the Senator from Maine to post-
pone his bill till Tuesday next.
Mr. BRADBURY. I move to postpone the
further consideration of the bill until Tuesday,
and make it the special order for half past twelve
o'clock on that day.
The motion was agreed to.
RAILROAD TO THE PACIFIC.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the bill for the pro-
tection of the emigrant route and a telegraphic
line, and for an overland mail between the Mis-
souri river and the settlements in California and
Oregon.
The question was debated by Mr. BUTLER
and Mr. BELL until three o'clock, when the lat-
ter gentleman gave way without finishing, and
the Senate adjourned. [This debate will be found
in the Appendix.]
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, Februaiy 5, 1853.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Rev. James Gallaher.
The Journal of yesterday was read andapproved.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is the consideration of the bill for the relief of Pat-
rick Gass, which has been reported from a Com-
mittee of the Whole House.
REGISTER TO THE BARK FANNY.
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to take up Senate bill
No. 584, which provides simply^for authorizing
the Secretary of the Treasury to issue a register
to the British bark Fanny, and that it may be put
upon its passage.
No objection was made, and the bill was taken
up and read a first and second time by its title, as
follows:
" An act authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury to
issue a register to the British bark Fanny, under the name
of the Golden Mirror."
The bill was then ordered to be read a third
time; and it was subsequently read a third time
and passed.
JOHN A. LYNCH.
Mr. NABERS. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to take up and pass Senate bill No.
360, for the relief of the widow of John A. Lynch.
The report in the case is short. I ask that it may
be read, and then I presume there will be no ob-
jection to the passage of the bill. If the matter
shall consume any time, I will not insist upon it.
No objection being made, the bill was taken up
for consideration.
The report, which was read, shows that the
memorialist claims compensation for services as a
clerk in the Treasury Department, from the tenth
day of August to the seventh of December, 1846,
at threedollars per day—$306. That Mr. Young,
at that time Chief Clerk of the Department, cer-
tified " that Mr. Lynch was employed from Au-
gust tenth to seventh December, 1846, and for
which no pay was received."
Mr. NABERS. I will remark to the House
that Mr. Lynch died a few days before the passage
of the bill by the Senate, and he leaves a widow
who asks this relief.
The bill was then read a first and second time
by its title, and ordered to a third reading, and it
was subsequently read a third time and passed.
THE STEAMER FOREST CITY.
Mr. STUART. I ask the unanimous consent
