518
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 5,
of the Public Priming were printing. The firm
to which lie belongs—Parrish, Dunning, Mears
& Co.—offers to print ten thousand copies for
5>14,?00. If to thnt bid were added the freight of
the Looks from Philadelphia, it would not be less
than the pi ice of the public printer, underthe law,
by more than §1,200. Your committee thought,
notwithstanding that bid came in after the report
had been made, it would state this fact to the
House.
Mow will any member, after Congress has es-
tablished a printing bureau, caused the appoint-
ment of a Superintendent of the Printing, fixed the 1
price to be paid to the public printer for the public
printing, and compelled him to expend between
$50,000 and £60,000 in the outfit of a printing
office, as General Armstrong has, that the public
work might be properly executed, say that it is
proper for us to accept a bid of $1,200 less than
the price under the law, from any publisher other
than the public printer? I think that it is not.
Let me show to the House the reason for fixing
the prices as they are fixed in the joint resolution; i
because this kind of work—rule and figure work
—is that on which the Government has heretofore
always been fleeced to death. We have fixed
the prices precisely that there shall be no chance
for dodging, and that the Superintendent of the
Public Printing shall require the work to be exe-
cuted in a peculiar manner, and thus to afford him \
no opportunity to construe the resolution so as to
give the benefit of what printers call " fat." That
word " fat," in printing, seems to apply to a large |
margin, without any printing on it. 1
I will now state to a mill what the cost will be to i
the public printer and what his profits will amount j
to. To print ten thousand copies, one thousand
three hundred and thirty reams of paper will be
required, which, at $6,825 per ream, will cost
$9,077. Then the composition for the rule and fig-
ure work at forty cents per thousand ems, would
cost the printer $1,850. The press-work for one
thousand three hundred and thirty reams at two
dollars per ream, would cost $2,660. And, there-
fore, the actual outlay would be $4,917 25; and
add $9,077 for paper, which will make $13,994 25.
This does not include lights, superintendent's
wages, wear and tear of material, and many inci-
dental expenses not enumerated. For this work
the public printer will receive under the law, i
$10,086, which, with the cost of the paper, will
make up the sum of $19,163. We followed pre-
cisely a certain rule of calculation, which, for my
life, 1 cannot explain. You were greatly alarmed, 1
I suppose, by being informed heretofore that the j
printing of this census was going to cost $150,000.
.Large calculations were made in the Democratic I
Review. That journal stated it was going to be a 1
large speculation, and was going to cost the Gov-
ernment $200,000.
We have shown by the report that the printing
cannot by any contingency cost one thousandth
part of a mill more than the present calculation,
unless you resolve to print more matter and more
copies. If ynu resolve to print more copies, the
cost will be more; and if less, the cost will be
less. The committee have concluded unanimously
against publishing any of the historical part of the
census prepared by the Superintendent of the Cen-
sus Bureau, a specimen of which, with relation
to the State of Maryland, was laid on the table
of each member. The Committee on Printing on
the part of the House of Representatives, having
in view their duties towards this body, unani-
mously concluded to publish only what statistics
were ordered to be taken by the' law authorizing
the taking of the Seventh Census—nothing more
and nothing less. Now, 1 have shown you to a
mill what it will cost the public printer to execute
this printing, and what we propose to give him
for its execution, from which you can calculate !
what will be his profits.
In that calculation of the cost there is no insur- J
ance, no wear and tear of material, no rent for
office, and no expense for candles, fuel, gas, &c., j
counted. Three per cent, only is added, and you '
give the printer only a profit of $2,500 on ten j
thousand copies. The nearer you approach to-
wards twenty thousand copies the more profit you j
give the printer; but the printing of thirty thousand '
copies will cost you less than the printing of twen- [
ty thousand copies. Though strange, that is a true
declaration. When I say it will cost less, I do
not mean in proportion. The public printer will I
get a less number of dollars for printing thirty
thousand copies of this census than for printing
twenty thousand copies. The Government pur-
chases the paper by its superintendent, and fur-
nishes it to the printer. And now let me show you
how it is that the cost is less for thirty thousand
copies. During the last session the gentleman
from Kentucky [Mr. Marshall] reported a bill
to the House fixing the prices to be paid for the
public printing on statements sworn to before the
Committee on Printing, from printers of New
York, Philadelphia, and Washington. Those
prices were considered by that committee to be
fair ones.
Mr. DOCKERY. I want to know if we print
forty thousand copies whether the cost will be
still less ?
Mr. GORMAN. I do not desire to be inter-
rupted at this point. The gentleman from South
Carolina [Mr. Orr] submitted an amendment for
a reduction of forty per cent., which amendment
was adopted. When you order over twenty thou- j
sand copies, your Superintendent commences and '
deducts forty per cent, from the number one up to '
twenty thousand,instead of commencing at twenty
and deducting forty per cent, upon any number
above twenty thousand copies. You make the
public printer publish the whole proceedings for
less than he is allowed fo\; composition. If you
wish to destroy him, publish thirty or forty thou-
sand copies. The publishing of your Patent Of-
fice Report, but for the peculiar manner in which
it is printed, would involve him in a very heavy
loss—thousands of dollars.- My friend from Geor-
gia here says that it is a good law.
Mr. TOOMBS. It is a very good check. It
prevents any effort to procure orders for large
editions of public documents.
Mr. GORMAN. My friend has given the rea-
son exactly. I was about to remark that Con-
gress is becoming a great book-making concern.
Will the gentleman allow me to say, for myself,
that I have given, by my votes, upon all occasions,
a check to this thing, and shall continue to do so?
What is proposed to be printed by outsiders ?
One hundred thousand and as much as two hun-
dred thousand copies. I have brought the num-
ber down to the lowest amount, and I frankly
confess to you that I believe it is a good law. It
will keep you from becoming a great monopoly
and book-making concern; but I beg of you not
to try the experiment upon our friend General
Armstrong, unless you want to break him up at
the start. You ought to repay the forty per cent,
reduction improperly withheld from him under
construction of the law. You ought not to have
any squeamishness about it. Gentlemen ought
to do it like honorable and just men, and do it at
once. You say you will not do it. You say you
have a law—that you do not want to legislate any
more about public printing. You have got a law.
By actual calculation you can demonstrate, under
the prices which you fix of forty per cent, dis-
count, that you make the public printer print
thirty thousand copies for less than you allow
him for printing twenty thousand copies, of course
not including the paper. It is a good law if the
object be never to print more than twenty thou-
sand; but you always want more than twenty
thousand copies of the agricultural and mechan-
ical parts of the Patent Office Report. My friend
from Georgia suggests to me, in a quiet way, that
it is all wrong, and that he would not print twenty
thousand copies.
Mr. TOOMBS. I would not.
Mr. GORMAN. You are getting more eco-
nomical than usual.
Mr. TOOMBS. I would not print one copy
of it.
Mr. GORMAN. There is a large number of
the members who will insist upon one hundred
thousand copies of your Patent Office Report. If
you intend to do justice, if you intend to get at
the real truth, you will require a committee to in-
vestigate whether the public printer is not literally
ruined if you publish one or two hundred thousand
copies.
Mr. TOOMBS. Will the gentleman allow me
one remark ? I am glad to hear the speech which
he is making. I have no doubt that the effect of
this law will be to prevent the publishing of a great
many extra copies. So far as I am myself con-
cerned, I would print none of them. It makes no
difference what you pay the public printer; for our
experience has been, that you finally pay him
whatever he asks. That has been done several
times. Engage him upon what terms you please,
and you will pay in the end what he asks. It
makes no difference about the amount. You will
get a conference committee at the end of the ses-
sion, and pay him the amount claimed or asked.
Mr. GORMAN. I feel the force and correct-
ness of the gentleman's remarks. The contract
system only opens the door for men to perpetrate
frauds upon the Government. They will combine
with agents around these Halls—they will combine
with the money power, and with every interest
which they can bring to bear to get a job—and at
last they will come in here and bid at prices at
which they cannot do the press-work. The very
next thing you see, there will be a bill introduced
proposing to make up the actual losses. I knew
a man who did the public printing, and he can
demonstrate by figures as clear as the noonday
sun, that there was an actual loss of $20,000, but
he has never got a cent. I intended when 1 arose,
to confine myself to the question before the House,
and I do not intend to be drawn into the discus-
sion of any irrelevant points. I have never spoken
to a question to which I have not confined my-
self as far as I could to the point. I desire now
that my friend from Mississippi [Mr. Brown]
and this House shall have an opportunity of scan-
ning this bill. There is one single point in which
it needs amendment. Let it be offered, and let us
settle the matter to-day.
Before I conclude my remarks, permit me to-
say, that the first part of this bill proposes simply
the printing, and the latter part the binding. In
regard to that, I suppose there will be no con-
test, and I suppose I need not refer to anything
which is not before us. The prices in this bill are
substantially identical with thepricesfixed by law,
so far as they can be identical for this kind of
work, when there is nothing in the law in regard
to it. The House of Representatives will bear in
mind that when you passed the printing law you
excepted the census; but you did not except the
census from the public printer beyond this, that
you reserved to yourselves the manner of printing
and the matter to be printed. Whether or not the
public printer is entitled to it underthe law might
be made a legal question. Our committee have
not decided that the public printer is legally enti-
tled to it. The question is a mooted one, and it
had friends on both sides. Thereis another thing
to which I wish to call your attention. The Sen-
ate, in all probability, will publish about ten
thousand copies. They generally publish more
than we do. We have left a blank to be filled up,
depending upon the amount ordered by the Senate.
If the Senate order as many as we do, that blank
will be filled with one price; if it is a less number
than ten thousand, it will be filled up by another
price.
Mr. HAVEN made a remark entirely inaudible
to the Reporter.
Mr. GORMAN. The gentleman is right. He
has the calculation which fshould have had. The
Superintendent of Printing furnished my friend
from New York with a paper. I thought I had
it, but I could not lay my hands upon it at the
time. It will be filled up, then, as stated by the
gentleman from New York, at forty-five or thirty-
seven and a half cents, depending upon the amount
ordered by the Senate. I say to the House, that
as soon as gentlemen discuss this question, I de-
sire, at the proper time, to ask the floor, and call
the previous question. At this time I shall not,
for the reason that gentlemen desire to discuss the
resolution.
Mr. CHANDLER. I wish to make a single
correction in the remarks of the gentleman from
Indiana, that the proposals of the firm of Pairish
& Co. did not include conveyance of the books,
after they are printed, to this city.
Mr. GORMAN. They excluded it in words.
Mr. CHANDLER. 1 was not in the room
when the gentleman commenced his remarks. I
was instructed to say that their proposals are here.
Mr. GORMAN. They have excluded it. I
have no doubt the gentlemen has friends in Phila-
delphia who would like to come in for the job at
four hundred dollars less than the prices of the
public printer.
Mf. STANTON, of Kentucky. With the per-
mission of my friend from Indiana, [Mr. Gor-
man,] I will state that a letter from those gentle-
