1853
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
519
men has been but this moment placed in my hands, i:
Tliey siate: "Our offer is dated in Washington,
and we meant by that to deliver the copies free of
all freight in this cily." This settles that matter,
and the gentleman will see, by reference to their
proposition to the committee, that it contains no
statement by which it can be interred that they
design to charge for transportation, as he supposes.
With the farther indulgence of my friend, I
wish to say, that it is not my design to take from
the public printer any of the work ordered by
Congress which he can execute, and especially the
printing of the census returns. I am satisfied,
however, from the information possessed by the
Committee on Printing, that the job in question
can be executed for a less sum than the estimate of
the Superintendent of Public Printing, based upon
the prices fixed in the joint resolution reported
from the committee, and to be paid the public
printer.
The committee were required by the resolution
of the House, to ascertain what the work could
be executed for according to the prices paid the
public printer under the law, and also whether it
could be done cheaper elsewhere. Lippincott,
Grambo &Co., of Philadelphia, submitted to the
committee a proposition to do the work, at prices
which were considered by theSuperintendentgreat-
er than those of the public printer. These prices
are contained in the report of the committee, and
also the cost of the work, if done by the public
printer, as estimated by the Superintendent. An-
other firm in Philadelphia,Parrish,Dunning,Mears
& Co., said to be substantial men, have, since the
report of the committee was made to the House,
also submitted a proposition to do this work in
the style, and upon as good material as is provi-
ded for in the joint resolution, upon terms greatly
cheaper than either those of the public printer or
Lippincott, Grambo & Co. I have in my hand a
table which shows the comparative rate of each
proposition, which I submit to the consideration of
the House:
No. of Copies.
Lippin-
cott, Gram-
bo & Co.
Public Parrish,
Printer. Dunning
! & Mears.
10,000 copies Statistics, 1 :
volume, 1,000 pages.... $35,800
<20,000 copies Statistics, 1
volume, 1,000 pages.... 46,000
For the 2 volumes, includ-
ing letterpress :
10,000 copies, 2 volumes,
1,000 pages each j $39,600
90,000 copies, 2 volumes, ,
1,006 pages each I 68,000
*19,163 ! $14,700
33,564 27,700
$35,076
6 J ,879
$27,800
53,000
It will be seen that the offer of Parrish, Dunning,
Mears & Co., is about thirtv-on^ per cent, be-
low that of Lippincott, Grambo'" & Co., and
twenty-seven per cent, below the cost which will
be incurred if the public printer does the work.
In printing ten thousand copies of the statistical
part of the census returns, the Government will
gave by the prices of Parrish, Dunning, Mears,
& Co., over those of the public printer, $4,463.
If ten thousand copies of both historical and sta-
tistical matter is published in two volumes, the
saving will be $7,276; and if twenty thousand
copies of both are published, we shall save $8,879;
and in the same proportion for any greater num-
ber.
As I do not wish to pay more for this work
than a fair price, I have prepared and offer the
following amendment: to strike out all after the
word "or' in the fourteenth line, and insert what
I send to the Clerk's table.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi. I object to the
gentleman's amendment.
Mr. STANTON. I am not disposed to offer
it unless it is in order, but will avail myself of
another opportunity to present it.
Mr. TOOMBS. I do not wish to discuss the
question, but I am very much indebted to the gen-
tleman from Indiana [Mr. Gorman] for the in-
formation which he has given us upon the sub-
ject. I objected to the class of legislation which
excluded and cut off other persons who have
turned their attention to the subject, from being
heard. I have been instructed by the gentleman's
speech, and in a great deal I concur with him,
and think it more than probable that I shall vote
with him against the printing of large editions.
Important legislation has been crammed down our
throats during the whole of this session by the
mover of a measure calling the previous question, i
It is an abnegation really of all the rights and i
duties of the House of Representatives. 1 do not
refer especially to this case, but to the practice
generally.
The SPEAKER, (Mr. Stuart occupying the
chair.) The Chair will state that he does not
recognize the objection made by the gentleman
from Mississippi [Mr. Brown] as presenting any
obstacle to the reception of the amendment of the
gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Stanton,] if the
gentleman from Indiana is willing to yield the floor
to enable it to be offered.
Mr. BROWN. Do I understand the Chair to
decide that a gentleman occupying the floor can
yield it to another to offer an amendment?
Mr. GORMAN. 1 do not yield the floor to the
gentleman from Kentucky to offer that amend-
ment. I am not for the amendment.
Mr. STANTON. You have not heard it read
yet. i
Mr. GORMAN. Well, I am not in favor of it,
if 1 at all understand what it is. ,
Mr. STANTON. I have not explained what
it is yet.
Mr. BROWN. I wish to have this question
settled with regard to the amendment. The
Speaker of the House has ruled 
Mr. MEADE. There is no such question pend-
ing.
Mr. BROWN. Yes, there is.
Mr. MEADE. The gentleman from Indiana-
declines to yield the floor for the amendment to be
offered.
Mr. BROWN. Then I have no question of
order to raise.
Mr. GORMAN. I am going to conclude my
remarks by merely referring to a single fact. You
see that up to the very moment I entered this Hall,
gentlemen are offering' new bids. My colleague ,
on the committee [Mr. Stanton] has got hold of
a bid, the Lord knows when or where, but cer-
l tainly since he and I met last, which was a very
1 short time ago. I have no doubt that the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Haven] has had other
bids put into his hands. Why, at this rate, you
may go on ad infinitum, until publishers will pro-
pose to give you a bonus for permission to publish
these returns.
Mr. HAVEN. I beg leave to say to the chair-
man of the committee, that I have received no
such propositions at all.
I Mr. GORMAN. Well, sir, it was only a hy-
| pothesis. I did not state it as a fact. I know that
|i my friend agreed with me in the committee, and I
[ believe we were unanimous, until these bids accu-
j mulated in this way. I want the House to un-
! derstand that propositions had been advertised for,
and that the printers in making these propositions
] put their prices as low as they could do the work
for. Lippincott & Co., thought, when first they
bid, that their prices were about $5,000 under
those of the public printer. But when the calcu-
lations came out, they found that they were a little
over his prices—the difference between $19,100
, and $22,000. Well, as soon as they found out that
their bid was higher than the prices of the public
printer, they instantly made another bid, $400 less
than the prices paid to the public printer. Why
did they not make that proposition at the start ?
Because they want to deprive the public printer of
the job, and to get permission to do it themselves,
' and their only object is, to bid under the prices of
the public printer. Let me tell gentlemen from the
West who do not understand these mattters, that
to my certain knowledge Lippincott & Co., of
Philadelphia, will publish this book for nothing,
rather than not get the job. They want to get it
for the purpose of making sale of the book in
Europe. They are large publishers, and they
want to have the right to publish the book, that
they may sell it in Europe. Nobody else could
publish it without a very large subscription list;
and therefore they would have a monopoly of the
sale in Europe.
Mr. GOODENOW. Well, and what objection
is there to that?
Mr. GORMAN. Why, when we have a public
printer who proposes to do this work for fair
prices, I object to its being given to the monopo-
lists and capitalists of the country, to enable them
to ride over the ordinary men of the country, and
j, the mechanics of Washington city. They have
| in Philadelphia what is called the apprentice sys-
tem of compensation. A communication has been
handed to me by a gentleman who has been in
the city of Washington, engaged on the public
printing of this country for the last fifteen or twenty
years, and he assures me that in Philadelphia they
do, or have been doing, work on what is called
the apprentice system, at about two thirds of the
cost that it can be done for here. The pay for
labor in Philadelphia is one third less than it is
here. Now, will you take this, the legitimate bus-
iness of the mechanics here, at the capital of the
nation, whom you have invited here, and go abroad
and give to others when you have established a
printing office here by law, and made a bureau of
it ? I tell you now, that if you give this job to Lip-
pincott & Co., at half the prices of the public print-
er, you will be cheated out of thousands of dollars
before you know it. If you give it to them, they
will spread out the number of pages unnecessa-
rily, whereas if it is done here, under the eye of
the Superintendent of Public Printing, it will be
put into a compact form.
I have here a statement, prepared by a gentle-
man—I may give his name—a practical printer.
He is before me now in this House. He is the Re-
porter sitting on that Chair—Mr. Curran. He
makes this statement with regard to the apprentice
system in Philadelphia, as it is called, and is will-
ing to vouch for it.
Mr. FLORENCE. Will the gentleman allow
me to interrupt him for a moment?
Mr. GORMAN. I cannot yield to the gentle-
man.
The following is the scale of prices paid in the
two cities for composition:
In Philadelphia, for plain matter, one thousand
ems, twenty-nine cents; brevier rule and figure
work, fifty cents.
In Washington, for plain matter, one thousand
ems, forty cents; brevier rule and figure work,
eighty cents.
[Here a message was received from the Senate
of the" United States, by the hands of Asbury
Dickins, Esq., its Secretary, announcing that the
Senate have passed bills of the following titles:
An act granting to the Niagara Palls and Lake
Ontario Railroad Company, the right of way
through or along the river side of the military res-
ervation at Fort Niagara, in the State of New York;
An act for the relief of C. L. Swayze, in relation
to the location of certain Choctaw scrip;
An act to extend the warehousing system, by
establishing private bonded warehouses, and for
other purposes; and
An act authorizing the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to issue a register to the American steamship
Albatross.]
Mr. BROOKS. With the permission of the
gentleman from Indiana, I should like to have that
bill with reference to bonded warehouses referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. GORMAN. I cannot yield for that pur-
pose now. I have said that the prices in Phila-
delphia, for composition, are, for plain work,
twenty-nine cents for one thousand ems, and fifty-
eight cents for one thousand ems of brevier rule
and figure work. In Washington, the prices
i are, for plain matter, forty cents, and for brevier
rule and figure work, eighty cents—or nearly
double the prices paid in Philadelphia. In Phila-
delphia, the wages per week are ten dollars; here,
twelve dollars. The communication referred to is
: as follows:
Sir : Permit me, as a practical printer, to address yon
upon the subject of the census printing, and the printing of
Congress generally. The prices established by the existing
law, and those proposed by the joint resolution, are too low.
They are, for small pica, sixty-two and a half cents per
1 thousand ems; for brevier rule and figure work, seventy
cents per thousand ems. To establish this position I will
present to you the following facts:
[ The wages of the journeyman printer at Washington^as
established by the Columbia Typographical Society, are:
| For composition, brevier plain, forty cents per thousand
i ems; for brevier rule and figure, the kind of work on the
! census, eighty cents per thousand ems.
It will be seen by the above statement, that the journey-
i man's wages upon the bievier rule and figure work—the
| same as the census—are higher, by fourteen per cent., than
i the prices proposed to be paid to the public printer. This
j kind of work is difficult and expensive. The rule used costs
1 ten cents per foot, and each page quarto will take some
twenty feet. When you come to add for the wages of fore-
man, proof-readers, maker-up, lights, wear and tear of ma-
terial, and other and numerous small expenses incident, it
would carry the cost up to ninety cents per thousand ems,
for which it is proposed to allow the public printer but sev-
enty cents.
Is it right and proper that Congress should, after passing
