520
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 5,
a law fixing the prices, and inducing the public printer in
virtue of his election under that law to invest i$o0,00U in
an establishment capable of executing the printing eleg.mtly
and promptlv, divert any portion of that printing from him
for execution in other cities ' Is it right, even should offers
be made to print at prices less than those fixed by the act
of Congress? In the opinion of all reasonable men, it
seem;1 to nit', such proceeding would be a violation of tbe
plighted faith of Congress. Hut the prices at which liip
pincott &. Grambo, I understand, propose to do the census
printing are greater than those fixed by the law of Con-
gress, notwithstanding those publishers (not printers) have
an advantage of twenty per cent, in the wages they pay to
journeymen, if regular hands, when working by the week,
or thirty-eight per cent, when working by the piece or per
thousand ems. In some of the offices 111 Philadelphia (not
unlikely some of the bidders for the census printing from
that city) they have to some extent another class of em-
ployees to which they do not pay the full prices according
to the society or standard rates there ; or in other words,
they pay for composition two thirds only of the established
regular rates. IfLippincott & Co. intend to have the work
executed under that system, against which the regular com-
positors there have been contending for years, it will give
them an additional advantage of thirty-three and one third
per cent, over the public printer at Washington.
The following is a scale of the prices paid in the two
cities for composition:
In Philadelphia, for brevier plain, per thousand ems,
twenty-nine cents; for brevier rule and figure, per thousand
cms, fifty-eight cents.
In Washington, for brevier plain, per thousand ems, forty
cents; for brevier rule and figure, per thousand ems, eighty
cents.
In Philadelphia, wages per week, $10.
In Washington, wages per week, $12.
The above would be the regular wages in the two cities
for the census printing.
Should the census printing be executed in Philadelphia
upon the weekly sy.-tem of wages, they would even then
have an advantage over the public printer, if regular hands
be employed, of twenty per cent.; and if irregular hands at
two thirds wages, an additional thirty-three and one third
per cent., or together fitly three per cent. The difference
between the wages in those two cities would alone afford
the Philadelphia publisher a handsome profit.
The issue here presented is this : Will Congress, after
inducing the public printer to invest more than $50,000 in
building up an establishment capable ofexecutingthe print-
ing witli neatness and dispatch, for the purpose of saving
a paltry sum of money, divert from him for execution in other
cities, under a (problematical) cheap system, the largest
job connected with the public printing? Will an Ameri-
can Congress do this, and thereby give encouragement to
a system in Philadelphia by which the workingman is op-
pressed? WiJl they violate their plighted faith, andhuckster
out their work to what are called cheap publishers in other
cities, when they must know that reckless, irresponsi-
ble, and unprincipled men, as a general rule, are the most
likely to do the lowest bidding? The man who will under-
take to do work at less tftan cost always expects to save
himself by fraud upon the Government oroppression of the
laberer. One or other of the alternatives he is bound to
resort to to save himself. This cheap system has always
proved the dearest to Congress. Will Congress so act as
to deprive the workingmen in Washington of employment,
because they demand twenty per cent, more wages per week
than is paid to regular hands in Philadelphia ?
Do Congress hold that the journeyman printer, who labors
ten hours per day and gets but two dollars therefor, is re-
ceiving too much wages, when they pay their clerks and ;
messengers in the Executive and Legislative Departments
(where, in many instances, less talent is required) from
three to six dollars per day for working six hours only?
Certainly, that cannot be the opinion of the present Con-
gress. The journeyman printer in Washington cannot buy
as much of the necessaries of life for twelve dollars per
week as the regular printer in Philadelphia can for his ten
dollars. Hence the necessity ofhigher wages here than in
Philadelphia. Congress, at the last session, from their
knowledge of the high price of living in this city, increased
the pay of their well-fed and well-clotlied clerks i n the De-
partments from ten to twenty per cent. Is the journeyman
printer in their employ, because he is practically a work-
ing man and labors ten hours per day, less worthy of the
consideration of Congress ? If the work be taken from this
city, and they be thus deprived of employment, such will
appear before the country to be the opinion of Congress. If
the work be done in Philadelphia, instead of Washington,
it would be practically because the workingman's wages in
the former city are less than in the latter. If this be a good
reason for having this particular job executed in Philadel-
phia, it would be equally a cogent one for having the whole
of tbe Congress printing done there. I say again, is Con-
gress prepared to declare that two dollars per day is too
much wages for the working man in Washington? Is it
prepared to indorse the cheap system of wages in Philadel-
phia as the best ? This is the practical question at issue.
An investment of $8,000 in material and machinery
would be sufficient to execute this particular job in Phila-
delphia, whereas the Congress printer is compelled to make
an investment of ($50,000 to be in readiness to execute
promptly whatever work may from time to time be ordered.
The probable ordering of such jobs at good prices is the in-
ducement held out to the public printer to make this large
investment. The Congress printing in the aggregate can- ' >
not be executed as cheaply as private work, although a
particular job may be. The public printer is necessarily
compelled, besides the large investmentin material, to have
a foreman, proof-readers, pressman, engineers, and others,
employed as regular hands, receiving weekly wages ranging
from $2 50 to #3 per day—work or no work—and it is not
unfrequently the case that there is no work for thein. !
There is a large portion of the year that the public printer ■ I
has not only his capital lying idle, but is compelled to con- 1;
tinue paying the regular hands in his employment, although
they have nothing to do.
If Congress were to act justly and wisely, they would pay
the public printer such prices as would enable him to have
constantly at command the most experienced printers, and
induce linn to make a greater investment still, with the
view to the most prompt execution of the work. The prices
under the law are not sufficiently remunerative to justify
his present investment, much less make a greater one. To
execute the Congress work with proper and an economical
dispatch, having reference to the business of Congress,
would require an investment of §80,000.
Now, be it remembered that you have elected a
public printer, who has established an office, and
that that office and the new materials which he has
purchased, have cost him between fifty and sixty
thousand dollars. He has prepared an office
equal to any in this Union, and under these cir-
cumstances, it would be exceedingly unjust and
unreasonable, for a consideration of a few hundreds
or even a few thousands of dollars, to take this
work out of his hands and give it to publishers
elsewhere. It would be unjust to the mechanics
of this city. It would do no good to the me-
chanics of New York and Philadelphia. It would
be no advantage to them. It would be a very
great advantage to the mechanics of Washington
city. But as I remarked before, these publishers
will, in all probability, undertake to do the work
for almost anything, for the sake of having con-
trol of this book and selling it in Europe. That
is what has been told me by the persons them-
selves.
Mr. TOOMBS. I should like the gentleman to
explain what injury that will be to us.
Mr. GORMAN. I do not mean to say that they
have made a formal proposition to do that. I am
supposing, from the manner in which they are
going on, that they will ultimately propose to do
the work for nothing.
Mr. TOOMBS. And is not that very desirable?
Mr. GORMAN. Why, if they were to do that
they might, upon the same principle, have con-
trol of all the public documents and never give the
plates unless we pay them their prices. I know
of one instance, in which they have got plates of
this Government which they refuse, on applica-
tion, to give up unless we pay their prices; and as
the work is stereotyped, we shall be compelled to
pay their prices for the plates.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I am well aware to speak
longer on this resolution would hurt it instead of
helping it. I intend, at the proper time, whenever
I can get the floor this day, to call the previous
question, and I hope that those gentlemen who de-
sire to have the returns of the census printed,
will remain here and dispose of the question.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi. I have looked
somewhat into this subject, and, with the indul-
gence of the House, I desire to make a few re-
marks with regard to it. This bill, sir, makes
provisions that I think are wholly unnecessary,
and are calculated to confuse our minds, not only
as to the manner in which this work can be done,
but as to what we are to pay for it.
Now, sir, the Superintendent of the Census Bu-
reau has had prepared a specimen copy of this
work, showing the style in which he proposed to
have it executed. This volume has been before the
Committee on Public Printing, and I understand
they have examined it and are satisfied with it.
Lippincott, Grambo & Co., of Philadelphia, taking
this volume which I now exhibit as a specimen,
propose to print ten thousand copies of the com-
plete returns of the census, in two volumes, of the
same size, containing one thousand pages each,
for $49,500, and bind them. Seeing this fact com-
municated to the House of Representatives by the
Secretary of the Interior, I called upon the Super-
intendent of the Public Printing, an officer of the
Government, handed him an official letter from the
Census Bureau, supplied him with this volume,
and asked him to make a calculation as to what
would be the cost of the work under the contract
with the public printer. I ascertained from him
—if his calculations were correct, and I am satis-
fied myself they were—that the cost of the work
under our present contract with Armstrong, would
be less than under the proposition made by Lip-
pincott, Grambo & Co.
I am therefore perfectly willing that the public
printer shall take this job under tne contract now
existing—perfectly willing. But I am not willing
to vote for this bill with all the talk about brevier
and minion, and all the technicalities of printers,
which I do not understand. I am willing to vote
for such an amendment as that which I now send
to the Clerk's desk and ask to have read:
To strike out all after the word " provided." in the four-
teenth line, to the end of section two, and insert the fol-
lowing:
" That tile work shall be done in the style of a specimen
volume supplied to the Committee on Public Printing, and
to be embraced in two volumes, one thousand pages each ;
and that the cost of printing shall not exceed the prices now
paid the public printer, Robert Arin«trong, lor like printing.
The paper shall be purchased as paper foi Hie public printing
is now purchased, and that the binding shall be clone m the
style of the Congressional Globe and Appendix for 1852,
at a cost not to excced fitty cents per volume.
Mr. GORMAN. I doubt whether the binding
can be done for fifty cents per volume.
Mr. BROWN. I know it can be done for that
price.
[A message was here received from the Senate,
by the hands of Asbury Dickins, Esq., its Sec-
retary, informing the House that they had passed
bills of the following titles, viz:
An act granting the risht of way and making
a grant of the public lands to the States of Ar-
kansas and Missouri, to aid in the construction of
a railroad from a point on the Mississippi, oppo-
site the mouth of the Ohio river, via Little Rock,
to theTexas boundary, near Fulton, in Arkansas,
■ with branches to Fort Smith, on the Mississippi
| river; and
An act granting the right of way to the St. Louis
( and Iron Mountain Railroad Company.]
J Mr. McMULLIN. Will the gentleman from
Mississippi [Mr. Brown] state to the House the
difference between the prices proposed to be paid
; to the public printer under the law and those pro-
posed in the proposition submitted by Lippincott,
Grambo & Co., in Philadelphia? I understood
the gentleman to say it would cost less under the
prices fixed by law, than this Philadelphia com-
pany propose to it for.
Mr. BROWN. I will answer the gentleman
from Virginia. The communication made to the
House by the Secretary of the Interior for Lippin-
cott, Grambo & Co., says that they proposed to
print ten thousand copies of this report, and to bind
them in Russia, for $49,500. But I am informed
by the Superintendent of the Census, that so far
as the binding is concerned, the Secretary was
mistaken, that Lippincott, Grambo & Co., pro-
posed to furnish them in muslin, which is a much
cheaper style of binding. The cost of printing ten
thousand copies of the work, or twenty thousand
volumes of one thousand pages each, in the style of
this specimen number, and binding them in Russia
backs and corners, in the style of the Congressional
Globe and Appendix for 1852, would be some
j §52,300. I had the precise calculation furnished
I me by the Government officials, but the gentleman
from Tennessee, [Mr. Churchwell,] whom I do
! not now see in his seat, has it. According to that
calculation,^Spf-whole work would not cost more
than $53,000, if done in the style I have named,
and at the present contract prices. The bid of
Lippincott, Gambo & Co. amounts to more, if we
calculate the difference in binding alone. But at
this point I must remind gentlemen that under the
contract we shall get in addition to the ten thou-
sand extra copies, the regular number, one thou-
sand five hundred and twenty, making a total of
eleven thousand five hundred and twenty copies.
The differencebetween Lippincott, Gambo & Co. 's
bid, as communicated by the Secretary, and the
1 sum to be paid the contractor, Armstrong, maybe
J stated thus: Lippincott, Gambo & Co., propose
, to print ten thousand copies, and bind them in
muslin for $49,500. The contractor and others
I will print and bind eleven thousand five hundred
j and twenty in Russia for a sum not exceeding
! $53,000.
I have shown the House on what data I base
this statement. Presently I will submit an offi-
| cial statement. It is my object to do justice, and
; prevent deception on all hands, and it is for this
reason I propose to have the work done in the
I style of the specimen which I have before nie,
1 and which I have shown to the House. It'has
been before the Committee on Printing, and they
have found no fault with it. I have also provided
in my amendment that the cost of the work shall
i not exceed the prices now paid to the public
| printer for like work. I have made no calcula-
1 tions by brevier, and nonpareil, or anything of
j that sort, because, not being a printer myself, I
could not understand, and much less make such
i a calculation. But 1 can and do understand, when
! I see an existing printed volume, bound and ready
i( for delivery, what I am to get, and how much I
