1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
521
am to pay for it, when I agree to take twenty
thousand volumes just like the one before me, and
pay $53,000 for them—and that is just what my
amendment makes plain to the House. As to
the other details, I propose that the paper shall
be furnished as it is now, by Government con-
tract, so that there shall be no cheating about it.
A Member. How do you know that the bind-
ing can be done for fifty cents a volume?
'Mr. BROWN. I am informed by those who
know. Mr. Rives, who publishes the Congres-
sional Globe, savs this binding can be done for
fifty cents a volume, and not for less. That is on
a contract for binding twenty thousand volumes
or more.  
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I desire to know
of the gentleman if the Superintendent of the Pub-
he Printing has given him any assurance that if
this work is printed in the style of this specimen
number, it can all be contained in two volumes,
or whether it will not require four or five?
Mr. BROWN. I will answer the gentleman.
This volume was executed by order of the Census
Commissioner, as a specimen of the work he pro-
posed to publish, and he states that it can be pub-
lished in two volumes of a thousand pages each,
of the size of this specimen copy. Of course, the
Superintendent of the Public Printing, not having
seen the manuscript, cannot tell how large or how
numerous the volumes may be. My information
on this point is from the Census Bureau.
Mr. STEPHENS. Well, sir, has the Super-
intendent of the Census ever informed the gentle-
man, antfr will he inform the House, that this
whole census report can be contained in two vol-
umes of the size of this specimen, (holding up a
volume,) and printed in the same style?
Mr. BROWN. That is in smaller type than
it is proposed to print it, and 
Mr. STEPHENS. I make these inquiries,
because the gentleman's amendment is a very im-
portant one, if adopted. All his calculations are
made up at so much a volume, and if the work
extends beyond two volumes, it will multiply the
prices in the same ratio.
Mr. BROWN. I will state again, that I ad-
dressed my inquiry to the Commissioner of the
Census directly upon this point, and he assures
me that all the matter which he deems desirable
to be printed, and all he has recommended to be
'printed, can be put into two volumes of thesizeof
this I hold in my hand, the printingdone in the style
in which this is executed, and I base my calcula-
tions of the cost of the work upon this statement
of facts, taken in connection with the Superintend-
ent's official calculation. All that I have said is
based on the understanding that the whole work
i« to be compressed into two volumes of the size
of the one in my hands.
Mr. STEPHENS. I want the House to under-
stand this point. The Superintendent of the Pub-
lic Printing has made an estimate, which the gen-
tleman has presented here and which is correct.
But that calculation is based upon what will be
the cost a volume of the size of this specimen fur-
nished by the Superintendent of the Census, of a
thousand pages. Now, if you order the printing
to be done in this style, and the work extends
to more than two volumes, the cost will be in-
creased in the same ratio. I do not yet understand,
and I do not think it is so, that the Superintend-
ent of the Census will state, that if the work is to
be executed in the style of this volume, it can be
condensed into two volumes of one thousand pages
Mr. BROWN. I so understood him. In an-
swer to a direct inquiry upon that point, he as-
sured me that the work, as he proposed to publish
it, could be compressed within two volumes of
this size.
Mr. STEPHENS. Was it not to be done in a
different style? .
Mr. BROWN. No. It was to be done in this
style, for it was to this volume that I directed his
attention—the volume was before him—and he
stated to me distinctly, that his calculations were
based upon the work being done in this style. So
far as the danger of the work running to three,
or four, or five volumes is concerned, I reply, if
it can be done at the contract prices for a less rate
per volume than Lippincott, Grambo & Co. pro-
pose to do it, the advantage would only increase
to the Government. There will be as many vol-
umes if Lippincott & Co. print it as if Arm-
strong or any one else does it. The bulk will de-
pend upon the matter ordered to be printed. If
Armstrong, at the contract prices, does the work
in two volumes for $2,000' less than Lippincott
& Co. propose, and you extend it to four volumes,
the difference will be $4,000 in our favor; that is
all.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I desire to know of the
gentleman from Mississippi—for if it has been
stated I did not hear it—if it be proposed to furnish
in the work such matter as was furnished in the
specimen number relative to Maryland? I exam-
ined that specimen number, which I suppose was
gotten up with a good deal of care, as the object
was to make a favorable impression upon Con-
gress—and it is so full of gross errors, that a man
who relied upon it would not know so much about
the subjects of which it treats as a well-informed
man would be who had never read it at all. There
are some parts of this work which, if sent to the
world, would be calculated to deceive everybody
who is not already in possession of the facts, which
are exactly to the contrary. I wish, therefore, to
know of my friend from Mississippi [Mr. Brown]
whether it is contemplated to include in these re-
turns such information as the medical statistics,
and some other things contained in this volume?
Mr. BROWN. I will read a letter which 1 have
received from the Superintendent of the Census,
and the gentleman can judge for himself:
Census Office, January 10, 1853.
Sir: In reply to your inquiries respecting the amount of
matter contained in the returns ofthe Seventh Census, pro-
vided the work shall be prepared on the plan which has been
submitted to Congress, and which is deemed the most de
sirable manner of presenting the same, I may state that, in
mv opinion, it will be safe to say that the entire wort may
be presented in two volumes, of the size of the specimen
volume tu possession ofthe House Committee on Printing ;
that is, in two conveniently-sized folio volumes of about
one thousand pages each. The thickness of the volumes
will, of course, be atfeeted by the character of the paper to
be used. As I have no copy of the contract with the print-
ers to Congress, it is impossible for me to state approxi-
mately what will be the cost of the work at " contract
prices." It is believed that about one half of the publica-
tion will consist of tabular work.
I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obe-
dient servant, JOS. C. G. KENNEDY.
Hon. Albert G. Brown, M. C., Ho. of Reps.
Mr. CLINGMAN. My objection is to print-
ing and sending out to the world such statistics as
I have alluded to. I do not think Congress ought
deliberately to deceive the community by publish-
ing such matter. I would not vote to print it at
any price.
Mr. .STEPHENS. I think this bill excludes
everything except what was ordered by law.
Mr. CLINGMAN. That is the very point I
want information upon.
Mr. GORMAN. If the gentleman will look at
the act approved May 23, 1850, to provide for
taking the Seventh Census, he will see that it
does not provide for these statistics.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I have not that act before
Mr. GORMAN. They are before the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Haven.] He has a
list of the statistics which it is proposed to pub-
lish, and the gentleman can examine them. We
propose to publish nothing more.
Mr. CLINGMAN. But some of the ques-
tions are calculated to deceive persons who did not
understand them. I suggested an additional
column of questions, but they were stricken out,
and a class of results are stated there in such a
manner as to deceive those who did not know how
these questions wera embraced; and unless some
care is exercised, it will look as though we had
the result ascertained under questions which were
never put. The result is a matter of conjecture,
which I might explain to the House in a little
time. There are gross errors in the tables, which
the House would see when they cojne to under-
stand how the facts were arrived at.
Mr GORMAN. I will answer the gentleman
from North Carolina—and I want him to under-
stand the answer which I give—and it will satisfy
the House that they ought to publish it. If by
looking over the statistics he can detect an error,
it furnishes him the same data as if they told the
'"Mr CLINGMAN. My friend misunderstands
me. In looking over the statistics no human be-
ing could detect the errors. The way I come to
know it was, that, knowing the fact that those
| particular columns of figures had been stricken (
out by a vote of the Senate, 1 went to Mr. Ken-
nedy, and asked him how he made up those state-
ments. He told me how he got them, and it
would amuse any man in the House to know how
they obtained the facts.
Mr. GORMAN. I will state to the House
that no doubt there are many inaccuracies in the
commercial, agricultmral, and mechanical statistics
of the country. So there is in relation to the pop-
ulation ; but on examination we were unanimously
of opinion, as far as the committee on the part of
the House is concerned, that they would furnish
as close an approximation to the facts as a census
can be expected to furnish.
Mr. BROWN. On receiving from the Super-
intendent of the Census the letter which 1 had
read at the Clerk's desk, I sent it to the Superin-
tendent of Public Printing, and with it that spe-
cimen volume, and asked him for his official cal-
culation as to what would be the cost of printing,
furnishing the paper, and putting up the volume
in the style of the specimen. The result is such
as I have stated to the House, that the whole
cost would be some $53,000—not, as I have stated
before, for ten thousand copies, but for the reg-
ular number of documents ordered to be printed
by the House, one thousand five hundred and
twenty, and ten thousand extra copies, in all
eleven thousand five hundred and twenty copies—
the binding being done in the style ofthe Congres-
sional Globe and Appendix. The calculation is
based upon the hypothesis that the binding could
be done at tya expense of fifty cents per volume,
at which, I am assured from proper quarters, it
can be done.
It is upon that calculation that I have based the
amendment I propose to offer to this bill; and as
I have interlined a few words, I will read it again:
" That the work shall be done in the style of a specimen
volume supplied to the Coirunittee on Public Printing, and
to be embraced in two volumes of one thousand pages each.
The cost of printing shall not exceed the prices now paid
the public printer. Robert Armstrong, for like printing. 1 he
paper shall be purchased as paper for the public priming is
I now purchased, and that the binding shall be done in the
'[\ style ofthe Congressional Globe and Appendix for 1853,
[ and at a cost not to exceed fifty cents per volume."
If that amendment is adopted and added to the
first part of the bill of the committee, I shall be
well satisfied, because I then shall know exactly
what I am voting for; I shall know precisely what
kind of volumes I will get, how many we are to
get, the quantity of matter to be contained in them,
and the precise amount we are to pay for them.
With all this knowledge before me, I shall be sat-
isfied. And I am quite as willing that General
Armstrong shall have the work as that it should
be given to anybody else.
In this matter I am working for what 1 believe
to be the public good, and not against any indi-
vidual. I should in this case prefer to pay a little
more, if it were required, as it is not. and know
how much I am paying, than to pay a little less
and leave it open to future calculation and possible
difficulties. I want certainty as far as it may be
had, even at a little more cost.
[Here a message was received from the Senate,
'by the hands of Asbcry Dickins, its Secretary,
informing the House that the Senate had passed a
bill reorganizing the Navy of the United States, in
which he was directed to ask the concurrence of
the House.] . ,
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. 1 do not wish
to interrupt the remarks of the gentleman from
Mississippi, but I desire that the bill just receivfd
from the Senate should be referred to the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs, and I ask that it may be
done. _ - . *
Mr. CABLE, of Ohio. I object.
The SPEAKER. As objection is made, it can-
not be referred.
Mr FREEMAN. I wish to ask my colleague
a question. I see it stated in the last paragraph
of Mr. Kennedy's letter, that one half of the pub-
lication will consist of tabular work. *
want to know is, if the one volume of tabular
work proposed to be printed by the Superintend-
ent of the Census, is stripped of everything but
tabular work ?
Mr. BROWN. That is it, I suppose.
Mr. FREEMAN. When it is stripped of its
historical character, and nothing but tabular work
remains, will it form a volume of the specimen
size' •  
Mr. BROWN. I understand the historical part
