522
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 5,
forms a volume of this size, and the tabular part
another volume of the same size.
Mr. FREEMAN. Then I understand that my
colleague is in favor of printing both ?
Mr. BROWN. I am in favor of printing such
matter as the Superintendent of the Census, who
has charge of this subject, reports to us, and says
is absolutely necessary to be printed. He has a
vast amount of matter, such as is contained in this
Maryland book, which he does not ask Congress
* . .3 l..^L ' — in iViAt \irn
j With these remarks I yield the floor.
Mr. HAVEN obtained the floor, but yielded to
Mr. MEADE, who said : 1 do not understand
distinctly now, whether, it two volumes be print-
ed, the historical part of the census will be included
or not?
Mr. BROWN. From the letter which I have
received from the Superintendent of the Census, I
suppose that it will. . ,
Mr. MEADE. Then the tabular statistics will
1 understand that to
to print, and which is not to be included in the two l i only embrace one volume.
Ihavein my hand a letter from John T. Towers, ! ''X BROWN I do notknow. £ow
marked, apon the letter of Mr. Kennedy, which
has already been read. 1 send that letter to the
table, and ask that it may be read. The House
will observe that his calculations are for the cost
of ten thousand, twenty thousand, and thirty thou-
sand copies, each calculation, however, preceded
by the regular number of documents, one thousand
five hundred and twenty. i
The letter was read as follows: I
Office Superintendent Public Printino, ) ,
January 14, 1853 y
Sir: In reply to your note of yesterday, asking^an esti-
mate of the cost of printing of the returns of the Seventh
Census, under the contract with Robert Armstrong, the
public printer, supposing the work to be of the size indi-
cated in Mr. Kennedy'sletter, I suomitthe following,being ,
an estimate for two volumes of one thousand pages each,
one half to be of tabular work, to wit:
For the ujudi number of 1,520 copies* •
For composition of 1,000 pages small pica pjain, of 3,570
eps each at 62^ cents per 1,000 ems, or P"
page   — \ u«
For composinon of 1,000 pages brevier rule and
figure, of 7,839 ems each, at 70 cents per 1,000
ems, or $5 4S per page  5.480 00
Composition of 2,000 pages rw
For paper for the same  VJJ
For press work for the same  1,0^1 «su
Total cost for printing and paper of 1,520 copies.$12,468 20
If 10,000 extra copiei are ordered (the cost of composi-
tion being charged on the regular number above) the ex-
ronr8epaper.be.a!  *21,280 00
For press-work ®l0'on-S an
Deduct two per cent ....JUtc g  g qq
Total cost 10,000 extra .$31,217 20
Or, if 20,000 extra copies are ordered, the cost will be as
follows:
signed to be published would make two volumes
of one thousand pages each, unless Congress shall
think proper to order more matter to be printed,
which they have the power to do, but which I
think they ought not to do. My amendment lim-
from North Carolina [Mr. Venable] had better
be adopted, that the Government shall furnish the
paper. The paper of that specimen number is
the kind provided for by this bill. We get the
paper by contract with the lowest bidder. We
have a contract to be furnished with the kind of
paper on which these statistics and other matters
that the House may desire are to be printed, for
a specified price. The paper for this job will be
furnished by the Government, no matter who the
printer is to be; so that there is nothing left to
construction. What is to be paid for is the com-
position and press-work.
If you adopt the mode proposed by the com-
mittee, to embrace this statistical information
within one volume, and order the printing of the
regular number—that is, one thousand five hun-
| dred and twenty—on our own paper, by the pub-
| lie printer, they will cost you $7,859 10. If you
print the usual number, and ten thousand copies
its the publication to two volumes of one thousand 11 additional, the cost will be, for paper and all,
■ $23,467 70. If you print the usual number and
twenty thousand additional copies, the paper and
For paper.
For press-work ^1*014 00
Deduct five per cent  *>u14 "u
.$42,560 00
19,266 00
Total cost $61,826 00
Or, if 30,000 extra copies are ordered, the cost will be as
follow*:
For paper..
For press-work nn
Deduct/orty per cent  U,lb8 uu
. $63,840 00
18,252 00
Total cost $82,092 00
And in the same proportion for any greater number.
Recapitulation.
For paper and printing ot regular number, consisting of
J ,520 copies $12,468 20
Fornaper and printing of regular number and 10,000 extra
copies   #43,6«> 00
For paper and printing of regular number and 20,000 extra
copies   20
For paper and printing of regular number and 30,000 extra
copies   20
I have returned the volume, alluded to in your letter, to
the Doorkeeper of the House, from whom it was obtained.
Very respectfully, sir, your obedient servant.
JNO. T. TOWERS,
Superintendent Public Printing.
Mr. BROWN. Now it is because we can have,
as we are assured by Mr. Towers, the Superin-
tendent of Public Printing—eleven thousand five
hundred and twenty volumes, of this size, for
$43,686 that I proposed the amednment which I
offered. If my amendment is adopted, that will
be the cost of the work without the binding; then,
if gentlemen will add to that amount fifty cents
per volume for binding in Russia, they will have
the entire cost of the eleven thousand five hundred
and twenty volumes, a sum bui little exceeding
453,000. The proposition of Lippineott, Grambo
& Co., is to print and bind in muslin ten thou-
sand volumes for $49,500—the difference as we
all see, being in favor of the contract with Arm-
strong.
pages each
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I will again
ask the unanimous consent of the House for the
reference of the bill to reorganize the Navy, just
received from the Senate, as the objection made by
the gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Toombs] has
been withdrawn. It is an important measure.
Mr. G1DDINGS. I object.
Mr. HAVEN. I do not desire to say a single
word in reference to this subject of printing, un-
less the House will hear me. I shall occupy but j
few minutes. I hope that the House will not find j
it correspondent with their judgment to adopt the
amendment offered by the gentleman from Missis-
sippi, [Mr. Brown.] That amendment proposes
that the work shall be printed in the style of the
specimen volume with regard to Maryland, so far
as the paper is concerned. I would be happy to
see it so printed. It is well it should be so; but,
if you print it in that style, the two volumes indi-
cated in his amendment will not begin to contain
what is proposed to be published; for that volume
has got on one page three tables, and at the head
of each a long heading occupying some two or
three inches—the same heading at the top, at the
middle, and at the bottom of the page. All that
can be stricken out; and under the resolution I re-
ported from the committee, by that means, in the
publication, what is five pages in that specimen
volume will be embraced in one page and a half or
two pages. The volumes are better read and more
I compact. If you undertake to give this work to
I the public printer, or anybody else, to execute in
the style of that specimen volume, it cannot be
' confined to two or to four volumes.
! The first thing the House should determine with
j reference to this matter is, what shall be printed; j
II for on that hinges the number we should print, j
' and the price at which it should be printed. The '
: specimen volume, which is in regard to the State
of Maryland, contains varieties of information and
statistics not called for by law. I would like very
well to see those statistics published, but the com-
mittee could come to no conclusion as to what they
1 would print besides what the law exacted, and they ■
f resolved to print only that, and nothing else. My
,i opinion is, that if this House undertakes to go
i beyond that, it will find itself at sea, and it never
, will reach port. When you do determine what j
you will print, we can ascertain substantially the
size of the work. Now, if you publish the in- J
formation the law required and nothing else, ac-
j cording to the best statements, that statistical I
information can be contained in one volume of one j
|| thousand pages if printed as directed by this |
r resolution, compact and not allowed to run loose,
; | according to the specimen of the gentleman from j
j Mississippi. Then, sir, if you adopt that rule, j
,, and can put it within one thousand pages, the cal-
I culation last read at the request of the gentleman
' from Mississippi is correct.
i Now, one word more, and I can give the House
no further information on the subject. Various
propositions have been introduced here to print
these statistics for less than the price proposed by
the report of the committee. In reference to them
I know nothing. 1 want to say about them this,
and nothing else: we tried last year, and often
theretofore, the system of giving the contract for
the public printing to the lowest bidder. It failed,
all will cost $38,772 10. If you propose to pub-
lish the historical part talked of, and which was
not provided to be taken by the census law, you
double those prices precisely.
Mr. BROWN. I do not precisely understand
what the gentleman means when he speaks of
" the historical part." If you design publishing
the minuliiz of statistics of the subdivisions of
towns and counties, &c., there would be required,
according to the Superintendent of the Census, a
greater number of volumes; but if you only want
the historical statistics with regard to counties and
States, the whole can be embraced within two vol-
umes of the size of the Maryland specimen copy.
That, certainly, is all any one can desire.
Mr. HAVEN. I believe that I can convey to
the gentleman's understanding what 1 mean by the
historical part. When I speak of the historical
part, I speak of the character of matter contained
in the Maryland specimen copy; a copy of which,
I presume, has been laid on the table of each mem-
ber. It is supposed, that if you print the histor-
ical part, that work will be continued in reference
to each State of the Union.
Mr. BROWN. I do not presume the proposi-
tion I have made embraces that matter at all.
Mr. HAVEN. Then the gentleman's calcula-
tion is too large; because the statistical part which -
the law required, and nothing else, so far as the
committee can learn from all sources they can
reach—the public printer, the Superintendent of the
Census, and the Superintendent of the Printing—
can be embraced within one thousand pages of
this rule and figure work.
Mr. BROWN. The gentleman does not under-
stand me. When I said the calculation was based
on the specimen volume, I did not mean to inti-
mate that these two volumes were to embrace all
the detailed statistics in reference to towns and
townships, but the statistics in reference to coun-
ties and States.
Mr. HAVEN. We have seen the work with
regard to Maryland, and it seems to be unsatis-
factory. The proposition now is, to let that part
go by the board and print what the law asked for,
and nothing else. If the House stop there, I think
we will know with a reasonable degree of correct-
ness how manv volumes will have to be printed,
and what the cost will be. I hope that the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Mississippi will not
j be adopted, for the reason I have stated. It makes
an India rubber proposition of the joint resolu-
tion, and will extend this printing to any extent.
It will cause the printing of four or six, instead of
two volumes.
Mr. BROWN. I would like to know how it
would do that, when it says the work shall be
embraced within two volumes of one thousand
pages each ? It cannot make the proposition an
India-rubber one.
Mr. HAVEN. That is an additional objection.
It would be like declaring that you should put
six quarts into a gallon measure. [Laughter.]
Mr. BROWN. No. I only propose to put
two quarts in a gallon measure. My amendment
limits the whole work to two volumes. The gen-
tleman proposes to put one quart in the measure,
that is, to limit the work to one volume. To this
I make no objection. It would be better, perhaps,
and I am notgoing to advisethe House togoback , — , i t
to it If however, the House shall return to that | to extend the limit to two, but I make no P01"'
, I think the limitation of the gentleman there. I wish only to remark that there will be
system,
