1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
523
no stretching; of the India-rubber, no excess in !
filling the measure, if we take my limit instead of
the gentleman's.
Mr. HAVEN'. It is a question as to the
amount of work. I can only say, from the best
information I and the rest of the committee can
pet, that this work, if printed according to the
Maryland specimen copy, with its three headings
of three inches each on every page, cannot be con-
fined to three volumes.
Mr. McMULLIN. Iam gratified at the dis-
cussion which has taken place this morning; but
I think before the House adopts the amendment
of the gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr. Brown,]
it ought to at least examine thoroughly the re-
port and resolution of the committee. You, Mr.
Speaker, as well as the members present, know
that the subject of the public printing has been in
constant agitation in Congress since the founda-
tion of the Government. Now, sir, the gentleman
from Mississippi, with his accustomed capacity
and vigilance, has addressed letters to gentlemen
to ascertain how this census printing could be ex-
ecuted, and he has informed the House that a -
publishing firm in Philadelphia has proposed to
execute it for §47,000.
Mr. BROWN. Forty-nine thousand five hun-
dred dollars. I got the statement from the Secre-
tary's report.
Mr. McMULLIN. The House was also in-
formed that the work could be done for less money
by the public printer than the Philadelphia firm.
I would then ask of the gentlemen from Pennsyl-
vania, whether they would not be willing to pay
to Robert Armstrong, the public printer, at least
as much, if not more, than a Philadelphia firm,
competing for a job of Government printing? All
are aware of the fact, that when a contractor for
the public printing under the contract system lost
money, the Halls of Congress were besieged at all
times with propositions to reimburse his losses.
Look back to the past history of the country. You
reimbursed Gales & Seaton when they were public
printers. Look at the time and money expended
on that occasion. Did not both parties, irrespec-
tive of party, reimburse Mr. Ritchie ? But there ,
were some few gentlemen who did not go for that
proposition. The Halls of Congress were besieged
upon that occasion,and wereimbursedMr. Ritchie,
as we ought to have done.
Let me tell the gentleman from Mississippi,
[Mr. Brown,] and others here, that let the print-
ing of the census job to whomsoever you may, I
under a contract system, and you will lose money I
by it. After the work is done, you will be called j
upon to reimburse the loss. You will be called
upon to reimburse Mr. Hamilton, and if he shall !
■how to Congress that he absolutely sustained a
loss, and faithfully discharged his duties, I will
vote to reimburse him. I should like to know
why my friend from Mississippi [Mr. Brown]
makes such a constant opposition to the former
and present editors of the Union.
Mr. BROWN. If the gentleman will allow me,
he could not have been in the House, for he has
replied to a speech which I have not made. I
hold no such intentions as those to which he has
replied. He entirely misunderstood my speech
if he listened to it, but I think he never heard it
at all. [Laughter.] I made no attack upon the
Union, or General Armstrong. I was for the
Union, made a speech for it, and yet the gentle-
man is lecturing me as if I was refusing to sup-
port it. [Laughter.]
Mr. McMULLIN. It struck me forcibly that
his object was to affect the interest of the editor
of the Union. I know the gentleman was here-
tofore violently opposed to the Union.
Mr. CARTTER. Is this discussion in order?
I believe we are in the House, and not in Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. McMULLIN. Will my friend state his
point of order ?
Mr. CARTTER. My point of order is, that
there is no point in the gentleman's speech [laugh-
ter] affecting the subject before the House.
Mr. McMULLIN. That is a question of
which I do not allow the member from Ohio [Mr.
Cartter] to be the judge. I desire that the pub-
lic printing shall be done by the public printer, and
under the supervision of the Superintendent of
Public Printing, to whom you now pay a large
salary. We are now about to try an experiment,
whether we will have the public printing done
upon better terms than it has been heretofore done,
and for one I shall certainly be governed in my
vote by the report of your committee. You
have a Committee on Public Printing. That com-
mittee has investigated laboriously this subject,
and for one I shall hesitate long before I give my
vote for the amendment of the gentleman from
Mississippi. 1 shall vote against his amendment,
and for the report of the committee.
Mr. GORMAN. I think the House is ready to
yote upon the subject.
Mr. STANLY. My friend from Indiana [Mr.
Gorman] has addressed the House upon the sub-
ject. 1 have not, and therefore I am entitled to the
floor.
Mr. GORMAN. I wish to call the previous
question.
Mr. STANLY. I rise to a point of order. It
is, that my friend from Indiana [Mr. Gorman] has
already addressed the House upon the subject. I
have not, and am entitled to the floor in preference
to himself.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the gen-
tleman from North Carolina [Mr. Stanly] would
be entitled to the floor, for the purpose of address-
ing the House, in preference to the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Gorman] for the same purpose.
The Chair does not think that the gentleman's right
avails against the right of the gentleman from In-
diana [Mr. Gorman] to call the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. In getting the
floor the gentleman from North Carolina might
want to make another motion. He might wish
to make a motion in reference to this matter. Of
course he is not entitled to the floor when another
gentleman is occupying it for another purpose.
Mr. GORMAN. I do not want to press the
demand for the previous question. If my friend
wants to address the House in regard to this mat-
ter, I will withdraw it.
Mr. STANLY. I wish to say a very few
words upon the subject before the House.
Mr. GORMAN. 1 will ask the gentleman to
call the previous question when he is through.
Mr. STANLY. I cannot make that promise.
It is a question which ought to be discussed.
Mr. GORMAN. I withdraw the demand for
the previous question.
Mr. STANLY. I should yield the floor to the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.. Gorman,] if he
was disposed to discuss the matter, because I
would rather hear him speak than speak myself,
and because he is upon the committee who have
had this subject under investigation. But I claim
the floor to prevent debate being closed when we
are discussing a subject of great importance to the
whole country upon its merits. I do not acknowl-
edgethelogic of the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. j
McMullin,] who is going to vote for the Union, j
as he calls it, a large amount of money, because 1
if he were not to do so, there would be a future
application for the reimbursement of losses, which
would be yielded to. I do not think it a proper
mode for the regulation of our conduct as legisla-
tors. What I rose principally to say in regard to
this matter was, that I have a statement in my
hand concerning the public printing, to which 1
wish to call the attention of the House and the
Committee on Printing. It is from Parrish, Dun-
ning & Mears, of Philadelphia.
Mr. GORMAN. I proposed to read it to the
House a while ago.
Mr. STANLY. I should like to know why it
is that they can print for $14,700 what the public
printer offers to do for $19,163; and for $27,700
what he I'ffers to do at $32,564, and so on.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. Will the gen-
tleman from North Carolna yield to me for the pur-
pose of an explanation ?
Mr. STANLY. I will give way to the gentle-
man for that purpose.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I have strug-
gled all the morning in a fruitless effort to obtain the
floor, for the purpose of making an explanation
in reference to the very statement which the gen-
tleman now holds in his hand. My colleague of
the committee, [Mr. Gorman,] in referring to that
statement, which I presented in my former re-
marks, used an expression in regard to it which
I deemed somewhat personal, and requiring notice
from me. I should have been, by the courtesy of the
Speaker, as a member of the committee, allowed
the floor to reply to that remark, and express my i
views on this subject. I did not, however, suc-
ceed in getting it, and I now owe to the kindness
of my friend from North Carolina, [Mr. Stanly,]
the privilege of saying what I ought to have been
allowed to say before.
The SPEAKER, (Mr. Stuart temporarily oc-
cupying the chair.) How could the Chair know
what the intention of the gentleman was ?
Mr. STANTON. The Chair saw me rise
while the gentleman was speaking. He heard
my remarks, and saw me present to the House an
amendment which I intended to offer. The gen-
tleman from Mississippi [Mr. Brown] objected
to the amendment as being out of order at that
time. I remarked, loud enough for the Speaker
and the whole House to hear me, that I did not
desire to present the amendment out of order, but
would avail myself of another opportunity to
offer it before the debate closed. I rose repeatedly
afterwards, but the Chair did not choose to re-
cognize me.
And now, sir, I wish to say, in reply to the
remarks of the gentleman from Indiana, that 1
have had no bid put into my hands to-day, or at
any other time, that was not formally addressed
to the committee. What I read from was a mere
table showing the rates of each bid, and made
simply for the convenience of exhibiting them in
contrast. The bid of Parrish, Dunning, Mears &
Co., instead of being put into my hands to-day,
was addressed to the committee, and delivered
to the<chairman, [Mr. Gorman.]
Mr. GORMAN. When?
Yesterday morning.
Was it not after we reported
Mr. STANTON.
Mr. GORMAN.
to the House?
Mr. STANTON. It is true that the report 
Mr. MEADE. I rise to a question of order.
Is it competent for the gentleman to address the
House simply upon leave granted for explanation
by the gentleman from North Carolina? [Mr.
Stanly.]
Mr. STANLY. How can he explain unless
he addresses the House ? [Laughter.]
Mr. MEADE. The gentleman from North
Carolina understood my meaning. I understand
the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Stanton] is
about to offer a proposition ^dependent of the one
upon which the gentleman from North Carolina
[Mr. Stanly] rose to speak. The gentleman
from Kentucky asked the floor from the gentleman
from North Carolina for an explanation, and it
was granted. Can it be granted for any other
purpose ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not under-
stand that the gentleman from Kentucky proposes
anything of the kind. He asks the floor for an
explanation.
Mr. STANTON. I was about to say at the
moment I was interrupted, that it is true the report
and resolution had been presented to the House
before the proposition of Parrish, Dunning, Mears
& Co., was communicated to the committee.
Neither, however, had then been printed. The
proposition was placed in the hands of the chair-
man early yesterday morning, and immediately
after the meeting of the House.
Mr. GORMAN. That bid of Parrish & Co. I
have read to the House. It was handed to me by
the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Stanton,}
about two o'clock, and after the report was printed
and laid upon your tables. The report was printed
and here at nine o'clock.
Mr. STANTON. My friend is very much mis-
taken as to the time when he received the propo-
sition. It was handed to him at the very earliest
moment I could see him after he reached the
House. The printed report was not laid upon our
tables until two hours afterwards, and the gentle-
men who made the proposition had never seen it,
so far as I know, or understood its contents.
The only object I have had in view has been to
place the House in possession of such information
as the committee had, in order that a saving might,
if possible, be effected in the price to be paid for
this work. Gentlemen will remember that the
firm of Parrish & Co. is altogether a different one
from that of Lippincott, Grambo & Co., whose
bid has been commented upon by the honorable
gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr. Brown,] as so
much higher than the prices fixed by the public
printer. Parrish & Co. propose to execute the
work at prices greatly below those of Lippincott,
Grambo & Co., and below those of the public
