528
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 7.
Mr. SHIELDS. I trust that will be agreed to,
because it will apply to my State, to Missouri, to
Arkansas, and some other States. I think that
it ou;ht to be extended to the old Spanish and
French grants, where the lands have been determ-
ined to belong ultimately to the United States, and
we should avoid the difficulty suggested by the
Senator from Michigan.
Mr. FELCH. I have drawn up an amendment
to meet the view of the Senator from Louisiana,
which I will submit. It is to insert in the bill,
after ■'settledthe words " on lands heretofore
' reserved or claimed under French and Spanish
' grants which have been or shall hereafter be de-
• clared by the judicial authorities of the United
• States to be invalid." The amendment of the
committee was to strike out the whole of the
proviso. I propose to amend the proviso by in-
serting the words which I have read, and then
we can vote down the proposition of the commit-
tee.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to, and the amendment of the committee was re-
jected.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I wish to move an
amendment to the bill; and I desire to claim the
attention of the Senate to a new feature in the bill,
which I felt it my duty to oppose in committee,
and which I feel it my duty to state to the Senate
and oppose here. The first section of the bill
states that—
" So much of the provision of the act approved the 4th
September, 1841, entitled 'All act to appropriate the pro-
ceed? of the sales of the public lands, and to grant preemp-
tion right?/ a? prevents ihe right of preemption from accru-
ing to a person who shall have settled, or who shall settle,
on land not surveyed" 
I yielded all objection to that in committee; but
to the following 1 did object:
'' Or on sections of land reserved to the United States,
alternate to other sections granted to any of the States for
the construction of any canal, railroad, or public improve-
ment, be in the same way repealed."
I move to strike out the words:
" Or on sections of land reserved to the United States,
alternate to other sections granted to any of the 8tatea for
the construction of any canal, railroad, or other public im-
provement."
In regard to that amendment, I wish to make
a very brief statement. The Senator from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Douglas,] the other day, in some elo-
quent remarks which he made to the Senate, told
us, that by these reservations we actually got more
money, when they were sold, than the $2 50 per
acre. In that way he undertook to show, that 1
instead of the United States being losers by grant-
ing lands to the States for internal improvements,
and reserving [the alternate sections, they were
actually gainers. This bill now proposes to allow
all these reserved sections to be opened to settle-
ment and preemption; and by that means you
propose in all future time to close the door against
selling these reserved lands, afteryou have granted
the alternate sections to the States for the purpose
of internal improvements. In this way you are
introducing a new feature in your legislation, and
you are allowing settlers upon these reserved sec-
tions by preemption to take them up at $2 50 per
acre, and preventing the accomplishment of the
object which the Senator from Illinois the other
day told us had actually been accomplished for
the benefit of the United States, when they had
brought more than $2 50 per acre at public sale.
I want to know whether the Senate is willing thus
to change the system of things which we have been
acting upon for years,and by which there has been
an inducement held out to the old States, in making
these grants, that the reserved lands should sell
for $2 50, or even more per acre. If this is passed,
you prevent any public sale of reserved sections,
so far as preemption claims may attach to them
by settlement upon them. 1 am unwilling to make
the change, and I have thought proper to make
this brief statement to the Senate as to the pro-
vision of the bill, to show the alteration about to
take place, and to call the attention of the Senate
to it; and then, if the Senate choose to adopt the
bill as it is, I have nothing more to say.
Mr. FELCH. I hope the amendment will not
be agreed to. The fact to which the Senator re-
fers, stated by the Senator from Illinois, of the
sales of those lands at an increased price, I sup-
pose is true. It gives about seven cents an acre
more by sale at public auction than it would give
to allow preemption rights upon the lands. In re-
gard to the sales of the lands in these reserved
public lands generally, there is a small percentage
obtained by the auction system over and above
$1 25 per acre—a percentage equal to between one
and two cents an acre. Here we have seven cents
an acre, or three and a half cents an acre for the
same amount of money. I do think, if the Gov-
ernment in granting the land along a railroad or
canal, by the paper which it gives to the actual
settler for preemption rights, stands in regard to
the alternate sections upon a basis so nearly equal
with what it does in selling to another purchaser,
we ought to ask no more from the preemptor.
The settler has a hard time enough in any event
to go on the public lands; and it is due to the
States that we should afford encouragement to him
to go on the public lands that they may be settled;
and here in this case this little privilege ought to
be granted to the man who makes a settlement on
the alternate sections. 1 am sure, if my friend
will look at the matter, he will see that there is
nothing yielded here; the Government is fully in-
demnified not only for the land which it may sell,
but for the land which it has parted with for the
purpose of constructing a public work. I think
the least liberality we can extend is to permit the
settler to go on and take the benefit of it.
A Senator. It is justice.
Mr. FELCH. My friend is right. He says
it is not liberality, it is justice. It is nothing more
or less. I think it is due to the new States, and it
is due to the settler; and I hope the time has not
yet come, and I hope it will not come, when we
shall look with indifference upon that class of men
who will be benefited to this small extent by
giving them the privilege of purchasing the lands
which they may settle on and cultivate.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, the amendment was concurred in, and the bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading.
It was read a third time and passed.
VERMONT COLLECTION DISTRICT.
On motion by Mr. HAMLIN, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill to create a collection district in the State of
Vermont. It proposes to direct that the county
of Essex, in that State, be made a collection dis-
trict, by the name of the District of Essex, and
that the town of Brighton be made a place of entry
and delivery. It proposes further, that a collector
of customs shall be appointed, who, in addition
to his legal fees and emoluments, shall receive a
j salary of $500 per annum.
Mr. HAMLIN. That bill has been submitted
i to the Treasury Department, which recommends
its passage. There is a railroad communication
about being opened between Portland and Mon-
treal. I see by the papers, that during the past
week, cars have run to the line of Canada at the
point named in the bill. Early in the coming sea-
son, the communication will be direct, and a very
large portion of the importations now made at
Montreal will undoubtedly pass over this route.
There is, therefore, an absolute necessity for a
revenue officer at the point designated in the bill.
The bill has the unanimous approbation of the
Committee on Commerce. I hope it will receive
the sanction of the Senate.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, and was read a third time and passed.
REMEDIES TO PATENTEES. j
Mr. MILLER. I ask the indulgence of the
Senate to take up for consideration the bill "giv-
ing further remedies to patentees." This bill has j
been before the Senate a long time. I do not de-
sire to speak upon it. I only aslc that it may be 1
taken up and voted upon. I think it will not lead
to any further debate.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate re-
sumed, as in Committee of the Whole, the con- j
sideration of the bill.
Mr. HUNTER. It strikes me that this is a bill
which has heretofore given rise to considerable j
discussion. I believe the Senator from Rhode
Island, [Mr. James,] who is chairman of the
Committee on Patents and the Patent Office,
wishes to be heard in regard to it. I think, there-
fore, that it had better lie over for the present. ,
Mr. MILLER. I will state to the Senator from
Virginia, that the Senator from Rhode Island was
aware that it was to be called up to-day if the Sen-
ate should consent. It has been modified so aa
to obviate all the objections that I have heard to
it. I hope the Senate will act upon it now.
The bill was then reported to the Senate as
amended, the amendments formerly made as in
Committee of the Whole were concurred in, and
the question was stated to be, " Shall the bill be
engrossed and read a third time?"
Mr. NORRIS. On that question I ask for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CHASE. I wish to inquire of the hon-
orable Senator from New Jersey, whether that
clause in the bill which provides for the taking
possession of the article imported, or manufac-
tured, is not a new feature in the patent laws ?
That seems to me to be the only objection that I
have to the bill; but I think that provision may
lead to very serious and evil consequences if in-
junctions be allowed to arrest not only the busi-
ness, but to take into the custody of the court all
articles manufactured, which are the subject of
the business itself. I should like to have an ex-
planation upon that point. Were it not for that
provision; I do not know that I should object to
the bill.
Mr. MILLER. I think it is not a new feature
in our patent laws. It applies to the production
of a machine, which is itself in another country,
and cannot be reached. If the machine were here
in the country it could be seized and forfeited.
The bill only extends the principle of the present
patent laws to the production of a machine which
is in a foreign country, and which cannot be
seized under the present laws. I can see no ob-
jection to it.
The question being taken by yeas and nays on
ordering the bill to be engrossed, resulted—yeas
23, nays 20; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Badger, Bell, Brodhead, Chase, Clarke,
Foot. Hamlin, Houston, Jones otTennessee, Mangum, Mil-
ler, Pearce,Phelps, Pratt, Seward, Smith, Spruance, Stock-
ton, Sumner, Toucey, Underwood, Wade,and Walker—23.
NAYS—Messrs. Atchison, Cass, Charlton, Clemens,
Dawson, De Saussure, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of
Iowa, Douglas, Felch, Fitzpatrick, Geyer, Gwin, Hunter,
Jones of Iowa, Mallory, Norris, Rusk, Shields, and Wel-
ler—20.
So the bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading.
ThePRESIDENT. The bill will have its third
reading unless objected to.
Mr. NORRIS. I object.
Mr. MILLER. It had not its second reading
to-day. I suppose, therefore, it does not require
unanimous consent to read it a third time.
ThePRESIDENT. It has not been engrossed.
PAYMENT OF FLORIDA MILITIA.
On motion by Mr. MALLORY, the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole,proceeded to consider
House bill " to provide for the payment of the
companies of Captains Bush, Price, and Suarez,
for military services in Florida." It proposes to
direct the Secretary of War to cause to be paid
one half of the pay and allowances of mounted
troops to the'following militia forces of the Terri-
tory of Florida, for the period of their respective
service, as specified, to wit: Captain Bush's com-
pany of mounted troops, from the twenty-fifth day
of January, 1838, to the twenty-fifth day of Janu-
ary, 1839; Captain Price's company of mounted
troops, from the twentieth day of January, 1838,
to the twentieth day of July, 1839; Captain Sua-
rez's company of mounted troops from the twen-
tieth day of July, 1838, to the twentieth day of
January, 1839; that the muster rolls according to
which the payments shall be made shall be sworn
to by the captain or senior surviving officer in
Florida of each company, and approved by the
Governor of that State; and that so much money
as may be necessary for the purpose be appropri-
ated.
Mr. MALLORY. The bill has come from the
House at the present session, and has been favora-
bly reported upon by the Committee on Military
Affairs here, without amendment.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be read a third time, and
was read a third time, and passed.
TEXAS DEBT.
Mr. PEARCE. I have been instructed by the
Committee on Finance to report certain amend-
ments to the bill in relation to the Texas debt,
which I ask may be printed.
They were ordered to be printed.
