THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
32d Congress, 2d Session.
TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 8, 1853.
New Series....No. 34.
COLONIZATION IN NORTH AMERICA.
The Senate then proceeded to consider the joint
resolution declaratory of the views of the United
States respecting colonization on the North Amer-
ican continent by European Powers, and respect-
ing the Island of Cuba; when—
Mr. CLEMENS rose and addressed the Senate
at great length against the generally received opin-
ions regarding progress and manifest destiny, pre-
ferring that his country should pursue a course of
peace, justice, and prosperity, to strife and blood-
shed, when they might be avoided. He thought
the Island of Cuba could not be made available
to us, with its present mass of heterogenous pop-
ulation, unless it was made a solitude and repeo-
pled from the United States.
Mr. CASS maie a brief reply, and read ex- 1
tracts of a letter from a distinguished American,
approving of the course which he, in conjunction
with the chairman of the Committee on Foreign
Relations, had pursued.
Mr. HALE spoke briefly, declaring that he had
also received letters complimenting the course
which he had pursued, which, the Senate would
pardon him, he did not mean to read.
Mr. MALLORY madeafew observations; when
Mr. DOUGLAS obtained the floor, and moved
that the further consideration of the subject be
postponed until Monday next; which motion was
agreed to, and Mr. Docglas will be entitled to
the floor on that day. [For the debate see Ap-
pendix.]
COLONIZATION IN CENTRAL AMERICA.
Mr. MASON. The President of the United
States communicated to the Senate, on the 21st
of January, all the correspondence between Mr.
Lawrence and other of our foreign Ministers, and
the Government of the United States, connected
with the affairs of Central America, and the Brit-
ish possessions in that neighborhood. The cor-
respondence was referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations, and ordered to be printed.
Amongst them is one letter from Mr. Lawrence
to Mr. Clayton, dated April 19, 1850—a letter of
some eighty-five pages of manuscript, which com-
prises the whole history, and I think it is ably
drawn up, with great labor and research—of the
affairs of GreatBritain in relation to Central Amer-
ica, and more especially in relation to the Mos-
quito Indians. It is a paper that does very great
credit to the ability, industry, and research of that
minister. The question to which it relates is one
now of very great interest to the American people;
and I propose that of that letter there be two ,
thousand additional copies printed for circulation.
The motion was agreed to.
ORDER OF BUSINESS. |
Mr. CLARKE. I move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of Executive business.
Mr. SHIELDS. If my honorable friend will
give way, I wish to call up a bill, and have it .
passed at this time, as the Senate seems to be in ,
such excellent humor. I refer to the bill from
the House of Representatives, making a grant of
land to the several States and Territories of the [
Union for the benefit of indigent insane persons, i
which is commonly known as Miss Dix's bill, j
I want to have a vote upon it. i
Mr. ADAMS. I would inform the Senator
that there is not time enough during the remainder ;
of this session to get it through. '
Mr. SHIELDS. I will promise not to say a
word upon it.
Mr. ADAMS. I will promise to say a great j
many words. i
Mr. SHIELDS. I hope no one will say a word j
upon it.
Mr. ADAMS. The Senator's hopes will not
be gratified. j
Mr. HUNTER. If the Senate does not go into |
Executive session, I hope it will take up the de- ;
ficiency bill. It is time we should make some j
progress in it. j
The PRESIDENT. Does the honorable Sen-
ator from Rhode Island withdraw the motion to ]
proceed to the consideration of Executive business?
34
Mr. CLARKE. I withdraw it for the honor-
able Senator from Illinois.
Mr. RUSK. That bill will undoubtedly be de-
bated, and I hope, therefore, it will not be taken
up at this time in the day. After the discussions
which I have heard, I begin to be convinced that
the French have some intentions upon Sonora,
and I want to get the Pacific railroad built, so that
we can carry our troops over to whip them. The
Pacific railroad bill is the order of the day, and I
hope it will be taken up and disposed of, particu-
larly as the honorable Senator from Tennessee
[Mr. Bell] is in the middle of a speech upon it.
Mr. SHIELDS. All I want is, to get a vote
upon the bill which I have moved to take up. It
has been discussed here time and again, and I do
not see that there is any necessity for any more
discussion.
Mr. RUSK. I should be willing to vote upon
the bill in a moment, but I am satisfied that we
cannot get to a vote without a great deal of dis-
cussion. Besides, the honorable Senator from
Tennessee is in the middle of a speech upon the
other bill, and I think he ought to have an oppor-
tunity given him to-day to finish his remarks.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope we shall not take up
another contested subject to the prejudice of the
appropriation bills. 1 trust the honorable Sena-
tor from Illinois will not persist in calling up the
bill.
Mr. CLARKE. There seems to be so much
difficulty in getting up any subject that will satisfy
gentlemen in all parts of the Chamber, that I think
it better to proceed to the consideration of Exec-
utive business, and I make that motion.
The PRESIDENT. The motion of the Sen-
ator from Illinois is before the Senate, and must
be disposed of.
The motion was not agreed to.
EXECUTIVE BUSINESS.
Mr. CLARKE. I now renew the motion that
the Senate proceed to the consideration of Execu-
tive business.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I will inform the hon-
orable Senator from Rhode Island, that although I
am not very tenacious as to time, this is not the day
on which I expected an Executive session. I am,
of course, not permitted to speak of what is to
take place in Executive session; but the motion,
coming from the side of the Chamber from which 1
it does come, I suppose I cannot be at a loss to
know the object. I would remark that perhaps
some half a dozen gentlemen are not now in their
seats whom I would desire to have present at an
Executive session. I am conscious that there has
been a long period intervening between the last
day on which we transacted Executive business
and this time. Perhaps the Senator was not as
well fortified for an Executive session in the inter-
vening time as he is now, because, as I say, there
are now several gentlemen absent whose presence
I would desire. The Senator from Louisiana,
Mr. Soitle,] who takes a very deep interest in
some Executive business, is not now in his seat.
Mr. CLARKE. He has paired off.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I am not informed as
to that.
Mr. CLARKE. I am.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Whether he has paired
off or not, I want his presence. He informed me
that he desired to be present; and I hope the mat-
ter will be postponed until his return. The gen-
tleman from Arkansas [Mr. Borland] is also ab-
sent, and I do not now see in his seat the gentle-
man from South Carolina, [Mr. Butler.]
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The gentleman
from Arkansas has paired off.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. There are several Sen-
ators whom I do not see in their seats, whose
presence I would desire when we have an Exec-
utive session. I am willing, at any reasonable
time, to proceed to the consideration of Executive
business; but to hurry us into it at this moment,
it seems to me does not accord with propriety.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair would suggest
I to the Senator from Alabama that there are sev-
j eral Executive communications on the table which
I ought to be disposed of.
i Mr. CLARKE. I was not aware that it would
interfere with the convenience of the Senator from
Alabama to proceed to.the consideration of Exec-
utive business at this time; nor do I perceive that
anything which he has said changes the state of
the case. I can explain, if it is desired, with re-
gard to every difficulty which he has raised. I
hope the Senate will go in Executive session, and
at least dispose of the communications upon the
table.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I call for the yeas and
nays upon the motion. .
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CLARKE. As the yeas and nays have
been ordered, I beg leave to say a word in reply to
the Senator from Alabama. He has referred to
the absence of the Senator from Louisiana, [Mr.
Soule.J That gentleman has paired off with the
honorable Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Da-
vis.] The Senator from Arkansas [Mr. Borland]
; has paired off with the honorableSenatorfrom Ken-
j tucky, [Mr. Dixon,] who has been obliged to leave
! the city on account of ill health. I have no doubt
i every gentleman who desires to be present is now
; in the Chamber.
Mr. DOWNS. I am very much surprised that
a motion should be made to-day to proceed to the
consideration of Executive business. The object
of the motion, I presume, is very well understood
by the Senate.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair would suggest
to the Senator from Louisiana, that this question
cannot, under the rules of the Senate, be discussed.
Mr. DOWNS. The honorable Senator from
; Rhode Island has been discussing it, and he re-
j ferred to pairing off on questions connected with
I it; and I thought I might be permitted to state a
very urgent reason why we should not go into
Executive session to-day. I will not state the facts;
but gentlemen may remember circumstances con-
. nected with myself in relation to the matter, which
make it imperative on me to insist that the Senate
I shall not go into Executive business, without
! some little notice. I will not state the circumstan-
ces. They must be within the knowledge of every
Senator. I hope, therefore, that the gentleman will
not insist to-day on going into Executive session,
for the purpose which, I presume, he has in view.
Mr. GWIN. I shall vote for an Executive
session, because I know there are important com-
munications on the President's table, which ought
to be referred and acted upon. There is more
than one subject which should engage our attention
in Executive session. We ought to clear the
President's table, and I shall for that object, and
for that alone, vote for an Executive session.
The question being taken upon Mr. Clarke's
motion, by yeas and nays, resulted—yeas 38,
nays 13; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Bell, Bright, Brooke, Cass,
Charlton, Chase, Clarke, Clemens, Cooper, Davis, Dawson,
De Saussure, Dodge of Wisconsin, Fish, Foot, Geyer,
Gwin, Hale, Hunter, Jones of Tennessee, Mullory, Man-
; gum, Mason, Miller, Morton, Tearce, Phelps, Pratt, Rusk,
Seward, Shields, Smith, Spruance, Stockton, Underwood,
Wade, and Walker—38.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Brodhead, Dodge of Iowa,
Douglas, Downs, Felch, Fitzpatrick, Houslon, Jones of
Iowa, Norris, Pettit, Toucey, and Weller—13.
So the motion was agreed to; and after some
; time spent in the consideration of Executive busi-
1 ness, the doors were reopened,
! And the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
j Monday, February 7, 1853.
; The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Rev. James Gallaher.
The Journal of Saturday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER. Resolutions are in oilier from
the State of Pennsylvania.
Mr. CLARK. 1 trust I may be permitted by
the House to call up a Senate bill for the purpose
i of putting it on its passage. It is a bill which I
: made several efforts at the last session to call up,
