1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
581
The SPEAKER. ^ The previous question
having been ordered, such a motion could not be in
order.
The question was then taken on the adoption
of the resolution, and it was decided in the affirm-
ative—yeas 120, nays 55; as follows: 1
YF.AS—Messrs. Abercromlm*. Willis Allen, AHNon,
William Appleton, Ashe, Biirtleft, Heale, Hell, Bennett,
tttbigliaos, llowne, I'ri^gs, Caklweil, Lewis D. Campbell,
Vaskie, Church well, Clark, (Semens, Cobb, Cottman, Cul-
loin, Ciwtu, Daniel, Darby, George T. Davis, John G. Da-
vi«, Dnnmick. Doty, Duncan. Edmund-ton, Faulkner, Fay,
Ficklm, Fitch, Florence, Freeman,Gamble, Gaylortl. Gen-
try, Gidrfmcs, Gilmore, Goodenow, Gorman, Green, Grow,
Hall, Hamilton, [sham G. Harris, Hascall, Haven, Hen-
dricks, llenn, Hibbard, Hillver, Holl.idav, Horstord, Rous-*
ton, Howard. John W. Howe, Thomas M. Howe, Thomas
Y. How. Inrersoll, Ives, Jackson, Jenkins, Andrew John
son, J. Glancy Jones, George G. King, Kurtz, Lockhart,
Mace. Mann, Mason, MeCorkle, McLanahan, McMullin,
Mc\air, Miller, Millson, Molonv, llenrv D. Moore, Morri-
son, Murray, \aber«, Newton.'Outlaw, Samuel W. Par-
ker, Peasl°e, Penn, Perkins, Phelps, Polk, Porter, Preston,
Price,Riddle, Robbtns, Hobie, Robinson, Schoolcraft, Ori-
gen S. Seymour, Skelton, Smart, Smith, Snow, Stanly,
Benjamin Stanton, Alexander H. Stephens, Stone, St. Mar-
•fin, Stratton, Stnart, Sutherland, Thurston, Townshend,
Tuck, Washburn, Watkins, Welch, and Yates—190.
NAYS—Messrs. Charles Allen, John Appleton, Averett,
David J. Bailey, Barrere, Bocock, Bragg, Breckinridge,
Brenton, Brooks, Burrows, Bu<by, Joseph Cable, Thomp-
son Campbell, Cartter, Chastain,Clingman, Dawson, Dean,
Disney, Dockery, Eastman, Floyd, Thomas J. D. Fuller,
Grey, Sampson W. Harris, Robert W. Johnson, George W.
Jones, Landry, Letcher, Martin, McDonald, McQueen,
Meacham, Miner, Andrew Parker, Penniman, Ross, Sack-
ett. Schermerhorn, Scurry, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard
•H. Stanton, Abraham, P. Stephens, Sirother, Sweetser,
Taylor, Toombs, Venable, Wallace, Addison White. Wil-
cox, Wildnck, Williams, and Woodward—55.
So the resolution was adopted-, two thirds voting
in the affirmative.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. I move to re-
consider the vote by which that resolution was
adopted, and to lay the motion to reconsider on
the table.
The question was taken, and the latter motion
was agreed to.
[Here a message was received from the Senate
by A sbttry Dickins, Esq., its Secretary, notifying
the House that that body had passed a bill of the
following title, and requesting its concurrence
therein:
S. No. 571. An act granting and reconveying
the arsenal in the town of New Castle, in the
State of Delaware, to the trustees of said town
and their successors.]
SALARY OF JUDGE CRAWFORD.
Mr. McLANAHAN. I ask the unanimous !
consent of the House, having now obtained the j
floor, and not intending to give it up at present, for j
leave to take up Senate bill No. 97, entitled " An j
' act to make the salary of the judge of the crimi- [
' nal court of the District of Columbia equal to that {i
• of an assistant judge of the circuit court of said i
4 District." I
Mr. CARTTER. I should like to hear the bill
read.
Mr. McLANAHAN. I will state that the sal-
ary of that judge is $2,000. He sits about eight
or nine months in the year. The salary of an as-
sistant circuit judge is $2,500, and they sit only
about one third of the time. Judge Crawford's
industry and intelligence are known to every mem-
ber of this House.
Mr. CARTTER. Does the bill provide for
anything else than the increased salary?
Mr. McLANAHAN. It provides for nothing
else. |
Objection was made.
Mr. McLANAHAN. I then move that the
rules be suspended, in order that the bill may be
taken up and passed.
At the request of several members, the bill was
read through. I
The question was taken, and the rules were sus-
pend ed.
Mr. McLANAHAN. I would inquire of the
Chair whether the rule requiring bills containing
appropriations to be first considered in a Com-
mittee of the Whole, must be suspended before
this bill can be put on its passage ? i
The SPEAKER. That rule must be suspended.
Mr. McLANAHAN. I then move a suspen-j
sion of that rule. ij
The question was taken, and the rule was sus- !
pended. j
The bill was then ordered to be read a third j
time; and according to order, was read a third
time.
Mr. McLANAHAN. I call for the previous
question on the passage of the bill.
The call for the previous question was seconded,
and the main question was ordered to be put.
The question now being:, " Shall the bill pass ?"
it was put find carried in the affirmative.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. McLANAHAN. I move that the vote by
which that bill was passed be reconsidered, and
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The question was taken, and the latter motion
was agreed to.
Mr. W1LDRICK, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as correctly enrolled bills of
the following titles; and they thereupon received
the signature of the Speaker:
S. No. 203. An act for the relief of Barbara
Reily.
H. R. No. 265. An act for the relief of Joseph
M. Wilcoxon, of the State of Missouri.
H. R. No. 232. An act for the relief o'f C. L.
Swayze in relation to the location of certain Choc-
taw scrip.
H. R. No. 233. An act granting the right of
way and making a grant of land to the States of
Arkansas and Missouri to aid in the construction
of a railroad from a point on the Mississippi op-
posite the mouth of the Ohio river, via Little
Rock, to the Texas boundary near Fulton, in
Arkansas, with branches to Fort Smith and the
Mississippi river.
CENSUS ABSTRACT.
Mr. McNAIR. I submit the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That the members of the House Committee on
Printing be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
having an additional number of reports of the Superintend-
ent of the Census and abstract printed for the use of mem-
bers.
Mr. HAMILTON. I'object.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to debate
that resolution.
The SPEAKER. That resolution provides for
the printing of extras.
Mr. McNAIR. It is in the form of instructions
to the House Committee on Printing.
Mr. JONES. I will tell the gentleman that we
had but two days ago a report from that committee;
and we have adopted a resolution directing what
number of extra copies of that census report shall
be printed.
Mr. McNAIR. The printing of the document
provided for by my resolution will only cost five
cents. The binding will cost about six cents
more. It will embrace about one hundred and
thirty pages; and as it embodies the essential part
of the census, and can be published at a small ex- I
pense, I hope there will be no general opposition 1
to it. It will circulate for the information of the!
community where the large volumes cannot be !
had.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. If the resolu-
tion gives rise to debate, it must go over.
The SPEAKER. That is true.
Mr. McNAIR. I call for the previous question
on the adoption of the resolution.
I Mr. HAVEN. I submit whether, under the
operation of the law and rules of the House, the
resolution does not go to the committee without a
vote ?
The SPEAKER. That is also true. In the
opinion of the Chair, the resolution passes to the
committee without a vote of the House.
REBECCA J. BURDSALL.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House for leave to take from the
Speaker's table and put upon its passage jointres-
olution frcim the Senate No. 58, for the relief of
Rebecca J. Burdsall.
Mr. HAMILTON. Let the bill be read for in- !
formation. ,
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Is this not resolu-
tion day?
The SPEAKER. It is. i
Mr. JONES. Then I object to everything until
after all the States have been called for resolu- i
tions.
Mr. NABERS. Theinquiry of the gentleman,
I think, was well-timed, and I hope that he will
persist in his objection. • !
The SPEAKER. Then the motion of the gen-
tleman is objected to.
Mr. CHANDLER. I submit for adoption the j
following resolution; 1,
J Resolved, That Senate joint resolution No. 58 be taken
11 from the table for the action (ft* the House.
i\ Mr. CAMPBELL, of Illinois. I propose to
I debate that resolution.
1 The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
j sylvania is occupying the floor.
I Mr. CHAINDLeR. I call for the previous
i question on the adoption of the resolution.
' CAMPBELL. If the resolution is pro-
posed to be debated, does it not lie over?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has not the
, floor to make that objection.
Mr. JONES. I would submit the question
1 Whether a two-thirds vote is not required to take a
| bill from the table?
1 The SPEAKER. It does.
Mr. JONES. Then can this resolution take up
joint resolution No. 58 by a bare majority?
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides it cannot;
a two-thirds vote is required for the adoption of
the resolution. There is no dqjibt about that.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Is not a mo-
tion to suspend the rules necessary for the enter-
tainment of the resolution?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that it is.
Mr. STEPHENS. Therefore the resolution
is not in order until the rules have been suspended.
The SPEAKER. It is not that character of
resolution, in the opinion of the Chair, which the
gentleman can offer, his State being called with-
( out a suspension of the rules.
Mr. CHANDLER. Then I move a suspen-
sion of the rules, that I may be enabled to offer it.
Mr. CARTTER. Can a member move to sus-
pend the rules for the introduction of a resolution
which is not in order?
The SPEAKER. That is the very object of
the rule. Suspensions of the rules are moved
that business may be taken up for action that the
rules would not allow.
Mr. HAMILTON. I call for the reading of
thejoint resolution.
The joint resolution was read through.
The question was then taken on the motion for
the suspension of the rules, and it was disagreed
to, two thirds not voting in the affirmative.
GRANTS OF LAND.
. Mr. SIBLEY. I ask the unanimous consent
, of the House for leave to introduce a bill, in order
that it may be referred to one of the standing com-
mittees. It is entitled "A bill to grant the right
' of way and a portion of the public lands to the
'States of Louisiana, Arkansas, Missouri, and
'Iowa, and the Territory of Minnesota, in aid of
' the construction of a railroad from a point oppo-
' site the city of New Orleans, to the northern
' boundary of said Territory of Minnesota, with a
' branch to the Falls of St. Anthony."
Mr. GOODENOW. I object.
Mr. SIBLEY. I move a suspension of the
rules, that I may be enabled to introduce it.
The question was taken, and the motion was
disagreed to, two thirds not voting in the affirm-
ative.
JOHN WILLIAMS.
Mr. ALLISON. I submit the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That the bill of the Senate, No. 421, for the
relief of John Williams, be now taken up for consideration.
Mr. HAMILTON. I ask that the bill be read.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be read, as the
gentleman has a right to know what he is voting
on.
Mr. ALLISON. It is for the relief of an old
soldier who has most faithfully served his country.
The bill was read through.
Mr. ALLISON. Is it in order to have the short
accompanying report read ?
The SPEAKER. Not without unanimous con-
sent.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then I object.
The question was put on the motion for the sus-
pension of the rules, and, on a division, there
were 53 ayes 
Mr. ALLISON. I demand the yeas and nays.
[Cries of " No!" " No!'"]
Mr. ALLISON. Well, that time may not be
unnecessarily consumed, I merely call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Bocock and
McNair were appointed.
Mr. KING, of Rhode Island. I will merely
state that this bill has the favorable recommenda-
tion of the Commissioner, as well as the Commit-
U« on Pensions.
