536
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 8,
It must be evident lo the Senate, that coming up as
this bill does, at this late hour of the session, and
in the hurry of business which is always attend-
ant upon such an advanced stage of the session,
it cannot be expected that its friends should go
into any elaborate debate in its defense.
I listened to the objections urged by the honor-
able Senator from Delaware, and I do not think
that he stated a single one which has not already
been met, except the one in regard to the effect
of the bill upon treaties with foreign Powers.
That I confess is a new objection, and one which
I never heard of before. It never entered into my
mind that this bill would have any effect whatever
upon the treaties between this Government and
any foreign Power. It has not, and it cannot
have, any more effect upon the treaties, or upon
the importation of articles, than the existing pat-
ent laws of the land. Why, sir, if a man has a
patent upon a plow in this country, and if a
person in Canada manufactures such plows, and
sends them across the line into this country, they
could be seized at once under our existing laws.
They could not only be seized in the hands of the
importer, but in the hands of the man using them,
and he could be made to pay damages for the use
of the article thus brought in. That is the case
where the patent is upon the article itself; and
that shows the partiality of our existing patent
laws. While they thoroughly protect the arti-
cle when the patent is upon the article itself, they
give no remedy at all to the man who invents a
machine which turns off useful articles for the
benefit of the country. He has no remedy against
such piracies from abroad; whereas the man who
has a patent upon the article itself has a complete
remedy under the existing law; and the only ob-
ject of this bill is to give to a person who has a
patent upon a machine the same remedy as the
man who now has a patent upon the article itself
enjoys.
Although this is a general bill, the gentleman
has referred to two machines for which he
thinks the bill is specially designed. One is the
machine for turning irregular figures. That is a
very valuable machine. It may now be taken
across the line to Canada, and articles manufac-
tured from it there and sent here without any
remedy on the part of the patentee. It is princi-
pally American citizens who do take them across
for the very purpose of avoiding your laws and
setting them at defiance. There they turn off
these articles to any amount, bring them across the
line perhaps half finished, cheat the Government
out of half its revenue by a false valuation, and
throw the articlesupon the market in any quantity,
and thus deprive the owner of the machine here,
who has protection under your own laws, of the
benefit of his patent. The object of this bill is
to prevent that practice, and that is its whole ob-
ject.
The honorable Senator objects to the bill, and
says it gives an unheard-of power to seize the
article -which may be imported in violation of its
terms. How is that power given? If a person
makes affidavit that an article has been imported
from a foreign country for the purpose of traffic
or sale, he may seize it, provided the court give
authority. He must prove that the article has
been imported for the purpose of traffic or sale; he
must prove that it has been done knowingly and
willfully; and if he finds that the article is "in the
hands of the person who brought it across the line,
or who knows it to have been brought over for
that purpose, he may then, and in no other event,
seize upon the articles. Whatobiection can there
be in that?
There was an objection urged to the bill, to
which I conceded at once, that in its original form,
you might seize an article in the hands of a per-
son who had it for use. That feature has been I
stricken out, and the bill is now confined simply I
to cases where it is proved to the satisfaction of 1
the court that the article has been brought over 1
by a person willfully and knowingly for "the nur- .
pose of traffic or sale.
I will not detain the Senate in going over the
various arguments which might be urged in favor
of this bill, and in answer to the objections which
have beei; made by the honorable Senator from
Delaware; because I think that, with one excep- '
tion, they have been made and answered at vari-
ous times. I am very anxious to have the matter
disposed of at the earliest possible moment, and
therefore I shall not consume time by debating the j
subject further. ;
Mr. BAYARD called for the yeas and nays on l
the passage of the bill; and they were ordered; '
and, being taken, resulted—yeas 21, nays 15; as '
follows:
YEAS—Messis. Badger, Bell, Brodhcad, Brooke, Dodge
of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Downs, Geyer, Hamlin,
Houston, Miller, Morton, Pearce, Phelps, Seward, Smith,
Spruance, Sumner, Underwood, Wade, and Walker—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Atchison, Bayard, Bright, Cass,
Charlton, Dawson, Felch, Fish, Hunter, Mallory, Mason,
Norris, Pratt, and Weller—15.
So the bill was passed.
CENSUS RETURNS. •
The joint resolution from the House of Repre-
sentatives, providing for the printing and binding
of the returns of the Seventh Census, was read a
first and second time by its title, and the Presi-
dent stated that, if there were no objection, it
would be referred to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. HAMLIN. I think there is no necessity
for the reference of this joint resolution, because
the Committee on Printing have already consid-
ered the subject, and are, no doubt, prepared to
act upon it, although the chairman of that com-
mittee is not now present. I therefore move that,
without a reference, the further consideration of
the joint resolution be postponed until to-morrow.
Mr. SMITH. I am a member of the Commit-
tee on Printing, and I have not been present at
any deliberations of the committee on this subject,
and I should be glad to have the joint resolution
referred, because I have some suggestions to make
to the committee in regard to it.
Mr. HAMLIN. I believe the Senator is right
in his recollection; he was not present at the meet-
ing of the committee, when this subject was con-
sidered. I withdraw my motion, and am willing
to allow the reference to take place.
The joint resolution was referjgd to the Com-
titfoa An *
mittee on Printing.
STEAMBOAT FOREST CITY.
The bill from the House of Representatives to
change the name of the steamboat Forest City,
was read a first and second time by its title, and,
on the suggestion of Mr. Felch, it was read a
third time and passed. i
PETITIONS, ETC. I
Mr. GEYER presented the petition of Brevet
Major Enoch Steen, of the United States Army,
praying to be allowed an amount paid by him
while in command of the military post at Dona
Ana, in New Mexico, for medical aid for his com-
mand; which was referred to the Committee on
j Military Affairs.
i Also, the memorial of the Pacific Railroad Com-
, pany, of Missouri, praying a grant of land to aid
in the construction of a railroad from St. Louis to
the mouth of the Kanzas river; which was referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. SEBASTIAN presented a petition of citi-
zens of the western judicial district of Arkansas,
praying an appropriation for the erection of a
prison, by the United States, at Van Buren, in
that State; which was referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary. j
Mr. CASS presented a petition of citizens of.
New York, praying that measures may be taken !
to secure to American citizens abroad the right of
conscience and of public worship; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. NORRIS presented the memorial of the
Buffalo Bayou, Brazos, und Colorado Railway
Company, praying an extension of the time for
the payment of duties on rails imported for that
company; which was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
Mr. DAVIS presented a petition of Army offi-
cers stationed at Fort Adams, Rhode Island,
praying that the price of officers' rations may be
increased; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Mr. SMITH. I hold in my hand a memorial
from Mr. J. Thomas, proprietor of the Irving
House, in this city, in which he alleges that he i
has sustained very serious losses in consequence 1
of the sickness and death of a member of the Sen-
ate at his house during the present session of Con-
gress. I have no doubt of the correctness of the
■statements made by Mr. Thomas; and I move a
reference of the memorial to the Committee to
Audit and Control the Contingent Expenses of the :
Senate, with instructions to inquire into the facts,
and report such allowance as they may deem just
and reasonable.
It was so referred.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. WELLER, from the Committee on Terri-
tories, submitted a report, accompanied by a bill,
authorizing the construction of a line of telegraph
from the Mississippi river to the Pacific ocean;
which was read and passed to the second reading.
The report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. WELLER gave notice that, as soon as the
bill and report should be printed and laid before
Senators, he would move to make the bill the
k special order for an early day.
Mr. DOWNS, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, to which was referred the memorial
of William H. Henderson, submitted a report,
accompanied by a bill, to confirm the claim of
William H. Henderson, and the heirs of Robert
Henderson, to five hundred acres of land in the
Bastrop grant.
The bill was read a first and second time by
its title, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole. No amendment being made, it was re-
ported to the Senate without amendment, ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, read a third
time, and passed.
The report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. WADE, from the Committee on Claims,
to which was referred the memorial of Zachariah
Lawrence, of Ohio, submitted a report, accom-
panied by abill for his relief; which was read, and
passed to the second reading.
The report was ordered to be printed.
ADDITIONAL MAIL ROUTE.
Mr. ADAMS submitted the following resolu-
tion ; which was considered by unanimous consent,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on tlie Post Office and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a tn-weekly mail route from Pontotoc, Mis-
sissippi, via Ripley, to Lagrange, Tennessee.
HOUR OF MEETING.
Mr. GWIN submitted the following resolution
for consideration:
Resolved, That the hour of meeting of the Senate shall
be eleven o'clock from and after Monday next.
MEXICAN BOUNDARY.
Mr. RUSK submit^ the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be directed
to furnisli to the Senate a copy of the report and accom-
panying maps of a survey between Indianola and El Paso,
Texas, made in 1850 by then Topographical Engineers at-
tached to the United States Commission for the survey and
demarkation of the boundary line between the United States
and Mexico.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. FISH gave notice of his intention to ask
leave to introduce a bill for the better management
and the safeconduct of American merchantvessels.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. GWIN, agreeably to previous notice, asked
and obtained leave to bring in a bill to establish
land districts in the State of California, and for
other purposes; which was read a first and second
time by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. NORRIS, agreeably to p«vious notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill for
the relief of the Buffalo Bayou, Brazos, and Col-
orado Railroal Company; which was read a first
and second time by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. WALKER, by unanimous consent, asked
and obtained leave to bring in a joint resolution
explanatory qf an act entitled "An act for the
relief of Abigail Stafford;" which was read a first
and second time by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Claims. t
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message was received from the House of Rep-
resentatives, by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, announ-
cing that it had passed the following bills from the
Senate:
An act to make the salary of the judge of the
criminal courtof the District of Columbia equal to
that of an associate judge of the circuit court of
said District; and
An act for the relief of Asenath M. Elliot.
THE FISHERY QUESTION.
On motion by Mr. HAMLIN, it was
