588
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 8,
from North Carolina has no proposition before the
Senate.
Mr. ADAMS. He moved to postpone the
further consideration of the subject until Monday
two weeks.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion to postpone the further considera-
tion of the resolutions until Tuesday next.
Mr. ADAMS. I would suggest, to avoid the
difficulty mentioned by the Senator from Texas,
who says that these questions are interminable,
that we postpone this subject until the third day
of March, so that the Senator from New Hamp-
shire, [Mr. Hale,] who has the floor on the ques-
tion, may have the last speech on it, and he can
then give us a farewell address. [Laughter.]
Mr. BADGER. I suppose the question will
first be put upon the longest time.
Mr. WELLER. The third of March is the
longest time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on postponing the further consideration of the
resolutions until the third of March.
Mr. HALE. Then I will move that they be
postponed indefinitely, which is a still longer time, ,
and therefore, I suppose the question will be put
on my motion first. If the Senator from Missis-
sippi proposes to postpone them for the purpose
of my giving a valedictory, I will say to him that
I have no idea of giving it then. I move that the
further consideration of the resolution be indefi-
nitely postponed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
will be then on postponing the resolutions indefi- .
nitely. i
Mr. MASON. Do I understand that the mo-
tion of the Senator from New Hampshire is to
postpone this matter indefinitely ?
Mr. HALE. I moved that it be postponed till
Tuesday next. Other gentlemen named other
days, and the Senator from Mississippi suggested
the third of March. I said I would prefer to have
the question taken on an indefinite postponement,
rather than to have it on postponing till the third
of March.
Mr. MASON. This is a report, made after
considerable labor, by one of the standing commit-
tees of the Senate, which presents to theSenate these
resolutions for its action. I submit whether we
should not have the action of the Senate upon the
subject-matter of the resolution. I have no desire
to enter into any discussion myself, further than to
give an answer to some of the points advanced by ,
the Senator from New York, and I shall ask leave j
of the Senate to do so; but I will cheerfully defer
them until other Senators shall have presented
their views. I hope the Senator will withdraw his
motion, and that the question will be taken on
postponing the further consideration of the resolu-
tion until Tuesday next.
Mr. HALE. I withdraw my motion to post-
pone indefinitely.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
then is on postponing the further consideration of
the resolutions until the third of March next.
Mr. ADAMS. I withdraw that motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then it recurs
on the motion to postpone it until Tuesday next.
The motion was agreed to.
NEGOTIATIONS WITH ENGLAND.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by Mr. Fillmore, his Private
Secretary, relative to the negotiations pending
between the United States and Great Britain, in
reference to th^ fisheries, navigation of the St.
Lawrence, &c.
Mr. HAMLIN. The Senator from Virginia,
the chairman of the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions, [Mr. Mason,] and myself have both exam-
ined that matter. It relates to the subject of the
fisheries. That subject is pending before the Com-
mittee on Commerce, and with the approval of the
Senator from Virginia, I move that the message
be referred to the Committee on Commerce and
printed. The motion was agreed to.
On motion by Mr. BADGER,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tdesdat, February 8, 1853.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Rev. James Gallaher.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER stated that the first business
in order was the consideration of the Senate
amendments to the following bill: "An act to
'amend an act to create the office of surveyor
•general of the public lands in the Territory of]
'Oregon, to provide for the survey of the same, and
' to make donations to the settlers upon the same,"
approval September 28, 1850; and upon which
the gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Hall] was en-
titled to the floor.
Mr. COBB. I askthe gentleman from Missouri
to yield the floor for a moment. When that bill
was brought in here the other day from the Sen-
ate, a proposition was made by a gentleman from
South Carolina to refer it to the Committee of the
Whole on the s ate of the Union. I then objected
to that motion being made, and I have not slept
well since, because I believe the one-man power
sliouid never be exercised to prevent the majority
of the House from acting upon and disposing of
any business according to their own will. 1 do
not like some of the provisions of that bill, but
nevertheless, if it were not now before the House j
as it is, I should withdraw any objection I may |
have made with regard to it, and leave the House
to dispose of it as a majority might determine. I ;
understand that there are some widows and or-
phan's connected with the bill, and I could not
sleep well after making an objection to any prop-
osition for their benefit. [Laughter.]
Mr. FLORENCE obtained the floor.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I must insist upon the
regular order of business.
Mr. FLORENCE. I hope the gentleman will
allow me to ask the unanimous consent of the
House to offer the resolution which I hold in my
hand. If it is objected to, I know it must fail, as
a matter of course. I was struggling yesterday,
all day, strictly in the performance of my duty as
a member from the State of Pennsylvania, to get
the floor to offer it. 1 desiftt now, to ask the
unanimous consent of the House to offer it, and
if there is objection, let it go.
The resolution is as follows:
Resolved, That Senate bill, (No. 574,) to reorganize the
Navy of the United States, be made the special order for
Saturday next, at twelve o'clock, in.
Mr. RICHARDSON. If no one else^bjects
I will not.
Mr. LETCHER. I was all day yesterday in
the same fix with the gentleman from Pennsylva-
i nia, and did not succeed in getting the floor either,
j I object.
! Mr. RICHARDSON. I move the previous
i question upon the adoption of the Senate amend-
! ments to the bill.
! Mr. HALL. This bill was reported by the
i Committee on Public Lands, and I thought it
proper to say a word or two in relation to it; but
if the House are disposed to act upon it, without
explanation, I have no objection.
Mr. RICHARDSON. If the gentleman from
Missouri, who reported this bill, wishes to make
any explanation, I will withdraw my call for the
previous question.
Mr. HALL. 1 desire only to call the attention
of the House, in a few words, to the character of
i this bill. The bill passed the House during the
last session, with very little if any objection. The
i Senate amendments are substantially the same
with the original bill.
i They provide, in the first place, that where an
individual has settled upon land under the pro-
visions of an act donating land to settlers in the
Territory of Oregon, and has resided upon that
land for two years, they may, if they think proper
to do so, enter the land at $1 25 per acre, and
come into immediate possession of it, instead of
waiting for three years, and getting it for nothing.
The same section also provides that where the
original settler had died before he had resided
upon the land four years, his widow or orphans
may enter the land at $1 25 per acre, and receive
a patent for it.
The second section provides that it shall be the
duty of the surveyor general to receive any moneys
1 paid for these lands; and also furnish a certificate
! setting forth the boundaries of the land. It pro-
vides that the surveyor general, in consideration
' of these services, shall receive two per centum on
all moneys thus collected, provided that the whole
salary shall not, in any one year, exceed the sum
of $4,000.
I The fifth section extends an act granting land to
settlers in Oregon two years; that is to say, theact
expires on the 1st day of December next, and the
fifth section provides that the provisions of the act
shall be extended to the 1st day of December,
1855.
[Here a message was received from the Senate
by the hand of AsbuRy Dickins, its Secretary,
informing the House that the Senate had passed
House bill (No. 161) to provide for the payment
of the companies of Captains Bush, Price, and
Suarez, for military services in Florida, without
amendment; and also that the Senate had passed
the following bills:
S. No. 570. An actto create a collection district
in the State of Rhode Island.
S. No. 586. An act to extend preemption rights
tounsurveyed lands and for other purposes.]
Mr. HALL, (resuming ) The bill further pro-
vides, that in order to secure the Government
against loss, the surveyor general shall give
a bond of $50,000 for the faithful performance of
his duties, and the safe-keeping of the moneys
received by him under the provisions of this act.
Another section provides that all settlers under
the old act, who were resident in the Territory on
or prior to December, 1850, and since that time,
shall give notice, within a certain time, to the sur-
veyor general, setting forth his claims under the
fourth section of the act of which this is amenda-
tory; and if they do not give the required notice to
the surveyor general, then their rights under the
I said fourth section shall be nullified.
Another section of the bill provides, that where
^ the husband dies, his widow shall be entitled to
. the same rights to which she would have been
entitled but for the death of her husband; and that
in case of the death of the widow prior to the
expiration of the four years' continued possession
required by the act of 1850, all the rights of the
deceased shall inure unto, and be vested in the
heirs-at-law of such widow.
Another section provides, that after the first of
April, 1855, all public lands in Oregon, west of
the Cascade Mountains, which are now, or shall
hereafter be surveyed, and which have not been
claimed under the provisions of the act of 1850, or
reserved for public uses by law, or order of the
President, and excepting mineral lands, shall be
subject to public sale and private entry, as other
public lands of th<United States; and in order to
carry into effect those provisions, it authorizes the
President to appoint, with the advice and consent
of the Senate, one register and one receiver of
public moneys, who shall give bonds for the faith-
ful performance of their duties, and who shall be
entitled to receive the same salaries which this act
1 gives to the surveyor general, that is to say, $500
and fees, provided that the whole salary shall not
i exceed $4,000 a year.
i! And then, in order further to secure the Govern-
ment of the United States against losses, the bill
requires these officers in the Territory of Oregon
shall be subject to the provisions of the act of
1846, entitled " An act to provide for the better
] ' organization of the Territory, and for the collec-
' tion, safe-keeping, transfer, and disbursement of
j ' the public revenue."
As this bill, Mr. Speaker, was thoroughly dis-
! cussed and understood at the last session, I pre- •
/ sume that no further discussion is required at the
present time, and therefore I move the previous
question upon agreeing to the Senate amendments.
The previous question was then seconded, and
the main question ordered to be put.
| The proposed amendment of the Senate, (in the
| i nature of a substitute,) as it has heretofore ap-
i oeared in the proceedings of the Senate, were then
read by the Clerk.
| The SPEAKER. This bill proposes to make
! a small appropriation, contingent to be sure, but
which, nevertheless, would require it, under the
rule, to be considered first in the Committee of the
| Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. HALL. I suppose, if there is no objec-
j tion, it can be considered in the House,
j Mr. LETCHER. I object.
Mr.HALL. I move, then,thattherulesbesus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
! Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
for the purpose of taking up territorial business.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's motion pro-
ceeds upon the hypothesis that this bill has been
referred to the Committee of the Whole by force
of the rule, which is not so.
