540
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 8,
gentleman from Michigan [Mr. Stuart] submitted
his motion, which the Chair holds to be in order,
because i: is, in fact, a motion to lay aside the
Minnesota bill, for the purpose of taking up an-
other.
Mr. SIBLEY. I should like to know of the
Chmr, before he makes his decision, whether it is
competent for the gentleman from Michigan to
take the floor from me in order to submit his mo-
tion ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair recollects that
the gentleman from Michigan rose before the com-
pletion of the reading of the bill, and made his
motion. The Chair does not understand that the
gentleman from Michigan took the floor from the
gentleman from Minnesota.
The question was stated to be on the motion of
Mr. Stcart.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of Connecticut. I demand
tellers.
Tellers were ordered.
Mr. SIBLEY. I withdraw my motion that
House bill No. 41 be taken up for consideration,
because I perceive that if I persist in demanding a
division of the committee, it will be found there is
no quorum present, and I do not desire to retard
the other territorial business which will be brought
forward.
The CHAIRMAN. Then, if there be no ob-
jection, the committee will take up for considera-
tion the bill of the gentleman from Michigan, No.
348, to organize the Territory of Columbia.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I move to lay that bill
aside,"with the view of taking up the Nebraska
bill. I want to get them in their order before the
committee, and I am desirous to have the bill to
organize the Territory of Nebraska passed first.
Mr. STUART. The bill to which my motion
alludes is the one next in order.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I can only accomplish
my object by moving to lay aside these bills as
they come up.
The CHAIRMAN. The motion of the gen-
tleman is in order.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I submit to the
Chair whether bills providing for the organization
of new Territories are in order to-day? This
and the two succeeding days have been set apart
by an order of the House for the consideration of
territorial business. Those bills, I think, belong
to the general business which pertains to the whole
country. I think the proper mode to be adopted
on this occasion is, to call the bills relating to the
Territories as they stand on the calendar, and
either consider or pass over them by motion.
Mr. RICHARDSON. If bills for the organ-
ization of Territories be not territorial business, I
do not know what is. That is the only reply I
have to make to the gentleman.
The CHAIRMAN. Thegentleman fromTen-
nessee rises to the question of order that the bill
in relation to the Territory of Nebraska is not in
order as territorial business. The Chair overrules
that point, and decides the bill is in order. It is
in the list of territorial bills.
Mr. ORR. Before the question is put, I desire
only to make an inquiry.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is not de-
batable, though the Chair would be happy to hear
any suggestion from the gentleman.
Mr. ORR. I desire to inquire whether it has
not been usual, in proceeding with the consider-
ation of territorial business, to take up the bills in
the order in which they were referred to the com-
mittee ?
The CHAIRMAN. That will be done, unless
the committee shall choose to adopt another course.
Mr. RICHARDSON. That is what I have
been trying to do. I desire to pass over one to
get at the next on the calendar.
Mr. ORR. I cannot see any reason for a skip
in the calendar over one for the purpose of taking
up another bill. We will have time to get through
with all.
The CHAIRMAN. The motion is not deba-
table.
Mr. RICHARDSON. As there seems to be an
indisposition to receive my motion, I withdraw it.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I move that the
committee do now rise.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose, and the Speak-
er having resumed the chair, the chairman (Mr.
Hibbard) reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the stateof the Union had had the state
of the Union generally under consideration, and
particularly House bill No. 224, entitled "An
, ' act to amend an act entitled ' An act to create the
, ' office of surveyor general of the public lands in
' Oregon, and to provide for the survey, and to
' make donations to the settlers of the said public
' lands,' approved the 27th of September, 1850,"
and had instructed him to report the same to the
House with a recommendation that it do pass.
A message in writing was here received from
the President of the United States, by M. P.
Fillmore, his Private Secretary, and also a mes-
sage notifying the House that he did on the 5th of
February, approve and sign a joint resolution and
bills of the House of Representatives, of the fol-
lowing titles, viz:
H. R. No. 351. An act for the relief of Brevet
Brigadier General Bennet Riley, and to enable
him to settle his accounts with the United States.
H. R. No. 185. An act for the relief of Mau-
rice K. Simons.
H. R. No. 199. An act for the reliefof the legal
representatives of Bernard Todd, deceased.
H. R. No. 160. An act for the r^ief of the
heirs of Jeremiah Wingate.
J. R. No. 28. Joint resolution granting the
petition of William and Matthew Moss.
A message was here received from theSenate, by
Asbury Dickins, Esq., its Secretary, notifying
the House that that body had passed a joint reso-
lution of the following title, viz:
S. No. 51. An act giving further remedies to
patentees.
THE FISHERIES RECIPROCITY.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to take up the mes-
sage which has just been sent in by the President
of the United States. I am informed by the Sec-
retary of State that it is important it should re-
I ceive early and immediate consideration. It con-
cerns our foreign relations.
[Cries of " Read it!" "Read it!"l
The message was then read by the Clerk, as
follows:
To the Senate and House of Representatives: +
Having in my message to Congress at the opening of
the session, adverted to the pending negotiations between
this Government and that of Great Britain, relative to the
I fisheries and commercial reciprocity with the British Ameri-
; can Provinces, I transmit for the information of Congress,
| the accompanying report from the Department of State, on
j the present state of the negotiation?, and I respectfully in-
1 vite the attention of the two Houses to the suggestion in
. the latter part of the report.
| MILLARD FILLMORE,
i Washington, 7th February, 1853.
•' To the President of the United States :
i The Secretary of State has the honor to submit to the
| President the following report relative to the negotiation
pending between this Government and that of Great Britain,
on the subject of the fisheries, of reciprocal intercourse with
the British North American Provinces., and the navigation
of the St. Lawrence and thG canals connected with it.
The prospects of the negotiation at the commencement I
of the session, were alluded to in a general way in the j
President's message. The attention of this Department j
was given to the subject at the earliest day possible, and it
has been pursued with diligence. It'has been perceived |
with satisfaction, that the Government of her Britannic Ma* j
jesty is prepared to enter into an arrangement for the admis-
sion of the fishing vessels of the United States to a full par- ,
ticipation in the public fisheries on the coasts and shores of '
the Provinces, (with the exception, perhaps, at present of !
Newfoundland,) and in the right of drying and curing fish |
on shore, on condition of the admission duty free into the j
markets of the United States, of the products of the colonial j
fisheries, similar privileges on the like condition to be re- I
ciprocaliy enjoyed by British subjects on the coasts and \
shores of the United States.
Such an arrangement, the Secretary has reason to believe, ,
would be acceptable to the fishing interest of the United j
States. It is also understood that the British Government is j
desirous, in concert with the provinces, to come to an |
agreement with the United States for reciprocal free trade i
with the provinces in certain natural productions; and that i
the free navigation of the river St. Lawrence, and of the ,
Welland and Rideau canals would be conceded as part of
the arrangement. ,
An agreement of this kind has for several years received j
the attention ofCongress, and abill providing for reciprocal I
free trade in certain articles, on one occasion passed the j
House of Representatives. The present negotiations have I
been conducted by the Department under the impression that,
if the details of the arrangement could be satisfactorily set- (
tied, and in such a way as to afford a prospect of mutual ;
benefit, Congress would be disposed to perform its part to |
carry it into effect. |
Even if the United States, as a party to the compact j
which furnishes by far the largest market to the other, [
should think it necessary in some respects to limit, and in ;
others to enlarge the number of articles subject to the ar- j
rangement, beyond what the British Government or the j
provinces would prefer, the Secretary has been of opinion !
that the main provisions above alluded to promise so much
benefit on both sides, that it would be felt to be expedient
to enter into the arrangement for a definite time, leaving to
future legislation and negotiation, guided by experience, t6
render it still more satisfactory by further limitation or en-
largement.
The number and variety of the details which have pre-
sented themselves in the progress of the negotiation, and
the important interests in different parts both of the United
States and the British Provinces, requiring to be carefully
considered, taken in connection with the necessity of a
reference to London for instructions as to alt questions of
moment that arise unexpectedly, have thus far prevented,
and will probably render impossible the conclusion of a
comprehensive arrangement of the kind contemplated, in
season to be submitted to the Senate, and to bccome the
subject of legislative action during the present short session.
It is believed, however, from the progress made, and the
present state of the negotiations, that time only is wanted
for a satisfactory agreement between the two Governments
on all the subjects above alluded to.
The only part of the proposed arrangement which may
be considered as of an urgent nature, is such an adjust-
ment of the fisheries question as would remove all danger
of trouble on the fishing grounds during ihe approaching
season. This is an object of great importance, and worthy
the immediate attention of Congress. As belonging to a
general settlement, the British Government is not willing
to dispose of it separately; but the Secretary of State is of
opinion, that under the circumstances of the case, if Con-
gress should pass an act admitting provincial fish free of
duty into the United States, on condition that the fisher-
men of the United States are admitted to a full participa-
tion in the provincial fisheries, the Government of Great
Britain would give effect to the measure by the requisite
legislation on her part, in the expectation on both side%
that the question of reciprocity, and of the use of the St.
Lawrence and the canals connected with it, will be taken
up hereafter, with a favorable disposition to come to a mu-
tually advantageous agreement on that part of the subject
also.
Even if such an act should fail to produce the desired
result, which is not apprehended, it would relieve the Uni-
ted States of the responsibility of the consequences.
AH which is respectfully submitted,
EDWARD EVERETT.
Department or State,
Washington, February, 1853.
Mr. BAYLY. I move that the communication
be referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations
and printed.
The question was then taken, and it was de-
cided in the affirmative.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I move the previous
question upon the bill which has been reported to
the House from the Committee of the Whole—an
act to create the office of surveyor general of the
public lands in Oregon, and to provide for the sur-
vey, and to make donations to the settlers of the
said public lands, approved the27th of September,
1850.
The SPEAKER. The question is upon con-
curring in the Senate amendment. The previous
question has been demanded.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is informed that
this is a House bill returned from the Senate with
an amendment. The only question is upon agree-
ing with .the Senate amendment.
The question was then taken, and it was decided
in the affirmative.
So the Senate amendment was concurred in.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I move that the rules
be suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
The question was taken, and it was decided in
the affirmative.
So the rules were suspended, and the House
accordingly resolved itself into theCommitteeof the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Hibbard
in the chair,) and resumed the consideration of
territorial business.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Richardson] withdrew his motion to
take up the bill relating to the organization of the
Territory of Nebraska. The business first in
order is House bill (No. 348) in relation to the
organization of the Territory of Columbia.
Mr. STUART. I move that the first reading
of the bill be dispensed with, and that it be read
by sections as we proceed.
The CHAIRMAN. If there be unanimous con-
sent, that suggestion will be adopted. The Chair
hears no objection, and the Clerk will read the
bill by sections.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Believing that the
House are not prepared to make another territo-
rial government in Oregon at this time, there not
being, as I suppose, sufficient population for two
Territories, ana with a view to economize time, I
move to lay aside this bill, and report it to the
