1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
541
House with a recommendation that it do not pass.
If that motion should be negatived, then we can
go on and perfect the bill in all its details.
Mr. LANE. It is painful for me, at anytime,
to differ with the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Jones] upon any measure.
Mr. JONES. If any gentleman has objection to
its being tested now, I will withdraw the motion.
You have dispensed with the first reading, and
this is a reading in detail.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of the opin-
ion that it is not competent for the committee to
vary the rules, and any gentleman may object to
suspending the rules.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I am against the prop-
osition of the gentleman from Tennessee to reject
the bill, but I am willing that the question shall
be tested. As it is the object of the gentleman
from Tennessee to economize time, if the House
are not disposed to pass the bill, we may as well
know it now as at any other time, and the motion
of the gentleman from Tennessee is a proper one
to test the sense of the House.
Mr. LANE. Mr. Chairman, before the ques-
tion is taken upon the motion of the gentleman
from Tennessee, I beg theindulgence of the House
while I present to the consideration of the com-
mittee a few of the many reasons why, in my
opinion, this bill should meet the concurrence of
the House. The territory proposed to be divided
by the provisions of this bill, and out of which is
proposed to be organized the Territory of Colum-
bia, embraces a district of country equal in extent
to that embraced within the boundaries of Ohio,
Indiana, Illinois, Missouri, Iowa, Wisconsin, and
Arkansas. And even with the division as pro-
posed by the terms of the bill now under consid-
eration, either of the two Territories—Oregon or
Columbia—would contain a broad expanse of coun-
try, four times as large as that of the great State
of Ohio, a State that within the short period of
half a century has acquired a population of more
than two millions inhabitants.
The line of boundary between these two Terri-
tories Js not only natural, so far as geographical
division of the country is concerned, but demanded
by that which seems to be the different, if not con-
flicting, interests of what is now termed North-
ern and Southern Oregon. The face of the coun-
try immediately bordering upon the Columbia,
generally is such as to preclude that profitable set-
tlement and occupation for which the Territory is
so eminently distinguished for some distance upon
either sideof thatstream. Add to this the fact, that
neither the agricultural, manufacturing, or com-
mercial interests of these two sections of Oregon 1
are in any sense necessarily connected, and you j
will perceive the complete and perfect practica- !
bility of the proposed division contemplated by
the terms of this bill. i
Mr. Chairman, this question is at best but a
mere question of time, and it is for the considera-
tion of the House whether they will pass to enact-
ment the provisions of this bill as reported here
nQw, or consign it-to the keeping of a few years at
most in the future. There is no question—there
can be none—that the eventual result will be the
division now proposed for the action of the House.
When we contemplate the immense increase of
population which has everywhere awaited on the
settlement of our western States and Territories—
the unexampled growth ofthe great West, which
seems to increase with magic influence as it each
day extends still further westward, and upon the
Pacific coast, seems to us here almost utterly in-
credible—who will undertake to predict for this 1
district of country we now seek to divide, its des- j
tiny, or what it will be when it shall have endured ;
for half a century, that period of time within j
which Ohio has accumulated her population of1;
millions? It is by no means unreasonable, with
the history of the rapid settlement of California
staring us in the face, to suppose that within the '
reach of the next succeeding generation this dis-
trict of country may subsist a population of five
millions of people; and as a question of political
right, if not of political economy, is it to be sup-
posed that such a state of facts will not demand
the organization of more than a single State gov-
ernment, or that the sovereignty of such a State, !
I mean the people, would find in the Senatorial
representation of a single State the material for
an equitable exercise of power in that body ? i
The agricultural capacities of both sections of
! Oregon are equal to the subsistence of many mil-
! lions of people; the climate is salubrious and emi-
nently healthy, and there is no reason why it
should not eclipse every other western State in the
rapidity of its settlement and the density of its
population.
The main point—the great and important focus
of commercial interest of the Territory proposed
to be organized by this bill—will concentrate at
Puget's Sound, which is one of the safest navigable
inlets in the world. It lies in the middle of the
western limits of northern Oregon, and may be
considered one uninterrupted harbor for near two
hundred miles. The country surrounding this
Sound is rich in the fertility of its soil and in agri-
cultural resources. It abounds in a profusion of
the finest timber in the world—an article there of
extensive export—and an abundance of water
power. Its destiny is that of a great country 
Mr. SKELTON. I should like to ask a ques-
tion. Will the gentleman inform me what the
population of the proposed new Territory will be
in case the division is made ?
Mr. LANE. The population of Columbia in
that case will be quite as great as was that of the
whole of Oregon at the period of its organization
into a Territory.
Mr. Chairman, I desire to add to the remarks I
have already made upon the subject before the
! House, that the Territory of Oregon should, for
1 these and many other reasons I might enumerate,
but which will readily suggest themselves to the
House, be divided as proposed by the reported
bill of the committee.
The bill makes the Columbia river, from its
mouth to a point where the forty-sixth parallel
crosses that river, near Fort Walla-Walla, thence
I on the line of that parallel to the summit of the
Rocky Mountains, dividing the Territory nearly
equal, but leaving, to be sure, the north side some-
what smaller in extent of country than that on the
south. The quality of the soil is essentially the
same on both sides of the river, and either would
make a State, as I before remarked, quite as large
as three or four of that of Ohio, and which would
afford a home for millions of people.
With these facts before us, and upon the least
reflection as to the importance of the protection of
that portion of our country as against any foreign
aggression, that under a state of war would in all
probability fall upon our people in that far-distant
country, is it not the duty of Congress, as it un-
I questionably is the interest of the country, to favor
• the speedy settlement and occupation of that Ter-
i ritory, so as to obviate the necessity which would
! otherwise exist, of immense transportation of
! troops to that country for their protection ? Is it
not the manifest policy of Congress to contribute
by their legislation to the encouragement of the
emigration to, and the settlement of that country ?
: You have done much to conduce to this result by
' the passage of the " donation act," and again this
morning by an amendment to that act, extending
for a period of years its liberal provisions, and
otherwise rendering the act more acceptable to the
hardy pioneer who elects to avail himself of its
provisions. And now, Mr. Chairman, these same
emigrants, looking forward to the bright future
and sure destiny of that immense scope of coun-
try, ask for a division of that Territory, that
when she shall have assumed the proud attitude of
sovereignty, she may do so as two great sister
States of this Confederacy, and thereby command
yonder in the Senate of the United States, as here,
the political representation her numbers and im-
portance entitle her to.
It may be alleged here, and perhaps elsewhere,
that the passage of this bill necessarily creates ad-
ditional expense to the Government. It is true,
sir, that by the organization of this Territory there
will arise an additional expense upon the public
Treasury; but such a consideration must sink into
utter insignificance when compared with the vast
importance of the measure before us. But upon
this point, I beg to assure gentlemen that the rev-
enues that will be collected at Puget Sound alone
will in a very short period of time more than
equal all the expense of the new Territory. This,
however, is a consideration, under the circum-
stances, so palpably unworthy the attention of the
House, that I shall not annoy them with a further
notice of it, but pass to the reading of the memo-
rial of sundry citizens of Northern Oregon, adopted
at a convention held near Puget Sound.
The Clerk read the memorial, as follows:
To the honorable the Senate and House of Representativet
ofthe United States, in Congress assembled:
The memorial of the undersigned, delegates of the citi-
zens of Northern Oregon, in convention assembled, respect-
fully represent to your honorable bodies that it ia the
earnest desire of your petitioners, and of said citizens, that
all that portion of Oregon Territory lying north of the Co-
lumbia river and west ofthe great northern branch thereof,
should be organized as a separate Territory, under the name
and style ofthe "Territory of Columbia."
In support of the prayer of this memorial, your petitioners
would respectfully urge the following among many other
reasons, viz:
1. Tho present Territory of Oregon, containing an area
of three hundred and forty-one thousand square miles, is
entirely too large an extent of territory to be embraced within
the limits of one State.
2. The said Territory possesses a sea coast of six hun-
dred and fifty miles in extent; the country east ofthe Cas-
cade Mountains is bound to that on the coast by the strongest
ties of interest; and, inasmuch as your petitioners believe
that the Territory must inevitably be divided at no very dis-
tant day, they are of opinion that it would be unjust that
one State should possess so large a sea-board to the exclu-
sion of that in the interior.
3. The territory embraced within the boundaries of the
proposed "Territory of Columbia," containing an area of
about thirty-two thousand squtre miles, is, in the opinion
; of your petitioners, about a fair and just medium of terri-
torial extent to form one State.
4. The proposed "Territory of Columbia" presents nat-
l| ural resources capable of supporting a population at least
as large as that of any State in the Union possessing an
11 equal extent of territory.
5. Those portions of Oregon Territory lying respectively
north and south of the Columbia river, must, from their
( geographical position, always rival each other in commer-
; cial advantages, and their respective citizens must, as they
, now are and always have been, be actuated by a spirit of
; opposition.
6. The southern part of Oregon Teiritory, having a ma-
jority of voters, have controlled th^Territorial Legislature,
and Northern Oregon has never received any benefit from
the appropriations made by Congress for said Territory,
i which were subject to the disposition of said Legislature.
7. The seat of the Territorial Legislature is now situated,
by the nearest practicable route, at a distance of five hun-
dred miles from a large portion of the citizens of Northern
Oregon.
8. A great part of the legislation suitable to the south is,
for local reasons, opposed to the interests of the north, and
inasmuch as the south has a majority of voters, and repre-
sentatives are always bound to reflect the will of their
constituents, your petitioners can entertain no reasonable
hopes that their legislative wants will ever be properly re-
garded under the present organization.
9. Experience has, in the opinion of your petitioners,
1 well established the principle, that in States having a mod-
erate-sized territory the wants of the people are more easily
made known to their representatives, there is less danger
of a conflict between sectional interests, and more prompt
and adequate legislation can always be obtained.
In conclusion, your petitioners would respectfully repre-
sent that Northern Oregon, with its great natural resources,
; presenting such unparalleled inducements to emigrants,
j and with its present large population constantlyfind rapidly
| increasing by immigration, is of sufficient importance, in a
j national point of view, to merit the fostering care of Con-
I gress, and its interests are so numerous and so entirely dis-
! tinct in their character, as to demand the attention of asep-
1 arate and independent Legislature.
i Wherefore your petitioners humbly pray that your honor-
i able bodies will, at an early day, pass a law organizing the
district of country before described under a Territorial Gov-
ernment, to be named the "Territory of Columbia."
Done in convention assembled at the town of Monticello,
Oregon Territory, this twenty-fifth day of November, A. D.
1852.
R. J. WHITE, G. N. McCANAHER,
Secretary, Presidentof the Convention,
QUINCY A. BROOKS, JOHN R. JACKSON,
CHAS. S. HATHAWAY, D. S. MAYNARD,
C. H. WINSLOW, F. A. CLARKE,
[And others.]
Mr. Chairman, aside from the seeming reflec-
tions upon the legislative department of the gov-
j ernment of Oregon, and waiving the consideration
: of what is therein represented as sectional strife
1 between the people north and those south of the
' Columbia, I can scarcely hope to add to the causes
I set forth in this memorial, and to what I have
j already remarked in the expectation of influencing
; this House in favor of the passage of this bill. That
j, a single Territory of this Union shotild become a
State embracingan area of over three hundred and
forty-one thousand square miles, and commanding
i a range of sea-coast of over six hundred miles, is
j a proposition so utterly at variance with the inter-
ests of the country, and with every principle of
; right and justice, that I sincerely trust Oregon
may not be the State so admitted into the Confed-
! racy; but that she may be divided as provided for
1 in the bill now under consideration.
I Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. Before the
, question is taken on the motion of the gentleman
! from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones,] I desire to Vnove to
: amend the bill by striking out the word ** Colum-
1 bia,"and inserting " Washington "in lieu thereof,
i. We have already a Territory of Columbia. Thi 
