442
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 8,
District is called Columbia; but we never yet have
dignified a Territory with the name of Washing-
ton.
Mr. LANE. I shall never object to that name.
Mr. STANTON. I have nothing more to say,
except that I desire to see, if I should live so long,
at some future day, a sovereign State bearing the
name of the Father of his Country. I therefore
move to strike out the word " Columbia," where-
ever it occurs in the bill, and to insert in lieu there-
of the word "Washington."
Mr. STUART. Itseemsto me that the amend-
ment is hardly in order at this time. The motion
of the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Jones]
must certainly preclude all amendments until it is
disposed of.
Mr. TAYLOR. What is that motion?
Mr. STUART. It is to reject the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will inform
the gentleman that the question is upon the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Kentucky.
Mr. STUART. The point I make is, that that
amendment is not in order pending the motion to
reject the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understood the
gentleman from Tennessee to withdraw the mo-
tion to reject the bill.
Mr. STUART. The Chair misunderstood the
gentleman from Tennessee.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. When the gentle-
man from Oregon rose to address the committee,
I withdrew the motion that I had made, remark-
ing that if the gentleman from Oregon objected to
the motion, I would withdraw it.
Mr. STUART. The committee certainly un-
derstood it differently.
Mr. STANJ-.Y. Do I understand the Chair to
say that the amendment of the gentleman from
Kentucky is now in order?
The CHAIRMAN. That is the impression of
the Chair.
Mr. STANLY. I hope that amendment will
be adopted 
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, (interrupting.) If
the gentleman from North Carolina does not want
to make a speech, I merely wish to say, that in
order to test the sense of the committee, I will
now renew the motion to lay the bill aside, with
a recommendation that it do not pass, as the gen-
tleman from Oregon has been heard upon the sub-
ject. If the motion fails, we can then go on and
perfect the bill.
Mr. STANLY. I did not yield the floor to the
gentleman from Tennessee for the purpose of
allowing him to make a motion which would cut
off my right to make the remarks which I desire
to submit to the House.
Mr. JONES. I certainly would not do that, if
I had the right.
Mr. STANLY. Of course, if the motion of
the gentleman should be adopted, it would cut off
all further proceedings in relation to the bill. Now,
sir, I hope the amendmait of the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Stanton] will be adopted. There
is something very appropriate in it; and it is a
little singular that this same idea should have oc-
curred to others at the same time. It was but a
moment ago that, without having had any confer-
ence with the gentleman from Kentucky, I made
the suggestion to a gentleman upon my right, that
if this Territory was to be organized, it ought not
to be done under the name of Columbia, but under
that of Washington. We already have a Terri-
tory of Columbia—the District of Columbia—and
if we were to organize this Territory under that
title, it might lead to trouble, especially if there
should be a city of Washington in that State. I
hope, at least, that inasmuch as we already have
a portion of territory bearing the title of Columbia,
we shall not give it to another Territory.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. My reason
for moving the amendment was, that I thought it
would be very appropriate to name a Territory
situated on the distant shores of the Pacific, after
the Father of his Country.
Mr. STANLY. Well, sir, I congratulate the
gentleman from Kentucky upon having made the
motion, and I hope it will be adopted. We have
one Territory of Columbia already, and suppose j
there should be an Alexandria, or a Georgetown, :
or a Washington, in that future Territory of Co- ;
lumbia, it will lead to oqnfusion without serving '
any good purpose. I hope the name will be 1
changed, as suggested by the gentleman from Ken-11
tucky, and that this Territory will be called after
the Father of his Country. There has been but one
! Washington upon earth, and there is not likely to
be another; and, as Providence has sent but one,
for all time, let us have one State named after that
one man, and let the name be Washington. I
hope there will be no objection to the amendment.
Mr. STUART. Before the committee proceed
to the discussion of this amendment, I desire that
we shall rise and adopt a resolution closing debate.
With that view, 1 move that the committee do
now rise.
The motion was agreed to—ayes 85, noes not
counted.
The committee accordingly rose, and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, the Chairman (Mr. Hib-
bird) reported that the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union had, according to order,
had under consideration the state of the Union
generally, and particularly House bill No. 348,
for the establishment of the Territorial Govern-
ment of Columbia, and had come to no resolution
thereon.
Mr. STUART. I desire to submit the ordinary
resolution, that debate in the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union upon House
bill No. 348, shall close in five minutes after its
consideration shall next be resumed.
Mr. FAULKNER. I will ask the unanimous
consent of the House to allow me, in behalf of the
Committee on Military Affairs, to report a bill,
which has been referred to that committee, to pro-
vide for the protection of the Territories of Oregon,
New Mexico, &c.
There was no objection, and
Mr. FAULKNER, by unanimous consent, re-
ported, from the Committee on Military Affairs,
a bill to provide for the protection of the Territo-
ries of Oregon and New Mexico, and the States
of Texas and California; which was referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The question then recurring upon the adoption
of Mr. Stuart's resolution, it was read, as fol-
lows:
Resolved, That all debate in the Committee of the Whole
House on the state of the Union upon bill of the House No.
348, shall cease in five minutes after its consideration shall
again be resumed, if the committee shall not sooner come
to a conclusion upon the same; and it shall then proceed
to vote upon such amendments as may be pending or offered
to the same, and report it to the House with such amend-
ments as have been agreed to by the committee.
! The question was then taken, and the resolution
1 adopted.
! Mr. STUART. I now move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House do now resolve
1 itself into the Committee of the Whole on the state
j of the Union.
j The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended, and the House ac-
cordingly resolved itself into the Committee of the
; Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Hibbard
in the chair,) and resumed the consideration of the
bill for the establishment of the Territorial Gov-
ernment of Columbia, the question pending being
upon theamendment offered by Mr. Stanton, of
Kentucky, to strike out the word " Columbia,"
wherever it occurs in the bill as the name of the
Territory, and to insert "Washington." j
Mr. RICHARDSON. I would suggest to my
friend from Kentucky that the first section of the
bill is now only under consideration, and it would
be better for him to wait till the bill has been read
through, and then offer it so as to apply to the
whole bill.
Mr. STANTON. I presume there will be no ,
objection to its being so understood now. j
- A Member. Of course the amend mentis to be j
applied only to the name of the Territory, and not
to the" Columbia"river. j
Mr. STANTON. Certainly. j
The CHAIRMAN. The first section now be- \
ing under consideration, the amendment can only 1
be considered as applying to the whole bill by ,
unanimous consent. !
There was no objection, and the amendment was ,
so considered; and the question being taken, it was i
adopted. |
Mr. CARTTER. I move to insert between the
words " the" and " Columbia," in the fifth line of
the first section, the words " middle of the main |
channel of the," so that the clause would read: |
" That from and after the passage of this act, all that por- ]
tion of Oragon Territory lying and being south of tha forty- '
! ninth degree of north latitude, and north of the middle of
, the main channel of the Columbia uver, from its mouth to
where ihe forty sixth degrre of north latitude crosses said
[ river, near Fort Walla-Walla, thence with said forty sixth
degree of latitude to the summit of the Rocky mountains,
be organized into and constitute a temporary government,
by the name of the Territory of Washington."
As the bill now stands, the whole river will be-
long to the Territory of Oregon, whereas it ought
to be equally divided between the two Territories.
Mr. LANE. That is a proper amendment. I
hope there will be no objection to it.
The amendment was adopted.
The Clerk then proceeded to read the bill sec-
tion by section for amendment.
Mr. LOCKHART. I move the following as an
additional section, for the purpose of supplying
what seems to be an omission:
Jlwd be it further enacted, That the Territory of Oregon
and the Territory of Washington shall have concurrent ju-
risdiction ovtr all offences committed, where the said river
forms a common boundary between the said Territories.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. STUART. I move that the bill be now
laid aside to be reported to the House.
| The motion was agreed to.
| TERRITORY OF NEBRASKA.
] The next bill in order was Hous#"bill No. 353,
( to establish the territorial government of Nebraska,
j Mr. STUART. I move that, by unanimous
; consent, the first reading of the bill be dispensed
with, and that the Clerk now proceed to read the
j bill by sections for amendment.
There was no objection, and the motion was
agreed to.
i The Clerk then proceeded to read the bill by
sections.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to inquire of the
chairman of the Committee on Territories, [Mr.
Richardson,] what is the effect of this bill, with
regard to the Indian superintendencies for that
section of country? Whether it is to create a new
superintendence, or whether the present superin-
tendents will still continue in charge?
Mr. RICHARDSON. The gentleman from
Alabama is no doubt familiar with the fact in re-
lation to the management of the Indians in these
Territories—that the Governors of the Territories
have vastly more influence over, and can do
more with them than all the superintendents put
together. The effect will be, I think, to create a
new superintendency, however. This bill discon-
tinues no offices.
Mr. HOUSTON. Will the gentleman tell me
who is the superintendent now in charge of these
Indians?
Mr. RICHARDSON. Colonel Mitchell, I
think.
Mr. PHELPS. These Indians are now, I think,
under the St. Louis superintendent, who also has
charge of a portion of the Indians in the State of
Iowa. It is probable that at the next session of
Congress, if this bill should become a law, we
may transfer the duties of the superintendent at
St. Louis to the superintendent of Nebraska and
the others in that region of country, and abolisji
the superintendency at St. Louis altogether; but
I think it would be premature to do it now.
Mr. RICHARDSON. If the superintendency
at St. Louis is to be abolished, I think it should be
done at this session.
Mr. HOUSTON. If I understand the gentle-
man from Missouri, [Mr. Phelps,] then, this bill
will take from the St. Louis superintendent of In-
dian affairs all the Indians except a few in Iowa?
Mr. PHELPS. I will correct, by saying Min-
nesota.
Mr. HOUSTON. Well, Minnesota. I sup-
pose if the Indians outside of this new Territory
which we are about creating, be attached to an-
other superintendency, it will hardly require that
he St. Louis superintendency should be continued
tat all. And in relation to the Indians in the Ne-
braska Territory, if itis true—as I have no doubt
it is—that the Governor of that Territory, from
his connections, caused by his contiguity with
them and his constant association with them,
would have more influence over them than any
superintendent, why not allow the Governor to
have charge over them? Where is the necessity
of having any other superintendent there at all?
Mr. RICHARDSON. In reply to the gentle-
man from Alabama I have to say, that any pro-
vision in relation to conferring an Indian agency
upon the Governor would be very unusual. It is
