1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
543
unusual to provide in these bills for curtailing the I
number of Indian agents. That is a matter which !
belongs to another committee in this House. I
Mr. HOUSTON. I should presume it belongs !
as much to the Indian Committee to create a new
agency as to diminish the number.
After the Clerk had read the seventeenth section
of the bill,
Mr. BROOKS remarked: As I perceive that the
next and last section of this bill proposes to ap-
propriate $50,000 for extinguishing the Indian
title, I avail myself of the opportunity at this
particular time to ask the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Territories [Mr. Richardson] two ques-
tions: First, if any Indian titles ta the land there
have already been extinguished ? and next, if he
can inform the committee what is the probable pop-
ulation—white population 1 mean—of Nebraska?
Mr. RICHARDSON. In reply to the gentle-
man from New York, I would jj*y that by the
treaty of 1825, between this Government and the
Shawnee Indians, a tract of land in this proposed
Territory of Nebraska was set aside for them.
The patent for these lands was issued to them in
1841. Their interest in that land remains to them I
until purchased by the Government, and they are
now demanding the pay from the Government for ;
those lands, and until their title is extinguished,
and also that of another band of Indians of the
same tribe who emigrated from Ohio, we cannot
extend a Territory over them.
Mr. BROOKS. I understand the gentleman,
then, to say, in substance, that the Indian title in ;
this proposed Territory of Nebraska is not yet \
extinguished, and here we are proposing to estab-
lish a new Territory over a region of country to
which the Indian title is not yet extinguished.
Mr. HALL. I would say to the gentleman
from New York, in regard to the Indian title to ;
the Nebraska Territory, that the following will be
found to be the fact: A tract of country, extending
about three hundred miles north and south along
the State of Missouri, and about forty miles wide,
is set aside for the Indians under treaties made be-
tween them and the United States. About twelve
or fourteen thousand Indians occupy this whole
section. There is a strip of country of-about the
same extent, called the neutral country, which is
not occupied by any tribe.
This residue of Nebraska is precisely In the
same situation as was Oregon, Utah, Wisconsin,
Minnesota, and Iowa, when they were organized.
There is no treaty with the Indians of Nebraska,
other than as stated by which the territory is set
apart for them; but they occupy it as the Indians
of Oregon occupy that Territory; and we have the
same right to organize a territorial government
over it as we had over Oregon—precisely the
same right.
Mr, PHELPS. If the gentleman from New
York will allow me, I will say that there is also
a strip of land lying west of the Mississippi river
not now occupied by any Indians. There are
two tracts, one belonging to and occupied by the
Cherokees, the other, and a large one too, which
was set apart for the purpose of placing Indians
upon. All the Indians directly upon the frontier
of Missouri, have been removed there, and from
other portions of this Union. No one of them
were the original occupants of that soil.
Mr. BROOKS. Then, if I understand the gen-
tleman, the Indian titles are not yet extinguished
in any part of this Territory. This proposed Ter-
ritory, it seems, is divided into three classes. The
southern class is pledged Indian territory. The
second class ife neutral ground, the possessory
title to which belongs to the Indians.
Mr. HALL. It does not belong to the Indians,
but to the Government of the United States. The
Government has never recognized the right of the
Indians to it at all.
Mr. BROOKS. Well, the other part, as I un-
derstand, is not occupied by Indians. We have,
then, the fact before the House, that there has been
no actual treaty extinguishing any part of the pos-
sessory title of these Indians to the Territory of
Nebraska.
Now this being ascertained, 1 have to remark,
my other question has not been answered, and
that is: What is the number*>f the white popula-
tion of this proposed Territory?
Mr. HALL. I trust the gentleman who has ,
the floor [Mr. Richardson] will permit me to
answer the question.
By the act of 1834, the whole of the territory
west of the Mississippi river, except the States
of Missouri and Louisiana, and the Territory of ;
Arkansas, was erected into what is called Indian
Territory, and also that portion of the territory
east of the Mississippi river, and not included
within the limits of any State. Under the opera-
tion of that law, our people are not permitted to
enter that territory at all, without a license from
the Executive of this Government, or his agent.
The result is, that there are no people occupying
this territory, except those who are there with the
Government license, not amounting, I believe, to
over five hundred persons. But there are many
who are annually passing through that territory on
their way to Oregon, California, Utah, and New
Mexico—probably fifty or sixty thousand annu-
ally. These people are under the protection of no
law. Murders are every year perpetrated, as
well as crimes of all kinds, and against which
there is no law to protect the weak. If we desire
that the great overland travel from our western
States to our new Territories should be under the ■
protection of law, then it is necessary that we
should at once organize this Territory, and provide ,
for the extinguishment of the Indian title. I
Mr. BROOKS. In reply, I would say to the I
gentleman from Missouri, that may be; and taking
for granted what he says, there is a very good
reason for changing some of the laws of the Uni-
ted States, or for extending the jurisdiction of
Missouri, or for the establishment of some Uni-
ted States jurisdiction over that country, military
or civil; but I believe this is the first time that a
territorial bill has ever been brought before us for
the purpose of establishing a government over a
territory to which the Indian title is not extin-
guished in any part, and over a people who do
not exist there, but who it is supposed will exist
if you first give them a government. ]
Mr. PHELPS. Will the gentleman inform me j
whether any portion of the Indian title to Minne-
sota was extinguished when that Territory was
organized ?
Mr. RICHARDSON. Or to Oregon?
Mr. HALL. Or to Wisconsin, or Utah, or to
any other Territory ?
Mr. BROOKS. Whatever may be the general
facts, about which I shall not stop to dispute here,
there were people certainly in these Territories
before a territorial government was asked for
them; but I have asked gentlemen two or three
times what is the white population of Nebraska,
and I have not been able to receive a definite an-
swer, or at least such an answer as to show there
are enough people there to justify the expendi-
tures of a territorial government. The reply to
me has been, that it is unsafe to travel in that
country, and it is not settled because there is no
government; to which I answer, that this is the first
time that I ever knew of the establishment of a
government without any people to be governed. In
ail other cases of the establishment of a territorial
government, it was first thought necessary to have
a people before you established a government for
them. But here is a costly government to be
established for a people not yet in existence. And
what is the meaning of all this ? Surely it cannot
be just to make offices. Whenever there are a
people there, I will cheerfully vote to give them a
territorial government.
Mr. TOOMBS. The gentleman will allow me
to correct the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr.
Phelps,] in regard to the Territory of Minnesota.
At the time of the admission of Wisconsin into ,
the Union, there was a small portion of the Ter-
ritory of Wisconsin not embraced within the limits
of the present State, upon which there were set- i
tiers, and to which the Indian title had been extin-
guished. This territory was organized into the
Territory of Minnesota. The inhabitants of the .
Territory of Wisconsin, not embraced in the State j
of Wisconsin after it was settled, elected their .
Delegate, and he came here, and at that session of .
Congress the Territory of Minnesota was estab- ,
lished, and the gentleman was admitted as a dele-
gate from that Territory. That is the way the <
Territory of Minnesota was made. So the gen-
tleman is mistaken in stating that the Indian title j
was not extinguished.
Mr. SIBLEY. The gentleman from Georgia
[Mr. Toombs] was essentially correct in his state-
ment. The portion of Wisconsin Territory which .
was subsequently comprised in the limits of Min- 1
| nesota, lies on the east of the Mississippi river,
and a considerable part had been ceded to the Gov-
; ernment by the Indians, some years previous to
1 the organization of the latter Territory. To the
greater part the Indian title had not been extin-
guished, which was the fact with reference to all
the country on the west of the Mississippi; but
the cession of a large tract of the latter has lately
been made by the Sioux Indians to the Govern-
ment. When Minnesota was granted a territorial
■ government, there was a regularcounty organiza-
tion existing on the ceded lands not included in the
; State of Wisconsin. Nevertheless, although such
are the facts so far as Minnesota is concerned, I
trust that Nebraska will be organized at this ses-
sion, whatever dissimilarity exists between the
present condition of that region and that of my
own Territory when it applied for a temporary
government. I am convinced that the country in-
cluded within its contemplated boundary requires
the protection of local laws.
Mr. RICHARDSON. The gentleman from
New York assumes in this "case, that there is no
land in the proposed Territory to which there is
I not an existing Indian title. In that he is mis-
taken. He also assumes that there is not any por-
tion of American citizens there, over whom a gov-
ernment can beextended. In that heis mistaken.
The population included within the limits of this
proposed Territory may not be as numerous as it
was in Minnesota, but it is not much less.
A Voice. What is the population?
Mr. RICHARDSON. It is not over twelve
hundred souls.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. As I suppose
we shall hardly get through with this bill this
afternoon, and as we are to have a night session,
I move that the committee rise.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I trust the gentleman
will not press his motion. We can finish the bill
very soon.
Mr. STEPHENS. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. JOHN W. HOWE. I wish to inquire of
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Giddings,] who I
see in his seat now, and who, I believe, is a
member of the Committee on Territories, why the
ordinance of 1787 is not incorporated in this bill ?
[Laughter.] I should like to know whether he or
the committee were [intimidated on account of the
platforms of 1852? [Laughter.] The gentleman
pretends to be something of an anti-slavery man;
at least I have understood so.
Mr. GIDDINGS. With the permission of the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Richardson,] I
will say to my friend that the south line of this
Territory is 36° 30'. The law authorizing the
people of Missouri to form a State Government,
enacted in 1820, provides in express language—
" That in all that territory ceded by France to the Uni-
ted States under the name of Louisiana, which lies north of
36° 30' north latitude, not included within the limits of the
State contemplated by that act, (Missouri,) slavery and
involuntary servitude, otherwise than for crimps, whereof
the parties shall have been duly convicted, shall be, and is
HEREBY FOREVER PROHIBITED."
This law stands perpetually, and I did not
think that this act would receive any increased
validity by a reenactment. There I leave the mat-
ter. It is very clear that the territory included in
that treaty must be forever free, unless that law bis
repealed.
Mr. JOHN W. HOW E. I should like to know
of the gentleman from Ohio, if he haa not some
recollection of a compromise madesince that time?
Mr. GIDDINGS. That does not affect this
question.
Mr. CARTTER. I rise to a question of order.
I submit that this conversation between the two
gentlemen is not pertinent.
Mr. POLK. They are debating the question
before the House. [Laughter.}
Mr. JOHN W. HOWE. I think I am in or-
der. I rose simply to a question of inquiry.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Pennsylvania propose an amendment?
Mr. JOHN W. HOWE. I do not until I hear
the answer of the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I suppose I have answered
my friend fully. I havegiven hire my views, and
I will add, Mr. Chairmans that I am not in the
habit of agitating these questions of slavery un-i
less driven to it.
Mr. JOHN W.HOWE. I knew that. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. GILDINGS. And I never intend to do
