THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS,PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
32d Congress, 2d Session.
THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 10, 1853.
New Series No. 35.
the Observatory, it having been withheld trom them by an
adverse deeisinn of the Comptroller of the Treasury.
By Mr. STRATTON' : Ten petitions numerously signed
by citizens of New Jersey, lor the est-ibhshment, by Con-
gress. of a railway post road between Philadelphia and New
York. I
Bv Mr. ALLISON": The petition of Washington Porter, |
of Mercer county. Pennsjlvania, for an invalid pension.
By Mr. flAYLORD : Twenty eifilit petitions numerously I
signed by citizens of Ohio, asking tor the establishment of
a post route, commencing at Newark, thence via Jackson-
town, Thornville, Somerset, and Maxville, Perry county,
Logan and Plymouth, in Hocking county, McArthur and
Charleston, in Vinton county, Berlin and jackson, in Jack-
son county, and Sciotoville to Portsmouth, in Scioto county.
By Mr. GREEN : The petition of 93 citizens of Crawford
county, Ohio, asking that the Ohio and Indiana railroad
may have a credit of five years for the payment"! duties on
railroad iron.
EVENING SESSION.
The House met pursuant to adjournment.
The SPEAKER. Reports are in order from
the Committee on Ways and Means.
Mr. VENABLE. Is there a quorum present?
The SPEAKER. There is no quorum present.
Mr. MACE. I presume it is in order for me
to make a few remarks.
The SPEAKER. What is the proposition
which the gentleman desires to discuss?
Mr. MACE. A question of order. I wish the
friends of the measure of simply making reports
from committes—a formal matter, which requires
no particular action in the House—if the proposi-
tion is insisted upon by the gentleman from North
Carolina, [Mr. Venable,] or any one else, may
Bwear the game oath that was sworn in times of
old, that they would never leave this Capitol until
there was a quorum present, and until we are per-
mitted to make our reports.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. I hope the
gentleman from North Carolina will not raise the
question as to whether there is a quorum present
or not. It is unnecessary to consume this even-
ing in a call of the House. For myself, I should
regret the necessity of compelling gentlemen, to
come here who desire not to come. No harm can
come from our making reports, and referring them
to a Committee of the Whole House, or the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and ordering them to be printed. Can any harm
result from that? I am sure that the gentleman
from North Carolina has no fears that any harm
will result from it. I promise the gentleman that
nothing more than that shall be done. I hope the
gentleman will not embarrass the business for
which the House has met, by raising the question
as to whether there is a quorum or not. \
MiCSACKETT. I simply desire to say, that '
the committee next in order to the Committee on
Ways and Means is the Committee on Private
Claims.
Mr. LETCHER. I raise a question of order. !
What is the business before the House?
The SPEAKER. There is no proposition be-
fore the House.
Mr. SACKETT. 1 wish simply to make this
suggestion, that the committee next in order after
the Committee on Ways and Means is called, is
the committee having in charge private bills.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Sackett] is not in order todebateany
proposition.
Mr. VENABLE. As I asked the Chair wheth-
er there was a quorum present, and an appeal has
been made to me, if the House will permit me, I
will simply, in a remark or two, give my reason
for doing so. According to the Constitution of
the United States, and the rules of this House, we
have no right to proceed to business without a
quorum. It is a violation of the Constitution and
a contempt of our rules. At any other time, should
a gentleman mistake a technical usage, fifty points
of order will be raised upon him. I make the point
of order, that it is contrary to, and a violation of,
our legislative propriety, that we shall proceed
without a quorum.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi. I move that j'
there be a call of the House. >
Mr. OLDS. I more that the Houia adjourn. 1
33
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. I demand the
yeas and nays upon that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken, and there were
yeas 9, nays 75; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Averett, Caldwell, Thotifas Y.
How, Andrew Johnson, Landry, Olds, Ward, and Addison
White—9.
X AY S—Messrs. A&ercrombie, Bennett, Bibighaus, Bow-
ie, Bowne, Brenton, Albert G. Brown, Jos. Cable, Cartter,
Chandler, Churchwell, Clark, Clemens, Cobb, Cottman,
Curtis, Daniel, John G. Davis, Dimmick, Doty, Duncan,
Faulkner, Fay, Fitch, Thoni&s J. D. Fuller, Gamble, Gid-
dings, Goodenow, Green, Grow, Hall, Harper, lshani G.
Harris, Haven, Hendricks, Henn, Hillyer, Holladay, Hors-
ford, Houston, Jackson, Robert W. Johnson, Letcher, Lit-
tle, Mace, McDonald, McMullin, McNair, Miller,Millson,
Molony, John Moore, Morrison, Murphy, Nabers, Newton,
Orr, Perkins, Phelps, Porter, Preston, Robbins, Sabine,
Sackett, David L. Seymour, Origen S. Seymour, Sketton,
Stanly, Benjamin Stanton, Stratton, Sweetser, Thurston,
Townshend, Venable, and Watkins—75.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Pending the call of the roli, Mr. CASKIE de-
sired to vote, as he was not within the bar when
his name was called.
Mr. GOODENOW objected.
Mr. BRIGGS asked the unanimous consent of
the House to vote and make a quorum.
Objection being made,leave was not granted.
The SPEAKER. There is a motion pending
for a call of the House, made by the gentleman
from Mississippi, [Mr. Brown.]
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi. 1 desire to as-
certain whether there is a quorum present, and
with that view I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Phelps and
Briggs were appointed.
The question was put, and the tellers reported
—ayes 30, noes 65; no quorum present.
I Mr. HENDRICKS demanded the yeas and
! nays; which were ordered.
Mr. ORR. If a call of the House be com-
i menced, f hope it will be carried through.
The question was then taken, and there were,
yeas 51, nays 56; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Averett, Bowie, Briggs,
Joseph Cable, Caldwell, Chandler,Churchwell, Cobb, L'ar-
by, John G. Davis, Dean, Doty, Eastman, Faulkner, Fay,
Fitch, Goodenow, Gorman, Green, Harper, Isham G. Har-
ris, Haven, Hendricks, Hibbard, Hillyer, Horsford, Hous-
ton.Thomas Y. How,-Letcher,Little, Mace, Millson, Mur-
phy, Nabers, Orr, Perkins, Phelps, Powell, Preston, Robie,
Skelton, Smith, Stanly, Benjamin Stanton, Stratton,Sweet-
ser, Townshend, Venable, watkins, and Yates—51.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Bartlett, Bennett, Bibighaus,
Bowne, Brenton, Albert G. Brown, Cartter, Caskie, Chas-
, tain, Clemens, Cottman, Curtis, Daniel, Dimmick, Dun-
! can, Durfeee, Florence, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Gamble,
I Giddings, Grow, Hall, Henn, Holladay, Howard, Jackson,
| Jenkins, Andrew Johnson, John Johnson, Robert W. John-
: son, Landry, McDonald, McMullin, McNair, Miller, Mo-
lony, John Moore, Morrison, Murray, Newton, Olds, Por-
, ter,Robbins, Russell,Sabine, Sackett, Schoolcraft,Schoon-
' maker, David L. Seymour, Origen S. Seymour, Smart,
! Thurston, Ward, and Addison White—56.
So the House refused to order a call.
Mr. McMULLIN. I move that the House
i adjourn.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, demanded tellers
upon the motion; which wereordered; and Messrs.
; venable,and McMullin were appointed.
! The question was then taken, and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 25, noes 70.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. DEAN. I move that there be a call of the
House, and I hope it will be carried through.
The question was taken, and it was decided in
the affirmative.
So a call of the House was ordered.
The roll was then called, and 118gentlemen an-
swered to their names; as follows:
Messrs. Abercrombie, Allison, Averett, Bartlett, Bell,
Bennett. Bibighaus, Bowie, Bowne, Brenton, Briggs,
Brooks, Albert G. Brown, Joseph Cable, Caldwell, Cartter,
Caskie, Chandler, Chastain, Churchwell, Clark, Cobb,
Cottman, Curtis, Daniel, Darby, John G. Davis, Dean,
Dimmick, Doty, Duncan, Durkee, Eastman, Evans, Faulk-
ner, Fay, Fitch, Florence, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Gamble,
Giddings, Goodenow, Gorman, Green, Grow, Hall, Harper,
Isham G. Harris,Haven, Hendricks, Henn, Hibbard, Hill-
yer, Holladay, Horsford, Houston, Howard, Thomas Y.
How, Jves, Jackson, Jenkins, Andrew Johnson, John
Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, George G. King, Landry,
Letcher, Little, Mace, McCorkle, McDonald, McMullin,
McNair, Miller, Million, Molony, John Moore, Morrison, i
Murphy, Murray, Nabers, Newton, Olds, Orr, Penmman,
Perkins, Phelps, Porter, Powell, Preston, Price, Richard-
son, Robbins, Robie, Russell, Sabine, Sackett, Schoolcraft,
Schoonmaker, Scurry, David L. Seymour, Origen S. Sey-
mour, Skelton, Smart, Smith, Stanly, Benjamin Stanton,
Frederick-P. Stanton, Stratton, Sweetser, Taylor, Thurs-
ton, Townshend, Venable, Ward, Watkins, Addison
White, and Yates.
The following is the list of absentees:
Messrs. Aiken, Charles Allen, Willis Allen, John Ap-
pleton, William Appleton, Ashe, Babcock, David J. Bai-
ley, Thomas H. Bayly, Barrere, Beale, Bissell, Bocock,
Boyd, Bragg, Breckinridge, George H. Brown, Burrows,
Burt, Busby, E. Carrington Cabell, Lewis D. Campbell,
Thompson Campbell, Chapman, Clemens, Cleveland,
Clingman, Colcock, Conger, Cullom, George T. Davis,
Dawson, Disney, Dockery, Dunham, Edgerton, Edmund-
son, Evving, Ficklin, Floyd, Freeman, Henry M. Fuller,
Gaylord, Gentry, Gillmore, Goodrich, Grey, Hamilton,
Hammond, Sampson W. Harris, Hart, Haws, Hascall,
Hebard, John W. Howe, Thomas M. Howe, Hunter, In-
ge^©!!,'James Johnson, Daniel T. Jones, George W.
Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Preston King, Kuhns, Kurtz, Lock-
hart, Mann, Marshall, Martin, Mason, McLanalian, Mc-
Queen, Meacham, Meade, Miner, Henry D. Moore,
Morehead, Outlaw, Andrew Parker, Samuel W. Parker,
Peaslee, Penn, Polk, Reed, Riddle, Robinson, Ross, Sav-
age, Sehermerhorn, Scudder, Snow, Richard H. Stanton,
Abraham P. Stephens, Alexander H. Stephens, Thaddeus
Stevens, Stone, St. Martin, Strother, Stuart, Sutherland,
Toombs, Tuck, Walbridge, Wallace, Walsh, Washburn,
Welch, Wells, Alexander White, Wilcox, Wildrick, Wil-
liams, and Woodward.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi. Thereisaquo-
rum present, and I move that all further proceed-
ing under the call be dispensed with.
Mr. ORR. I will suggest to the gentleman
from Mississippi, [Mr. Brown,] that those mem-
bers who are necessarily absent from sickness or
otherwise, should have the benefit of their excuses
rendered, and the names of those who are absent
for their own pleasure and convenience should ap-
• pear upon the Journal. I hope that the House
will refuse to dispense with all further proceedings
under the call.
The question was taken upon Mr. Brown'•
motion, and it was not agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The roll of absentees willb*
again called over, and gentlemen who have ex-
cuses to make for their absent friends will make
them.
The Clerk called the names of the absentees in
the order in which they appear below, viz:
William Aiken.
Mr. VENABLE. Myfriend.Mr. Aiken, is in
South Carolina, called home on account of sick-
ness in his family. I move that he be excused.
The motion was agreed to, and Mr. Aiken was
excused.
Charles Allen.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Mr. Allen is indisposed.
I called upon him as I came along, and he thought
it would not be prudent for him to go out. I move
that he be excused.
The motion was agreed to.
"Willis
Mr. RICHARDSON. My colleague [Mr. Al-
len] is detained from the House in consequence of
indisposition. He has been in his seat a portion
of the day, but was not able to be here to-night.
I move that he be excused.
The motion was agreed to.
John Appleton. No excuse offered.
William Appleton.
Mr. STANLY. I move that Mr. Appleton
be excused on account of his health. After being
here three hours and a half, it is enough to make
any one of his age and habits sick.
The motion was not agreed to.
William S. Ashe. No excuse offered.
Leander Babcock.
Mr. HOW, of New York. Mr. colleague [Mr.
Babcock] was unable to be in the House to-day,
on account of indisposition. I move that he be
excused.
The motion was agreed to.
David J. Bailet. No excuse offered.
Thomas H. Bayly.
Mr. McMULLIN. My colleague [Mr. Batw]
has been absent from the House several days on
account of indisposition. He ought not to be
here to-night. I move that he be excu ed.
The motion wa  agreed to.
