1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
547
[Mr. More-
and left the
I move that he be
.Tamks T. Morehead.
Mr. STANLY. My colleague
hf id] was indisposed yesteriTay
House to-day quite unwell. 1 ~
excused.
The motion was agreed to.
Dawd Outlaw. No excuse offered.
Andrew Parker.
Mr. DIMMICK. I understand that Mr. Park-
er had been called home in consequence of sick-
ness m his family. 1 therefore move that he be
excused.
The motion was agreed to. j
Svmi'ei, W. Parker.
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. Mr. Parker, of
Indiana, has been in feeble health for some time
past, and I have no doubt that he is detained to-
night from danger to his health on account of ex-
posure and fatigue. I therefore move that he be
excused.
The motion was agreed to.
Charles H. Peaslee. No excuse offered.
Alexander G. Pens. No excuse offered.
William H. Polk. No excuse offered.
Isaac Reed.
Mr. GOODENOW. I understand that Mr.
Reed is detained from the House by indisposition,
and has been quite unwell for a week. He was
in the House only for a short time to-day. I am
satisfied that he is unable to attend this evening,
and I therefore move that he be excused.
The motion was agreed to.
George Read Riddle. No excuse offered.
John L. Robinson. No excuse offered.
Thomas Ross. No excuse offered.
John H. Savage. No excuse offered.
Abraham M. Schermerhorn. No excuse of-
fered.
William W. Snow. No excuse offered.
Zeno Scudder.
Mr. VENABLE. Mr. Scudder is confined to
his bed, and is a very Sick man indeed. I move
that he be excused.
The motion was agreed to.
Richard H. Stanton.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. The gentle-
man from Kentucky, whose name has just been
called, has three reasons for not being present,
which he told me himself. The first is, that inas-
much as this session, by the terms of the resolu-
tion by which it was ordered, is for the purpose
of receiving reports alone, he, having no reports
to make, did not feel it incumbent upon him to be
present. That is the first reason. The second is,
that if he should be present and make reports,
they could not be acted upon at this session of
Congress; they could only be printed, which
would be an expense to the Government, and he,
being a very economical gentlemen, would be un-
willing to incur any such expense to the Govern-
ment. The third excuse is, that it is well under-
stood that the Clerk of the House desires to see
his friends to-night, and the gentleman from Ken-
tucky being disposed to pay all possible respect to
bo distinguished an officer, was desirous of going
there, and therefore could not be present here. 1
move that he be excused.
The motion was not agreed to.
Abraham P. Stephens. No excuse offered.
Alexander H. Stephens. No excuse offered.
Thaddeus Stevens. No excuse offered.
James W. Stone. No excuse offered.
Loms St. Martin. No excuse offered.
James P. Strother. No excuse offered.
Charles E. Stdart. No excuse offered.
Josiah Sutherland.
Mr. DEAN. My colleague [Mr. Sutherland]
has been confined to the house for a day or two,
and was only here about half an hour to-day. He
is rheumatic, and, I presume, is not able to come
out at night. I move that he be excused.
The motion was not agreed to-
Robert Toombs. No excuse offered.
Amos Tuck. No excuse offered.
Daniel Wallace. No excuse offered.
Thomas Y. Walsh.
Mr. BOWIE. 1 am informed thatMr. Walsh
is detained in the city of Baltimore by sickness.
I move that he be excused.
The motion was agreed to.
Henry S. Waj.bridge.
Mr. JENKINS. Mr. Walbuidge was one
of the committee to attend the remains of Mr.
Bueil to the State of New York, and he has not
yet returned. I move that he be excused.
The motion was agreed to.
Israel Washburn, Jun. No excuse offered.
John Welcii. No excuse offered.
Alexander White. No excuse offered.
John A. Wilcox. No excuse offered.
Isaac Wildrick. No excuse offered.
Christopher H. Williams. No excuse of-
fered.
Joseph A. Woodward. No excuse offered.
John Wells.
Mr. SCHOONM AKER. Mr. Wells was also
one of the committee to attend the remains of Mr.
Buell. I move that he be excused.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HALL. I would inquire of the Chair if
there is a quorum present?
The SPEAKER. One hundred and eighteen i
gentlemen answered to their names before the
doors were closed.
Mr. HALL. A quorum being present, the
House can proceed to discharge the business for
which it met. I therefore move that all further
proceedings in the call be dispensed with.
The question was put, and the motion was not
"agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON. If we are hard run for a quo-
rum, there are several gentlemen in the gallery who
came here a very few moments after the doors
were closed. *
Mr. VENABLE. They have all answered to
their names.
Mr. HOUSTON. There are one or two gentle-
men there who came in directly after the doors
were closed. I hope they will be let in.
Mr. ORR. They can be brought in first by the
Sergeant-at-Arms.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Is it in order to make
any further excuses for gentlemen who were not
here when their names were called ?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I desire to make an ex-
cuse for my gallant friend from Arkansas, [Mr.
Johnson,] who is in the gallery, and has made
very great efforts to get here, but has not succeed-
ed. [Laughter ]
Mr. FLORENCE. I consider i'. due to my col-
league [Mr. Ross] to ask that he may be excused
from attendance this evening. It is known to all
those members who are in daily communication
with him, that for a long time he has been quite
in ill health, and I apprehend that he could not get
here this evening. I desire, under these circum-
stances, to ask that the indulgence of the House
may be extended to him. I move that he be
excused.
The SPEAKER. The list of absentees having
been called over, the motion is not regularly in
order, but the Chair will put it to the House.
The question was then put, and the motion was
agreed to, and Mr. Ross was accordingly excused,
j Mr. SACKETT. Doubtless the committees
are very anxious to report, and we have a quo-
rum present now. 1 therefore move that all fur-
ther proceedings in the call be dispensed with, and
upon that I ask for tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
The question was then put, and on a division,
there were—ayes 49, noes 64.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. ORR. Is it necessary that the House
. should pass any order directing the Sergeant-at-
Arms to go after the absentees ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair certainly has no
such power.
Mr. ORR. Then I move that the Sergeant-at-
Arms be directed to bring in the defaulters.
Mr. McMULLIN. I move, as an amendment
to that proposition, that the doors be opened, to
allow gentlemen to come in.
TheSPEAKER. Thepropositionisnotamend-
able in any such manner.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I suppose it
would be in order to amend it by ordering the Ser-
geant-at-Arms to bring in the absentees to-mor-
row morning. He cannot bring them in to-night.
Several Members. Oh ! yes, he can !
The SPEAKER. The right to compel mem-
bers to attend is very clear. The House must
determine for itself whether it will compel them to
attend now or hereafter.
; Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi. They will come
I of themselves in the morning.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the rule
governing the matter.
The Clerk then read the 63d rule, which is as
follows:
" fi3. Upon the call of the House, the names of the mem-
bers shall be called over by the Clerk, and the absentees
noted : afier which, the names of the absentees shall again
tie called over: the doors shall then be shut, and those for
whom no excuse or insufficient excuses are made may, by
order of tho-e present, if fifteen in number, be taken into
custody as they appear, or may be sent for and taken into
custody, wherever to lie found, by spccial messengers to be
appointed tor that purpose."
Mr. STANTON. I desiretosay, with reference
to my amendment, that within my recollection,
since I have been here, an adjournment has taken
place pending a call of the House, and the absent-
ees have been brought up the next morning. I
' think the Speaker must recollect such a case. On
! that occasion, 1 happened to be an absentee my-
self. If we direct the absentees to be brought up
now, we shall have to sit here all night.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Tennessee insist on his amendment?
Mr. STANTON. I do.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi. I wish to pro-
pound a question to the gentleman from Tennes-
see.
Mr. GOODENOW. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Missis-
sippi may be upon the floor to a privileged ques-
tion. The Chair has recognized him, and begs to
hear what he has to say.
Mr. BROWN. The gentleman from Tennessee
says that on one occasion, the Sergeant-at-Arms
arrested him at night and brought him up before
*the House next morning. Now I want to know
what the Sergeant-at-Arms did with him during
the night ? [Laughter.]
Mr. STANTON. I am quite willingto answer
the gentleman's question. The House adjourned
pending the call, under circumstances similar to
those in which we are now placed, and the Ser-
geant-at-Arms notified me to appear in the morn-
ing, which I did, and was fined.
Mr. GOODENOW. I rise to a privileged ques-
; tion. Some time since I moved to reconsider the
vote by which the House refused to excuse Mr.
Appleton of Massachusetts. The question waa
not then put to the House. I now call up the mo-
tion to reconsider.
The SPEAKER. That question was put and
decided in the negative.
Mr. GOODENOW. Well, sir, I move that
the House do now adjourn.
The question was put, and on a division, there
were—ayes 37, noes 66.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. McMULLIN. I hope the House will
now dispense with all the further proceedings in
the call.
[Cries of" Order!" " Order !"]
Mr. McMULLIN. Well, I make that motion.
The question was taken, and the motion waa
disagreed to—ayes 45, noes 58.
Mr. DEAN. I hope the gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Stanton] will withdraw his amend-
ment, for the reason 
[Shouts of " Order!" " Order!"]
Mr. STANTON. I hope I shall be indulged in
a single remark.
[Cries of "No!" "No!"and "Order! 1
Mr. DEAN. I rise to a point of order. I ask
the Chair whether, if the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Tennessee should carry, we could
bring members here at twelve o'clock to-morrow,
that being the time proscribed by law for 
[Renewed cries of'' Ord er!"]
The SPEAKER. In the opinion of the Chair
this is a debatable question.
j Several Members. Then go on with your re-
iHRrks
Mr. DEAN. Ifthe proposition is debatable, then
I desire to say this: I hope the House will not
adopt the amendment of the gentleman from Ten-
: nessee, for the reason that twelve o'clock to-mor-
I row is the time fixed by law for us to meet here
| to count the votes for Presidentand VicePresident.
| I know very welLwhatthe object of the gentleman
•i is in moving the amendment. He is in the same
fix as myself. He has invited a lady to go to a
party, and wants to get off.
Several Voices. Ah!  
Mr. DEAN. But I hope this thing Will be car-
