1853.
THJE CONGRESSIONAJL. GLOBE.
551
of the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Stephens,]
I would suggest, that the general rule of the House,
fixing the hour of twelve of every day for meeting,
does no more than establish an hour, and doe*
not require a meeting to be held every day. But
the resolution of yesterday or the day before,
positively requires the House to meet in the even-
ing, and indicates seven, p. m., as the hour.
If the general rule, not only fixed the hour of
meeting, but also required a meeting to be held
every day, 1 submit that it would be incompetent,
upon mere motion, to adjourn over to a day be-
yond to-morrow. But the resolution not only fixes
the hour of seven, p. m., for meeting, butrequires
a meeting to take place. To decline to meet, there-
fore, upon mere motion, is a departure from the
resolution.
Suppose we should adopt a resolution, that in fu-
ture the House should meet every day; would
not such a resolution disable us, upon mere mo-
tion, to adjourn beyond a day? I think it would.
If, therefore, we have the power to adjourn over
beyond a day, the general rule does not require us
to meet every day.
Mr. EW1NG. This rule also requires that
when *e do meet it shall beat seven o'clock in the
evening; but we are not bound to meet at night at
all.
Mr. WOODWARD. Does not the resolution
fix the hour of meeting in the evening, and, there-
fore, does it not fix an hour within which the
House shall not adjourn? That is the effect of
your resolution.
Mr. CARTTER. I insist that the question is
not debatable.
Mr. MACE. I demand the yeas and nays on
the appeal.
Mr. POLK Would it be in order to move an
amendment?
The SPEAKER. Amendments are not now
in order.
Mr. POLK. I only desire to submit the motion
that a few hundred copies of the proceedings of
last night's session be laid on the tables of mem-
bers, to show the utility of evening sessions.
[Laughter.]
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was taken, and the appeal was laid
on the table.
The yeas and nays were ordered on the motion
that when the House adjourns it be to meet to-
morrow at twelve o'clock.
[A message in writing was here received from
the President of the United States, by M. P. Fill-
more, his Private Secretary.] |
The question was then taken on the motion
that when the House adjourns it be to meet to-
morrow at twelve o'clock; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 91, nays 76; as follows:
YEAS—Messn. Aiken, Allison. John Appleton, Wil-
liam Appleton, Ashe, Averett, Babcock, David J. Bailey,
Barrere, Bocock, Bragg, Brenton, Burrows, Busby, Cald-
well, Lewis D. Campbell, Thompson Campbell,Cartter,
Chandler. Chastain, Churchwell, Cleveland, Clingman,
Colcock, Conner, Cottman,Ciillom,GeorgeT. Davis, Dim-
mick,Edgerton,Ewing, Florence, Henry M. Puller,Thom-
as J. D. Fuller, Goodenow, Gorman, Grey, Hall, Harper,
Sampson W. Harris, Haseall, Haven, Hibbard, Horsford,
Thomas M. Howe, Inc'rsoll, Ives, Andrew Johnson,
James Johnson, George W. Jofies, Georee G. Kins, Pres-
ton King, Landry, Martin, McDonald, McLanahan, Mc-
Mullin, McQueen. Miller, Samuel W. Parker, Peasjee,
Perkins, Polk, Powell, Robbins, Ross, Russell, Schoolcraft,
Schoonmaker, Scurry, David L.Seymour, Smart, Fred-
enck P. Stanton, Alexander H Stephens, St. Martin,
Sweetser, Taylor, Thurston, Toombs, Towshend, Tuck,
Venable, Wallace, Washburn, Watkins, Addison White,
Wilcox, Wildrick, Williams, Woodward, and Yates—91.
NAYS—-Messrs. Bell,. Bennett, Bibighaus, Bowie, Al-
bert G. Brown, Caskie, Clark, Cobb,Curtis Daniel, Darby,
John G. Davis, Duncan, Dunham, Eastman, Edmundson,
Evans, Faulkner, Fay, Fitch, Gamble, Gaylord, Gilmore,
Green, Grow, Hamilton, Isham G. Harris, Haws, Hen-
dncks, Hillyer, Holladay, Houston, John W. Howe, Thom-
as Y. How, Jackson, J. Glancy Jones, Letcher, Little,
Lockhart. Mace, Mann, McNair, Millson, Molony, John
Moore, Morrison, Murphy, Murray, Nabers, Newton,
Orr, Outlaw, Penniman, Phelps, Porter, Preston, Price,
Reed, Riddle, Rohie. Robinson, Sabine, Sehermerhorn,
Origen S. Seymour, Skelton, Smith, Stanly, Benjamin
Stanton, Abraham P. Stephens,Stratton, Strother, Suther-
land, WaUb, Welch, and Alexander White—76.
So the motion was agreed to.
Mr. HALL. I move the usual resolution that
debate be closed on the bill to organize the Terri-
tory of Nebraska in thirty minutes after its con-
sideration shall be again resumed io the Commit- i
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. ORR. The Nebraska bill, has been de-
bated, I believe, only about ten or fifteen minutes,:
and as there was an important question sprung
yesterday previous to the rising of the committee,
I trust the gentleman will extend the time. There
has been no disposition manifested to unneces-
sarily consume the time of the committee, and I
think the time for closing the debate should be ex-
tended to one hour and a half.
: Mr. HALL. I wish to call the attention of the
| eentleman to the fact, that to-morrow is the last
1 day for the consideration of territorial business.
I If the gentleman submits an amendment, 1 shall
\ not object.
j Mr. ORR. I then move that the debate on the
i Nebraska bill be closed in one hour after its con-
j sideration shall be again resumed in the Commit-
i tee of the Whole on the state of the Union instead
of in half an hour.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was adopted
The resolution as amended was then adopted.
Mr. POLK. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
The motirm was agreed to, and the House there-
upon adjourned till to-morrow, at twelve o'clock.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, February 10, 1853.
Prayer by the Rev. James Gallaher.
Mr. RUSK presented the credentials of the Hon.
Sam Houston, elected a Senator by the Legisla-
ture of Texas for six years from and after the third
day of March next; which were read.
OREGON TERRITORY.
The PRESIDENT pro lem. laid before the Sen-
ate a copy of the Laws and Journals of the third
regular session, and the Journals of the special
session of the Legislative Assembly of Oregon;
which were referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message from the President of the United
States was received,by Mr. M. P. Fillmore, his
Secretary, transmitting a communication from the
Secretary of the Navy, accompanied by the first
part of Lieutenant Herndon's report of the ex-
ploration of the Valley of the Amazon and its
tributaries, made by him in connection with Lieu-
tenant Lardner Gibbon, under instructions from
the Navy Department; which was referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. CASS presented a petition of citizens of
Albany, New York, praying that measures may
j be taken to secure to American citizens abroad the
I rights of conscience and of public worship; which
1 was referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions.
j Also, a resolution passed at a meeting of the
| Genesee Congregational Association in favor of
i the interposition of the United States for the pro-
j tection of American citizens in the enjoyment of
religious liberty abroad; which was referred to the i
, Committee on Foreign Relations.
Also, the petition of John McLean and P. Nich-
olas, praying that some further redress than that
afforded by the marine court of New York may
be provided for injured passengers in vessels to
California; which was referred to the Committee i
on Commerce. j
Mr. HAMLIN presented a petition of citizens \
of Maine who served in the last war with Great i
Britain and in the " Aroostook war," praying a
modification of the bounty land law; which was j
referred to the Committee on Public Lands. ' (
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, presented the me- ;
morial of Margaret A. Hanks, Calvin J. Hanks;
and Bettie Hanks, praying that the Secretary of
the Treasury may be directed to pay them the
amount due to them under the act of 29th of July,
1848, for the relief of the Cherokee Indians who
remained in North Carolina; which was referred
to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. UNDERWOOD presented-a petition, of
Rev. Thomas Cleland and others,'prjiyfag that
measures maybe taken to secure to American cit-
izens abroad'the rights of religious worship; which
was referred to the Committee on Foreign -Rela-
tions.
Mr. BUTLER presented a-petition of citizens j
of &ue West and its vicinity, South Carolina, 1
praying that measures may be taken to secure to
American citizens abroad freedom in religious
11 worship; which was referred to the Committee on
; r oreign Relations.
Mr. FELCH presented a resolution of the Le-
gislature of Michigan, requesting its Senators and
Representatives to vote in favor of the enactment
of a law securing, free of charge, one hundred and
sixty acres of land to every landless head of a
family, who shall settle and cultivate the same foV
five years; which was ordered to lie on the table
and be printed.
Mr. DOWNS presented the petition of Edward
G. Fitch, praying an appropriation to test a car-
riage invented by mm to travel on common roads,
plank roads, or railroads; which was referred to
the Committee on Roads and Canals.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, presented the petition of
Maria Stevenson, praying to be allowed the com-
mutation pay to which her husband, George Ste-
venson, was entitled for services as a surgeon's
mate in the general hospital during the revolu-
tionary war; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Revolutionary Claims.
MIDSHIPMEN WELSH AND WELLS.
On motion by Mr. BRODHEAD, the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill for the relief of passed midshipmen
George P. Welsh and Clark H. Wells. It pro-
poses to direct the proper accounting officers of the
Treasury to pay to passed midshipman George P.
Welsh $341 66, and to passed midshipman C.H.
Wells $342 93.
Mr. HALE. For what is this money to be
paid ?
Mr. BRODHEAD. The report states the facts.
It is a bill which has been reported unanimously
by the Committee on Naval Affairs, and if the
Senator from New Hampshire desires to hear the
report read, I have no objection.
Mr. HALE. I merely wish to understand for
what the money is to be paid.
Mr. BRODHEAD. These two midshipmen,
while in the Pacific squadron, were appointed
masters, not knowing of an order which had been
issued from the Navy Department that their ap-
pointments must be first confirmed; and this bill
gives nothing more than what the law would have
allowed if they had been her«.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
RAILROAD TO THE PACIFIC.
Mr. GWIN. I am requested to present the
memorial of the Legislative Assembly of the Ter-
ritory of New Mexico, in favor of tie.eBt^bJiau-
ment of a national railroad from the Mississippi
river to the Pacific ocean. They very briefly give
the reasons why the road in question shotiM"b? lo-
cated so as to pass through New Mexico.' The first
is, that the central position of theTerritery Would
afford facilities, in connecting a road upon "this
route with several railroads which terminate-in-the
west. Secondly, the cheapness of its construc-
tion, because it may be made overa vfeiy direct
: line, without crossing-* single elevatibn.'' ThmHy;
that a road upon" this'route would never -betniJ
| peded by snow; and fourthly, that the whole lmfe
: of the road across New' Mexido would be aMin-
! dantly supplied with excellent-stone coabfor fuel.
They also pray that encouragement may be given
| by Congress for the erection of an- electric tele-
! graph across l!he continent, and that the line may
either pass through New Mexico^ or send off a
braneh to this Territory. -I move that itbe laid'on
the tableland printed; • - -    '• *■
The memorial was laid'on the table-, -and- the
motion to print, it, yfais referred t,p the Committee
on Printing.
-REPORTS FROM A STANDING COMMITTEE.!.
Mr. HAMLIN, from -the Committee- on1 Com-
merce, to which-was referred the bill to artiendaft
act entitled " An act to 'regulate the-collect ton of
duties on imports and tonnage,"approved March
2, 1799,'reported'it with an-amendment. .
He also, from the snme committee j reported-a-
bill- to authorize the erection -of-a marine hospital
at •Burlington, in the State of Iowa; which was'
read and passed to the second reading.1  
AMOS PROCTOR. '
Mr. HAMLl'N. The Cotnrnittee 'oh Commerce,
to which was rfeferred'a joint resolution exprtarm-
