552
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 10,
torv of the act for the benefit of Amos Proctor, I
approved the 17th of June, 1844, have directed me
to report it back and recommend its adoption ; and
I ask the Senate to consider it at this time.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the resolution as in Committee
of the Whole. It proposes to resolve that under
the act for the benefit of Amos Proctor, approved
June 17th, 1844, his legal representatives are enti-
tled to one half of one moiety, being one fourth
of the appraised value, of the goods therein men-
tioned as having been seized and libeled on his
information.
Mr. HAMLIN. I can state in a very few
words the merits of the case. There is a report
accompanying the bill, which was made by the
Committee on Commerce at the last session of J
Congress, and which can be read if desired. Du- (
ring the war of 1812, Amos Proctor^ seized cer-
tain goods on the Canadian frontier, in the State
of Vermont. By the law, he was entitled to half
of a moiety of those goods, when libeled and
forfeited. Afterwards a law passed Congress, to
relieve the goods, and surrender them up to the
owners. Amos Proctor came here and presented
his claim to Congress, stating that by law he
was entitled to the half of a moiety of the goods;
and Congress passed a law granting him one
half of a moiety of the goods. He went to the
Department after the passage of the law, but, by
some strange construction of it, they granted him
but a half of a moiety of the duty on those goods.
During the last session of Congress, this matter
came before the Committee on Commerce, and
they reputed a resolution, unanimously, saying
that the terms of the law of 1844 included a half
of a moiety of the value of the goods, supposing
that, upon the passage of such a resolution, the
accounting officer would pay the amount. Indeed,
I think I can say, and in fact I know, that the
opinion of the Secretary of the Treasury was
that it should be paid; but one of the accounting
officers holds a different opinion, and hence the :
necessity of this resolution. j
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate |
without amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a j
third reading, read a third time, and passed. j
mail and war steamers to china. i
Mr. COOPER submitted the following resolu- |
tion; which was considered by unanimous consent, j
and agreed to: !
Resoled, That the Secretary of the Navy be requested I
to lay before the Senate all the information in his posses- i
sion in relation to the establishment of a line of mail and >
war-steamers between the western coast of the United |
States and the free ports in China, together with his opinion
on the practicability and expediency thereof.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives
was received, by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, announ-
cing that it had concurred'in the resolution of the
Senate for the appointment of a joint committee to
wait on Franklin Pierce, of New Hampshire,
and inform him of his election as President of the
United States, and that it had appointed Mr.
George W.Jones, of Tennessee, and Mr. Harry
Hibbard, of New Hampshire, the committee on
their part.
Also, that it had passed the following bills: j
An act to establish the Territorial Government
of Washington; and
An act to amend an act entitled " An act for the
reliefof Joseph Johnston, "approved May 4,1852,
by correcting a clerical error. 1
Also, that it had passed a bill from the Senate,
authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury to issue j
a register to the steamship Albatross.
GEORGE P. SMITH. )
The bill from the House of Representatives for i
the relief of George P. Smith, was read a first and
second time by its title. On motion by Mr. i
BORLAND, the Senate proceeded to consider it1
as in Committee of the Whole. I
It proposes to release George P. Smith, late a '
quartermaster in the Army of the United States, I
from a bond executed by him for the discharge of1
his duties as quartermaster, in consequence of his
having been taken prisoner, and the public prop-
erty under his charge, and his vouchers and pa-
pers destroyed.
Mr. PRATT. I would inquire whether the bill
has been referred to a committee of the Senate ?
Mr. BORLAND. I will answer the Senator.
The bill was passed unanimously by the House
of Representatives on Monday, and it has been
considered informally by the members of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs of the Senate. I have
consulted with the chairman of that committee,
and he is perfectly in favor of it, and we should re-
port it back as soon as possible, if it were referred;
but it being a matter of pressing consequence,
I hope it will pass without that reference. There
is no necessity for reference, and it will only con- ■
sume time, because the Committee on Military i;
Affairs have informally considered the bill.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a (
third time, and passed.
GENERAL RIPLEY.
On motion by Mr. BADGER, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to the con- j
sideration of the joint resolution for the relief of I
Mrs.L. E.L. A. Lawson, sole surviving heiress of !
Genera! Eleazar W. Ripley, deceafed. It pro-
poses to direct the Secretary of War to cause the
accounts of the late General Ripley with the Gov-
ernment of the United States to be audited and
settled, and to cause to be paid to his sole sur-
viving heiress, mentioned in the title of the joint
resolution, such sum as may be found to be due
her late father, according to principles of equity
and justice, not to exceed the sum of $13,720 12,
beingthe balancedueby the United States, as found
by a verdict in favor of General Ripley, at the
May term, 1835, of the district court of the United
States for the eastern district of Louisiana.
Mr. BADGER. I will explain the joint reso-
lution in a few words. An action was brought
by the United States against General Ripley, in
his lifetime, for the purpose of recovering a sum
of money alleged to be in his hands, and for which
he was a defaulter to the Government. His repu-
tation is known to us all as a gallant officer in the
last war with Great Britain, and he received testi-
monials of the highest character for his gallantry J
and skill. That action was pending against him '
for years, and it bore him down with a continual |
sense of impending disgrace, as a man whose repu- I
tation stood under it cloud, charged with being a I
defaulter to the Government. It was at length
brought to a trial, and the jury found, upon inves- j
tigation of his accounts, that, instead of his being i
a defaulter, there was a large sum of money due i
to him. It is upon the footing of that claim, that
case, and that verdict, that the application is made
in this case for the relief of Mrs. Lawson. The
committee found that there was every reason to
believe that there was a sum due to General Rip-
ley, but the extent and complication of the ac-
counts, and 4he deficiency of the means that we
possesed of entering into an investigation of them,
rendered it impossible that we could arrive at any
( sum with the probability of doing justice to the
Government and to the claimant, and we there-
fore concluded to report a joint resolution directing
! an investigation into his accounts by the Secretary,
and the payment of such a balance as is ascer-
tained to be due, which, in no case, is to exceed
that mentioned in the joint resolution.
Mr. BUTLER. 1 differed somewhat with my
colleagues on the committee in relation to this
claim. I originally drew up a report myself rather
adverse to it. As well as I can understand the
claim, it stands thus: General Ripley was a dis-
bursing officer as well as a commanding general
at New Orleans, and as a paymaster, he had to
disburse a large amount of the public money. He
did not account when he was called upon, and he
! was sued. Several verdicts were rendered, some al-
lowing him one amount, some another, and some
denying him altogether any amount. Finally, a
verdict was given,! believe, byway of set-on, in
his favor, to the amount of $13,726 12; and Mrs.
Lawson, his daughter, petitioned Congress to allow
that amount, on the ground that the jury had found
it in favor of her father. I could not allow that
amount in the report which 1 have submitted, to be
paid to her, because it was not a judgment of the
court. I never can agree that any jury, by a set-off
of that kind, can find for an individual and make it a
poaitivejudgmentofthecourt;neither do my friends
so regard xt; nor could I allow that amount to be
paid her. Having made this statement I shall
make no further objection. If the Senate think
proper to allow it to go to the Secretary of War
to adjust the account*according to equity and
justice, I do not know that I can entirely object.
I was perfectly willing-—and I thought that was
enough—that thfe estate of General Ripley should
be released from all obligations to the Government.
How far, and what may be the true state of his
accounts, is difficult to determine, as also what
was found for him in the other cases.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read a third time, and passed.
CIRCULATION OF SMALL NOTES.
Mr. NORR1S. The Committee on the District
of Columbia have had under consideration House
bill No. 345, to suppress the circulation of small
notes as a currency, in the District of Columbia,
and have instructed me to report back sundry
amendments, which I ask may be printed.
The amendments were ordered to be printed.
Mr. SHIELDS. I hope that bill will be put on
its passage now. Its object is to abolish the law
authorizing small notes in this District, and I
want the amendments to go to the House as quickly
as possible, or it will not pass this session.
Mr. RUSK objected, as he desired to get up
the joint resolution relative to the officers of the late
Texas Navy, and therefore the bill was not passed.
MEXICAN BOUNDARY.
Mr. CLARKE. I offer the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That the Secreta'y of the Interior be directed
to furnish to the Senate, copies of any papers or report*
relating to the Mexican Boundary Commission, and partic-
ularly a report from the Commissioner, which may have
been received since his la t communication to the Senate
upon the subject of said Commission.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. BRIGHT. I move to take up for consid-
eration the bill in relation to the debts of Texas.
It was made the first special order at this session
of the Senate, which has been postponed from time
to time, partly to give place to the very important
bill for the railroad to the Pacific, and partly from
the consideration that the Senator from Maryland
[Mr. Pearce] has been confined to his room by
indisposition. He is now prepared to go forward,
and has his books and papers before him. He
has business that calls him from the city, and he
is anxious to be heard now. I hope there will be
no objection to having the bill taken up, and hear-
ing the Senator make the opening speech. .
Mr. RUSK. I have made the motion to take
up the bill in relation to the Texas navy, which
has been before us several years. I regret much
that I shall be under the necessity of opposing the
motion to procecd to the consideration of the Texas
debt bill. I regretit extremely, for under ordinary
circumstances, 1 should give it the preference of
all other subjects. I expressed myself here more
than a year ago, upon the presentation, by the
Senator from Kentucky, of the petition of some
of the Texas creditors, anxious that the Commit-
tee on Finance should make a report at an early
day, so that the whole matter could be taken up
and discussed. The position that Texas occupies
in thematter has been misunderstood entirely; and
I have, therefore, been anxious, from that day until
this, to have an opportunity to present the case
in its proper aspect. I utter no complaint against
the Committee on Finance. It reported th« bill
at a late hour in the last session, when it was im-
possible for us to discuss it.
I regret extremely to oppose the taking up of
the bill on anotheraccount. There is no Senator,
certainly,to whom I would extend acourtesy more
willingly than to the Senator from Maryland, par-
ticularly since the subject is a matter which has
two sides to it which should be discussed. There
has been, however, a representation, on the part
of the creditors, of the legislative action of Texas,
which deserves to be answered by the facts, and
which I am prepared, when we have time, to an-
swer. The bill which I had the honor of report-
ing from the Special Committee for the construc-
tion of a railroad to the Pacific is the special order,
and, sir, unless we get a vote upon it this week,
it is almost useless to discuss it. It is due to the
country that the Senate should act upon the prop-
osition, and if it is rejected, there is an end to it.
If it is passed by the Senate, it is due to the House
of Representatives that it should go to it in season
to give them an opportunity to discuss its merits,
