1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
555
tion 011 concurring in the amendments of the Com- j
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union to
that hill.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. I ask the
unanimous consent of the House for leave to have
taken from the Speaker's table the bill of the Sen-
ate relating to the warehousing system, in order
that it may be referred for consideration to the
Committee on Commerce. It is the second bill
in order on the table.
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. I object.
Mr. M EACH AM. I rise to the correction of
a clerical error. During the last session a pension
was granted to a man by the name of Johnson,
from the State of Vermont. Through some cler-
ical error the letter " t " was inserted, making the 1
name " Johnston," and by that means that man
lias been kept out of the pension granted him by
the laws of" the land. I now ask that the correc-
tion may be made by means of the following bill:
The Clerk read the title of the bill, as follows:
An act to amend an act entitled ' An act for the relief
of Joseph Johnson,'' approved May 4, 1852, hv correetinir
a clerical error."
The bill was received and read a first and sec-
ond time by its title, and ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time: and having been engrossed,
• it was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BRIGGS. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House for leave to have taken up and
passed the bill from the Senate granting a register
to an American-built steamship.
The SPEAKER. The previous question on 1
the bill to oreamze the Territory of Columbia is
called for bv the gentleman from Michigan.
Mr. STUART. I would be willing to yield to
the gentleman were this not the last day we have
for the consideration of the territorial business.
REGISTER TO THE ALBATROSS.
Mr. BRIGGS. If the gentleman will allow a
brief explanation, I do not think that he will ob-
ject. On the table of the Speaker there is a Sen-
ate bill authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury
to issue a new register to the American-built '
steamship Albatross, which was sold to a British
subject, but afterwards reconveyed to Simeon Dra-
per. Such bills have heretofore been unanimously
passed, and there is now great inconvenience ac- j
cruing from the want of a register for that steam- ,
ship.
Mr. STUART. I shall interpose no objection
to the bill, if it leads to no discussion.
The Clerk then read the title of the bill, as fol-
lows:
"S. No. 603. An act authorizing the Secretary of the
Treasurv jo issue a register to the American-built steam-
ship Albatross."
It was read a first and second time by its title,
and, according to order, read a third time and ,
passed.
TERRITORY OF WASHINGTON. )
Mr. STUART. I now call up for considera- 1
tion the regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is the consideration of the bill to organize the Ter-
ritory of Columbia, which was, day before yes-
terday, reported from the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, with several amend-
ments.
The Clerk reported the title of the bill, as fol-
lows:
" A bill to establish the territorial government of Colum-
bia."
Mr. STANLY. The Clerk has not reported
the title of the bill correctly. It is to organize the
Territory of Washington.
Mr. RICHARDSON. The Clerk has read the
title of the bill correctly. The word "Columbia"
was stricken from the body of the bill wherever it
occurred, and " Washington"substituted; but the
title could not be amended in the committee. It
has to be done in the House. \
The call for the previous question was seconded,
and the main question was then ordered to be put. ,
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. That th e sense of
the House may be tested on the hi!! at this time, I ,
move that it and the amendments be laid upon the
table.
The question was put, and on a division there ,
were—av^« 31 
Mr. STCJART. 1 demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. MoNjur and
Gaylord were appointed. h
The question was taken, and the motion was
decided in the negative; the tellers having reported—
ayes 26, noes 99.
The question was then taken on the following
amendments of the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and they were severally
agreed to:
u t. Strike out, wherever it occurs in the bill, the word
{ Columbia,' ami insert' Washington.
"•2. Insert between the words * the' and ' Columbia,' in
the fifth line of the fust section, the words 4 middle of the
mam channel of the,1 so that the clause would read :
44 That from and after the passage of this act, all that por-
tion ot Oregon Territory lying and being south of the forty-
ninth degree of north latitude, and north of the middle of
tjie main channel of the Columbia river, from its mouth to
where the forty-«ixth decree of north latitude crosses said
river, near Fort Walla Walla, thencc with said forty sixth
degree of latitude to the summit of the Rocky mountains,
he organized into and constitute a temporary government,
1 Jjy the name of the Territory of Washington."
" 3. Insert the following as an additional section :
" And he it further enacted, That the Territory of Oregon
aud the Territory of Washington shall have concurrent ju-
risdiction over all offenses committed, where tlie said river
forms a common boundary between the said Territories."
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time.
Mr. LANE. I desire to inquire whether the
amendments of the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, striking out the word " Co-
lumbia," applies to the Columbia river? Is the
name of that river changed by the force of the
amendments to that of Washington?
[Cries of " No!" " No !" all over the Hall.]
] Mr. LANE. Very well, then; it is understood
i t does not affect the name of the river.
Mr. RICHARDSON. The change of name
, applies to the Territory and not the river.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I understood the
Clerk to report the amendment that the word
" Columbia be stricken from the bill wherever
it occurs, and the word " Washington" substi- |
tuted. |
The SPEA.KER. The word " Washington"
is to be inserted before the word " Territory."
; Mr. STUART. I call for the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
The call for the previous question was seconded,
and the main question was ordered to be put.
i, Mr. JONES. I demand the yeas and nays on
| the passage of the bill.
i The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken, and resulted—
yeas 128, nays 29; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Charles Allen, Wilfis Alien, Allison,
John Appleton, William Applefon, Avereft, Bartlett, Ben-
nett, Bibijrhaus, Bowie, Brenton, Briggs Bu^by, Joseph
Cable, Thompson Campbell, Cartter,Chandler,Churchwell,
Claris Clingman, Cottman, Cullorn, Daniel, Darby, George
T. Davis, John G. Davi«, Dawson, Dimmick, Disney, Doty,
Duncan, Durkee, Edgerton, Evans, Fay, Fickhn, Fitch,
Florence, Floyd, Freeman, Gamble, Gaylord,* Giddings,
Goodenow, Gorman, Green, Grey, Grow, Hall, Harper,
Hart, Hendricks, Henn, Hibbard, Holladay, Horsford, John
W. Howe, Thomas M. Howe,Thomas Y. How, IngersoU,
i Ives, John Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, J. Glancy Jones,
George G. King, Preston Kinsr, Kurtz, Landry, Little. Lock-
hart, Mann, McDonald, McLanahan, McMulhn, McNair,
Meacham, Miller, Millson, Miner, Molony, Henry D.
' Moore, Morrison, Murray, Nabers, Newton, Orr, Samuel
W. Parker, Peaslee, Penn, Penniman, Perkins, Powell,
Preston, Price, Reed, Richardson, Riddle, Bobbins, Robie,
Robinson, Sabine, Sackett, Schermerhorn, Origen 3. Sey-
mour, Skelton, Smart, Smith, Stanly, Benjamin Stan
ton, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Abraham
P. Stephens, Stone, Stratton, Stuart, Bweetser, Tavlor,
Thurston, Townshend. VenahU>, W7ard, Washburn,Welch,
Wells. Addison White, Wilcox, Williams, Woodward, and
Yates—1*28.
NAYS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Barrere, Caldwell, Lewis
D. Campbell, Chastain, Cobb, Coleock, Dockerv, Duo
ham,Gentrv, /shamG. Harris,Sampson W. Harrisj Haven,
Houston, Jackson, James John-on, George W. Jones,
Letcher, Martin, McQueen, John xMoore, Morehead, Mur-
phy, Outlaw, Wallace, Walsh, Watkms, Alexander White,
and WiJdricK—29.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. STUART. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed, and to lay the mo-
tion to reconsider upon the table.
The question was put, and the latter motion
was agreed to.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I move to amend the
title of the bill by striking out the word " Colum-
bia," and inserting "Washington," so as to make
it agree with the body of the bill.
Mr. EVANS. I suppese there would not be
in the whole United States one dissenting voice
upon a question of doing honor to the memory of
George Washington, but I wish, if it is possible,
now—for I was not in the House yesterday when
that name was given to this Territory—to have the
bill altered in that respect, for the single reason
that our geographical nomenclature has become
J such a mass of confusion that it ls^ilmost impos-
sible, when you hear the name of a town, to know
m what part of the world it is, much less to know
in what part of the United States it mp.v be f<>und.
We have perhaps in this country one hundred
counties and towns of the name of Washington.
Mr. STUART. I desire to make a suggestion
to the gentleman. I did not like this change of
name myself; but I saw that a roajotity of the
House were disposed to make it, and there was
; no objection to it. It is impossible in this House
I to restore the name of Columbia, becau.-e the n.ime
is in the entire body of the bill; and I therefore
ask him, as a matter of favor, not to take up the
time of the House, because it is the only day we
have for territorial business.
Mr. EVANS. I know that I cannot make a
change in the entire body of the bill, therefore do
1 wish to make these remarks, strictly in order, in
regard to the title, that they may be read elsewhere
where the bill can be changed. I wish to say, at.
the same time, that I would rejoice to see a State of
the Union called after George Washington; but
as the capital of the nation, a great number of
counties, and a large number of towns in the Union
bear the name, we will have endless difficulties in
the transmission of correspondence; arid I think
it far more proper to avoid the difficulties of geo-
graphical nomenclature by giving to this Territory
some one of the beautiful Indian names which
prevail in that part of the country.
Mr. STUART. If there is any disposition to
discuss this question, I shall call the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. STANLY. I was only about to say that
I do not want any more speeches made to the
Senate.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment to the title of the bill, and it was agreed to.
So the title of the bill was changed to that of
Washington.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I move to terminate all
debate in Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union upon the bill establishing the Territory
of Nebraska.
The SPEAKER. That has already been done,
by fixing one hour.
PUBLIC BUILDINGS IN NEW MEXICO.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I desire to report, from the
Committee on Territories, a bill, which I ask may
be read, and referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, making appro-
priations for the construction of public buildings
in the Territory of New Mexico.
There being no objection, the bill was intro-
duced, read a first and second time by its title, re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, and ordered to be printed.
BINDING OF MAPS.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. Iaminstructed
by the Committee on Printing to report the fol-
lowing resolution:
Rcsolved, That the House Committee on Printing cause
the maps accompanying thereport of the Superintendent of
the Coast Survey to be bound in quarto form, provided that
the cost shall not exceed eighteen cents per volume; and
that they also cause to bebound'the maps accompammi;
the report of the Secretary of the Treasury, on tin' Irs'le ot
the British North American Colonies, in a separate vo'iime,
and «tyle similar to the maps accompanying ttie report of
Foster &. Whitney, as published by the Senate, providt d the
cost shall not exceed twelve and a half cents per volume.
Mr. RICHARDSON. 1 move that the rules of
the House be suspended, and that the House re-
solve itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union upon the special order.
Mr. STANTON. ~ '
one.
The SPEAKER.
a special order.
Mr. STANTON. It seems to me that under
the rules, I have a right to make a report at any
time.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would be bound
to rule as out of order anything proposed to-day,
unless it be territorial in its character, as we are
acting under a special order. If the House refuse
to go into Committee of the Whole on the stete of
the Union, then the resolution of the gentleman
would be in order for the action of the House.
Mr. GORMAN. I ask the unanimous consent
This report is a privileged
W e are actingto-day under
