1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
567
as to all these tribes, violates the spirit of the act
of 1830, pjiJ, as to a large portion of them, vio-
lates the provisions expressly contained in the
treaties, which say that they shall not be incorpo-
rated within any State or Territory. It is con-
tended that this bill provides that they shall not
be brought within this Territory except by their
own consent.
Bat the bill looks to the ultimate extinguish-
ment of all these Indian titles embraced witlyn the
limits of the Territory, and must, as a matter of
course, if it succeeds, result in the total destruc-
tion of the whole Indian policy recommended and
carried out by General Jackson. If the policy set
forth in this bill prevails, one of two events must
necessarily follow: Either these Indians must be-
come citizens, in common with the whites in that
Territory, or the whites will surround them, and
the result will be the final extinction of these
tribes in that Territory, and the defeat of the whole
policy of the Government heretofore pursued with
relation to them.
It seems to me that it is too obvious to admit
of argument that this Territory ought not to be
created at all, for various reasons. In the first
filace, there is not population enough within the
imits prescribed to justify the organization of a
territorial government. But, if it is to be formed
at all, we ought first to have a negotiation with
these Indians, and to make an arrangement by
which they shall be removed to some other coun-
try. Again: if this Territory is to be created, the
limits provided for in this bill are too large, and
would not leave the Indians, for whom we must
provide, room enough to live on, even if they were
to devote themselves to agricultural pursuits ex-
clusively.
It is, therefore, to me perfectly obvious, that in-
stead of fixing the southern boundary at 36° 30',
it should be established at 39° 30'. That would
give to this Territory one hundred and fifty thou-
sand square miles, and which would be territory
sufficient for a very large State, and, at the same
time, it would reserve to the Indian tribes a tract
of country large enough to preserve them from
entire destruction.
Mr. McLANAHAN, (interrupting.) I desire
to ask the gentleman from Texas, if the same pro-
vision did not exist in the organic law of Minne-
sota, into which the Winnebago tribe of Indians
had been removed and now reside? I desire to
call the attention of the gentleman from Texas to
the provisions of that act, and ask him whether any
practical difficulty has occurred from the formation
of a territorial government in that Territory?
Mr. HOWARD. I have not examined the
provisions of that act with any degree of care.
Mr. McLANAHAN. Well, sir, the same pro-
vision exists in reference to that Territory, but I am
not aware that any practical difficulty has resulted
from the introduction of an organic law there.
Mr. HOWARD. The chairman of the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary surely will not contend
that a practical violation of a treaty in one case
will make the same violation in another case legal.
If the treaty provided that these Indians should
not be incorporated within the limits of any Ter-
ritory, and an act of Congress has been passed
incorporating them within the limits of a territo-
rial government, in violation of that treaty, it is
no argument to prove the propriety of violating
our treaties in this instance; and if the act to
which the gentleman alludes could be brought
before the Supreme Court of the United States in
any manner, it would pronounce that act null and
void, and preserve the Indians in their rights se- |
cured by treaty.
Mr. McLANAHAN. I yield to the force of
the gentleman's argument, and I admit there is a
great deal in it. My object was not to embar-
rass him in this matter, but to obtain information,
because I know he is familiar with all subjects con-
nected with territorial governments. But I will
suggest to the gentleman that there is a provision
in the first section of the bill that nothing in the
act shall be so construed as to impair the rights of
persons or property now pertaining to the Indians,
nor shall it interfere with treaties which have 1
been formed there. Now, if this provision of,
law does not confirtn-these Indians in the rights
they now possess, I shall be opposed to the bill
on that ground. My only object in rising was
to ask the gentleman if any practical difficulty had
resulted from the existence of a similar provision
I in relation to Minnesota, and to turn his attention
to this proviso in the bill.
Mr. HOWARD. Well, sii", I cannot see any
beneficial legal effect to be produced from the
proviso specified by the gentleman. You have a
treaty saying that these Indians shall not be in-
corporated within the limits of any territorial
government, and this act provides that they shall
be protected in their rights of person and property.
Why, is it not evident that if you pass this act in-
corporating them in the Territory you are about
to create, you violate the treaty ? If there be any
force in this provision at all, it merely shows that
the law is inconsistent with itself. The treaty
provides that these Indians shall not be incorpo-
rated in any Territory, and it is therefore per-
fectly idle to pass an act incorporating them into a
Territory, and by a proviso in that act, say they
shall not be injured in their property or persons.
Such legislation, in my opinion, cannot have any
legal effect at all. If it has, it is merely delusive.
The practical result will be that this white popula-
tion will immediately surround the Indians; under
the pretended authority of the act they will oppress
them on all sides, and the Indians then must either
become citizens, or they must sell their land and
i emigrate somewhere else. If it is the intention that
they shall be admitted to the benefits of American
citizens, the act ought to so provide, and not leave
the subject open to controversy between the In-
dians and the white inhabitants of the Territory.
If, then, there was no legal objection to the es-
tablishment of this territorial government, there
would still be the objection that it would work the
destruction of the whole policy of the Govern-
ment in relation to the Indians, forcing them to
retire outside this Territory, in order to preserve
their tribal existence, and to enjoy their rights as
a separate people. I object, then, to the passage
of this bill, because, even if there were no legal
objection, it would produce a course of circum-
!, stances which must result in the defeat of the pol-
II icy of the Government, and in a violation of the
1 treaties we have made with the Indians.
It has been stated in reference to one of these
tribes of Shawnees—the Ohio tribe—that there was
no treaty stipulation existing for their benefit, be-
cause they have no land by virtue of the treaty,
under which they emigrated thither. I apprehend
that is a mistake. In the first place, the treaty
with the Missouri portion of the tribe, gave them
a tract of land fifty miles square. They were
|, both one tribe originally, but a portion of the tribe,
in process of time, settled in Missouri, and another
1 portion in Ohio. They were again united by the
j treaties of 1825 and 1831. The treaty of 1825
stipulates that a tract of country fifty miles square
j shall be set apart for the Missouri Shawnees and
' those in Ohio. By the decision of the Supreme
Court of the United States, it has been held that
a title may vest by virtue of an act of Congress,
or by treaty, as well as by patent. Both the Ohio
and Missouri Shawnees were included in the pro-
visions of the treaty of 1825. It has been decided
in a variety of cases, and especially in the case of
Grignorand Astor, that title by an act of Congress
is a higher evidence of title than a patent, which
is a mere ministerial act. Now, the treaty of
1831 stipulates that the Ohio Shawnees shall have
within these fifty miles square one hundred thou-
sand acres when they emigrated, but they did not
ask for a division; they mixed with the whole
tribe; and the reason of their doing so was obvi-
ous, for under the treaty of 1831, they were entitled
to only one hundred thousand, while if they took,
as they had the right to do, under the treaty of
1825, they would receive three hundred and twenty
thousand acres of land. They therefore pursued
that course. The whole tribe settled within the
limits of the grant, numbering about eight hun-
dred, which gives to each Indian about two thou-
sand acres of land; whereas, if the Ohio Shaw-
nees had settled under the grant made in the treaty
of 1831,claiming a division,each one would have
received only about two hundred and fifty acres.
The whole effect of the provision of the treaty
of 1831 was to secure to these Indians at least one
hundred thousand acres of land within the fifty
miles square; but when they arrived within the
territory, they found that they could obtain more
than two hundred thousand, by claiming their
grant under the treaty of 1831, which they con-
cluded to do , as they had the right, and they were
accordingly incorporated as one people with the
Missouri Shawnees. The guarantee of the treaty
of 1831 that the Ohio Shawnees should never be
incorporated within any State or Territory,there-
fore inures to the benefit of the whole tribe, al-
though there was no such provision in the treaty
of 1825 with the Missouri Shawnees.
Mr. McLANAHAN. I wish notto interruptthe
gentleman too often, but I desire to know whether
the policy of the Government, as he understands
it, is, that we can never form any territorial gov-
ernment where lands have been ceded, either by
law or treaty to the Indians, as these lands have
been ceded, which he contends, to certain tribes
of Indians within this Territory ? If so, then no
! more territorial governments can be formed. But
I do not suppose an imaginary line drawn round
this Territory, is an incorporation of this tribe of
i Indians into that Territory, in the sense intended
' by the treaty, when all the rights, privileges, and
! immunities provided for in the treaties with them
are guarantied to them by the organic law of the
Territory, which we are now asked to enact. Oth-
erwise, it must be evident to the gentleman there
can be no territorial government ever established
in that portion of the eminent domain of the Uni-
ted States.
Mr. HOWARD. That does not apply to this
case. The gentleman assumes his premises, and
says that running an imaginary line round this
Territory cannot be a violation of the treaty with
these Indians.' Now, sir, the treaties provide that
these Indians shall not be included within the lim-
its of any State or Territory, and you cannot vio-
late that treaty, nor can you change it without
the consent of the Indians. It requires two par-
ties to make a contraot, and if these Indians do
not come forward and agree to be incorporated
within this Territory, it is perfectly idle to talk of
j doing it without. There is no power in Congress
to violate this treaty and incorporate them.
Why, sir, what was the mischief to be provided
against? What was the object of these treaty
stipulations? It was to prevent the very thing
which you now propose to do. It was to prevent
including these Indian tribes within the limits of
a State or Territory, because that would, in the
process of time, result in their being compelled to
come under the jurisdiction of the laws of that
State or Territory, to the destruction of the tribe
thus incorporated within its limits. Therefore
there is no such thing as saying that the thing can
be done consistently without first obtaining the
consent of the Indians themselves.
J If a line is drawn around them, they are em-
J braced in the Territory, if not specially excepted
| both from its limits and jurisdiction.
Mr. MILLER, (interrupting.) I desire to ask
the gentleman from Texas what construction he
j puts upon the proviso attached to the first section
' of the bill? Now, I understand that this bill not
! only provides that all the rights of person and
j property now pertaining to the Indians shall not
be impaired, but it has also this provision:
j " Provided, That nothing in this act contained shall be
construed to impair the rights of person or property now
pertaining to the Indians in said Territory so long as such
rights remain unextinguished by treaty between the United
States and such Indians, or to include any territory which,
by treaty with any Indian tribe, is not, without the con-
' sent of said tribe, to be included within the territorial
limits or jurisdiction of any State or Territory until said
tribe shall signify their assent to the President of the United
States to be included within the said Territory of Nebraska,
or to affect the authority of the Government of the United
States, to make any regulation respecting such Indians,
their lands, property, or other rights, by treaty, law. or other-
wise, which it would have been competent for the Govern-
ment to make if this act had never passed."
Now, I understand that this provision expressly
excludes the land secured by treaty, to those In-
dians, from the territorial organization or juris-
diction until they shall positively express their
j consent that it shall be done.
Mr. HOWARD. I understand the gentleman;
but that is but to keep the treaty to the ear and
break it to the hope. You declare in the act, that
these Indians shall not be included in the Terri-
tory; but you organize a territorial government
over a country of three hundred and forty thou-
, sand square miles, and include'these Indian tribes
within it, by which you will surround them by a
white population on all sides, and it will result in
the same condition of things as though you had
placed them within the Territory subject to its ju-
risdiction. The act does not make them citizens.
It is apparent that there will always be a struggle
■ between them and the whites, by whom they will
