558
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 10,
be surrounded. The settlers will covet their lands,
ahd constantly encroach upon them, until the In-
dians will be forced to emigrate once more.
Ifsuch a course is not a violation of the treaties
in terms, it is a violation of the spiut of their
provisions, and of the act of 1830. It was the in-
tention of both that this country, or a tract large
enough, should be set aside for the use of these
Itul ans, where they could be free from the en-
cronchments of the white man, and exempt from
the jurisdiction of any State or Territory—could
maintain their own government, laws, and cus-
toms. All of these emigrated tribes have made
great progress in the arts of civilization. They
are all engaged in agriculture, and making prog-
ress in the mechanic arts. They have schools
and churches, and most of them regular govern-
ments. It is evident, that to break them up again,
and drive them from their improvements, will
greatly discourage them, and retard their progress ;
in civilization and government.
Another not lees cogent objection to this bill is,
that it leaves no vacant country for the other
tribes east of the Rocky Mountains and west of
the Mississippi, who must be provided with a
home unless you intend to destroy them. The
Government, after the creation of this Territory,
will have no country left in which they can pro-
Tide them with a home. It is therefore unreason-
able to give this Territory an extent of boundary
large enough for three or four States, and thereby
render it impossible for the Government to pro-
vide a home for these unfortunate people.
Mr. HALL. The gentleman from Texas has
extended the objection which he took to this bill
the other day. Then his objection was, that the
bill included the Shawnee Indians. Now the ob-
jection is that the bill includes, virtually, within
its limits, all the border tribes of Indians, and his
objection is not merely temporary, but it is per-
manent. If the objection amounts to anything at
all, it amounts to this, that the Territory of Ne-
braska shall not only not be organized now, but
that it shall never be organized while the border j
tribes of Indians continue to exist, and that it shall j
never be settled by a white population. j
Now, Mr. Chairman, I congratulate the gentle- '
man from Texas. I must congratulate his con- [
Btituents and the country at large, upon the won- 1
derful change which, the gentleman shows, has
taken place in Texas in regard to the rights of the
Indians. I had supposed, sir, that, according to
Texas politics, and according to Texas morals,
the Indians had no rights whatever. ,
Mr. HOWARD, (interrupting.) The gentle- j
man says that, according to Texas politics, and !j
Texas morals! Sir, it is according to the law of
Spain and Mexico, from whom she derived these
lands and her jurisdiction over these tribes, if she
has any jurisdiction over them, as it is well known
to the gentleman, and to everybody who is ac-
quainted with the history of this subject, that
Spain never recognized any title by occupancy in
these wild tribes. The English Government did
admit a right of occupancy in the Indians to the
countries which they subdued, but they claimed j
the ultimate fee, and the right in the Government ;
only to extinguish the title of occupancy. The
Government of Spain admitted no right of occu- 1
pancy, but claimed the whole fee, and said to the
Indians, that if you become civilized and embrace
the Catholic religion, we will give you land in fee.
This she did under general laws, whenever they
settled upon any spot and took upon themselves
habits of civilized life. The assertion that the
State of Texas has treated with disrespect any
Indian rights is entirely without foundation, and
cannot be supported eitherfrom the history of the
subject, or the Spanish and Mexican laws. Texas
has admitted ail the right in her Indians that ex-
isted at the time of her revolution, under the laws
and usages of the Mexican Government. But the
effect of this bill is to override the law, and destroy
treaty rights. ;
[Here a message was received from the Senate,
by the hands of Asbury Dickius, its Secretary, i
informing the House that the Senate had passed,
without amendment, House bill No. 35fi for the
relief of Captain George P. Smith.
Senate bill No. 615 to confirm the claim of Wil-
liam H. Henderson, and the heirs of Robert Hen-
derson, to five hundred acres of land in the Bas-
trop grant.]
Mr. HALL, (resuming.) It may be as the
gentleman asserts, that, under the Spanish law, j
the Indians were not considered as having any
rights whatever; but I ask the gentleman from
Texas whether a spirit of liberality and enlarged
philanthropy towards the Indians, and upon which
he bases his objection to this territorial bill, ought
not to tell him and the people of Texas, as the
country tells them, that it is a crying shame to
insist upon the old Spanish laws, in order to drive
the Indians from a home where they have lived
from " time whereof the memory of man runneth
not to the contrary."
Mr. HOWARD, (interrupting.) I do not wish
the gentleman to misrepresent me personally. So
far as I am concerned, I have always urged upon
the people of Texas the propriety of setting apart
some country for these Indians, and the records
of the Indian Office show that fact, but that they
have not pursued that course is not a justification
for a violation on the part of the Government of
the United States of its treaty stipulations. These
Indians have no treaty with the State of Texas. \
Mr. HALL. I trust, at any rate, that the gen- '
tleman's influence may be as potential in Texas,
in urging a law to secure to the Indians their
rights, as 1 fear it has been in this House to array
an interest against the organization of Nebraska
Territory, and the protection of our people who
go to Oregon and California every year.
But I wish to suggest to the gentleman from
Texas whether he may not have been influenced
to some degree, unconsciously, to oppose this bill
from considerations of this kind? If the gentle-
man can convince this House and the country that
the Territory of Nebraska shall not be organized,
either at this session or any future session of Con-
gress; if the people of Texas can prevail upon the
Government of the United States to drive the In-
dians of Texas, the Camanches, and other wild
tribes, into the Territory of Nebraska, it may
have the effect of rendering your overland routes
from Missouri and Iowa to Oregon and California
so dangerous that the tide of emigration will have
to pass through Texas—an object which Texas
has most zealously sought to accomplish for many !
years past. j |
In addition to that, if in the course of time a
great railroad should be found necessary from this
part of the continent to the shores of the Pacific, 1
and the doctrine prevail that all the territory west i
of the Missouri is to be a wilderness from this day
henceforth and forever, Texas being settled, the
people of this country will have no alternative
but to make the Pacific road terminate at Galves-
ton, or some other point in Texas.
Now, Mr. Chairman, while I fear that consid-
erations of this kind may have operated some-
what upon the mind of the gentleman from Texas,
I am free to admit that if there is anything in our
treaties with the Indian tribes which would be
violated by the organization of Nebraska Territo-
ry, this bill ought to fall. I do not believe we
ought to violate our treaties with the Indians, or
with foreign countries, and I will, to the best of
my abilities, maintain all treaties, upon the part
of this Government, intact and inviolate.
Now, what is the objection of the gentleman ?
He says that the Territory of Nebraska includes
Indian tribes with whom we have treaties which
provide that they shall not be included within any
organized State or Territory, and that this bill
violates those treaty stipulations. I deny the asser-
tion. I assert that the bill does not include a
single tribe with whom we have any such trea-
ties, and I appeal to the bill itself for the truth of
what I say. The bill in express terms provides
that nothing in this act contained shall be con-
strued to include any territory which, by treaty
with any Indian tribe, is not, without the consent
of said tribe, to be included within the territorial
limits or jurisdiction of any State or Territory
until such tribe shall signify their assent to the
President of the United States.
Mr. SUTHERLAND, (interrupting.) I would
say to the gentleman, that so far from that being
correct, I look upon the section referred to by the
gentleman as an express admission upon the face
of the bill that the point taken by the gentleman
from Texas [Mr. Howard] was well taken. It
is an express admission that we have these trea-
ties with the Indians, and that this bill itself, in
erecting this Territory, is a violation of those trea-
ties. The very words of the provision show it.
The language of the section is:
''Provided, That nothing in this act contained shall be
construed to impair the rights of person or property now
pertaining to the Indians in said Territory, so long as such
rights shall remain unextinguished by treaty between tne
United Slates and such Indians, or to include any territory
which, by treaty Willi any Indian tribe, is not, without the
consent of said tribe, to be included within the territorial
liiiiife. or jurisdiction of any State or Territory, until said
tribe shail dignity their assent to the President ot the United
States to be included within the s.ad Territory of Nebraska,
..r to affect the authority of the Government of the United
States to liyike any regulation respecting such Indians,
their lands, property, or otlier rights, by treaty, law, or
otherwise, whicli it would have been competent to the
Government to make if this act had never passed : Jlnd
proriderl further, That nothing in this act contained shall
be construed to inhibit the Government of the United States
from dividing said Territory into two or more Territories,
in such manner and at such times as Congress shall deem
convenient and proper, or from attaching any portion of
said Territory to any other State or Territory of the United
States."
Now, what are the territorial limits? You have
the boundaries set out in the first section of the
bill. You say the Indian territory is excepted.
It is in words, but will that exception of words
take out that Indian land from the boundaries pre-
scribed in the bill? What is the case then ? You
simply have a section repugnant to the bill itself.
What is the principle which applies to it? It is
that the exception is void, and away go the Indian
rights, and tne section is evidence that the com-
mittee knew it.
Mr. HALL. I can assure the gentleman from
New- York, that the committee knew precisely
what they were doing; they knew that we had
treaties with the Indians, and they intended to re-
spect them. If the gentleman from New York,
and the gentleman from Texas, do not consider
these exceptions sufficiently extensive, all that
they have to do, is to provide a clause extensive
enough to exclude the Indian territory they refer
to from the provisions of the bill. But the com-
mittee thought that the provisions of the bill are
already sufficient to exclude the Indians referred
to by the gentleman from Texas.. It was to ex-
clude those very Indians that the proviso was put
in the bill. In my opinion, it accomplishes that
object. If it does not, adopt an amendment pro-
viding that the Shawnees, the Cherokees, and
the other tribes mentioned by the gentleman from
Texas, shall not be included. It was not the in-
tention of the committee, it was not my intention,
nor is it my intention now, nor will I consent, to
violate any treaty with our Indian tribes.
Mr. Chairman, let us follow out the argument
of the gentleman from Texas, [Mr. Howard.]
His argument is not merely that we shall not or-
ganize this Territory, but that we shall never settle
Nebraska at all. Thatis the effect ofhis argument.
He admits that it leads to that result. Now,
l*t us bring this objection home. Suppose that
in the great State of Indiana, one central county
in that State had been set apart for a particular
Indian tribe, under a provision that it should not
be included within the limits of any State or Ter-
ritory. Would that be a treaty stipulation on
our part that the remainder of the State of In-
diana should never be settled by white men ?
Would that be the scope and meaning of the
treaty ? When you give to the Indians a few hun-
dred acres of land, in the midst of a sea or ocean
of territory, under a stipulation that it shall not
be included within a territorial government, do
you mean that none of that immense ocean of ter-
ritory shall ever be settled by white men? Sir, I
do not perceive that there is any law or common
sense in such a construction.
The gentleman from Texas [Mr. Howard]
entirely misapprehends the reasons upon which
the organization of theTerritory of Nebraska rests.
He states, that Nebraska Territory comprises
three hundred and forty thousand square miles of
land, and that only some four or five hundred
people reside in the Territory; and he says the
wants of these people do not require a territorial
organization. We do not want this bill merely
to protect the inhabitants of Nebraska; we want
it tor other equally important purposes.
I wish the gentleman from Texas would turn
to the map of the United States, and look at the
situation of Nebraska.
I wish the gentleman would also look to the sit-
uation of Oregon, California, and Utah. An im-
mense wilderness of one thousand miles in extent
separates the people on this side of the continent
from those occupying the territory bordering on
the Pacific ocean. How are Oregon and Califor-
