1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL. GLOBE.
559
nia to be protected in time of war if this great
wilderness is forever to remain without settle-
ment ? It appears to me to be a self-evident truth—
one about which there cannot be two opinions—
that if California and Oregon are to remain poi-
tions of this Union, you must extend your line
of settlements from the Missouri river to the sum-
mits of the Rocky Mountains, and continue the
farm, the village, and city of the white man from
ocean to ocean. How is your commerce carried
on with California and Oregon? It is carried on
by the way of Cape Horn, or across the Isthmus
of Panama. And how do your emigrants reach
those sections? They have to pass through the
immense wilderness west of theStateof Missouri,
exposed to all kinds of diseases, the inclemency of
the weather, and the attacks of savage Indians.
There is no house on that great line of travel in
which a sick man can take refuge, or a helpless
woman seek shelter from the storm; and yet the
gentleman says, because we have a treaty with a
few Indian tribes which stipulates that their terri-
tory shall not be included within any territorial
government, that neither now nor hereafter can we
protect that extensive overland route.
We want the organization of the Territory of
Nebraska, then, not merely for the protection of
the few people who reside there, but also for the pro-
tection of Oregon and California in time of war,
and the protection of our commerce, and the fifty
thousand or sixty thousand emigrants who an-
nually cross the plains. These emigrants have
now no protection, and murder, and crimes of
various kinds, are committed among them which
are not and cannot be punished under existing
laws. Establish a territorial government and
judicial tribunals there, and protection will be
afforded them.
The gentleman tells me that the bill violates the
act of 1830. Now, sir, that act does not provide
that this country shall not be included within the
limits of any territory. It provides nothing of the
kind; but it says that the rights of these Indians
shall always be respected; and that is what I want
to do. There is a clause in this act of 1830 to
which I desire to call the attention of the com-
mittee. Its sixth section is in these words:
" Tid be it further enacted, That it shall and may be
lawful for the President to cause such tribe or nation to be
protected, at their new residence, against all interruption
or disturbance from any other tribe or nation of Indians, ftr
from any other person or persons whatever."
Will the gentleman from Texas tell me whether i
it is possible at this time to carry into effect that
act? The crowd of emigrants, to which I have
adverted, every year violates to a greater or less
extent the rights of the Indians. They destroy
their timber, and spread the cholera, small-pox, 1
and measles, and other contagious diseases, among j
them. They subject them to innumerable annoy- j
ances; and you cannot protect these Indians from
encroachments on their rights unless you do what
I have no doubt the State of Texas would wish
were done: establish a decree that no man shall
ever pass through that Territory at all, either in
going to or returning from California and Oregon,
or remove these Indians off the great highways to
the Pacific coast, and settle them as far as possible
from the emigrants who now pass through their
country in crowds. Establish the Territory of
Nebraska, place its government under the direc-
tion of men of character, supported by the laws of
the country, and, if necessary, by military force.
Do that, and in some degree you may expect to
secure these Indians from disturbance.
The gentleman has expressed great anxiety that
the rights of these Indians should not be infringed
on. I desire briefly to call the attention of the
committee to what has, from time to time, been
said by the Indian Department with reference to
these various tribes—a Department in the charge
of men whose duty it is to see that the Indians are
subjected to no injury. Mr. Medill, when Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs, used the following
language with regard to the Indians in the Terri-
tory of Nebraska:
" This great change in disposition and condition has taken
place, to a greater or le=s extent, in all the tribes that have
been removed and permanently settled west of the Missis
sippi. It is true, that portions of some of them enjoyed a i
considerable decree of civilization before they were trans- !
planted; but prior to that event they were retrograding in
all respects; while now,they and others who have been
colonized and confined within reasonable and fixed limits, i
are rapidly advancing jn intelligence* and morality, and in all
tile means and elements of national and individual prosper-
ity; so that belore many years, if we sacredly observe all
our obligations towards tiiem, they will have reached a
point at winch they mil be able to compete with a white
population, and to sustain themselves under any probable
circumstances ot contact or connection with it. If this
great end is to be accomplished,however,material changes
will soon have to be made in the position of some of the
smaller tribes on the frontier, so as to leave an ample outlet
for our white population to spread and to pass towards and
beyond the Rockv Mountains; else, not only will they be
overrun and extinguished, but all may be materially in-
jured."
Here the Commissioner of Indian Affairs (Mr.
Medill) tells you, that unless you do something
with regard to these border tribes of Indians,
which the gentleman from Texas contends must
never be interfered with, unless you remove them
from the great thoroughfares across your plains,
not only will they be overrun and extinguished,
but all will be materially injured. The aggres-
sions on these Indians the last year had reached
such a degree that you appropriated in one of the
appropriation bills >j25,000 as damages to one
tribe alone. This is every year becoming worse
and worse; and yet the gentleman from Texas
says that we are under treaty obligations to never
interfere with them, now or hereafter.
The Commissioner states as follows, with re-
gard to other tribes of Indians:
"Indeed, it would be a measure of great humanity to
purchase out and remove the Omahas and the Ottoes and
Missourias at an early period, particularly the former, who
are a very interesting people, being mild and tractable in
disposition, and much attached to the whites. Were they
in a better position, they might, with proper measures, be
easily civilized, and be made the instruments of imparting
civilization to others. Their proper position would be with
the Osages or Kanzas, as they speak nearly if not quite the
same language, and are probably of the same primary stock.
They are the original owners of the soil, and receive no an-
nuities from the United States; and as they are circum-
scribed in their hunting expeditions by the Sioux and Paw-
nees, they are liable at times to destitution and great suffer-
ing. The Sioux also not unfrequently attack and murder
them in their own country, so that their situation is truly
an unfortunate one. Their country is estimated to contain
from tive to six millions of acres of valuable land, which
could be obtained at this time at a very moderate price;
and so tractable is their character, there would be no diffi-
culty in making ample provision out of the purchase money
for their civilization and improvement. Reasons of a simi-
lar kind exist for buying out and removing at an early pe-
riod, the Ottoes and Missourias, whose affinities of charac-
ter and language are said to be with the loways. The lands
claimed by them are estimated to embrace from two to
three millions of acres. These two measures consum-
mated, the Pawnees all removed north of the Platte, and
the Sioux of the Missouri restrained from coming south of
that river, there would be a wide and safe passage for our
Oregon emigrants, and for such of those to California as
may prefer to take that route, which I am informed will
probably be the case with many."
The recommendations of Mr. Medill have been
repeated by the incumbent Commissioner of In-
dian Affairs, and Mr. Mitchell, the Superintend-
ent of Indian Affairs at St. Louis. They all agree
that if you wish the welfare of the Indians, if you
wish to civilize them and secure them from inter-
ruption and disturbance, you must do something,
and that speedily, for their removal from the great
thoroughfares of California, Oregon, and New
Mexico.
The CHAIRMAN. The time fixed by the
House for the termination of the debate on this
bill has arrived. The gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Richardson,] having reported the bill from
the Committee on Territories, is, under the rule,
entitled to address the committee for one hour.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I will yield a portion
of my time to the gentleman from Missouri. 1
intend to yield also a small portion to the gentle-
man from North Carolina [Mr. Clingman] in
opposition to the bill.
Mr. HALL. Time will not permit me to read
at length the reports of all the Indian officers, with
regard to the condition of these tribes; but I wish
to call attention particularly to what is said by the
agents of the duapaws and Cherokees residing
west of the State of Missouri. Remember, Mr.
Chairman, that the duapaws are one of the tribes
with whom we have treaties, as the gentleman
says, prohibiting us ever buying their lands.
Mr. HOWARD. I said without their consent.
Mr. HALL. The gentleman says that we may
buy with their consent. In the name of common
sense, cannot we then establish a Territory r
Mr. HOWARD. I say that we may, with their
consent, incorporate them into a Territory, but we
cannot change the treaty without their assent.
Mr. HALL. There is no doubt about that,
and for that the Committee on Territories have
provided. The bill provides they shall not, with-
out their consent, be incorporated in a Territory.
I I want to call the attention of gentlemen to the
| pressing necessity to purchase their land, to pro-
tect them, and, if possible, to do something to civ-
ilize them.
Mr. HOWARD. If the gentleman will allow
me. The objection I make is to the organization
of a Territory including within its limits the terri-
tory of these Indians, without their consent, which
is necessary, in the performance in good failh,
on our part, of the treaty obligations. We ought
to instruct the Department of Indian Affairs to
first open negotiations, and secure such a country
as would be sufficient for these Indians, and not
by this proposed legislation violate the treaty.
Mr. HALL. If that be the object of the gen-
tleman, why does he not move to-"strike out the
whole of this bill, excepting the last section, which
provides for what he asks? But I understood the
gentleman to say that we ought never to buy the
Indians' lands.
I will now call attention to what is said by the
Indian agent of the duapaws:
" In view of the expiration of their annuity, they express
themselves deeply concerned. It is a crisis ihey are illy
prepared to meet. They are very poor, and, when the
Government ceases to pay them an annuity, I cannot con-
ceive how they are to subsist. My opinion is that but few
of them will remain in their own country. A large majority
of them, in all probability, will wander off among the wild
Indians of the prairies, and ' the places that now them will
soon know them no more forever.'"
This is one of the Indian tribes the gentleman
says we intend to plunder and curse.
Mr. HOWARD. No, sir.
Mr. HALL. Then this is one of the Indian
tribes we are to wrong by the passage of the Ne-
braska bill. One section of the bill directs the
President of the United States to negotiate treaties
with all of the border Indians who are willing to
sell their lands, for their purchase, either in whole
or in part. The duapaws are, therefore, compre-
hended in that provision—a provision absolutely
necessary to preserve them from starvation.
How is it with the Cherokees ? The Cherokee
country west of the State of Arkansas, where the
greater portion of the Cherokee nation resides,
nobody supposes we will purchase. The Indians
do not want to sell it; but there is what is called
the neutral country, containing eight hundred thou-
sand acres, which the Indian agent says is worth-
less for their purpose. It is west of the district
represented by my friend, [Mr. Phelps,] and the
Cherokees are exceedingly anxious to sell it. Now,
what does the agent say with reference to them ?
He uses the following language :
I " A matter of much importance is now before tho«Cher-
okees—that of selling their neutral land ; it being valuable
fonts mineral purposes, and useless to them as such. This
land borders oil Missouri, and has very few Cherokee lam
ilies upon it. Those would return to the nation proper
very readily, where there is vacant land sufficient for the
use of the Cherokees for years to come. They have in-
structed a delegation to treat with the United States to pur-
chase it; and, unless the United States Government re-
ceive it, I am fearful that the Cherokee government cannot
sustain itself. The money is very much needed by the na-
tion to liquidate the large debt by which it is incumbered,
as well as to defray the expenses of the government. The
last council passed an act to build a jail, which will create
an additional and very necessary expense."
Here, then, the agent of the Cherokees joins his
recommendation with the agent of the duapaws,
that the Government should take measures for the
protection of the Cherokees themselves, and pur-
chase out a part of this very territory which we
wish to organize in the form of a territorial gov-
ernment, and place our own citizens upon it. Yet
the gentleman says, taking this initiatory step by
act of the Legislature—taking this step to buy out
the Indians, is a great wrong and outrage upon the
Indians. I leave it to the committee to deter-
mine—I ask the country to determine who is the
most anxious for the welfare of the Indians, the
Committee on Territories, who desire as far as
possible to comply with the recommendations of
those officers whose duty it is to take care of the
Indians, or the gentleman from Texas,[Mr. How-
ard,] who sets himself resolutely against these
recommendations.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I wish to state one or two
difficulties which I have to the proposition of the
gentleman from Missouri.
Mr. HALL. I am willing to hear the gentle-
man.
Mr. CLINGMAN. It will take me about five
minutes to do it. I wish to be satisfied.
Mr. HALL. Very well.
1 Mr. CLINGMAN. I have listened to the gen.-
