560
THE CONGRESSIONAL* GLOBE.
Feb. 10.
tleman from Missouri, in the hope that he might
remove the difficulties which I nave in regard to
this question. He has not succeeded in doing it,
and unless it can be done, I shall vote against this
bill. As I understand it, this bill, by its provisions,
includes all that territory which necessarily em-
braces a part of the lands upon which the Chero-
kees and other tribes were settled. When they
were removed to that western country and settled
there, there was an express agreement upon the
part of this Government that they never should
be included in any State or Territory. That is the
provision. If we do include them, of a necessity
we violate that provision. There is, however, a
clause in this bill which says that we will not in-
terfere with the rights of these Indians. If the
first clause is to take effect 
Mr. HALL. It says that they shall not be in-
cluded.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I understand all that. But
notwithstanding, the words of the bill will necessa-
rily embrace them. It seems to me that it ought to
be so framed as to except the territory, and the
boundary so arranged as not to embrace any of
these Indians; for if we go on thus, we shall in-
volve ourselves in precisely the same difficulty we
had to contend with in the case of Georgia. You
remember that the Cherokee Indians were em-
braced in Georgia, North Carolina, and Tennessee.
Well, those States, became impatient and finally
called upon Government to remove them, and the
Government did remove them west, at an expend-
iture of some eight or ten millions of dollars. I
believe it has cost us over ten millions of dollars
in all. If you lay off this Territory, embracing
those Indians in its boundary, in a few years we
will create a State. That State will come forward
and call upon the Government to remove the In-
dians, and insist that it shall be put in possession
of this territory, and the Government will be
bound to do it. Then you must remember that
those lands are much more valuable than were the
lands held in North Carolina and Georgia, and the
Indiana are going on and making improvements,
and the result will be, instead of paying ten mil-
lions as an act of justice, perhaps the Government
will have to pay twenty millions to remove these
Indians somewhere else. Why shall we, without
any public necessity, involve ourselves in that
difficulty? If gentlemen choose to lay off the
bounds of a Territory not embracing these Indians,
I am disposed to vote for it. They must remem-
ber if our white people have gone in among the In
dian^that they have gone in express violation of
treaty stipulations, and they have no right to re-
quire us to create a Territory now embracing them.
But I see no necessity, in fact, for creating this
Territory. I understand that its population does
not exceed nine hundred, and is probably less
than six hundred; and setting off a Territory
there will requirean expenditure of nearly $100,000
a year. Some gentlemen say that there is not
more than a population of six hundred there.
If there were six thousand, unless they were all j
thrown together in some part of the Territory, I '
do not think that we should form a separate gov- I
ernment. I understand gentlemen to say that we ;
need this territorial organization to protect our 1
people going to the West; but I do not see much ,
force in it, and I hope the gentleman from Missouri
[Mr. Hall] will explain it. Those hostile In-
dians who are likely to do much mischief will
never examine our statute-book to see whether we
have passed a territorial bill or not. They will
never know that this bill has become a law. Is it
not better to increase thp number of military posts, !
or to encourage the settlements there as we did in i
Oregon, by giving every man who goes and set- I
ties in that country where our people are allowed . j
to settle, a mile square? Offer him, as was done '
in the case of Oregon and Florida, an inducement ,
to go there, and I will vote for a bill of that sort.
I admit, if you get people there you will protect
our emigrants; but itseems to me that the creating
of a territorial government is not the most eco-
nomical mode. I would give a large body of lands
to settlers along those lines of travel, and when- |
ever there is a population to justify it, I would
give them a territorial government; and I am even
willing now, to meet the wishes of its friends, to
vote for it, if you will leave out these Indian
tribes, though I think it rather premature.
Mr. HALL. The chief part of the argument
of the gentleman from North Carolina [Mr.
Cungman] is only a repetition of the argument of
the gentleman from Texas, [Mr. Howard.]
. Mr. CLINGMAN. The gentleman did not
then meet the objection, and I desire to call his
attention to it again.
Mr. HALL. There is a point or two, however,
in the argument of the gentleman from North Car-
olina to which I desire to allude. The gentleman
from North Carolina, [Mr. Clingman,] in the first
place, objects to this Territory because there are
only five or six hundred people settled there. Why
is it that there are not more people there ? Simply
because your laws wilt not let a white man settle
there. Whenever it should go out to the people of
J this country that thesettlers in that Territory shall
have a territorial organization to protect them, I
can assure the gentleman that within three or four
months, there will be thirty or forty thousand
people upon those lands. Our people have re-
spected your laws. They never supposed that
would be a reason why the territorial government
should not be organized; and if the fact that they
respect the laws of their country is to be urged
against granting them what they ask, then I can
assure gentlemen that their respect to the laws will
not continue much longer. The gentleman from
North Carolina, [Mr. Clingman,] however, asks
us how are these people in the Territory of Ne-
braska going to protect emigrants? Why, the
greatest danger to which your emigrants to Oregon
and California are exposed, is not from the In-
dians, but it is from disease, and from the inclem-
ency of the weather. Whenever you put people
there, so that emigrants can find houses where
they can seek shelter from disease and storm,
does not the gentleman see that they will be pro-
tected, and in the only way it is possible to pro-
tect them from dangers of that kind? The gentle-
man says he wants to give six hundred and forty
acres to each settler to settle that Territory. I am
! utterly opposed to such a proposition. I am op-
posed to it, because it requires no such bounty to
; induce people to go there. It is one of the most i
desirable Territories on the face of this continent,
j and it offers greater inducements to settlement,
I than any other part of the Union, California ex-
i cepted. The reason, however, why people do not
I go there is, because your laws will not let them
go there.
As soon as a white man goes into the territory
without alicense from the Indian Department, there
is a company of dragoons to run him out of the
, territory. Just organize your territorial govern-
i ment, and allow individuals to settle in the Terri-
! tory of Nebraska, and they will settle there with
a rapidity which has never been equaled in this
, country, except in the case of California.
Mr. CLINGMAN. The gentleman says that
our people are not allowed to go into that terri-
tory. Is it by treaty with the Indians?
Mr. HALL. It is by the Indian intercourse
act of 1834. That intercourse act does not merely
embrace Nebraska Territory. Let me call the
gentleman's attention to that fact. It embraces all
' of what comprises the new States of Wisconsin,
Iowa, and the Territory of Minnesota. It was a
part of the policy of General Jackson—which has
been alluded to so much to-day—that all of that
country which I have just described should be
forever Indian territory, and beyond the reach of
white settlements, and yet you have organized
Territories, and you have admitted people into all
that region of country, until now two States are
carved out of it, and you are about to forth a third
State.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I will remind the gentle-
man that ever since 1787, this Wisconsin country
! has been under a territorial government.
Mr. HALL. I will remind the gentleman of
another fact. When the act of 1834 was passed,
the Territory of Wisconsin was not established.
The act of 1834 expressly erected it into Indian
Territory, and in 1835 the Territory of Wiscon-
sin was organized, and then shortly afterwards the
Territory of Iowa.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Was there any provision
by which the treaty agreed to include them in a
State or Territory ?
Mr. HALL. No, sir.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Then the cases are not
parallel.
Mr. HALL. There is no provision in any act
of Congress now that we shall not include the ter-
ritory west of Missouri in any State. There are
a few treaties with some Indian tribes, and I pro-
pose to except them in the bill.
Mr. SIBLEY. I will say to the gentleman
from North Carolina that it has been the invari-
able practice of the Government, whenever they
have removed Indians from one region to another,
to guarantee them a perpetual possession of the
country to which they have been removed, but we
have invariably broken it.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Am I to understand be-
cause we have invariably broken every treaty with
the Indians, that we are justified in doing it again?
Mr. SIBLEY. The only reason why I stated
this fact, was because the gentleman from North
Carolina had adverted to the peculiar features in
this case of Nebraska.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I will ask the gentleman
a question.
Mr. HALL. I must go on with my remarks.
I will conclude in five minutes.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I wish merely to ask the
gentleman from Missouri a question. Have we
in any instance, where we agreed by treaty that
we would not include those Indians in any State
or Territory, ever violated such a treaty?
Mr. HALL. I do not suppose we have, and I
trust we never will.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I hope not, and therefore
object to this bill. •
Mr. HALL. I never will go for a bill to violate
a treaty with any Indians, or anybody else. But,
says the gentleman, this will change our entire In-
dian policy. Yes, sir, it will. Does not the gen-
tleman know that since th e act of 1834 was passed,
the condition of the country has been totally
changed? In 1834, Oregon was not settled, and I
suppose a majority of the people of the United
States thought it never would be settled. Since
that time we have acquired a great and powerful
State on the coast of the Pacific, and we have ac-
quired New Mexico, too; but under the Indian in-
tercourse act, that immense country which inter-
venes between Missouri and the summit of the
Rocky Mountains is made a wilderness, and we
are cut off from the great coast of the Pacific. I
appeal to gentlemen of this committee if that
change of the circumstances of the country does
not imperatively demand a change in the Indian
policy of the country? Why, everybody is talk-
ing about a railroad to the Pacific ocean. In the
nanje of God, how is the railroad to be made if
you will never let people live on the lands through
which the road passes ? Are you going to con-
struct a road through the Indian Territory, at the
expense of $200,000,000, and say that no one shall
live upon the land through which it passes?
But this territory is too extensive, says the
gentleman from Texas. I admit that it is exten-
sive. It extends from the forty-third parallel of
north latitude to the parallel of 36° 30' north lati-
tude, and from the Missouri river to the summit of
the Rocky Mountains. It has to be thus extended,
in order to embrace the great line of travel to Ore-
gon, New Mexico, and California. The South
Pass is in latitude 420 30', and hence the territory
has to extend to the forty-third degree of north
latitude.
The reason why this bill fixes 36° 30' as the
southern boundary of Nebraska is, because the
road from Missouri to New Mexico crosses the
line of 36° 30', and therefore you have to run
down to that line to protect that great travel. That
is the reason why the boundaries are so extensive.
Now, I wish to put a question to the committee.
Gentlemen seem to think that it is a sufficient pro-
tection for the people en route to Oregon and Cal-
ifornia, to have a few military posts on the way,
and a few soldiers stationed there. Let me sup-
pose that there was a wilderness extending from
this city across to the valley of the Mississippi.
Would you consider it a sufficient protection to
the people who were passing from the Atlantic
sea-board to the great valley, to have two or three
military posts, with a handful of soldiers at each,
along the line of travel, to protect them against
hordes of Camanches, Black Feet, and other wild
Indians, such as those of the plains? Sir, such
a state of things would not be allowed to continue
even for a few years. You would not let it con-
tinue one single moment longer than was neces-
sary to pass a bill through Congress, and get the
signature of the President to it, to throw popula-
tion into that great wilderness which separated us
valley of the Miamssippi. You would give every
