562
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 10,
tier and who always will be there. They will
protect your settlements from the Indians, and
they will protect your emigrant routes better than
your arm}- can do it. That is the great object in
the passage of this bill.
Mr. Chairman, when the gentleman from Texas
[Mr. Howard] the other day called the attention
of the House to the treaty existing with the
Shawnee Indians, he pledged himself to do what
he failed to do. He said he would satisfy me be-
fore he was through that the statement of facts I
had made was incorrect.
Mr. HOWARD. Oh, no; I did not say that.
I said I would show the gentleman's argument to
be incorrect.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Well, sir, I am ready
to meet the gentleman in his argument or in^ his
statement of facta, and to support my own. The
fentleman says that the Ohio band of Shawnee
ndians held "their title by the provisions of the
treaty of 1825, and not under the treaty of 1831.
Mr. HOWARD. I will state to the gentleman
what was my understanding. The treaty of 1825
provides that these Ohio Shawnees shall have that
land in conjunction with the Missouri Shawnees. |
But the treaty of 1S31 provides that the Ohio
Shawnees shall have one hundred thousand acres
of the land ceded in ihe treaty of 1825. I
A Member. What authority is there that the
treaty of 1825 included both bands of the Shaw-
nees ?
Mr. HOAVARD. The patents granting these
lands settles that matter. They were issued to
both parties.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I stated the other day
that the Shawnee Indians of Ohio were the only
Indians who could claim protection under this
treaty of 1831, or to be exempted from being in-
cluded in a territorial government; that the Mis-
souri Shawnees were not inc'uded in the provision
of that treaty, and I am readjr to prove it. The
Indians themselves, in their petition to Congress
during the last session, from their chiefs and head-
men, say that that nation think they should have
the money received by the Government for their
lands for which they ask, because the Government :
cannot issue a patent for one hundred thousand ,
acres of land under the treaty of 1831, which they
have already ceded to another people. I alleged
on the day before yesterday, that by the patent
these Indians were made tenants in common with
the other band which went from Missouri. But |
I ask the gentleman what right this Government
has in the execution of its treaty, which has un-
dertaken to do a specific thing, to confer upon
them something else than what is provided for in
the treaty ? I ask the gentleman from Texas, if
he undertakes to-day to say that the Government,
by issuing that patent for one hundred thousand
acres of land, making them tenants in common
with another nation, executed that treaty ?
Mr. HOWARD. I will inform the gentleman
that these two treaties are entirely consistent with
each other. The first treaty makes them tenants
in common; the second requires the Ohio Shawnees
to move on this tract of land, and guarantees
them one hundred thousand acres of land. But
when they get within the limits of that tract of
country, they find that by the treaty of 1825 they
get three hundred and twenty thousand instead of
one hundred thousand acres of land, which was
conferred by the treaty of 1831, and they pre-
ferred taking their grant under the treaty of 1625,
as they had an undoubted right to do.
Mr. RICHARDSON. But they say theyjiave
got nothing.
Mr. HOWARD. Where do they say that?
Mr. RICHARDSON. I will refer the gentle-
man to their petition sent here at the last session.
Mr. HOWARD. Well, sir, 1 might as well
state the whole fact. Afterwards they came here,
•where claims are very easily made, and alleged
that the one hundred thousand acres of land which
the Government ceded by the second treaty, was
land for which they had already, in conjunction
with the Missouri band, paid for once; that the
Government had again ceded it to them by the
second treaty for a consideration, and thus they
had been made to pay for it twice over, and asked
that the Government should refund them the
money. The Missouri Shawnees alleged that
they had paid for the land in the first instance, and
therefore asked that the Government should re-
fund the money to them. And thus, by croas-
' petitioning, if I may so express it, they succeeded
i in getting the money refunded to the whole tribe
in common, though, in my opinion, they were not
entitled to it. The money was not due, because
they have the land, and that is precisely what they
stipulated for.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I have succeeded, at
last, in inducing the gentleman to make a satisfac-
tory answer to the charge made that the Govern-
ment has notacted fairly, honorably, and honestly,
with these Indians.
Mr. HOWARD. I have not made that charge.
Mr. RICHARDSON. The gentleman makes
it by his argument, at least, if he did not say it in
so many words, and I count this as a reply to that
portion of his argument, so far as it goes. But
the other great objection the gentleman urges to
the passage of this bill is the expense which it will
involve.
Mr. SWEETSER. With the permission of
the gentleman. If there is anything in the argu-
ment of the gentleman from Texas, [Mr. How-
ard,] this morning, it is that by establishing this
territorial government, we interfere with treaties
made by the Government of the United States with
the tribes of Indians now in that region.
Now, sir, 1 do not care to go into the matter in
detail, but I contend that it was never intended by
these treaties that this Government should part
with the right of eminent domain. The Govern-
ment never ceded to them the right of eminent do-
main and the right to extend territorial laws over
them.
It seems to me, that before the argument of the
gentleman from Texas can be of any avail, it must
be shown that the Government of the United
States conferred upon them a higher right than it
confers upon its own citizens. Sir, they have the
right to occupy this land, and they can hold it in
fee, or they can hold it by any title the Govern-
ment of the United States chooses to give them;
but when the question of jurisdiction, which the
United States never intended to transfer, comes
up, it is for us to determine whether the Goverti-
ment of the United States have ever relinquished
the right of eminent domain over the territory.
That seems to me to be the question, and the only
question in point, so far as the right of Congress
to extend a territorial government over the limits
of the tract of country occupied by these Indians.
In relation to this, the case of the Wyandot In-
j dians, who were settled in Ohio, is a case in point.
I Those Indians occupied a tract of country there
j for a long series of years, and yet, when that
| State was organized into counties, there was no
conflict of jurisdiction, although they continued to
remain within the State and to hold the land within
their boundaries for a long time.
Mr. HOWARD. I desire to say one word in
order to set the gentleman right in regard to this
matter. The act of 1830, which exchanges these
lands, and gives these Indians lands west of the
Mississippi, as well as the treaties assigning lands
to these Indians, passed to each tribe the right of
eminent domain. They passed the title in fee in
several cases, with the limitation placed upon them
that whenever the tribe should cease to exist, or
should cease to occupy the land, it should revert
again to the Government. But there is an express
declaration in the act of 1830, as well as in these
treaties v that these tribes shall not, without their
consent, be incorporated within the limits of a
Territory.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I£ 1 understand the re-
marks of the gentleman from Texas, he says that
by the law of 1830, and by the treaties made under
it subsequent to that time,all the tribes of Indians
settled upon our frontier are independent nations,
over which the Government of the United States
can have no jurisdiction.
Mr. HOWARD. They have one control over
them. They have that control which the General
Government have always exercised over our In-
dian relations; but under the act of 1830, and under
the treaties made since the passage of that act,
' they have parted with all right to the land except
, the right of reversion.-
j Mr. RICHARDSON. The gentleman's argu-
ment cannot stop at a half-way point. It is either
j true that the Government has the right of juris-
! diction, or it is true that some other Power has
I that right. The power must lodge somewhere.
Mr. HOWARD. Certainly it does.
I Mr. RICHARDSON. The gentleman is of
the opinion that it is with the Indians. That is
his argument. That is the tenor of his whole ar-
gument in opposition to this bill. Now, I ask
this House of Representatives if they are prepared
to recognize such a monstrous doctrine, now urged
for the first time in the history of this Govern-
ment, or upon this continent? I repeat, there is
no half-way point in this matter of jurisdiction. It
either lodges with the Government of the United
States or with the Indians.
Mr. HOWARD. The Supreme Court has de-
cided that there is a half-way point, and it is that
distinction which I desire to make. It is true that
we exercise a certain jurisdiction over them, but
when we have passed a tract of territory to them,
we allow them to maintain their tribal existence
within that territory, and to exercise jurisdiction;
over it so long as they continue to occupy it.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I ask the gentleman,
then, in what consists the difference between the
jurisdiction conferred upon the tribes of Indians
west of the Mississippi, and those referred to by
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Sweetser] in that
State? Is there any?
Mr. HOWARD. The sovereignty of the State
of Ohio was vested in her, by her admission into
the Union; but the right of the Indians to any por-
tion of the State of Ohio, under the laws of the
United States and the laws of Ohio, was only
that of occupancy; and when you take that tribe
and transfer it beyond the Mississippi, and guar-
antee to it a certain extent of territory, with a
stipulation that it shall never be brought within
the limits of any State or Territory, then you
change the whole character of its title, and the
whole relation of the tribe to the United States.
The United States has then no control over the
soil, and no control over them, except that which
it exercises over all the Indian tribes.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I have no doubt the
gentleman has made an argument very satisfactory
to himself, but 1 acknowledge that I do not com-
prehend it.
Mr. HOWARD. If the gentleman will read
the decision of the Supreme Court of the United
States, in the case of the State of Georgia, he will
not fail to comprehend it.
Mr. RICHARDSON. If the gentleman's op-
position to this bill did not go further than the
objection which he has urged against it would
seem to imply, instead of presenting the argument
which he has, he would have sought so to amend
the bill as to secure all the objects intended to be
secured by the bill, and would endeavorto promote
its passage. I am very much inclined to the opin-
ion that we can place it in no shape nor form in
which it would secure the vote of the gentleman
from Texas.
Mr. HOWARD. The gentleman is mistaken.
I am willing that he should have the last section
of the bill.
Mr. RICHARDSON. The gentleman from
New York [Mr. Sutherland] assumes that the
very first section of the bill—one which the Com-
mittee on Territories believed, and now think, se-
cures to the Indians all the rights which the Gov-
ernment has guarentied to them—is one which
violates the treaties with them. The conclusion
which the committee, and the one which the gen-
tleman from New York comes to, are very con-
tradictory; and I may as well call the attention of
the committee to the fact, that if this bill is so
framed as to make the eastern boundary of this
Territory only come up to the Indians' lands, or
reservations, or whatever you choose to call them,
as you acquire the title of each tribe of Indians to
a particular line, lying between the States and the
Territories you organize, you would have to pass
an act of Congress to bring that land within the
Territory. This is a pure quarrel about words.
Now, I ask them, what is the difference be-
tween excluding them, as it is done in this bill,
and excluding them by metes and bounds? I will
state to the gentleman a very important one. There
are some of these tribes of Indians with whom we
have no stipulation that we will not extend a ter-
ritorial government over them. With other tribes,
with whom we have made treaties since 1830, we
have such stipulations. Whether they are ex-
cluded or included within the limits of a Territory
under this bill, is a judicial, and not a legislative
question. The provisions are made under our
laws, by which all their rights can and will be se-
eured. If the gentleman from Texas is right, the
