1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
565
amendment, and being put, it was decided in-the
negative.
So the amendment was rejected.
The question next recurred upon the substitute
for the bill proposed by Mr. Jones, ofTennessee.
Mr. ORR. I call for tellers 011 that question.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Jones of
Tennessee, and Gavlord were appointed.
The question was put, and the tellers reported
—ayes 51, noes 77.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I move that the com-
mittee rise, and report the bill.
Mr. ORR. I move as an amendment, that the i|
committee rise and report the bill, with a recom- 'j
mendation that it do not pass. 1
TheCHAIRMAN. TheChair holds that a neg- ;|
ative vote on the motion of the gentleman from Illi- ;
nois, would be equivalent to the motion of the gen- j
tleman from South Carolina.
Mr. ORR. The gentleman from Illinois did not
move that the committee rise and report the bill
with a recommendation that it do pass.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I do not care in what
way it is done. I only want to get the bill into the
House.
The CHAIRMAN. The motion of the gentle-
man from South Carolinawill be received.
Mr. ORR. I ask for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Orr and
Richardson were appointed.
The question was put uport Mr. Orr's motion,
and the tellers reported—ayes 98, noes 30.
So the motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose, *nd tfce Speak-
er having resumed the chair, the Chairman (Mr.
Hibbahd) reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union had, accord-
ing to order, had under consideration the state of
the Union generally, and particularly House bill :
No. 353, to organize the Territory of Nebraska, ;
and had directed him to report the same to the
House, with two several amendments, and with a j
recommendation that the bill do not pass. I
The SPEAKER stated the question to be on j
agreeing to the amendments reported by the Com- j
tnittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I move the previous
question.
The previous question waa^econded, and the
main question was ordered to be now put.
Mr. LETCHER. I move that the bill and
amendments be laid upon the table; and upon that
motion, I call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. ORR. I ask for tellers on the yeas and
nays.
TeHers were ordered; and Messrs. Ashe and
Hall were appointed.
The House was then divided on the call for the
yeas and nays, and the tellers reported—ayes 27, 1
noes 106. |
So (one fifth voting therefor) the yeas and nays
were ordered.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. In order to avoid
a night session, I now move that when the House
adjourns, it adjourn to meet at twelve o'clock to-
morrow.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi. On that motion
f ask for the yeas and nays.
Many Members. " Oh, no !" and " Withdraw
the call."
Mr. STUART. I hope the gentleman from
Tennessee will withdraw his motion until this bill ,
is disposed of.
Mr. JONES. I cannot withdraw it.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was then taken on Mr. Jones's
motion, and on a division, there were—ayes 101,
noes 41.
So the motion was agreed to.
The question was then taken on Mr. Letcher's
motion, and it was decided in the negative—yeas
49, nays 107; aS follows:
YEAS—Mes«rs. Abercrombie, Ashe, Averett, David J.
Bailey, Bocock, Bowie, Brooks. Albert G. Brown, Caskie,
Chastain, Cobb, Colcock, Cottman, Cullom, Daniel, Dock-
ery, Dunham, Edmundson, Sampson W. Harris, Ilaws,
Haven, Henn, Horsford, flnu-Jon, Howard, Thomas M.
Howe, Jackson, George W. Jones, Letcher, McQueen,
Meacham, Meade,Millson, Morehead, Murphy, Orr, Out- 1
Taw, Ross, Sackett, Stanly, Abraham P. Stephens, Strother, !
Sutherland, Venable, Wallace, Walsh, Wilcox, Wildrick, !
and Woodward—49. (
NAYS—Messrs. Charles Allen, Willis Allen, Allison,
William Appleton, Babcock, Barrere, Bull, Bennett, Bib-
ighaua, Breuton, Busby, Joseph Cable, Lewis D. Camp- |
bell, Thompson Campbell, Cartter, Chandler, Clark, Cleve-
land, Clinginan, Conger, Darby, George T. Davis, John G.
Davis, Dawson, Dean, Dimmick, Disney, Doty, Duncan,
Durkee, Eastman, Edgerton, Evans, Ficklin, Fitch, Flor-
ence, Gamble, Gaylord, Giddings, Gilmore, Goodrich,Gor-
man, Green, Grey, Grow, Hall, Harper, Hart, Hendricks,
Hibbard, Holladay, John W. Howe, Thomas Y. How, In-
gersoll, Ives, Jenkins, Andrew Johnson, John Johnson,
J. Glancy Jones, Preston King, Landry, Little, Lockhart, j
Mace, McCorkle, McDonald, McMulhn, McNair, Miller,
Molony, Henry D. Moore, Morrison, Murray, Newton, An-
drew Parker, Samuel W. Parker, Penniman, Perkins,
Phelps, Porter, Powell, Price, Iteed, Richardson, Robbins,
Robie, Sabine, Origen S. Sevmour, Skelton, Smart, Smith,
Benjamin Stanton, Stone, St. Martin, Stratton, Stuart,
Taylor, Thurston, Townshend, Walbndge, Ward, Wash-
burn, Watkins, Wells, Alexander White, Williams, and
Yates—107. |
So the House refused to lay the bill upon the
table. j
The SPEAKER stated the question to be on j
1 agreeing to the two amendments of the bill re-
ported from the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
The first amendment was read as follows:
" In section first, lineeighteen, after the word ' territory,'
insert the following:
" And the said territory shall be excepted out of the
boundaries, and constitute no part of the Territory of Ne-
braska.
" So as to make the section read :
"Provided, Thatnothingin this act contained shall becon-
strued to impair the rights of person or property, now per-
taining to the Indians in said territory, so long as such
rights shall remain unextinguished by treaty between the
United States and such Indians, or to include any territory
which, by treaty with any Indian tribe, is not, without the
consent of said tribe, to be included within the territorial
limits or jurisdiction of any State or Territory, and the said
territory shall be excepted out of the boundaries, and con-
stitute no part of the Territory of Nebraska, until said tribe
shall signify their assent to the President of the United
States, to be included within the said Territory of Ne-
braska," &c.
The amendment was adopted.
The second amendment was then read, as fol-
lows:
" Add as section 19 the following:
"jlnHeit further enacted, That as soon as the Governor
of said Territory of Nebraska shall enter upon the discharge
of his duties as such, the Indian Superintendency at St.
Louis, in the State of Missouri, shall he abolished, and the
duties shall be transferred to and performed by said Gov-
ernor of N ebrask a."
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. HENN. Is it in order to ltiove to amend
the bill by striking out all but the 18th section ?
The SPEAKER. No motion to amend the bill
is in order, the previous question having been
ord ered.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed was sub-
sequently read a third time.
The question then was " Shall the bill pass ?"
Mr. RICHARDSON. I demand the previous
question on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, on a di-
vision—ayes 87, noes not counted.
The main question was ordered to be now put.
Mr. VENABLE. I demand the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
Mr. MOREHEAD. I
yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. McNair and
Gaylord were appointed.
The House was then divided on the demand
for the yeas and nays, and the tellers reported 31
in the affirmative.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HENN. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
The question was taken and it was decided in
the negative.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question was then taken, " Shall the bill
pass?" and it was decided in the affirmative—
! yeas 98, nays 43; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Chas. Allen, Willis Allen, Allison, Bab
yeas
ask for tellers on the
cock, Barrere. Bell, Bibigtinus, Busby, Jos. Cable, Lewis D.
Campbell,Thompson Campbell, Cartter, Clark, Cleveland,
Clinginan, Darby, John G. Davis, Dawson, Dean, Dim-
s inick, Dotv, Duncan, Durkee, Eastman, Edgerton, Evans,
Ficklin, Fitch, Florence, Gamble, Gaylord, Giddings, Gil-
1 more, Goodrich, Gorman, Green, Grey, Grow, Hall, Har-
per, Hart, Hendricks, Hibbard, Holladay, John W. Howe,
1 Thomas Y. How, Ingersoll, Ives, Jenkins, Andrew John-
son, John Johnson, J. Glancy Jones, Preston King, Lan-
dry, Little, Lockhart, Mace, Mann, McDonald, McMnllin,
McNair, Miller, Molony, Henry D. Moore, Morrison, Mur-
ray, Newton, Andrew Parker, Penniman, Perkins, Porter,
Powell, Price,Reed, Richardson, Robhins, Robie, Sabine,
Origen S. Seymour, Skelton, Smart, Smith, Benjamin Stan-
ton! Stone, St. Martin, Stratton, Stuart, Taylor, Thurston,
Townshend, Walbridge, Ward, Washburn, Watkins,
Welch, Wells, Williams, and Yates—98.
NAYS—Mescrg. Abercrombie, William Appleton, Av-
erett, Bocock, Bowie, Brooks, Albert G. Brown, Caskie,
Chastain, Cobb, Colcock,Cottman, Daniel, Dockery, Dun-
ham, Edmundson, Sampson W. Harris, Haws, Haven,
Henn, Horsford, Houston, Howard, Thomas M. Howe,
Jackson, George W. Jones, Letcher, McQueen, Meacham,
Millson, Morehead, Orr, Outlaw, Ross, Stanly, Abraham
P. Stephens, Strother, Sutherland, Venabie, Wallace,
Walsh, Wildrick, and Woodward—43.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I move to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed, and to lay
the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The question was taken upon the latter motion,
and it was agreed to.
[Here a message was received from the Senate,
by the hands of Asbury Dickins, Esq., its Sec-
retary, announcing that the Senate had passed,
without amendment, a bill of the House of the
following title:
H. R. No. 355. An act to change the name of
the steamship Forest City.
And that the Senate also passed a bill and joint
resolution of the following titles:
S. No. 359. An act for the relief of passed mid-
shipmen G. P. Welsh and Clark H. Wells.
And a resolution for the relief of L. E. L. A.
Lawson, sole surviving heir of General Eleazar
W. Ripley, deceased; in which he was directed to
ask the concurrence of the House.]
EXPENSES OF THE CAYUSE WAR.
Mr. LANE. I hold in my hand a bill which
was introduced yesterday. It provides for paying
out an appropriation made two years ago, for ex-
penses incurred in the Cayuse war. The Secre-
tary of the Treasury finds some difficulty in pay-
ing the awards allowed by the commissioners. I
ask that the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union be discharged from the further con-
sideration of the bill, and that it may be put upon
its passage now.
A Member. Read the title of the bill.
The Clerk read the title of the bill, as follows:
" H. R. No. 357. To amend an act entitled ' An act to
amend an act to settle and adjust the expenses of the people
of Oregon, from the attacks and hostilities of the Cayuse
Indians in the year 1847-'48,'approved August21,1852."
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The Governor of
the Territory was added to a Commission, I be-
lieve, by the Territorial Legislature, and in conse-
quence of that, they cannot adjust the accounts
and pay the awards made by the Commission, of
which the Governor was one of the members.
This bill, I believe, has been prepared by the
Secretary of the Treasury, or at the Department,
with a view to enable them to pay those awards.
It makes no appropriation, nor does it divert any
fund from its legitimate object. It is merely to
execute a law heretofore passed.
Mr. STANLY. There is no quorum here to
pass the bill now. If the gentleman from Ten-
nessee will let us have a night session to-morrow
night, I will not object to his bill.
Mr. JONES. It ia not my bill. I have no in-
terest in it, nor do I ask its passage. And I will
tell the gentleman from North Carolina that I shall
not attend a night session to-morrow night.
Mr. LANE. I trust the gentleman from North
Carolina will withdraw his objection.
Mr. STUART. I appeal to the gentleman from
North Carolina to allow the bill to be put in such
a shape that it can be passed to-morrow.
Mr. STANLY. I have no objection to that.
Mr. JONES. If the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union are discharged from the
further consideration of the bill, and we order the
main question upon it, it will come up to-morrow.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection, the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
will be discharged from the further consideration
of the bill.
No objection was made.
The bill was accordingly brought before the
House, the question being upon ordering it to be
engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. STUART. As the gentleman from North
Carolina objects to the bill being put upon its pas-
sage now, on account of there being no quorum
f resent, I wish to make an inquiry of the Chair.
f I enter a motion now to reconsider the vote by
which the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union was discharged from the further con-
sideration of this bill, will it come up to-morrow ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will decide that
question when it arises.
Mr. STUART. Very well, sir; then I move
