1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
567
Sec. 3. jlnd be it further enacted, That the grants made
by this not shall operate as a relinquishment only of the
right of the Vmted Slates in and to the saul premises, and
sliall hi no manner iitt'ect 111e riehts of third persons therein
or to the u-e thereof, but shall be subject to the same ; and
on application by a duly authorized agent of" I tie corporate
auihorities ot the said cities to the Commissioner of the
General Land Office, a patent of relinquishment in conse-
quence of tlie provisions of this act .shall be issued therefor
as in other cases.
Sec. 4. .Ini belt further en acted, That the land orparcel
of laud in the city of llubuque, heretofore set apart and
used by the authorities of said city as a cemetery or burying-
ground, under the act of I'oiure-s of the second of July,
1836, and the act of the third of March, 1847, amendatory
thereof, be, and tiie same hereby is, granted tothe Common
Council ofthe said city ot lluhuque, to make such disposi-
tion of the said land included tu tlie said cemetery or bury-
ing ground as that Common Council may deeiu proper.
The amendments were agreed to, and the amend-
ments of the House as amended were concurred ;
in, and the title of the bill was amended so as to i
read, " An act for the relief ofthe town of Belle-
view, and the cities of Burlington and Dubuque
in Iowa."
LOCATION OF LAND OFFICES.
Mr. FELCH, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to which were referred a resolution of the
Legislature of Arkansas, and a document relating
to the subject, reported a bill authouzing changes
in the location of land offices; which was read and
passed to a second reading.
By unanimous consent, it was read a second
time and considered by the Senate as in Commit-
tee of the Whole.
It proposes to authorize the President to change
the locality of the land offices in the several land
districts established by law, and to establish the
same from time to time, at such a point in the
district as he may deem expedient. 1
The bill was reported to the Senate without ,
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third !
reading, read a third time, and passed. |
THE CLAYTON-BULWER TREATY. j
Mr. MASON, from the Committee on Foreign '
Relations, to which was referred the message of i
the President of the United States of the 4th of
January, 1853, respecting the establishment of a |
new British colony in Central America, and a res-
olution of the Senate of the 27th of January on
the same subject, submitted a report, accompanied
by the following resolution; H^ich was read:
Resolved, (as the opinion ofthe committee,) That the dec- .
laration on the part of the British Government, and the
reply thereto by the Secretary of State, as preliminary to
the exchange of ratifications of the treaty concluded at I
Washington between tlie Governments of Great Britain )
and the United States on the I9th of April, 1850, import j,
nothing more than an admission on the part of the two I j
Governments, or their functionaries, at the time of such |
exchange, that nothing contained in the treaty was to be
considered as affecting the title or existing rights of Great 1 i
Britain to the English settlements in Honduras .Bay; and
consequently, in the opinion of the committee, that no
measures are necessary on the part of the Senate to be
taken because of such declaration and reply.
On motion by Mr. MASON, the report was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. CASS. This is a subject of very great
importance, and I desire that some extra copies
of the report may be printed. I therefore move
to print two thousand extra copies of it.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. 1 rise simply for the
purpose of stating that, so far as I heard portions
of the report read, I do not concur in it. I do not
wish to be concluded in regard to the matter by ;
giving a silent sanction to the positions of the re-
port, some of which I do not approve.
The motion to print two thousand extra copies
was agreed to.
REPUBLIC OF LIBERIA. ;
Mr. MILLER. I submitted a few days ago, a 1
resolution in regard to the recognition of the inde-
pendence of Liberia. I am anxious to call it up
and detain the Senate upon it for about thirty min- '
utes; and I rise now merely for the purpose of
giving notice ttoit I shall ask the indulgence ofthe I
Senate to call It up to-morrow morning. i
MERCHANT MARINE. [
Mr. FISH, agreeably to previous notice, asked i
and obtained leave to introduce abill for the better
management and safe conduct of American mer-
chant vessels, and for maintaining discipline on
board the same; which was read a first and second
time by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives
was received,by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, announ-
cing; that it had passed the following bills:
An act to organize the Territory of Nebraska.
An act to amend an act entitled " An act to
' amend an act to settle and adjust the expenses of
' the people of Oregon from attacks and hostilities '
' of Cayuse Indians in the years 1847 and 1848,"
approved August 21, 1852.
MARY WOODWARD.
On motion by Mr. JONES, of Iowa, the Sen-
ate, as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill for the relief of Mary W ood ward.
It proposes to require the Secretary of the Inte-
1 rior to place on the pension roll, at the rate of
thirty dollars per month, the name of Mary Wood- i
ward, widow of the late Lieutenant Kirby S.
, Woodward, of the United States revenue service, j
who was drowned at the mouth of the Klamath !
river, off the coast of California, on or about the 1
5th of November, 1850.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
JOSIAH P. PILCHER.
On motion by Mr. SHIELDS, the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole,proceeded to consider
House bill " for the relief of Josiah P. Pilcher, 1
late a private in Company F, Second Kentucky
Regiment of Volunteers in the war with Mexico.
It proposes to direct the proper officers of the
Government to pay to Josiah P. Pilcher his reg-
ular pay from July 7, 1846, until the date of the
discharge of his company; his mileage from New
Orleans home, as others of his company were (
paid; three months' extra pay, and a land warrant
t for one hundred and sixty acres.
Mr. SHIELDS. I propose to amend the bill by
' adding the following as an additional section:
Sec- 2. -'hi'l be it further enacted, That five years' full J
pay be granted to Christine Barnard, widow of the late Bre-
vet Major Moses J. Barnard, Captain in Company H, regi-
I ment of voltigeurs, who rendered gallant services ill the
' Mexican war, and who died of a disease greatly enhanced !
by the hardships, exposure, and fatigue of the campaign; j
said half pay to commence with the day of his deatli, (4th |
; July,) 1852, and to be held by her, or by her children, ac-
cording to the provision of tlie general law now in force,
made in reference to tlie widows and children of those who
died from wounds or disease received or contracted during
the said war.
The amendment waa agreed to, and the bill was
reported to the Senate as amended.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on'con-
curring in the amendment.
; Mr. HALE. Is that an amendment adopted !i
| by the Senate to a House bill ? [,'
The PRESIDENT. It is. It has been adopted j|
by the Senate aa in Committee of the Whole. j J
Mr. HALE. I want to suggest to those inter- j)
ested in the pension granted by the bill itself, that ]!
this is hardly using that claimant fair. It is a | j
House bill which has come to us, and if we agree 11
! to it it will become a law; but if we put on this I
' amendment and send it back to the House, instead j |
of giving two pensions, we may defeat both. I j
think each ought to stand upon its own merits, j:
and that by saddling one on the other, you will j [
defeat both. J)
i Mr. SHIELDS. I take a deep interest in both ;
cases—both are just—and the friends of each have 1
' agreed to put them together. !'
Mr. HALE. Then I am perfectly willing. j
The amendment was concurred in, and ordered j,
to be engrossed; and the bill was ordered to a third |
reading, read a third time, and passed; and its title j
was amended by adding to it the words " and for
other purposes."
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. BRIGHT.. I move to suspend the prior j
order of business, for the purpose of taking up the
bill to provide for the payment of such creditors
of the late Republic of Texas, as are comprehended
in the act of September 9th, 1850. I do itat this
time because it is understood that the special order
at two o'clock is to proceed to the consideration
of Executive business.
Mr. DAWSON, Mr. UNDERWOOD, and
others. One o'clock.
Mr. BRIGHT. Two o'clock. The honorable
Senator from Texas, [Mr. HotrsroN,] who ob-
tained the floor yesterday, is prepared and anxious
to go on this morning, and 1 hope the Senate will
indulge him.
Mr. BRADBURY. I believe there is a special
order which was made for Tuesday last, at half-
past twelve o'clock. I refer to the bill to regulate
the fees and costs to be allowed clerks, marshals,
and attorneys in the courts of the United States.
I think the Senator from Texas will hardly have
time to finish to-day before we go into Executive
session, and therefore I would suggest that the bill
to which I have referred be taken up, or at least
that some dny be indicated for action upon it.
Mr. GWIN. I hope the Senate will take up
the resolution I submitted a few days ago, relative
to changing the hour of meeting to eleven o'clock.
Mr. DAWSON. I understand that we agreed
to go into Executive session to-day at one o'clock.
I believe that is the order of the day, and 1 do not
suppose my friend from Texas would like to com-
mence now when it is but five minutes to one.
Mr. BRIGHT. The hour fixed for Executive
session was two o'clock, as I recollect.
Mr. CASS. Turn to the Journal; that will
show the facts.
The PRESIDENT. The Journal shows that
one o'clock was the hour fixed.
• Mr. BRIGHT. I had the honor of making the
motion fixing to-day for Executive business, and
I named two o 'clock; but it may have been changed
afterwards.
Several Senators. It was two o'clock.
TEXAS DEBT BILL
The motion of Mr. Bright was agreed to; and
the Senate accordingly resumed, as in Committee
of the Whole, the consideration of the bill to pro-
vide for the payment of such creditors of the late
Republic of Texas as are comprehended in the act
of Congress of September 9, 1850.
Mr. HOUSTON then rose and addressed the
Senate at length against the pending bill. [Hia
speech will be found in the Appendix.]
Mr. CLARKE moved to postpone the further
consideration of the subject until any day which
gentlemen may designate.
Mr. GWIN. Thursday next.
Mr. CLARKE. I move to postpone it until
Thursday next.
Mr. BRIGHT. And make it the special order
for one o'clock.
Mr. CLARKE. I include that in my motion.
The motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion by Mr. CLARKE, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of Executive business,
and after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened,
And the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, February 11, 1853.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Rev. James Gallaher.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
INDIAN EXPENSES IN OREGON.
Mr. STUART. I rise to aprivileged question.
When the House adjourned on yesterday, it had
before it a bill introduced by the gentleman from
Oregon, [Mr. Lane,] for the purpose of enabling
the Department to settle the Indian expenses in
Oregon. The bill was explained, and I believe
there was no objection to it. In order to keep il
before the House, before the adjournment, 1 in-
terposed a motion to reconsider the vote by which
the House discharged theCommitteeofthe Whole
on the state of the Union from the further consid-
eration of the bill. The question pending, as the
Journal correctly states, when the House ad-
journed, was upon the engrossment ofthe bill. I
now,call up the motion to reconsider, and ask that
the bill may be passed. It has been fully ex-
Elained by the gentleman from Oregon, [Mr.
,ane,] as well as by the gentleman from Tennes-
see, [Mr. Joke*,] who had examined the ques-
tion, and I presume there will be no objection to
it. I now withdraw the motion to reconsider, and
ask that the question may be taken upon the en-
grossment of the bill.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and having been engrossed, it
was read a third time and passed.
RECIPROCAL TRADE.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. I ask the
