568
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. II,
unanimous consent of the House to make a report
from the Committee on Commerce, for the pur-
pose of having it printed at the proper time, for
the consideration of the House. It 13 a bill rela-
tive to the fisheries, and embracing those subjects
which were embraced in the message of the Pres-
ident, which was ordered by the House to be
printed, the other day, and which have since been
under consideration by the Committee on Com-
merce.
There was no objection, and
Mr. SEYMOUR, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported a bill to establish a reciprocal trade
with the British North American Colonies, upon
certain conditions; which was read a first and sec-
ond time by its title.
Mr. SEYMOUR. I move that the bill and re-
port be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. I have an amend-
ment which I desire to offer to that bill.
Mr. SEYMOUR. I have no objection to the
amendment of my colleague upon the committee
being received ana printed with the bill and report,,
and will make that motion.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SEYMOUR. I now move to recommit
the bill to the Committee on Commerce, and ask
that the further consideration of the motion and of
the bill may be postponed till Thursday next.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object to that
motion. This bill was allowed by unanimous
consent to be introduced, and read a first and sec-
ond time, with the understanding that it was only
to be referred and printed. But now the gentle-
man moves to postpone its consideration to a day
certain, which is in effect to make it a special order.
I do not think that is carrying out the understand-
ing with the House fairly.
Mr. SEYMOUR. My object in making this
motion was not to make the bill a special order,
but to keep it before the House, and from going to
the Speaker's table. I desire that the bill may be
considered, if it be the pleasure of the House, at
a proper time, after they have had time to examine
it with the report. I indicated Thursday next as
a time when I thought the House might properly
consider it; but I did not suppose that the motion
to postpone till that day would have the effect to
make it a special order. I thought that was a
usual and proper course.
Mr. JONES. I move to refer the bill to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and that the bill and report be printed.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will say to the
fentleman, that the bill and report have already
een ordered to be printed.
Mr. JONES. I object to its being made a spe-
cial order.
Mr. SEYMOUR. That is not my wish.
Mr. JONES. That is the effect of the gentle-
man's motion. If you adopt it, it will be tanta-
mount to that.
Mr. SEYMOUR. I stated to the House that
I did not desire to make it a special order. My
- only object is to keep the bill from going to the
Speaker's table, and let the House call it up when-
ever they wish.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York moves to recommit the bill to the Commit-
tee on Commerce, and moves to postpone its
further consideration until Thursday next. The
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] moves to
commit the bill to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union. The motion to post-
pone to a day certain, cuts off the motion to com-
mit, and the question therefore will be upon the
motion of the gentleman from New York.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I desire to know what is
the bill before the House, for the confusion has
been so great in the Hall that I confess I have not
been able to ascertain, and several gentlemen
around me are in the same situation. I desire to
understand the question before us before we are
called upon to vote.
The SPEAKER. The title of the bill has been
read twice.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I have no doubt of that,
because the Speaker tells me so; but I have no 1
other reason for knowing it, for we in this quarter
of the House have not been able to ascertain what
was going on. I ask that the bill may be again
read.
The bill was again read by its title.
Mr. CLINGMAN. When was this bill intro-
duced ?
The SPEAKER. It was introduced a few
minutes ago by the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Seymour,] and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Well, what is the question
now pending?
The SPEAKER. It is the motion of the gen-
tleman from New York, to recommit the bill to
the Committee on Commerce, and to postpone its
consideration until Thursday next.
Mr. SEYMOUR. If there be any objection in
the House to postpone the consideration of the
bill until Thursday next, I will withdraw that por-
tion of the motion, and letit stand simply to recom-
mit the bill to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I have no objection to the
motion of the gentleman to postpone the consid-
eration of this bill till Thursday next. I am very
anxious that the subject should be brought before
the House, and I do not care at how early a day.
I do not mean to support the bill of the gentleman,
but I want the subject brought before us.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Do I understand
the motion to postpone to be withdrawn ?
Mr. SEYMOUR. Yes, sir; I will withdraw
the motion to postpone, and move simply to re-
commit the bill to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to refer
the bill to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, and upon that motion I demand the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered to be put.
The question now being upon the motion to
refer to the Committee of the Whole on'the state
of the Union, upon a division G5 rose in the af-
firmative.
Mr. SEYMOUR. I demand the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ORR. I move that the rules be suspended,
and that the House resolve itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
, Mr. HOUSTON. Before the question is put
upon that motion, I desire to offer the usual reso-
lution to close debate upon the Army bill. I
move the following resolution:
Resolved, That all debate in the Committee of the Whole
House on the state of the Union on the bill making appro-
priations for the service of the Army during the fiscal year
ending the 30th of June, 1854, shall cease in one hour and
a half after its consideration shall again be resumed, (if the
committee shall not sooner coine to a conclusion upon the 1
same,) and the committee shall then proceed to vote on
such amendments as may be pending, or offered to the same,
and shall then report it to the House, with such amend- j
ments as may have been agreed to by the committee.
Mr. YENABLE. I move to amend that reso-
lution by striking out " one hour and a half," and
inserting "one hour."
Mr. HOUSTON. I now demand the previous
question upon the resolution and amendment.
Mr. SABINE. I ask what has become of the
motion to print the bill and report from the Com-
mittee on Commerce ?
The SPEAKER. That motion was agreed to '
by the House. [
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. If, at this ;
stage of proceedings, the House proceed to other
business, what will become of the bill which I
just reported ?
A Member. It will com# up in the morning
hour.
Mr. JONES. I presume, as this bill was in-
troduced by unanimous consent, this is not in the |
morning hour.
The SPEAKER. This being private bill day,
there is no morning hour. The Chair will decide
these questions of priority of business when they
arise.
Mr. SEYMOUR. I submitted the motion to
recommit the bill to the Committee of Commerce,
and I ask if that motion will not keep the bill be-
fore the House ?
The SPEAKER. The motion was also made
to refer the bill to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union. When the bill again
comes up, the question must be first taken upon
that motion, and if voted down, it will then be
upon the gentleman's motion.
Mr. EDGERTON. Is it in order now to move
to go into a Committee of the Whole House upon
the Private Calendar?
The SPEAKER, it will be in order aa soon as
the House shall hare disposed of the resolution of
the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Houston,]
upon which the previous question has been de-
manded.
The previous question was then seconded, and
the main question ordered to be put.
Mr. FAULKNER. I aBk that the Chair will
state what is the resolution of the gentleman from
Alabama.
TheSPEAKER. The gentleman from Alabama
moves to terminate debate in the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union in one hour
and a half. The amendment proposes to close it
in one hour.
Mr. FAULKNER. I hope the House will vote
down the amendment. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Davis] is entitled to half an hour
to conclude his remarks, and then I hope the
House will indulge me for an hour before the de-
bate shall close.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was disagreed to.
The question then recurred upon the original
resolution, and being taken, it was adopted.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the House adopted the resolution,
and move to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table.
! The question was taken, and the latter motion
I was agreed to.
| Mr. EDGERTON. I now move that the rules
be suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into a Committee of the Whole House upon the
Private Calendar.
The question was put, and upon a division, 73
rose in the affirmative.
Mr. WILDR1CK. I demand the yeas and
nays. I want to see who it is that will refuse to
go to the public business of the country.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. I demand
tellers upon the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered, andtheyeas and nays
were not ordered.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of Connecticut. I demand
tellers upon the question.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. McNair and
Lockhart were appointed.
The question was then again put, and the tel-
lers reported—ayes 68, noes 72.
So the House refused to go into a Committee of
the Whole House upon the Private Calendar.
Mr. SABINE. Is it in order now to move that
the bill reported by the Committee on Commerce,
to regulate the rights of fishing, should be assigned
to a day certain for consideration ?
The SPEAKER. It is not. The pending propo-
sition is upon the motion made by the gentleman
from Alabama, that the rules be suspended and
that the House resolve itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. SACKETT. I wish to make an inquiry
of the Chair before that question is put. If the
House refuse to go into the Committee of the
Whole, will it be in orderagain to make a motion
to go into a Committee of the Whole House upon
the Private Calendar?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will decide that
question when it comes up.
Mr. SACKETT. I hope the House will re-
fuse to go into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
The question was then taken, and it was de-
cided in the affirmative.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Brown, of Mississippi, in the chair,) and
resumed the consideration of House bill No. 336,
making appropriation for the support of the Army
for the year ending the 30th of June, 1854.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment pending
when the bill was last under corilideration was
the one offered by the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Gorman] to change the military superin-
tendences of the armories of the United States to
civil superintendencies, and upon that question
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Davis]
has the floor.
Mr. DAVIS. I propose to submit the follow-
ing substitute for the amendment offered by the
gentleman from Indiana. His amendment con-
templates a change of the superintendence of the
armories from a military to a civil one. I submit
