570
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 11,
to the honorable gentleman from Massachusetts.
It is: Whether the argument of economy, so far '
as the Springfield armory is concerned, holds
good with reference to the one at Harper's Perry?
I desire to ascertain whether there is an uniformi-
ty of improvement.
Mr. DAVIS. I am not able to answer the
gentleman's inquiry as fully a« I would wish.
The subject of the economy of the Harper's Ferry
armory will fall under the consideration of my
friend from Virginia, [Mr. Faulkner,] who is to
reply to me. I cannot see any reason why arms
should not be manufactured as cheap at Harper's
Ferry as at Springfield. Though coal and iron is
not as cheap at the latter as at the former place,
there is a difference in favor of the Springfield arm-
ory in the cost of the manufacture of arms. At
Springfield, for the last two years, the average cost
of the musket has been $8 75, whilst at Harper's
Ferry it has been $9 60. The difference is less
than what I at first supposed; but there still is a
difference. 1 am led to believe, however, that
there is a very essential reduction in the cost since
the abolition of the civil superintendency.
I take with regard to the system the same view
that I think any business man would take. I judge
of the skill with which a farm has been cultivated
by the amount of the crop, as compared with the
nature of the soil. 1 judge of the skill with which
a manufacturing establishment is conducted, by
the results produced. If the amendment of the
gentleman from Indiana shall be adopted, and the
office of a superintendent shall again become what
he nicknames a civil, but what in fact will be a
political appointment, all the sluggishness and all
the waste which formerly existed, will exist again.
Against Mr. Robb, the former civil superintendent,
I would say nothing harsh. He, I believe, had at
one time been in the Army as a non-commissioned
officer. He afterwards became a clergyman, and
whilst a clergyman he was appointed to the super-
intendency. So that it would appear that the ex-
istence of a civil superintendency did by no means
in fart insure the appointment of the person best
qualified, by training and experience, to superin-
tend a mechanical business.
I am willing to take it for granted that Mr. Robb
was quite as well fitted for the office as any person
likely to be selected under the civil system, and
by an appointing power swayed by political con-
siderations. Believing that the civil system has
been fairly tried, and has done its best, I would
ask the economists of the committee, whether it is
right at this time to change back to it again, when
it is susceptible by demonstration that not far from
one million of dollars has been saved at tht single
armory of Springfield, by the energy and efficiency
of the new system of superintendency ? My sym-
pathies are for the civil rather than the military
system. But if the one system has proved waste-
ful, and the other has proved economical, can
there be a doubt which of these it is our duty to
abide by, unless it is proved thatin the one there is
an inherent and inevitable tendency to oppression
which is not found in the other? And on this
point I am much influenced by the consideration
already adverted to, that the wages now earned are
as great as ever; that the time of labor is two
hours less than in private establishments; that
there is nothing military in the system except the
control of a military man; and that the rules as to
reading, tobacco-spitting, &c.,arenotawhitmore
stringent than those of all the principal manufac-
turing establishments of the eastern States, nor
materially different in terms, as I understand, from
what they were under the civil system, although
more rigidly enforced.
I am far from claiming that there is an exclu-
sive fitness of military men for the superintend-
ence of these establishments. I am of opinion,
however, that there is much in their education and
in their habits which would fit them for such a su-
perintendency. Their education gives them, or
should give them, a knowledge ofthe modes of pre-
paring the materials of war. Then the military
education, all over the world, promotes habits of
neatness, of order, of method, so essential where
economical results are to be produced by the co-
operating labor of large bodies of men. 1 find
that men of business, at the North and the South,
have acted often on the idea that we are now
called upon to repudiate. A laree proportion of
the early railroads in New England were con-
structed under the direction of military men. The
I Providence railroad was constructed under the
direction of General McNeil. The Worcester
railroad was constructed under the supervision
of Colonel Fessenden, the Connecticut river rail-
road under that of Captain Childe, and the West-
ern railroad under the charge of Major Whistler.
The president of the latter road, which is the
largest railroad corporation in New England, is
Captain Swift, also a graduate at West Point.
1 understand from the member from the Suffolk
district, [Mr. Applf.ton,] now near me, that
Major Whistler was, for a number of years, in
charge of the machine shop at Lowell, and that he
was as efficient and as popular a superintendent as
that establishment ever had; and that at this mo-
ment a former lieutenant in the Navy has the
charge of one of the principal manufacturing es-
tablishments of Massachusetts. 1 find, then, that
business men, looking at this thing as a business
matter, although they by no means go upon the
ground ofthe exclusive fitness of military men, yet
have found in them a fitness, a marked fitness,
for such posts. I am not aware that the em-
ployees of these corporations have ever objected to
the appointment of military superintendents. On
the contrary, I think that these military superin-
tendents are, as a general rule, as popular with the
persons employed as the civil superintendents
have been; and yet it would be as correct to say
that the military discipline has been introduced
into all the establishments I have named as into
the Springfield armory.
The proposition of the gentleman from Indiana
implies the creation of two new offices and two
new salaries; for the present superintendents, as
. officers of the Army, must at any rate continue
to be paid from the public treasury, and the du-
ties which they now perform at the armories are
merely devolved upon them in addition to their
other military duties. I will not discuss at length
the considerations of economy which should for-
bid this unnecessary addition to the civil list of
the country; for there is another objection which
lies deeper down, and has far more weight in my
mind. It is, that the proposition of thejgentleman
i from Indiana is to create two new political offices;
and by that very act to make six hundred places
i of workmen at these two armories political places
I also. At this moment, in theSpringfield armory,
out of three hundred persons employed, less than
fifty hold the opinions of the party to which I
belong. Under a Whig national Administration,
J that armory has remained untouched by party
: proscription. I do not wish to see that state of
j things changed. We have enough of proscrip-
tion for opinion's sake now. It is the cancerous
sore of the body-politic.
I Under the operation of the amendment of the
gentleman from Indiana, the office of superintend-
ent will become again political, and the three
hundred Springfield workmen will also be added
to the melancholy crowd whose subsistence de-
pends upon the fluctuations of politics. The day
| will come when they will find the little finger of a
; party hack superintendent heavier upon them than
; the loins ofany army martinet. Will any man deny
this? Will any man say that the reasons which
all over the Union dictate the appointment and re-
moval of postmasters, sheriffs, registers of pro-
bate, constables, &c., may not be made to apply
with equal force to the laborer who earns the
Government money with the sweat of his brow?
I protest in advance against this result. In 1840,
if this office had then been political, the Whigs,
if they had followed the example previously set
by the Democrats, would have made a clean sweep
of all Democratic workmen. In 1844, the Whigs
thus appointed would again have had the poisoned
chalice returned to their own lips. In 1848, the
same see-saw game of mutual injury, breeding
mutual hatred, would again have been played;
and we are now called upon, in 1853, to extend,
in a new direction,a system so revolting in itself,
and so injurious to the country. Mr. Chairman,
has this system of making non-political offices the
1 reward of political adventurers been so productive
of good that we had better extend it ?
1 may perhaps be told that my apprehensions
are unfounded, and that political proscription will
i never be extended to the operatives of the arm-
j ories. Who can tell that? Why not remove an
operative who has wrong opinions on the subject
I of the tariff as readily as a sorter of letters who
] disbelieves in the resolutions of '98? Who, after
what we have seen on all sides, shall set limits to
party cupidity or to political rancor? It will not
be the man who makes the best guns, but the
man who makes the best stump-speeches, who is
the best party man, that will stand the best chance,
whether as superintendent or as workman. This
sort of thing has already gone far enough. The
country has not suffered so much from the partisan
character of post office appointments, because in
truth one person can easily become about as skill-
ful as another in the sorting and distribution of
letters; but when it comes to the construction of
materials of national defense, requiring the utmost
skill and the greatest fidelity. I am inclined to
abide by that system which will produce the best
guns for the lowest price, and which, at the same
time, shall make the condition of the persons em-
ployed most comfortable and most certain. The
amendment which I have offered, if adopted, will
enable Congress at least to do what they cannot
do now, to judge the facts of the matter on full
and impartial information, without being driven
to rely on ex parte and informal statements.
Without such full information, I think Congress
ought not to come to any final action on the sub-
ject, and after such information shall have been
obtained, the action of Congress, whatever it may
be, will at least be exempt from the charge of
being immature, passionate and ill-considered.
Mr. FAULKNER. I avail myself of the earliest
opportunity of returning my thanks to the House
for the vote taken this morning, by which 1 have
been allowed to be heard on the question under
consideration. I have desired to present my views
on this amendment, because, in my judgment, it
will, if adopted, promote the just wishes of a por-
tion of my constituents, ana will, as I shall en-
deavor to show, advance the true interests of this
Government. A distinguished member of this
body remarked in this Hall, a'few days ago, that
he did not believe that Henry Clay himself, in
the palmiest days of his eloquence, could, at
this period of the session, arrest the attention of
the committee on the armory bill. Sir, I have no
claims upon the attention of this body, beyond
the official facts which I shall lay before it, and
if the remark of my friend from Mississippi [Mr.
Brown] be founded in a correct estimate of the
members here present, the prospect of reaching
what I consider a sound conclusion on this contro-
verted question of national policy is certainly a
very gloomy one. What do we see around us?
The agitation of this question before Congress
has brought the whole Ordnance Corps, and its
friends, into the field. The respectable head of
that bureau has addressed us through the public
press in denunciation of the former and in vindi-
cation of the existing system. The superintend-
ent of the armory at Springfield has abandoned
his post there, and is kindly aiding us in our le-
gislative functions here. Other ordnance officers
nave been visiting the members at their chambers,
instilling into their ears their ex parte views of this
question, and if I, a representative of the people,
in the only forum which the Constitution has pro-
vided for the discussion of such subjects, cannot
receive a fair and patient hearing to controvert the
statements which have been made, then I say
that, so far as this question is concerned, legisla-
tion is a farce, and Congress has ceased to be that
tribunal which the Constitution designed it.
Sir, I believe I am justified in saying, that the
entire population of that portion of my district
where the national armory is situated, is against
the continuance of the present military system.
I speak not merely of the mechanics in the em-
ployment of the Government, but of all who pro-
fess to take any interest in, or to comprehend the
subject. If there be any dissenting voices, they
have not reached my ears.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Davis]
represents the only other national armory in the
country, and notwithstanding the numerously-
signed petitions which have been forwarded from
that place, remonstrating against the existing
policy, he tells us that the better class of the pop-
ulation in Springfield, meaning, I suppose, the
merchants, lawyers, hotel-keepers, editors, and
gentlemen at large, are opposed to any change.
Sir, such was not the voice of Springfield once.
The day was, when, in her town hall, in a full
meeting of her people, after discussion by leading
men of the town, she unanimously announced that
" the system of military superintendence was pre-
