1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
575
which have a great deal to be proud of in the past j
and something in the present. But the gentleman
says there isa " principle" in this thing. Where |
is the principle? He did not tell us what it was.
If I understand the gentleman's idea as to a prin-
ciple, it is this: that free white men in America
ought not to work under a soldier. Take that
principle to Springfield, and you will find that
neither a white or black man ought to work under
a soldier or civilian either, unless he pleases.
Change the theater, and you will learn that some
think it is not commendable to work at all; you
find that the principle expands or narrows itself
to suit the " population of the country." Does
not that principle apply to forts constructed under
the direction of engineers? Does it not apply to
military roads laid out under the supervision of
the War Department? Does it not apply to the
works now in progress under the act of Congress
of last session, which are under the charge of the
Topographical Bureau? Are not those works
carried on under military superintendence? Why,
sir, there are hundreds of works done in the coun-
try under military supervision, which I could not
specify in half an hour.
But 1 confess I was pained to hear the honor-
able and talented, the courteous and well-bred gen-
tleman from Virginia—and 1 say it in no spirit of
sarcasm—whose uniform courtesy is that of a
gentleman in and out of this Hall—I say I was
pained to hear him talking about the " palaces and
fine buildings " at Springfield. Now, sir, I am
sorry to speak of the pamphlet to which I have
adverted. Its author, I presume, is Mr. Charles
Stearn, a stern man I have no doubt, who has
probably some of the blood of the Puritans in him,
and who wouid die at the stake for any principle
or any shadow of principle he might take it into
his head to assert. He would search a month for
a principle, that he might valiantly fight for it for
a day. He is a higher-law man, I dare say, in
some of his notions about constitutional rights,
principles, and privileges. His opposition to Col-
onel Ripley is not at all surprising, as I shall pres-
ently show ; but I repeat, such an appeal from the
gentleman from Virginia pained me. Shall we
have, hereafter, pictures showing what fine houses
the President and his Secretaries live in ? Shall
we have them to show what fine buildings mem-
bers of Congress have to transact their public ,
business in ? Shall we hereafter have libelous pub- 1
lications, ornamented or disgraced by pictures rep- j
resenting " palaces" in which candidates for Con- J
gress reside? What does it mean? Here is the >
picture to amuse children with, and to excite the
prejudice of the House against an alleged extrava- i
gant expenditure of the public money. I shall |
speak of Mr. Stearn with respect, on account of
his gray hairs. I cannot speak of him with dis-
respect. I believe he is a Whig; I heard that he
was, and I like him all the better for it—of course
I do. But I wish he had put on the opposite page
a picture of the old building that had to be torn
down because it was put up badly. He was em- .
ployed in erecting that old building, and did not
use his materials to better advantage than he has
in concocting this pamphlet.
I wish I had time to amuse the committee by
reading extracts from the report of the committee
of inquiry called to investigate the charge made
against Colonel Ripley. If I had time to read ex-
tracts from that report, there are not a dozen mem-
bers who heard them that would vote for a change
of the existing system. Mr. Charles Stearn was the
man who was employed in putting up the old build-
ing. Sworn witnesses testify that when Colonel
Ripley took charge of the armory, the old build-
ing was in a very bad condition. They swear i
that it would not bear a slate roof—that it was ;
cracked. On examination it was found to be put
up with soft brick, and with morterin cold weather. '
If Colonel Ripley was married when he was sent
to Springfield—I do not know how that is, and
have the honor of but a slight acquaintance with
him—I think his wife's friends should have pre-
vented him from holding the place for fear that it :
would have fallen in and killed her and her chil-
dren. A picture of that fine building is here, and
it is taken from a publication which does honor to
the country—Harper's Magazine. It was put there
to show what were our public buildings, but it is
perverted by the polished gentleman from Virginia
and the calm, cool, charitable Mr. Stearn, to stir
up a prejudice against an American institution!
Have I not a right to be surprised at the appeal
the gentleman makes? He talks about palaces,
gravel walks, fine buildings! Ogle referred to
"gold spoons," and no doubt the accomplished
gentleman from the Old Dominion would have
started with horror, if it had been predicted that he
could ever descend to do such a thing. In how
much better taste his speech is, on " palaces,
gravel walks, and fine buildings," I leave for
others to say. A handsome, substantial house
for the superintendents of our public armories is
called a " palace" in the pamphlet from which the
gentleman borrowed his taste, if not his argument.
It is a handsome edifice, not an extravagant one,
fitted for all time, and one which the Government
ought to have.
The gentleman says that he is going to war
against this system "/orever." These men are go-
ing to war against it until it is abolished. There
it is; war to the knife against this system, whether
it works well or whether it works ill. The old
Puritans of Massachusetts and the Cavalier blood
of the South are warring against principle, and
they are going to war against it because there is
a soldier to rule over white men in a military es-
tablishment. They are going to war against it,
whether arms are made better and cheaper under
it or not, until it is abolished. That is the spirit.
The gentleman says that he represents no private
interest in this matter. I do not suppose that he
does, though he is not above them more than the
rest of us. He will not assume that to himself.
He represents the opinions of his constituents—the
voters; and, if it would not be deemed uncivil, I
would be glad for him to tell me how many aspir-
ants he knows of that want the superintendency
, the 4th of March next?
j Mr. FAULKNER. 1 will frankly answer the
' gentleman that I have had no intimation from any-
body in regard to that matter. It never entered
my head.
Mr. STANLY. If the gentleman has not, I
have no doubt that he will have several intima-
tions—at least as soon as his Democracy is old
enough to entitle him to Democratic confidence.
And I shrewdly suspect that he has picked out
the worthy man in his own mind, who is to fill
this comfortable office. Honest gentlemen, who
talk about this fine house, would consent, I have
no doubt, to go to Springfield and occupy it. It
has comfortable apartments. It is an easy place,
with a salary of $1,300 or $1,400. When a
j thousand or more dollars is added by the Com-
mittee of Conference, it will be a comfortable
place for a Massachusetts man, or a first-family
gentleman in the district my friend represents. It
will be taken care of as soon as the 4th of March
arrives, I reckon.
My friend says that the civil institution has
come down to us from the time of Washington.
It is time-honored and hallowed by length of years.
When did he, in his new rage for progress, get
fond of old institutions? The Bank of the United
States was an old institution. It came down from
the time of Washington, was chartered in his ad-
ministration, and approved by him. It lasted
twenty years, and Mr. Madison, under oath, ap-
proved of it. Does my friend want to go back to
that because it is time-honored, and because Wash-
ington and other great men of Virginia approved
of it? Not he. It is against the weight of influ-
ence—against the feeling of the " whole popula-
tion" in his district.
Mr. FAULKER here made a remark entirely
inaudible at the Reporter's seat.
Mr. STANLY. My friend in his progress to-
wards radicalism, in his opposition to palaces and
gravel walks, will, 1 fear, soon forget h is former self,
and go ahead of the Young Giant, General Cass,
or the Democratic Review. The gentleman spoke
of some civil office. I did not hear what he said
about that, and cannot, therefore, comment on it.
Here is the whole truth about this, Mr. Chair-
man: Mr. Dwight, who was a witness for Mr.
Stearn and his friends, in the prosecution of
Colonel Ripley, says (on page 68 of the report
of the court-martial, Senate document, first ses-
sion Twenty-ninth Congress, No. 344—I cannot
read it for want of time) that when the Whigs
came into power in 1840, they wanted the office.
[Here is the extract referred to by Mr. Stanly :
" Mr. Dwight was asked, ' Was ttiere not a very general
opposition to the new system and to Major Kipley when he
first cam# liar* ?'
11 Answer. Yes, very.
" Question. Please state its oriL'in as far as you can.
" -Inswer. As far as I know, Whiffs came into power
in 1840, and of course never had any offices. We w anted
a chance at some. We meant to have one of our men su-
perintendent of the armory, and, of coorae, we did not like
Major R. coming in here to interfere with that business.
Therefore, Major R. in the first place encountered political
hostility," &c., &.c., Slc.
Again he says:
" When Major R. first came here, he had been hooted a«
in the streets; he had been provoked by us all ; has en-
countered a storm of opposition from the time lie came
here."
He says further:
" I have heard hoys going by his house stop and hoot and
insult the 1 old military devil,'and such like language."]
For the sake of argument, I will say they were
as greedy for office as the gentleman's friends may
be now. It was said that Mr. Van Buren and his
friends had these offices, and it was complained
that when General Harrison came into power,
Colonel Bell unjustly held the friends of the Ad-
ministration out of them. He deserves a monu-
ment from Congress for that—as we have the dis-
position to erect monuments this session. No one
will say this Congress has deserved any monu-
ment for what we have done. Colonel Bell turned
a deafeaa^o the solicitations of his political friends,
and that was the reason of the outcry of Mr.
Dwight, who appeared against Colonel Ripley,
and this was the Whig quarrel in the Bay State,
and this whole testimony shows it. It is a new
page in the history of Massachusetts to me. When
Colonel Ripley went there, as this report shows,
he was " hooted" at in the streets, he was assailed
as he walked along, and he was called " that old
military devil," and a "West Point Nero."
He had absolutely to arm himself for protection.
He did not seek the place, but he went there by
the orders of his Government. The principle-
loving gentlemen of Springfield sent petitions to
the General Government, and to the Administra-
tion, and a court of inquiry was had. Look at
the opinion and finding of this court of inquiry,
which was approved by Wilkins, in his time, by
Marcy, by President Polk, Colonel Bell, and
everybody who had anything to do with it. A
court composed of men of high character—General
Wool, Colonel N. S. Clarke, MajorS. Cooper, as-
sistantadjutant general—examined all the charges
against Colonel Ripley, and declared that he had
been actuated by "honest purposes and an en-
' lightened zeal for the public interest; and, by his
'administrative capacity, he had enforced order
' and secured economy; and that, in achieving such
'purposes, he has not, in any degree, oppressed
'any person or persons." Colonel Ripley was
" fully and honorably" acquitted of the charges,
after an attentive and patient investigation by
Wool, Clarke, and Cooper. The pamphlet, with
the picture from which the gentleman from Vir-
ginia borrowed, censures this court as not being
an " impartial tribunal!" If any man doubts the
propriety of the civil superintendency, he is a
Nero, lives in a palace', and opposed to principle.
Mr. WILCOX. Mr. Chairman, if the honor-
able gentleman from North Carolina willgive way
for a moment. The gentleman from Virginia, in
the course of his speech, alluded to the remarks I
submitted a few days ago upon this proposition,
and charges me with saying that I opposed it from
the fact that the advocates of the change are radi-
cals. If my recollection serves me, I used no such
language. I will now give the reasons why I op-
posed the change. Charges and complaints against
the military superintendences, similar to those
now made, were preferred against Major Ripley in
1846. That the committee may properly appreci-
ate my opposition, I will here give the charges:
" 1st. That he has discharged great numbers of skillful,
efficient, and worthy artisans from employment without
just cause, thereby causing much distress to numerous fam-
ilies, and substituted other hands totally unacquainted with
the manufacture of arms, to the detriment of the public in-
terest. That he has indulged in the exhibition ot the most
unnecessary and wanton harshness in the treatment of
armorers, and contempt of the distressed situation to which
he has reduced them.
"2d. That he has discharged competent and faithful
citizens from the night-watch, and placed the public stores
and property in charge, by night, of irresponsible and reck-
less foreigners, and furnished them with muskets, loaded
with powder and ball cartridges, to the great annoyance
and repeated j eopardy to life of peaceful citizens in the pub-
lic highway.
" 3d. That he has disregarded the duties of superintend-
ent, particularly in neglecting to visit the most important
divisions of th* armory for jntny months logellnr.
