6 76
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
" 4th. That, for two years, he permitted a deterioration
in the quality of th#> arms manufactured ; while, at the same
time, he greatly increased the cost of the manufacture.
" 5th. That he has neglected lo take proper care of pub-
lic property in hH charge, particularly of finished arms in
the arsenal, through which neglect many have been seri
ously damaged, and the Government subjected to expense
and loss.
" 6th. That he has used deception and fraud with the
Government in procuring an order in  pursuance of which
a spacious and valuable edifice, erected a few years since
as quarters far the superintendent, and used as such, has
been totally demolished by him, though the site was not
wanted for other buildings, and several other dwelling-
bouses of less value pulled down and otherwise disposed of.
"7th. That he has charged the United States, and re-
ceived commutation for quarters for nearly/ive years, when
several expensive and elegant houses, erected and finished
for officers5 quarters, some six years since, have been al-
lowed to stand unoccupied.
" 8th. That he has made extravagant, prodigal, and
wasteful expenditures of the public money, particularly in
building n magnificent palace for hisown residence, which,
, when completed on the plan adopted, with the preparation
and projected embellishments of the ground, will cost the
United States a far greater sum than has been expended orr
the most co«tly private residence in this section of the
country. Also in constructing gravel walks, at a cost of
some thousands of dollars, which are entirely unnecessary
for the purposes ofthe armory, and in any event can be of
little use. Also in purchasing sundry houses and tracts of
lands, totally useless to the Government for any legitimate
purposes of the armory, and at prices far above their real
and market value, and without authority of any existing
Inw. The enumeration of particulars in this connection
might be much extended.
" 9th. That he has wantonly encroached on the rights
of the town of Springfield, by fencing up and obstructing
public highways, to the great inconvenience of the citizen".
" 1 Oth. That he has encroached on the rights of indi-
vidual citizens by fencing in theu grounds, and otherwise
incumbering them with nuisances.
"llth. That he has committed wrong and oppression on
an individual citizen unconnected with the armory, by pro-
curing his arrest and trial before a distant tribunal on a pre-
tended criminal charge, thereby subjecting said citizen to
very great expense and trouble in defending himself in said
puit. Also, that he has committed oppression and wrong
on seven other citizens, by a similar vexatious prosecution,
obliging them to defend themselvts before a distant tribunal
on a charge of a pretended criminal act, at a cost which
said individuals were wholly unable to meet. Also, that
he has committed oppression and wrong on a religious
society, which had purchased a lot on which to erect a
church, by taking measures manifestly and avowedly to
drive said society to .the necessity of abandoning their de- !
eii?n of erecting a church on said lot. J
" I2th. That he has been oppressive and tyrannical in i
discharging armorers from employment, refusing to (resign j
any reason lor the act, and then using his official influence :
with private manufacturers to prevent said discharged
armorers from obtaining employment elsewhere.
" 13th. That he has interfered with the public pre##, and
wiih the right-i of workmen, by threats of discharge to arm-
orers if they persisted in taking one ofthe newspapers pub- I
hsbed in the neighborhood ofthe armory." {
Now, sir, if these charges had been true, Major
Ripley should have been cashiered, and wonld !
have received,as he justlv merited, the condemns- I
tion and execration of all honorable men. But, '
sir, what are the facts ? Mr. Polk ordered a court i
of inquiry to assemble at Springfield. Charges !
and specifications were preferred against Major
Ripley; a lawyer employed to prosecute him; wit- i
nesses were sworn and examined; several days '
spent in the investigation; and to what conclusion .
did the court arrive ? Here it is: I
" Final Remarks—The court, during the investigation, '
observed wiih pain, that several witnesses showed how !
little confidence could be placed in their testimony, by 1
their manner, their tone, their reluclance, and in some
oases their refusal to answer questions, by evasive answers
in some instances, and by palpable contradictions in others.
It refrains from specifying names, because, where a whole
community appears to have lost, in a universal prevalence
of excitement and misconceptions, its propriety, it would
seem to be invidious, and perhaps harsh, to subject indi-
viduals to animadversions winch, with the exception that
some have uttered opinions and made declarations in a
graver form than others, are perhaps equally deserved by
all; particularizalion on this behalf would probably affect
persons whose standing in society may have been good,
and who, in reality, have testified under impressions and
influences that have heen fully participated in by their '
neighbors and acquaintances.
'' In remarking upon the manner, tone, reluctance, and i
evasiveness of some witnesses in thacase, it will now add !
its opinion that much testimony was vague ; so much so as
to leave an impression on the mind that witnesses meant
concealment, or were sn operated upon by doubts of the
accuracy ot their previously-formed opinions and percep-
tions,, as insensibly produced in their minds a blindness to
Its real hearing.
" Finally, in the opinion ofthe court, the accused, in his
administration of the affairs of the armory, has been actu
ated by honest purposes and an enlightened zeal for the
public interest; and, by his administrative capacity he
has enforced order, and insured economy; and that in
achieving such purposes, he has not in any degree on
pressed any person or persons. By an examination of lie
establishment made by the court, there appears to be a
due observance of order, regulaiity, efficiency, and econ-
omy, in ail its various departments and branches.
" An attentive and patient investigation ofthe charges
presented by the memorialists, with the most untiring zeal,
enables the court to pronounce, and it does pronounce, an
I opinion that Major Javtes W. Ripley, superintendent of
| this armory, is acquitted fully and honorably of all the
I charges exhibited against him."
I This decision of the court was sent to the Pres-
! ident of the United States for his approval or re-
jection. After having read the charges and testi-
i mony in the cause, he speaks as follows:
Washington, Jlpril9y 1846.
I have examined the proceedings of the court of inquiry
in the case of Major Jau-es W. Ripley, of the Ordnance
Department, and approve the "findings and opinion" of the
court, and they are hereby approved and confirmed.
JAMES K. POLK,
i Now, Mr. Chairman, you have my reasons, in
part, for opposing the change. I am one of those
who believe that Mr. Polk was always right, and
j am unwilling to reflect upon his memory by say-
ing that he was wrong. Mr. Polk says, by his
decision, that the military superintendency, by its
administrative capacity, has enforced order and
insured economy in all its various branches and
departments. With such backing I am content.
But again, sir, in 1842 a committee from civil life,
| constating of Charles Davies, John Chase, and
Daniel Tyler, were appointed to inquire into the
Springfield armory, under civil superintendency,
who reported as follows: *
" It was a mattet of surprise to the Board to find that no
regular hours were established for labor. Every mechanic,
working by the piece, is permitted to go to his work at any
hour he chooses, and to leave off at his pleasure. I n some
instances the machinery at the water shops has been kept
running for the accommodation of a single mechanic ; and
in most of the visits of the Board, though made in hours
usually devoted to labor, these shops were found nearly de-
serted. The reading of newspapers during the ordinary
hours of labor appears to be so common a practice as not to
be deemed improper; for, in several instances, the reading
was continued even during the inspection ofthe Board.
"The practice of commencing and leaving off work at
irregular hours, by those who are employed by the piece,
is, in the opinion of the Board, attended with serious evils.
It leads to great irregularity in the hours of labor, and oper-
ates as a strong motive to dispatch the work of the day in
the shortest time possible, often to the injury of the work
itself, and not unfrequently to that of the health ofthe me-
chanic."
* * *****
" First. It appears that men have been absent from their
shops several days in a month, and yet have been able to
earn from $50 to $60 ; and it was the opinion of the inspect-
ors, that, at some branches, from $70 to $100 per month
might be earned by a mechanic working ten hours adav.
For example: one man worked fourteen days, and turned
tn $41 worth of work; two others, who were absent two
weeks, or certainly ten working days, turned in work, re-
spectively, to the amount of $44 and $49. It also appears,
that one man who was absent an entire month, yet turned
in work to the amount of $30, which work was doubtless
executed by another individual, who himself received full
wages. There appears to be no reason to doubt that a work-
man, on some ot the branches, may be absent one fourth of
his time, and yet make up a full month'b work, without la-
boring longer than ten hours a day.
"Secondly. It appears that an opinion prevails among the
j workmen tliat their monthly earnings ought not to appear
j too lariie on the pay roll; and, to avoid such a result, work
is transferred from one lo another, or kept back at the end
of the month; and this has been done with the knowledge
of the inspectors, thou;h in direct violation of the regula-
tions of the armory. These facts show a general looseness
in the manajenient of the armory, which could not enst in
a private, and ought not to be permitted in a public estab-
Jishment."
Again, sir:
" The Board have witnessed with regret the exercise of a
strong local influence, by the citizens and press of this
place, in the affairs and management of the armory. It is
an influence growing out of tile feeling that the establish-
ment is a local one, and should be managed with reference
to ihe interests of the town. Such an influence will al-
ways be adverse to the interests of the Government, which
can only be properly protected by regarding the establish-
ment in its national character, and keeping it under the im-
mediate control of the War Department."
Now, Mr. Chairman, after tendering my thanks
to the honorable gentleman from North Carolina,
I will conclude by saying, that I feel perfectly jus- |i
tified in the course 1 have pursued, having been '
sustained by two courts of inquiry—one from i
civil and one from the military—indorsed by the ;
lamented Polk.
Mr. STANLY. I am obliged to my friend M
from Mississippi [Mr. Wilcox] for referring to i!
that part of the proceedings, for I might have for- ,>
gotten it. |
Mr. INGERSOLL madean inquiry, which was I
entirely inaudible to the Reporter. j
, Mr. STANLY. There were two or three civil- ;
ians sent there, and they reported the same thing. '
The gentleman will find that he has read nothing
but the handbills in his district; he has not exam-
ined the public documents as I have. t
Mr. WILCOX. I have got reports from civil-
ii
Mr. STANLY. Mr. Polk was a civilian, and
he examined this matter and approved Colonel
' Ripley's conduct. This pamphlet, to which allu-
I sion has been made, and which the gentleman
from Virginia has dignified by his notice, is one
I of the most abusive pamphlets I ever saw from a
northern State—(for the people there generally
claim to be more mild in their expressions than
the southern people are, more to their credit, and
more to our shame, too, if this be true; if this
publication is a fair specimen, their claim will not
be allowed.) It is a most abusive, uncharitable
pamphlet about these armories, endeavoring to
excite prejudice against them. The gentleman
talked about the " genius of the American people."
I will not say how far my friend is cultivating the
genius which he thinks will enable him to run
with the people. Let him take care how far he
goes. He has not been playing upon this key
long, and he may go further than he intends, lie
is not at home in his present position; he has not
been long in his present •' stripe" of politics, and
1 fear he may cultivate too diligently the " genius"
which American politicians have, of being on the
strong side—agoing with the " entire population."
In his tirade against military men, the gentleman
spoke-«f the despotisms of Europe. I thought he
was going on to say that we ought not to have
guns, or cannon, or books from Europe, because
the first ones were brought from Europe by our
forefathers, and that we should have nothing from
: Europe, either good or bad. It is submitting to
I an European despotism, according to the gentle-
man's idea, so we ought not to have armories, be-
cause the despots of Europe have them. The
gentleman from Virginia refers to the pamphlet,
when he speaks of the expenditure. It is said
that figures will not lie. I do not apply that word
to the author of this pamphlet, of whom individ-
ually I wish to say nothing harsh. I only wish
to comment on the bowie-knife spirit of those who
compiled and published the libelous matter in it.
Mr. FAULKNER. Have I referred to that
pamphlet, or any pamphlet at all?
Mr. STANLY. My friend gives the figures
from 1822 to 1839, and from ]841"to 1851, as nearly
as I could understand him, and the same statement
is given on page fifteen of the pamphlet with the
pala.ee picture in it.
Mr. FAULKNER. I referred to official docu-
ments.
Mr. STANLY. This pamphlet professes to
copy from the " official documents.'' I referred
to the common saying that figures cannot lie; some
shrewd fellow said once that nothing could lie as
well in the proper hands. I repeat, 1 do not impute
that to the author of this pamphlet; but let any one
look at page fifteen, where he gives his statements,
and see how cunningly he divides the years. He
takes very good care, after the system was changed
in making muskets, to put those years in which
the cost of making them was the highest within
the last ten years, and then makes an average.
He suppresses the reason of the increase of cost,
probably from tender regard for some former civil
superintendent. That is the sort of evidence
which the gentleman from Virginia gives us when
he talks about figures and facts from official docu-
ments. The picture pamphlet, full of mistakes,
professes to have been copied from " official doc-
uments."
The gentleman from Virginia spoke of affidavits
haying been made to sustain his statements. I
believe all 1 have stated is supported by evidence
on oath, and by statements of men of high char-
acter, educated in the public service, with integrity
never impeached, until Whigs, I regret to say,
wanted tbeofficeof civil superintendents. J speak
of such men as Colonels Churchill,Craig, Riplev,
and Magruder, and others. I refer again to Sen-
ate Document No. 344, Twenty-ninth Congress,
first session, which I hold in my hand, and have
not time to read from. It was sent to the Senate
and ordered to be printed May 14th, 1846. On
page 189 of that report, Colonel Ripley refers to
the testimony of Captain iVlagruder, t4 which
• shows that under the present system there has
( been saved to the Government $205,334 57, being
1 $51,333 64 annually during Ripley's superin-
tendence, and amounting to nearly the whole pay
* and allowancee of all the officers of the Ordnance
1 Corps," &c., &c. These documents the polished
gentleman, opposed to palaces, has not conde-
scended to examine.
