THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
32d Congress, 2d Session.
SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 12, 1853.
New Series....No. 37.
It has been more agreeable to him to get his
tables from clerks. There is more " genius of the
American people" in four or five clerks, more of
the rox popiUi—if they reside in the gentleman's
district—than there is in a dozen West Pointers,
who speak and write of subjects which they were
educated to understand, although they may have
lived thirty years in the public service. Did we
not have an exhibition here, a day or two ago, of
how little reliance could be placed on estimates by
clerks ? The chairman of Ways and Means, after
examination, thought about §6,000 were necessary
for the deficiency in the contingent fund of the
House of Representatives; and the Clerk of this
House asked his friend from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Florence] to get the appropriation increased to
near §24,000! What clerk, I ask, made out
these " official documents?" Does tlfegentleman
from Virginia get them from any one who has
been in the armory? Does some friendly clerk
want to get in that " palace with gravel walks ?"
Where are the documents, I ask the gentleman
from Virginia? Official data! public documents!
What sort of data ?
Give me the title of the book and page, and let
me see whether the thing is done correctly, and not
refer to the clerks of the House, who may have
their own reasons and prejudices for compiling
these statements. They are not to be relied upon.
The gentleman says that the affidavits which
have been read here are not denied. Look at the
proceedings of the court-martial, (Doc. 344,) just
referred to, and see what is sworn to and what
proven. Every material charge now repeated,
which was made by the vindictive persons who
compiled the pamphlet, in Mr. Polk's time, in 1846,
was not only denied, but shown to be incorrect.
The counter affidavits show a wholesale and vin-
dictive hostility against the man who was sent to
Springfield, and against the system, because he
went there at the orders of the Government. I
beg leave to say in conclusion, for 1 see that my
time has nearly expired, that I have not had an
opportunity of referring to one half of the facts
which I would like to lay before the House, be-
fore honest gentlemen upon both sides—and there
are more than fifty or one hundred here—so that
they might see what they are about before they
establish this civil superintendency,in times when
it is quite too much the case, upon both sides, to
declare that to the victors belong the spoils. In
the possible change of parties—I speak modestly,
so soon after hearing the votes counted out on
Wednesday—it is possible, in four years from this
time, that we may have some other men, of a dif-
ferent stripe from my friend from Virginia, put
into that armory, and they will have to electioneer
to keep their places. Why not let the superin-
tendents be elected by Springfield and the " popu-
lation" of Harper's Ferry? Why not give to
Virginia and Massachusetts free suffrage in this
matter? Why not let all the white persons vote
in Virginia, and let the white and black, natural-
ized and native, vote in Springfield,and elect their
man? That is carrying out "the principle."
Let them elect their superintendent. Why can !
you not trust Mr. Pierce and his Secretary of
Secretaries of War, and all who inhabit'palaces
with gravel walks.
I have no personal interest in this controversy.
Every other member has the same interest that I
have. Appeals have been made to me as a Whig
to cease my opposition to this matter. 1 examined
the subject in 1842. I relied upon the judgment
of those better acquainted with such matters than
myself, and experience of near twelve years has
fully proved they were correct. I was censured
then by the politicians of the day for my course.
I resisted the effort to place a Whig eivil superin-
tendent in office for the same reasons that now in-
fluence my conduct. As an American, I am proud
of the condition of our armories. I am proud of the
genius and skill of the worthy mechanics who have
brought our arms to such perfection. I wish to see
them continuing happy, well-paid for their labor,
uncorrupted by political influence. When politi-
cians bear sway, preference will be shown, not to
fidelity, honesty, and skill, as the case is now, but
to Whigsor Democrats, as thecase may be. Some
uncivil man will be appointed civil superintendent
from the neighborhood of the armories; and will
he not prefer to employ a friend who has voted for
him to an opponent who has exerted his influence
against him ? Can any man acquainted with hu-
man nature doubt it? I know itis not so intended,
but I fear the result of the change will be to destroy
the national armories. Why should Government
keep up such costly establishments, when arms
may be made under civilians in other States as
well, if not better, than at Springfield or Harper's
Ferry ? Will not men of both parties be found to
regard political consideration when you establish
the civil superintendency ?
Why not give Connecticut an opportunity of
making guns as well as Massachusetts ? Why not
Pennsylvania and Maryland as well as Virginia,
if civilians can do the work as well as the Govern-
ment? Let the manufacturers in the district of
the gentleman from Connecticut [Mr. Ingersoi.l]
chew tobacco, smoke cigars, play the fiddle du-
ring hours assigned for work, and keep their Bible
in the drawers of the armories. If George Thomp-
son comes along again, let the civil superintendent
entertain him in the armory; or let him open the
building for the use of temperance societies; or to
enable the descendents of the Pilgrims—proud of
their descent, as they ought to be—to hold public
meetings, and petition Congress for a redress of
their own grievances and those of all other people.
If one should come along fighting against the
'' despots of Europe"—naughty fellows, who have
military men in office—let him be welcomed, even
though he denounce our revolutionary .forefathers.
This course might possibly suit the " public feel-
ing " for the time.
When a civil superintendent is to be appointed,
how can the Secretary of War for the time being
know his qualifications ? Is he to be recommended
by members of Congress ? Do we not prefer our
own political friends? Will not the member from
the district prefer that one who presided over a
meeting at the armory, or attended a State or
National convention, and procured by his influ-
ence one hundred votes for said member? If you
War, no matter who he may be, with the'regula- 1 take it by petitions and recommendations, you will
tion of this matter? Let Mr. Pierce's Secretary j find many names on all the petitions. So that
of War examine and report what is best for the : party service is to be the test of fitness under Whig
public interest. Have you not trusted Mr. Polk,
and all the administrations and Secretaries of War
—Bell, Spencer, Porter, Wilkins, and Marcy—
for twelve years past?
The gentleman speaks of the " public feeling"
in his district—a feeling which sprung up in 1840
from Whigs when they wanted office, and sprung
up since last November from someone else. Will
not this feeling, if indulged, lead us to have civil
superintendents in our arsenals,in the erection of
forts, and in our navy-yards? If, according to
the picture pamphlet, persons educated at West
Point are "tyrants," let us hang all who have
inkhorns around their necks, as Jack Cade would
have done, and educate no more " Neros" at
West Point. Have the armories "in common,"
and "kill all the lawyers," military men, and
37
or Democratic .rule, for a superintendent of a
national armory.
Then you will see old abuses revived; the prices
of guns greatly increased; brick houses put up
by " an honest man, but not a good bricklayer;
houses " cracked at the end, made of "soft
brick," with " frozen mortar"—I refer to the evi-
dence in document 344—evidence, not of " W est
PointNeros and tyrants," butofhonestmechanics
at Springfield. That house would hardly have
made a picture to decorate Harper's Magazine,
or have been a fit residence for a well-bred, pol-
ished gentleman of fortune from the Old Dominion,
whether in civil life, in Congress, or in the armory.
I have said I was proud of the work of the me-
chanics at these armories. But I am also proud
of the good conduct of the West Pointers, in peace
or in war. They are not " tyrants." For years,
until the war with Mexico, it was almost fash-
ionable to denounce them. But when the coun-
try needed their services, they were ready, and
in common with their countrymen from civil life,
they displayed bravery in the hour of danger; but
they also convinced those who before doubted,
that skill and military education are indispensable
to success. One of these West Point men is su-
perintendent at Springfield, and the more closely
his conduct is examined, the more it will be ap-
proved. He ought to feel proud, that amidst
great difficulties he has so conducted himself as to
nave secured the commendation of many gallant
and worthy men in military and civil life.
I know lam not now advocating the side of this
question which is popular at Harper's Ferry or at
Springfield. But what is a public man worth,
who forgets his duty to his country that he may
secure a little fame to himself? Let us do right,
I and trust to the good sense and patriotism of the
| people. Give all the largest liberty, is now the
j cry. It is all for the " principle" of the thing;
j and having the right to assemble together and pe-
i tition Congress for a redress of grievances, they
want the right to meet in all the armories and talk
1 politics. " Freedom of speech" is secured by the
i Constitution. Every man has a right to worship
I according to his own conscience; why not hold
religious meetings in the armories? These are
" principles" dear to the " population" of our en-
tire country. Where is the tyrant who dare go
to the Old Dominion, and say that they shall not
discuss the resolutions of 1798-'99 in the armory ?
Will any arrant boaster go there, and tell a gen-
tleman of the first family, or second—if he can run
down one of that kind, though I never met with
' one, (laughter)—that he shall not make a speech
upon a 1798 or '99-ism ? or will he go to Massa-
chusetts, and tell one of the descendants of the
Pilgrims that he shall not petition the Government
for the largest liberty ? I tell the honorable gen-
tleman from Virginia, it does not become him, if
he will pardon me for saying so, to talk to us as
he has about "palaces and graveled walks," &c.,
because it does not become him as a gentleman of
the South to enter upon that sort of argument. I
appeal to those gentleman who have a proper re-
gard to what the public interest requires, to look
at what men who have examined this subject have
said, and pause before they commit this great
wrong, or they will break down these armories,
and ruin them forever.
[Here the hammer fell.]
[At the request of Mr. Stanly, the Reporter in-
serts as a note to his remarks, the following re-
port of the Committee on Military Affairs:
" 12, 1842. Mr. Goggin, frem the Committee on
Military Affairs, made the following report:
" The Committee on Military Affairs, to which were re-
ferred the several memorials of citizens of Jefferson and
Loudoun counties, and of Harper's Feiry, in Virginia, re-
monstraUng against the appointment of officers of the Army
as superintendents of the armory at Harper's Ferry, made
the following report:
"That before these memorials were presented to Con-
gress, the committee had very fully and maturely consid-
ered the subject referred to, the same having been presented
to their notice by the message and documents sent to Con-
gress at the present, the last, and extra session*; that, bp-
fore coming to any conclusion, the committee heard argu-
ments against the appointment of military superintendents
of the armories of the United States, both at Harper's Per-
ry and at Springfield, which are the only armories of their
class in the Union.
" The committee listened with patience to thestateincnts
of the late superintendent (Mr. Robb) at Springfield, as
well as others.
" After hearing these, and reading with the greatest eare
the reports of the boards of officers who have examined
the subject, together with the law which was before the
committee, and which places these armories under tiie con-
trol of the Ordnance Corps, they came to tile conclusion
that the views, as expressed by the Ordnance Corps, were
in the main correct; that there were sufficient reasons for
the change which had been made in the early part of the
year 1841, by the War Department, or, at least, that the
reasons were sufficient, in their opinion, to sanction the
passage of a bill for a permanent change in the system of
management at these armories.
"The committee decided in favor of a change, and ac-
cordingly reported a bill for the purpose, which is hereby
made "a part of this report. This bill was reported, receiv-
ing the sanction of the committee sometime before the pre-
