1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
579
Mr CABELL. There was a similar provision
made in (lie last appropriation bill.
Air. JONES. Then it was done by the House
-or the committee overriding the rules.
Mr. CABELL. I will state that this amendment
is merely to correct a mistake committed in the
appropriation bill last year. It was intended by
the House that the State of Florida should be
•paid this claim, whether rightfully or wrongfully,
•and it was provided that it should be paid accord-
ing to the .principles laid down in the settlement of
the claim of Virginia. I wrote it Georgia, but by
some mistake, Virginia was substituted. Now,
our claim assimilates to that of Georgia, and bears
no resemblance to the claim of Virginia. I mere- 1
ly ask Congress now to correct that mistake, and |
do what it intended to have done at the last ses-
sion.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Tennessee insist upon his point of order ?
Mr. JONES. No, sir, 1 will not insist upon it.
Mr. MEADE. As the committee has decided
that it is in order to correct mistakes made in a
former year in this bill, I now offer as an amend-
ment to the amendment just offered by the gentle-
man from Florida the amendment which I at-
tempted to offer a few minutes ago as an inde-
pendent section, inasmuch as I believe the House
never made a greater mistake than when they re-
fused at the last session to include those mentioned
in this amendment in the grant which they made.
But as they have not been included in any former
legislation, I hope I shall be allowed to offer this
as an amendment to the amendment of the gentle-
man from Florida; for if it was in order to ofFerit
as an amendment to the original bill, it certainly
is not out of order to offer this as an amendment
to the amendment of the gentleman from Florida,
which is in itself foreign to the subject of the bill.
If this is in order, I presume it is as much in order
to amend upon one subject as another.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I submit this ques-
tion of order: The committee have read the bill
through and disposed of all its provisions. There
is, therefore, no part of the bill now before them.
There is nothing to which an amendment can be
offered.
A Member. You may offer additional sections.
Mr. JONES. No, sir, I take it that there can
be no additional sections offered, because the com-
mittee have disposed of everything in the bill. In
order to have made it proper to offer additional
sections, there should have been some clause left,
to which they could have been attached.
Mr. MEADE. If the gentleman from Tennes-
see is making his point of order against the recep-
tion of the amendment of the gentleman from
Florida, I understand that amendment has been
received already, and it is now too late to object to
that. •
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Virginia rise to a point of order?
Mr. MEADE. I do rise to a point of order. I
say the amendment of the gentleman from Florida,
was received, and the Chair was about putting the j
question when I rose to offer my proposition as an j1
amendment to k. But it was received by the com- (
mittee without a single objection, and I submit !
that it is now too fate for the gentleman from Ten-
nessee to raise his point of order. But if the gen-
tleman will withdraw his point of order, I will
withdraw my amendment.
Mr. SWEETSER. I rise to a point of order.
The CHAIRMAN. There is already one ques-
tion pending.
Mr. MEADE. I will now withdraw my
amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Jones] rises to a point of order, that
the amendment of the gentleman from Florida is
not in order as an independent section to the bill.
The Chair decides, that, proposing as it does, to
change the phraseology of the act of the last ses-
sion, it is in order. If it were an original proposi-
tion it might be out of order, but it is simply to
change the phraseology of an existing act. The
Chair holds further, that it is competent for this
committee to make additional sections to this bill,
and therefore overrules the point of order raised
by the gentleman from Tennessee.
The question was then Uken upon Mr. Ca-
bell's amendment, and it was adopted.
Mr. EVANS. I move the following as an ad- il
ditional section to the bill: il
V it further enacted, That notJunz in this act con-
tained shall be mi construed as to autlum/.e a change from
military to civil superintendence ut the armories, until the
l'rosiiient of the United States and Secretary of War shall
have approved and directed such a change.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I submit that this
amendment should have been offered to theamend-
ment to which it relates, but having passed that
amendment it cannot now be offered.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks it is too
late to offer this amendment.
Mr. EVANS. I offer this to explain the main
bill. It relates to the subject-matter of the bill,
and I submit that it is in order.
The CHAIRMAN. Upon a further examina-
tion of the amendment, the Chair thinks it is suf-
ficiently general in its phraseology to make it ap-
ply to the whole bill, and, therefore, rules it in
order.
Mr. EVANS. If I were not well convinced
that this committee has done here to-day what
the country will have cause to regret hereafter, I
should not think of offering this amendment. Sir,
for one I can say that 1 have considered this subject
entirely divested of all personal feeling in these
armories; having no personal connection in them
in any way, nor with any one connected with
them; not having one of them in my district; not
having the acquaintance of a single officer in charge
of them, I have no object in view, nor any inter-
est n the subject other than that of the good of the
country. But, sir, I am persuaded the House
has taken a mischievous step when it has decided
to change the superintendence of these armories
from the military to the civil control—one which
will entail expense upon the Government, that will
result in the destruction of all good order, and sub-
stitute in its place anarchy and discord.
And what do I propose to do ? I propose to
leave it to General Pierce, when he comes into
office, and to his Secretary of AVar, after a proper
examination of the subject, to determine whether
the change proposed in this bill is such a one as is
: demanded by tne public interests. I desire to leave
it to them. General Pierce ia himself a man of
military education and experience in the field, and
his Secretary of War will no doubt be a man en-
tirely competent to decide upon questions like this.
But I say this House ought not to take so import-
ant a step, without official information upon the
subject; without any report from the proper au-
thorities, unless we leave it to the discretion of
some one who may be competent to decide. Why,
sir, the whole affain is nothing but a mere attempt
upon the part of certain parties, at work in these
armories, who desire to escape from under a just
restraint. It is the effect of that spirit of insubor-
dination which is abroad all over the land. That !
is my opinion in relation to it.
Now, the official information which the Presi-
dent of the United States may receive will enable
General Pierce to judge intelligibly upon this sub-
I ject; and I submit to gentlemen whether it would
not be better to leave it discretionary with him to
make the change or not, as he and his Secretary
may judge advisable. They will be able to judge
more understanding^ than we by any possibility
can do. Too many prejudices, brought about by
outside factions, have been at work here. All I
want is, that in a matter so important as this, we
should act with discretion. I do not ask you to
continue this military superintendence over those
armories if it is wrong; nor do I desire to change
it if it be right. What I propose to do is, to leave
it to those who are best able to judge—to the in-
coming Administration. 1 propose to leave it to
that Administration to say how far these arm-
ories should be thrown open to a civil superitend-
ence. I do not know specially of the persons who
had charge of them before they came under the
military system; but I have no doubt there were
persons there who were not competent.
Now, with regard to what has been said of the
competency of those educated at West Point for
this place: if their education is not sufficient they
ought to be educated for it. They who are edu-
cated to the use of arms, ought to know how to
construct or make arms; and these armories are
the only places where you can teach them. Why,
sir, for what purpose do you organize your ord-
nance corps? Its officers ought to be instructed
in the manufacture of arms in all its minutiae; and
you cannot instruct them unless you place them
in these armories. If they are notacquainted with
it, they ought to be made acquainted with it. If
they cannot learn it at West Point, they should
be made to learn it elsewhere.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MEADE. I ask the gentleman to change
the phraseology of his amendment, by striking
out the words " and Secretary of War, so as to
leave it to the discretion of the President.
Mr. EVANS. I have no objection to that. I
will accept that amendment, if the gentleman de-
sires.
Mr. GORMAN. I am opposed to that amend-
ment for the same reason that I have expressed
time and again. The gentleman has come here
1 again, and revamped up his old argument, which
we have heard from him before—that we have
; struck a lick here to-day which will be disastrous
j to the interests of the country.
| Now, sir, that gentleman has a military educa-
i tion in part, and if his imagination can conjure up
another single point of view which has not already
been presented here, I will stop and listen to him.
Why, a West Point education gives a man no
knowledge of the manufacture of arms. It has
no more to do with that subject than of any math-
ematician in any other school in this country. If
you put a civil superintendent over these armories
—I speak this for the ear of the gentleman from
Maryland—your ordnance corps will devise what
species of arms shall be manufactured, what their
capacity, and what their caliber shall be, the same
as now. That is all your ordnance corps do
now, and they may do that as well after the arm-
ories are under a civil superintendence as before.
Now, what do you want a military superintend-
ent to control these mechanics for ? The gentle-
man says it is to make them do their duty. Why,
the mechanics of the country need not be made to
do their duty. When there is a rule laid down
how many hours they shall work, there is no diffi-
culty in controlling them. But what they com-
plain of is, thatlhey are brought under military
discipline; that they are brought down to military
rule. Now, any gentleman who has ever been in
the Army, knows something of that rule. Does
not every man know that it is an absolute mon-
archy from the time the sergeant commences to
drill his squad up to the regiment and brigade
drill? But there is another thing. When you put
a military man as superintendent of that armory,
you double his rations; and these military men
are continually seeking these places.
Suppose now you put a civil superintendent
there, these men will work the same number of
hours in the day at the same kind of labor, and it
is probable the same amount of money will be
•spent. But I insist, if gentlemen argue this ques-
tion, they shall come down to the only practical
point involved. The question is, whether these
mechanics should be placed under a military man
or a civilian. That is the only question at issue.
Your ordnance corps will decide what kind of
arms to manufacture, whether the armorers are
under civil or military superintendence, and that
is all they would do if thty were to continue to
have control of them.
Mr. Chairman, I have every confidence in the
President of the United States, and I believe if
this question were left to his discretion, he would
act wisely; but I am opposed to the amendment
of the gentleman from Maryland, because it be-
longs to this House of Representatives to say
what shall be done in this matter. A large ma-
jority have already decided in favor of the civil
superintendence; and if the President approves or
disapproves of it, what has he to do with it? If
he leaves it to the Army officers, he wauld make
half a dozen more military posts over the country
The military committees have reported in favor of
abolishing half a dozen military posts which
already exist; and why have they done so? It is
because they are of no public-utility, and because
there is no necessity of involving the Government
in the expense of maintaining them Buttheyare
abolished, and the consequence is that you have
fewer posts at which you have to double the ra-
tions and increase the compensation of these Army
officers.
Mr. STANLY. I move to amend, pro forma,
by including the Secretary of War. My friend
from Indiana [Mr. GormaIj] asks, with a good
deal of emphasis and a tone of defiance, if any-
one can give a good reason why ait ordnance offi-
cer is better calculated to judge of the manufac-
