580
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ture of arras than a civilian? Now, in the first
place, who is to be the civilian there? Do I un-
- iters Sand my friend from Indiana to say that all
the Presidents who are hereaftar to be elected,
will put in to that office civilians who are well qual-
fied to judge of the manufacture of arms ? Sup-
pose he be a preacher, will he be a good judge of
arms ? Suppose he be an ex-member of Con-
gress—a \\ hig or a Democrat, I care not which—
is he a better judge of arms than an ordnance
officer? Why, sir, what is an ordnance officer?
Will the gentleman tell me r
Mr. GORMAN. I have said that if you put
a civil superintendent there, your ordnance officers
prescribe the character, the capacity, the peculiar-
ity, and the kind of arms that are to be manufac-
tured. If you put a military superintendent there,
he will do no more than control the labor of manu-
facturing, and the men who discharge that duty.
That is the point.
Mr. STANLY. Now, my friend from Indiana
gives up the whole question in the answer which
he has made. I am obliged to the gentleman. "I
thank thee, Jew, for teaching me that word."
He has answered his whole argument, and saved
me the trouble of going into it. I could not do it
as well. Then, sir, the confession has come out
in this debate, it has sprung out from the gentle-
man's own mind and mouth that there is a neces-
sity for an Ordnance Corps to " prescribe the char-
acter, the capacity, peculiarity, and the kind of
arms that are to be manufactured." Indeed!
Then my friend from Indiana will have this state
of things existing: there is to be a civil officer
there, under whose charge the arms are to be
made, right or wrong, and then they are to be ap-
E roved by an ordnance officer. Are you going to
ave a civil superintendent—an ex-member of
Congress, or a preacher—under the control of an
ordnance officer, to tell him how the arms are to
be made ? Does not the gentleman, in his answer,
tell us that ordnance officers are necessary to ex-
amine the arms and see if they are right? Does
he not give up the whole question > Where i.3 the
principle gone? Are not the arsenals under mili- !
tary superintendence? How is it in the navy- I
yards? Why do you not get civilians to manage I
ships and sailors? Are not sailors citizens' Are!
they not under military rule? These men have |
110 military rule over them. The men educated at i
West Point are chemists and mineralogists; they |
are taught to test iron, and are placed m the Ord-
nance Corps because of their peculiar qualifications, '
and know, from actual service, that this or that j
kind of metal is better for muskets than another i
kind; that this kind of carriage for cannon, by i
actual experience at West Point, is better than j
another. A part of my friend's argument goes
against himself, and he says that any man who !
comes here with the best recommendations from
his own district is as well qualified to judge of
arms as men whose special training has been in
that line.
Mr. GORMAN. Your ordnance bureau pre-
scribes the character of the arms, and not the su-
perintendent.
Mr. STANLY. The whole substance of my
friend's argument is, that " education comes by
nature,"and that any man, picked up anywhere,
Whig or Democrat, is just as well qualified to
judge of arms as Colonels Ripley, Churchill, or
Craig, or any other man who has been in the ser-
vice of his country thirty or forty years, in peace
or war, and whose special duty it is, and who has
been educated with a view of enabling him to
superinte^ the manufacture of arms. I thank my I
friend for answering his own question as he has
just now. If there is no objection I will withdraw
my amendment.
The amendment was withdrawn.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is upon the
amendment of the gentleman from Maryland '
Mr. EVANS, f ask for tellers. 7
Mr. SACKETT. I ask for the reading of the
amendment as it now stands.
Theamendment was accordingly read, as above
inserted.
Tellers were then ordered, and Messrs. Meade
and Briggs appointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 60, noes 80.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. GORMAN. I offer the following amend-
ment:
Ami that thr Secretary of War be authorized to dis-
tribute the arm* pm-, ideil ("or by tile act of Congress of 1808,
to the State of 1 owa, aeeurding to her representation hi
Congress.
The reason for my offering this amendment is,
that Iowa is the only Slate from which there has
been no militia returns. The Secretary of War
recommends that some action should be taken on
the subject by Congress; and the member from
Iowa desires it.
The question was taken on the amendment, and
it was adopted.
Mr. SNOW. I ctfer the following, as an addi-
tional section to the bill:
Jlnd be it further enacted, That the provision" ol the act
making appropriations tor the support of the Army, tor the
year ending 3tuh June, lBfil, approved 28th September. ]8r>0,
granting extra pay to the commissioned officers and enlisted
men in the United States Army, serving in California and
Oregon, from June 30th, 1850/ to March 1st, 1850, be, and
the same is hereby, extended to Ihe commissioned officers
and enlisted men serving during the same time in the ninth
military department, and the troops stationed at Fort Lar-
amie. And that so much as may be necessary of the moneys
now remaining unapplied of the said act, be also applied to
the payment of the otFieers and enlisted men serving in the
ninth military department, as aforesaid.
Mr. HOUSTON. I would inquire if that
amendment is in order? It proposes to make an
appropriation of money to pay officers and men
who served somethree, four, or five years ago, and
for which there is clearly, at present, no law.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks it is not
in order, but he will hear the gentleman's sugges-
tion in regard to it.
Mr. SNOW. I will state to the House, for its
information, that in 1850 a law was passed grant-
ing extra pay to the commissioned officers and
enlisted men of the army of the United States
serving; in Oregon or California, to the amount of
$325,854, on this basis : That there should be al-
lowed to each commissioned officer, while serving
in Oregon or California, a per diem, in addition to
their regular pay and allowance, of two dollars
each, and to each enlisted man, a per diem, in ad-
dition to their usual allowance and pay, equal to
the pay proper of each as established by the then
existing laws; which extra pay to the enlisted men
was to be continued until the first of March, 1852,
or until otherwise discharged.
Over $100,000 of that appropriation remains un-
expended, after settling with the California and
Oregon service. The amendment I propose to the
bill provides that there shall be paid out of this
surplus fund, to the commissioned officers and en-
listed men serving during the same time in the
ninth military department, and to the troops sta-
tioned at Fort Laramie, the same extra pay as
was provided by the act of 1850.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman is greatly in
error as to his facts in relation to the law of 1850.
,■ That was not a mere appropriation, like this pro-
: posed by the gentleman from New York. The
law of 1850 provided that the officers and enlisted
men who served in California and Oregon should
have a certain additional compensation, for a spe-
cified length of time, and an appropriation was
regularly made to meet that law. So the gentle-
man is mistaken in supposing that any of that
appropriation remains. The tenth section of the
civil and diplomatic bill would carry it back to the
Treasury, even if it had remained. Last session
we made an appropriation for California, and in-
cluded the very troops which the gentleman now
speaks of.
The point made by the gentleman from Georgia
[Mr. Toombs] against the amendment offered by
the gentleman from Indiana, which proposed to
create an additional regiment, will clearly apply,
with all its force, to this amendment. ,
Mr. SNOW. I would say to the gentleman
that the appropriation of 1850 was specific..
Mr. HOUSTON. I know it was. [
Mr. SNOW. It has not been expended, and
the appropriation more than covered the service.
Mr. HOUSTON. Does the gentleman speak
of the appropriation of 2850 or 1852?
Mr. SNOW. Of that of 1850.
Mr. HOUSTON. I assure the gentleman that
there is none of that appropriation now left. It has
gone back into the Treasury, as required by law.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Has the Chair decided
that the amendment is in order?
The CHAIRMAN. Under the state of facts
elicited by the remarks, the Chair decides that the
amendment is not in order.
So the amendment was not received.
Mr. STANLY. I move the following addi-
tional section, and I trust it will be adopted:
And be it further enacted, That the Secretary of < Var be
directed to report to Congress, whether, m his opinion, it
would not be more economical to cause all the arm- of the
United States to be made by contract.
The question was taken on the amendment, and
it was agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON. I now move that the bill be
laid aside, for the purpose of taking up the Indian
bill.
Mr. FREEMAN. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw his motion, and allow me to offer an-
other amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. It is the right of the gen-
tleman to propose an amendment, if he desires to.
Mr. FREEMAN. I offer the following amend-
ment:
Jlnd be it further cnaeted, That the sum of .^10,00ft is
hereby reappropriated for the purchase of a site for the ma-
rine hospital at Vicksburg, in Mississippi.
This amount of money was appropriated for a
marine hospital at Vicksburg two years ago; but
the commission sent out to select a site had not
yet made a report to the Treasury Department,
and the appropriation will have been carried to
the surplus fund by the 30th June next. I now
only ask its reappropriation, so that as soon as
the site is selected the building may be erected.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was agreed to.
Mr. SUTHERLAND. I submit the following
amendment, to come in as an additional section:
Jind be it farther enacted, That whenever the lieutenant
of the Corps of Engineers or Ordinance Corps shall have
served fourteen years continuous service as lieutenant, he
shall be promoted to the rank of captain : Provided, The
whole number of officers in either of said corps shall not be
extended beyond the number now fixed by law: Jlnd pro-
vided further, That no officer shall be promoted before
those who rank hnn in his corps.
Mr. HOUSTON. A proposition similar to
that was decided at the last session to be out of
order. I now rise to the point of order, whether,
in this bill making appropriations simply for the
military establishment as now existing by law,
we have the power under the rules of the House
to remodel the whole military establishment.
Mr. SUTHERLAND. «I have offered it to
come in as an additional section.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. It is clearly out
of order.
Mr. GORMAN. If there is anything in order,
it is that amendment.
Mr. STANLY. It is a very proper amend-
. ment. The Senate have passed it.
Mr. SUTHERLAND. It is the precise copy
of a Senate bill now on the Speaker's table.
Mr JONES. For that very reason, then, it is
out of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the
amendment is in order.
Mr. JONES. It is clearly out of order, under
an express rule that no bill pending in the House
shall be offered as an amendment to another.
The CHAIRMAN. The question will be on
the adoption of the amendment.
Mr. JONES. The gentleman says that it is an
exact copy of the Senate bill, and I ask the Chair
to make nis decision on the point of order I have
raised.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair supposed the
fentleman stated that it was not a precise cony,
ut the substance of the Senate bill. If it be an
exact transcript of that bill, the Chair will rule it
out of order.
Mr. SUTHERLAND withdrew his amend-
ment.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move that the committee
do now rise, and report the bill.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose, and the Speak-
er having resumed the chair, the Chairman (Mr.
Brown, of Mississippi) reported that the Commit-
tee ot the Whole on the state of the Union had
had the state of the Union generally under consid-
eration, and particularly House bill No. 336,
making appropriations for the support of the
Army for the year ending the 30th of June, 1854,
and had instructed him to report the bill back to
the House with sundry amendments.
Mr. HENN, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as correctly enrolled the bill of the
following title; and it thereupon received the sig-
nature of the Speaker:
