1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
581
•• An act authorising the Secretary of the Treasury to
issue a register to the American-built steamship Albatross."
A message was here received from the Senate
by Asuvry Dic-kins, Esq., its Secretary, noti-
fying the House that that body had concurred
in the amendments of the House to the following
bill, with an amendment:
S. No. 310. An act for the relief of the town of
Belleview, in Iowa.
And concurred in the following bill, with amend-
ments:
H. R. No. 157. An act for thereliefof Joaiah P.
Pilchei, la:e a private in company F, second Ken-
tucky \ulunieers, in the war with Mexico.
And passed the following bill:
S. No. 463. An act for the relief of Mary Wood-
ward.
And that the President had notified that body
that he did on the 9th of February approve and
sign the following bill:
S. No. 208. An act for the relief of Barbara
Reily.
Mr. HOUSTON. I call for the previous ques-
tion on the Army bill, and the amendments pro-
posed to it by the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
The call for the previous question was sec-
onded, and the main question was ordered to be
put.
Mr. HALL. I move that when the House
adjourns it be to meet to-morrow at twelve
o'clock, m.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agTeed to.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
there are some ten amendments. If there be no
objection, those on which no separate vote is de-
manded will be voted for en masse. If any gentle-
man desire a separate vote on any amendment, he
will please signify it as it is read.
The amendments were read by the Clerk, and
separate votes were demanded on the sixth amend-
ment by Mr. Evans, and on the tenth by Mr.
Sweetser.
The question was taken on theremaining amend-
ments, and they were agreed to.
The sixth amendmeift was reported as follows: 1
" Provide*. Thit from and after the first dayof Juty next
so much of the act of Congress, approved August 3d, !842,
as places the national armories under the superintendence
of an officer of the Ordnance Corps, be, and the same is
hereby repealed, and from that day, the said armories shall
be under that system of superintendence which existed
prior to the passage of the said act of Congress."
Mr. EVANS. I demand the yeas and nays on
that amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered. j
The question was taken, and the amendment !l
was agreed to—yeas 87, nays 5jfc as follows: i
YEAS—Messrs. Charles Allen, Willis Allen, Averett, .
David J. Bailey, Bartlett, Bocock, Bnggs, Busby, Joseph i|
Cable, Thompson Campbell, Chastain, Churchwell, Clark, ;
Clemens, Cleveland, Cobb, JohnG. Davis, Dawson, Dean, .
Dimmick, Durkee, Eastman, Edgerton, Edtnundson, !
Faulkner, Fay, Ficklin, Fitcli, Florence, Floyd, Freeman,
Gamble, Uaylord, Giddings, Goodrich, Gorman, Green,
Grow, Hall, Jshain G. Harris, Hart, Hendricks, Henn, Hol-
laday, Thomas Y. How, Ingersoll, Ives, Jenkins, An-
drew Johnson, John Johnson, George W. Jones, J. Glancy
Jones, Preston King, Kurtz, Letcher, Little, Mann, Me-
Lanahaii, McNair, Meade, Millson, Molony, Morrison,
Murphy, Murray. Nabers, Andrew Parker, Phelps, Polk,
Powell, Reed, Robbins, Robie, Russell, David L. Seymour,
Origen S. Seymour, Skelton, Snow, St. Martin, Stratton,
Sutherland, Sweetser, Thurston,Townsend,Tuck, Walsh,
and Wildrick—87.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, William Appleton, Barrere, Bell,
Bennett, Bowie, John H. Boyd, Brenton, Brooks, Albert G.
Brown, E. Carrington Cabell, CaJdwEll, Lewis D. Camp-
bell, Chandler, Chngman, Colcock, Cottman, Daniel, Dar-
by, George T. Davis, Dockery, Duncan, Evans, Grey,
Harper, Haws, Haven, Horsford, Houston, Howard, John
W. Howe, Thomas M. Howe, George G. King, Landry,
McQueen, Miller, Henry D. Moore, John Moore, More-
head, Newton, Orr, Penniman, Porter, Preston, Sabine,
Sackett, Schoonmaker, Stanly, Benjamin Stanton, Taylor,
Venablc, Walbridge, Ward, Washburn, Watkins, Welch,
Wilcox, Williams, and Woodward—59.
So the amendment was adopted.
Pending the above vote, Mr. Outlaw rose in
his place, and stated that on this question he had
paired off with Mr. Johnson of Arkansas.
The tenth amendment was then reported as fol-
lows:
" And be it further enacted, That the Secretary of War
be directed to report to Congress whether, in his opinion, it
would not be economical to cause all of the arms of the
United States to be made by contract."
The question was taken on the amendment, and
it was agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time, and being engrossed, it was, ac-
cording to order, read the third time, and passed.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed, and to lay the mo-
tion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. KING, of New York. I send to the Speak-
er a resolution which was handed to me by the Ser-
geant-at-Arms, for the purpose of enabling him to
close the account of Mr. Buell.
The tesolution was reported as follow.-;:
Resolved, That the Speaker be authorized to pay to the
widow of Hon. Alexander H. Bueli, deceased, whatever
balance was due said deceased, on account of mileage and
per diem at the lime of his death.
The question was taken and the resolution was
adopted.
Mr. STANLY. I would suggest, if we are to
have no evening sessions, that we meet at eleven
o'clock in the morning.
Objection was made.
Mr. PENNIMAN. I would ask the unanimous
consent of the House for leave to introduce the
following joint resolutions of the State of Michi-
gan:
" Joint resolution relative to the public domain.
" Resolved by the Senate of the State of Michigan, the
House of Representatives concurring herein, That our Sen-
ators and our Representatives in Congress be requested to
use their influence to procure the passage ofa lawsecuring
the title to every landless head of a family, free of charge, to
one hundred and sixty acres of land from our public domain,
who shall settle and cultivate the same for five years.
" Resolved, That the Governor be respectfully requested
to transmit a copy of this resolution to our Senators and 1
Representatives in Congress. j
•" Approved January 99, 1853." J
Objection was made. |
Mr. SWEETSER. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the House there-
upon adjourned till to-morrow at twel veo'clock, m.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions, memorials, &.c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate committees.
By Mr. ROBBINS : The petition of R. W. Lolly and 38 I
other citizens of Philadelphia county, asking Congress to 1
modify the act of 1850 so as to give to each person intended
to be benefited thereby, and to seamen and marines, one
hundred and sixty acres of land.
By Mr. PHELPS : The petition of James W. Owens, of
Laclide county, Missouri, praying to be permitted to cor-
rect a mistake in describing a tract of land which he claims
by preemption.
• By Mr. WALSH: A memorial of the Board of Trade of
Baltimore, praying that the third section of the act passed
31st August, 1852, being an act to establish certain post
roads, &c., may be repealed or modified.
Also, the memorial of Joseph J. Taylor, Moore N. Falls,
and others, steamboat owners of the city of Baltimore, i
praying a modification of the steamboat law passed at the
last session.
By Mr. WALBRIDGE : The memorial of William H.
Skinner and 59 others, citizens of Chemung county. New i
York, asking an appropriation of public lands to aid in the '
construction of .a ship canal around Niagara Falls on tlie
American side. !
By Mr. BELL : The memorial of Amos Soaper, of the
county of Monroe and State of New York, representing
that lie was one of the valiant band who signalized them-
selves in the defense of Plattsburg in the late war with
Great Britain, and to whom Congress, by resolution, May
20, 1826, directed the presentation to each of a rifle for their
services on that occasion, but that their time of service not
amounting to thirty days, tliey could receive no bounty
land under the existing laws, praying a special act allowing
to each of said company one hundred and sixty acres.
By Mr. IVES : The petiUon of Daniel Lee, and 32
others, citizens of Jefferson county, for the construction
of breakwaters in the harbor of Cape Vincent, New York,
and the construction and repair of light-houses in the v i-
cimty of Cape ViAcent.
By Mr. DARBY: The petition of Henry Papin,.Mary
Atchison, and others, praying for the confirmation of cer-
tain lands in the State of Missouri.
By Mr. DURKEE: The petition of Martin Lownson, for
a pension.
Also, the petition of Lewis Washburn for a pension.
By Mr. DOTif: His petition tor the passage of the bill,
of which he has heretofore given notice, to establish a rail-
road post route upon an air line between Washington city
and New York, and to provide for the construction of said
road.
Also, a joint resolution to authorize the Secretary ot State
to contract with American sculptors for full-length statues of
all the Presidents.
By Mr. GILMORE: The petition of citizens of Armstrong
county, Pennsylvania, for a post route from State Lick,
Pennsylvania,"to Cowersvill«, Pennsylvania.
By Mr. WALBRIDGE : The petition of Stephen McKin-
ney and 52 others, citizens of Tioga county, New York,
for a mail route from Owego, through the towns of Tioga I
and Barton, to Waverly, in said county of Tioga.
By Mr. BABCOCK: The petition of citizens of the
county of Oswego, praying an appropriation of land to
construct a ship-canal around Niagara Falls, in the State of
New York. : ,
By Mr. FLORENCE;: The memorial of William If.
Gaumer, agent of the Camden and Amboy Steamboat and ,.
Railroad Company; S. M. Felton, president New Castle
and Frenchtown Steamboat Company, and BalUmore,
VV ilniington, and Philadelphia Railroad Company ; M. Wil-
liamson, presidcntPhiladelphiaand Savannah Steam Navi-
gation Company; W. M. Baird, president Union Steamship
Company Irom Philadelphia to Richmond; A. Groves, jr.,
agent Baltimore and Philadelphia Steamboat Company; R.
r. Loper, president New York and Philadelphia Steamboat
Company ; D. W. flklredge, agent Sanford's line between
New \ ork and PhiladLlphia; Henry Winson, agent Boston
and Philadelphia Steamboat Company ; Wilmon Whelden,
jr., owner and proprietor Philadelphia and Wilmington
steamboats; McMakin 6c Bro ,owners and proprietors of
steamer Edwin Fori est; Charles VV. Bender, for the Schuyl-
kill River Company; JohnL. Uoberson, owner and propri-
etor of steamer Cohansey ; Isaac Mickel, president Cam-
den and Philadelphia Steamboat Company; and Henry H.
Fisher, in relation to the law passed 30th August, i852,
entitled "An act to provide for Hie better security of the
lives of passengers on board of vessels propelled in whole
or in part by steam ;" petitioning Congress to repeal said
act, or that it be so amended that it shall not take effect
until nine months after the publication by the supervisory
inspectors of the regulations required by said act.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, February 12, 1853.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a message of the President of the United
States, communicating the report of the Director
of the Mint for the past year; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance, and ordered
to be printed.
Also, a report of the Secretary of the Interior,
in answer to a resolution of the Senate calling for
a copy of the report and maps of a survey between
Indianola and El Paso, by the Topographical En-
gineers attached to the Mexican Boundary Com-
mission; which was ordered to lie on the table
and be printed.
HOUR OF MEETING.
Mr. GWIN. I ask the Senate to indulge me
in taking up and considering the resolution which
I offered the other day, with regard to changing
the hour of meeting.
Mr. HALE. I object. I want the morning
business through with.
Mr. GWIN. I move, then, to postpone all
prior business for the purpose of taking up the ■
resolution.
The question was taken, and on a division, there
were—ayes 21, noes 9; no quorum voting.
Mr. GWIN. I ask for the yeas and nays on
the question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BADGER. If it is in order, I will ask that
the resolution may be read.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the hour of meeting of the Senate shall
be eleven o'clock, from and after Monday next.
The question was then taken with the follow-
ing result—yeas 33, nays 8:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Atchison, Bell, Borland, Brad-
bury, Bright, Brodhead, Brooke, Cbss, Charlton, Chase,
Cooper, Davis, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa,Downs,
Felch, Fish, Foot, Geyer, Gwin, Houston, James, Mal-
lory, Miller, Phelps, Rusk, Shields,Simth, Spruance, Sum-
ner, Wade, and Walker—33.
NAYS—-Messrs. Bayard, Dawson, De Saussure, Fitz-
patrick, Hamlin, Mason, Pettit, and Underwood—8.
So the motion was agreed to.
The question was then taken on the resolution,
and it was adopted.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills from the House of Repre-
sentatives were severally read a first and second
time by their titles, and referred to the Committee
on Territories:
An act to establish the territorial government
of Washington;
An act to organize the Territory of Nebraska;
and
An act to amend an act entitled "An act to
' amend an act to settle and adjust the expenses of
' the people of Oregon from attacks and hostilities
' of Cayuse Indians, in the years 1847 and 1848,"
approved August 21, 1852.
The bill from the House of Representatives, to
amend an act entitled " An act for the relief of
Joseph Johnston," approved May 4, 1852, by
correcting a clerical error, was read a first and
second time by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. HAMLiN pieaented a petition of citizens
of Maine, who have been in the military service
of the United States, praying a modification of the
