582
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 12,
bounty land law, which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. SMITH submitted additional documents
in support of the claim of Dr. Wells to priority
of discovery of the use of ether as an anaesthetic
agent in surgical operations; which were referred
to the select committee appointed on the subject.
Mr. SOULE presented the petition of Joseph
H. Waring, praying; compensation for clerical ser-
vices in the office of the Solicitor of theTreasury;
which was referred to the Committee on Claims.
AI30, a petition of John Gusman, praying con-
firmation of his right to a tract of land in the
Greensburg land district, Louisiana; which was
referred to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. DAWSON presented the memorial of J.
Wilson Smith, praying indemnity for the illegal
seizure of the steamer F.mny by the United States
district attorney, and the custom-house officers
at Savannah; which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ABROAD.
Mr. HALE. I have received and been request-
ed to present to the Senate a petition from legal
voters of the township of Windham, Portage
county, Ohio, in which they ask the Government
to take such steps as to them may seem proper to
set forth to the Governments of the world, under
which religious liberty is not enjoyed, the duty
and advantage of granting this great right to their
subjects. The petttion is accompanied by a letter
in which is expressed the hope that our Govern-
ment will take the subject into consideration, and
urge it upon other Governments; and that they in
return will induce our Government to give not
only civil but religious liberty to the millions of
slaves we have in our own land.. I do not know
that 
The PRESIDENT. The motion to receive the
petition will lie upon the table.
Mr. HALE. There is nothing of the latter part
of my statement in the petition. That is only in
a private letter, which i do not present to theSen-
The PRESIDENT. The petition then will be
referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
BILLS RECOMMITTED.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. A bill came to us from
the House of Representatives to place a man by ,
the name of Bennet upon the pension rolls. It 1
■was referred to the Committee on Pensions here, *
and reported back adversely, upon the ground that
it did not appear from the testimony that he had
been wounded in the line of his duty. I wrote
home, as he was a Kentuckian, and I have been
furnished with evidence to show exactly how he
was wounded. I desire to ask that the bill may
be taken up and recommitted, with this additional
evidence; or, if the Senate will allow me to read
a single affidavit, it will perhaps consent to act on
the bill now.
Several Senators. Oh, no.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I hope, then, it will be
taken up and recommitted with the additional evi-
dence.
The PRESIDENT. If there be no objection,
the bill will be considered as before the Senate,
and will be referred, together with the testimony
offered by the Senator from Kentucky.
There was no objection.
CHARLES STEARNS.
Mr. BADGER. I reported a bill the other (lay,
from the Committee on the Judiciary, for the relief
of Charles Stearns. I wish that some further
evidence may be laid before the committee, and,
therefore, I desire that the bill be recommitted.
With that view, I move that the bill be now taken
up.
The bill was accordingly read a second time,
and considered as in Committee of the Whole.
On motion by Mr. BADGER, it was ordered
to be recommitted to the Committee 011 the Judi-
ciary.
JOHN P. CONVERSE.
On motion by Mr. WADE, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider a
joint resolution from the House for the relief of
John P. Converse, of Ohio. It proposes to direct
the Postmaster General to pay to him the sum of
jSG.Ifi 93, as compensation for his per diem services
and traveling and other expenses while acting as
special agent for the Post Office Department.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, and ordered to be read a
third time, and was read a third time and passed.
FISHERIES.
Mr. DAVIS. I have been instructed by the
Committee on Commerce, which has had under
consideration a bill to regulate the rights of fishing
and the rights of disposing of the proceeds of the
fisheries in and between the British North Ameri-
can provinces and the United States, to report it
back with two or three substantially verbal amend-
ments; and I am instructed also to ask the Senate
to consider it at this time, and if it meets its ap-
probation, to pass it. 1 apprehend that it will not
occupy much of the time of the Senate, or lead to
any discussion.
The PRESIDENT. It requires unanimous
consent to consider the bill at this time.
Mr. GWIN. It seems to me that it will take
up an hour.
Mr. DAVIS. I think it will occupy but little
time. It is a bill of a good deal of importance,
and I do not know that any gentleman can have
any objection to it.
Mr. GWIN. I have no objection to taking it
up.
Mr. MALLORY. I must ask the honorable
Senator to permit it to lie over until Monday. I
have not had an opportunity to see its provisions.
Perhaps if I could hear it read, I might not object
to its consideration.
The PRESIDENT. The bill will be read for
the information of the Senate.
It was accordingly read. It proposes to direct
that whenever the President of the United States
shall receive satisfactory evidence that the fisher-
men and fishing vessels of the United States are
admitted to the common rights and privileges of
British subjects resident in those provinces to fish
in the waters thereof and adjacent thereto, together
with the rights of curing and preparing for the
market the proceeds of such fisheries both upon
the water and the land, then he shall issue his
proclamation, authorizing the fishermen and fish-
ing vessels of said provinces to enjoy like privi-
leges in the waters of the United States, together
• with the privilege to enter the ports of entry in the
United States, and make sale of the fish and the
proceeds of the fisheries upon the payment of the
same duties which are required by law, of the fish-
ing vessels and their cargoes belonging to the t
1 United States; provided, that nothing contained in 1
the bill shall affect private rights of fishing, or give
any right to occupy private property except upon
agreement.
The committee propose to amend it, so that it
will read:
" That whenever the Presidentof the United States shall
receive satisfactory evidence that the fishermen and fishing
vessels of the United States are admitted tt> the common
rights and privileges of British subjects, resident in those
provinces, to fish in the waters thereof and adjacent thereto,
together with the right upon the water and the land, of curing,
preparing for the market, and to sell therein the proceeds of
such fisheries, then he shall issue his proclamation author-
izing the fishermen and fishing vessels of said provinces to
enjoy like privileges in the waters of the United States,
together with the privilege of entering the ports of entry in
the United States, and makingsaie of fish, and theproceeds
of the fishing, upon the payment of the same duties which
are required by law of the fishing vessels and their cargoes
belonging to the United Steles: Provided, That nothing 1
herein contained shall affect private rights of fishing, or '
give any right to occupy private property, except upon
agreement."
Mr, MALLORY. I must ask the honorable
Senator to permit it to go over.
Mr. DAVIS. If the Senator -W'U allow me, I
will state that it is a proposition to the British
Government to settle the difficulty in regard to the |
fisheries upon an entirely reciprocal basis. When-
ever the bill is passed, it will give to the British
Government just the same privilege of fishing in
our waters that we obtain in theirs, and just the
same right of entry to dispose of fish. It is en-
tirely reciprocal. What is given to one country ^
by it, is given to the other; that is the whole prop-
osition. Now, if the fishermen of our country can
stand that proposition, I think nobody can have
any objection to it at all; and therefore it is,as we
are drawing towards the close of the session, and
this is a question which, if unsettled, is likely to
be the cause of great difficulty hereafter, that it is
desirable it should be passed now, and go to the
House. I introduced it a week ago. I had it
! printed and laid upon the tables of gentlemen that
they might see it, and gave notice that I would .
early ask for its consideration. I have postponed
all movement in it for a week, and now I hope
that the Senator will withdraw his objection, and
let it be considered.
Mr. MALLORY. The proposition is precisely
what I supposed it was. There is a portion of
this country which has a very great interest inr
this proposition. I have 110 design or wish to
throw any obstacle in the way of reciprocity in
fishing upon the northern coasts; but some of the
most extensive fisheries of this couniry have yet
to be developed upon the southern coast of the
United States, and the class of persons who will
enter into those fisheries will be that class which
the southern country most wishes to exclude.
When the bill comes up for consideration, I de-
sign to submit an amendment which will touch the
interests of some of the most valuable and exten-
sive fisheries we have. I must therefore ask that the
bill may go over.
The PRESI DENT. It goes over, as a matter
of course,when objected to.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
A message from the House of Representatives
was received, by Mr. P. B. Hayes, its Chief Clerk,
announcing that it had passed a bill making ap-
propriations for the suppo'rt of the Army for the
year ending the 30th of June, 1854.
It was read a first and second time by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Finance.
MESSAGES FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives
was received, by Mr. P. B. Hayes, its Chief Clerk,
announcing that it had passed a bill for the relief
of John Millar.
Also, by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, announcing
that it had agreed to the amendments of the
Senate to the amendment of the House to the bill
for the benefit of the town of Belleview, in Iowa.
Also, that it had passed a bill from the Senat®
for the relief of John Williams.
COMMITTEE ON ENROLLED BILLS.
On motion by Mr. JONES, of Iowa, it was
Ordered, That a member be appointed to fill the vacancy
in the Committee on Enrolled Wills, and that the appoint-
ment be made by the President pro tempore.
And Mr. Pettit was appointed.
FEE BILL.
Mr. BRA DBURY. I move that the Senate now
proceed to the consideration of the special order,
which is the bill to regulate fees, costs, &c., in the
courts of the United States.
Mr. MILLER. Is that bill the special order
before one o'clock'
The PRESIDENT. It was made the special
order for half pa« twelve o'clock.
Mr. MILLER. I hope the honorable Senator
from Maine will not object to taking up the res-
olution with regard to Liberia, on which I gave
notice yesterday that I desired to be heard for a
few minutes to-day. I desire to express a few re-
marks only, and then to have it referred to the
committee.
Mr. BRADBURY. I would like to accommo-
date the honorable Senator from New Jersey, but I
cannot.
Mr. BUTLER. I give notice to the Senator
from New Jersey, that when that subject comes up,
it is not to be one of those complimentary courte-
sies of which the mover has the monopoly. I give
notice that he will be replied to, and by many
gentlemen on this floor.
Mr. MILLER. I will not then insist upon its
being taken up now.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I hope that the Senator
from New Jersey will give way to the request of the
Senator from Maine, who has been trying for a
long time to get up an important bill. It has been
made a special order for to-day, and 1 hope he may
be gratified.
Mr. MILLER. I stated that I would not object.
The Senate then proceeded, as in Committee of
the Whole, to consider the bill to regulate the fees
and costs to l>e allowed clerks, marshals, and at-
torneys of the circuit and district courts of the Uni-
ted States, and for other purposes.
Mr. BRADBURY. The Committee on the
Judiciary have instructed me to report sundry
amendments, which I ask may be considered; and'
I will state, with regard to these amendments, that,
with the exception of the first one, they are de-
signed to correct some supposed deficiencies in the
