.584
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 12,
always be so. The emoluments will always be '
commensurate with the extent of business; and if
• you vary from that principle, the result will be
that the bill will result in nothing like the shape
of uniformity, and it will produce no reform at
all.
Mr. BROOKE. I know that in times jjoneby,
the office of marshal 111 Mississippi has been a
very valuable one; but for several years past, its
compensation has been decreasing, and the fees
now have got down to a rate barely sufficient to
compensate the officer. And at the last court in
Jackson, for the southern district of the State, the
appearances were only twenty-five, I think—cer-
tainly not more than thirty—and those for small
amounts, ranging from $500 to $3,000 or $4,000. I
know very well, from representations made to me
by intelligent gentlemen who have an opportunity
of knowing, that for the last two or three years the
marshal there has not realized over $1,500 a year.
Now, I am opposed to the Senator from Maine
measuring by by-gone years. I presume that I
know as much about the compensation of the
officers of the State of Mississippi, and what that
compensation should be, as the Senator from
Maine does; and I am not disposed to see injustice
done to this class of men, simply for the sake of
preserving the symmetry of this bill. If the bill
does injustice, let it be corrected, although its fair
proportions may be thereby marred.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, I wish that the
Senator from Mississippi would be kind enough
to inform the Senate how many days the marshal
in Mississippi has to work to obtain those $1,500,
ir% the course of theryear ?
Mr. BROOKE. 1 am not able to say.
Mr. HALE. Nor am I; but I venture to say
not thirty; and when the Senator appeals to us on
account of the marshal for Mississippi, because
he does not get more than $l,500"a year, he ought
to remember that this country was set on fire from
one end of it to the other some years ago, because
members of Congress voted themselves $1,500 a
year; and now this bill is to be opposed because
the marshal of Mississippi, for a service probably
not exceeding thirty, or sixty days at the outside,
gets what the whole country was up in arms
against members ofCongressvotingfor themselves.
I think that if the Senator from Mississippi would
look at the disclosures which came to us from the
First Comptroller's Office of the abuses that are
practiced under , the existing table of fees, he
would not oppose this bill, even if it should in a
few cases operate so oppressively as to reduce
the compensation of the marshal of Mississippi
to $1,500 a year. The marshals in a good many
of the States do not get that. My friend from
North Carolina [Mr. Badger] says that the
marshal of his district would be glad to get $1,200
a year. I will give bond that the marshal of the
State of New Hampshire will be satisfied in all
coming time, if he gets $1,000 a year. Let Sena-
tors look at the facts which are disclosed by Mr.
Whittlesey, First Comptroller, in his report on the
subject. By that it will be seen that in what was
substantially one case in the district of Massachu-
setts, a marshal received about $G,000 fees. I am
right, I think.
Mr. BRADBURY. Yes, sir.
Mr. HALE. In substantially one single case,
fees were there charged and received to the amount
of $6,000. There is no possible way in which
the Treasury can be more plundered than it is now,
by the anomalous condition of the fee bill which
at present exists. This is a simple attempt at re-
form. If it is not perfect, there is a better time
coming; there is anew Administration coming into
power that will set all these things right, and put
in better men to fill these offices. But now let us
make a beginning. Let us, in the words of a great
orator, " hear the footsteps of the coming hero,"
and prepare for him by beginning the work of re-
form which he is to carry out so thoroughly and
efficiently; and 1 can assure the Senate, and the
country, that there is no way in which it can be
done more effectually than by passing this fee bill; '
and if it turns out to be oppressive in any individ-
ual case, so that there are some marshals so hor-
ribly oppressed that they do not receive more than
$1,500 a year, and we find that that is entirely in- ;
adequate and incompetent, the new Administra- I
tion which is coining in so soon will remedy the j1
evil. They will not suffer such injustice as that to ij
remain long. But let us do something, for if this |
' bill goes by, we shall lose a great chance of doing
good.
Mr. BRADBURYaddressed the Senate, at some
length, upon the general principles involved in the
bill, in a speech which will be published hereafter
in the Appendix.
The amendment of Mr. Brooke was rejected.
Mr. ADAMS. I beg leave to offer an amend-
ment, which I believe meets the approbation of the
Senator who has this bill in charge. It is to add
at the end of the section fixing the tax fees of at-
torneys, the following:
Provided, That in those States wherein, in the State
courts costs are not recovered against the losing party in
civil suits by the other party, or his attorney, no docket fee
shall be taxed in such cases in the circuit or district courts
of the United States held in such States.
Mr. BRADBURY. I am afraid to adopt any
such amendment as this, lest by a multiplicity of
amendments we shall lose the bill in the House,
and thus lose the benefits of the reform which the
bill is designed to effect. The effect of the amend-
ment will be this: In civil suits many of the States
have no fee bill, and therefore the prevailing party
does not recover costs for the attorney of the pre-
vailing party. In this bill it is proposed to give a
uniform fee in all the States. The Senator from
Mississippi desires to except his State, and to pro-
vide that inasmuch as they have no fee bill giving
costs in the State courts in civil suits, there shall
be none in the United States courts. I think the
bill had better stand as it is. This amendment
might not be very objectionable, but at the same
time it may hazard the bill in the House, and
therefore I hope he will not insist upon it.
Mr. ADAMS. I have no-disposition to throw
difficulties in the way of this bill, but I will ex-
plain the amendment. The bill proposes a refor-
mation of abuses, with a view to reduce the ex-
penses of suits in the Federal courts, which come
; out of the pockets of the unfortunate debtor. But
[ if you scan the bill, you will find that in many
j States, instead of reducing, it increases the costs,
but transfers their receipt from clerks and mar-
shals, and gives them to the successful ajforney;
and the title of the bill should be amended so as
to read, one for transferring fees and costs from
clerks and marshals to attorneys. Twenty dollars
is the tax fee allowed by this bill to the successful
attorney. Where the matter in dispute is $500,
and it is between citizens of different States, the
suit may be brought in the United States courts]
Suppose such a case as that—the case of a debt,
and a suit is brought in the United States courts.
If it were brought in the State courts, which would
be just as good a place for the collection of debts,
the entire court costs would be from eight to eleven
dollars; but the collecting attorney has an induce-
ment to bring the action in the Federal courts,
that it may cost the unfortunate debtor five or
ten times as much as it would if brought in the
State courts, and put him to a great deal of in-
convenience. Suppose the debtor has an offset
which the creditor refuses to allow him for, and
the action is brought in the Federal courts, and
the offset should be allowed, and leave a balance
of one hundred dollars, which should be recovered
by the plaintiff. There would be twenty dollars
of a tax fee to the successful attorney, to be paid
by the party losing one hundred dollars. Would
that be just ?
In my opinion there is no propriety, and never
was any propriety, in giving the successful attor-
ney one cent from the pocket of the unfortunate
debtor. What propriety can there be in requiring
the unsuccessful defendant to pay for the attorney
who prosecutes him? If such a provision is wanted
in the other States, I have no objection. The Le-
gislature of my State has long since abolished the
tax fee of the attorney, as it is generally termed;
and now to pretend here that you are reducing
the fees when you leave this provision in the bill,
is an assertion not supported by fact. It is but a
transfer of them. The tax now, by a rule of the
United States courts, is, I believe, ten dollars.
You reduce the marshal and the clerk, who per-
form the labor, and give the successful attorney
twenty dollars in place of ten dollars.
Mr. BRADBURY. He gets twenty dollars if
the case goes to the jury; ten dollars if it does not.
Mr. ADAMS. 1 am aware of that, but there
is no propriety in the provision at all; and it is
more objectionable to retain the feature to which I
allude, than to have no bill passed. I know there
i are many abuses which ought to be corrected, but
what propriety—what reason is there in requiring
the unsuccessful party to give the successful at-
torney twenty dollars out of his own pocket? Men
often differ honestly in regard to their rights, and
it is a very difficult matter to determine which is
wrong, and the man who is unsuccessful and has
a judgment of the court against him, and all the
legitimate costs to pay, ought not, in my opinion,
to be taxed with twenty dollars more for the suc-
cessful attorney. There is no consideration re-
quiring this payment, it seems to me. The client
gives the attorney a reasonable compensation for
his services. He gives him a percentage upon
the money which he collects; and to make the un-
fortunate debtor pay for the collection of the debt,
is wrong in principle.
I wish, however, to throw no difficulty in the
way of this bill; and I understood that the Sena-
tor who had charge of it would be willing to agree
to the amendment, and in fact, it was drawn up
by him at my suggestion. He has no objection
to its principle, but his suggestion is that if we
adopt it, we may lose the bill in the other House.
Let me remind him that there are many amend-
ments which have been made at the suggestion of
the Committee on the Judiciary, and if this
amendment should be adopted by the sanction of
the Senate, the House of Representatives will not
inquire as to this or any other particular amend-
ment, whether it was recommended by the com-
mittee or put in by an exercise of the judgment
of the Senate. I shall insist upon my amend-
ment, and I would greatly prefer, much as I de-
sire to see the prevalent abuses reformed, that the
whole bill should be lost rather than that you
should increase in place of diminishing expenses,
by giving twenty dollars to the successful attor-
ney from the pocket of the unfortunate loser of
the suit.
Mr. BAYARD. It seems to me that the same
objection pertains to this amendment as to the
former one; that is, it seeks to alter a bill whose
object is not merely reduction but uniformity, so
as to conform to the particular State practice.
That, I think, is a sufficient objection; but I have a
word to say in reply to the remarks of the honor-
able Senator from Mississippi, as to the view
which he takes of this compensation to the attor-
ney. He seems to suppose that its object is to
favor the attorney. Not so; it favors the client.
The question has been often mooted as to whom
the obligations of thfe expense of a litigated suit
■ should fall upon—whether costs should be allowed
to the party who succeeds in thecontest, or whether
no costs should be allowed, and each should pay
j his own. But, generally speaking, in all courts,
a certain amount, at all events, is allowed to the
party succeeding, i# the shape of costs, on the
ground that he who, either from error ofjudgment
or intention, chooses to compel his opponent to go
into a court of justice to contend for rights which
he there establishes, ought to bear, in part, the
onus for their recovery. That is the principle on
which costs are allowed, as well to the attorney as
to clerical and ministerial officers. I know not
how it may be in the State of Mississippi; it may
be that the attorneys there do nothing, and that
the marshals and clerks may do everything. Itis
not so, however, within the range of practice
which has come within my experience, either in
my own State, in the State of Maryland, in the
! State of Pennsylvania, or in the State of New
York.
Mr. ADAMS. If the Senator will allow me, I
will explain the course of things in my State.
We formerly had a tax fee in our circuit courts,
but it was afterwards abolished; and its abolition
did not in the least degree affect the amount of
compensation which attorneys charged for the col-
lection of debts or the bringing of suits. The fee
was simply a bonus to the attorney, and experience
showed that its abolition does not affect in the least
the party in employing and paying counsel.
Mr. BA"iARD. I have no doubt that the al-
lowance of the fee does tend to reduce the costs
of the successful party; but if I unde stood cor-
rectly the honorable Senator from Mississippi, the
costs whicn the party would recover for the attor-
ney in the State of Mississippi in the State courts,
would be from eight to eleven dollars.
Mr. ADAMS. Nothing at all.
Mr. BA\ARD. Then they allow no costs, and
I was mistaken as to that point. But for myself,
