586
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 12,
discrimination has long been made. It existed in
England before we were a Government. It exists
there yet. 1' has existed here since the founda-
tion of this Government, and still exists, and I
hope it will always continue. This, consequently,
is making no new discrimination.
Mr. BRIGHT. If the amendment offered by
the honorable Senator from Wisconsin be voted
down, I have an amendment which I shall pro-
pose. I hope his amendment will be voted down,
for the reason that I think there is something un-
fair and illiberal in the test proposed to be made
by thajamendment. It looks to me like disfran-
chising a portion of the community, which would,
I think, under the circumstances, be unfair. If it
should be voted down I propose to offer the fol-
lowing:
That hereafter all clerks of the circuit and district courts
of the Umted States shall be appointed by the President of
the United States, by and with the advice and consent of
the Senate.
Mr. SEWARD. That will do.
Mr. BRIGHT. I see no reason why these of-
ficers should not be appointed by the President,
subject to confirmation by the Senate, in the same
manner as marshals. There is great responsibility
in both cases, and the emoluments are larger, and
perhaps more responsibility attaches to the clerk
than to the marshal.
Mr. BAYARD. If the amendment be voted
down, I also propose offering an amendment some-
what similar to that of the honorable Senator from
Wisconsin; but I do not concur in the propriety
of that which has been suggested by the honor-
able Senator from Indiana. The reason why I
assent to the principle of the amendment of the
honorable Senator from Wisconsin is this: you
now confide by law the power of appointing the
clerks of your courts to the judges of those courts,
on the assumption—and I think it is a sound one—
that the duties being peculiar in their character,
requiring a degree of technical knowledge which
the judge is competent to supervise, and I may
say, requiring a peculiarity of intellectual power
on the part of the clerk, that it is proper the con-
trolling and appointing power over that officer
should be in the hands of the judge. The reason
why I think the principle of the amendment of tlje
honorable Senator from Wisconsin ought to be
applied is, that judges holding their office during
good behavior, there ought to be a restriction on
their appointing power, which does not belong to
the appointing power when conferred upon the
President, who holds by.a different tenure, and is
responsible to the people.
I am in favor, as I nave said, of the principle of
the amendment of the honorable Senator from
Wisconsin; but I am opposed to its action upon
existing cases, because, when I pass a general law,
I do not wish to reflect upon, or condemn men
without giving them an opportunity to be heard.
The cases to which such an amendment would
apply, must now be few in number, and they will
soon die off. The object is to provide for the fu-
ture, and for purposes of general legislation, and
therefore it is that I am willing to vote for some
such amendment. With a view to simplify the
matter, and with a view to restrict the power of
the judges in any future appointments, looking to
the infirmity of humanity, and taking into consid-
eration the term of the judge, during good beha-
vior, I intend to propose this amendment:
That no circuit or district court shall hereafter appoint
any lineal relation or collateral relative, by blood or mar-
riage, of anyjudge thereof within the third degree.
I think that would cover entirely all future ap-
pointments, and would be a proper restriction upon
the appointing power of an officer who, holding
during good behavior, does not stand in the same
degree of responsibility, and whose tenure is not
limited like that of the President. If it were not
for that consideration, I could see no reason for im-
posing any restriction at all upon his power of
appointment. But I prefer this to the amendment
of the Senator from Indiana, because I do think
that in the selection of clerks, guarding against
that infirmity of humanity to which we are all
liable, the judge of the court is the person who,
from his knowledge and position, is most appro-
priate to select an individual to perform correctly
the duties of the clerk of the court. I do not now
offer the amendment which I have suggested, but
1 hope the honorable Senator from Wisconsin will
accept it as a substitute for his.
Mr. WALKER. I would not have any ob-
j jection to accepting it if it contained after the word
" appoint," the words " continue in office."
Mr. ADAMS. I should not have opened my
1 mouth upon this amendment if the vote had been
i taken when the proposition was first made; but
perceiving that there are indications favorable to
its adoption, I cannot suffer it to pass without en-
tering my protest against it. The Senator from
Kentucky was perfectly right in his comparison of
this proposition to a religious test. Why what is
proposed here in this free country? A test of quali-
fication for office. Let me ask, what are the duties
of the clerk of acourt? He has no judicial power.
He is a mere register of the decrees and the orders
and the judgments of the court, as your Secretary
here is the registerofthe proceedings of this body.
Heretofore it has been supposed to be right and
proper that the judge should render the judgments;
and inasmuch as it was inconvenient for him to
enter his own judgments, should select an indi-
vidual to do it for him. But no w it is proposed that
a certain class of persons shall be disfranchised
and disqualified from receiving that appointment
—and for what offense? The odious offense of
being related in some way or other to the presid-
ing judge. Is that an offense for which an indi-
vidual should be disqualified by the laws of the
United States from holding an office? It has not
been so considered heretofore. If abuses have
grown up under the system, change the appoint-
ing power; but if you give to the judge who ren-
ders the judgment the author ty of selecting the
individuals who are to register his decrees, give it
to him untranrmeled, and do not restrict him, and
prevent him from appointing individuals who may
happen to be related to him.
These men now hold their offices for life, or
during good behavior, and this attempt to legis-
late them out of office is of at least doubiful con-
stitutionality. "While the officers remain, they
having received their offices, it seems to me that
they cannot be removed by any act of this Legis-
lature. All that can be done must be done pro-
spectively; and even then what power has this
Government to say that any particular class of
individuals shall not be permitted or entitled to
hold any office within the gift either of the people
or of any of the constituted authorities of the
country? Where do you get such power to dis-
franchise individuals simply on account of rela-
tionship to the presiding judge ? I say that you
have no right to disfranchise men unless it be for
crime. Men convicted of crimes maybe disqual-
ified, and the Senate may pass upon an officer by
impeachment, and disqualify him; but you have
no power under the Constitution to vacate a man's
appointment after he has been in office, because of
his being related to ajudge. His relationship is
not such a ttynting of his blood, it is not such a
crime, as confers upon Congress power to disfran-
chise him, or disqjslify him from holding office.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I shall favor the amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from Indiana. I am,
nevertheless, for reasons which I have already ad-
vanced , and those which have been so well advanced
by the gentleman from Mississippi, against intro-
ducinga testin regard to relationship,and especially
as the gentleman from Wisconsin seeks to apply it.
His amendment does not object to the manner in
which a clerk now in office discharges his duty. By
no means. But although he may be the best clerk in
the whole country, performing every function with
the utmost propriety and honesty, if he happens
to be tainted by this relationship to the judge, he
is to be turned out, not for any fault, but simply
because of his relationship. I cannot sanction in
any way a principle of that sort. I am, however,
as much against nepotism as is the Senator from
New York, [Mr. Seward,] or any one else. I
do not know that any relation of mine is a clerk
of a United States court. 1 do not knowthatany
of my family will be affected by these new tests.
For myself, I shall hold office for a very short
time, and therefore I am perfectly disinterested.
I am in favor of the amendment suggested by
the honorable Senator from Indiana, because it has
been said by gentlemen that the practice of judges
appointing their relations to office has existed to
an improper extent. I say that the remedy for
that is the one pointed out by the Constitution. It
is to allow the Executive of the country to appoint
these officers subject to ratification by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate.
This bill authorizes these officers to obtain sala-
ries to the amount of $3,500 per annum. You
have heretofore, in reference to the Post Office De-
partment, provided by law that if the fees and
emoluments of any postmaster shall amount to a
$1,000 a year, his appointment shall be give# to
the President, subject to the advice and consent of
the Senate. Here, then,are officers, according to
your legislation—according to your action—accord-
mgto facts known through llie country, three times
more important in reference to salary, and ten times
more important in reference to fees than those to
which I have referred, and yet youallow those offi-
cers, under that provision of the Constitution au-
thorizing Congress to vest the appointment of in-
ferior officers in the heads of Departments, and in
the courts of law—those more important officers in
pointofdutiesand salary—to be appointed in away
liable to abuse, and you require postmasters who
only get $1,000 a year to be appointed by the Ex-
ecutive, subject to the ratification of the Senate. I
think the gentleman from Indiana has given us
the proper remedy. I will vote for his amend-
ment, and against that of the Senator from Wis-
consin. The latter is to turn out clerks without
fault on their part, merely because of relationship.
The amendment suggested by the Senator from
Indiana is prospective, and I think will work most
admirably under the Constitution.
Mr. SHIELDS. I move the postponement of
this subject. It seems that instead of taking up a
day, it will take a week; and in the way in which
we are going on, I doubt whether we shall ever
be able to complete any subject. The regular or-
der of the day was postponed for this bill; and I
have from day to day given way and allowed
other bills to come up. Several bills introduced
long ago were made the order of the day for to-
day; and I hope they will be taken up. I prom-
ise that if they shall be taken up, and they lie de-
bated and discussed, I will agree to postpone them,
rather than that the time of the Senate shall be con-
sumed as it has been this morning. I move to
postpone the further consideration of this subject
until Monday, for that purpose.
Mr. BRADBURY. I appeal to the honorable
Senator from Illinois to withdraw his motion, and
I appeal to the friends of the bill to allow the vote
to be taken. I hope we may be able to dispose of
the bill in a.very snort time. It has occupied now
about an hour, which is longer, perhaps, than is
necessary; but it is a bill of great importance. Let
j me, however, before I sit down, state one fact:
! Under the existing system, I understand that
i $150,000 have been.ckinied by a single officer in
a single district. I hope that a stop will be put to
such practices at once; therefore I hope we shall
immediately vote upon the amendments, and then
upon the bill.
Mr. BUTLER. When new propositions are
before the Senate, I think we ought to have a lat-
itude of debate upon them. I do not think that
this proposition ought to have been brought for-
ward as an amendment to this bill; but if a propo-
sition of this kind, involving a great principle, be
brought forward, I cannot yield to the force of the
suggestions of the honorable Senator from Illinois,
that we should vote blindfold, and have no dis-
cussion upon a most important principle. This is
one of those bills where the gentleman having
charge of it should say, " I will refuse all amend-
ments, and I call upon the Senate to vote."
So far as it regards this amendment, I concur
entirely with the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr.
Underwood.] I will not drive a judge into such
a position that he cannot take into his confidence as
clerk, a clever son-in-law, when he may be com-
pelled, by the adoption of the amendment, to take
a political adversary to be one of his own house-
hold. Why, it is a strange kind of legislation, if
we are to disfranchise a judge from making a se-
lection of the very kind of persons who, perhaps,
he would most wish to have in his confidence. I
shall oppose the amendment suggested by the hon-
orable Senator from Indiana, and for this reason:
The President has too much patronage already,
and this will give rise to other contests such as
we have seen for years past—a contest for a clerk-
ship worth, perhaps, not more than $1,500 or
$2,000 a year. The Senator from Indiana has
drawn a parallel between the clerk and the mar-
shal. He must remember that the marshal collects
thousands and perhaps millions of dollars in the
, course of a year, and the district attorney has the
