588
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 12,
to give it to whom? Not to the ultimate sover-
eigns of this country; not to the people of the
United States; not to the people of a State or of a
district, but to the President of the United States.
That is the object of the amendment. Until it
can be shown that the functionary to whom it is
proposed to give this power is better qualified to
exert it than the functionary from whom it is pro-
posed to be taken, the proposition is an untenable
one.
The Senator says that I attributed to him the
purpose of increasing Executive patronage. I did
not say so, though I must confess I doubt very
much whether the honorable Senator would have
submitted his proposition if the condition and cir-
cumstances of the parties of this country, and the
incoming'Administration, were different from what
they are now. Not that I suppose the honorable
Senator is conscious or would willingly yield to
any influence of that kind. But still, as I do not
attribute perfection to the judges of these courts,
neither do I attribute it to the honorable Senator
himself; and we are all likely to be swayed by
considerations of that kind, without being dis-
tinctly sensible of them, and when we would not
willingly yield to such influences.
As to the remark which the honorable Senator
was pleased to make about ajudge of the Supreme
Court of the United States, I submit the good
taste and decency of it to the Senate. I have no
reply to make to it.
Mr. BRADBURY. I appeal to the Senators
who are desirous of passing this bill, that they
will not insist upon their amendments. It is per-
fectly obvious that the amendments which cause
so much discussion here might lead to the loss of
the bill in the other House.
Mr. BRODHEAD. They have the previous
question there.
Mr. BRADBURY. But still the adoption of
such amendments by the Senate, might have the
effect of preventing the bill being'taken up for con-
sideration in that House, for it must be done by a
two-thirds vote, I believe. Let us vote upon the
amendments. If there is a majority of the Senate
for them, let us adopt them. I hope, however,
they will not be adopted, but that we shall take !
the bill as it is, leaving to the future the regulation
of the appointments now sought to be controlled -
in this bill. There will be opportunities upon !
other bills to offer the same amendments, and I
hope they will not be placed upon this bill.
Mr. BRIGHT. I do not know, Mr. President,
whether I correctly interpret the concluding re-
mark of the Senator from North Carolina; but if
I do, that Senator, greatly to my surprise, sup-
poses that I referred to him, in speaking of my
preference for officers of the same political faith as
myself, from supreme judges down. I can as-
sure him that I did not. There is nothing in my
course here that warrants him, or any other Sen-
ator, in supposing me capable of so great a dis-
courtesy as that would have been. Perhaps I was
unfortunate in not making myself clearly under-
stood. I spoke of a principle that had guided me
through life in the choice of any and all officers
I had ever voted for, not intending to apply it to
any particular case; and if a personal application
. of the remark is made, it will grow out of what
has been said by that honorable Senator, and not
out of anything said by me.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. If the question is pal
upon striking out and inserting, and it should be
agreed to, will the matter inserted then be subject
lo amendment?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Norris
in the chair.) It will not be subject to amend-
ment, unless by additions.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Then I ask for a divis-
ion of the question, and to have the vote first
taken upon striking out.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. According to
the rules of the Senate, a motion to strike out and
insert is not divisible.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Then I would be very
glad if the gentleman from Indiana would so mod-
ify his amendment as to strike out that part of it
which requires an appointment to be made for four
years. 1 would like to have these clerks ap-
pointed as officers of the Army and Navy are
appointed, and that will get clear of the objection
that we are making a mere political machine of it,
and that we are going in for patronage and not for
principle; and thus it will avoid this struggle every
I four years. I hope those words will be stricken
! out.
| Mr. HALE. I wish to suggest to the Senator
; from Kentucky, that ifthis amendment should be
adopted, he can amend it when the question comes
up in the Senate on concurring in it when made
in Committee of the Whole, and then it can be
amended.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Very well, sir; I will
wait until that time.
Mr. RUSK. I shall vote against the whole of
these amendments, irrespective of their merits or
demerits. We are engaged in the consideration
of a bill for the purpose of regulating the fees of
certain officers of the United States courts. We
are not fijing, according to my estimation of the
matter, the tenure of the office or the appointing
power. That matter, when it comes up, ought to
be well and judiciously considered. We are at-
tempting here to remedy, by this bill, a great
abuse; and I trust we shall pass the bill as it
stands, and whenever it becomes necessary to in-
crease or diminish patronage, we can do it in a
separate bill upon its own merits.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected,
and the question recurred on the original amend-
ment as offered by Mr. Walker.
Mr. HALE. I shall vote against -the amend-
ment, concurring, as I do, in the views of the
honorable Senator from Texas. I am in favor of
the principle of the amendment, but I shall not
vote to attach it to this bill. While I am up, I
wish to say that I differ from almost everybody
who has spoken here, in expressing such great
confidence in the judges. I think the judges are
made up of human nature. I think I have seen
as much of it in judges as in most men, and I have
as little confidence in them as in members of Con-
gress, and rather less. I wanted to express this
j sentiment, because it is fashionable to ejtpress so
much confidence in judges. I tell you, that when
you put them on the bench, on those life seats, the
; current of their opinion turns very rapidly, and I,
| for one, have very little confidence in them.
! Mr. BAYARD. I propose to amend the amend-
' ment of the honorable Senator from Wisconsin,
by striking out all of it after the enacting clause,
and inserting these words:
That no circuit or district court shall hereafter appoint any
lineal relation or collateral relative, by blood or marriage,
I of any judge thereof, within the third degree.
I This amendment varies the proposition of the
honorable Senator from Wisconsin in two respects;
one is, that it makes that proposition entirely pro-
spective; the other is, that it does not prevent a man
now in office from retaining the office of clerk, be-
;> cause a relation has been appointed judge. I am
opposed to the amendment of the honorable Sen-
ator from Wisconsin, if these provisions are re-
tained in it. I am willing to vote for the general
principle of it, as modified in theproposition which
I have offered.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected,
II and the question recurred on the original amend-
I ment of Mr. Walker.
I The question being taken by yeas and nays
! upon that amendment, resulted—yeas 16, nays 36; j
j as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Borland, Brodhead, Cass, Chase, Davis,
Felch, Hamhn, Houston, James, Jones of Tennessee,
Seward, Smith, Sumner, Wade, Walker, and Weller—16.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Atchison, Badger, Bayard, Bell,
Bradbury, Bright, Brooke, Butler, Charlton, Cooper, Daw-
son, De Saussure, Douglas, Fish,Fitzpatrick, Foot, Geyer,
Hale, Hunter, Jones of Iowa, Mallory, Manguiu, Mason,
Morton, Norris, Pettit, Phelps, Pratt, Rusk, Sebastian,
Shields, Soule, Spruance, Toucey, and Underwood—36.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I wish to read a por- i
tion of this bill, and then to ask a question for in-
formation; and perhaps it may be necessary, ac-
cording as that information may be communicated
to the Senate, to offer an amendment. This bill i
I provides that " no district attorney, marshal, or j
' clerk, or other deputies, shall receive any other >
' or greater compensation for any services ren- |
' dered by him than is provided in this act." Then
toward the latter part of the same paragraph I '
find these words: that if any of them shall " de- t
' mand and receive any other or greater fees than
• those allowed in this act, he shall, on conviction
' thereof in any court of the United States, forfeit
'and pay a fine not exceeding $500, and be im- 1
' prisoned not exceeding six months, at the dis-
'cretion of the court." Now, sir, I am a friend I
of the clerk of the court in this District, and I
' should regret very much to see him in the peni-
tentiary, or in jail; I wish, therefore, to ask this
question: Is it tne intention of the committee that
reported this bill, to repeal all laws which allow
fees in the courts of the District of Columbia for
administration upon decedents' estates, for the
settlement of guardians'accounts, for recording
deeds in regard to conveyances, and ifi fact for
doing all the local business which pertains to State
jurisdiction proper, exclusive of those matters
which pertain to the administration of the powers
of the General Government ? The district and cir-
cuit courts of the United States in the District of
Columbia, embrace all the civil and criminal mat-
ters, and the business in connection with inheri-
tances that belong in the States to the State courts,
and also all the matters properly belonging to dis-
trict and circuit courts of the United States within
the States. This bill does not grant fees for all
of those services. Now 1 want to know whether
it repeals laws authorizing fees for them in this
District ?
Mr. BRADBURY. If the Senator had com-
menced reading a few lines before those which he
did read, he would have found these words: " if
' any officer hereinbefore mentioned, or his depti-
' ty, shall, by reason, or by color of his office, will-
' fully and corruptly demand and receive other or
' greater fees," he shall be liable to the penalty.
I had supposed that the bill, as prepared in the
House, had reference to the fees of officers in the
United States courts within the States; but, as
the Senator from Kentucky has observed, there are
various services rendered by the clerk of the circuit
court in this District which would not be specific-
ally provided for by the bill as it stands, although
I think he could receive an adequate compensation
under it. Hence it was that the honorable Senator
from North Carolina [Mr. Badger] is, I believe,
about to propose an amendment to restrict the bill
to courts within the States. I hope that will be
satisfactory to the Senator from Kentucky.
! Mr. BADGER. I intend at the proper moment
to suggest an amendment of that kind. The bill,
as it is framed, does not, according to the strict-
ness of its language, exclude the courts of this
District; manifestly it ought to exclude them.
Mr. BUTLER. It was so understood by the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. BADGER. Certainly it was; but since
the bill has been reported, we have learned that the
interpretation given at the Comptroller's Office will
include the courts of this District. I propose,
therefore, to insert in the first section of the bill'
after the words "United States courts," where
: they first occur, the words " except the courts of
the District of Columbia."
Mr. GEYER. I would suggest that the object
would be better accomplished by inserting after
the word "printers," in the first section, the
words, " within the several States."
Mr. BADGER. As my friend from Missouri
is much more accurate in phraseology than I am,
and his is briefer, to get at the object, I will move
to amend the bill by inserting in the first section,,
after the word "printers," the words, "within
the several States." So that the bill shall read:
"Id lieu of the compensation now allowed bylaw to
attorneys, solicitors, and proctors in the United States
courts, to the United States district attorneys, clerks of the
district and circuit courts, marshals, witnesses, jurors, com-
missioners, and printers within the several States the fol-
lowing, and no other compensation shall be taxed and al-
lowed."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BROOKE. The Senator from Maine [Mr.
Bradbury] is so very careful of the symmetry of
this bill, that I wish to call his attention to one
part of it which it strikes me needs amendment,
in order to preserve its symmetry. In the section
providing for the compensation of the district
attorney, I find this clause:
" For each day of his necessary attendance in a court of
the United btates, on the business of the United States,
when the same shall be held at the place of his abode, the
dollars ; and the like sum for his attendance for each dav
ol tlie term when the said court shall be held elsewhere."
That is, he gets five dollars a day forattendance
anyhow. Now, why encumber the bill with so
much unnecessary tautology > Why should it nof
read thus: " For each day of his necessary attend-
ance in a court of the United States, on the busi-
ness of the United States, five dollars ?" What is
the use of saying that he shall have five dollars
