1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
591
ing with military preparation. The nations of
Europe are arming in expectation of some unseen
danger. In my opinion, the first hostile cannon
fired on that continent, will be the signal of gen-
eral war. Our policy is peace—a firm and peaceful
attitude; in case of war, an impartial and digni-
fied neutrality. But to preserve our neutrality in
the event of general war, we must be feared and
respected by the belligerent Powers. A state of
reasonable preparation, therefore, is the best se-
curity for peace, and the only guarantee for the
preservation of neutrality.
Mr. RUSK. The bill under consideration is
one which proposes to abolish the general staff of
the Army.
Mr. SHIELDS. I will state to my friend from
Texas, that I have offered an amendment which
changes its whole character.
Mr. RUSK. I regard it as a very hazardous
experiment. We may have too many staff offi-
cers. That, I think, is very likely; but there is
one thing about it of which I feel perfectly satis-
fied: no country in the world has a better sys-
tem ofstaff appointments, or a more efficient corps,
than the United States. It has been our boast
that there has been accountability, responsibility,
and efficiency in it. They have shown it in peace
as well as in war. This bill, as well as the sub-
stitute for it, proposes to repeal entirely what was
regarded, I believe, at the time it was introduced,
as one of the most creditable measures of reform.
It was introduced by a late Senator from South
Carolina, now no more, while he was Secretary
of War. These officers are appointed by the
President and confirmed by the Senate. They
have long experience. There may be abuses in
the system; 1 have not inquired particularly into
that matter; but as a general thing, I know that
these departments are as well conducted as in any
country upon earth. Some of the most meritorious
officers that I know belong to these staff depart-
ments. Now the bill as it stood originally, and as
it is proposed to be amended, proposes to repeal all
these officers, and to authorize 
Mr. SHIELDS. The Senator is utterly and
entirely mistaken.
Mr. RUSK. Then I do not understand the
English language.
Mr. SHIELDS. It merely gives the President
the power, in his discretion, if he finds an officer
unfit for a staff department, to take him out of that
department and send him back to his company
and regiment. There is no officer in the Army
who can object to that. The officers in those de-
partments may sometimes wish to be restored to
their active commands, but the President cannot
do it, because the departments are permanent by
our law. This bill, asamended, gives the Presi-
dent the discretion to send an officer out of the
department to serve in the line—retaining the rank
in the line which he loses in the department; he
cannot hold both ranks at the same time.
Mr. RUSK. The reading of the bill will show
who is right. The bill as originally reported com-
mences: .
" A bill to repeal the several acts organizing the staff
departments of the Army therein mentioned, and to pro-
vide for the discharge of the duties thereof by a detail of
officers of the line." ^
Mr. SHIELDS. I am going to change that
title.
Mr. RUSK. It then goes on:
"Be it enacted, ^c., That the President of the United
Stales be, and lie is hereby, authorized to assign the officers
of the adjutant general's, inspector general's, quartermas-
ter's, and subsistence departments, as well as the respec-
tive chiefs of those departments, to the several regiments
and corps of the Army, with their present regimental or
rank, or that to which they would be entitled at this time
had lliey not received such staff appointments, and that the
statf commissions of the officers so assigned shall thereafter
be abolished.
" Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That for the per-
formance of the duties of the several departments enumer-
ated in the foregoing section, the President of the United
States is hereby authorized and empowered to order a de-
tail to be made by the General in-Chief of such officers of
the line of the Army as he may deein necessary, or as the
wants of the service may require, who, while employed in
the staff, shall receive the pay and allowances to which
staff officers of the like grade are respectively entitled, and
shall give bonds with sureties in the manner now provided
by law ; and the Secretary of War is empowered to pre-
scribe bv general orders for that purpose, the responsibility
of all officers commanding independent military posts, gar-
risons, or districts, for all expenditure of public money by
staff officers within their respective commands : Provided,
That nothing herein contained shall be so Construed as to
impair or lessen, in any case,the responsibility of the proper
staff officers for such expenditures.
Sec. 3. nd be it further enacted, That all laws now
in force providing for the organization ot the above-inen-
tioned departments, in so far as they are inconsistent with
the provisions of this act be, and the same are hereby, re-
pealed."
The honorable Senator has presented a substi-
tute, which I will also read:
"That the President of the United States is hereby au-
thorised and empowered, in his discretion, to assign any
officer of the adjutant general's, inspector general's, quar-
termaster's, and subsistence departments, to service in the
line of the Army with his present rank, or that to which he
would be entitled at this time, had he not received such staff
appointment; and his appointment as staff officer shall
cease upon such assignment."
That is just legislating out of office those staff
officers who have received the appointment of the
President and the sanction of the Senate.
" Sec. 2. -2nd be it further enacted, That to supply the
place of any officer thus assigned, if it be necessary to sup
ply his place, the President is hereby authorized and em
powered to direct a detail to be made from the line of the
Army of such officer as he may think best qualified for the
purpose; and the said officer, while employed in the dis-
charge of staff duties, shall receive the pay and allowance
to which a staff officer of like grade is entitled, and shall
give bond and security for the faithful discharge of his du-
ties in the manner now provided by law."
Mr. SHIELDS. I desire to make a suggestion;
I see that the honorable Senator does not under-
stand the bill.
Mr. RUSK. I think I do.
Mr. SHIELDS. There is no time now to enter
into the discussion of the bill. I have stated that
my desire is to pass these bills this evening, if we
can. I do not now want to enter into a debate
upon them. I therefore wish to call up the other
bills, to which I hope there will be no objection,
so as to pass them. If there be any objection to
them, I will agree to pass over them.
Mr. RUSK. What will you do with this bill?
Mr. WELLER. Lay it on the table.
Mr. RUSK. I move that it lie upon the table.
, The motion was agreed to.
EFFICIENCY OF THE ARMY.
I Mr. SHIELDS. I suppose there will not be so
' much objection to the next bill. It is a bill to im-
prove the efficiency of the Army of the United
States, and its object is to abolish brevet pay and
1 double rations. I move to take it up.
The morion was agreed to, and the bill was read
a second time, and considered by the Senate as in
Committee of the Whole. It proposes to direct
that from and after the first day of August, 1852,
all allowances of double rations, except to the
i general officer commanding the Army ofth^United
| States, and to general officers commanding sepa-
| rate armies actually in the field, and aH allowances
! of pay and emoluments to officers holding commis-
I sions by brevet, on account of such commissions,
except the majors and captains by brevet in the
Adjutant General's department, and the judge ad-
vocate of the Army, and all bounties to non-com-
missioned officers and soldiers in the Army of the
United States, shall be abolished. Thatfrom and
; after the 1st day of August, 1852, the pay of the
' officers of the Army shall be as follows : Of all
colonels, $90 per rnonth;of all lieutenant colonels,
$75 per month; of all majors, $60 per month; of
all captains, $50 per month; of all first lieutenants,
$40 per month; of all second lieutenants, $30 per
month; and of all other grades, as is now provided
by existing laws; provided that the $10 per month
additional pay to officers in actual command of
companies, as compensation for their duties and
responsibilities with respect to clothing, arms, ac-
couterments, &c., is hereafter discontinued. That
to each non-commissioned officer, artificer, musi-
cian, or priv^e of the Army of the United States,
who shall reenlist in the service of the United
States within one month after the expiration of
each respective term of his service, there shall be
allowed $2 per month in addition to his monthly
pay, during the period of his second enlistment;
and $1 per month in further addition thereto, du-
ring the period of his third enlistment; and $1 per
month in further addition thereto, during the
period subsequent to the expiration of his third
enlistment that he may remain in the Army.
That so much of section sixteen of an act entitled
" An act to increase the present military establish-
mentof theUnited States, and for other purposes,"
i approved July 5th, 1838, and eo much .of an act
supplementary thereto, approved July 7,1838, as
authorizes any portion of the monthly pay of a
J soldier to be retained until the expiration of his
term of service, shall be repealed. That the Presi-
dent of the United States shall 'be authorized to
appoint, from such non-commissioned officers of
the artillery as shall be recommended by their of-
ficers, under such rules and regulations as he may
prescribe for that purpose, two cadets of the
United States Military Academy, and from the
non-commissioned officers of each regiment of
cavalry and infantry, who shall be in like manner
recommended and qualified, one cadet; provided
that no non-commissioned officer shall be eligible
to such appointment who shall be over twenty-
three years of age; and provided further, that the
several corps, as above, be permanently entitled
' to the above number of cadet appointments, the
I corpS of cadets to be increased accordingly, over
and above the number now authorized by existing
laws, and that all vacancies be filled in the same
manner as the original appointments. That re-
ports shall be made from time to time, to the War
Department, under such rules and regulations as
may be prescribed by the President, of such non-
commissioned officers as may be considered worthy
of promotion, on account of their intelligence, edu-
cation, character, and services; and that the Presi-
dent of the United States shall be authorized to
attach as many of such non-commissioned officers
to any corps or regiment of the Army, as brevet
second lieutenants, as he may deem expedient,
whenever the number of brevet second lieutenants
shall be insufficient for the wants of the service;
provided that the whole number of second lieu-
tenants shall at no time exceed the number allowed
by existing laws. That section seventeen of the
act of March 3, 1847, entitled " An act making
provision for an additional number of general offi-
cers, and for other purposes," shall be so con-
strued as to authorize the President of the United
States,in the manner therein prescribed, to confer
II on such non-commissioned officers as he is therein
I authorized to promote by brevet, either the said
I rank by brevet, or the certificate of merit therein
I described. That all non-commissioned officers
and privates holding certificates of merit, who have
reenlisted, or who may reenlist, within six months
after the passage of the bill, shall be allowed the
same pay to which they would have been entitled
if they had remained continuously in service.
Mr. SHIELDS. I propose, as an amend-
ment, to strike out the whole of the second sec-
tion, which regulates the pay. That was put in
on consultation with the Department; but it is not
quite as satisfactory as we could wish. I shall
also offer a proviso, that all general officers shall
hereafter be entitled to service rations as other offi-
cers of the Army. As they are now, they have no
service rations. By abolishing the brevet pay and
double rations, one of the old colonels will get
higher pay than a brigadier general, if we leave
the bill to stand as it is; because the former gets a
service ration, whereas the brigadier general does
not. My object is, after abolishing the brevet pay
and double rations, to put the brigadier generals
on the same footing as other officers. That dimin-
ishes the pay considerably from what it is n.ow.
The residue of the bill is in relation to the com-
mon soldiers of the Army. It improves their con-
dition a little without increasing the pay. If there
be any objection to it, however, I shall be willing
to let it go over.
Mr. CASS. I shall certainly join with the hon-
orable Senator in every endeavor to make the
Army more economical and efficient. But I think
it must be obvious that great changes like this can-
not be made suddenly. Senators must have time
to examine them. I want to understand better the
bearing of the changes which are proposed; and I
believe that is the case with almost every Senator.
With some of the ideas thrown out by the honor-
able Senator, I fully concur; with others I do not,
though, perhaps, I shall on a further examination.
I believe the amendments which the Senator pro-
poses have not been printed: if they have, I have
not been able to find them. The bills propose to
make a radical change in regard to the Armv; and
I therefore suggest to the Senator whether fie had
not better let them lie over. If, however, he goes
on with this brevet bill, I shall probably offer
some amendments to it. I will Btate one amend-
ment which I have to propose, and I think the
Senator will agree with me. One of the roots of
the great evil in the American Army is this brevet
rank. It is unknown, in any other service in the
world, as it is in ours; and Napoleon well said,
