592
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 12.
with respect to even the English brevets—" How I
do you get along with giving the same officer two
different rnnks, and two different services, this
thing to-day, and that to-morrow?" It has in-
troduced eniless confusion and expense into our
service. I want to abolish the brevet command.
In time of war, I might be willing to confer a bre-
vet for eminent services, but in time of peace I
would not. I would abolish the brevet command.
That is one of the provisions which I should wish
to introduce in the bill; and I submit it to the con-
sideration of my honorable friend. Some other
amendments have occurred to me, which I may
offer, if the bill continues under consideration; but
I mention this to him now.
Mr. SHIELDS. Very well; I will move to
postpone the bill. I will state that I am for abol-
ishing the brevet rank too. I agree with the hon-
orable Senator, but 1 am not for abolishing the
brevet which men have earned with their blood.
Mr. CASS. I am for abolishing the com-
mand.
Mr. SHIELDS. I am for abolishing the pay,
which is the same thing. That is what they seek
the command for. But reports were made in the
early part of the last session on all these subjects,
and it is certainly strange that Senators say they
have not seen them. I move to postpone the fur-
ther consideration of the subject until Monday
next.
The motion was agreed to.
EFFICIENCY OF THE ARTILLERY.
Mr. SHIELDS. The next bill I wish to call
up is the one to increase the efficiency of the artil-
lery. If there should be any objection to it, I
will let it take the same course as the other. The
only object of it is to appoint a chief for the artil-
lery. There are four colonels now. The object
is to appoint a brigadier general to have charge of
that special arm of the service.
Mr. CASS. I do not believe we want any more
generals in the American army. I do not beliSve
the fifficiency of the artillery will be diminished by
letting a colonel have command of the corps. But
the fact is, in our service a heavy artillery corps
was never broueht together in time of war.
Mr. SHIELDS. Let that go over
NATIONAL DEFENSES. |
Mr. 8H f ELDS. The next is a joint resolution
concerning the national defenses. It has been pre-
pared by the advice of1 the War Department, as
were also the various bills. The object is to estab- ,
lish a board of engineers to select the locality, and
adopt a cheaper and a simpler system of military
structure. 1 rather think there will be no objec-
tion to this. If there should be, I will consent to
let it take the same course as the others. I move
to take it up.
The motion was agreed to, and the joint resolu-
tion was read a second time, and considered by the
Senate as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
poses to authorize the President of the United
States to constitute a temporary board, to consist
of two engineer officers of the Army, two officers
of the Navy, and one civilian, whose duty it shall
be to investigate the whole subject of the national
defenses, and ascertain the localities where defen-
sive works are absolutely necessary to national
security, and the general nature and character of
the works to be constructed at such places; and
whether all or most of the works contemplated in
classes D, E, and P may not safely be dispensed
with; and to make a full report, with the reasons 1
at length for their several recommendations, as
soon as possible, that the President may be able
to report the result, at furthest, at the next session
of Congress. It proposes further that the civilian
appointed under the act shall be allowed eight dol-
lars per day, and the ordinary traveling expenses
allowed to officers of the Army while engaged
upon the duties appertaining to the board provided 1
for in the act; and the board, when appointed and ,
organized, are authorized to appoint a secretary, i
at a salary not exceeding five dollars per day, and
to call to their assistance the services of any one '
or more of the engineers or officers of the Army
or Navy of the United States, to aid them in the
performance of their duty.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope this will be laid over.
It is too important to be considered now. I move
to postpone it until Monday.
The motion was agreed to.
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, February 12, 1853.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Rev. James Gallaher.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER. Before proceeding to the
business in order, if it be the pleasure of the
House, the Chair will lay before the body several
messages from the President of the United States
and communications from the Executive Depart-
ments, some of which it is believed should be re-
ferred .
There was no objection, and
The SPEAKER then laid before the House a
message from the President of the United States,
transmitting a communication from the Secretary
of the Interior, accompanied by the annual report
of the Board of Inspectors of the Penitentiary of
the District of Columbia, for the year ending the
31st of December, 1852, as required bylaw; which
was, on motion by Mr. JONES, of Tennessee,
referred to the Committee on the District of Col-
umbia, and ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
message from the President of the United States,
transmitting, for the information of Congress, a
copy of the report of the Director of the Mint for
the past year; which was, on motion by Mr.
JONES, of Tennessee, laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed.
Also, a message from the President of the
United States, transmitting a communication from
the Secretary of the Navy, accompanied by the
first part of Lieutenant Herndon's report of the
exploration of the valley of the Amazon and its
tributaries, made by him in connection with Lieu-
tenant Lardner Gibbon, under instructions from
the Navy Department; which was, on motion by
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Also, a letter from the Secretary of State, trans-
mitting, in compliance with law, a list of clerks
and other persons employed in his Department
during the last year; which was laid on the table,
and ordered to be printed.
Also, a letter from the Secretary of State, trans-
mitting, agreeably to the act of Congress of March
2d, 1819, regulating passenger ships and vessels,
tabular statements showing the number and desig-
nation of passengers who arrived in the United
States during the year ending December 31,1852,
compiled from returns made to that Department
by the collectors of customs, in conformity with
the provisions of said act; which was laid on the
table, and ordered to be printed.
Also, a letter from the Secretary of State, trans-
mitting statements showing the expenditures out
of the contingent fund of that Department for the
last fiscal year; which was laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed.
Also, a letter from the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, transmitting a statement of the expenditures
from the marine hospital fund for the relief of sick
and disabled seamen, for the year ending the 30th
of June, 1852; which, on motion by Mr. JONES,
of Tennessee, was laid on the table, and ordered
to be printed.
Also, a letter from the Secretary of War, trans-
mitting a transcript of the official Army Register
for the year ending the 30th June, 1851, showing
the pay and allowance of each officer of the Army.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that that
letter be laid on the table, and be printed. The
Army Register has already been printed and dis-
tributed by the Department.
The question was taken, and tflfe communica-
tion was laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
Also, a letter from the Secretary of War, trans-
mitting "An abstract of the returns of the militia
of all the States and Territories, with their arms,
accouterments, and ammunition," taken from the
latest returns that have been received by that De-
partment; which was, on motion by Mr. JONES,
ofTennessee, kid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
Also, a letter from the Superintendent of Public
Printing, submitting estimates for the paper re-
quired for the printing of the first session of the
Thirty-third Congress, far the paper for the print-
ing of the several Executive Departments, for the
fiscal year ending June 30th, 1854, and for the ex-
penses of that office for the same period; which
was, on motion by Mr. JONES, referred to the
I Committee on Ways and Means, and ordered to
! be printed.
The SPEAKER. The business first in order
is the consideration of the bill for the benefit of
Patrick Gass, reported from a Committee of the
Whole House.
Mr. CLARK. I was permitted, by favor of the
House, on Monday last, to call up bill No. 316,
providing for the relinquishment of a small strip
of land to the town of Belleview. That bill passed
this House, and has come from the Senate amend-
ed so as to provide for the relinquishment of two
like strips of land to the towns of Burlington and
Dubuque, which have been held by the General
Government. I ask the unanimous consent of the
House—and I hope I shall have it—to call up that
bill with the amendments.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. They are unim-
portant amendments. They apply the principles
of the bill to two other towns on the river besides
Belleview.
The amendments of the Senate, making like
concessions to the towns of Burlington and Du-
buque, were then read.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ments of the Senate were concurred in.
Mr. DUNCAN. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to report from the Committee on
Commerce a bill for the relief of John Miller. It
is to grant a register to a ship now afloat in the
harbor of New York—an American-built ship.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to inquire
of the gentleman, as a member of the Committee
on Commerce,ifthey could notframe some general
law by which the Secretary of the Treasury might
be authorized to issue registers to vessels thus sit-
uated, and thus avoid these frequent applications
to Congress ?
Mr. DUNCAN. There could not, to meet the
great variety of cases which arise. There was an
act passed, but it does not embrace this case.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
•read a third time, and having been engrossed, it
was subsequently read the third time and passed.
Mr. DUNCAN. I have another bill of the same
kind, which I should like to introduce and have
action upon.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. There are very
few favors which I ever ask of the House, but I
have one which I suppose to be as fully import-
ant as the registry of any ship. I desire to call
up Senate bill No. 421, for the relief of John Wil-
| liams, a poor man who has been shot to pieces.
It is but a small amount which he asks for; and if
I the House will take up the bill and pass it, they
I will accommodate him very much, and do an act
1 of justice. The bill asks for a small increase of
; pension.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Duncan] was regularly recognized
by the Chair.
Mr. DUNCAN. The bill which I ask to have
taken up, is to grant a register to the brig Bounty.
It was agreed upon by the Committee on Com-
merce some time since.
Mr. JONES. It is a new bill.
Mr. HARRIS, ofTennessee. It will take but
a few minutes to dispose of the bill for the relief
of John Williams; and then the gentleman's bill
J can be taken up.
I Mr. WALSH. I have no objection to the mo-
i tion of the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Duncan,] but there are hundreds of bills upon that
table for registry of vessels, just as pressing. Let
us devote half an hour to the disposition of private
bills on the Speaker's table, when all such cases
may be reached.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Duncan] asks the unanimous con-
sent of the House to take up the bill indicated by
him.
Mr. WALSH. I object to it, because there is
no chance of doing justice in a hundred other, and
similar cases.
[A message was here received from the Senate,
by the hands of Asbury Dickins, Esq., its Sec-
retary, informing the House that the Senate had
passed bills of the following titles, viz:
S. No. 621. An act for the relief of the heirs
and legal representatives of William Weeks; and
S. No. 632. An act to authorize changes in the
location of land offices; and asking the concurrence
of the House therein.]
