1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
597
was contrary to law; it was in violation of our j
neutrality, and it was in violation of our treaty
with Mexico. The first Congress before which
the claim was brought utterly refused to recognize
it to the extent demanded, because it was wholly
unauthorized by our Government, and because it
grew out of hostilities against a nation with which
we were at peace, and also on account of the
character of the accounts themselves. He as-
sumed the right, 011 his own responsibility, with-
out the consent of the war-making power of the
Government, to make war. Subsequently, how-
ever, a commission was created for the investiga-
tion of the claims, and the report made by it
shows conclusively, as has been said by the gen-
tleman from Virginia, [Mr. Letcher,] that these
claims should not be allowed. From what was a
while ago read at the Clerk's desk, it appears that
a large portion of the claims presented to that
commission were fraudulent ones. I will take the
statement of the chairman of the Committee on
Military Affairs himself. He has told you that
the commission rejected a large amount of these
claims. He told you that of the $100,000 of claims
presented, only about $30,000 were allowed. The
remaining portion were unanimously rejected.
Mr. PRICE. For what?
Mr. TOOMBS. I do not know. I am now
giving the statement of the chairman of the Mili-
tary Committee. I am speaking of official inform-
ation that has been communicated to the House.
If I have heard the gentleman correctly, this
$19,500 was unanimously passed; but I will come
to that after a while. Another amount was al-
lowed, but not with the same unanimity. About
$30-,000 of the $100,000 for which claims were
submitted were allowed, as I understand the state-
ment. The report of the commissioners states
that these claims were tainted with fraud. It goes
011 to state that—
" The insufficiency of the testimony produced ; the irreg-
ularities and conflicting nature of some of the accounts pre-
sented ; the irreconcilable differences of prices paid for
similar articles ; the fact that many articles have been
charged lor more than once, and at widely different prices
Well, I call that a fraud. Here is the fact in
the paper I have before me. It is not a may be—
a conjecture merely.
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. If the gentleman
will allow me, I would call his attention to a cer-
tain portion of the record, for I have read it, which
sets forth the charges made before that board. It
will there be seen that the same things were charged
for three times over, and that there was a differ-
ence in some places of $100 a head for mules.
Mr. CARTTER. I wish to inquire whether
these disputed articles are involved in the finding
of the court in the case of Colonel Fremont, or
others5
Mr. TOOMBS. I refer the gentleman to what
was read by the gentleman from Virginia from the
report of the board on these accounts.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Illinois. I merely desire
to ask a question. Were these claims for articles
fraudulently charged several times presented by
Colonel Fremont, or were they presented by other
persons pretending to hold them against the Gov-
ernment?
Mr. TOOMBS. I do not know. The report
says they were certified by him to be just and true.
Mr. CARTTER. That is what I want to
know.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I do not think that Colonel
Fremont should be held accountable for all the
fraudulent claims other persons may see fit to
present.
Mr. GORMAN. Those claims were not pre-
sented by Colonel Fremont, but by other individ-
uals.
Mr. FULLER. Those claims of which I speak
are called the Vallejo claims, and they are recorded
as being certified to by John C*Fremont.
Mr. PRICE. He certifies that certain property
belonging to those individuals was taken by the
military officers af the United Sates, for the pur-
pose of carrying on the war. He does not state
the valuation, but he states, as to his belief, that
those articles were taken. There is no reference
whatever to valuation.
Mr. FULLER. I would like very much to
have them read to the House.
Mr. LETCHER. I have had no opportunity
of looking into this matter, until I was furnished
by the gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Phelps]
with this record. It sets forth the facts which I
I communicated to the gentleman from Georgia. It 'I
, states the fact, that many articles have been more
than once charged, and at widely different prices.
Then I find some of these reports are embraced
under this head:
" A schedule of claims contracted in California under
Lieutenant Colonel Fremont in 1846-'7, recommended to
the favorable consideration of Congress.''
Now, I understand that the gentleman has 110
other book which shows the character of these
claims, and their recommendation on the part of
Colonel Fremont.
Mr. GORMAN. If the gentleman will allow ,
me, there is a fact, of which the House ought to
be made aware. The claim# which are there
! stated, originated in this wise: Colonel Fremont,
while there, when necessary, sent a guard of men
to take the property of thecitizens—mules, horses,
and cattle—for the publicuse. We regarded them
then as enemies, and took the property as that of
enemies. The owners came and made claim to
Colonel Fremont, as civil and military Governor of
California, for compensation for their property.
Colonel Fremont laid all the claims presented to
him before this board. The case was precisely
similar to that of the army of the United States
in Mexico. I have done the same thing myself
on a march. I have forced men to give me mules
when those on which the soldiers rode gave out.
I have seen the same thing often done by other
officers of the Army. The owners of the property
taken would follow to the next town, and there
would receive a certificate that such and such prop-
erty had been taken for the public sei vice, which
they presented to the quartermaster, who some-
times paid for it. If those charges were made
by Mexicans, I would not be amazed if the same
articles had been charged for one hundred times.
The gentleman suggests, " How does Colonel
Fremont's certificate come to be attached to these
claims?" I shall, I think, answer the gentleman
satisfactorily. When claims were presented, Col-
onel Fremont gave a certificate that certain prop-
erty had been taken. These individuals may have
been paid for that property. Another man, whom
' Colonel Fremont may not recognize, may make
claim for the property of another. When the
owner claimed compensation for property taken
by the soldiers, some of them may have come for-
ward and acknowledged that they had taken it.
Colonel Fremont, not knowing of his own knowl-
edge that they had, and depending entirely on the
, evidence of his officers and soldiers, would give
his certificate, and let the man go his way. He
j would do it to get clear of him. That, I think, is
1 about as good an answer as I can make.
1 Mr. TOOMIJS. The gentleman who has just
taken his seat, has given the House as conclusive
a reason as if I had spoken my whole hour, why
not one of these claims should be paid. If he has
acted on the principle the gentleman says he has,
if he has given certificates merely to get rid of the
importunity of claimants, let him fight them before
the dueen's Bench, where it seems he has been
sued on some of them. If he has acted, as it is
stated he did, this House ought not at its peril,
pay one shilling until a thorough investigation
has been had of all of the accounts.
Mr. GORMAN. What I have stated with re-
I gard to the taking of property is not official, and
you ought not to take it as such.
Mr. TOOMBS. The gentleman has given the
1 best apology for Colonel Fremont's conduct, I
dare say. It is not conclusive, however, from the
disclosures we have just had, that we ought not
I now to pay these claims. Here is much informa-
tion in the report of the Board of Commissioners
which I have before me. Every dollar was con-
tracted by Colonel Fremont, if contracted at all.
But what does the report say ? I was about read-
ing an extract from it when interrupted. My
reading of it is right, and the gentleman's is wrong,
so far as the fraudulent character of these claims
is concerned. I will direct the attention of mem-
bers to the following extract:
"Theinsufficiency ofthe testimony produced, the irregu-
larities and conflicting nature of some of the accounts pre-
I sented, the irreconcilable differences of prices paid for sim
: ilar articles, the fact that many articles have been charged
' for more than once, and at widely different prices, the want
of proof or explanation of the necessity or object of heavy
purchases and expenditures, the apparent and unexplained
magnitude ofthe expenditures in comparison with the force
actually employed, &c., makes it proper to refer the sub-
| ject to Congress for such further legislation as may be
' deemed expedient."
Here you have facts with reference to the fraud-
ulent nature of the claims. Some articles have
been charged several times, and at widely different
prices. The great disparity between the small-
ness of the force and the magnitude of the ex-
penditures is alluded to, and the fact of the charge
of the same articles at different rates tend to stamp
his accounts with being fraudulent.
Mr. PRICE. 1 lien he did not regard him as
having committed a fraud.
Mr. TOOMBS. I do not know, and I will not
part with the public money until I do know.
Mr. GORMAN. If the gentleman takes the
latter part of the report of that board, and fur-
nishes himself with an argument satisfactory to
his own mind that the claims ought not to be
allowed, is it not equally legitimate that he should
take the preceding part of that report, which shows
that they should be allowed?
Mr. TOOMBS. Not at all.
Mr. GORMAN. I think that one conclusion
carries with it the other.
Mr. TOOMBS. That does not follow, by any
means. A man's confession may betaken against
himself and not for himself.
Mr. GORMAN. If you use one, however,
you must use the other.
Mr. TOOMBS. The rule of law is, to try be-
fore a jury all confessions made at a given time,
and they can believe as much as they please. That
is the rule of evidence in courts of justice. It
must all go there, and those who are to pass upon
it can believe one part and reject the other.
Mr. GORMAN. But this is the decision of a
legally-constituted tribunal. If it is evidence
against Colonel Fremont, it is evidence for him. It
is conclusive either way.
Mr. TOOMBS. The latter proposition does
not follow. It is evidence; and that is all it is.
Then I say that there is a large class of cases which
are fraudulent. The gentleman from New Jersey,
formerly in California, asks me who committed it.
I have no knowledge of these people, and cannot
say to what extent frauds have been committed,
or who committed them. But the foundation of
these claims being illegal, and being against all
law—the public law, the municipal law, and the
treaty, ought to be scrutinized. Colonel Fremont
gave his drafts for raising the money in this case;
he presented a large amount of other claims, the
greater portion of which were rejected. Then,
before you pay any of these claims of Colonel Fre-
mont, let there be a proper adjustment of his ac-
counts. Some of the claims may be allowed, and
some disallowed.
After investigation by the proper Department,
and the ascertainment of the just demands upon
the Government, I shall be reac^y to pay, to the
uttermost farthing, whatever may be found to be
due. But if you select, as proposed, and pay to
him all the items of account which this board may
have determined to be just, and not hold him re-
sponsible for any he is chargeable yith, you may
leave the Government in a condition of a hopeless
creditor. That will be the result. Inasmuch as
we are without information upon this subject, for
the purpose of relieving Colonel Fremont, who
seems to have acted in this case without precau-
tion and circumspection, according to the gentle-
man's own account, this Government should let
him settle his own accounts, and come to the
Treasury to be paid as others are paid. That is
the proper mode.
A Voice. He is in jail.
Mr. TOOMBS. No, sir; he is not in jail.
Mr. GORMAN. If he leaves England," his spe-
cial bail will have to pay his debt.
Mr. TOOMBS. Such is not the effect of spe-
cial bail, and he will not have to pay the debt with-
out a judgment against him.
Mr. GORMAN. As soon as there is either a
judgment or execution, I presume he will have to
pay it.
Mr. TOOMBS. Certainly; then he ought to
pay it. There is no more difficulty in coming
here and settling up than in staying in Paris six
or eight months. He can come here in ten or
twelve days. He would be beyond the seas in
Washington as well as in Paris and the accounts
could be settled and passed upon here. Suits are
carried on in E'':,l; -i .1 pretty much as they are
here, and they are not remarkable for expedition.
Mr. DISNEY. I desire only to ask one ques-
tion. I understand that all these matters which
