598
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 12,
have been discussed here to-day are not matters of
claim upon the part of Colonel Fremont, but upon
the part of various individuals now in the State of
California, for materials and property furnished to
him, the evidence ofwhich is his acknowledgment
in the form of certificates before you. The query
ib this: It is admitted, as I understand, by the
chairman of the committee, that there are many
and various other cases of claims upon the part of
individuals yet unsettled and unadjusted. If, then,
this Congress should undertake to relieve Colonel
Fremont, by paying him $19,500, what guarantee
have you, or the friends of Colonel Fremont, or
Fremont himself, that he will not be put in like
condition by each and all the other claimants ?
Mr. GORMAN. I can answer. The certifi-
cates which Colonel Fremont gave to the Mexi-
cans for property taken for Government use are in
the possession of the Government. They are
mere certificates that he received or took from
them horses, cattle, and mules for the public ser-
vice. He would neverbesued upon them, because
there is no promise to pay on his part; but where
he drew drafts in his own name, there is a liability
direct. These certificates which he gave are filed
upon the part of the individual against our Gov-
ernment. They are filed in the Departments, and
are not in the possession of the original owner of
this property, and now you cannot, by any pos-
sibility, sue Colonel Fremont upon them. The
gentleman is a lawyer, and will not pretend, as
they are out of the possession of the claimants,
that they could sue Colonel Fremont upon them.
There is no promise to pay, either express or im-
plied; but there is a promise to pay on the part of
Colonel Fremont in drawing the drafts, because
he is known only as John C. Fremont. There is
no evidence that he was lieutenant colonel, or any-
thing else. He was only a civil and military gov-
ernor. There is a liability on the part of these
drafts when protested for non-payment. If I
give a certificate and drafts under my hand, and
use your property, 1 am not liable upon that, even
ifit were at home.
Mr. TOOMBS. I am unfortunate in differing
with the chairman of the committee. We do not
understand law alike. I hold that these seizures
of property were without the authority of his
Government, and not justifiable in law, and that
is the whole difficulty in the matter. There be-
ing no authority of law to justify the act, he can
be sued in any civilized country in the world, and
if the fact is proven upon him, they can recover
the money of him. That I hold to be the law of
any country where laws exist. I take issue with
the gentleman as to what law is.
Mr. GORMAN. Will the gentleman say, as
a lawyer, that if property is used by an officer in
the discharge of*his official duty, and this official
duty is recognized by your Government, that the
individual is liable?
Mr. TOOMBS. I do; and the Supreme Court
of the United States, in the case of Mitchell, have
decided it. This Government may protect him,
but unless he can show law for the seizure they
can recover. But I will not dispute with the gen-
tleman any longer as to the law, but will refer
Jiim to a case which passed this very House
within a few years, and was decided by the Su-
preme Court of the United Statrs, and therefore
let us pass by the law question. I say, unless
there be law for the seizure of property taken in
war, the individuals who have lost it can recover
from the officer.
Mr. GORMAN. I say that there is no point
in that decision. According to international law,
you have a right to appropriate the property of a
public enemy for public uses. They were public
enemies in this case, regarded so by the declara-
tion of war. It was not private property which
Colonel Fremont seized. I admit his rule if it
were private property; but I do not admit the rule j
in this case, for international law will authorize !
us to take the property of an enemy wherever it
is to be found, and pay or not pay for it as we
please. i
Mr. TOOMBS. I am compelled to answer 1
another error. There is no such principle. You
have the right to take the enemy's property when '
your laws authorize you to take it. The Supreme I
Court have decided, that when you show a law !
regulating captures by land and sea, then the public
enemy cannot get redress out of anybody. One I
of the belligerentri^hts is to take the enemy's prop-1
| erty wherever you please, if your own laws au-
thorize it, and there is no redress; but the question
' of having taken the enemy's property is not in-
volved here.
J Mr. GORMAN. I will beg the gentleman's
pardon for interrupting him. When the property
was taken they were a belligerent Power. When
i they were conquered, they become constituent parts
of the Government, they became citizens de facto
and dejure by the treaty. When they thus became
citizens by virtue of the treaty, they presented
their claims as citizens for property that was taken
by our Government before they were citizens, and
while they wereregarded as public enemies. They
say by your treaty, recognizing them as citizens
de facto and de jure, that they have the right to
claim compensation of you for property confisca-
ted and taken by you as belligerent property.
Mr. TOOMBS. Wrong again.
Mr. GORMAN. I am right, if I understand my-
self. I do not say that we should pay the claim
every time it is presented, nor do I pretend to say
that the Government is liable, from the fact that
they became citizens afterwards, but this is the
ground upon which they present it 
Mr. TOOMBS. If this is the ground, it cannot
be paid by the law of nations as by any other
law. The gentleman is wrong again in his posi-
, tion. If we took it as enemy's property, and they
were brought into the Union by treaty, unless that
.treaty provided for paying for that property, why,
, it cannot be' paid for. This treaty of Guadalupe
Hidalgo does not provide for the payment of
property of these people which we took from them
during the war.
Mr. GORMAN. My friend will bear in mind
that the proclamation issued by Commodore Stock-
ton in California guarantied to the citizens pay-
ment for the property taken for the use of the Uni-
ted States troops. That proclamation, whether it
had the authority of international or any other
law, is a question for the consideration of the gen-
tleman. That proclamation guarantied to the cit-
izens payment for their private property when it
was used for the service of the Government, so
long as they were not found in arms, and it bid j
them come in and take shelter under the flag of
our country. If they did so, we guarantied to
pay them for their property. If they did not do
so, they were regarded as belligerents, and treated
as public enemies.
Mr. TOOMBS. The gentleman drives from
one point to another; lays down principles, a bare
statement of which shows that they do not stand
upon sound principle, or national law. First, as
to his statement of Stockton's proclamation. If
that be correct, it would have been a strong reason
for incorporating in the treaty some provisions
fixing the rights of these parties. But there is
nothing of that sort in the treaty.
Mr. GORMAN. As citizens.
Mr. TOOMBS. They had no rights whatever
to compensation from this Government for injuries ]
done while they were belligerents, except what
was given them by treaty. The treaty gave them
none, and therefore they have none; and that is
the whole case.
Mr. SWEETSER. Colonel Fremont did not
take the property of a belligerent. These claims
are for property sold to him.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Will the gentle-
man from Georgia permit me to make an inquiry
of him, or any other gentleman who may have
the information? Is there any petition, memorial,
or statement of the fact in any way, by Colonel
Fremont, which has been presented to Congress,
asking for the payment of money, or has the De-
partment asked for it, in order to enable them to
settle that account, and how has this case come
before Congress?
•Mr. TOOMBS. I think Colonel Fremont did
memorialize Congress, some four or five years ago,
to pay these claims, and, as I stated on the thresh-
old of this argument, I know a bill passed the Sen-
ate to appoint commissioners, and appropriated
$600,000 or more, for the purpose of adjusting
them, but it was defeated in this branch of Con-
fress. Whether this particular claim came here
y memorial I do not know, and I do not think it
very important to the discussion of this question.
But the House will perceive that the friends of
this bill are jumping from point-to point in their
efforts to put this claim everywhere and anywhere.
The facts may be true as stated by the chairman
of the Committee on Military Affairs, for doubt-
less he has given the case all proper investigation.
It may be that $19,500 is due, but the documents
before the House discloses the fact that Colonel
] Fremont received in cash other considerable sums
; of money, and became liable, by illegal seizures
of property, forother large sums; and, as was wel!
remarked by the gentleman from Ohio, when this
one is paid, all he will have to do is to get himself
arrested in Paris, and then come here again for re-
lief. It is a very convenient contrivance to get
the drafts paid; so convenient, that a man who
intended to perpetrate a fraud would do it just that
way. He would go to England and have himself
taken up before the Queen's Bench, and put in
the Fleet or some other prison, and then ask Con-
gress for relief. That course, according to the
principle here sought to be established, closes all
investigation. But I do not intend that it shall be
so closed, as far as I am concerned* I do not
charge Colonel Fremont thus to have acted, be-
cause I have no evidence of that fact. We ought
not to be called upon to decide this case ex parte.
If Colonel Fremont is entitled to this $19,500, let
him account for the expenditure of it. Settle all
: his accounts, and then give him whatever balance
! may be due to him. Until that is done, do not
! take up a separate item of the account. If you do
i that, you will violate a sound principle in the set-
i tlement of accounts.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Illinois. Mr. Speaker,
I have listened with considerable attention and in-
terest to this discussion—not having understood
anything of the particular merits of this case, ex-
cept from what I have heard here—and I desire to
make a few remarks upon the arguments which
have been urged against the bill.
Now, sir, it seems to me that there is but one
question to be settled by this House, and that is,
whether this is a debt of Colonel Fremont, or a
debt of this Government. If it is a debt of this
Government, then, sir, I maintain that we should
not hesitate to assume the responsibility of that
debt. If it is a debt which belongs to Colonel
Fremont, in his individual capacity, contracted for
his own benefit, then this bill should not pass, and
we should repudiate the claim.
What are the facts? I understand that the ar-
gument of the gentleman from Georgia [Mr.
Toombs] goes to the foundation of this matter. I
understand from his argument, that he repudiates
the services of Colonel Fremont in California as
being unauthorized bylaw, and maintains that, for
that reason, the Government of the United States
should not pay these drafts. Sir, is this Govern-
ment prepared to repudiate wholly and entirely
the services of Colonel Fremont in California? If
it is, then this question is settled at once, and the
Court of Queen's Bench, in England, where
Colonel Fremont's case is now about to be ad-
justed, will be compelled to render judgment
against him, and the Government of the United
States must decline to relieve him. But, sir, I ap-
prehend that at this day, in the face of the history
of the services of Colonel Fremont in California,
this Government is not prepared to repudiate those
services.
The gentleman from Georgia says that Colonel
Fremont may have other accounts unsettled.
Why, I understand the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs to say that they have given
to these accounts of Colonel Fremont a very close
investigation, and that they have found on file in
the Department, vouchers satisfactorily account-
ing for every dollar which went into the hands of
Fremont, and which he, as the disbursing officer
and agent of this Government, paid out. What
more do you want ? What more can you ask ?
The Committee on Military Affairs have investi-
gated this question, and the chairman of that com-
mittee, on his responsibility, has come here and
made this statement. What, then, have you to
pay ? In what particular way is Fremont indebted
to this Government ? Why, sir, what is the ques-
tion which is pending in England against Fre-
mont? The point at issue is, whether this is a
debt of Colonel Fremont, or a debt of the Gov-
ernment of the United States; and they have taken
evidence here, by commissions and by depositions,
for the purpose of determining that fact. Colonel
Fremont's defense to the action which has been
brought against him, rests upon that point and that
point alone. If, then, we as a Government, come
forward and repudiate those services, and by our
