600
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 12,
At Los Angeles Commodore Stockton first re- !
ceived the formal declaration of war between the j
United States and Mexico. He immediately took |
possession of all the principal places of California, j'
and put them in a state of defense. The country j
remained quiet for several months. The Califor- :
nians rose upon the American garrison at Los
Angeles, aided secretly by Englishmen and others,
and retook the place, after a hard contest under j
Lieutenant Gillespie. In order to reestablish our j
supremacy, Commodore Stockton ordered Colonel |
Frfmont to raise what is called the California |
battalion, mustering them at the mission of San
Juan, near Monterey. Most of the officers of his
command were officers of the squadron. To fit
out that expedition, it was requisite to gather in
all the animals and all the supplies which the
country was capable of furnishing. At this im-
portant crisis of the war, the chief expenses were
required. The claims for these expenses are those
which have been presented to the Commissioners,
and which, if duly authenticated, are justly due.
Well, sir, the battalion was organized, and the
record of its march from San Juan, where it was
mustered, to Los Angeles, is one of the most
remarkable of any in military history. It was
marked throughout by the greatest valor, expo-
sure, and perseverance. In one night, during a
terrific storm, while climbing over the mountains
of San Innes, more than a hundred animals were
killed, or so disabled as never to get out of the
ravines.
They took their field-pieces with them over that
wild and rugged mountain,the highest on the Pa-
cific coast, descended upon the town of Santa Bar-
bara, and took it without opposition. The indom-
itable courage displayed by Colonel Fremont and
his gallant troops in that extraordinary march, so
surprised the Mexicans that they evacuated the
post.
For such services as these, it may well be be-
lieved that large expenditures were necessarily
incurred. In organizing his battalion, and fur-
nishing them with riding animals during the march,
with provisions and the other necessary supplies,
Fremont and his officers gave receipts for horses,
saddles, beef cattle, and whatever they required,
without specifying their valuation. Now, sir, at
that time, horses were worth from ten to twenty-
five dollars each, and cattle, for provisions, from
ten to fifteen dollars each. These cattle were the
entire subsistence of the battalion.
In order to account for the discrepancy in the
charges, as originally made out and presented for
payment in California, and as now laid before the
Board of Commissioners sitting in Washington—
for it must be remembered that this is the first time
these claimants have had the opportunity of pre-
senting their accounts before any authority em-
powered to adjust them—immediately after the
war horses ana cattle increased in value in Cali-
fornia. Horses which were worth, during the
war, ten, fifteen, or twenty dollars, are now worth
two or three hundred dollars; and these claimants,
I am told, now present their accounts based upon
the increased prices. As to the justice of this de-
mand, I do not offer any opinion. But this ac-
counts for the discrepancy in the prices, as spoken
of in California at the time the articles were taken,
and as presented before the Board of Commis-
sioners.
It will be observed that it was after the recep-
tion of the declaration of war, that the principal
expenditures in California were incurred; and it
was after this time that Colonel Fremont drew the
drafts which he now asks this Government to
honor. It was after he had a full knowledge that
we were in open war with Mexico, and we were
authorized to carry on the most active military
operations against that people.
It should be borne in mind by Congress and the
country, that while Colonel Fremont was engaged
in his perilous southern march, Commodore Stock-
ton was similarly occupied in another direction.
Landing at San Diego, he organized his brave
tars into a military corps, drilled them as soldiers,
mounted a park of artillery while the enemy were
in possession of the adjacent country, command-
ing all the principal heights, and marched with his
men a long distance into the interior, through
several of the most difficult'and dangerous mount-
ain passes or defiles. He rescued General Kearny
and his command from his dangerous situation
in the heart of the enemy's country, where he
was surrounded and hemmed in at San Pas-
qually, at which place he had lost a large portion
of his force. The Commodore brought the gen-
eral in safety to .San Diego. Subsequently, he
made his memorable march to Los Angeles, en-
countering the Mexicans at Rio San Gabriel, and 1
the plains of the Mesa, where he fought two hard
battles, and retook the capital. Fremont, march-
ing from the north, intercepted the retreating
I forces of the Mexicans, and compelled them to
i capitulate. This resulted in the armistice of San
Fernando. This is the history of the transactions.
When Colonel Fremont disbanded hisbattalion,
who had served under him at Los Angeles, his
soldiers required that he should pay them a suffi-
cient amount of money to carry them back to their
homes, many of which were five or six hundred
miles distant. At this time, money was very
scarce in that almost unknown country, hidesbeing
the currency; but Colonel Fremont succeeded in
raising what was necessary upon these drafts, for
the payment of which this bill provides. I have
here a statement, made out by the chairman of
the Committee on Military Affairs, [Mr.GoRMAN,]
which shows clearly and distinctly that every
dollar of that money was paid out to those sol-
diers, that Colonel Fremont never drew a dollar
of it himself, but that it was all drawn and dis-
I bursed by his quartermaster, commissary, and
paymaster.
It was well known at that time that Colonel
Fremont had drawn these drafts, and that Mr.
Huttman had cashed them, and the proceeds ap-
propriated to paying the soldiers. And no one
supposed for a moment that it was not proper for
him to draw them. He was called upon to raise
money in order that he might put a few dollars
into the hands of these poor soldiers to help them
to their homes, and he did what he could to raise
it. These are the facts in the case.
Mr. ORR. I ask the gentleman to allow me to
ask him one question.
Mr. PRICE. I cannot yield the floor. As I
was saying, these are the facts under which these
drafts were drawn. It was publicly known there !
at that time, that he had done it; and Colonel ;
Fremont received the thanks of those men for I
raising a few dollars for their relief. But to pro-
ceed. He gave them a few dollars each and certi-
ficates for the balance of their pay. Many of those
certificates have been paid, and many of them have
not to this day. Those certificates were for along
time current in California, because they considered
that the honor of the Government was involved in
j their issue, and I think the honor and credit of the
Government are involved in their payment, as it is
| also in the payment of these drafts. I hold that
| the Government never ought to have refused pay-
j ment. They never should have disgraced the
credit of the country by allowing them to be pro-
tested. They should have paid them, and repre-
sented the fact to the National Legislature, and had
1 the item placed in one of your deficiency bills, as
many other items are. But, sir, the credit of the
country is too often 'disgraced by the protest of
drafts drawn by your authorized agents. In this
view the country is the loser by such refusals,
because whenever United States drafts are to be
[ negotiated abroad, from the fact that they are so
often repudiated at home, they can only be done
at a large discount. I hold that your whole con-
sular system should be reorganized and placed
upon a new basis, for it is well known that the
present system has given us as a nation great dis-
credit abroad.
Now, sir, I believe I have given a succinct his-
tory of the manner in which these drafts origina-
ted; but I have one other fact which I desire to
state to the House. When Colonel Fremont
came back to the United States, he had an account
to settle with the United States, as Lieutenant of
Topographical Engineers, for moneys expended
under the orders with which he went to Califor*
nia. He had an account to settle as Lieutenant
Colonel, commanding the California battalion,
and he had further, another account to settle as
the civil and military Governor of California.
These three different accounts have probably
gone to three different Departments, or at least to
three different accounting officers; and therefore it
is that this embarrassment has been thrown
around the settlement of the various accounts
which he has presented. In my. judgment, it is
clear and distinct that these are cash accounts,
and that the money received upon those drafts
was honestly and faithfully paid out for legitimate
purposes; and I hope the House will not hesitate
one moment in honoring them, and relieving Col-
onel Fremont from the embarrassment and dis-
grace which have been cast upon him in England,
in consequence of the non-payment of a legitimate
debt incurred by him as an officer of this Govern-
ment.
It is to be regretted that the payment of these
just claims has been delayed so long. Such neg-
lect is calculated to lessen the inducements which
all men need to encourage them to perilous deeds
in the prosecution of great public enterprises.
The delay of payment in this case operates more
injuriously on the interests of the honest creditor
in California than on almost any other class of
our citizens. In that country money is worth a
higher percentage than anywhere else; and con-
sequently those who are unfairly kept out of its
use are called to suffer greater losses. Besides,
such gallant officers as Fremont and Stockton
ought to be at once relieved from pecuniary re-
sponsibility, when incurred in not only protecting
the honor of our flag, but in securing to us the
vast resources of California.
The report here presented of the proceedings of
the commissioners, sitting in Washington, to ad-
just the numerous claims arising out of the mili-
' tary operations carried on in California during
the war, conclusively shows that a proper under-
standing can never be had of those claims without
transferring the sittings of the board to Cali-
fornia, where only the requisite process can be
obtained.
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. I do not believe
there is any necessity for our going through with
the controversy between Colonel Fremont and
General Kearny. I therefore move that this bill
be committed to a Committee of the Whole House,
and upon that I move the previous question.
Mr. CARTTER. Will my colleague with-
draw his call for the previous question a few min-
utes, and I will renew it?
Mr. STANTON.. I cannot.
Mr. CARTTER. I hope, then, the call for the
previous question will not be sustained.
Mr. ORR. I hope the gentleman will withdraw
his call, as I desire to propound a question to some
gentleman who can answer it before I vote upon
the proposition.
Mr. STANTON. I withdraw the demand.
Mr. ORR. I wish to inquire of some gentle-
man who can give the information, why it is that
Colonel Fremont's accounts have not been settled
by the Secretary of War heretofore ? It has been
some four or five years since these matters trans-
pired, and I should like to have some information
upon that point. Can any gentleman give it to
me?
Mr. TOOMBS. I can answer the gentleman
from Colonel Fremont himself. It appears in the
House reports, a volume of which I hold in my
hand, that Colonel Fremont had gone out to Ore-
gon upon his exploring expedition when Gillespie
overtook him. He came back and joined the
expedition under the white bear flag, as he says
himself, upon his own responsibility, and gave his
drafts. He gave them upon his own authority,
not as an officer of the United States at all. That
is one reason why these accounts have to be
passed by legislation. He makes his drafts, or
borrows money and offers to pay three per cent, a
month. I have his agreements before me in this
book of House reports, and in one of them he
says he received $2,000 from one man and agreed
to pay him three per cent, a month.
I Mr. ORR. I desire to ask the gentleman an-
other question. There were largesumsof money,
as I learn, which passed through his hands while
1 in California. Has there been any accounting be-
tween him and the officers at the War Depart-
ment in reference to those moneys ?
Mr. TOOMBS. There has not.
Mr. ORR. What is the reason ?
Mr. TOOMBS. I cannot tell. That is what
should be known. The public records show that
he received large sums of money, which he prom-
ised that the United States should account for.
His account has not been settled, snd that money
has not been accounted for. The chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs is mistaken in say-
ing that he had no money in his hands. I have
i his own statements that he did receive money, in
