1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
601
hard cash, and which he promised that the United
States should pay. I want the whole account set-
tled.
Mr. ORR. I desire the gentleman from Mis-
souri [Mr. Phelps] to give the information I seek,
and that is, if there are large pecuniary transac-
tions between Colonel Fremont, as an officer of
the United States, and the proper accounting offi-
cer of this Government, and those accounts have
not been settled, why is it that they have not !
been ?
Mr. TOOMBS. I will read one of the docu- |
ments which I have before me, in this volume of ]
House reports, to show the character of the trans-
actions of Colonel Fremont. One is as follows: I
I, the undersigned, Governor of California,for the Uni-
ted States of Nnrtli America, acknowledge that I have re-
ceived from Don Antonio Jos6 Cot, merchant of this city,
two thousand dollars, in hard cash, which he has furnished 1
this Government for the public service. And I bind myself,
in the name of the United States Government, to return the
said Bum within the term of two months from this date, pay-
ing for interest three per cent, per month, or one hundred
and twenty dollars. But if at the expiration of this time
the Government should see fit still to make use of these
two thousand dollars, Mr. Cot agrees that the interest shall
run for four months longer, at two per cent per month, or
one hundred and sixty dollars for the four months. And for
the fulfillment of what has been stipulated, I bind myself as
Governor of California.
J. C. FREMONT.
Angeles, February 4,1847.
i have received from the said Mr. Cot, the sum of one
thousand dollars on the terms expressed above.
J. C. FREMONT.
Anceles, February 20,1847.
Mr. ORR. How is the agreement signed ?
Mr. TOOMBS. J. C. Fremont.
Mr. ORR. Without any title?
Mr. TOOMBS. Without any title.
Mr. ORR. Will the gentleman from Missouri
answer my question?
Mr. PHELPS. These accounts cannot be set-
_ tied except by additional legislation. That is the
reason that they have not been settled before. i
Mr. McLANAHAN. I rise to a point of order.
I do not think the time of the House should be j
consumed by my friend from South Carolina,
[Mr. Orr,] when his first intimation to the House
was, that he wished to make only one inquiry.
We have now had a series of interrogatories. I
should like to be heard for a few minutes upon this
subject.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from South
Carolina is entitled to the floor, having been regu-
larly recognized by the Chair.
Mr. McLANAHAN. But for only one inter-
rogatory, as the gentleman stated when he arose.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is entitled to j
the floor to make a speech, if he chooses. j
Mr. ORR. I desire to vote understanding^ J
upon this question. Inasmuch as I have not seen j
the report of the committee in print, and inas-
much as I have had no opportunity to examine it,
I feel that I have not sufficient information upon
the question to give an intelligent vote, and I have
propounded these questions to gentlemen whom I
suppose to possess the information, with the view
of informing myself. I am less fortunate than
my friend from Pennsylvania, [Mr. McLanahan,]
if he is prepared to vote intelligently upon the bill.
That is the reason why I desire to seek informa-
tion from the House.
Mr. McLANAHAN. Will the gentleman al-
low me to state why I am able to cast an intelli-
gible vote upon this question ?
Mr. ORR. If the gentleman proposes to throw
any light upon the subject, I will yield with a great
deal of pleasure, that ne may do so.
Mr. CARTTER. I rise to a question of order.
I concede the right, undy the practice of this
House, for a member in possession of the floor to
yield it for the purpose of explanation; but 
Mr. McLANAHAN. I desire to make an ex-
planation.
Mr. CARTTER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania has not occupied the floor upon the sub-
ject at all, and has nothing to explain.
The SPEAKER. How can the gentleman
from Ohio expect the Chair to know that fact?
Mr. CARTTER. From the fact that he has '
not said anything upon the subject.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the \
point of order.
Mr. McLANAHAN. I shall not occupy much 1
of the time of the House in discussing this ques-1
tion. I am too well aware, at this late day of the I
session, of the value of the time of the House,
both to the House and to the country, to do any-
thing more than what I conceive to be a proper
discharge of my official duties. It does strike me
that many questions, both of law and fact, have
been introduced into this debate which are wholly
irrelevant.
Mr. CARTTER. I again make my point of
order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that it is
not competent for the gentleman from South Car-
olina to yield the floor to another gentleman to
make a speech, and that it is competent to yield
the floor only for an explanation.
Mr. McLANAHAN. I assure the gentleman
that I will be very brief.
Mr. CARTTER. I should be happy to hear
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, but I have been
struggling for the floor for myself.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to execute
the rules of the House with fairness. It is com-
petent for the gentleman from South Carolina to
yield the floor to the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia for explanation, but not for the purpose of
making a speech.
Mr. ORR. If there is any objection to the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania going on, I will resume,
and will not detain the House much longer. I de-
sire to inquire of the gentleman from Missouri,
[Mr. Phelps,] whether the accounts of Colonel
Fremont are in such a condition now, that they
never can be settled by the accounting officers of
the Treasury, until some law has been passed, and
why it is that his accounts are in this anomalous
condition, when the accounts of other officers have
been settled three or four or five years ago ?
Mr. PHELPS. At the time of the war with
Mexico, the Secretary of War, anticipating that
troops would be raised in California, gave instruc-
tions that such troops as were raised there should
be mustered into the service of the United States.
That battalion, during the latter part of the year
1846, and the year 1847, as long as it was in ser-
vice, was under the command of Colonel Fremont,
by virtue of his appointment from Commodore
Stockton. Those troops, as I am informed, were
never mustered into the service of the United
States. Of the moneys received by Colonel Fre-
mont, and which he obtained by loan, the De-
partment had no knowledge, except from his own
statement, and from the presentation of his ac-
counts, showing that certain moneys-had passed
into his hands, and also showing that they had
passed out of his hands, by requisitions drawn by
Paymaster Reading, by Commissary Saunders,
ana by two or three other disbursing officers, who
drew upon him, either as commandant of the bat-
talion, or as military Governor of the Territory
of California. And upon the same piece of paper
upon which that requsition is written, there is a
receipt of the officer, acknowledging that Jie had
received from Colonel Fremont the amount there
specified. As I am informed, the money never
passed into the hands of Colonel Fremont, but
passed from the hands of the lender into the hands
of the disbursing officer. Consequently, the ac-
counts of Colonel Fremont with the Department
will show that certain amounts of money passed
into his hands, which were actually paid to Pay-
master Reading, Commissary Saunders, and other
officers.
Mr. ORR. What sum does Colonel Fremont
claim ?
Mr. PHELPS. The sum of $19,500, compre-
hending $4,500 interest. The rate of interest in
California at that time was two or three per cent,
a month.
Mr. ORR. What is the whole amount he
originally claimed againstthe Government beyond
the credits ?
Mr. PHELPS. 1 know of no other claim which
he has against the Government besides this one.
Mr. ORR. Are there no other accounts to be
settled ?
Mr. PHELPS. There are other accounts, but
they are not in the name of Colonel Fremont, but
in the name of persons who furnished supplies,
and in the name of the soldiers and officers who
served in the California battalion, whose claim is
for their pay.
Mr. McLANAHAN. I believe I am entitled
to the floor.
Mr. ORR. -The gentleman from Pennsylvania
will remember, that when I yielded the floor the
gentleman from Ohio rose to a question of order,
and the Chair ^indicated his purpose to sustain
that point of order. I therefore stated that I would
proceed with my interrogatories. I did not desire
to treat my friend from Pennsylvania with dis-
courtesy at all. I understood that objection was
made to his being allowed to make a speech.
Mr. McLANAHAN. I desire to go on with
the explanation I have commenced. I hope the
gentleman will withdraw his point of order. I
will be very brief.
Mr. ORR. I will say what I have to say in
ten minutes, and resume my seat without calling
the previous question, so that the gentleman will
then have the chances of war. If the gentleman,
however, wishes the floor for an explanation, I
have no objection to yielding it to him. I do not
wish to treat him with any discourtesy.
Mr. McLANAHAN, I wa3 about to remark
when interrupted by my honorable friend from
Ohio, whose usual courtesy I am certain will not
be withheld from me on this occasion 
Mr. CARTTER. I rise to a point of order.
"[Laughter.] I repeat the point I made before. My
honorable friend from Pennsylvania does not dis-
guise the fact at all that he rises to make a speech
from the beginning, and not an explanation. Now,
I would be pleased to hear him, but we have com-
mon rights on this floor, and I am a candidate for
them.
Mr. McLANAHAN. I rise for the purpose
of making an explanation. I was called on for
that explanation by the gentleman from South
Carolina, and I intend in a few words to give it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will proceed
with his explanation.
Mr. McLANAHAN. It appears that the right
< of Colonel Fremont to act in a public capacity in
' the State of California, was first called into ques-
tion by the honorable member from Georgia, [Mr.
Toombs.] Well, sir, for the sake of argument, I
will at once admit that he was neither acting under
the authority of the Government of the United
States, nor "by the warrant of law at that time.
But I reply at once, it is too late to rely upon such
a plea—a plea that possesses no merit either in
point of law or of fact. That argument must be
yielded now, and the question (if question there
be) set at rest, because this Government has rec-
ognized his acts by subsequent legislation, and
thereby confirmed all he did in the premises now
under consideration. As late as the last session
of Congress, in passing the Army appropriation
bill, authority was given to the Secretary of War
to institute a commission for the purpose of ascer-
taining the validity of the claims that were brought
from California by volunteers who served under
•Colonel Fremont. That commission sat in this
| city. The object for which the Commissioners
were appointed is expressed in the order of the
Secretary of War. It is as follows:
" Colonel Charles T. Smith, Lieutenant Colonel Charles
Thomas, Major Richard R. Lee, are hereby appointed to
examine and report to Congress on such claims as shall be
presented against the United States for funds advanced,
subsistence and supplies of all kinds furnished or taken for
the use of the volunteers serving under the command of
Captain John C. Fremont, in California, during the year
1846."
Thus, sir*, it will be seen that the Government
of the United States, in selecting three officers of
high grade in her Army, "all honorable men," for
the purposes set forth in the above order, was not
only disposed to acknowledge the brilliant and
important services of one of her distinguished
sons, but was ready and willing to do ample jus-
i tice to all the claims that grew out of such ser-
vice. The Government created her own tribunal,
selected her own judges, and made up the issue
with these claimants. The competency of those
who constituted this commission is not questioned,
their integrity cannot be doubted, and their judg-
ment should not be gainsayed. It would be de-
rogatory to the honor and the character of the
country to reject the report of the judges we se-
lected, for no other and no better reason than that
it was in favor of the claimants. 1 trust that this
House will not consent to register its own dis-
grace by such a vote.
Upwards of $200,000 of claims were presented
to that commission, and from the report it appears
that but one single claim was presented against
this Government in which Colonel Fremont had
, any privity whatever; and that, I beg to say, is
the very first claim allowed on the schedule fur-
