602
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 12,
lushed by the commission. Sir, we have been |
informed by the chairman of the Committee on ; |
Military Affairs, that the claim of the parties who
cashed the drafts for $19,500, drawn by Colonel
Fremont on the Treasury of the United States,
was unanimously agreed upon by the commis-
sion as a just demand against this Government.
It is unnecessary, perhaps, for me to recapitulate
what has already been so fully explained in regard
to these drafts. It is well known that they were
protested fornon-payment. The fiscal functionaries
of the Government had no authority of law to pay
them. They were sent Ijack under protest, and
those who advanced the money on them to Colo-
nel Fremont in time of war, to sustain the honor
and interests of the United States, have caused the
arrest of this gallant officer, and confined him in
order to obtain payment of the debt, within the
walls of a British prison. Sir, is this consistent
with the magnanimity, the integrity, the justice
of the Republic' Who will say so?
But I put the case on strictly legal grounds, and
I assert, without the fear of successful contradic-
tion, that it is not competent for this House, after
having instituted this commission, delegated to it
the power of investigation, and after the investi-
gation has been fully and fairly made, and the
claim has been allowed, to reject it for any or for
all of the-reasons suggested by the gentleman
• from Georgia. The debt was contracted, as it
was ascertained in the first place, for the Govern-
ment. The Government, by its commission, has
ascertained its own responsibility and its duty to
pay this claim. Instead of higgling and hesitating
about it now, the heart of every member on this
floor should leap forth to embrace this opportunity
—not of sacrificing a principle—not of conferring
a favor, but of doing a long, a too long neglected
act of justice.
It is alleged that Colonel Frgmont has a large
account to settle with the Treasury. There is no
evidence before us of this fact that I can see; nor,
indeed, is it at all material if the fact be so. But
let us look at the question as it now stands. Up-
wards of §200,000 of clSfms were presented to the
Commissioners. They allowed and passed favor-
ably on some $31,000; the balance, about $170,000,
were not sustained by evidence, and were conse-
quently rejected. Of the $31,000 allowed, the
claim of $19,500, on which Colonel Fremont was
imprisoned in London, was unanimously allowed,
and placed first on the list submitted to us by the
Commissioners. This is the only demand against
the Government in which Colonel Fremont ap-
pears to have the slightest personal interest.
Then, sir, whether Colonel Fremont was in
California without the warrant of law, and without
the authority of the Government, I take it, is not.
now legitimately involved in this discussion, nor
is it a question for us now to ascertain whether
the money raised upon these drafts was disbursed
properly or improperly. The money was raised
by Colonel Fremont to sustain the honor and the
interests of the United States, and the Govern-
ment has justified him in thus raising it by its
subsequent legislative action. That it was paid
over by Colonel Fremont to officers of the Army
whose duty it was to disburse it, and to disburse
it properly, is not doubted by any one who has
investigated the subject. If they foiled to do so,
they were amenable to the law. If they did do so,
and I believe it has been ascertained by the com-
mission they did, then it is the duty of this Gov-
ernment, under the circumstances, to pay that
debt, and to pay it at once.
The gentleman talks about all over $30,000
having been rejected; but he should remember
that same Commission which spoke of fraudulent
claims above §30,000, spoke of other claims,
amounting to $30,000, that it esteemed just and
proper to be paid by the Government. This is
the judgment rendered by the court you created,
by the judges you selected. Will you adopt what
is in your favor, and reject what is against you ?
Will you go back of the duties you imposed on
this Commission, and tell them they have not in-
vestigated, because they have not found all in your
favor? that their report ts not to be received or be-
lieved? that Colonel Fremont was acting without
authority of the Government, and against treaty
stipulations, and the laws of the land? that he
neither subserved the interests or honor of his
country in California? that he fraudulently re-
ceived, and fraudulently squandered, the sum now
sought to be recovered from the Government for 1
his use? Sir, it is too late to set up such a de-
fense. It is against every principle of law and
justice that it should prevail. You are to take,
and you ought to take, the report of these Com-
missioners as conclusive evidence. It is a liqui-
dated debt, and it is the duty, as it should be the
pride, of the Government to pay it promptly.
| Mr. ORR. If any legislation is to be had at
the present time, I prefer that the amendment of
the gentleman from Mississippi [Mr. Brown]
should be adopted by the House in lieu of the
original bill. I propose to offer the following pro- :
viso to that amendment:
Provided, That nothing herein contained shall be con-
strued so as to require the Secretary of War to recognize
the validity of the claims of said Fremont, upon which
actions are pending or judgments may have been obtained
in favor of Anthony Gibbs & Sons, assignees of F. Hutt-
man, in the courts of her Majesty the Queen of Great ,
Britain.
The SPEAKER. There is a motion to com-
mit the bill pending, which cuts off all amend-
ments.
Mr. ORR. Well, then, I will offer it as an
amendment when afforded the opportunity. |
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Illinois. I desire to ask
I the gentleman this question: Suppose Colonel
Fremont has unsettled accounts with the Govern-
! ment, or, to make it stronger, suppose in some
other capacity in which he is acting he is a de-
faulter to the Government, and the Government
has received the benefit of the proceeds of these
| drafts, would that be any reason for its withhold-
ing their payment?
Mr. ORR. That would be assuming the very
thing about which I have doubts in my own mind;
that is, the validity of the claims on which suits
have been instituted against Fremont in England.
We have a report of the Commissioners, author-
ized to be appointed at the last session of Con-
gress, recognizing, to a certain extent, the claims
embraced within these drafts in favor of Huttman;
, and I am, therefore, willing to pay to Colonel
Fremont this $19,500, provided the Government
is to get the benefit of that amount in a final set-
tlement of his accounts, if he fails to establish to
the satisfaction of the accounting officers that this
demand of Huttman's is legitimately chargeable
to the Government.
Mr. CAMPBELL. If Colonel Fremont estab-
lishes to the satisfaction of the Government that
it did receive the benefit of the proceeds of these
drafts, would not the gentleman be willing they
should be paid independent of all other unsettled
accounts?
Mr. ORR. Tfie amendment of the gentleman
from Mississippi specifically provides for the pay-
ment to Colonel Fremont of $19,500 at the present
time, but that the Secretary of War shall charge
that amount to his account, to be deducted from
his allowance on a final settlement by the account-
ing officers. It may be there is a sum due to
Colonel Fremont—it may be $20,000; and it may
turn out on examination that this $20,000 is not
embraced within these judgments. If that should
turn out to be so, the Secretary of War would not
be able, in settling the accounts of Colonel Fre-
mont, to set up the discount for thepayment now
made unless the amandmentof the gentleman from
Mississippi be adopted. In adopting that, although
there is nothing said as to the reason why this
payment is made, the amendment will indicate it.
As I understand it, this is simply an advance pay-
ment. I am willing to go that far—I am willing
to make that advance, and depend on the final set-
tlement whether the Government owes him that
much. If theGovernment has received the money
upon which these drafts were predicated, I think
it ought to pay them. The whole proceeding in
California was irregular and informal, from the
time you first entered theTerritory until the State
of California was admitted into the Union. But
if the expenditures made by Colonel Fremont were
for the benefit of the Government, although un-
authorized by legislative enactment, I think that
justice requires he should be indemnified, and I
am willing to deal not only justly but generously
with him.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi. I desire to
make a single remark in connection with what the
gentleman has said. He is right in supposing
that I mean bv my amendment to pay Colonel
Fremont $19,500 to relieve his present embar-
rassments in London. I do not propose that
$19,500 shall be paid on these drafts, but on his
whole account. If the balance is against him we
must sustain a loss; but I do not think there will
be a balance against him. But if you pay $19,500
upon these specific drafts, and in future investiga-
tions it should turn out, as I apprehend it may, that
this money was not applied to the use of the Gov-
ernment, but that Colonel Fremont applied to the
use of Government moneys derived from other
sources, you cannot set off the payment of these
drafts against the claim of money which he has
used for your benefit. Therefore I want to make
the appropriation of $19,500 upon the general ac-
count, and not to the payment of any particular
item, and when the accounts are finally settled,
let there be paid to him anything which may be
due him.
Mr. ORR. Will the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Stanton] withdraw his motion to refer this
matter to the Committee of the Whole?
Mr. STANTON. I will, for we cannot stop
this talk. [Laughter.]
Mr. ORR. I offer the amendment which I have
already indicated, and I renew the motion of the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Stanton,] to referthis
bill to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
j the Union.
1 Mr. CARTTER. Mr. Speaker, I look upon
this matter in a different view from that which
' seems to have been entertained of it by other gen-
tlemen who have spoken upon this subject. This
| fact is conceded: that Colonel Fremont served the
United States regularly, and under the authority
of the Government in California, or he did that
service irregularly. That the service was per-
formed by him, nobody can doubt, particularly
when his achievements are so fresh in the memory
of the whole country. Whether he performed this
service under corporal drill, or without, is to mea
matter of no consideration in connection with the
question that is now pending, and all the lightand
learning which has been expended upon that sub-
ject here, is totally devoid of any interest to me.
It is sufficient that this nation has enjoyed the fruits
of this gallant man's services, and in doing it have
given sanction to his services. That is sufficient
for me. This idea of fightine irregularly is a mat-
ter of little consequence, in my judgment. I think
that those who fight most regularly are the last
that ought to be rewarded as affeneral proposition.
i In performing these services, Fremont brought to
the credit of this nation as large a fund of national
J fame and personal honor as any other citizen or
soldier in the regular or national army. There is
no man who can deny this: that in performing his
services he encountered more enemies than any
1 other man that ever went forth to do service for his
country. His campaigns led him through track-
I less wilds, beset at every step with peril; and one
of the greatest achievements, that for which I ren-
der him the most homage, is his bringing out and
developing to the world a region abounding with
i untold treasures, which had rested for years un-
known and in profound mystery, and for opening
a road traveled with great peril—and still marked
with danger—to those vast domains on the Pa-
cific. Colonel Fremont visited England, and was
I there disgraced to a great extent—and so far as
I this nation held property in his character and fame,
the nation too—by being incarcerated in a British
1 prison for a debt which he said was not his own,
' which the Senate Chamber of the United States
has said was not his own, which a committee of
this House has said was not his own, and which
the Board of Commissioners, legally constituted to
investigate, has said was not his own. It is not
to be disputed that the pettifogging made use of to
get rid of his claim lies behind all these manifest-
ations of public functionaries'. That the claim
against Fiemont has been prosecuted to judgment
is an ascertained fact.
Here let me say a word in reply to the honor-
able gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,] the
impulses of whose heart I know, and I know them
to be good. I know his love of justice, too, and
believe it sincere; but he did himself great injus-
tice, and to Colonel Fremont more than he intend-
ed to do, when in the pathway of his remarks he
carried the idea, or permitted the idea to float in
| connection with his remarks—for such would be
the inference of any gentleman who read his re-
; marks on paper—that Colonel Fremont traversed
j three thousand miles of ocean, with as gallant a
il reputation as ever left this continent, in collusion
