604
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
of a treaty for the extinguishment of the Indian title to the
land in the valley of tfae Red river of ihe North.
By Mr. THURSTON : The memorial ofDavid Melville,
Newport, Rhode Island, for increase of bounty land.
Feb. 14,
IN SENATE.
Monday, February 14, 1853.
Prayer by the Rev. James Gallaher.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of War, in an-
swer to a resolution of the Senate for information
as to the quantity and kind of coals contracted for
by that Department, and its officers and agents,
during the past year; which was ordered to be
printed.
Also, a report of the Secretary of War, in an-
swer to a resolution of the Senate, for information
in relation to the defense of the harbor of San
Francisco; which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives
was received, by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, announ-
cing that it had passed a bill from the Senate for
the relief of John Charles Fremont, late Lieuten-
ant Colonel in the Army of the United States,
with an amendment.
REGISTER OF THE SHIP RESOLUTE.
Mr. SEWARD. I wish to read to the Senate
a very brief note, and then to ask them to take up
a bill from the House. The note is in these words:
" 'l'lie ship Resolute is now completely laden, and awaits
her papers to proceed to sea. You will be kind enough to
communicate by telegraph whether there is any prospect
of obtaining the register proposed for her."
I ask the Senate, in consideration of this circum-
stance, and the fact that I am obliged to be out of
the Senate Chamber this morning, to take up the
bill from the House of Representatives for the re-
lief of John Millar.
There being no objection, the bill was read
twice and considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It proposes to issue a certificate of regis-
try to such vessels within the United States as
may be owned in whole or in part by John Mil-
lar, formerly of Belfast, Ireland, but now of the
city of New York, who has declared his intention
to become a citizen of the United States; sueh cer-
tificates to have the same force and effect during
five years, and no longer, as if issued to a citizen
of the United States; and that if Millar shall not,
during the term of five years, become a citizen of
the United States, the certificates issued shall be
void.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a
third time, and passed; and, t>n motion by Mr.
Seward, it was
Ordered, That John Millar have leave to withdraw his
petition and papers now on the files of the Senate.
PETITION.
Mr. SEWARD presented a petition of citizens
of New York and Brooklyn, praying that a con-
tract may be entered into with Christian Hansen
for the transportation of the mails between Brook-
lyn and Gluckstadt, and between Kiel and St.
Peters burgh; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
IMPROVED ENGINE AND RAILWAY.
Mr. FOOT. Mr. President, I am charged with
the presentation of the memorial of Colonel James
S. French, of Virginia, the patentee of a new and
improved engine and railway structure, praying
Congress to aid in putting his improvement in
operation here at the seat of Government, upon a
scale sufficiently extensive to make a thorough
test of the practicability of his plan. °
It is not, perhaps, an appropriate occasion, upon
the presentation of the memorial, to occupy the
time and attention of the Senate with a statement
of the construction and operation of this inven-
tion, and it is rendered the less necessary as there
is now a model railway and engine of Colonel
French si mproyed plan upon daily exhibition in
the rotunda of the Capitol, so that we can all ex-
amine it for ourselves, and form our own judg-
ments of its practical utility from personal inspec-
tion. I hope all will avail themselves of the op-
portunity of examining this model. ,
It is enough for me to say, for the present, that !
I have examined it with some care and with very !'
, great interest, and have quite satisfied my own
judgment of the practicability of Colonel French's
plan, and of its ultimate complete success. The
great practical ends to be attained by this im-
provement are, to overrun heavy grades, much
; heavier than are now deemed practicable; to run
1 all grades, high or low, with much lighter machin-
ery than is now in common use; and the greater
security against trains being thrown from the
track. If these ends are attained, it follows that
a vast expenditure will be saved in the grading of
roads, especially in the rough and mountainous
sections of the country; a vast expense in the
wear and tear of roads caused by running a heavy
class of engines upon them, will be saved, and
the hazards to personal injuries will be greatly
diminished. These are most important and de-
sirable results, and of universal interest.
If this invention or improvement affords even a
reasonable probability of producing such results,
it appeals most strongly to Congress for its
favor and patronage, so far at least, as to give it
a full and satisfactory experimental trial. And
now is the time for such an experiment—now,
when the whole country is engaged in railroad
building; now, when we are here engaged in dis-
cussing various projects for a line of railroad to
the Pacific coast by the aid and the agency of the
General Government.
I move the reference of this memorial to a Select
Committee of five, to be appointed by the Chair.
The motion was agreed to; and the President
appointed Messrs. Foot, Rusk, Dawson, James,
and Norris, the committee.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. GWIN, from the Committee on Finance,
to which was referred the bill from the House of
Representatives for the relief of S. Morris Wain,
reported it with an amendment.
Mr. WALKER, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, which was instructed by a resolution of
the Senate to inquire and report what sum is due
to the Menomonee tribe of Indians, and the terms
on which the payment should be made, submitted
a report on the subject; which was ordered to be
printed.
NAVY REGULATIONS.
Mr. HALE submitted the following resolution
for consideration:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy inform the
Senate whether a code of rules and regulations or instruc-
tions for the government of the Navy is now in course of
preparation, or has recently been prepared by a board of
officers acting under his authority; and if so, ihat he be
requested to submit the same to tins House for the consid-
eration and approval of Congress before taking effect.
INDIAN INCURSIONS.
Mr. HALE submitted the following resolution
for consideration:
Resolrcd, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to inform the Senate if any complaints have been
made by the Mexican Government to this Government of a
violation of the provisions of the eleventh article of the
treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo, or of any neglect on the part
of this Government to perform the stipulations of that article
of the treaty relative to the suppression of savage incursions
into the territory of Mexico from the territory of the United
States.
SENATOR FROM KENTUCKY.
Mr. UNDERWOOD presented the credentials
of the Hon. J ohn B.Thompson, elected a Senator
' by the Legislature of the State of Kentucky, for
six years, from and after the 4th day of March,
1853; which were read.
THE FISHERIES.
Mr. MALLORY informally submitted an
amendment, which he intends to propose to the
bill reported on Saturday by Mr. Davis, from the
Committee on Commerce, in relation to the fish-
eries; which was ordered to be printed.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, pro-
ceeded to consider the bill from the House of Rep-
resentatives to supply deficiencies in the appro-
priations for the service of the fiscal year ending
the 30th of June, 18o3, which had been reported
from the Committee on Finance, with various
amendments.
The first amendment of the committee was in
the clause—
" To fay for the Congressional Globe and Appendix, and
the Annals of Congress, ordered for the use of the Congres-
sional Library, under the resolution of the IIou<e of Sen-
tember 38,1850, $4,500—
to strike out the words in italics, and insert in lieu
thereof the words—
" To enable the Clerk of the House of Representatives
to pay for certain books ordered for its Library."
Mr. HUNTER. That is to make the appro-
priation correspond with the fact. It is for the
House, and not for the Congressional Library.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was a
verbal one, in the clause relating to the furnishing
of books to members of the House of Represent-
atives, by strilting out " this House," and insert-
ing "the House of Representatives."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
insert the following:
" For payment of arrearages due to the chief clerk of the
Bureau of Yards and Docks, on account of salary, as pro-
vided by the act of 3d March, 1851, restoring the same to
that paid the chief clerk of the late Navy Board, «1,766."
Mr. HUNTER. That is upon estimate. One
of the clerks was cut down by mistake. His
office was restored, but not his salary.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
insert the following:
" For payment of arrearages due to David Finch, as su-
perintendent of the painting the exterior walls of the Pat-
ent Office and Treasury buildings, $117 50."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
insert the following:
" For repans of vessels employed in the coast survey,
$10,000."
Mr. HUNTER. That is upon estimate. It
will enable the Superintendent of the Coast Sur-
vey to forward his work, to make the appropria-
tion in the deficiency bill, instead of in the bill for
the next fiscal year.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
insert the following:
" For services rendered by Ihe clerk in the General Land
Office charged with the superintendence of the Chickasaw
Indian business, from the 23d of May, 1837, to the 28th of
February, 1851, at .*<250 per annum, $3,437 50."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
insert the following:
" To supply a deficiency in the contingent expenses ot
the office of the Secretary of the Treasury for tils fiscal
year ending 30th June, 1853, {$5,000."
Mr. HUNTER. That is according to estimate.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
insert the following:
" For the repair of dSmages to and the improvement ol
Lafayette Square, $1,278."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
insert the following:
" For the erection of the necessary building for making
and providing gas, and fitting the pipes for distributing it at
the Naval Academy, §2,500."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
insert the following:
"For compensationofUnited Statesassayer at San Fran-
cisco, California, from the 1st of January, 1852, to the 30th
of June, 1853, $7,500."
Mr. HUNTER. That is according to estimate.
Tt seems that there has been an omission in the
appropriation for the salary of that officer.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
add the following as an additional section:
" Sec. 4. And he it further enacted, That so much of Ihe
second section of the act making appropriations for the
support of the Ariny tor the year ending 30th of June, 1853,
approved 31st August, 1852, as provides that ' no nor
' tions ot the moneys appropriated by this act shall be ap-
' plied to the payment of any expenses incurred prior to the
first day of July, 1852,'he, and the same is hereby repealed,
so far as it relates tu the appropriations for light-houses
contained in said act."
Mr. BORLAND. Before the vote is taken on
that amendment I should like to have some ex-
planation of it.
Mr. HUNTER, The explanation is this:
There was a provision in the Army appropriation
bill of last year that no part of the money appro-
priated in it should be expended for arrearages.
In the expenditure for light-houses the accounts
are carried on Irom year to year. It is a contin-
uous work; and although that provision operates
very well in regard to most matters, it has been
