1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
605
found inconvenient in relation to the light-house
system, and therefore it is proposed to suspend
so much of the provision as applied to the light-
house system, so as to permit the Department to
pay for arrearages in that service which occurred
prior to that year.
Mr. BORLAND. I would ask the Senator
from Virginia if this appropriation applies to the
construction of light-houses on the Pacific coast?
Mr. HUNTER. I presume it will apply to all
light-houses, and therefore includes those.
Mr. BORLAND. I asked that question because
if it does include them, I think it is time that
something should be said on that subject, and that
the Senate and the country should be put in pos-
session of facts which have been developed in re-
gard to contracts made in relation to those light-
houses, and the moneys stipulated to be paid for
them, which, when made known, I undertake to
say, will astound the mind of any man who has
supposed that the funds of this country have been
administered upon principles of honesty and com-
mon fair dealing. This is the first occasion which
I have had to allude to that subject, and I deem it
my duty now to call the attention of the Senator
from Virginia, the chairman of the Committee on
Finance, to this particular subject. I would sug-
gest to the Senator, in consideration of the general
fact which I have stated, that it would be as well
to except the construction of light-houses on the
Pacific coast. I do not desire now to go into a
discussion of the subject. There are reasons,
perhaps, why it is not proper to do so, because
there is a committee of this body now engaged in
investigations, a part of which relate to this mat-
ter. But I will state to the Senate in general
terms, that that investigation will expose a system
of fraud which will astonish the Senate and the
country when it comes to be made known.
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator, if I understand
him, proposes to except the light-houses on the
Pacific coast from the operation of this amend-
ment. I would suggest to him the propriety of
passing over this amendment for the present, so
that he may prepare his modification of it.
Mr. DAVIS. I wish the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Finance would state the operation of
this amendment. I would like to know what the
effect of it is.
Mr. HUNTER. It will give me pleasure to
state its operation. In the Army appropriation
bill of the last session, there was a provision that no
moneys appropriated by it for this fiscal year
should be applied for the payment of arrearages for j
the last fiscal year. The Secretary has told me
that this operated very well, Except in regard to '
the light-house system, and that, in regard to that,
they find it necessary to be able to use existing
appropriations for the payment of balances, and it
is proposed, upon the recommendation of the De-
partment, to except the light-house system from
the operation of that section in the appropriation
bill of last year.
Mr. BORLAND. Upon reflection, I think it
would be best, and I submit it to the Senator from
Virginia, not to make this exception at all. I pro-
pose to except from the exception the light-houses
on the Pacific coast; but I think it very probable,
and indeed it is reasonable to suppose, that if im-
proprieties have been committed in regard to them,
the whole system is tinctured with them; and I
think it is a good safeguard now, to let the matter
stand as it is, and not except any of the light-
houses at all. If we agree to the recommenda-
tion here, and except any light-houses from the
operation of this law, I shall have to make an ex-
ception from that exception with special reference
to the Pacific light-houses. I think, however, it
would be better to let them all stand on the same
footing, and let the whole matter be investigated
together.
Mr. HUNTER. If the Senator will allow me,
I think I can convince him that it would be better
to let the amendment lie over, and then when we
take up the bill to-morrow, the Senator can make
any amendment which reflection in the mean time
may convince him is necessary. This provision J
is necessary to be made, and the special case
whiclj suggested it is this: A portion of the money
applied to light-houses was, under the decree of
a court in Florida, paid for salvage; and some of
those important light-houses are now without oil,
and all the lights must be extinguished unless
more money is appropriated, or we pass this sec-
tion. It is necessary either to permit a portion of
the money appropriated in this fiscal year in the
bill of the last session to be applied to that pur-
pose, or we shall have to make a special appro-
priation for certain light-houses. The Senator will
find that it is indispensable to make some provis-
ion in regard to this matter, and I would suggest
that it would be better to let this amendment lie
over for the present, and by to-morrow he can in-
quire into it and be ready to propose whatever he
may think necessary.
Mr. DAVIS. I wish to say a word to the
chairman of the Committee on Finance. This
deficiency bill, I suppose, relates to all branches
of the service of the Government, and relates to
the light-house system as well as to others; but
what I wish to draw to the attention of the chair-
man is this: The expediency of separating entire-
ly the coast survey and the light-house system
from the Army and Navy accounts, that we may
be able at all times, and under all circumstances,
tounderstand what the light-house system costs us,
and what the coast survey costs us. They are sepa-
rate bureaus entirely; separate in all their opera-
tions; and among other things, the accounts, in
my judgment, should be kept separate; and I hope
that the chairman of the Committee on Finance
and his committee will, in the measures hereafter
to be adopted, keep that in view constantly, in
order that the country may see what the system
costs. I said here last year, what I think will turn
out to be true, that a system was then adopted by
Congress in regard to light houses that will prove,
if we can reach the bottom of it, if we can under-
stand where the money comes from, an immensly
expensive system—one that is complicated in its
character, and will turn out to be cumbrous in its
whole machinery. One man placed at the head
of the light-house system would be worth the
whole present system from top to bottom. But I
will not go into that.
Mr. HUNTER. I would simply reply to the
Senator from Massachusetts, that in the deficiency
bill we have appropriations for all the different
branches of expenditure, all the different arms of
the public service; and it would be impossible to
reorganize such a system as the coast survey and
the light-house system upon the deficiency bill.
If he will look back he will find that it is no new
thing to obtain appropriations for those services
in this bill, and in various bills. Some appropri-
ations for light-houses are contained in the military
appropriation bill, and some in the civil and diplo-
matic bill. New works are generally, duringtheir
construction at least, under the jurisdiction of the
War Department, and those that are established,
1 and are in operation, are under the Treasury De- ,
partment. I dare say the Senator is right in his
wish that these matters should be separated, but
it cannot be done at once, and upon a deficiency
bill.
Mr. DAVIS. I remember that a few years ago,
for example in the light-house bill, an appropria-
tion was made for the construction of a steamer,
costing some §70,000 or $80,000, which was de-
signed for the use of the coast survey, and yet it
was put in the light-house bill, and charged to the
light-house system. Now, what I want to get
rid of is this complication. I want to separate
the two things and let each stand on its own legs.
Mr. HUNTER. I am perfectly willing to agree
to that, but the Senate will remember that the light-
house bill always comes from the Committee on
Commerce, and not from the Committee on Fi-
nance.
Mr. DAVIS. I know that,and I think it is an
erroneous system. I am complaining against it.
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator from Massachu-
setts is a member of the Committee on Commerce.
I am not.
Mr. DAVIS. I did what I could to correct it
there, but I failed. I think the system is an erro-
neous one, and I wish to correct it elsewhere if 1
cannot get it corrected in the Committee on Com-
merce.
The PRESIDENT. If there is no objection,
the amendment will be passed over in pursuance
of the suggestion of the Senator from Virginia.
Mr. BORLAND. With the consent of the
Senator, I am willing now to offer my amendment
to the amendment. While we have it before us,
we may as well dispose of it.
Mr. HUNTER. I have no objection to that.
Mr. BORLAND. Then I move to amend the
amendment by adding to the end of it the follow-
ing:
" Except as to the light-houses which have been con-
tracted for to be erected upon the Pacific coast."
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to, and the amendment as amended was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
add the following as an additional section:
"Sec.5. Jind bc.it further enacted, That the officers ap-
pointed to assist the superintendent of the naval astronomi-
cal expedition in Chili, directed by the act of the third of
August, eighteen hundred and forty-eight, shall be allowed
an increased compensation in a ratable proportion, accord-
ing to pay and rank, at the time of departure from the Uni-
ted States, to the allowance made to the said superintendent
by the act of March third, eighteen hundred and fifty-one,
■ft) be paid out of any moneys in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated."
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT. The amendments reported
by the Committee on Finance, with the bill, have
not been gone through with. There are some ad-
ditional amendments reported, which will be now
considered. The first additional amendment was
to add, at the end of the first section, the following:
" For arrears of compensation due A. J. Downing for
services as rural architect at the time of Ins death, $625."
Mr. RUSK. I have an amendment to offer to
that amendment, which I presume will not be ob-
jected to. It is to add to it:
" For temporary clerk hire in the office of the Auditor of
the Post Office Department, ($1,000."
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to, and the amendment as amended was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
insert the following:
" For laying out and graveling the roads and walks, pur-
chasing manure and trees, and seeding down in grass the
square south of the President's House, $12,000."
" For providing proper foundations for the custom house
at San Francisco, authorized by the sixth section of the act
entitled 'An act to supply deficiencies in the appropriations
for the service of the fiscal year ending the thirtieth of June,
one thousand eight hundred and fifty-two,' and in addition
to the sum of forty thousand dollars heretofore appropriated,
$25,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
add the following additional sections:
"Sec. 6. Jindheit further enacted, That nothing in the
provisions of the act entitled ' An act to establish a branch
of the Mint of the United States in California,' shall be
construed so as to prohibit the appointment of the assayer
therein authorized before the execution of the contract for,
and the completion of, the branch Mint buildings therein
authorized ; but that the President is hereby empowered to
appoint, in the manner prescribed by that act, an assayer
for said branch Mint in anticipation of the completion and
establishment thereof.
" Sec. 7. Jind he it further enacted, That the Secretary of
the Treasury is hereby authorized to procure, by rent or
lease, abuilding or apartments in the city of San Francisco,
suitable for the receipt, melting, and assay of deposits of
gold, in dust or otherwise, and for the custody of gold coin;
and that thereupon the office of the treasurer of the branch
Mint aforesaid, ex-officio assistant treasurer of the United
States, as well as the office of the assayer thereof, shall be
established in such building or apartments until such time
as the said branch Mint shall be completed.
" Sec. 8. Jlnd he it further enacted, That the owners of
gold bullion, in dust or otherwise, shall be entitled to de-
posit the same with the treasurer aforesaid, who shall give
a receipt, stating the weight and description thereof; and
the said treasurer shall, from time to tune, deliver such bul-
lion to the assayer herein authorized, whose duty it shall
be to melt the same, cast it into bar or bars, or disks, of
suitable and convenient size and form, to assay the same,
and to stamp thereon the proportions, in thousandths, of
tlie precious metal contained. And, thereupon, the said
assayer shall return to the said treasurer the bars or disks
so melted and assayed, who shall deliver the same to the
depositor thereof, or his order.
"Sec.9. Andhe it further enacted, That the said treas-
urer i - hereby empowered to appoint, with the approval of
the Secretary of the Treasury, one clerk to aid him in the
receipt and delivery of bullion, the preparation of accounts,
and in such other duties as he may designate; als-o one
weigher to weigh such bullion, and such watchmen and
servants as may be necessary in carrying on the business
devolved upon him. And the said assayer shall have au-
thonty, with the approval of the Secretary of the Treasury,
to appoint an assistant, and also such subordinate workmen
as may be necessary for melting and assaying such bullion:
Provided, That the annual salary of said assayer shall be
four thousand five hundred dollars, and that to the said
clerk and assistant there shall be allowed such annual sal-
ary, not to exceed three thousand dollars, as the Secretary
of the Treasury may approve; to the weigher there shall
be allowed, on like approval, a salary not to exceed uvo
thousand dollars, and to the subordinate workmen and ser-
vants such wages as are customary and reasonable in their
respective stations and occupations: And provided further,
That the said treasurer and assayer, as well as the assistant
assayer, clerk, and weigher herein authorized, shall, before
entering on their respective duties, take oath before some
judge of the United States or of the State ofCaliforniafnr the
faithful performance of their respective duties, and shall
also give bond, with one or more sureties, to the satisfar-
