606
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 14,
tion of the Secretary of the Treasury, and in such sums as
he shall prescribe, conditioned lor the faithful perfiomance
^ „jnd be it further enacted, That the genera! <
direction of the operations herein authorized shall be de-
volved upon the Director of the Mint in subordination lo the
Secretary of the Treasury; and it shall be the duty of the
said Director to prescribe such regulations and order such
tests as shall be requisite to insure the faithfulness and ac-
curacy of the aforesaid officers in the performance of their
respective duties: Provided, That no bar, ingot, or disk
cast in said assay establishment, shall be less in weight than
three ounces.
u Sec. 11. Jtndbe it further enacted, That there is hereby
appropriated, out of the money heretofore appropriated for
the establishment of a Mint in California, so much as may
b ;necessary for the purposes of this act: Provided* That
no contract be made for the erection and establishment of
the said Mint until the further order of Congress: Jlnd pro
tided further. That the lease ofbuildmgs herein authorize#
rfiall not be lor a period of more than three years."
Mr. HUNTER. I move to amend the amend-
ment, at the request of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, by inserting after the word " apartments,"
in the seventh section, the words:
" And to lease, purchase, or rent machinery."
He hfts doubts whether the amendment, as it
stands, gives him authority to purchase, rent, or
lease the necessary machinery to carry the estab-
lishment into operation, and I therefore move to
add these words.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
Mr. HUNTER. I further move to amend the
amendment, by adding, after the words " three
thousand dollars," the word "each," so as to
provide that the clerk and assistant assayer may
receive an annual salary not exceeding $3,000 each.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
Mr. HUNTER. I move to amend the amend-
ment further by increasing the salary of the
weigher from $2,00<0 to $3,000. Two thousand
dollars was the amount originally proposed, but I
understand that the salary is not sufficient to pro-
cure in California a competent officer for bo re-
sponsible a station.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to, and the amendment as amended was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert, in the first
section, before the appropriation for contingent
expenses of the House of Representatives, the fol-
lowing:
For contingent expenses of the Senate, viz:
For binding, $90,000;
For lithographing and engraving, $30,000;
For books, $2,300 ; !
For Congressional Globe, and binding the same, $1,843 ; j
For messengers, pages, laborers, police, horses, and car- |
ry-alls, $10,000
For clerks of President of the Senate and committees,
draughtsmen, fireman in crypt, and other miscellaneous
items, $20,000.
Mr. HUNTER. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out in the last item " $20,000,"
and inserting " $36,600."
Mr. CASS. There is one item which I wish to
understand the bearing of, and which I do not un-
derstand at present. I think there is a provision
in the amendment appropriating $10,000 for the
payment of messengers, pages, police, and laborers
about the Capitol. Now, I understand that the
sum usually allowed at the close of the session to i
the cl«rks, messengers, and persons about the
Capitol, unless that appropriation, is increased,
cannot be granted at the present year.
Mr. HUNTER. I would inform the Senator
that the reason why I propose the amendment to
the amendment is to accomplish the object he has
in view.
Mr. CASS. How much addition do you pro-
pose by your amendment?
Mr. HUNTER. I propose to add $16,600,
which, according to the estimate, is sufficient to
cover it.
Mr. CASS. Then 1 have no objection.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to, and the amendment as amended was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. In the first section of the bill
there is an appropriation for the outfit of a Charge
d'affaires to Austria, $4,500. I move to strike out
"Austria" and insert "Denmark," so that the
appropriation shall be for the outfit for a Charge
d'affaires to Denmark. This amendment is pro-
posed at the request of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. The next amendment is to
insert the following:
" For the compensation of Senators for the year ending
the 30th of June, lf>53, in addition to appropriations hereto-
fore made, and including that for the special session, com-
mencing the 4th March, lti53, $25,000."
That is an appropriation for the approaching
called session.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. I have another amendment;
to add the following at the end of the first section:
" For fuel, and quarters for officers of the Army serving
on light house duty, Ihe payment of which is no longer
made by the Ciuarieriiiaster's Department, $*2,34 1 27."
That is an amendment carrying out to some ex-
tent the idea of the Senator from Massachusetts.
The Quartermaster General has objected to pay-
ing these allowances for officers of the Army who
are engaged in light-house duty. It is no addition
to the annual appropriation; it is only transferring
it, and making a special appropriation for that
purpose instead of a general one in the appropri-
ation for the Arrny.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. The next amendment which
I propose is to insert the following:
" For deficiency in the fund for purchasing light-house
supplies, $6,200."
Mr. WALKER. It seems to me that what is
now proposed to be appropriated was embraced
in the amendment which the Senator formerly
offered. He stated to us then that these supplies
could not be furnished to keep up the lights, unless
the restriction formerly imposed upon the light-
house law should be removed, and he instanced
it as a cause of the deficiency in some of the most
important of the light-houses on the southern
I coast. Now, it seems to me, that in addition to
! removing that restriction, here is an amendment
specifically appropriating an amount to make good
these supplies. The reason why it is offered may
be satisfactory, but it might operate to duplicate
the appropriation for that object.
Mr. HUNTER. It does not duplicate the ap-
propriation. The one we have passed does not
add to the appropriation at all. It only enables
them to use the amount already appropriated for
the service of this year, from arrearages incurred
in the past year. This, however, is an additional
appropriation which is wanted. I believe the ex-
planation which I gave in relation to the last ap-
'■ plies more to this sum than the other; but here is
a paper which, if the Senator desires to hear it,
can be read.
Mr. -WALKER. There is no necessity for it.
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator is satisfied.
Mr. BRADBURY. I would inquire of the
chairman of the Committee on Finance, how much
the expense of the present light-house system ex-
1 ceeds that of former years, under the old system ?
i I have an idea that it will be found that the present
will be an enormously expensive system, and we
shall have to return to the old one.
Mr. HUNTER. I am not prepared to answer
that question. It would be more appropriate,
when the light-house bill comes up. I do not
krrow how the present system will compare with
the former in regard to expense. It will take some
time to ascertain from the Department the true
state of the case.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. The last amendment which
I have to offer is to insert the following:
" For the reappropriation of $754 40, being a portion of
the amount heretofore appropriated for the erection of a
custom house at Eastport, Maine, carried to the surplus
fund on the 30th June, 1852."
That is according to estimate.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAWSON. I desire to propound one
question to the chairman of the Committee on
Finance. In the first section there is an appro-
priation " for outfit to the Charge to Austria,
$4,500." As I understand, there was a Charge sent
to Sweden, and there was the usual appropriation
made for the purpose, but the appropriation was
omitted to be enrolled at the last session. Is there
any provision for the Charge to Sweden ?
Mr. HUNTER. The only .provision is that
made at the request of the Secretary of State, sub-
stituting Denmark for Austria.
Mr. SHIELDS. I desire to offer the following
amendment: '
That hereafter the salary of the Master of the Sword at
the Military Academy at West Point, shall be at the rate of
$1,200 per annum.
My reason for offering that amendment i , that
in the bill making provision for the West Point
Academy this item was omitted; consequently
there is a deficiency. At the time that bill was
before us we had not the particular information
necessary to act upon this subject. All the others
were provided for at that time but this. I presume
it may as well be offered now.
Mr. GWIN. As the Senator from Illinois has
not indicated in what part of the bill he proposes
to have his amendment come in, while he is look-
ing for a suitable clause to which to attach it, I
will, with his consent, offer the following as an
additional section:
Sec J2nd itfurtker enacted. That of the moneys
collected in the ports now embraced within the limits of the
State of California, as duties upon foreisn imports, the
sum of $300,000 be paid to the State of California, out of
any moneys in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated,
to "be applied to the expenses of the State government prior
to the admission of California into the Union as a State.
I will state that the provision of that section has
passed the Senate twice, at two different sessions.
It passed two years ago, and again the last year.
It was a section left out of the bill lately passed
for the relief of General Riley, authorizing the set-
tlement of his accounts. I contended for its inser-
tion into that bill, but at the suggestion of the Sen-
ator from Texas [Mr. Rcsk] I withdrew it, with
the intention of offering it as an amendment to
this bill.
Mr. HUNTER. For one, I am not willing
that this amendment should beadopted. I agreed
to the provision which formerly passed the Senate,
but I agreed to it, as I stated then, as a compro-
mise. If the amendment stated on its face that it
was in lieu of all demands by California in regard
to the civil fund, I might vote for it; but as it is, I
cannot do it. That is all I have to say on the sub-
ject. As it now stands, it proposes to pay
$300,000 to California out of the civil fund, and
still leaves the demand open if they choose to
make it hereafter.
Mr. GWIN. I will state to the honorable Sen-
ator that I think he misapprehends that bill. I
did not, nor did the Senator from Maryland, when
he drew it up and offered it in the Committee on
Finance, intend it to have that meaning. He in-
tended it as an outfit to the State, to be paid out
of the moneys collected prior to the admission of
the State into the Union. Now, in regard to the
compromise, I hope the Senate will not put any
such provision in this amendment. The Senate
has twice voted to the State the sum proposed in
this section. There is no question that creates
more angry feeling against the General Govern-
ment in California than the withholding of this
fund from the State. The judgment of the Sen-
ate will not be influenced at all by putting this
proviso to the section; and allow me to state that
the refusal to pay this $300,000 until we relin-
quish all of our claim to this fund will involve a
violation of the pledged faith of the State. By a
law of that State, it is provided that the whole
proceeds of the civil fund received from the Gov-
ernment shall be set apart for the payment of its
debts. Our bonds are issued, and our creditors
hold them, and this fund is a part of the assets
which the Legislature of California set apart to
pay them. I hope, as the Senate has on two dif-
ferent occasions passed a bill in these very words,
that it will not alter it now.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I think this is a proper
time to come to some understanding with regard
to thiB civil fund. That fund amounted, if I recol-
lect right, to between $1,200,000 and $1,300,000.
1 think it will be proper to ascertain at this time
how much of that fund, in the hands of General
Riley, will be paid out under the bill which we
passed for his relief. By that bill he is directed
to have credit for certain amounts which he paid
for the purpose of carrying on the government in
California. How much of this civil fund will be
left in the Treasury after the accounts of General
Riley have been settled ? That is the first inquiry
which I make. Then, how much will it be proper
for us to pay out of that civil fund to the State of
California? When this subject was before the
Senate at its last session, I concurred in the opin-
ion which seemed to be general in the Senate, that
we would give of this civil fund $300,000 as a
kind of outfit and by way of compromise-with
regard to the claim. I admit that my friend from
California did not agree to it, but he contended
that the whole fund should be paid to California.
I have no doubt that either the Senator from Cal-
