1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
607
ifomia or the chairman of the Committee on Fi-
nance can state about how much of this civil
fund will be left after General Riley's accounts
are settled.
Mr. GWIN. The bill that passed the other
day tor the relief of General Riley provides for
paying; tbe expenses of the tie facto government,
the expense of holding the constitutional conven-
tion, and also for the advances to the overland
emigration of 1849. These three items of expend-
iture do not exceed $300,000, as was stated by
the Senator from Maryland when he reported the
bill—that l*, $300,000 out of the §1,200,000, leav-
ing between $i?00,000 and $900,000 of this civil
fund unappropriated by Congress. It was sup-
posed, when that bill passed, that, including the
sum I now ask for the State, an appropriation of
$<>00,000 had been given, leaving at least one half
of the fund to go into the Treasury of the United
States which the State of California claims, and
to which she asserts, and will assert, her right.
Now, as the Senate have appropriated this sum
upon two different occasions, and sent it to the
House to sleep, as most bills for th# benefit of
California do, I hope they will not object to pass-
ing it now. I offered an amendment to the bill
■which originated in the House for the relief of
General Riley to pay the whole fund to California.
I considered it to be due to my State, and to put
her in the right position every time the question of
the civil fund comes before us. I have already
stated that what the State may get from this civil
fund has been set apart to pay the bonds issued
for the debt we created in putting the State gov-
ernment into operation; and if we accept this sum,
with the proviso that the State should give up all
claim to that fund, you require us to commit a
breach of faith to our creditors, who look to this
claim as part of the security for our debt.
The Legislature of California have sent instruc-
tions to myself and my colleague, which were
passed on the 18th of last March. They are in
the following words:
Resolved hy the Senate and .Assembly, That we deeply
regret that Congress has so Ions: delayed in refunding to the
State of California moneys collected in her ports, and from
the honest industry of her citizens, previous to her admis-
sion into the Federal Union.
Resolved, That we consider the fund heretofore known
as the (1 Civil Fund of California," to be the property of this
State; and that any other appropriation of It by the Gen-
eral Government we hold to be unjust and ungenerous.
Taxation without representation is a principle always re-
pudiated by the American people.
Resolved, That our Senators be instructed, and our
Representatives requested, to continue all honorable exer-
tions to procure from Congress the recognition of bur rights
to the moneys taken from us by the General Government,
and an appropriation to that effect; and that we call upon
our sister States to see that this act of justice is performed
towards the youngest of the Republic.
Rewlved, That the Governor be requested to present to
our Senators and Representatives, each, a copy of the fore-
going resolutions-
Signed February 5,1852:
RICHARD P. HAMMOND,
Speaker of Assembly.
Signed February 6,1852:
SAMUEL PURDY,
President of Senate.
Approved February 6,1852.
JOHN BIGLER.
These resolutions were passed unanimously,
and the strong language used shows the state of
feeling which exists in our Stale on this subject.
I think that under the circumstances, and con-
sidering that a bill with this section in it, has
passed the Senate at two different sessions, with-
out any proviso as to our claim to the civil fund,
it is unnecessary to put it in now, as it might, and
no doubt would be very offensive to the State.
Mr. RUSK. I shall vote very cheerfully for
that amendment, and I hope no conditions will be
attached to it which will be at all regarded as of-
fensive to the State of California. I think that
would be improper in every respect. It is true
that large appropriations have been made for Cali-
fornia; but I doubt whether they have been mis-
applied. They have not received as much as they
should have had. She is a part of the United
States, and we are as much bound to protect her,
and even more bound to do it now, on account of
her isolated condition, than the older portions of
the Union. The money asked for was collected
before her admission into the Union. I shall not
only vote cheerfully to give this $,300,000 without
any humiliating conditions attached to it, with re-
gard to the State of California, but I would vote
to give her the whole fund. I think it is right.
Gentlemen smile, and no doubt we shall have lec-
tures on the subject of economy; but let us look
at the condition of affairs. In what condition
should we have been but for the exertions of the
people of California? Strike out something like
four millions of bullion received monthly, and
what would have been the condition of the com-
mercial affairs of the United States? We should
certainly have been in a crisis in our commercial,
.manufacturing, and all the business affairs of the
United States, unless we had received the gold
which has been brought in in such large quanti-
ties from California. Without that we should
have been in a much worse condition than at
present. It has been, and still is, one of the
strong elements of national prosperity. The peo-
ple of California are far removed from us, and
unprotected to a very great extent, and it is no
more than just that this money should be paid. It
is far from being liberal to give her the $300,000
without any humiliating condition attached to it.
Mr. BORLAND. This matter has been before
the Senate two or three times, and it has passed
the Senate once. The Senator from California
says it has passed twice; that may be, but I have
no recollection of its having passed but once, and
that was on the occasion to which the Senator
from Virginia has alluded, when it was supposed
that a compromise was made. I well remember
the consideration upon which I voted for it at that
time. I stated then that it was because it was a
compromise for the purpose, not of giving what I
believed California was entitled to, but for the
purpose of getting through a bill equivalent to the
one which we passed the other day for the relief
of General Riley, and to settle his accounts. It
was because I believed that the public interest re-
quired that that settlement should take place, and
that that meritorious officer should be relieved from
embarrassments which were threatening ruin to
him unless he could have the settlements, that
I was willing to concede even the $300,000 to
California. Iwas willing to do that to accomplish
those two purposes, but as a separate proposition
I never would have voted to give California any
portion of the fund. It seems to me now, as a
single separate proposition, if we give her $300,000,
we concede the whole question, and are bound to
give the whole amount of the civil fund. Upon
what ground do we give any? Is it because she
is entitled to it by right? The Senator from Cali-
fornia contends that it is a matter of justice.
Mr. GWIN. Will the Senator allow me to
suggest to him that this appropriation is not to
come out of the civil fund at all. It is an outfit
for the State at the time the State government was
organized.
Mr. BORLAND. That seems to me an indi-
rect way of arriving at the same thing. We un-
derstand that the proposition and the argument
has rested hergfofore upon her right to this; and
whether we give it out of one fund or the other—
if we keep the whole amount of the civil fund, and
pay her out of the general Treasury, because the
civil fund has been paid in—it is just equivalent to
paying it directly out of the civil fund.
The argument made by the honorable Senator
from Texas, it seems to me, is a very extraordi-
nary one, that we are to pay these $300,000, or
the whole amount of the civil fund, and for what ?
Because her admission into the Union has con-
ferred benefits on the Union. Upon that ground
every State in this Union may come forward and
claim a bonus. Has the existence of New York
in the Union been of no service to the Union?
Strike her out and what a change would there be 1
in the condition of this Union ? Take any other ,
important State; take Ohio, take Louisiana, which
commands the mouth of the Mississippi. Of ;
what use has she been to the Union? And shall
she set down in dollars and cents the amount of
the benefit which her admission into the Union, I
or her existence in the Union conferred, and bring ;
up an account here, and demand payment for it?
I apprehend that if either of these States should i
present an account, they would be entitled to it
fully as much as the gold of California entitles her |
to this payment. j
This is put upon the supposition that all these !
benefits have been conferred by California; but j
that is a mooted question, I believe. I am not 1
satisfied that these great benefits to the country !
have been conferred by her. California has been ;
admitted into the Union, and I am glad she is in |
it. I would favor her interests as much as any •
other State, but I want her to stand on the same
footing as other States. An extraordinary favor
was shown to her; an extraordinary departure
from the general custom was made for (he pur-
pose of introducing her into the Union. We have
already incurred very heavy expenditures for her;
and 1 am unwilling to increase the amount merely
on the ground stated by the Senator from Texas.
But 1 will not dwell longer upon the view of the
subject which is presented, that a State is entitled
to receive pecuniary compensation because she
conferred benefits upon the Union by her admis-
sion into it. It seems to me that simply to state
the proposition is a sufficient answer to it. But
we are told by the Senator from California, and
also, as I understood, by the Senator from Texas,
that this is required to pay the outfit of California
coming into the Union as a State. Now, I would
inquire how much she has already received as an,
outfit? I think at least $300,000 have been already
appropriated for that purpose out of this fund
from which General Riley is entitled to a .credit.
I will ask the honorable chairman of the Commit-
tee on Finance, who I presume is informed on the
subject, if not as much as $300,000 have already
been paid for the expenses of the convention of
California, and her admission into the Union,
constituting what I understand the Senator from
California to mean by the term " outfit?"
Mr. GWIN. 1 will state to the honorable Sen -
ator, that the expenses of the de facto government,
the military government which was in operation
in California from the time it was acquired until
she was admitted into the Union, were paid out
of this fund. The expenses of the convention to
frame the constitution called by General Riley
were paid out of this fund; and the expenditures
for the overland emigration, about $125,000, were
paid out of this fund. That is all that has been
paid to the State of California since she came into
the Confederacy.
Mr. BORLAND. • That is the same thing.
We brought her into the Union, paid all the pre-
liminary expenses, and as the Senator says, we
have paid $125,000 to encourage emigration into
the State. Was anything of the sort ever done
for any other State in the Union? What other
State had all these preliminary expenses paid, and
$125,000 besides to pay the expenses of emigra-
tion into the State to give her people enough to
form a State ?
I do insist that if we recognize the claim of Cal-
ifornia to be paid this money, and pay it even to
the extent of only $300,000, we shall have already
conceded that we are bound to pay the whole
amount of the civil fund, no matter what it may
be; and then when any other State comes forward
with a similar account, we shall be bound to audit
and pay it just as we have paid California. New
York may come with hers; Massachusetts and
Louisiana, and every other State in the Union,
may come with their accounts; and I insist that
if we pay to California, it will be establishing a
principle upon which we shall be bound to pay
them. I should bring forward the account of my
State, humble and small assheis,and insist upon
having her accounts paid. I ask for the yeas and
nays upon the amendment.
Mr. BUTLER. If we give this $300,000 to Cal-
ifornia, it goes upon the broad ground of making
a discriminating bounty in her favor on account
of pecuniary deserts. Such a thing was never
done for any of the Territories. Michigan formed
her constitution, I believe, without the previous
permission of Congress, and were the expenses of
her convention paid ? Were the expenses of the
convention of Arkansas ever paid, or the expenses
of any Territory going into a State existence?
We are to pay the expenses of California—for
what? For the peculiar manner in which she
came into the Union. I shall Ray nothing of the
peculiar manner in which that State came into the
Union. I acquiesce in it. She has had my hand
of fellowship long ago. To say the least of it,
however, she came in very much upon her own
terms. She dictated the terms upon which she
came into the Union. She took as much territory
as she wanted. Yes, sir, she prescribed with her
own hand the extent of the territory she intended
to claim. That is true. Is it not? She came
here without previous leave of Congress, to form
a constitution. That has been acquiesced in. I
say nothing about it; but if you give her $300,000,
