608
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 14.
or the whole of this civil fund, as a reward for her
becoming one of the States of this Union, you pay
not only her expenses for coming to the marriage
feast, but you pay her a discriminating bounty as
a favored guest. She should be no more a favored
guest, if you choose to speak of it as a marriage
portion, than any other State. It is a discrimina-
tion in favor of the youngest sister. I know she
is a brilliant, dashing young belle. I know she is
likely to captivate a great many by the richness of
her dowry, [laughter,] but I think she ought to
be content with the splendor of her reputation, and
the fascination of her charms. She has already
endowed herself very bountifully; and yet she
thinks she has been moderate. I know not to
what to compare her, unless to Lord Clive, who,
when called upon by the British Government to
account for immense sums taken while he was
Governor of Calcutta, under the East India Com-
pany, said, upon looking at it, that he was abso-
lutely astonished at his moderation. [Laugh-
ter.] ,
Mr. PEARCE. The Senator from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Brodhead] asked a question which I
think has not yet been answered. It will be recol-
lected that this civil fund consisted of the duties
which were collected after the termination of hostil-
ities with Mexico. During the pendency of those
hostilities, duties were collected under Executive
authority,which were called military contributions.
After the cessation of hostilities they continued to
be collected, although there was no machinery es-
tablished there for the collection of duties. This
was then called the civil fund. California set up
a claim to the whole of it, as of right hers. The
Senate will remember that the question was de-
bated at length between the Senator from Califor-
nia and myself, some few years ago. The Senate
did not think that California was entitled to that
civil fund as a right, for they rejected the amend-
ment of the Senator, which was to pay her the
amount of the civil fund. This fund, during the
existence of what was called the government de
facto, was used by that government, and applied
to various purposes. Part of it, as explained by
the Senator from California, was paid to defray
the expenses of the constitutional convention, part
for the relief of the overland emigrants, who were
destitute and suffering, and then there was a much
larger portion of it which was appropriated to
military and naval expenses. I think several
hundred thousand dollars were appropriated for
the erection of buildings at Benicia. Certain it
is that large amounts were appropriated for mil- j
itary and naval expenditure on the Pacific coast,
and I apprehend, though I cannot state positively,
that when the accounts of General Riley come to
be settled, it will be found that there was a very
small amount in his hands, not much more than
will be sufficient, probably, to pay the allowance
which the bill passed the other day gives to him
and the other officers concerned in the collection
of those duties. I have no doubt, myself, that
there will not be a fund sufficient to pay the
#300,000. The provision of the law passed at the
last session of Congress was, to pay California
out of the Treasury of the United States, and not
out of the civil fund. I never had any idea that
the payment of §300,000 to the State of Califor-
nia, as provided for by the bill of the last session,
was made by way of compromise for the collec-
tion of the civil fund, because I denied then, en-
tirely, the right of California to that fund, or any
part of it. The reason why it was inserted, and
why the Senate passed it, as I suppose—and I
know no other—was, that California had not gone
through the process which other Territories of the
United States usually pass through. They com-
monly pass through a period of pupilage, during
which the United States defray all the expenses
of the territorial government. They give money
for erecting the public buildings, furnish a State
library, &c. For none of these purposes had
money been given to California, for owing to the
anomalous state of things there, she sprung at
once into the Union, a full-grown State. Inas-
much as she had not had the advantage which every
other Territory has had of appropriations for the
purposes which I have indicated, the committee
thought they would not refuse to give such an al-
lowance as she would have had from the Treasury,
if she had gone through the ordinary state of pu-
pilage. That, I believe, was the true and only
reason for the appropriation.
Mr. BORLAND. I wish to make one sugges- |
tion to the honorable Senator from Maryland. I
would ask him if all the expenses of any State j
which has ever come into the Federal Union, pre-
vious to her admission, and during her pupilage,
would equal the sum which has already been paid
to California ? I think it will be found that we
have already appropriated more for the State of
California than was ever given to any State while
it was in its territorial condition.
Mr. PEARCE. That is true. It was so stated
at the time; but owing to the extraordinary condi-
tion of things the appropriation was increased.
You had to make your appropriations correspond
in some measure to the scale of prices which pre-
vailed there, and which was five or six times
greater than elsewhere. In order to do equal jus-
tice to California, it was thought necessary to give
her a larger sum than other States had received.
Mr. BORLAND. I would say that, at any
rate, we paid all the expenses of the Government
of California out of the Treasury of the Federal
Government; whereas, in the case of those States
which first went through a long period under a
territorial government, we paid only a small part of
the territorial expenses. As to the expenses of the
State government, by way of erecting public build-
ings, &c., I think that about ten sections of land
is all that has been given to any State for that pur- ,
pose. But the main body of the expenses of the
administration of public affairs in the Territories
has been paid by the Territories themselves, and
a very small portion of it by the General Govern-
ment.
Mr. GWIN. The Senator from Maryland is
mistaken when he says that a large proportion of
this fund was paid out by the de facto Government
for military and naval purposes. What was paid
for military and naval purposes in California was
in accordance with an appropriation, then or sub-
sequently made, for the support of the Army and
Navy; but the civil fund never was used for that
purpose at all in accordance with the acts of
Congress. These payments were made from the
National Treasury for the defense of the United
States. It is not pretended that the de facto gov-
ernment thus used this civil fund, and General
Riley does not thus account for a dollar of it. All
ef this fund, used for military or naval purposes,
was loaned to the quartermasters olf the United
States Army, and their receipts taken therefor.
These vouchers of General Riley amount to 1
j $700,000 or $800,000, and as quartermasters of |
j the United States they have to settle and account
I for this money. Everything you allowed for the |
I de facto government, for overland emigration, and
\ for the expenses of the constitutional convention,
will not exceed $300,000, all told.
I am not going at large into a discussion on this
amendment. I know that talking will kill it; but
I want it distinctly understood that the whole of
these duties were collected without the authority
of law. It was a mere military exaction. The
merchants who were importing the goods were
told that their ships would be sunk unless they
! paid the duties. They paid them under protest.
The ships bringing provisions to feed the people,
when they attempted to go into the harbor, were
notified that if they did not pay these duties, al-
though there was no law for there collection, they
would be driven off, and the people had to revolt,
starve, or pay the duties thus illegally exacted.
The Senator from Arkansas talks about what
we have got. Why, sir, I have submitted to the
Senate, on a former occasion, a statement of the j
comptrollers of the State, showing that the ex-
penses of the government of California from the
time of its organization up to the date of its ad-
mission as a State, was $437,000; and it is known
to the Committee on Finance that I urged, when
they were giving what was considered an equiv-
alent for our expenses in that anomalous condi-
j tion, before our State was recognized, that they
should give what it cost. We had not a dollar to
, commence with; and this very fund was set apart
and applied for the purpose of the expenses of the
I State government, from the time that it went into
operation, until the date of its admission into the
Union, which amounted, as I have just stated, to
! $437,000; but I could only get $300,000 appropri-
i ated by that committee, and it thus passed the Sen-
ate. From the treaty of peace with Mexico to the
date of the admission of the State into the Union,
there were upwards of three millions of dollars of
revenue collected in California, and paid into the
Treasury of the United States, of which sum it is
not proposed that we, by this or any other bill
that has passed Congress, shall receive more than
$600,000, including this $300,000. We have paid
into the Treasury of the United States three mil-
lions, and including this $300,000, we are to get
but $600,000. I shall not, however, go into the
argument of this question at length, for it may
postpone this appropriation, although much less
than we are entitled to, still greatly needed by our
State in her present embarrassed condition.
Mr. RUSK. I desire to say but a few words
upon this subject. As soon as California was ac-
quired, the citizens of the United States had a
right to go there and reside. They had a right,
also, to a territorial government at the expense of
this Government. Everybody knows they did
not obtain one. Political differences here pre-
vented them from acquiring it. It <vas not, how-
ever, their fault. They belonged to the United
States, and the United States have derived a bene-
fit from the exertions of the hardy pioneers who
went there 'to settle it. We furnished them, then,
with no government. They went there upon
their own responsibility, braving all the toils and
dangers incident to it, and all the difficulties of
getting there; and their exertions, labor, and in-
dustry have contributed to the general prosperity
of the United States. If this be not a merit; it is
certainly no demerit. We furnished them, then,
no government, for the protection of life or prop-
erty. That was not their fault. We cannot pun-
ish them for the divisions here. It would be ex-
tremely unjust to do that. You taxed them; you
taxed the necessaries of life of the very men by
whose exertions you were reaping large national
benefits. You had no law on your statute-books
authorizing that, but you had officers there to en-
force it, or starve those men. You claim upwards
of $1,300,000,1 believe. You left them for a length
of time without any government at all, and they
were bound at their own expense to form a gov-
ernment. They were kept out here for a length of
time, and this accumulation of expenses fell upon
them. When you had taxed them, and had not
paid the expenses of their government—taxed
them without law, and brought that money into
the Treasury—then you come in and say, because
they are prosperous, and it is a fine country—be-
cause they have contributed to the general pros-
perity of the country, you will not put them on
an equality with the other States. The expenses
of the government of Michigan, for the protection
of life and property, find more, for protection
against foreign enemies, were paid; so that it does
not stand upon the same footing with California
at all. Now, after we have been receiving bene-
fits through the labors of these hardy pioneers,
these men who have risked life, and fortune, and
everything, and have contributed to the general wel-
fare of the country in an eminent degree, we are
to turn round and say to them, " We will not pay
your expenses." Free-Soilers and the Wilmot
proviso men impeded the establishment of a terri-
torial government, or southern men, if you choose,
impeded their admission as a State.
Mr. BORLAND. Will the honorable Senator
permit me to say a single word ? I know he would
be the last man to do injustice to the South; but
I desire to say, that the southern votes were not
given against the formation of a territorial gov-
ernment in California.
Mr. RUSK. Certainly not.
Mr. BORLAND. They were given for the
formation of a territorial government.
Mr. RUSK. Certainly. I did not say any-
thing else. The records show that throughout;
but whatever they may charge it to, the inhabit-
ants of California were thus prevented from re-
ceiving the attention to which they were entitled
under the Constitution, and which all the other
Territories had received. They were compelled,
then, from necessity, to incur these expenses them-
selves. You took this tax out of the hard earn-
ings of the miners and others, from whom you
reaped a great national benefit; and now it is
claimed that we should refuse to pay them this
sum. I cannot do it.
Mr. BRIGHT. The claim of California to this
j fund is based upon the fact, that a sum of about
! $1,300,000 was collected before any State organi-
zation was formed there in any shape.
! Mr. GWIN. Before the act of March 3,1849,
