THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
32d Congress, 2d Session.
TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 15, 1853.
New Series....No. 39.
extending the revenue laws over California went
into operation.
Mr. BRIGHT. So I understood. If the
$1,300,000 had not been thus collected, the Sena-
tor from California would not have offered the ]
amendment. Though that amendment does not 1
provide that the j^OO.OOO shall be paid out of
that fund, it is based upon the fact that that fund
was collected, and that therefore California is en-
titled to it. Now, if we pay the ยง300,000, upon
the same principle will we be called upon again and !
again to pay, until we have paid the whole amount
of the fund.
Mr. GWIN. I do not intend to speak again
on the subject, and therefore if the Senator will
permit me, L will interrupt him for a moment.
From the time the act of March 3,1849, went into
operation up to the time when California was rec-
ognized as one of the States of the Union, the
Government collected ยง2,000,000 in addition to
the civil fund, and we say we are entitled to every
dollar of that additional fund.
Mr. BRIGHT. I understand so. I have uni-
formly opposed this amendment before the Com-
mittee on Finance, and I have opposed it here, for
the reason that 1 do not believe that the State of
California has any more right to the money col-
lected there, in the shape of duties, than any one
of the States in which custom-houses are situated
have a right to the duties collected there. I have
been willing to assent to the proposition that if
ยง300,000 would be taken as a final settlement, to
give it; at least, I was willing to assent to it up to
the period when I ascertained that the merchants
who paid the fund in the shape of duties have sued
the officers of the United States, and are seeking
to collect it back again. Suits are now pending,
I understand, in the court* of the United States,
entered on the part of the merchants who paid the
duties, alleging that they were collected without
any authority of law. Now, if those suits can be
sustained, if the money can be collected back by
the merchants, the effect of passing the amendment
will be to pay the money twice. We will pay it,
in the first place, under these suits, to the mer-
chants, and we will pay to the State of California.
For this reason I am opposed to the amendment,
and shall vote against it. I
Mr. BADGER. I agree with the honorable |
Senator from Indiana, that as this amendment |
now stands, the adoption of it will be a recogni-
tion of the right of the State of California to the
whole of the civil fund, as it is called. I am not
prepared to admit that the State of California has
any such right; and, therefore, in the form in which
the amendment now stands, I cannot vote for it.
Upon what is the claim to this money based?
The honorable Senator from California, and my
friend from Texas, [Mr. Rosk,] refer to the fact,
that owing to a difference of opinion in Congress,
no territorial government was established for Cal-
ifornia. Then, I suppose, Mr. President, in order
to come exactly at the equity and justice of this
case, we must put California now as she would
have been if there had been a territorial govern-
ment established. Suppose a territorial govern-
ment had been established in California, would
the Territory of California have been entitled to
the money collected in her ports? Would the du-
ties levied under the revenue laws of the United
States in that Territory, have gone into the treas-
ury of the Territory? Certainly not. If a terri-
torial government had been established, and it had
continued until the State of California was admitted
into the Union, that Territory or that State would
not have been entitled to one farthing of the
money. The money would all have been the
money of the United States, and being the money
of the United States, in case of our having done
what it was our duty to do, how does it hap-
pen, when we have not done that which they
say it was our duty to have done, that what would
have been our money, becomes the money of the
State of California ? I cannot see and understand
the application of the argument. These duties
which have been collected, they say we must pay
to the State of California, because no territorial
39
government was established when the duties were j
paid, when, if a territorial government had been
established, she would not have been entitled to a ;
penny. What is the logic of this? It is, that in a
certain event which did not exist, this money
would have belonged to the United States; that
event ought to have existed, and, therefore, it now
belongs to the State of California. That is the
argument. |
Then the Senator from California says this
$1,300,000 was collected by military authority. Be
it so. What was collected ? Nothing except what
is collected from the citizens of every State and
Territory in the Union. The same duties were
levied in California as are levied everywhere else.
The thing done was right. It would have been
manifestly unjust that California should have free
ports and escape all duties, while every other por-
tion of the United States was subject to the regu-
lations imposed by the revenue laws of the United
States. The thing done, then, was right. Butit
is said it was done without lawful authority.
Well, if done without lawful authority, pray, sir,
who is entitled to the money unlawfully col-
lected? Not California, but the people who paid
it. What sort of justice would it be to say
that because the United States had, by military
power, without right, exacted $10,000 from a mer-
chant in California, therefore the United States
shall pay $10,000 to the State of California? Is
that sound logic ? Would it be just to take the
money of a merchant in North Carolina, or New
York, or Massachusetts, and pay it over to the
State in which he lived? It is taking the money
of one person wrongfully, and then compensating
him by paying it over to another wrongfully, as [
; my friend from New Jersey [Mr. Miller] sug-
gests.
Then, as between the State of California and
the United States, the case is this: The same du-
ties were collected in California, and from her
citizens, that are collected from the citizens of
every other State of the Union. California has
no right to complain of that, then. If it was col-
lected without law, the money should be returned
to the pockets of the individuals who paid it, and
not to the State of California. Nor, JYlr. Presi-
dent, does the amount of the duties collected in
California, in the slightest degree affect this ques-
tion. Suppose there was a large amount of duties
collected in California. Those duties belong to
the United States, and they are to be expended
for the general purposes of the United States.
They have been appropriated certainly with no
niggard hand toward doing for the State of Cali-
fornia what the United States are bound to do for
every Stale of the Union.
But, abstracted from the considerations I have
spoken of, and I think effectually disposed of, and
letting this matter stand precisely on the ground
that large duties have been collected in California,
and how is it? Three millions of dollars were
collected in California; therefore California has a
right to $1,300,000. If that is an argument which
applies to the State of California, it applies equally
with regard to every other State in the Union. If
that principle is adopted and recognized as just,
then one third of all the duties collected in any
State of the Union would immediately be taken
out of the Treasury of the United States and re-
turned to the citizens of those States where it was
collected. Sir, so far as I am able to see, there is
neither argument nor plausibility in such a prop-
osition. But on the principle stated by the hon-
orable Senator from Maryland, [Mr. Pearce,] if
the amendment is put in such a shape as does not
involve an acquiescence in the right of California
to the$1,300,000,1 am willingto vote the$300,000.
Under the particular circumstances of the case I
will do it, and do it willingly; and forthe purpose
of testing the sense of the Senate as to whether
they are willing to agree to that principle, I move
to amend the amendment by striking out the
words, " of the moneys collected in the ports now
embraced within the limits of the State of Califor-
nia as duties upon foreign imports," so that the
section would read thus:
" Jind Itc it farther enacted, That the suin of $300,000 be
paid to the State ot California, out of any moneys in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to be applied <  the
expenses of the State government prior to the admission of
California into the Union as a State."
That amendment will avoid two thingsfor which
I do not wish to vote. I do not wish to append
any condition which will be in any way disre-
spectful to the State of California.
Mr. GWIN. I accept that. It will answer
my purpose.
Mr. BORLAND. I would suggest that the
hour of one o'clock, which was set apart for the
consideration of a special order, has arrived; and
that this bill should be now postponed until to-
morrow.
Mr. WALKER. If the understanding is that
this bill is to be passed over until to-morrow, I
will not say anything about the amendment now.
Mr. BORLAND. It was taken up with that
understanding.
Mr. WALKER. Then I give way.
The further consideration of the bill was ac-
cordingly postponed until to-morrow.
COLONIZATION IN NORTH AMERICA.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
then proceeded to consider the joint resolution
declaratory of the views of the United States re-
specting colonization on the North American con-
tinent by European Powers, and respecting the
Island of Cuba.
After a debate of nearly three hours, in which
Mr. Douglas, Mr. Cass, Mr. Badger, and Mr.
Underwood engaged, Mr. Houston obtained the
floor, and on his motion, the further consideration
of the subject was postponed until Saturday next.
[For this debate see Appendix.]
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, February 14, 1853.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Rev. James Gai.i.aher.
The Journal of Saturday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER. The business first in order
is the motion to reconsider the vote by which the
bill for the relief of Rosanna Sowards was ordered
to a second reading.
HOUR OF MEETING.
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to offer a resolution, to which
now, I presume, there will not be a single mem-
ber to object. I offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That until otherwise ordered, the daily hour
of meeting of the House of Representatives shall be at
eleven o'clock, a. m.
There was no objection, and the resolution was
accordingly received.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. I would sug-
gest to the gentleman from Alabama that he so
modify his resolution as to make it provide for
meeting at ten o'clock.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman can move
that as an amendment if he desires, and then I
will call the previous question.
Mr. SEYMOUR. I move that as an amend-
ment.
Mr. HOUSTON. I now demand the previous
question upon the passage of the resolution.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Illinois. I desire to
make a suggestion to the gentleman from Ala-
bama, in reference to his resolution. If we are
hereafter to meet at eleven o'clock, I think it
would be better that the order for night sessions
should be dispensed with.
Several Members. That's right.
Mr. HOUSTON. As it seems to be the wish
of the House to dispense with these night sessions,
I will so modify my resolution as to rescind the
resolution requiring an evening meeting.
Mr. DAWSON. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman from Alabama, that if we are to meet at
eleven o'clock, the morning hour, between eleven
and twelve o'clock, might very properly be appro-
priated to the call of committees for reporta. I
