610
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 14,
hope the gentleman will modify his resolution so :
as to require that disposition to be made of it.
Mr. VENABLE. I ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to waive his suggestion for a moment.
I have prepared an amendment in the nature of a
substitute, which I think will cover the whole
ground. It provides for rescinding these night '!
sessions, and  \
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ala- !
bama has so modified his resolution, and called
the previous question. It is not therefore in order
for the gentleman to move his amendment.
Mr. VENABLE. My amendment also pro-
vides that the morning hour shall be devoted to
the call of committees for reports.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Illinois. A standing
rule of the House requires that.
The previous question was then seconded, and
the main question ordered to be put.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Sey-
mour's amendment, providing that the hour of
meeting should be at ten o'clock, and it was dis-
agreed to.
The resolution was then adopted.
SWAMP LANDS. !
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I move to suspend
the rules, to enable the Committee on Public Lands
to report a bill to settle the conflicting titles in rela- :
tion to swamp lands.
Mr. STANLY. I rise to a question of order.
I understood the Chair to say that the first busi-
ness in order was the motion to reconsider the vote
by which the bill for the relief of Rosanna Sow-
ards was ordered to a second reading; and that
the gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Houston] had
the floor only by unanimous consent to offer his
resolution. I suppose after that, the consideration
of this bill is the regular order of the day ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair so announced.
It is the order of the day, if called up. It is,
however, competent for the House to pass it over
in silence, and will be so passed over unless called
up. The Chair thought it his duty to call the at-
tention of the House to it, and he therefore an-
nounced that it was the first business in order.
Mr. STANLY. Well, sir, I asked for the floor
for the purpose of calling up the motion to recon-
sider; and now that I have it, in order that the
rules of the House may be observed, and the reg-
ular order of business adhered to, I call up that
motion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Davis] obtained the floor regularly, and sub-
mitted the motion, which he had the right to sub-
mit, to suspend the rules for the purpose indicated
by him. It is not, therefore, competent for the
gentleman from North Carolina, at this time, to
call up the motion to reconsider.
Mr. STANLY. Has the gentleman from In-
diana the right to move to suspend the rules and
lay this bill aside?
The SPEAKER. Certainly, to lay this and
all other business aside. That is the very object
of suspending the rules.
Mr. STANLY. Suppose the rules are not
suspended, can I then call up this bill as the regu-
lar order of business ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman may call it
up if he can get the floor for that purpose.
Mr. STANLY. But the Chair says this is the
first business in order; now, cannot I, or anybody
else entitled to the floor, call for the regular order
of business ?
The SPEAKER. It is true that this motion
to reconsider is the regular order of business.
The rules also provide that the call of States for
petitions shall also be in order; but nevertheless
it is in order for any gentleman who can get the
floor to do—what? To move to suspend the rules,
this being Monday. That motion is as much in
order as anything else.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. The point is
this: This business is before the House under a
suspension of the rules. It was introduced on
Monday last under a suspension of the rules. I
say, therefore, that any gentleman has the right to
call it up and have it considered, to the exclusion
of all other motions. It is not even in order for
the gentleman from Indiana to move a suspension
of the rules for the purpose he indicates, because
the House are already acting under a suspension
of the rules.
The SPEAKER. In reply to the gentleman
from Georgia, the Chair will state that the rules
were suspended on Monday last for the purpose
of taking up the bill, anu for no other purpose.
The bill, however, being up, was under consider-
ation. The House adjourned, leaving the consid-
eration of the bill from that day to this upon the
motion to reconsider the vote by which it was
ordered to a third reading.
Mr. STEPHENS. Was not the previous ques-
tion ordered ? I understand it was, and that is
why it comes up now.
The SPEAKER. The previous question was
demanded but not seconded, and the bill went to
the Speaker's table, where it remains, and where
it will continue to remain, until the motion to re-
consider the vote by which it was ordered to a
second reading be called up. It is not before the
House at all, and cannot be brought there except
by calling up the motion to reconsider.
Mr. STANLY. If the gentleman from Indi-
ana makes his motion and takes his seat, why is
it not in order for me to address the Chair, be
recognized,and move to suspend the rules, and to
take up some other bill than the one he indicates ?
The SPEAKER. For the reason that the mo-
tion of the gentleman from Indiana is legitimately
before the House, and must be first put.
Mr. STANLY. That is the answer I expected,
because the Chair cannot make any other. Now,
I maintain that the bill which the Chair announced
as before the body must take priority of allothers,
and if the Chair does not so decide, I will take an ;
appeal, and let the House decide whether we will
do something in order or leave every one to take
his chance for the floor, and bring up what busi-
ness he pleases.
The SPEAKER. On last Monday, by a sus-
pension of the rules, a private bill was taken from
the Speaker's table, and read a first and second
time. A motion was made to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was ordered to a second read-
ing, but before the vote was taken upon the motion
to reconsider, the House adjourned. Now, the
Chair decides that it is competent for the gentle-
man from North Carolina to call up the motion to
reconsider, or for any other gentleman to call it up,
when they can obtain the floor for that purpose.
But upon Mondays it is in order to move to sus-
pend the rules for any purpose; the rules upon re-
considerations as well as every other rule of the
House. That stands in the way of accomplishing
the object sought by the gentleman from North
Carolina. The gentleman from Indiana—no gen-
tleman having risen before him to call up the
motion to reconsider, was legitimately upon the
floor; his motion was legitimately made, and, in
the opinion of the Chair, must first be put to the
House.
Mr. STANLY. I was upon the floor when
the gentleman from Indiana was recognized, for
the purpose of calling up the motion to reconsider,
when 1 yielded with others to allow the resolution
of the gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Houston]
to be introduced.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman had been
recognized, it would have been competent for him
to have called up the motion to reconsider.
Mr. STANLY. How can I be recognized ?
The SPEAKER. "That is the difficulty. The
gentleman from Indiana has the floor.
Mr. STANLY. I desired the floor for the pur-
pose of calling up the business which the Chair
stated had priority. I submit, therefore, that I
should have been recognized for that purpose in
preference to the gentleman from Indiana.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot tell the ob-
jects for which gentlemen seek the floor. If the
gentleman had succeeded in obtaining the floor,
he could have accomplished his object.
Mr. STANLY. Well, sir, I state now that it
was for that purpose.
The SPEAKER. It is too late. The Chair
! decides that the gentleman cannot now call up the
! motion to reconsider, a motion having been made
by another member to suspend the rules. From
this decision the gentleman from North Carolina
appeals.
The question "Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the House?" was then
taken, and decided in the affirmative.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
[A message was here received from the Senate,
announcing that they had passed bills of the fol-
lowing titles, viz:
Joint resolution for the relief of John P. Con-
verse, of Ohio;
An act for the relief of John Millar; and
An act to regulate the fees and costs to be al-
lowed clerks, marshals, and attorneys of the cir-
cuit and district courts, and for other purposes;
the two former without amendment, and the latter
with amendment.
Also, a resolution explanatory of the act for the
benefit of Amos Proctor, approved the 17th June,
IS44.
Also, announcing that the President of the Uni-
ted States had notified the Senate that he had ap-
proved and signed bills of the following titles:
An act to make the salary of the judge of the
criminal court of the District of Columbia equal to
that of a judge of the circuit court of the said Dis-
trict;
An act for the relief of the widow of the late
John A. Lynch;
An act for the relief of Asenath M. Elliot; and
An act authorizing the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to issue a register to the British bark Fanny,
under the name of Golden Mirror.]
Mr. DEAN. I rise to a point of order. There
is a bill brought here in the message just received,
which it is very necessary should receive the early
action of the House. I ask the Chair whether that
bill must necessarily go to the Speaker's table?
The SPEAKER. Certainly it must go there,
and be taken up in its regular order, under the
rules.
Mr. DEAN. Then I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to take it up now.
A Member. I object..
SWAMP LANDS—TITLES.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I move to suspend
the rules for the purpose of enabling the Commit-
tee on Public Lands to report a bill of the follow-
ing title:
" A bill for the adjustment of sales and locations, con-
flicting with the swamp land selections."
Mr. Speaker, if the House will indulge me for
one moment, I will explain the object of the bill.
I assure the House that I will not occupy twenty
minutes, and perhaps not ten minutes. By the
act of 1850, granting the swamp lands in certain
States to those States, the title was vested in them
from the passage of the act; but the land offices
not having been closed, the Government went on
and sold many of the lands afterwards selected un-
der the swamp land act. This brings up a conflict
of title, and the object of this "bill is to adjust that
conflict. It makes it the duty of the respective
States to relinquish to the General Government the
titles which they have acquired by the sales made
since the passage of these acts, and then it makes
it the duty ofthe Government to pay over to those
States the money which it has received in pay-
ment for these lands. The object is to settle this
question of conflicting titles. This bill comes rec-
ommended by the Commissioner of the General
Land Office, and it is one in which not only the
j General Government and the States, but in which
individual interests are involved, and when it shall
be read to the House, and its character under-
stood, I am sure no objection will be raised to its
! passage. I do not desire further to take up the
time of the House, but I hope the rules will be
suspended, and the bill considered at this time.
The question was taken, and upon a division
there were—ayes 97, noes 37.
Mr. ALLISON. I demand tellers.
Tellers were not ordered; and two thirds having
voted in the affirmative, the rules were suspend-
ed.
Mr. HALL, in pursuance of leave, reported
from the Committee on Public Lands a bill for
the adjustment of the sales and locations conflict-
ing with swamp land locations; which was read a
first and second time by its title.
Mr. HALL. I ask that the bill may be read,
and I send to the Clerk some amendments which
the Committee on Public Lands propose to the
bill, that they also may be read.
The bill was then read as follows; the portions
in italics being the portions proposed by the com-
mittee to be stricken out, and the parts in brack-
ets those proposed to be inserted, viz:
A BILL for the adjustment of sales and locations conflict-
ing with swamp land selections.
Whereas many ofthe lands granted to the State of Loui-
siana by the act entitled "An act to aid the State of Loui-
siana in draining the swamp lands therein," approved 2d
