1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
613
Government has our money. She is willing to re-
fund it, either to the individuals who paid it, or to
the States. Believing that the course proposed by
this bill would accomplish the desired object with
the least delay, and secure justice to the Govern-
ment, to tl>e States,and to individuals, in the sim-
plest way, I introduced the bill for the action of
this House.
As an illustration of these facts, I desire to say,
that in the State of Indiana alone there has been
sold by the Government, of lands subsequently se-
lected under the act which has been read, 39,265
acres, and of this amount 23,589 acres were sold
for cash, and produced $29,498; 15,666acres were
located with bounty land warrants, amounting to
$19,582, making together $49,080. This same
state of things existed in all the States. This
money is, then, in the Treasury of the United
States. The Government admits it, and is willing
to refund it either to the individuals or the States,
as I have already shown by the decision of the
Secretary of the Interior, and which I shall further
show by the secret instructions recently issued by
the Commissioner of the General Land Office. I
will here answer a question which was propounded
to me by a gentleman in the progress of this dis-
cussion, which was," If the swamp land grant did
not cover all the public lands in the new States?"
So far as my Stale is concerned, I answer no.
Indiana receives but a small portion of land under
that act. Another gentleman asks why it is that
these lands had been sold, and why it is that they
found purchasers after the passage of these swamp
land acts? thereby conveying the idea that there
was something wrong in reference to this matter, 1]
because if these lands were wet and unfit for culti- |
ration, they were of course valueless. Why, sir, by 1
the act of September 28th, 1850, all the lands, a '
greater partofwhichare wet and unfit for cultivation, 1
are regarded and designated as " swamp lands."
Some poor men, with their fifty dollars or one hun-
dred dollars, and who were unable to purchase i
better lands, have purchased a forty or an eighty I
acre lot, on which may be found a few acres of
dry arable land; but the greater part of which
being wet and unfit for cultivation has been re-
turned as swamp lands, and as such conveyed, or
in course of conveyance to the States. They have
settled upon and improved these lands, and in
many instances transferred them to third persons.
It appears from the instructions issued by the
Commissioner of the General Land Office of the
16th of September, and the 3d of December, 1852, 1
that these sales will be vacated, and the land pat-
ented to the States, unless cause to the contrary
be shown within sixty days from the latter date.
But, inasmuch as these instructions will shed some
further light on the subject, I will have them read.
They were then read, as follows;
General I.and Office, September 16,1852.
Gewtlemeh : Herewith is inclosed a list of illegal sales,
conflicting with swamp selections made wider the act of
September 28, 1850, with a copy of the decision of the Sec-
retary of the Interior, made on the 27th of May, 1852, as to
the operation ef that act. I have to request that you will
advise the parties of the illegality of these entries, and of the
necessity of their making application through you for the
repayment of the purchase money; also tliat you will re-
port "the cases to this office a* soon as the proof is com-
pleted in each case, as required by the circular of the 31st
of August, 1830. In addition to what i« required by said
circular, you will with each case inclose the party's affida-
vit, stating that he has not transferred or otherwise encum-
bered the land, and the receiver's duplicate receipt. The
affidavit caw be acknowledged before either of you of-
ficially.
I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
JOHN WILSON", Jlctine Commissioner.
Register and Receiver, Winnainac, Indiana.
General Land Office, December 3, 1852.
Gentlemen : In addition to the instructions contained in
my letter of the lfith September, 1R52, on the subject ofen-
triesconflicting with swampland selections, I have to re-
quest that you will, without delay, notify all persons whose
entries or locations conflict or interfere with the claim of
tlv: State of Indiana, under the swampland grant, that their
entries and locations will be vacated and the land patented
to the Slate, unless cause to the contrary be shown within
sixty days. Inall cases where the parties fail to give notice
by that time of an intention to contest the right of the State,
the land will be patented to the State, and the purchase
money afterwards refunded to them or their assignees, or in
cases oflocations a re location authorized, on theirapplica-
tion. In all cases where the patents, either for cash entries
or military locations, conflicting with the swamp land se-
lections, have been delivered, you will request the parties
to return them with the u«nal relinquishment indorsed
thereon. Upon the receipt of which you will note upon
thein in pencil the cause of such surrender, and transmit
them to this office with the usual report. If there are any
patents in a similar condition remaining in your office, that
have not been delivered, you will return them to this office
in like manner, without any relinquishment, being careful
to note that they have not been delivered. You will report
all cases, whether patented or not, to this office, as soon
as you learn the intention of the parties, and should you
fail to learrt such intention within the sixty days above
specified, you will also report that fact.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
JOHN WILSON, Commissioner.
Register and Receiver, Indianapolis, Indiana.
[A copy addressed to each register and receiver in the
State of Indiana.]
Now, suppose these sales are set aside and va-
cated, what will be the result ? Why these pur-
chasers will claim indemnity from the Government
for their improvements; they will beseech Con-
gress for relief from year to year; a system of
vexatious legislation will grow out of it, the end
of which we cannot foresee. These persons, who
have purchased these* lands in good faith, paid
their moneyinto theTreasury,and madeimprove-
ments, ought not to suffer on account of the laches
of the Government. I want to know, in the name
of common sense, justice, and equity, if gentlemen
can wish to produce this state of things? If they
do not, what objection can there be to the pas-
sage of this bill ? I am very well aware that when
we touch the subject of the public lands, that there
are some gentlemen who suspect " there is a cat
under the heap of meal "—that there is something
wrong, and their suspicions become at once ex-
cited. Let me say to them, that in this case at
least, they need have no fears or apprehension of
danger; it is a plain, fair, honest transaction.
The Secretary of the Interior, the Commissioner
of the General Land Office, and every Department
of the Government interested in the administration
of this law, are willing that this bill shall pass.
The Commissioner of the General Land Office, by
the letter which has just been read, has not only
indorsed it, but recommended its passage. One
more remark, and I am done.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Georgia. I understand
from the argument of the gentleman, that the main
object of this bill is to confirm titles in individual
purchases, and not to confirm titles to the States
to which grants have been made. It is to confirm
titles to purchasers—these poor men who have
been spoken of.
Mr. DAVIS. The preamble to the bill settles
that question.
Mr. JOHNSON. I desire to know why it is
that this bill provides for the confirmation of title
to the purchasers, and provides that the Treasury
' of the United States shall pay over the amount re-
ceived from these purchasers to the States? The
title of these purchasers is paramount against the
Government, and good against the States under
the law.
Mr. TOOMBS. There is no difficulty about it.
Mr. JOHNSON- We have been making do-
nations of lands for railroads,and grants of swamp
; lands, and because we have granted these boun-
ties to a certain extent, and because the good ex-
j pected has not been received, we must turn the
money over to the States.
| Mr. DAVIS. I can answer this in a moment,
i If the gentleman had listened to the reading of the
' bill, he would have found his question answered
in the preamble. That gives a full answer to his
interrogatories. Why, the Governor of the State
relinquishes to the General Government the title
which the State acquires by virtue of this grant,
and thereupon the Government confirms the sale,
and issues a patent to the innocent purchaser; and
if my honorable friend from Georgia had listened
to the reading of the bill, it would have saved him
the necessity of propounding to me the interroga-
tory he has. The object of this bill is merely to
save the General and State Governments a great
deal of trouble, avoid complexity, and secure to
individuals their just rights; nothing more. I will
not consume the time oftheHouseany morein the
discussion of this question for the present. I have
already said much more than I had intended. I
i demand the previous question.
Mr. TOOMBS. I hope the previous question
will not be seconded without an investigation of
this bill. It is important that the House should
understand it.
Mr. MEADE. I ask for the reading of the
, bill.
I Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi. I wish to re-
! new my appeal to the friends of the measure, and
I allow it to be passed over until to-morrow. Un-
■ less that is done, I shall be compelled to vote to
! lay the bill upon the table.
If not objected to, the bill
The SPEAKER.
will be read.
There being no objection, the bill was then read
through by the Cleric.
Mr. CLEVELAND. I desire to ask my friend
to withdraw his demand for the previous question,
to allow me to ask a single question.
Mr. VENABLE. Let us vote it down.
Mr. CLEVELAND. I wish to know if this
bill means anything more than simply to get an
act of Congress to confirm the opinion of the Sec-
retary of the Interior, when that opinion is clearly
against the act of 1850? Is there anything more
or less in this bill?
Mr. DAVIS. The opinion of the Secretary of
the Interior is within the meaning and spirit of
the act, and in my judgment clearly right. This
bill explains itself. I trust my friend can under-
stand me now.
Mr. CLEVELAND. This House Is compe-
tent to legislate for itself.
Mr. ORR. I hope the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Davis] will consent to withdraw the demand
for the previous question.
The question was then taken upon seconding
the demand for the previous question, and only
35 rising in the affirmative, it was decided in this
negative.
So the previous question was not seconded.
Mr. TOOMBS. I desire to ask the attention of
the House for a few minutes. When this bill, now
the subject of controversy, was passed, I was a
member of the House and voted for it. I think the
policy of it, as then understood by Congress, was a
wise and liberal policy to the new States. The ex-
press provisions of the act support my recollection
ofit. There werelargebodiesoftheseswamplands
which gentlemen who come here from the new
States represented as unfit for cultivation by rea-
son of inundations. Thattheirextent and the pecu-
liarities of situation rendered impossible for indi-
vidual settlers to remedy the evil. They further
represented that these lands were worthless to the
Government, unhealthy, and obstructed the settle-
ment of ihe new States, and the question was
whether the General Government should drain
I them and prepare them for cultivation, or the
States themselves. Believing that it was import-
ant to the progress of the new States that the
lands should be drained by the one or the other,
and that it could be better and more wisely and
economically done by the States than by the
General Government, the bill received my support.
But, sir, the class of lands was expressly speci-
fied as being " swamp and overflowed lands," and
"unfit for cultivation."
Now, sir, I have looked somewhat into this
question, and I say that most extravagant and un-
warrantable decisions have been made at the Land
Office, under that law, so as to make it include a
class of lands that was never asked for, never in-
tended to be given, and not fairly and honestly
within the purview of the Legislature, or fairly
deducible from its words. This has been done,
with the intent (and such has been the effect) of
extending the law to other lands, to an enormous
extent; and, I will say here, as a public man, con-
trary to law, to an unwarrantable and disgraceful
sacrifice of the public property.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Will the gen-
tleman identify those officers' When a gentleman
makes such charges as these, it is due to the par-
ties against whom the allegations are made, that
he should designate the officers. I deny it.
Mr. TOOMBS. As to the gentleman denying
the extent of the construction at the office 
Mr. JOHNSON. When the gentleman is
through, I will show that the construction which
he is trying to put upon that law is not based upon
sound intelligence.
Mr. TOOMBS. The gentleman may be heard
if the House chooses to hear him. I am stating
facts. It does not depend upon my own recollec-
tion. It was expressly declared in the words of
the act itself what was the object in view. Here
is the first section of the act:
" That to enable the State of Arkansas to construct the
necessary levees and drains to reclaim the swainpand over-
flowed lands therein, the whole of those swamp and over-
flowed lands, 1 made unfit thereby for cultivation,' which
shall remain unsold at the passage of this act, shall be, And
tile same are hereby, granted to said State."
That section declares precisely what I ha.ve
stated, that to enable the States to reclaim and
drain the sw&wp lands, rendered thereby "unfit
