616
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 14,
It vests the lands in the State from the date of the '
act, and not from the time of the issuing of the
patent
While I am up, I will, with the gentleman's
permission, state, that in Louisiana large quanti-
ties of lands have been entered which could never
be otherwise called than swamp lands. I know
of my own individual knowledge that lands have
been entered which are covered with water nine
months in the year, and over which a man can
with difficulty walk, and on which no animal ex-
cept alligators can travel. They are swamp lands,
and are entered for the sake of the timber. The
wood is chopped off, and then the land is aban-
doned.
Mow, sir, I will read the act, and it will he seen
that it vests the title in the State from the date of
the act. It is in these words:
"That to aid the State of Louisiana in constructing the
necessary levees and drams to reclaim the swamp and
overflowed lands thefew, the whole of tho^e swamp and
overflowed lands which may be or are found unfit tor cul-
tivation, shall be, and the same are, hereby granted to that
State."
In this state of things I would ask the gentle-
man what he will do with a case like this? The
tends between the thirty-first and thirty-third de-
free of north latitude, upon the Mississippi river,
ave, from my certain knowledge, been inundated
five, ten, or fifteen feet in depth. The lands on
the margin of the river have been reclaimed by
individual enterprise. The very moment you let
the levees loose, every foot of land will be inun-
dated. The United States have sold nearly a mil-
lion and a half of acrea along the river, and back
on the bayous, which, to my certain knowledge,
"was under water in 1828. Now, will you call
them overflowed lands, and swamp lands, or not>
They are now valuable because they have been
reclaimed by individual enterprise; a'nd if a man
should go and enter lands upon one of the bayous
back of these lands, which can now be cultivated
because it has been reclaimed by individual enter-
prise, would you not class it among overflowed
lands ? What will you do in that case ?
Now, sir, in the part of the country in which I
live, there are lands upon which no human being
can live, and yet men enter them for the sake of
the wood and timber. They have been selected
as swamp lands by the officers of the United States,
and will you, because they have been entered by
individuals, not consider them swamp lands?
What would a court of justice decide in such a
case? Would it not say that they are swamp J
lands, and were ceded as such by the United !
States at the date of the act?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Georgia. I desire to call '
the attention of the gentleman from Louisiana to
the second section of the act which he has referred
to. It provides:
"That as soon as the Secretary of the Treasury shall be
advised by the Governor of Louisiana, that that State has
made the necessary preparation to defray the expenses there-
of, he shall cause a personal examination to be made, under
the direction of (he surveyor general thereof, by experi-
enced and faithful deputies, of all the swamp lands therein
which are subject to overflow and unfit for cultivation : and
a list of the same to be made out, and certified by the dep-
uties and surveyor general to the Secretary of the Treasury,
who shall approve the same, so far as they are not claimed
or held by individuals; and on that approval, the fee-simple
to said lands shall vest in the said State of Louisiana, sub-
<,lspo*aI of the Legislature: Provided, however,
That the proceeds of said lands shall be applied exclusively
drains aforesafd f"*V'coasUactio" af 'evees and
Mr^STUART, (interrupting.) If the gentleman
from Connecticut [Mr. Cleveland] will allow me
a few moments, I pledge him and the House that
™ b(Ulery br,ef ln mY remarks.
MichiganLEVELAND. The gentleman from
S♦ Tu eXCUSe me' as 1 am anxious to say
wT.fffl t l° say uP°n this subject; but I
will afford him an opportunity to express his
s me* h~ - ^^
were members then, will bear me witness thafl
am correct when I say, that at that time no man
stood upon th  floor and asked to have a grant
made of a sinde rood of land, except such as was
entirely valueless, in its then condition, to the
General Government. From all quarters of this
Hall, every man who was an advocate of the law I
which gentlemen are now so anxious to avoid
avowed his determination to claim nothing under I
the act except what was entirely valueless to the I
Government. Nothing whatever, they said, was
parted with by the Government, because not an
acre of these lands was ever entered, and, there-
fore, not a dollar would ever come into the Treas-
ury from the sale of them; and the act read by
the gentleman from Louisiana [Mr. Moore] is
predicated upon the idea that they shall have these
lands for the express purpose of making that val-
uable which, in its present condition, is entirely
valueless.
Now, gentlemen say, that for certain other pur-
poses, the lands are worth something. But why
did we make the grant at that time? It was upon
the ground that the General Government would
never make an expenditure of money to drain and
maKe valuable the large amount of overflowed
land, then entirely unsalable, and, indeed, which
were, with the water standing upon them, injuri-
ous to human life. There was no other ground
upon which it was placed.
Everybody can see, by reading the last act, that
it confirms the opinion expressed by the gentleman
from Georgia, in regard to the construction which
was sought tj beplaced upon it, and that at the time,
there was no grant made, or ever intended to be
made, of a single acre of land which could be used
for the purpose of cultivation, without a large ex-
penditure of capital.
And now I ask, if the gentleman does not come
forward and ask that this money may be refunded
and paid over, on the ground that these lands have
been taken for just the purposes which were ex-
cluded by the terms of the act under which the
States took the land?
The gentleman says that it is not advisable to
have the large amount of money which has been
received by the registers and receivers of the va-
rious land offices for these lands, from the passage
of the act of 1850 to the time when the patent
issued to the States, taken out of the Treasury.
This is the argument of a number of gentlemen
upon this floor. Now, let us see what the bill be-
fore the House provides for. It says:
"■Be it enacted, That upon application by the Governor
ot either of the Stales aforesaid, or such officer as may by
aw be designated for that purpose, it shall and may be law-
uf to pay over to such Scale the purchase money received
ly the United States for any lands granted to auc'h State bv
the act atoresaid."
Here the proposition is made, not to let the
money remain in the Treasury of the United
States, but that the money which has been re-
ceived at the several land offices in the State of
| Indiana and others, shall be transferred from the
| Treasury of the United States to the treasury of
il these several States. That is the whole length
,1 and breadth of it.
But this, Mr. Speaker, is not all. Here is a
| proposition designed to transfer, as I understood
my honorable friend, some $50,000 or $60,000
from the Treasury of the United States to the
coffers of the States which were the grantees of
these swamp lands, and that, too, in violation of
one of the most wholesome rules adopted for the
regulation of the proceedings of this House—the
rule requiring all bills containing appropriations of
money to have their first consideration in the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
Our attention was at first invited to the bill as one
merely having for its object the settlement of a
ciifoculty between the opinion of the head of one
of the Executive Departments and the legislation
or Congress, and the quieting of a consequent
conflict of titles. The rules were suspended for
its introduction, and without a discussion of its
11 provisions, or an understanding of its effect by the
House, the unfair course was pursued of calling
for the previous question. The call, however,
was not sustained. This measure, which should,
on every principle, go, for thorough examina-
tion, to the Committee of the Whole, was en- i
tleavored to be pressed through without expla- !
| nation or discussion under the operation of that
| odious and tyrannical proposition. What will be j
the effect of this bill, reported from the Committee |
°? i u an"8' under a suspension of the rules i
of the House, on motion by the gentleman from
n i"3' Davis,] if passed by Congress? It [
will be to transfer the money received from the |
sales of public lands in Indiana and other land
•States of the Union—never asked for, nevergrant- ;
r u never intended to be granted by the terms
of the swamp land act, amounting to some $50,000
°r $60,000 in Indiana alone, we are told, but how '
much precisely we know not—from the Treasury i
of the United States to the treasuries of those
States. On what equitable principle is the meas-
i ure founded? Was it not enough that, without
consideration, we granted the overflowed lands to
them? My friend from Louisiana says that in
18:28 the lands on the Mississippi were overflowed.
Why, sir, the very best lands in New England
are annually overflowed.
Mr. MOORE, of Louisiana. There is part of
the bill that does not meet with my approbation.
I allude to that part where the land may have been
granted under the swamp land grant, and again in
a grant for railroads, which would allow the State
scrip in both cases. That would be unfair. In
other respects I approve of the bill, because I be-
lieve that it will prevent many lawsuits and diffi-
culties.
JVIr. CLEVELAND. I will say here a word
with reference to these lawsuits. It is a bugbear
that, I trust, will not frighten the House. In my
judgment, there is not a well-read lawyer in this
country who would get up a lawsuit on such
claims as have been presented to us.
The gentleman has told the House that at one
time the lands in Louisiana bordering on the Mis-
sissippi were overflowed. Why, sir, the lands
along the Connecticut river, decidedly the best for
cultivation in all New England, are almost annu-
ally overflowed, and have been for centuries.
Therefore, that portion of the argument is entitled
to no weight. 1 have not time to read the act
which made this grant to the land States, but every
member will see, by taking the trouble to examine
it, that the intention was to grant only such lands
as were inundated and unfit for cultivation. It is
now proposed, after obtaining a decision from the
Secretary of the Interior that this grant extended
a vast deal further than any court would say it did,
that we shall acknowledge its correctness. It is
desired that we shall now pass an act to legalize
that which never was intended.
Instead of the United States, it is the States who
desire this legislation, that the amount of money
received, as I have already stated, from the sales
of the public lands indicated may be transferred to
their coffers. They are not satisfied with the
$50,000 or $60,000, but the bill goes on to provide
with regard to lands entered by land warrants and
not money:
" And for said State to select other lands, in lieu of any
lands granted, as aforesaid, which have been sold and lo-
cated with bounty land warrants, or other certificates or
scrip, or selected lor railroads, oj other internal improve-
ments.''
Not satisfied with calling on the House to pass
a law that they shall have every dollar of money
received for these lands, they ask for other lands
for those entered by land warrants, or appropria-
ted for railroads, or other internal improvements.
Did the Thirty-first Congress intend to give the
States the moneys received from the sales of lands
j of the United States? Wjll you now give a con-
struction to the swamp land act which will make
the General Government the debtor of the Slates ?
| For lands, too, which we owned, and sold, and
; which they claim we gave them? We have given
, millions and millions of acres of land to blTmade
valuable by draining, but they are not content.
They tell you that you had no right to sell these
lands, and that, if they can get a man in power to
decide these lands may be covered by that grant,
whether the decision is or is not just, they will
petition for the transfer to them of the money re-
ceived. What thankfulness—what gratitude on
the part of the States for this gratuity which, no
doubt, will turn out to be the best lands in the
Union!
It is contended that we should not have sold
lands in these States after the passage of the act,
until after the time provided that a title should
issue for lands granted under the swamp act. The
act granted the lands to the States on certain con-
ditions, but without any consideration. It was a
deed of gift. Congress told the land States to as-
certain what swamp lands were within their lim-
1*s~—tands unfit for cultivation—and to take them
and make them valuable by drainag*. Is not this
a correct statement? Did Congress, by the act
of 1850, intend to grant to the States lands valu-
able to the Government? The preamble and the
e"llre lftw shows the reverse. To guard against
the very construction given, the act provided that
upon the ascertainment of the lands within the
States valueless to the Government and unfit for
