6(8
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 14,
decision he hopes to obtain this additional gratuity,
how did they understand the law, and how treat
it during the time they were receiving this money?
That ought to be an answer to any man—to any
legislator. The Government treated that land as
not belonging to the States, and kept the land I
offices open during the time. I call the attention of j
the House to the very reason given in the first
section of this act, for granting these lands at all.
The gentleman says that where a grant is made for
specific purposes, it is binding, and in the nature
of a contract. What was the object of this grant ?
That is one of the questions that ought to be un-
derstood by the House. Theact says:
"To enable the State of Arkansas to construct the neces-
sary levee* and drams to reclaim the swamp and over-
flowed lands therein, the whole of those swamp and over-
flowed lands made unfit thereby for cultivation, which
shall remain unsold at the passage of tbn act, shall be, and
the same are hereby, granted to said State."
What is the fact? I am informed by a gen-
tleman that the States most deeply interested in
these swamp lands, have run a line from headland
to headland, taking the head of one swamp and
running across to the head of another, so as to
include, as swamp lands, some of the very best
and most fertile—the very Egypt of America, as i
the gentleman calls it. j
Mr. DUNHAM. The gentleman is very much
mistaken.
Mr. CLEVELAND. My authority is the
gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr. Dockery,]
who has seen and knows all about it.
Mr. DUNHAM. The gentleman from North
Carolina is very much mistaken.
Mr. CLEVELAND. I think that the very ex-
istence of this bill shows that he is not. There is
not a gentleman upon this floor, in my judgment,
who can say that one single rood of that land
which has been sold by the Government, and
which they now seek to reclaim, is swamp land.
Mr. DUNHAM. That is an important fact,
and the gentleman is certainly mistaken. I can
speak from my own personal observation, for
there is a large tract of this swamp land within
two miles of my own place of residence, and I
know that much of the land which has been en- j
tered by individuals is swamp land that the gen- ,
tleman could not get across on his horse.
Mr. CLEVELAND. Then what is it taken
for ? I
Mr. DUNHAM. For the timber. i
Mr. CLEVELAND. All for the timber? I
Mr. DUNHAM. For the timber in some in-1
stance, and in some instances, a poor man who is I
not able to take his family further, where he could
enter dry land, perhaps gets ten or fifteen acres of
dry land and the rest in swamp land, and works
out on the neighboring farms by the month. It i
is to protect such men that this bill is intended. !
Mr. CLEVELAND. How many acres of
land did the State of Indiana get under this grant ?
Mr. DUNHAM. I am not prepared to answer
that question at this time, but I know that much
of the land was swamp land.
Mr. CLEVELAND. My western friends are
so fond of talking that they cannot always be i
quiet when they should be. [A laugh.] I call j
the attention of the House to the first section of
the act, which provides that these swamp lands
shall be granted to them for a specific purpose,
and for nothing else. Now, it will be remarked
that during this whole debate, with the exception
of the remarks made by the gentleman from
Louisiana, [Mr. Moore,] and the gentleman who
has just sat down—who has named a little patch
of swamp land near his house, where I suppose
the people go and settle that they may be near
their member of Congress—that there has not
[f.en a s'n8;le gentleman advocating the passage of
this bill who has shown that a single entry has
been made of land that is unfit for cultivation.
It is very convenient now to talk about timber. I
Who believes timber will grow in such lands as
were contemplated by the act of 1850 ? !
Mr. BRENTON. Will thegentleman allow me
to interrupt him for a moment?
Mr. CLEVELAND. No, sir; I cannot.
Mr. BRENTON. I desire to state a fact which
is within my personal knowledge.
Mr. CLEVELAND. I decline to yield the
floor.
Mr. BRENTON. Then the gentleman does not i i
desire information. j
Mr. CLEVELAND. The evident intention of |
Congress at the time that act was passed, was to
give to the States the lands which were overflowed,
and swamp lands. The idea that swamp lands
will grow timber is a new one, at least to me.
j Mr. PEiNN. Will the gentleman allow me to
ask him one question?
j Mr. CLEVELAND. No, sir; I cannot. When
I was interrupted just now by half a dozen gentle-
men, 1 was proceeding to say that when the ques-
tion, which was made by the gentleman from
Michigan, [Mr. Stuart,] is considered fairly, it
will be seen, that by the grant itself, there never
was any intention of granting to these States the
lands for which they now claim money. Sup-
pose his construction of the law is right, and there
should be a contest between the occupants of a
piece of land that has become valuable, and the
Government, in consequence of the passage of this
law, could you deprive him of his title to the land ?
I ask if any act could be presented more prolific of
litigation than the bill wfiich is now attempted to
pass ? There are ind ividuals who have entered lands
I on the lines of railroads which are valuable, and
I they will not give them up. The gentleman from
Michigan says that this bill is to confirm the titles
of purchasers from Government. They need no
such confirmation, for their title is perfect under ex-
isting laws. But, suppose a conflict arises between
the purchaser and the General or State Govern-
ment, is it to be settled by this bill ? If so, it seems
to me that the bill is imperfect. If gentlemen will
turn to the third section of the act of 1850, they
will see that it provides, " that in making out a
' list and plats of the lands aforesaid, all legal sub-
' divisions, the greater part of which is ' waste and
' unfit for cultivation,' should be included in said
' list and plats; but when the greater part of a sub-
' division is not of that character, the whole of it
' shall be excluded therefrom."
The bill under consideration merely aims at two
things—one in substance, but in two forms. The
object is to get from the General Government a
l large amount of money and a grant of lands, and
nothing else. It does not even look to the quiet-
ing of titles. It is simply to give the Governor of
Indiana, and the Governor of every other State
in which are swamp lands, the power to make a
draft upon the Treasury for the amount of money
received from the sale of lands claimed by them
under the erroneous decision of the Secretary of
the Interior since the passage of the act of 1850.
Mr. WALSH. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Connecticut a question or two. He speaks
of this as being agrant without any valuable con-
sideration. Now, I ask him to state whether the
imposition upon these States of the burden of
clearing and draining the lands is not a considera-
l tion that would be sustained in any court of law
as between private individuals? I ask him this
further question, whether the second section of
the act of Congress which has been referred to,
and which the gentleman from Georgia [Mr.
Toombs] and others suppose to have qualified the
grant in the first section, is anything more than
demonstrative of the form of conveyance—that
there shall be a patent, and that that patent shall
be in fee? And whether any lawyer will give the
construction to that section that it can have any
legal effect in qualifying the positive, unqualified
grant contained in the first section ? I should like
the gentleman to answer those questions.
Mr. ORR. If the gentleman from Connecticut
will allow me, I will answer the questions pro-
pounded by thegentleman from Maryland.
Mr. CLEVELAND. I will save the gentle-
man from South Carolina that trouble, for I will
answer them myself. [A laugh.] There was no
obligation imposed upon the States by the passage
of the act of 1850; no State is bound under it to
drain a single foot of that land, nor can they be
called upon to pay a dollar for any such purpose.
There was no obligation created on the part of the
States. We simply said, we will give you the
land because you say you want it for that pur-
pose.
In reply to the gentleman's second question, I
only remark, that a case cannot arise to which it
is applicable, as the act granting swamp lands was
never intended, nor did it convey to the States the
lands for which indemnity is now sought.
Will the honorable gentleman from Maryland
[Mr. Walsh] claim, that because we have granted
to the State of Indiana the swamp lands within
her limits for certain purposes, that, therefore, she
is bound to drain those lands? If that had been
the-understanding, we should never have been
troubled with any bill, for she would never have,
agreed to do it for ten times the amount of lands
granted. I will now yield a moment of my time
to the gentleman from Georgia over the way.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Georgia. I desire to offer
s substitute for the bill.
The SPEAKER. There is a motion pending
to commit the. bill, which precludes amendments,
unless by unanimous consent.
[Cries of "Object!"]
Mr. CLEVELAND. I move, under these cir-
cumstances, that the bill be laid upon the table.
A Member. That is fair play.
Mr. SUTHERLAND. I ask the gentleman
from Connecticut to withdraw his motion.
Mr. STUART. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw it for one moment.
Mr. SUTHERLAND. I do not want more
than ten minutes, and then I will renew the motion.
Mr. CLEVELAND. I cannot withdraw it.
The House can vote it down if they choose. I
ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. Before the question
is put, I should like to have one clause from the
decision of the Secretary of the Interior read.
The SPEAKER. It will be read if there is no
objection.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I object. •
Mr. BOWIE. Has this bill ever been printed?
The SPEAKER. It has not.
A Member. It is a Senate bill, I believe.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Cleve-
land's motion, and it was decided in the affirma-
tive—yeas 116, nays 50; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Charles Allen, Allison, William
Appleton, Averett, Thomas H. Bayly, Barrere, Rartli-tt,
Bennett, Bibighaus, Bocock, Bowie, Bowne,John H. Boyd,
Bragg, Briggs, Brooks,George H. Brown, Burrows, Caskie,
Churchwell, Cleveland, Chngman, Cobb, Colcock, Curtis,
George T. Davis, Dawson, Dimmick, Dockery, Evans,
Fay, Florence, Floyd, Henry M. Fuller, Thomas J. D.
Fuller, Gaylord, Giddings, Goodenow, Goodrich, Grey,
Grow, Harper, IshamG. Harris, Hart, Haws, Hascall, Ha-
ven, Hebard, Hibbard, Holladay, Horsford, Houston, John
W. Howe, fngersoll, Ives, Jackson, Jenkins, Andrew John-
son, James Johnson, Daniel T. Jones, George W. Jones,
J. Glancy Jones, George G. King, Preston King, Kurtz,
Letcher, Little, Mann, McLanahan, MeMulIin, McNair,
McQueen, Meade, Millson, Henry D. Moore, Morehead,
Murray, Newton, Orr, Outlaw, Peaslee, l'erkins, Powell,
Preston, Price, Reed, Robie, Ross, Russell, Sabine, Sack-
ett, Savage, Schermerhorn, Schoolcraft, Origen S. Sey-
mour,Skelton, Stanly, Richard H.Stanton, Abraham P.
Stephens, Alexander II. Stephens, Thaddeus Stevens,
Stone, Stratlon, Sutherland, Thur«ton, Toombs, Venable,
Walbndge, Ward, Washburn, Watkins, Welch, Wells,
Wildriek, and Woodward—116.
NAYS—Messrs. Willis Alien, Bell, Brenton, Albeit G.
Brown, E. Carrington Cabell, Joseph Cable, Lewis D.
Campbell, Conger, Darbv, John G. Davis, Disney, Doty,
Duncan, Dunham, Dur'kee, Eastman, Edgerton,Ficklin,
Fitch, Freeman, Green, Hendricks, Uenn, John Johnson,
Robert W. Johnson, Landry, Loekhart, Miller, Molony,
John Moore, lVabers, Olds, Samuel W. Parker, Penu,
Penninian, Phelps, Porter, Robinson, Scurry, David L.
Seymour, Smith, Benjamin Stanton, St. Martin, Stuart,
Sweetser, Towushend, Walsh, Wilcox, Williams, and
Yates—50. '
So the bill was laid upon the table.
Mr. STANLY obtained the floor.
Mr. ORR. I rise to a privileged question. I
move to reconsider the vote just taken, and to lay
the motion to reconsider upon the table.
Mr. FICKL1N. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. STANLY. I believe I have the floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from North
Carolina will state the object for which he rose.
Mr. STANLY. My object is to move to sus-
pend the rules, to take up from the Speaker's table
Senate bill No. 513, for the relief of a man who
was formerly in the Navy.
The SPEAKER. A motion is made that the
House do now adjourn.
Mr. STANLY. Well, I suppose my motion
is entered.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I was not here
when the House met this morning, and I wish to
inquire of the Chair if a motion has been made
that when the House adjourns, it adjourn to meet
to-morrow ?
The SPEAKER. The House has rescinded
the order for evening sessions, and fixed the hour
of meeting at eleven o'clock.
The question was then taken on Mr. Ficklin's
motion, and it was decided in the negative.
So the House refused to adjourn.
