1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
619
The SPEAKER. The propositions made by
the gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Orr]
and the gentleman from North Carolina [Mr.
Stanlt] are equally privileged. But before the
motion of the gentleman from North Carolina was
submitted, the privileged motion to reconsider was
made, and in all such cases the question on the
motion to reconsider is taken, ifinsisted on, at the
time.
Mr. STANLY. Well, sir, I yield.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I ask for the yeas
and nays on the motion of the gentleman from
South Carolina.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I hope this
matter will be permitted to lie over.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. 'ST. MARTIN. I rise to a privileged
quesiion. I move that this House do now ad-
journ.
Mr. FICKLIN. I demand the yeas and nays
on the motion to adjourn.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was then taken on Mr. St. Mar-
tin's motion, and it was decided in the negative.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question was then taken on Mr. Orr's
motion, and it was decided in the affirmative—
yeas 115, nays 54; as follows:
YE \S—Messrs. diaries Allen, Allison, William Apple-
ton, David J. Bailey, Thomas H. Bayly, Barrere, Bartiett,
Beale, Bennett, Bibighaus, Bocock, Bowie, Bowne, John
H. Boyd, Bragg, Bnggs, Brooks, Burrows, Caskie, Church-
well, Clark, Cleveland, Cobb, Colcock, Cullom, Curtis,
Dawson, Dean, Dimmiek, Dockery, Evans, Fay, Flor-
ence, Floyd, Henry M. Fuller, Thomas i. D. Fuller, Gid-
dings, Gilmore, Goodenew, Grey, Grow, Harper, Isbam
G. Harris, Hart, Haws, Hascall, Haven, Hebard, Hibbard,
Holladay, Horsford, Houston, John W. Howe, Thomas
M. Howe, Ingersoll, Ives, Jackson, Jenkins, Andrew
Johnson, James Johnson, Daniel t. Jones, George yv.
Jones, J. Glaney Jones, George G. King, Preston King,
Kurtz, Letcher, Little, Mann, Martin, McLanahan, Mc-
Mullin, McNair, McQueen, Meade, Millson, Morehead,
Murray, Newton, Orr, Outlaw, Peaslee, Perkins, Powell,
Preston, Price, Reed, Robie, Ross, Sabine, Sackett, Sav-
age, Schermerliorn, Schoolcraft, Schoonmaker, David L.
Seymour, Origen S. Seymour, Skelton, Stanly, Abraham
P. Stephens, Alexander H. Stephens, Thaddeus Stevens,
Stone, Stratton, Taylor, Thurston, Toombs, Venable,
Walbridge, Washburn, Watkins, Welch, Wells, Wildnck,
and Woodward—115.
NAYS—Messrs. Willis Allen, Bell, Brenton, Albert G.
Brown, E. Carrington Cabell, Joseph Cable, Lewis D.
Campbell, Conger, Darby, John G. Davis, Disney, Doty,
Duucan, Dunham, Durkee, Eastman, Edgerton, Fick-
lin, Fitcli, Freeman, Gaylord, Green, Hall. Hendricks,
Henn, Thomas Y. How, John Johnson, Robert W. John-
Bon, Landry, Miller, Molony, John Moore, Nabers, Sam-
uel W. Parker, Penn, Penniman, Phelps, Porter, Richard-
son, Robinson, Scurry, Smith, Benjamin Stanton, St.
Martin, Stuart, Sutherland, Sweetser, Townshend, Walsh,
Ward, Alexander White, Wilcox, Williams, and Yates—
54.
So the motion to reconsider was laid on the table,
and the bill was laid on the table.
joseph morehead.
Mr. STANLY. I now call up my motion to
■uspend the rules, for the purpose of taking up
Senate bill (No. 513) for the relief of Joseph More-
head; and if I can make a single statement I think
there will be no objection.
There was no objection; and the bill was ac-
cordingly taken up, and read a first and second
time by its title, and ordered to a third reading.
It was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BOCOCK obtained the floor
rosanna sowards.
Mr. POLK. I submit to the Chair, whether
the motion to reconsider the vote by which the
bill for the relief of Rosanna Sowards was ordered
to a second reading, is not the first business in
order; and whether the motion to call it up is not
a privileged motion? I
The SPEAKER. The motion to reconsider is
a privileged one, and may be called up at any time.
Mr. POLK. Then I call up the motion now.
The SPEAKER. The question is upon recon-
sidering the vote by which the bill was ordered to
a second reading.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I hope the vote
will be reconsidered. That will bring the bill be-
fore the House, and we can then go on and pass
it.
Mr. ORR. Is that motion debatable.-'
The SPEAKER. According to the decision of
the Chair that it would be in order to debate the
motion to reject the bill on its second reading, the
Chair thinks this motion is debatable.
Mr. ORR. I know nothing of the bill, except
that there was some objection to its passage on
Monday last.
Mr. STEPHENS. If the gentleman will allow
me, 1 can explain it in a half dozen words.
Mr. ORR. I should be very glad to hear an
explanation.
Mr. STEPHENS. The lady for whose bene-
fit this bill is designed, resided in the Slate of
Kentucky. Her son, under legal age, was pressed
into the service. She was very much opposed to
it, for he was her only support. He fell in the
battle of Monterey, and she is left utterly destitute
and helpless, and the bill is to grant her a pension.
The question was then taken, and the motion
11 to reconsider was agreed to.
|' The question then recurred upon ordering the
bill to a second reading; and, there being no objec-
tion, it was read a second time by its title.
The bill was then ordered to a third reading.
Mr. MILLSON. Were not the yeas and nays
ordered on the passage of that bill last Monday?
The SPEAKER. They were not ordered, ac-
cording to the recollection of the Chair.
Mr. MILLSON. My impression was that they
were ordered.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. That is my recol-
lection, too.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Virginia demand the yeas and nays?
Mr. MILLSON. No, sir; I do not demand
them; but my impression still is that they were
ordered on last Monday.
Mr. STUART. It would not have been pos-
sible to have ordered them on the passage of the
bill on last Monday, because the bill had only
reached its second reading.
The bill was then read the third time and
military services upon any vacant lands of the United States
subject to private entry.
Also, tile memorial of Elizabeth McCasn, widow of
Patrick McCami, praying for a pension.
By Mr. HEBARD: A resolution of the Legislature of
the State of Vermont, in favor of the bill making a grant
of lands to aid in the construction of railro;uls, and for
other purposes," which passed tins House at the last ses-
sion.
Also, a resolution of the same Legislature, recommend-
ing the settling of national difficulties by referring the same
to an umpire.
reorganization of the navy.
Mr. BOCOCK! If I am now entitled to the
floor, I ask the unanimous consent of the House
to take up Senate bill No. 574, entitled " An act
to reorganize the Navy of the United States," not
with a view of considering it at the present time,
but with a view of placing it in a position where
it shall receive the consideration of the House
some time during the present session; in other
words, with the view of making it the special or-
der for some particular day, perhaps on Friday
next, if it is the pleasure of the House.
A Member. I object.
Mr. BOCOCK. I move to suspend the rules.
Mr. STEPHENS. Will the gentleman allow
me, for a moment, to ask the consent of the House
to take up and pass a bill to which, I suppose,
there will be no objection in this House ?
Mr. BOCOCK. I have not the slightest objec-
tion, if it will not cut off my motion frofn being
made.
Mr. STEPHENS. I will not press the matter
if there is objection.
Mr. JENKINS. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The question was put, and upon a division there
were—ayes 56, noes 73.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Harris, of
Alabama, and Cungmav were appointed.
The question was again put, and the tellers re-
i ported—ayes 66, noes 54.
| So the motion was agreed to, and the House
[ thereupon adjourned till to-morrow at eleven
] o'clock, a. m.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions, memorials, &c., were presented
j ] under the rule, and referred to the appropriate committees :
By Mr. DUNCAN: The petitions of Rufus Choate and
others, Robert C. Winthrop and others, N. Appleton and
I others, praying Congress to take measures to secure to
| American citizens in foreign countries the same enjoyment
| of the rights of conscience and of public worship which is
secured to foreigners residing in the United States.
I By Mr. HAWS : The memorial of Robert W. Jenks, of
I; the city of New York, setting forth that he has invented
| and perfected a new art, called by him the " Brachial Tele-
II graph," and praying a subscription for tlie book published
by him on the subject, for the use in the public service in
the Navy.
By Mr. PARKER, of Pennsylvania: The memorial of
S. Van Fries and 50 others, citizens of Centre county,
Pennsylvania, praying Congress to repeal or modify the
first and eleventh sections of the act of Congress approved
the 3d of March, 1825, entitled " An act for establishing and
regulating the Post Office Department."
By Mr. MASON: The memorial of Carter H. Jacobs,
praving Congress to pass a law authorizing him to locate a
certain land warrant heretofore granted to bis father for
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, February 15, 1853.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. C. M. Butler.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of the Interior,com-
municating,in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate, a report from Commissioner Bartiett on
the subject of the boundary line between the Uni-
ted States and Mexico; which was referred to the
Select Committee appointed on the subject, and
ordered to be printed. A motion by Mr. Clarke
to print two thousand extra copies was referred to
the Committee on Printing.
The PRESIDENT also laid before the Senates
report of the Secretary of War, communicating,
in compliance with a resolution of the Senate, the
report of an expedition down the Zuni and Colo-
rado rivers by Captain Sitgreaves; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
petitions, etc.
Mr. DAVIS presented three petitions of citizens
of Boston, praying that measures may be taken
to secure to American citizens abroad the rights of
conscience and of public worship; which were re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. MORTON. I beg leave to present the
memorial of Dudley Walker, a purser in the Uni-
ted States Navy, wtio represents that he has been
for many years stationed at the Pensacola navy-
yard, where, in addition to his duties as purser,
he has been called upon by the Government to
j discharge the duties of navy agent, which ha3
i! subjected him to great expense and inattention to
!, his duties as purser of the yard. In the settlement
I of his accounts by the accounting officers of the
] Treasury, no allowance has been made to him for
clerk hire, as the acting naval agent,foroffice rent,
or anything'of the kind; and he asks Congress to
afford him that relief to which he is in justice en-
titled. I move the reference of the memorial to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
11 was so referred.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, presented seven petitions
of citizens of Iowa, praying the establishment of
a mail route from Prairie du Chien to Moneek;
which was referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Mr. HAMLIN presented a petition of citizens
of Waterville, Maine, praying that measures may
be taken to secure to American citizens abroad the
blessings of religious liberty; which was referred
, to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
| Also, two petitions of citizens of Maine who
have been in' the military service of the United
States, praying a modification of the bounty land
! law; which were referred to the Committee on
! Public Lands.
Mr. CASS presented a petition of residents of
the State of New York, praying that Congress
will take measures to secure to American citizens
| residing or traveling in foreign countries, protec-
l, tion in the exercise of the rights of conscience and
of public worship; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. PHELPS presented a joint resolution of
; the Legislature of the State of Vermont, instruct-
i i ing the Senators and requesting the Representa-
, tives from that State to oppose the adoption of any
i measure of partiality in commercial intercourse
with any foreign nation or province, and protest-
ing especially against the proposed measure of re-
ciprocal trade with Canada, considering that the
! effect of such measure would be injurious to Amer-
! ican products, and particularly to the agricultural
interest of the United States. The resolution was
! referred to the Committee on Finance, and ordered
! to be printed.
i1 Also, joint resolutions of the Legislature of Ver-
'j mont, instructing the Senators and requesting the
| Representatives from that State to use their influ-
II ence for the passage of a bill similar to that passed
