620
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 15,
by the House of Representatives at the last session,
granting lands to aid in the construction of rail-
roads, and for other purposes, commonly known |
as Bennett's land bill; which were referred to the
Committee on Public Lands, and ordered to be
printed.
Also, a joint resolution of the Legislature of
Vermont, instructing the Senators and requesting
the Representatives from that State to use their in-
fluence to secure provisions in treaties of this Gov-
ernment with other nations, for referring to the
decision of umpires all future misunderstandings
between this Government and other nations, which
cannot be adjusted by amieablenegotiation; which
was ordered to lie on the table and be printed.
Mr. DAWSON presented the memorial of the
agent of the State of Georgia, asking provision by
law for the final adjustment of the claims of the
State for military services in the suppression of
Indian hostilities; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
PAPER WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. BRADBURY, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Thomas Dyer and others,
praying to he indemnified for lo«>8es sustained by the de-
struction of the United States ship Adams, during the late
war, on the file* of the Senate, be referred to the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. GWIN, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to which was referred the letter of the
Secretary of the Navy, communicating the report
of Lieutenant Hemdon and Lieutenant Gibbon,
reported the following resolution:
Resolved, That there be printed for the use of the Senate,
ten thousand extra copies of the first part of the report of
the exploration of the valley of the Amazon and its tribu-
taries, made liyLieutenant WilliamL. Hemdon inconnec-
tion with Lieutenant Lardner Gibbon, under instructions
from the Navy Department; and also the same number of
copies of the remaining portion of the report which may
hereafter be furnished, together with the maps, charts, and
sketches illustrating the subjects treated of in said report.
He also, from the Committee on Finance, to
which was referred the bill from the House of
Representatives for the relief of S. Alorris Wain,
reported it without amendment.
Mr. BORLAND, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to which was referred the joint resolution
from the House of Representatives, providing for
the printing and binding of the return <if the Sev-
enth Census, and also a Senate resolution directing
that committee to take into consideration the best
means of providing for that object, reported back
the joint resolution with sundry amendments.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, from the Committee on
Pensions, to which was recommitted the bill from
the House of Representatives for the relief of B.
B. Bennett, reported it back without amendment.
CONTINUANCE OF CAUSES.
Mr. BADGER. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary to report a bill to prevent,
in certain cases, a failure or delay of justice in the
courts of the District of Columbia, which I ask
the Senate to consider at this time. I will explain
in a few words the purpose which it is intended
to answer, and the reason for reporting it. I no-
ticed the other day, in an account of proceedings
of the criminal court of this District, that the at-
torney of the United States asked the court to ap-
point a day for taking up the prosecution in refer-
ence to the Gardiner claim. The judge said he
would appoint a day, but he advised the counsel
that, under the law as it now stands, if the case
should continue until the first Monday in March,
which by law is appointed for the next term of
the court, he should feel himself bound to dis-
charge the jury, and would have no authority to
go on and finish the trial, but would have to begin
at the new term <U novo. It very often happens,
or at least it is very likely to happen in prosecu-
tions in this District, that such cases will occur,
and certainly it would be a very great grievance
if such an event should happen." The object of
this bill is to require the court, under such circum-
stances, to go on and finish the trial. I hope there
will be no objection to considering the bill at this
time.
The bill was read a first and second time by
unanimous consent, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
It proposes to enact that where, at any term of
the circuit or criminal court of the District of Co-
lumbia, a jury shall be empanneled to try any
cause, or any issue or issues joined in any cause, |
and it shall happen that no verdict shall be found, ;
nor the jury shall be otherwise discharged before
the day appointed by law for the commencement i;
of the next term of the court, the court shall and ji
may proceed with the trial by the same jury, in
every respect, as if the succeeding term had not
commenced; and all subsequent proceedings to
final judgment, if such judgment shall berendered,
shall have legal effect and operation as of the term
at which the jury shall have been empanneled,
any law or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
THE FLORIDA FISHERIES.
Mr. MALLORY submitted the following reso-
lution for consideration; which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the President be requested to communi-
cate to the Senate, if consistent with the public interests,
copies of the applications made in 1831 or!832, and 1844or
1845, to the Government of the United States by the British
Minister for permission to the British Bahamians to fis-h
i on the coasts and in the waters of Florida, or in 1847,
claiming the right for the colored emancipees of the Baha-
I mas, or British West Indies, if of the company or crew of
; a British vessel, to come within the waters and jurisdiction
of the Stale of Florida; and also copies of the letters from
i the Executive of Flonda in 1844 or 1845, or of part of the
delegation from that State in 1847 to the Secretary of State,
i remonstrating against the same being acceded to, and like
wise copies of the answers of the Secretary of State to the
applications and claim, and copies of any other pipers in
the State Department touching said subjects that he may
1 deem proper to communicate to the Senate.
THE HOMESTEAD BILL.
Mr. ADAMS. I beg leave to give notice to the
Senate, that I shall ask them on Thursday next,
during the morning hour, to allow me half an
hour upon the homestead bill.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, an-
nouncing that it had passed the following bills
from the Senate:
An act for the relief of Rosanna Sowards; and
An act for the relief of Joseph Morehead.
A subsequent message announced that it had
passed the following bills from the Senate:
An act amendatory of existing laws relative to
the half dollar, quarter dollar, dime, and half
dime.
An act to prevent, in certain cases, a failure or
delay of justice in the courts of the District of I
Columbia.
Also, that the House of Representatives had d is-!
agreed to the first and fourth amendments of the
Senate to the bill from the House to prevent
frauds upon the Treasury of the United States,
and had agreed to the residue of the amendments
of the Senate to that bill.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the bill from the House
of Representatives, " to supply deficiencies in the
appropriations for the service of the fiscal year
ending the30th June, 1853;"the pending question
being on the amendment of Mr. Gwin, as modi-
fied, to add the following as an additional section:
Sec. —. Jind be it further enacted. That the sum of
$300,000 be paid to the State of California, out of any mon-
eys in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to be applied
i to the expenses of the State government prior to the admis-
sion of California into the Union as a State.
Mr. WALKER. Mr. President, I rose yester-
day for the purpose of submitiing some remarks
upon this subject, but as the probability is that the
points to which I then intended to allude, have
almost passed out of the memory of the Senate, I
shall not make the remarks which I then intended
to submit. 1 wish, however, simply to say that
it does occur to me that whatever wfe may ulti-
: mately do with this civil fund; whatever propor-
tion of it we may grant or allow to California, now
is not the proper time to do it. There are two
I prominent reasons why this is not the proper
J time. The first is, that an act has already been
i passed at this session by both Houses of Con-
gress, by which the fund is to be put in a course
of settlement between the Government and General
Riley, who was the principal collector of it. By
that act, it is provided that certain expenses in-
curred in the formation of the State government of
California shall be paid, and paid out of that fund;
and it further provides that General Riley shall be
allowed out of it certain compensation for collect-
ing it. My information is—and I think the result
will prove it—that when that is done, there will,
in reality, be nothing of this fund left. My opin-
ion is, that we should wait for that settlement, to
see what amount goes to California under it, and
we should wait to see to what extent the fund will
be exhausted by that settlement.
The second prominent fact to which I wish to
call the attention of the Senate, is this: That the
officers, or some of the officers who collected this
fund, have been sued in the courts of California
by those who paid the money, for the purpose of
recovering back the sums which they paid. If
these suits go against the officers who collected the
revenue, and in favor of those who paid, I appre-
hend there is no one in the Senate who doubts that
the Government will have to make good those
officers against any judgment rendered, or any
amount recovered against them. In that event,
we shall not only have paid the money in defray-
ing the expenses incurred in the formation of the
State government of California, but if we pass
this amendment, we shall have paid it to Califor-
nia by way of State outfit, and we shall have paid
it the third time by remunerating the collecting
officers for the amounts which they may have lost
under the judgment.
In view of these two prominent facts, it seems
to me that it would be better for us to delay final
action on the subject until some future day. I
have no doubt that ultimately this sum will be ap-
propriated to California. 1 do not speak now of
the justice or injustice of it; but I am inclined to
the opinion that ultimately it ought to be appro-
priated to her. Certainly we are now acting in
the dark in regard to what we shall do, or what
we are doing for California, and it can make but
little difference to her whether the amount be ap-
propriated now, or she wait until we get all the
data; and then we can appropriate whatever may
be necessary.
Mr. GWIN. This amendment does not refer
to the civil fund at all. The question of the State
claim to that fund is not before the Senate, nor was
it intended to be by the amendment. It is not pro-
posed that this payment should be made out of the
civil fund; and so the Senator from Maryland, [Mr.
Pearce,] who originally reported the bill giving
this amount to California, stated distinctly yester-
day. He said he would not, by proposing this
i payment from that fund, recognize theright of the
I State of California to any portion of it. This
amendment proposes an appropriation out of the
Treasury of the United States, for what purpose ?
Towards defraying the expenses of the State gov-
ernment of California from the time it went into
operation until the admission of the State into the
Union. It is not a question in regard to the civil
fund at all. The proposition to give that fund to
California was rejected by the Committee on Fi-
nance when I brought it before them, and in lieu
of giving us the civil fund, or any part of it, they
proposed, in the bill reported by the Senator from
Maryland, which passed the Senate at the last
session, the section which I have now offered as
an amendment to this bill. It does not touch the
question of the proper direction of the civil fund.
1 have not intended to bring that question before
the Senate by this amendment; but it carries out
the determination of the Finance Committee when
they rejected theclaim of the State to thecivil fund.
I repeat, they rejected that application, and brought
in a bill granting this amount of money to Califor-
nia out of the Treasury, and not out of the civil
fund.
In regard to the settlement of General Riley's
accounts, which has been referred to by the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin, I would say, that the bill
which passed the Senate for that purpose, and to
which he alluded, provided for the defense of suits
that have been brought by the merchants for this
civil fund. Let me repeat to the Senate, once for
all, that whenever our application to pay the civil
fund to California shall come up, and receive the
favorable consideration of the Senate, I shall be
perfectly willing that any Senator may put in a
proviso that we shall defend those suits. If you
give us the fund, we will take care of those mer-
chants, and will guaranty that they shall never
come upon the United States; and we do not want
one dollar, except upon that condition. Gentle-
men seem to forget that it is not the merchants,
but the consumers, the people of California, who
finally paid these duties. But, as I said before,
