1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
621
this amendment has no reference to the civil fund,
and 1 wish the Senate to understand that.
Mr. BORLAND. I called far the yeas and
nays yesterday on this amendment, under the im- 1
pressi'on that it was reported from the Committee
on Finance. I learn, however, that a majority of
that committee are unfavorable to it, and I there-
fore nsk the Cliair if, umler the rule, this amend-
ment can be offered? It is a proposition, aa the
Senator from California himself says, to pay di-
rectly out of the Treasury of the United States .
$300,000 to the State of California, and as I un-
derstand the rule, this provision is excluded unless
it be reported by a committee, or be in pursuance
of an estimate from the head of some of the De-
partments.
Mr. WA LKER. Before the Chair decides this
question I wish to say, that if the proposed ap-
propriation is not out of the civil fund, I cannot
see for my life upon what principle it can be paid.
It seems to me a clear unfounded gratuity, to be
paid to California without anything on which to
base it, without any principle from which it is to
be derived, except, I suppose, this, that as Cali-
fornia had not the usual appropriations made to
her during the time of her territorial probation, or
pupilage, as it has been termed, she now, in her
State capacity, is entitled to what she would have
received if she had gone through the same course
as the other Territories. I am sorry that I must
say, sir, that I regret that all the principles which
the Senate have heretofore looked to will be over-
looked and abandoned, if we make this appropri-
ation to California. I cannot see how any one
here can feel justified in voting for it. I cannot
see on what ground we can be asked to vote for
it. The Senator from North Carolina, [Mr. Bad-
ger,] who yesterday suggested the modification of
the amendment in the form in which it now is, I
do not now see in his seat; and I do not remem-
ber upon what ground he placed it, or whether he
really laid down for us any principle on which we
could make the appropriation.
Mr. G WIN. 1 submit the question whether it
ia not too late to raise the point of order? We
have debated the question for a day and a half,
and this is not a private claim. I submit that it
does not come within the rule, and that it is too
late to raise the question of order.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair is of the opin-
ion that it is not too late to raise the question of
order, and that the point can be raised at any time
before a decision. The only question under the
rule is, whether this be one of the appropriation
bills contemplated by it. The only point of doubt
in the mind of the Chair is, whether the deficiency
bill is a general appropriation bill within the mean-
ing of the rule. The rule will be read.
The Secretary accordingly read the rule, as
follows:
"30. No amendment proposing additional appropriations
shall be received to any general appropriation bill, unless it
be made to carry out the provisions of some existing law,
or some act or resolution previously passed by the Senate
during that session, or moved by direction of a standing !
commiltee of the Senate, or in pursuance of an estimate j
from the bead of some of the Departments; and no amend- ,
ment shall be received, whose object is to provide for a pri- '
vate claim, although the same may have been previously i
sanctioned by the Senate." |
Mr. GWIN. This proposition passed the Sen- |
ate at the last session, in a separate bill. Whether
it be excluded or not now, I do not intend to say 1
another word on the subject. I wish it to be un- j
derstood, that the State of California is not here j
begging or asking for anything. If the rule ex- j
eludes it, 1 have nothing to say. I shall not say j
Mother word on the subject. J
Mr. HUNTER. This is an appropriation bill,
and I think it is a general appropriation bill; but
still the amendment is not excluded by the rule,
for a reason which the Senator from Arkansas has j
not touched This subject has been voted upon by 1
the Senate in a bill which they have sent down to
the House, and which has not been acted upon
there. The amendment is therefore not out of
order, but I myself shall vote against it.
Mr. BORLAND. I presume it is not in order
to discuss the question of order, but I would sug-
gest to the Senator from Virginia that the objection
he raises does not apply here. The rule allows
amendments for additional appropriations to
carry out the provisions of some existing law.
There is no existing law authorizing this, because
the appropriation to which he alludes, as passed
by the Senate, has not been adopted by the House.
That bill has not passed- the two Houses, and
consequently there is no law which this amend-
ment is to carry out. There has only been action
of one House on the subject.
Mr. HUNTER. The words of the rule are
these:
" No amendment proposing additional appropriations shall
be received to any general appropriation bill, unless it be
made to carry out the provisions of some existing law, or
some act or resolution previously passed by the Senate."
The rule was designed to allow such an amend-
ment as this, where the opinion of the Senate had
been taken, and had been favorably expressed upon
the provision, as is the case in regard to this
amendment, because it is a feature in a bill which
we have already passed, but which has not been
acted upon by the House.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair is of the opin-
ion that under that state of facts, the amendment
is in order, and he will therefore put the question
upon it.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 21, nays 20; as follows: |
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Atchinson, Bell, Bradbury,
Brodhead, Cass, Chase, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of
Iowa, Douglas, Felch, Gwin, Houston, Jones of Iowa,
Mallory,Pettit, Rusk, Seward, SouM, Wade, and W'eller—
■21.
NAYS—Messrs. Borland, Bright, Brooke, Butler, Clarke,
Davis, Dawson, De Saussure, Fish, Fitzpatrick, Foot,
Geyer, Hamlin, Hunter, Jones of Tennessee, Morton,
Phelps, Smith, Spruance, and Toucey—20.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Commerce to offer the following amend-
ment:
" For salary to the Commissioner at the Sandwich Islands,
from the 7ih of June, 1830, to July 1st, 1853, and to make the
same equal to the sum now provided for by law, $4,414."
Mr. President, the salary of the Commissioner
at the Sandwich Islands was originally $3,000 per
annum. I think there have been three Commis-
i sioners there at different periods of time, and all
! of them have received, by special legislation, addi-
tional appropriations of $3,000, except the present
incumbent, making their salaries equal to $6,000
, per annum. At the last session of Congress, the
1 salary was raised from $3,000 to $5,000, and that
provision wasmadeprospective,leaving, therefore,
the present incumbent with a salary of only $3,000
for the last two years. The object of this amend-
ment is to bring up his salary so as to make it
equal to $5,000; it will then be $1,000 less than the
: salary of those who preceded him, and I have the
estimate here from tne Secretary of State cover-
ing this amount. Inasmuch as this Commissioner
will, if this amendment be adopted, receive $1,000
per annum less than those who preceded him, I
apprehend it will meet with no objection. The
Senators from California know very well that the
increased expenses of living in that place render a
salary of $3,000, which might have been adequate
at one period of time, totally inadequate now.
j Mr. GWIN. lean say to the Senate that I am
perfectly confident $3,000 cannot pay the expenses
of the Commissioner at the Sandwich Islands.
When that salary was first established, the prices
of living there were not one fourth what they are
now.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN. I have another amendment
from the Committee on Commerce. It is to insert:
" For payment of salaries of deputy surveyors at Boston,
New York, Philadelphia, Baltimore, and New Orleans,
$2,500, and the salary of said officers shall be $2,000 per
annum, commencing on the 1st day of July, 1852."
Mr. President, at the last session of Congress
an amendment was reported from the Committee
on Commerce to the civil and diplomatic appro-
priation bill, fixing the salary of deputy naval
officers and deputy surveyors at $2,500. It went
to the House, and in the manner in which that
bill was disposed of, it, with all the other amend-
ments, was disagreed to, and the subject was re-
ferred to a committee of conference. The com-
mittee of conference on the part of the House
agreed to make these salaries $2,000; but in en-
rolling the bill the deputy surveyors were by some
mistake left out. The object of this amendment,
therefore, is to make this bill precisely what was
intended by the vote of both the House and the
Senate at the last session of Congress, and to cor-
rect the error which occurred in enrolling the bill.
The amendment was agrefd to.
Mr. RUSK. I am instructed by the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads to offer a
small amendment, to come in after the appropri-
ation for the compensation of clerks in the Post
Office Department. It is to insert:
" For compensation to an assistant day watchman nf the
General Post Office, from the 15th September, 1552, to the
30th of June, 1653, $475.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CHASE. I move to amend the bill by in-
serting the following:
"To enable the President of the United States to con-
tract with Hiram Powers, for the purchase of the statue of
America, designed by him, $JU,000."
I desire to say simply, that this amendment is
offered with the consent of the chairman of the
Committee on Finance, and with the unanimous
sanction of the Committee on the Library; and I
trust it will receive the unanimous assent of
the Senate, especially as we have on a former oc-
casion voted ourunanimous approbation of a sim-
ilar measure which came from the House of Rep-
resentatives, making an appropriation of $50,000
for the erection of an equestrian statue of General
Washington, to be executed by Clark Mills.
Mr. ADAMS. I have no disposition to throw
anything in the way of that amendment; but I
would inquire whether it comes within the rule?
I do not wish to depart from the rule. How that
can be a deficiency I do not understand.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair understood that
it was offered by the direction of a committee. If
so, it comes within the rule.
Mr. CHASE. I do not wish to be misunder-
stood. I stated that the amendment had received
the sanction of every member of the Senate Com-
mittee on the Library. It was not referred for-
mally to that committee, but it received the sanc-
tion of every member, of the Senator from Dela-
ware, [Mr. Bayard,] the Senator from Alabama,
[Mr. Clemens,] and the Senatorfrom Maryland,
| [Mr. Pearce.] I trust, that since this body has
concurred, so promptly and so liberally, in the ap-
propriation of $50,()00 made by the House of Rep-
resentatives for the equestrian statue of Washing-
ton, by Mills, a gentleman who has certainly won
I great and deserved distinction by that admirable
work of his, the equestrian statue of General
Jackson, they will not hesitate to award this small
boon to an artist whose fame is one of the dis-
tinctions of his country. This statue of America
is the chief work of Hiram Powers, whose
very name appeals to the sympathies of every
American, as that of one who has contributed
more to the reputation of his country by his
works of art than almost any other, not to say
than any other. I wish to avoid the use of time,
which i know is precious, otherwise I would read
extracts from the memorial presented here at a
I former session, and the report of the committee
I of the other House, and should dwell more fully
I on the deep interest felt, not merely by the friends
' of the artist, but by the lovers of art, as well as
by many eminent citizens, in the success of this
proposition. I do hope the Senator from Missis-
sippi will withdraw his objection.
Mr. ADAMS. That has nothing to do with
the question of order. I do not wish now to hear
anything with regard to the propriety of making
such an appropriation. The question is, whether,
according to the rule which governs our action,
this amendment is in order?
The PRESIDENT. It is the opinion of the
Chair that it is out of order.
Mr. CHASE. I ask that the amendment may
i be received by unanimous consent. No objection
was made to the other appropriation to which I
have alluded, and I trust no Senator will make
any objection now.
Mr. HUNTER. I would suggest to the hon-
orable Senator from Ohio, that when the civil and
diplomatic bill comes up, he can offer his amend-
ment. No such objection can then be raised.
i Mr. CHASE. I hope there will be none now.
I We may as well act upon it at this time.
1 Mr. HUNTER. If we can get on with it, 1
, have no objection.
I Mr. BADGER. I would ask if there is not an
i appropriation in the bill already of $400,000, to
supply a deficiency in the appropriation for the
extension of the Capitol?
Mr. HUNTER. There is.
! Mr. BADGER. Then I would suggest to the
' Senator from Ohio that he can make his amend-
i ment clearly in order by moving as an amendment
