622
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 15,
to that appropriation, that out of the sum of
4400,000 [he President shall be authorized to apply
$30,001) for the purchase of this statue. Certainly
we have the right to direct what shall be done with
the appropriation which is made in the bill.
Mr. CHASE, it is undoubtedly true that that
amendment could be made, and I should have
offered it in that form had it not been for the sug-
gestion of the chairman of the Committee on Fi-
nance, [Mr. Hunter,] that it was inexpedient to
interfere with the amount appropriated for that
object, and that it would be better to introduce a
separate appropriation. .
Mr. BADGER. That will not hurt it.
The PRESIDENT. By unanimous consent
the amendment may be considered in order.
Mr. ADAMS, I cannot consent to that. This
can be as well offered as an amendment to the
civil and diplomatic appropriation bill.
Mr. BADGER. Why not now?
Mr. ADAMS. I cannot consent to a violation
of the rules.
Mr. CHASE. I will alter the form of the
amendment to meet the objection. I therefore
withdraw the amendment which I submitted, and
submit the following: To insert after the clause
" for the extension of the United States Capitol,
§400,000," the words:
" Of which $30,000 shall he applied, under the direction
of the President, to Ihe purchase of the statue of America
designed b\ Hiram Powers."
Mr. BORLAND. It seems to me that the
phraseology of that amendment is somewhat ob-
jectionable. It makes it obligatory upon the
President to give $30,000. It says that the
$30,000 "shall be applied." Suppose, in an ex-
amination of the work, that the President does not
choose to do it, that he does not think it proper to
purchase the statue?
Mr. BADGER. Make it read " may."
Mr. BORLAND. There are still other objec-
tions to the amendment. I mention that as one
of them. This, it seems to me, is leaping a little
in the dark. No one has a higher admiration for
the genius of Hiram Powers than I have, so far as
I am capable of forming an opinion on the subject
in relation to which he has become celebrated; but
I do not know the merits of this statue, nor do I
think there is any evidence before the Senate in
regard to it, that would justify an obligation being
entered into to purchase it, or satisfy us whether
it will meet the wants or the wishes of the people
when brought to the United States. The Senator
refers to the appropriation of $50,000 made for the
statue of Washington. Why, Mr. President, it
is well known that that appropriation was based
upon the obligation of the Government—upon an
act of Congress passed many years ago—a revo-
lutionary Congress. It was to carry out a great
national object, for the purpose of testifying the
national gratitude to the Father of his Country.
At this late day Congress has acted, and has made
a sufficient appropriation; but it furnishes no pre-
cedent for this amendment. The cases are not
similar. We knew what we wanted. We wanted
a statue of Washington, and we appropriated the
money to purchase one; but in this case there is
an ideal creation by an artist. 1 have no doubt it
will add to his reputation, but really what do we
know about it? Has any Senator seen it? Shall
we, then, in the dark, make an appropriation of
$30,000 to purchase a work of art of which we
know nothing? I think a little more caution in
appropriating the public money would become us.
Mr. GWIN. I hope the Senator from Ohio
will withdraw his amendment, and make it a
question on a general appropriation bill. It is not
a deficiency, and it will lose nothing by being
postponed until we have another bill before us.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope the Senator will agree
to that suggestion.
Mr. ADAMS. 1 desire to suggest a point of
order again. We cannot do indirectly that which
we cannot do directly.
Mr. CHASE. In deference to the suggestion
of the Senators from California and Virginia, to
withdraw the amendment and bring the subject !
up on the civil and diplomatic bill, I withdraw the 1
amendment.
Mr. BRIGHT. I submit the following amend-
ment from the Committee on Finance:
" For balance due Levi Johnson for a site for the marine
bospital at Cleveland, Ohio, $3,396."
The amendment was agreed to.
I Mr. WALKER. I am directed by the Com-
j mittee on Indian Affairs to submit the following
j amendment, for which we have an estimate from
the proper Department:
" For the services of a striker in the shop of the Dela-
ware Indians, from August 1, 18*23, to Augut-t 21,1826, and
for the services of a smith and striker in the shop of the
Senecas and Shawnees of Lcwiston, from the 17th of No-
1 vember, 1833, to the 15th of February, 1837, deducting all
i amounts paid for such service during said period; and for
I the balance due for the service of the Senecas' mill-dam, as
estimated by the proper Department, $2,229."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JAMES. I move to amend the bill by in-
serting in it the following:
"To pay Walter S. Burgess, late district attorney of the
State of Rhode Island, tlie sum of $584 80, being in full
for his services, and money paid out in defending Captain
Simunds, of the brig Casket, by order ol John Y. Ma on,
late Secretary of the Navy."
Mr. HUNTER. That is in pursuance of an
estimate sent to the Committee on Finance, which
is in its possession.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MASON. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations to move to amend the
; bill by inserting in it the following:
' For clerk hire to the legation of the United States at
London, for oue year, $800.
That appropriation is based upon a letter of the
' Secretary of State to the Committee on Foreign
" Relations, showing that it has for many years
heretofore been paid out of the contingent fund of
the legation as a matter of indispensable necessity.
If the Senate desire it, I will ask that that letter
be read.
Several Senators. It is not necessary.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MASON. The same committee has in-
structed me to report the following:
" And that there be paid to Captain Hiram B. Bangs, mas-
ter of the American bark Rienzi, or to his assignee, the
sum of $608, being the amount contracted to be paid to
him by the American Consul at Gibraltar, for transporting
to the United States nineteen prisoners, captured in Cuba
and carried to Spain, who were not American citizens,
subject to any deduction that may be proper for any ad-
vances on account of such transportation Uiat may have
been made to him by said Consul; and that there be allowed
! and paid to Horatio J. Sprague, the Consul aforesaid, the
i sum of $533 34, and interest thereon from the 19th of
April, 1652, being for expenses incurred by him in taking
care of and providing for said prisoners, under the direction
of the American Minister at Madrid; the foregoing respec-
tive sums to be paid out of the appropriation formerly made
for bringing American citizens, prisoners in Spain, to the
United States; and if there be not a sufficiency thereof un-
appropriated, then any additional amount necessary is
hereby appropriated out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated."
I will state to the Senate, in a few words,
the necessity for this amendment. At the last
session there was appropriated the sum of $9,000
to bring home the prisoners who were taken in |
Cuba and carried to Spain; but from the terms of
the appropriation it was inadvertently, I presume,
confined to American citizens. There were fifteen
who were ascertained not to have been naturalized,
although they had taken the preliminary steps by
making a declaration; and the accounting officer
found that the expense in their case could not be
paid out of that appropriation; but they have been
brought home by the direction of the Minister at
Madrid, and this is to pay for that.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GWIN. I am instructed by the Commit-
tee on Finance to offer the following amendment:
" JinA be it fm ther enacted, That, in the settlement of his
accounts, the late collector of the port of San Francisco, in
the State of California, be allowed credit for $5,000 ad-
vanced to John Neely Johnson, for taking the Seventh
Census."
That was an advance made to the census agent,
and he is charged with it, and has to account for
it; but the accounting officers of the Treasury can-
not settle thecollector's accounts unless authorized
by law. The Secretary of the Interior recom-
mends the appropriation, and we have the estimate
from the Department.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BORLAND. I have a few amendments to
offer to the bill. The first is a small one, directed
by the Committee on Military Affairs, to insert in
the bill, after the appropriation for the expenses
of the board of officers of the Military Academy,
the following:
"And that hereafter the salary of the Master of the-
Sword at the Military Academy at West Point Bhall be at
the rate of $1,200 per annum."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BORLAND. I have anotheramendment to
offer, to come in after the appropriation "for the
extension of the United States Capitol,$400,000."
I will state that the amendment is to regulate the
manner in which that money shall be disposed of.
The amendment is to add the following:
Provided, That so much of former appropriations for the
exiension of the Capitol as remains unexpended, and the
appropriation now made, or winch may hereafter be made
for that object, shall be disbursed by the Commissioner of
Public Buildings, under such regulations as the President of
the United Stales may prescribe; said Commissioner's ac-
counts for such disbursements to be audited and paid at the
Treasury in the same manner as the accounts of other civil
officers charged with the disbursements of public money,
and said Commissioner shall report to the President his dis-
bursement and proceedings, in time to be presented to Con-
gress at the commencement ot each annual session, and at
any other time when required.
I do not like to occupy the time of the Senate,
but I think it proper, in offering this amendment,
to say a very few words as to the reason for it.
The public interests generally require that Con-
gress and the public should be put in possession
! of the facts and circumstances which are connected
I with the disbursement of the public money in the
extension of the Capitol heretofore, and which
creates the necessity, if we will guard against
| frauds upon the Treasury hereafter, of providing
for a different mode of disbursement of the public
money. I will here take occasion to say, before
stating these facts and circumstances, that I do
not believe there is any necessity for it, so far as
guarding theTreasury under the incoming Admin-
istration is concerned, because I believe the men
who will be intrusted with that business under
that Administration will see that the money will
be faithfully and honestly expended, even though
no such provision as this were made.
But, sir, I proceed upon a general principle;one
that I contended for when the appropriation of
$500,000 was made, that no matter who may be
intrusted with the expenditure of the public
money, we should provide by law how it shall be
expended. It will be recollected that when the
appropriation of $500,000 was made, I called the
attention of the Senate to the fact that the individ-
ual who was intrusted by law with the disburse-
ment of that money, was an irresponsible person;
that is, he was an officer not known to the Con-
stitution, being created by a law, and by a very
small clause of a law, appointed by the President,
not subject to the approval of the Senate, and that
he upon his simple order drew eut of the Treas-
ury, without vouchers, any sum of money he
chose of the amount appropriated, and his ac-
J counts were subsequently settled.
i My friend from North Carolina [Mr. Badger]
! then told me that I was not properly informed as
to the mode in which the public money was com-
monly disposed of, and that the course then pur-
sued did not deviate from the usual course. I
told him I thought differently. The facts as de-
veloped have shown, not only that I was right on
that point, but that the suggestion I made, if car-
ried out, would have saved to this Government
perhaps nearly one half that which has been ap-
propriated. Sir, I hold in my hand papers, which
are only a part, a very small part, of the immense
mass of testimony which a committee of this body
has before it, and is proceeding to embody in
the form of a report, showing a disregard of the
public interests, and a fraudulent misuse of the
public money to an enormous amount, to an ex-
tent, and in a manner which has never been heard
of before.
Sir, when I called the attention of the Senate to
a state of things which would be likely to happen,
and to what was happening at the time, during
the last session of Congress, what was the conse-
quence? The special organ of this Administration^
the confidential channel through which the Presi-
dent communicates his views to the public, ar-
raigned me before the public, and denounced me
as factious, and as throwing myself before the
mouths of starving men and women, and keeping
from them the food necessary to sustain life. That
was the denunciation by this Administration,
through its responsible organ,the Republic news-
paper, against me, becausS in my place in the
Senate, I contended that we should guard the pub-
lic against the fraud which was going on before us
so plainly that each and every Senator might see
it for himself.
Now, sir, here is the proof; here is the sworn
testimony of the Commissioner of Public Build-
