1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
623
1115s; here is the sworn testimony of a respectable
gentleman in New York—a member of the New
York Legislature, I believe. We have on the
files of the committee testimony piled up, proving
beyond a doubt, that right in our very faces, in
violation of law and every principle of common
honesty, the public money has been embezzled.
Mr. FISH. The gentleman to whom you allude
is not a member of the Legislature of New York.
Mr. BORLAND. The Senator says he is not
a member of the Legislature.
Mr. FISH. He is a highly respectable gentle-
man.
Mr. BORLAND. He is a highly respectable
gentleman, he says. The Commissioner Of Pub-
lic Buildings swears that when he saw the frauds
going on, when the Superintendent of the work
came to him and made a dishonest and fraudulent
proposition for the purpose of making money, he
went immediately to the Architect, who was the
agent of the President, and pointed out to him the
frauds which were going on every day, and told
him how they ought to be prevented, but the Archi-
tect passed them over with perfect indifference,
and gave no attention to them at all.
This may be considered a small matter; but
small ^s some may consider it, it amounts to a
loss to the Government of perhaps over #200,000.
1 will not go into the particulars now, but I state
these facts, which are matters now of record on
the files of the committee, and will be matters of
record as a report from that committee, on testi-
mony which cannot be doubted, of men of the
highest responsibility, and evidence collected from
various quarters, which render the facts on the
subject indisputable.
I have said thus much, because it was neces-
sary to vindicate the course which I pursued a
year ago; for I was then denounced by the organ
of this Administration, and in order that for the
future, at least, we may guard against all similar
practices, and, to someextent, make sure that the
administration of this Government by the officers
charged with the expenditure of the public money,
shall bear upon its face the appearance of common
honesty and decency.
Mr. HUNTER. I am in favor of the amend-
ment of the Senator from Arkansas, and of any
other amendment which will give us additional
security in disbursing the public money. In re-
gard to the mode in which it has been expended
here, I hare no means of knowing. The Select
Committee charged with that subject will doubtless
report In the mean time, however, this is not
the place to enter into that discussion or investi-
gation, although it is perhaps well enough to warn
the Senate, as the Senator from Arkansas has
done, that there is doubt in relation to the mode
in which moneys are applied to this building. I
hope we will take the vote upon his amendment,
and proceed with the bill. I am anxious to dis-
pose of it this morning.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I desire to move an
amendment, for the purpose of making an inquiry
of the honorable chairman of the Committee on
Finance, who is also a member of the Committee
on Public Buildi.igs. I move to strike out the
clause—
" For the completion of the repairs of the Library room
authorised by the act approved March 19,1852, .$20,500."
At the last session we appropriated $75,000 for
this purpose. This appropriation will make
$95,500 for fitting up and repairing one room. I
know nothing against the integrity of the archi-
tect who has this work in charge; but I thought,
when the $75,000 were asked for, that it was a
very large sum to require to fix up one room and
to repair it for the reception of books; and now,
when $20,500 in addition is asked for, I think
there ought to be some explanation of it given to
the Senate. It may be proper that $95,500 should
be appropriated for this purpose, but it d >es seem
to me to be a very large amount.
Mr. HUNTER. It is true that the expendi-
ture for the repair of the Library room is likely to
exceed the estimate originally made by the archi-
tect. We all know that that room was destroyed
by fire. It was impossible to ascertain from a
superficial inspection how far the building had
been injured. In taking down the portions which
were burned, it was found that the injury was
much greater than had been supposed. In addi-
tion to that, it is to be observed—this 1 am told by
| the Architect, and I presume it is so—that this is
the largest room made of iron in the world,and of
| course there would be a greater liability to error
in estimating for a room ot that sort, when the first
experiment was to be made, than there would be
in regard to any otlier. The Architect showed me
the bids for the iron alone, and they ranged from
seventy-odd thousand dollars—nearly the amount
originally appropriated—down to fifty thousand
dollars. He took the lowest bid; and it seems
to have been very well executed. But it was
1 found that, in order to finish this room, it would
j require an additional sum. I believe it passed
through the supervision of the Committee on
Public Buildings in the House of Representatives.
This is the estimate. When completed, the room
will probably be one of the most beautiful in the
world. The Architect designs to finish it in such
a style as may present this new species of archi-
tecture in a more elegant and inviting form; and
surely no man has more interest than the Senator
fromPennsylvaniain the material which is adopted
in the construction of that room. [Laughter.]
Mr. BORLAND. I desire to take this occa-
sion to say a word upon the subject of this Archi-
tect's estimates. I know the argument that the
Senator from Virginia has made to my friend from
Pennsylvania is a very strong one. We have
heard of a great many different kinds of arguments.
There is the argumentum ad liominem, and there are
various other arguments. The argument applied to
the Senator from Pennsylvania, seems to be the
argumentum adferrum. The Senator from Texas
made the same appeal to the Senator from Penn-
sylvania the other day, and the Senator from Vir-
ginia renews it to-day. I am afraid that this
constant striking of my friend from Pennsylvania
with an iron argument, if he is not a man of iron
nerve, will break down his resolution.
But, Mr. President, I desire to avail myself of
the occcasion offered by the proposed amendment,
to say a word with regard to the contracts which
this Architect has been making for the public
works; and I do so for the purpose of supplying
a small omission which I made a few moments
ago. Speaking in regard to this matter of con-
tracts, I will state a single fact which has been
proved before the Committee on Frauds. It will
strike the Senate, I think, as a very extraordinary
• ■ one. The contracts made for the marble to be
used in the construction of the extension of the
Capitol, were very curiously worded. A differ-
ence is made in the pieces of marble containing
thirty cubic feet and over, and those containing
less than thirty cubic feet; and there is a very
extraordinary difference. The Architect pays for
the marble, in pieces of thirty cubic feet and over,
$ 1 98 per cubic foot, and for pieces under thirty
cubic feet in size, sixty-five cents a cubic foot. In
receiving the estimates from the different individuals
who propose to furnish this marble, he received, of i
course, as to the aggregate numberofcubicfeetthat '
would be required in the building. There were
various amounts stated: Mr. Smith, of New York,
to whose high character as a man of integrity the
Senator from New York will beartestimony,came,
at the request of the Architect, and submitted an
j estimate for thirty-five thousand cubic feet. The
Architect told him that he thought it was too little;
j that more would be required, and suggested fifty
' thousand cubic feet as the estimated amount for
the whole. Upon that, Mr. Smith based a propo-
sition to furnish it at a certain price. That was
the largest amount then which the Architect deemed
necessary. He made the contract with others,
estimating for one hundred thousand cubic feet—
more than double what he at first supposed would
be necessary—but it is found that about one half
of this one hundred thousand cubic feet has been
received in pieces over thirty cubic feet in size.
Now, sir, a very simple estimate shows what is
the result, and what we find before our eyes every
day, namely: that at least half, or more than half,
has been furnished in pieces over thirty cubic feet
i in size. With what result? Why, sir, they
bring these pieces here, and at the expense of the
j Government cut them up into small pieces; so
; instead of getting the small pieces which were
j needed, at sixty-five cents per cubic foot, they
pay $1 98 per cubic foot for large pieces, and
orins; them here, and, at an additional expense to
the Government, cut them up in small pieces.
What is the difference? The Commissioner of
Public Buildings states the difference. He makes
an estimate of what came under his own obser-
vation, which he communicated to Mr. Walter,
the Architect, of more than $65,000 paid out, which
ought not to have been paicf. So much for the
contracts and estimates and statements which the
Architect may make. I have no comment to
make upon it. I state this as a fact, proved be-
yond all controversy, which any man can see to
be true by looking at the thir.g as it is passing
every day before our eyes. I leave the Senate to
judge what confidence should be placed in the
statements and estimates of the Architect.
Mr. BROOKE. I do not rise to say anything
about this amendment; but I rise for the purpose
of protesting against any member of any investiga-
ting committee which is now in session, divulgin<*
what has been testified before that committee,
until the report is complete, and published by the
authority of the Senate. The statements, so far
as they have been made, are entirely ex parte.
The investigating committee has the power of ar-
raigning the individuals. brought before it, and
they hear testimony concerning charges that have
been made. The characters of men are involved;
and the simple rule of justice requires that these
charges, and the proof—the ex parte proof—so far
had upon them, should not be divulged to the
world, until the parties implicated and accused
have had an opportunity to defend themselves. I
rise, as I remarked, simply for the purpose of
protesting against any such course of proceeding.
Mr. BORLAND. The Senator from Missis-
sippi protests against my use of these papers.
Has that Senator forgotten that before 1 took
them from the committee-room, I proposed it to
the committee, and received its permission to use
them for this very purpose? I did not take them
to bring them to the Senate without stating the use
which I was going to make of them, which was
rendered necessary because this appropriation was
pending before us.
Mr. BROOKE. I was not aware that the Sen-
ator had the consent of the committee; but if he
had, it makes no difference. I protest against the
principle of the thing, whether he comes with the
permission of the committee or not.
Mr. WALKER. Money is about being ap-
propriated for certain public objects I differ from
the honorable Senator from Mississippi in this.
I believe it to be the duty of that committee, either
by its individuals or in its aggregate, to make
known such general facts to the Senate as may
! put us on our guard in reference to these appro-
priations. Sir, if with the knowledge which we
possess, we should sit quietly by,and see $400,000
Upp ropriated for the extension of the Capitol, and
$20,500 for the Library room, and not make
known that there was danger ahead, and that in-
jury had been sustained by the Government, I
should think that we were derelict in our duty.
I think the Senator from Arkansas has mentioned
nothing more and nothing less than it was his
duty to mention. Why, sir, he did not even skim
the surface of what he might say, but he said
enough, if confidence can be placed in what he
says—and I know no Senator in whom more con-
fidence should be placed—to alarm the Senate, and
make it take care of what it is doing. 1 do not
think there has been any outrage committed upon
the individuals of the Senate, or other members of
the committee, by what the Senator from Arkan-
sas has mentioned.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope that thislineof debate
will not proceed further. It seems to me that it
cannot be well to go further into it, as we are anx-
ious to dispose of the bill this morning. The con-
tracts to which the Senator from Arkansas alludes
are contracts in relation to a subject which has
been passed by—not to the Library room. We are
all anxious to have that room completed, and with-
out this additional appropriation it cannot be done.
We must either vote the money or suspend the
work, and thus postpone, perhaps for another
year, the advantages which we derive from the
Congressional Library. But I suppose that the
Senator from Arkansas is not opposing this addi-
tional appropriation for the Library. He is only
deriving from this an opportunity to expose the
frauds which he discovers in relation to the other
matters. I hope we shall be allowed to take a
vote upon the amendment.
Mr. BORLAND. I did not rise to oppose this
amendment particularly, but simply for the pur-
pose of saying this: The Senator from Pennsyl-
