624
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 15.
vania asked a question with reference to this very
appropriation, and the grounds upon which it is
based. The Senator from Virginia, in explaining
that appropriation afid the grounds upon which it
is given, stated as an authority for the amount re-
quired the estimate of the Architect employed on the
extension of the Capitol. In order to make an
answer to that, and to show how much authority
of that kind can be relied on in determining this
question with regard to the amount of the appro-
priation required, I deemed it my duty to call the
attention of the Senate to the facts which exist, in
order to put the Senate in possession of the means
of judging for themselves. That was my reason.
One word as to that which the Senator from
Mississippi chooses to regard as so very wrong
in the exposures which I have made. Why, sir,
the facts are not only before the committee, but
they are published in the newspapers; at least ru-
mors about the matter are published. In that
state of things, propositions are made to ex-
pend large sums of money. In connection with
that proposition, I, as a member of a committee
charged by the Senate with the performance of
certain duties, have ascertained certain facts, and
when could I more appropriately make those facts
known than when the subject was before us ?
When ought the statement to be made known,
except at the time when it can do some good by
enabling the Senateto legislateintelligently ? The
Senator from Mississippi says 1 have no right to
•peak of these things. I speak of them as making
a report. I have the consent of the committee to
bring these things forward, and to that extent it is
a report. I do it, not only by my own authority,
but by that of the committee. The Senator seems
not to have been aware of the permission of the
committee that this statement should be made, but
certainly he was in the committee room at the time
the permission was given, and I thought that he
also gave his assent. At any rate these are the
facta; and I hold it to be never wrong to expose
frauds committed upon the Government. What-
ever other Senators may think, I not only think
it right at all times when the facts are ascertained
to make them known, but I shall certainly do it
when any subject comes before us which makes
it necessary, in my opinion, to mention them.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Having obtained the in-
formation that I desired, I withdraw the amend-
ment.
Mr. RUSK. I offer the following amendment:
For arrearages of expense* of Indian services in Texas,
$1,015 68.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I am instructed by the
Committee on Indian Affairs to move to amend
the bill by inserting the following:
For payment of the amount due James W. Lane,
upon three several drafts drawn in his favor bv G. U'. Bar-
bour, Indian agent ill California, upon It. Mefree, disburs-
ing agent, for transportation, supplies, and labor furnished
said a^ent upon special contract, while treating with the
Indians ill said State, $3,8:25.
Mr. HUNTER. I should like to have some
explanation of that. I do not understand it.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. The explanation is very
brief. It is for three several amounts due to
James W. Lane in full of three several drafts
which were drawn in his favor by George W.
Barbour, one of our Indian agents in California,
upon the disbursing agent in that State, for trans-
portation, supplies, and labor furnished him while,
as Indian commissioner, he was treating with the
Indians. The drafts were drawn on McKee, the
disbursing agent, and were accepted by him to be
paid when he had funds. They have never been
paid; the acceptances, which are on file, speak for
themselves. I will say, further, that the drafts in
each case specify the particular considerations for
which they weregiven—being for a certain number
of head of beef in one instance, several hundred
barrels of flour in another, and a special contract of
$1,800 for transportation and labor incident to the
commission while upon its journey from one treat-
ing ground to another. That is the only explana-
tion which I have. The documents are all on file,
and speak for themselves. This is not a private
claim. There has been no action on it heretofore,
for the simple reason that the committee, at first,
upon examining it, supposed it was in some way
connected with the claim for eight or nine hun-
dred thousand dollars arising out of the rejected
treaties in California. I am authorized to say,
however, upon examination—and all the members
of the committee concur in it—that it is in no way
connected with that. It is simply a balance due
for three several drafts, for the payment of which
there were no funds in the hands of the disbursing
agent.
; Mr. GWIN. I can state this matter so that it
| will be entirely satisfactory to the chairman of
' the Committee on Finance. This commission
' went out under the authority of the United States,
i under an appropriation made by Congress. They
were in session making treaties, and they had a
contract to be supplied with various articles. Mr.
McKee was the disbursing agent of the commis-
sion. Twenty-five thousand dollars had been ap-
propriated, and they were using that, but it was
expended before they got through making the
treaties. At the next session of Congress $25,000
more was appropriated. In the interval Mr. Mc-
Kee accepted these drafts, to be paid when in
funds; but when he was put in possession of funds
they were not paid. Thisgentleman acted in good
faith in furnishing the provisions and supplies to
i enable the commission to continue in the dis-
charge of their duties. The appropriation was
not applied to discharge this just and honest debt;
| and the amendment should be agreed to, to pay it
j now.
! Mr. BADGER. After the explanation given
by the two Senators, I have no objection at all to
the passage of a bill appropriating for this object,
nor have I any objection personally to its being
inserted in this bill; but that there may be even-
handed justice dealt to all, I desire to ask the
Chair whether it is not a private claim, and
1 whether, as such, it is not excluded by the rule?
The PRESIDENT. The Chair is of the opin-
ion that it is not. It is a deficiency. The appro-
priation passed to make the treaties in California,
fell short this amount.
Mr. BADGER. The amendment does not say
so. It is to pay Lane a certain sum of money.
The PRESIDENT. That is to identify the
transaction.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I move to amend the
bill by inserting the following:
For additional allowance to E. S. Norris, the sum of
$2,260 34, and to George R. Stunz, the sum of $1,958 50,
additional allowance made to them as deputy surveyors
under the surveyor general of Wisconsin and Iowa, and in
accordance with the recommendations and estimates of the
Commissioner of the General Land Office and the Secre
tary of the Iuterior, dated respectively on the 11th and 14th
instant.
Mr. HUNTER. I understand that to be a case
of this sort: These men made a contract, which,
they say, is a losing one. The Secretary of the
Interior, I believe, is of that opinion, and esti-
mates and recommends the payment of the sums
moved by the Senator from Iowa. But it is fair to
state, on the other side, that there are similar claims
before the Committee on Public Lands, over which
the Senator from Michigan [Mr. Felch] presides
with so much vigilance and ability, and it has re-
fused to report in favor of them; and I defer so
much to the judgment of thatcoinmittee, that I am
not disposed to vote for the amendment.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I will ask the Senator
whether estimates have been made by the proper
Department in the cases to which he refers, as in
this case ?
Mr. HUNTER. I have just stated that they
were made by the Secretary of the Interior.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. At the last session of
Congress, and every session since 1 have been
here, precisely similar appropriations have been
made to pay deputy surveyors, and for the simple
reason that thesurveyor general had not the funds
in hands with which to pay them. He had to
promise, them that when the work was done, he
would make an estimate, and recommend it to the
Commisioner of the General Land Office, and
through the Commissioner to the Secretary of the
Interior, to have the appropriation made. In this
case the work has been done by these gentlemen.
They have lost money by it, and the amendment
is to compensate them for what they have done, in
accordance with the understanding between them
and the surveyor general, for the General Govern-
ment.
The PRESIDENT. Does the Senator from
Virginia raise a question of order in regard to the
amendment ?
Mr. HUNTER. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair is of the opin-
ion that the amendment provides for a private
claim, and therefore, under the rule, cannot be
considered.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. It is estimated for.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair is aware of
that; but the rule reads:
" And no amendment shall be re«eived whose object is to
provide for a private claim, although the same may have
been previously sanctioned by the Senate."
Mr. BORLAND. Before a final decision upon
the question of order is made, I would be glad to
make a suggestion. As I undertand the rule, the
private claims which are excluded are those which
are not connected with the public service. The
amendment proposes to carry out a provision of
law. Surveys of the public lands were ordered
by competent, lawful authority, and a compensa-
tion under the law, and by competent authority,
agreed to be paid to the two individuals men-
tioned. The amount of money on hand which had
been appropriated for such purposes was exhaust-
ed, and now the amendment is simply to supply a
deficiency in a former appropriation to carry out
a lawful and proper object, regularly and lawfully
authorized. Therefore I think it is not a private
claim, in the sense intended by the rule.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I hope the Chair will
allow me to send to the Secretary, and have read,
a letter from the Secretary of the Interior, asking
for this appropriation.
The letter was read, as follows:
" Department of the Interior, February 14.
" Sir : I have the honor to transmit herewith a communi-
cation from the Commissioner of the General Land Office,
dated the 11th instant, recommending an appropriation, and
submitting an estimate, for additional compensation to E. S.
Norris and G. R. Stunz. two deputy hlrveyor* in the State
of Wisconsin for work already executed by them. The ad-
ditional allowance recommended is at the rate of three dol-
lars per mile, and amounts in the aggregate to the sum of
$4,218 34. From the character of the surveying done by
these gentlemen, as appears from the inclosed papers, I
doubt not the reasonableness of their present demand, and
recommend, therefore, that the appropriation asked for may
be made."
The PRESIDENT. The Chair is now of the
opinion, that the amendment is not excluded by the
rule.
Mr. PELCH. I desire to say a few words be-
fore the question is taken. It is very well for us
to understand the principle involved in the amend-
ment. I looked at the papers presented in rela-
tion to this case, before the subject came up this
morning, with all the evidence in the case. The
point is simply this: The act of Congress on the
subject of pay to surveyors, authorized the proper
Department to contract for the survey of the land
mentioned in these papers, at a rate not exceeding
five dollars per mile for the survey. The contract
was entered into with these gentlemen for five dol-
lars per mile, the maximum allowed by law, and
the surveys went on. One of them, it seems,
has perfected his survey, and the other has not fin-
ished running his line. The parties come here
now, and say that the amount which they con-
tracted to receive, and which they have received, so
far as they have performed the work, five dollars
per mile, does not give them full compensation;
and that they lost money by the contract. There
are no special reasons set down of any misappre-
hension, misunderstanding, misrepresentation, or
anything of the kind. They allege that the coun-
try was at a distance, and therefore it cost them a
great deal to get there, and that there were diffi-
culties in the survey, requiring the use of the solar
compass instead of the ordinary compass. All the
facts set forth as reasons why the contract was a
bad one, so far as I can understand them, are facts
which were as well known to the parties when they
made the contract as they are at this very day.
In other words, they entered into the contract
knowing all the facts, the position of the country,
the expense of going there, and the condition of
everything; but finding the contract not to be a
good one, they come here and ask Congress to
give them three dollars per mile in addition to
what was agreed upon. It presents this simple
question: Will Congress, when a party has en-
tered into a contract according to law, and it turns
out, or he alleges that it turns out not to be a
good one, revise such a contract and pay enough
more to make up to the party what he may allege
that he has lost? That is the true question.
The Department had formerly a rule of making
up losses in some cases when they occurred in
