THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
3'2d Congress, 1st Session.
WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 16, 1853.
New Series No. 40.
consequence of the parties having entered into a
contract for a less sum than the maximum allowed
by law. In such cases the Department did in their
discretion increase the sum up to the limit of the
maximum allowed by law, five dollars per mile.
But very recently they have changed their rule at
the Department; because every surveyorwho took
a contract for a less sum than the law allowed as
the maximum, would come and ask for an addi- :
tional compensation. They were annoyed by the
rule so that they were obliged to g"ive notice that
every one who made a contract must abide by it.
In accordance with the practice at the Department,
when that rule was applied, parties used to come
here with a recommendation, and get an additional
compensation, generally in accordance with a re-
port in favor of an appropriation. The Commit-
tee on Public Lands have not thought proper to
go back and call in all the contractors, to review
their contracts to see whether they may have lost
money, and are entitled to additional compensa-
tion. If that were done, it would be a wholesale
business, and if we enter upon it we must revise
the whole. That will be the effect of it. In the
cases referred to the Committee on Public Lands,
we thought it better not to allow the additional
compensation. However, if the Senate adopt the
principle of giving the increased pay in this case,
there are several other cases which have been pre-
sented to the committee which should be allowed;
one of George McKee, in Florida, and one of a
Polish gentleman. Those cases present stronger
claims than these now before us. If this principle
be adopted, and we apply the rule in one case, we
should apply it to all cases of a similar character.
Mr. RUSK. I will move to postpone the further
consideration of this bill until to-morrow.
Mr. JONES. I hope not. I hope we may
have a vote on this amendment.
Mr. RUSK. That will be impossible.
Mr. JONES. 1 hope the Senator will allow
this matter to be decided. It will not take five
minutes. I do not believe anybody else will
say anything upon the subject. I only desire to
say, in addition to what the Seriator has said, that
the surveyor general told these surveyors at the
time he employed them—they live in my town,
and I know all about it—that the appropriation
would not allow him to pay them any more, or he
would have agreed at the time-to pay them more;
that he would necessarily have to ask an additional
appropriation to make these allowances to them.
That is the reason why it was not done in the first
instance. The amount appropriated to the sur-
veyor general was not sufficient, and the work
would have been delayed to this time, if he had
not sent the surveyors out with the understanding
that they would be paid when the appropriation
was made, for which he then intended and prom-
ised them he would ask at the then approaching—
the present—session of Congress.
I trust the Senate will agree to these appropri-
ations, as it did at the last session under precisely
similar circumstances, to compensate John Ryan,
another deputy of this same surveyor general,
who had contracted with him to execute a district
of surveying under him under circumstances pre-
cisely similar to those involved in the present in-
stances. I know that the case of Ryan was sub-
mitted—but not formally, on motion in the Senate
through the chairman of the Committee on Fi-
nance—to the Committee on Public Lands, and
that that committee then agfeed to recommend the
same, and so it passed this body, and the other
House too, the like recommendations having been
made then, as now, from the surveyor general,
Commissioner ofthe General Land Office, and Sec-
retary of the Interior. As surveyor general in times
past, I have had to act in such matters, and have
no hesitation in saying now, that the action of
-those who have been consulted in these cases was
judicious and proper.
The Comptroller of the Treasury has the right,
under existing law, or at least his predecessor and
he himself have exercised it, to make the addi-
tional remuneration asked for in these cases, but
to save himself annoyance, he has adopted a rule
40
to refer all to the Department and to Congress for
relief.
If the honorable Senator from Michigan desires"
to obviate the pernicious precedent which the adop-
tion of my amendment will set.^nd to which he
objects, let him so amend the law as to authorize >
the surveyor general for Wisconsin and Iowa to
pay eight dollars per mile, as a maximum, as is |
the case in, I believe, Louisiana and Florida. We
shall not then be troubled with the applications
for relief, but we will soon find that the annual
appropriations for carrying the surveys will have
to be doubled, or very nearly so I know all about
the hardships to which these and other deputy
surveyors are exposed in earning the trifling com-
pensation which is now allowed them for the work
which they execute, in our northwestern region,
for the General Government. The most of the
work done by these deputies—who are gentlemen
of the highest respectability and of scientific at-
tainments—was executed under a system of trian-
gulation—rendered absolutely necessary under the
peculiar circumstances of these cases—a system
similar to that practiced in the Coast Survey, under
the learned Professor Bache, but not costing the
Government one tenth part as much per mile.
Such is also the case with respect to the running of
the southern and northern boundaries of my State,
the execution of which costs the Government a
trifle when compared to the enormous outlay for the
surveys of the northeastern boundary of the Uni-
ted States, and that also between us and Mexico
on the southwest. I can see no reason for this
great distinction between allowances to our people
for service of like character, except that we in the
northwest have become accustomed to have the
reins drawn tightly over us.
Mr. FELCH. I merely wish to say that so
far as the action of the Committee on Public Lands
is concerned, I am sure there has been no instance,
since I have been a member of it, in which it has
recognized the principle.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RUSK. I move to postpone the further
consideration of the bill until to-morrow.
Mr. MASON. If the bill can be gone through
in the course of an hour now, I am willing to con-
tinue at it so far as I am concerned. I shall then
ask the Senate to take up the resolutions concern-
ing the right of way at Tehuantepec, upon which
the Senator from New Hampshire has the floor.
They were postponed until this day.
Mr. RUSK. My object in moving the post-
ponement, was to take up the Pacific railroad bill,
which stands first in the order of business on the
calendar. I have for a long time stood by and
yielded, as a matter of courtesy, to others, for the
purpose of speech-making, until it has become
evident that unless we get some action on it in a
day or two, we shall get none. My object is to
take up that bill; but I am still willing to be for-
bearing, and if the Senate will indulge me by taking
it up and making it the special order for half after
eleven to-morrow, I will agree to it.
Mr. HUNTER. Does the Senator propose to
go on to-day and finish this bill ? I think we can
finish it in half an hour; and I hope the Senate
will proceed with it.
Mr. RUSK. I have no objection to doing that.
1 withdraw my motion.
Mr. BRADBURY. I move to amend the bill
by adding the following:
Sec. —. -Ind le it further enacted, That the proper ac-
counting officer of the Treasury Department be, and he is
hereby, authorized to settle and adjust the accounts of John
O. Mears, as acting purser of the United States brig Dol-
phin, under the appointment of the commander of the
squadron, then on the coast of Africa, and to allow him the
pay of a purser while in the discharge of the duties of that
appointment.
Mr. HUNTER. Is not that a private claim ?
The PRESIDENT. In the opinion of the
Chair, it is.
Mr. BRADBURY. Upon that question, I
would like to be heard. It certainly is no more a
private claim than that which the Senate has just
agreed to. It provides, that a young man, who
j was some years ago called to act as a purser on
the coast of Africa, and who is entitled to no com-
pensation whatever, as the law stands, shall re-
ceive his compensation. I will state further, that
a bill for his relief was approved and recommended
by the Secretary of the Treasury some years ago,
and it has passed the Senate three times. It is
now in the House of Representatives, and there
is no hope of its being reached at this session.
Mr. HUNTER. I understand it is decided to
be a private claim. If so, it is out of order.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will suspend
his opinion on tile question until the Senator from
Maine gets through.
Mr. BRADBURY. It is important that there
should be action upon this question. The captain
of the ship in which the purser sailed is held ac-
countable for all the moneys disposed of by him.
He is ordered upon the expedition to Japan, and
there is a necessity that the accounts should be ad-
justed, as he is about to sail. I find a precedent
in the allowance to Adjutant General Jones. I find
a precedent in an allowance to two men who were
supposed to have sustained a loss under a private
contract. The case is as fully within the rule as
the case just adopted by the Senate, because it has
been recommended by the Secretary o! the Treas-
ury again and again. The individual cannot
settle his accounts, involving many thousand dol-
lars, without some action on the part of Congress;
and an officer who is ordered on an expedition to
a distant region, is responsible for the amount. 1
hope the Senate will consent to receive and adopt
this amendment. t
Mr. HUNTER. I have no doubt the Senator
can find more than one instance in which the
! Senate have departed from the rule. I think the
| Senate has been occasionally mistaken in its de-
cisions. I think the decision of the Chair is right
in this instance, and I hope the Senator will not
persist in offering his amendment, but allow us to
proceed with the bill.
Mr. BRADBURY. I hope the Senate will take
into consideration the situation of the officer, who
is ordered to a distant station, and who will not
return for many years. It is very important to
him that he shall not be held responsible for many
thousand dollars which have not come into his
hands. I hope the matter will be submitted to the
Senate, and that it will agree to the amendment.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair is of the opin-
ion that the amendment upon its face shows a
private claim, and is excluded by the rule.
Mr. BRADBURY. Will the Chair put the
question to the Senate?
Mr. HUNTER. Does the Senator appeal from
the decision of the Chair?
Mr. BRADBURY. I do, if the decision is that
it is not in order. There is such an exigency in
this case that I hope the Chair will indulge me,
and that the amendment may be adopted.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair, under one of
the rules of the Senate, has a right to ask the ad-
vice of the Senate upon any question of order.
The Chair will state that he is of opinion that the
amendment cannot be received under the rule. He
will, however, submit the question to the Senate.
The rule will be read, together with the amend-
ment, that the Senate will understand the question.
The rule is as follows:
"No amendment, proposing additional appropiiations,
shall be received to any general appropriation bill, unless it
be made to carry out the provisions of some existing* law,
or some act or resolution previously passed by the Senate,
during that session, or moved by direction of a standing
committee of the Senate, or in pursuance of an estimate
from the head of some of the Departments ; and no amend-
ment shall be received whose object is to provide for a pri-
vate claim, although the same may have been previously
sanctioned by the Senate."
The amendment was also read.
The PRESIDENT. The question now is, can
the amendment be received under the rule ?
The question was taken, and it was decided in
the negative.
Mr. BORLAND. I move to strike out of the
bill the following clause:
" For the extension of the United States Capitol,
$400,000.
Mr. President, I make this motion not that 1
