6*26
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb, 15,
desire to discontinue altogether the work upon
the Capitol, although I was opposed to it in the
beginning, and thought then, and think now, that
it would have been well not to have gone on with
it but as the work has been commenced and is
going on, I think we cannot now well avoid its
completion. I do, however, want to suspend the i
work upon it. 1 think, in view of the facts to
which 1 have alluded this morning—and 1 can
assure the Senate, and the committee will bear me i
witness, that, as the Senator from Wisconsin |
[Mr. Walker] says, I have but skimmed the 1
surface—we ought at least to suspend operations
until we can have some chance to correct the
abuses and put the work in proper hands. I am !
unwilling for one, and it seems to me the Senate i
ought to be unwilling, to intrust t^e further ex-
penditure of money to the hands which have so
misused that which has already been appropriated.
There can be no question, I thinK, that at least
one half of the money which we have already I
appropriated—§600,01)0—for this work, has been
misapplied and converted to a private and not to
a public use. Sir, the suspension need not be
long, and 1 do hope that we will suspend, that
we will not make the appropriation in this bill,
but will wait, and make what appropriations may
be necessary in the general appropriation bill.
In connection with this, 1 wish to ask the Sena-
tor from Virginia one question. 1 wish first to call
his attention to what I believe is the fact; that in
the appropriation of $500,000, it was provided that
the contracts then to be entered into should not
exceed that amount. 1 think we adopted that in
view of what we supposed were improprieties.
I want to inquire—'his appropriation being report-
ed as a deficiency, in addition to the $500,000—if
it means that that work has been contracted for
and has been done, which requires the appropria-
tion of this <6400,01)0: That I understand to be
the case if it be a deficiency. If there be no defi-
ciency, and no work has been done which requires
the expenditure of the money at this time, but the
work has been kept within the limits of the ap-
propriation of {>500,000, as the law expressly re-
quired, and expressly required to prevent fraud, is
it not proper now to withhold this as a deficiency,
and wait until the opportunity is offered to ascer-
tain the fact, and make the appropriation hereafter
conform to the necessities of the case, and secure
its expenditure in accordance with the public in-
terest and prevent further fraud ?
Mr. HUNTER: There was a provision in
the last appropriation,as well as I remember, and
I am sure my memory does not deceive me, to
confine the amount of the contracts to the amount
appropriated, £500,000. I do not understand that
this deficiency is asked for on the ground that the
contracts exceeded the amount which was appro-
priated, nor do I know what is the state of the
facts. But I presume it is asked for for the rea-
son that they can go on faster during the next
fiscal year with the work than they originally con-
templated, and that tfiey can expend a larger sum.
The effect of withholding the appropriation will
be, as I suppose, to suspend the work in the very
best part of the working season, because the appro-
priation bill for the next fiscal year will not take
effect until July 1st, 1853.
If there have been frauds and mismanagement
in relation to this matter—and 1 know nothing
about that—there is no doubt that the Senator
from Arkansas and the committee of which he is
a member will expose the facts, and there is as
little doubt, I suppose, that when they shall have
exposed them the President will transfer the man-
agement to some other individual. That will be
the proper remedy; and not to stop the work. If
we are to carry it on we had better proceed with
it during the working season, and not suspend
the whole work merely for the sake of one appoint-
ment. It is now but a short time to the 4th of
March, and the remedy which the Senator from
Arkansas wishes to have applied can be applied
by the appointing power, and not by withholding
the appropriation.
Mr. BORLAND. It seems to me, from the
answer to my inquiry, that we are legislating in
the dark as to the extent of the appropriation.
The Senator says he does not know whether it is
necessary for the purpose set forth or not. Now,
sir, if the Senator from Virginia, in whose judg-
ment I have the greatest confidence, had investi-
gated this matter, and knew of the necessity of
the course which I suggest, he would take a dif-
ferent view of it. When we had the subject of
the appropriation of $500,000 before us, and when
it was urged upon us, it was carried through
rapidly, on the ground that there was no time to
consider it, and that the be?t part of the season
would be past before we could act unless we acted
at that time. We were told all this before, and
thus we were not successful in guarding against
frauds upon the Treasury, which have been since
committed. We were told that the proper season
for the work was coming on, that the most
favorable time for doing it was at hand, and it
would not do to postpone it. What has been the
result? What I have exposed this morning.
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator misunderstands
me if he supposes I have said that we are legisla-
ting in the dark. We are legislating with pre-
cisely such information as we have with regard to
all other appropriations. This is estimated for by
the proper Department. We do not go to the
War or to the Navy Department, and make an
actual examination of every particular work which
is going on. We have to trust something to the
Departments. Our knowledge is based upon esti-
mates. I do not know whether the contracts ex-
ceed the amount appropriated. 1 only presume
they have not violated the law. I do not know
whether they have or not. It is a fair presump-
tion that they have not—a presumption upon which
all committees must act until the contrary is made
to appear. I presume they have not violated the
law.
Mr. BORLAND. The Senator misunderstands
me. I did not design to suggest that he should
have taken the course of which he speaks. That
is not the question. The question is, whether
this money is absolutely necessary to carry on the
work from this time till the regular appropriation
bills are passed, and an appropriation is made for
it? If it be such a case of emergency that we
cannot wait—if the funds are exhausted which
were appropriated for this purpose, and it is abso-
lutely necessary, in order to save what has been
done, to make this particular appropriation—I
think we ought to make it. But surely then this
amount is too great. Four hundred thousand
dollars cannot be necessary between this time and
the period when the regular appropriation will be
mpde, and when the execution of the work shall
have been transferred to some other person. The
very fact that $400,000 is required as a deficiency
affords upon its face, in my estimation, the very
best evidence that the law has been violated, and
that contracts have been entered into which the
law of the last session positively forbade.
Mr. COOPER. I was not present when this
discussion commenced, and I am not aware pre-
cisely of the character of the remarks made deroga-
tory to the character of Mr. Walter. I under-
stand that remarks reflecting upon his character
have been made by certain Senators. I am sure,
Mr. President, that the Senators who made
charges reflecting upon the character of that gen-
tleman can know but little of him.
Mr. BORLAND. I will suggest to the Senator
that before he proceeds to pass any opinion upon
what was said by Senators in relation to the Archi-
tect, he should at least knowf what those Senators
said. But he confesses he does not.
Mr. COOPER. The Senator from Pennsyl-
vania will be the judge of his own course of argu-
ment. The Senator from Arkansas volunteers to t
instruct me as to what he supposes would be a |
proper course for me to pursue in relation to this ]
subject. Sir, I shall always judge of what is fit-
ting for myself, and it was enough for me to hear
that the character of this gentleman had been as-
sailed, to induce me to rise at once to enter my
protest against what may have been said; for I
am sure that anything derogatory to his character,
reflecting either upon his integrity, or upon his
ability or skillfulness as an artist, would be unde-
served. That much I felt bound to say at once.
And, sir, I will say further, for the information of
the Senate, that the examination that has been in
progress in relation to the conduct of Mr. Wal-
ter, connected with the extension of the Capitol,
has been conducted in his absence. He has not
been permitted to know the charges that have been
urged against him, or to know who were the wit-
nesses.
Mr. BORLAND. The Senator is mistaken.
Mr. Walter has been before the committee, and
knows what is charged against him, and has had
an opportunity to make his own statement.
Mr. COOPER. 1 am informed by a friend of
the gentleman that he had not.
Mr. BORLAND. I do not care who informed
the Senator. What I stated is the fact.
Mr. COOPER. I shall not deny what the Sen-
ator says. He was undoubtedly present if the
Senator says so; but I presume he has had no op-
portunity, at least, to answer the charges which
have been made. I was informed that he did not
know who the witnesses against him were, or
what the character of the charges was. The Sen-
ator says that he is acquainted with the character
of the charges. But I may say this much, that if
he has an opportunity to vindicate himself, he
will do it, and do it successfully, for he has not
lived until the period of life that he has attained,
with the character which he possesses, to have
bartered it so instantaneously as he must have
done. I am perfectly sure his character, earned by
a life not now very short, is not going to be sac-
rificed through the hope of gain or any motive of
any kind. Sir, I do not defend him because he is
a Whig. I do not know whether he is a Whig
or a Democrat, and I do not know what fate is to
await him, as connected with his present position
of architect. I do not care, sir, for that; but as he
is a constituent of mine, and as I look upon him
as a deserving one, I feel it but just to vindicate
him.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I rise for the purpose
of asking Senators not to go into the matters
which are pending before the committee raised to
investigate frauds. If this discussion is to be
continued, we shall get into those personalities
which excite feeling, and perhaps consume a very
unreasonable portion of our time, considering the
nearness of the end of the session. It is verv
clear to me that if we go into the discussion or
these matters, we shall do nothing else. 1 know
something with regard to Mr. Walter, and for the
purpose of reconciling thegentlemen on both sides,
I will state that the Senator from Arkansas is
right when he says that Mr. Walter has been before
the committee, and knows some of the charges
against him. The Senator from Pennsylvania is
equally right when he says some of the charges
have been made since he was before the commit-
tee, and that he has had no chance to respond to
them. Now, if we go into this matter, everybody
must see that there Jwill be no end to it, and we
shall consume the balance of the session upon an
investigation which has been pending for weeks
before the committee. I do not see that any harm
can arise by the course recommended by the Sen-
ator from Virginia; but if there is to be a change
in the architect, and other changes are to take
place, and new individuals are to come in to su-
perintend the building, the money will be just as
necessary when these changes occur. I presume
that whether you appropriate or fail to appropri-
ate, the hands and employees will continue in
offiee until there is time to make changes, and
other persons are put in their places; so that we
shall lose nothing by making the appropriation
at this time. I therefore think that as the appro-
Eriation is prospective, and as these changes may
e made, if made at all, within a few weeks, it is
really useless to consume the time of the Senate
upon the question.
Mr. BORLAND. There is an explanation par-
ticularly called for by the suggestion of the Senator
from Kentucky. He says no harm can come from
making this appropriation. That is the very point
that my proposition involves. I say that harm
can result from it, in this way: The suggestion I
made in the beginning of my remarks as an objec-
tion to this appropriation, is this: that there is
evidence enough to satisfy my mind—and I appre-
hend that every member of the committee was
satisfied—that fraud had been perpetrated, and is
now being perpetrated, in carrying on the con-
tracts. I believe these contracts have been made
in violation of law, and are in themselves fraudu-
lent in their terms. I apprehend that these con-
tracts cover a large amount, and I suppose it is for
the purpose of meeting them the appropriation of
#400,000 is asked for. Suppose we make this
appropriation of $400,000;—it goes into the hands
of those who pay the very persons who, I say,
are now fraudulent in their practice. It will be
too late to prevent the evil after the appropriation
is made; the frauds will be consummated. My
