1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
627
proposition is to arrest that; so far these con-
tracts are made in pursuance of law, so far as they
are not fraudulent, they caii be paid tor hereafter.
They can be paid when those who are charged
with the money can have time to investigate the
contracts, and see how tar they can be allowed,
and how far it isnecessary to check the fraudulent
purposes involved in them. That is the very pur-
pose of the amendment; not to discontinue the
work, as I said before, but simply to suspend the
paving for that which has been done, or contracted
to be done, until the means are in our possession
to prevent the consummation of frauds. I say that
the persons now employed will continue in em-
ployment until displaced by some other power—
the incoming Administration, if you please. I
have no idea that the present Administration will
remove them. They will continue in office until
the 4th of March, and how much longer 1 will not
undertake to say. But it jg very certain if tins
money be appropriated now, it will pass directly
into the hands of the disbursing officers, and it
will be paid out to consummate the very frauds
to which I object, and to meet the contracts which
are shown by the evidence before the committee
to be fraudulent. It seems to me that in that re-
spect it is a fair proposition.
One word as to the opening remark of the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Cooper,] who ad-
dressed the Senate just now. He has confidence
in the Architect. I do not pretend to question his
opinion. I do not doubt that so fax as his knowl-
edge goes he is justifiable in his opinion; and heis
justifiable in vindicating him as a constituent. But
what I objected to, and what he did not seem to
understand when I made the objection, was, that
he commenced by saying that he understood re-
marks had been made, but which remarks he had
not heard, and then was proceeding to comment
upon them, and to controvert them. To that I
objected, and I thought it only fair, before the
Senator proceeded to comment upon and contro-
vert the remarks, that he should at least know
what had been said. 1 had no objection that he
should consider the remarks when he came to
know them, and say what he thought proper with
regard to them; for I am the last to wish to avoid
anything like a fair investigation. But what 1 ob-
jected to was, when he avowed his ignorance of
the remarks, because he was not present when
they were made, that he should proceed to com-
ment upon them.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope the question will be
taken.
Mr. BORLAND. I call the yeas and nays.
The yeas arid nays were ordered; and, being
taken, resulted—yeas 23, nays24, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Borland, Bradbury, R rod [load,
Butler, Cbase, Clarke, Dodge of Iowa, Douglas, Felch,
Fitzpatrick, Houston, James, Jones of Iowa, Norris, Rusk,
Seward, SoulcS, Sumner, Toucey, Wade, Walker, and
Welter—23.
NAYS—Messrs. Bell, Brooke, Cooper, Davis, Dawson,
De Saussure, Downs, Fish, Foot, Geyer, Hale, Hamlin,
Hunter, Jones of Tennessee, Mallory, Mason, Miller, Mor-
ton, Phelps, Pratt, Sebastian, Smith, Spruance, and Un-
derwood—24.
So the ame'ndment was rejected.
Mr. DOUGLAS, when his name was called,
said: I think it will be more proper to leave the
matter to be provided for in the general appropri-
ation bill, and therefore I vote " aye."
Mr. JAMES, when his name was called, said:
For the same reason, I vote " aye."
Mr. WALKER. I wish to make a motion
which will obtain the vote of the Senate, I believe
the fourth or fifth time upon the same matter. I
Move to strike out of the clause—
" For completing the work of the Seventh Census, and to
prepare the same for publication, >"2-k00u, out of which the
Superintendent of the Census shall be allowed a compen-
sation at the rate of $3,000 per annum, from the time bis
salary as Secretary of the Census Board ceased—"
—the words—
" Out of which the Superintendent of the Census shall
be allowed a compensation at the rate of $3,000 per annum,
from the time his salary as Secretary of the Census Board
ceased."
The Senate has been called upon to vote several
times in regard to this proposition, and upon every
occasion it has voted its refusal to increase the
galary of this officer. It comes, however, in this
form from the House of Representatives, and I
have raised the question for the vote of the Senate
again in the form I have indicated.
This, I take it, is an appropriation to complete
the preparation of the census, and the amount
proposed to be appropriated to complete it is
$25,(100. I believe it may be safely said that there
has been an average of one hundred and fifty
clerks upon this work; at one time the number
was as high as one hundred and ninety. How
long that number were employed 1 do not now
remember; but it seems to me that the preparation ,
of the ordinary matter which ought to be embraced 1
in the census could have been done by thirty good
clerks in a month, at the furthest. If the material for
each State had been set apart to a good clerk, and
he had worked upon it for a month, it seems to me
he ought to have prepared the matter for publica-
tion. But it is not that alone upon which those
clerks have been engaged; they have been engaged
upon a history of the various States. We do not
know yet that we are going to publish this his-
tory; but I will mention a fact, and if it be insisted
upon, I will give my author. The preparation of
this history is still in progress, and whether Con-
gress shall order its publication or not, is a matter
of very great indifference to the Superintendent of
the Census. It is rather hoped, I should infer
from what I have heard, that Congress should
refuse to publish it, and for this reason: If they
do refuse, he considers it as his private property,
and there are now standing propositions from Lip-
pincott, Grambo & Co., and others, to take it and
publish it as a private work upon private specu-
lation. I infer, then, that these $25,000 to com-
plete the census is to put at the disposal of the
Superintendent of the Census a corps of clerks to
complete what is to constitute for him, if it is not
taken by the General Government, a private and
independent fortune; and in the mean time out of it
shall be carved an increase of salary from $2,500
to §3,000 a year. j
Mr. BRADBURY. If I understand the amend- j
ment, its only effect will be to strike out the sal-
ary of the Superintendent.
Mr. WALKER. Strike out the increase.
Mr. BRADBURY. The increase from what
sum?
Mr. WALKER. From #2,500.
Mr. BRADBURY. Then the question is whether
the head of the Census Bureau shall receive the
same compensation as the heads of other bureaus.
I suppose he has as laborious a position as any
other, and I see no particular reason for making
the discrimination. The subject was a good deal
debated at the last session. 1 cannot see that it is
a matter of very great consequence to place him
upon a different footing from the chiefs of other
j bureaus. In regard to the publication of the his-
i tory which is said to be in preparation, I am glad
to be informed that it is likely to be such a work
as that publishers would upon their own respon-
sibility give it to the world, for a large portion of
the documents published by Congress are certainly
of a very inferior character to that, and never
would be published by anybody else, if they were
not published by Congress.
Mr. DAVIS. I agree entirely with the Senator
from Wisconsin, [Mr. Walker,] that there is no
propriety whatever in allowing this compensation.
This gentleman sought the compensation of #3,000.,
when the original census bill was passed, and it
was defeated in the House of Representatives
I when the bill passed there. There has been a
struggle ever since that time, in one mode and an-
other, to raise the salary from the sum given him
by law, up to $3,000. In the first place, the De-
partment of the Interior allowed to him a double
salary on account of his being Superintendent of
the Census, and a clerk of the Census Bureau;
and it was only at the last session that we had this
subject before us under consideration, and then
this gentleman and his friends contended here that
the Census Bureau was still in existence, and that
he was entitled to double compensation, because
that Board still existed. The Senate decided oth-
erwise. And then what folio wed? Every gentle-
man who opposed the double compensation in the
Senate, was held up to scorn in the newspapers as
, having done injustice to the individual. And yet
when that law'went to the House of Representa-
tives, it passed there without a dissenting voice,
and went through here by an immense majority.
That law was passed, sir, to correct a mistake
made by the Senate in amending the census law
of 1850. There did an amendment pass through
the Senate without our comprehending what it
was, as many amendments do, by which a con-
struction was attempted to be given to that law,
giving him the sum of $3,000 a year. Well, sir,
notwithstanding that bill passed the Senate and
went to the House, at the close of the last session
it had not got through the House. And, as I am
told, the Secretary of the Interior, on finding that
the bill was not acted upon by the House, actu-
ally made up the compensation to him in the Inte-
rior Department, on the supposition that the bill
of the Senate would not pass through the House.
But one of the very first acts of the House of Rep-
resentatives at this session, was to pass that bill,
which they did without a dissenting voice, thus
putting a stopper upon the allowance made under
the authority of the Department of the Interior
contrary to the expressed will of the Senate, and
contrary to the will of the House. Now, it is at-
tempted to cover that allowance, if I can under-
stand it, by the provision which the Senator from
Wisconsin moves to strike from the bill. I think
no injustice will be done to this individual by
striking it out. In the first place, he is not the
head of a bureau; he is a superintending clerk, and
as superintending clerk lie has a greater salary
than any other clerk in the Department. He hag
never been dignified by being the head of a bureau.
This business is under the Department of the In-
terior. I believe that when the Senate comes to
understand the expense incurred in taking the
census, and more especially in making the ab-
stracts and reducing them to a form for publica-
tion, they will see such an exhibition of the
amount expended as has never been equaled or
approached on any former similar occasion. I
should not be surprised if the expense of taking
this census exceeded in amount all that has been
paid for taking every census before it. The sum
is perfectly enormous.
The Senator from Wisconsin says that thirty
clerks would have been adequate where one hun-
dred and fifty and upwaras have been employed
to do the work. Now, sir, one of the most expe-
rienced officers of this Government, one of the
best working officers in it, told me that if you
would give him twenty-five clerks he would ac-
complish the work in much less time than it has
been done with these one hundred and fifty or one
hundred and ninety, as the gentleman says—I do
not know the exact number; it is, however, very
great. It has been perfectly manifest from the
beginning of this work to the end, that the gen-
tleman at the head of it has been incompetent to
the task put into his hands. Nothing has been
more certain than that; and I say that—and my
friend [Mr. Borland] knows it as well as I do—
no qualifications have been shown by him for his
position; but it has been dragged onward and on-
ward by the expenditure of money. I would be
glad if the footing up of all these sums was made,
and the whole amount was laid before the Senate;
and I take leave to say that there have been many
extravagances committed which are not to be jus-
tified—among others, was this man's being sent
to Europe; and what was he sent for? Why,
every man that has ever thought or considered of
this subject knows perfectly well that all the in-
formation which any gentleman can get, either by
inquiry or otherwise, can be obtained at any time
by correspondence. There is no difficulty in ob-
taining it at all.
The results of the census, in the first place, are
all published; but if there is any organization, or
any machinery to inquire into, if there is any se-
cret about it which all the world does not under-
stand, it is obtained with the utmost ease by cor-
respondence. Yet we find this gentleman going
away from the business committed to his charge,
and spending some two or three or more months
in Europe, leaving the office in the mean time to
take care of itself. I have heard from gentlemen
—though I cannot vouch for it—that the business
during his absence made little progress, and it
was impossible to arrange it so to make the prog-
ress which the public had a right to expect. That
was one of the means by which this great expend-
iture was incurred by the Government. I am
not for encouraging any man in a course like this.
I am not willing, merely to gratify him, because
he comes here pertinaciously session Rfter session,
and devises first one means and then another, to
increase his salary. 1 am not willing to gratify
him by doing it.
Mr. MILLER. The amendment proposed by
the Senator from Wisconsin is to strike out a por-
