628
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 15,
tion of the bill as it came from the House. This ||
subject did not escape the attention of the Com-
mittee on Finance. I think my honorable friend
from Massachusetts is mistaken in regard to the
object of putting this in the bill. I was aware
that at the last session the subject was brought be-
fore the Senate, and the question was raised here
whether there had not been an attempt to procure
two salaries; one as Superintendent of the Census
and the other as Secretary of the Census Board.
That, I believe, was the statement of the Senator
to-day.
Mr. DAVIS. My statement is this: the sal-
ary of this gentleman is $2,500. The purpose of
the provision in the bill is to make it $3,000 here-
after, and to make it $3,000 from a period which,
according to his statement, is a very indistinct
one, that is, from the time the Census Board
ceased. I do not know when that was.
Mr. MILLER. I believe I understood the hon-
orable Senator. I do not think the question, at
the last session, was as to the amount of the sal-
ary, but it was supposed that there had been an
attempt to take salaries for the two offices. The ij
provision in the bill is very plain and explicit in
its terms. It declares that he shall receive a sal-
ary of $3,000 from the time his office as clerk of
the Census Board ceased. So it puts out of the
question altogether, the idea of his receiving sala- 1
ries for the two offices, and the only question is,
whether he shall receive thesalaryof $3,000during
the time he performed the duties of this office.
I do not intend to go into the question with re-
gard to the expenditure of the money in getting
up this census, or as to the capacity or honesty of
the particular gentleman who has the superintend-
ence of it. That is not the question here. He is
in the office—he is performing the duties of the
office; and it appears to me that the salary of $3,000
is not an extravagant salary, and that he ought to
receive it, inasmuch as ne performs as responsible
and arduous duties as any person at the head of
any bureau. If we were to go into the question
of the capability of the officer every time his salary
is brought before us, we should never get through. |'
The question is not with regard to the way he
performs his duties there. That is a question un-
der the control of the Executive. He is there per- >
forming the duties, and this clause is simply to
give him a salary of $3,000 from the timehis duties
as Clerk of the Census Board ceased. I hope it
will not be stricken out.
Mr. DAWSON. I am a little surprised that |i
this discussion should arise here every time the |
name of Mr. Kennedy is mentioned on this floor. !'
A few words will enable us to understand the '
whole question. When the census was ordered ,
to be taken, a board was organized, and they had
power to appoint a clerk. That board was com- '
posed of gentlemen of high distinction; and they
appointed Mr. Kennedy as clerk, and gave him a
salary of $3,000 a year. At a subsequent period,
when the law authorizing the census to be taken,
and a table of statistics planned and arranged was
passed, a Superintendent ofthe Census was ordered
under that law at a salary of $3,500 a year. The
Census Board was not repealed by the law for 1
taking the census, and that Board continued to act ,
down to the commencement of the last session of
Congress. Their report is before us. The ques-
tion came here, as this individual was acting both
as Superintendent of the Census and as Clerk of
the Board, what his salary should be. The idea
at first promulgated, and I believe by some hon-
estly, was, that he was claiming both the salaries;
one as Superintendent of the Census and the other
as Clerk of the Census Bureau. This was not the
f®ct- The Secretary of the Interior decided, that,
as both salaries were appropriated by law, one to
the Superintendent of the Census and one to the
Clerk of the Bureau, and as both offices were dis-
charged by Mr. Kennedy, he was entitled to the I
higher salary.
So the Secretary of the Interior decided, and
so the Census Board decided, and he received the
salary in that way. At a subsequent period, some
one of the officers—one of the Comptrollers, I
believe —decided that he was entitled to only
f2,500. An appeal was taken and carried to the
ecretary of the Interior, and he again decided
that he was entitled to $3,000. We had this
subject before us once before in order to settle the !
question, and the bill was lost in the House of j
Representatives as was stated.
Mr. DAVIS. It was not acted upon in the
House.
Mr. DAWSON. It was not acted upon in the
other House. At this session the House of Rep-
resentatives provide in the deficiency bill for the
highest salary, the same which the Secretary of
the Interior has declared over and over again he
ought to have; and what the Census Board has
said he was entitled to—$3,000. He never has
claimed more, and this bill is to give him that sal-
ary from the time he was appointed down to the
present hour. Is this not right? But it is said
that be is not the head of a bureau, that he is but
the superintending clerk, thereby intending that
we s'i;>H infer that he is not entitled to a salary of
$3,000. All of the heads of bureaus are attached
to some of the Departments. Can there be a Sen-
ator who will say that the Superintendent has not
labored as industriously as any officer in this Gov-
ernment? In the opinion of some he is not a very
competent man; in the estimation of others he is
very competent. In the language of the Senator
from New Jersey, one thing is certain: this Ad-
ministration, from the President down, has sus-
tained this officer in his present position; and the
country look with a great deal of interest and
anxiety to any publication which comes from his
bureau. As to his trip to Europe that is not the
question before us. That may have been an in-
discreet thing, not done by his own act, but by the
o der of the Secretary of the Interior. The only
question is, whether we will declare him entitled
to the salary which the Census Board and the Sec-
retary of the Interior have decided belongs to him
from the time of.his appointment to the present ?
Mr. MASON. It is very manifest that we can-
not get through with this bill to-day, and I am
committed to the honorable Senator from New
Hampshire, who has the floor for to-day on an-
other subject, to move, as I do now, that the further
consideration of this bill be postponed to to-mor-
row morning.
Mr. HUNTER. I think we can get through
with the bill to-day; at any rate we can try to do
so. I hope therefore we shall go on with it.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. MASON. I move that the Senate now
proceed to the consideration of the resolutions re-
lating to the right of way at Tehuantepec.
Mr. RUSK. Before that motion isput,I move
that the Senate take up Senate bill No. 39G, for the
purpose of assigning another day for its consider-
ation. I will fix to-morrow morning at twelve
o'clock as the hour at which I desire it to be the
special order.
Mr. MASON. I shall be perfectly willing, so
far as I am concerned, to conclude the debate on
theTehuantepec resolutions to-day; but if it shall
not be concluded to-day, I hope the Senate will go
on with it from day to day until it shall be con-
cluded. I shall ask the Senate to allow me a very
short time to answer some remarks and arguments
that have been urged by the honorable Senator
from New York, [Mr. Seward.] Itshall occupy
but very little of the time of the Senate, and I will
cheerfully do it at any hour this evening. I, how-
ever, would suggest to thehonorable Senator from
Texas to name a later day for the consideration
of the bill to which he refers, than that which he
has suggested—say Friday.
Mr. RUSK. I cannot do that. I hope the
Senate will allow me to-morrow. *
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Norris.)
Does the Senator from Virginia withdraw his mo-
tion '
Mr. MASON. I do not withdraw it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then the mo-
tion oftheSenator from Texas cannot be received.
Mr. MASON. I will withdraw my motion to
allow the Senator from Texas to take up his bill
for the purpose of fixing a day for its considera-
tion.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope the Senate will not
fix to-morrow at twelve o'clock, but that we shall
then go on with and conclude the discussion on
the deficiency bill. At least I hope the Senate
will give me until one o'clock.
Mr. RUSK. I have yielded time after time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER put the question
on Mr. Rusk's motion to take up the Pacific rail-
road bill, and it was agreed to.
Mr. RUSK. I now move that its further con-
sideration be postponed until to-morrow at twelve
o'clock, and that it be made the special order for
that hour.
Mr. MASON. I move to amend that motioi!
by making it the special order for Friday next, at
one o'clock, in order that we may get through
with these Tehuantepec resolutions. I hope we
shall continue their consideration until we dispose
of them. When we have got through with these
resolutions the Senator from Texas can have his
bill considered. If he thinks Friday too distant
a day, I will say Thursday, at one o'clock.
Mr. RUSK. There isa special order for Thurs-
day. The Texas debt bill is the special order for
that day, and I am bound to give way for that.
The Tehuantepec resolutions will not require the
action of the House of Representatives; whereas
the postponement of the Pacific railroad bill be-
yond to-morrow will operate so as to defeat it,
because there will be «o time left for its consider-
ation in the House of Representatives.
Mr. MASON. I was not aware that the spe-
cial order for Thursday was the Texas debt bill;
but as that bill is assigned for Thursday, I with-
draw my motion and renew that which I made
originally, to postpone the consideration of the bill
which the Senator from Texas has called up until
Friday at one o'clock.
Mr. BELL. You may as well say the 4th of
March.
Mr. ADAMS. I beg leave to suggest, that as
the resolutions alluded to by the Senator from
Virginia are separate resolutions of the Senate,
and do not require the action of the House, they
can be postponed until the 4th of March without
any detriment in any way to the public interests.
I would therefore suggest to him the propriety of
moving their postponement until the4th of March.
We shall then have more time to consider such
subjects.
Mr. BROOKE. My colleague must permit me
to remind him that there are some Senators on
this floor who will not have the pleasure of being
here on the 4th of March.
Mr. ADAMS. That is the very reason why I
made the suggestion, so that those who expect to
vote for theresolutions may remain here and sustain
their principles; but if my colleague wishes to ad-
dress the Senate upon the subject, I will withdraw
my suggestion.
Mr. Rusk's motion was agreed to, and the Pa-
cific railroad bill is therefore made the special order
for to-morrow, at twelve o'clock.
THE TEHUANTEPEC GRANT.
The Senate then proceeded to consider thejoint
resolutions of the Committee on Foreign Relations
in relation to the Garay grant; when—
Mr. HALE delivered his views at length, and
was followed by Mr. BROOKE, who, without con-
cluding, gave way, and the Senate adjourned.
[These speeches will be found in the Appendix.]
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, February 15, 1853.
TheHousemet at eleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by the Rev. C. M. Butler.
Mr. CABLE, of Ohio. I desire to know if a
quorum of members is present ?
The SPEAKER counted the House, and re-
plied that a quorum was not present.
Mr. ROBIE. I move that there be a call of the
House.
The motion was agreed to, and the Clerk pro-
ceeded to call the roll, when the Speaker an-
nounced that 95 members had answered to their
names.
The absentees were then called, and it was as-
certained that a quorum had answered to their
names.
Mr. STANLY. I move that all further pro-
ceedings in the call be dispensed with.
The motion was agreed to.
The Journal of yesterday was then read.
Mr. STANLY. I rise to correct the Journal.
If the Speaker will refer to that portion of the
Journal which states the ground upon which I
took an appeal from the decision of the Chair, he
will, I think, see there is a slight error in the
statement as there made. It is a matter of no
great consequence; but the correction I make is
this: I did not appeal from the decision of the
Chair upon the ground that the House was act-
