630
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb 15,
Moore, Morrison, Murray, Samuel W. Parker, Peaslee,
Penniinan, Pi-rkins, Porter, Powell, Reed, Richardson, |
Robbins Robie, Sabine, Schermerhorn, Schoolcraft,
Scliooninaker, Skelton, Stanly, Benjamin Stanton, Abra- '
ham P. Stephens, Stone, Stratum, Sutherland, Sweetser,
Thurston, Toombs, Venable, Walbridge, Walsh, Wash-
bnrn, Welch, Welts, Wilcox,Wildrick, and Woodward—
109.
So the House refused to lay the bill upon the
table.
Mr. BROOKS. I now ask the gentleman from
New Jersey [Mr. Skelton] to withdraw his call
for the previous question. I can satisfy the House
that there are erroneous calculations in this bill,
and that it is a very dangerous bill to pass.
Mr. HOUSTON. I object to debate.
Mr. BROOKS. I hope the House will not sus-
tain the call for the previous question.
The House was then divided upon seconding
the demand for the previous question; and there
■were—ayes 77, when—
Mr. JOHNSON, of Georgia, demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Hall and
Gaylord appointed.
The House was again divided, and the tellers
reported—ayes 78, noes 40.
So the previous question was seconded. The
main question was then ordered to be put; which
main question being, " Shall the bill be recom-
mitted to the Committee of the Whole upon the
state of the Union?"—
Mr. BROWN demanded tellers upon it.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Venable
and Hall appointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers
reported—ayes 48, noes not counted.
So the House refused to commit the bill.
The SPEAKER. The question now is upon
agreeing to the amendments reported by the Com-
mittee on Ways and Means.
Mr. FREEMAN. Has the morning hour ex-
pired P r
The SPEAKER. It has not, and if it had, (
the previous question having been ordered, this
bill must be considered.
Mr. DUNHAM. If there is no objection, I
should like to offer another amendment before !
these amendments are acted upon. I can explain
it in a few words. |
Mr. HALL. I object to any amendment being
offered to the bill, j
The SPEAKER. No amendment can be of-
fered except by unanimous consent.
Mr. DUNHAM. The amendment I desire to
offer is one to provide that the three-cent piece
shall be made of standard silver, the same as i
other silver coin. !
Mr. HALL. I consider this bill one of very ;
great importance, and I believe the only chance of
passing it is to pass it in the shape in which it
came from the Senate; and hence I am opposed
to all amendments.
The amendments proposed by the Committee
on Ways and Means were then read in order, as ;
inserted below, and the question being taken upon
them severally, they were rejected, viz:
In section two, strike out the words " debts for all sums |
not exceeding five dollars,'' and insert in lieu thereof the !
words " dues of the United States."
In section three, after the words " intrinsic value there-
or," insert the words " estimated in dollars of silver.'1
In section four, insert before the words " quarter dollars,"
the words " half dollars."
In section six, strike out the words " of either pure met
als," and insert in lieu thereof the words " or coined into
disks of metals, either refined or as nearly as may be prac-
ticable, to purity."
In same section strike out the word " whether," after the
words " but in case," and insert in lieu thereof the word
" where." In the same section, and immediately after the
last amendment, stnke out the words " or cast into bars or
ingots." In the same section, after the words " one half
of one per cent.," insert the words " and where it is cast
into bars or ingots, or formed into disks, the charge shall
not exceed the expense, to be regulated from time to time
by the Secretary ot'the Trea«ury."
At the end of the same section, insert the words " and
Jirovided also that the Secretary of the Treasury shall regu-
ate the size and devices of the new silver coin authorized
by this act."
In section eight, strike out the words " the first day of
June next," and insert in lieu thereof the words " its pas-
sage. "
The question was then taken on ordering the
bill to be read a third time, and it was agreed to,
there being on a division—ayes 82, noes not
counted.
The bill was then read the third time. !
Mr. DUNHAM. I demand the previous ques-j
tion on the passage of the bill. !
Mr. HART. I move that the bill be laid on
the table.
Mr. JOHNSON. I demand the yeas and nays
on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DUNHAM. Is it in order for me to with-
draw my call for the previous question ? J
The SPEAKER. It is not in order, and no
motion can be made pending the motion to lay
upon the table.
The question was taken on the motion that the
bill be laid on the table, and it was disagreed to—
yeas 65, nays 111; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Beale, Bragg, Briggs, Brooks, j
Albert G. Brown, Busby, Joseph Cable, Caldwell, Tlioii.p (
son Campbell, Chastain, Churchwell, Colcock, Conger, ,
Cullom, Dockerv, Doty, Eastman, Edgerton, Floyd, Free-
man, Thomas j. D. Fuller, Gaylord, Giddings, Green,
Grow, Isham G. Harris, Hart, Haven, Hillyer, Howard,
Jenkins, Andrew Johnson, James Johnson,Daniel T.Jones,
George W. Jones, Landry, McCorkle, McNair, McQueen, j
Millson, Molony, John Moore, Morehead, Murphy, New-
ton, Orr, Outlaw, Andrew Parker, Phelps, Powell, Iloss,
Russell, Sackett, Scurry, Ongen S. Seymour, Smith,
Alexander H. Stephens, St. Martin, Sutherland, Towns-
hend, Wallace, Watkins, A. WThite, and Williams—65. !
NAYS—Messrs. Charles Allen, Allison, William Apple- !
ton, Ashe, Avcrett, Barrere, Bell, Bibighaus, Bocock, I
Bowie, Bowne, John H. Boyd, Breckinridge, George H. J
Brown, Burrows, Lewis D. Campbell, Cartter, Caskie, i
Clark, Cleveland, Clingman, Cobb, Cottman, Darby,
George T. Davis, John G. Davis, Dawson, Dean, Dim-
mick, Disney, Duncan, Dunham, Durkee, Edmundson,
Faulkner, Fay, Ficklin, Florence, Henry M. Fuller, Gam-
ble, Gentry, Goodenow, Goodrich, Gorman, Hall, Ham-
mond, Harper, Sampson W. Harris, Haws, Hebard, Hen-
dricks, Hibbard, Holladay, Horsford, Houston, John W.
Howe, Thomas M. Howe, Thomas Y. How, Hunter, In-
gersoll, Ives, Jackson, Robert W. Johnson, J. Glancy
Jones, George G. King. Preston King, Kuhns, Kurtz,
Letcher, Little, Mace, Mann, Mason, McMullin, Meade,
Miller, Henry D. Moore, Morrison, Murray, Samuel W.
Parker, Penn, Penniman, Perkins, Porter, Reed, Robbins,
Uobie, Robinson, Sabine, Schermerhorn, Schoolcraft,
Schoonmaker, David L. Seymour, Skelton, Snow, Stanly,
Benjamin Stanton, Stratton, Sweetser, Taylor, Thurston,
Toombs, Tuck, Venable, Walbridge, Walsh, Wells, Wil-
cox, Wildrick, Woodward, and Yates—111.
So the House refused to lay the bill on the table.
Mr. DUNHAM. I withdraw the call for the
Frevious question on the passage of the bill; and
now move to recommit the bill to the Committee
on Ways and Means, and demand the previous
question.
Mr. KING, of New York. Has the morning
hour expired ?
The SPEAKER. It has.
Mr. KING. There is a bill on the Speaker's
table which passed the Senate under the following
circumstances: The District Attorney of this Dis-
trict desires to take up for trial the Gardiner
causes. By law the term of the court is fixed. It
is believed these causes would be protracted be-
yond the time limited for the term, and that they
would expire with it, without ability on the part
of the law officers to conclude or to continue them
to the next term. The Senate have passed a bill
to allow the continuance of trials. The bill is en-
titled " An act to prevent in certain cases a failure
or delay of justice in the courts of the District of
Columbia."
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. It is evident from
the votes which have been taken this morning,
that a majority of the House have determined to
pass the bill under consideration. It will take no
more time to pass it now than to resume its con-
sideration at some other time.
[Cries of " Order!"]
The SPEAKER. Discussion is not in order.
Mr. KING. I trust that the Senate bill (No.
624) to which I have called attention, may be taken
up and passed. I have no objection to the coin-
age bill being disposed of first 
Objection was made.
The SPEAKER, The question now is on sus-
taining the call for the previous question on the
motion to recommit the coinage bill to the Com-
mittee on Ways and Means.
The call for the previous question was seconded,
and the main question was ordered to be put.
The question was taken, and the House refused
to recommit the bill to the Committee on Ways
and Means.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I demand the
yeas and nays on the passage of the bill.
The House was divided on ordering the yeas
and nays, and there were—ayes 20—not one fifth
of a quorum, and therefore not a sufficient num-
ber.
Mr. ORR. I demand tellers on ordering the
yeas and nays.
I The tellers were not ordered.
i The bill was then passed, there being, on a
division of the House, ayes 94, noes not counted.
Mr. DUNHAM. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed, and to lay the
motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
[A message was here received from the Senate,
by the hands of Asbcry Dickins, its Secretary,
informing the House that the Senate had passed
" An act to prevent, in certain cases, a failure or
delay of justice in the courts of the District of
Columbia."]
CONTINUANCE OF CAUSES.
Mr. KING. I now ask that bill of the Senate,
No. 624, to prevent in certain cases a failure or
delay of justice in the courts of the District of
Columbia, be taken up and put on its passage.
The bill, there being no objection to its consid-
eration, was taken up, read three several times,
and passed.
Mr. KING. I move to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed, and to lay the motion
to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
FRAUDS ON THE TREASURY.
Mr. KING. I now ask to take up a privileged
question. I call up the motion to reconsider the
j vote by which the bill to prevent frauds on the
Treasury was recommitted to the Select Commit-
tee, so that the amendments of the Senate may be
brought up to be concurred in or rejected. Those
amendments have been consideredf by that com-
mittee, though informally, because the motion for
reconsideration was pending, and the committee
recommend to the House concurrence in some and
the rejection of others.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I made the
motion to reconsider because there was no special
committee to which the reference was made.
The question was taken, and the motion to re-
consider was agreed to.
Mr. KING. I withdraw the motion to re-
commit.
The bill as it passed the House, makes it a penal
offense for any officer of theUnited States, orper-
son holding any place of trust or profit in connec-
tion with the Executive Department of the Govern-
ment, or for any Senator or Representative in
Congress, who, after the passage of this act, shall
receive any gratuity from any claimant against
the United States, or agree to receive, or receive,
| except by inheritance, bequest, or marriage, any
j share or pecuniary interest in any claim against
j theUnited States.
! The amendments of the Senate struck this clause
j out of the second and third sections of the bill—
the second section applying to Executive officers,
and the third section to Senators and Representa-
tives.
To these amendments of the Senate, striking
these prohibitions from the bill, the committee
recommended a disagreement.
i It is deemed important to retain these clauses in
| the second and third sections.
I In (he several other amendments of the Senate,
not affecting the character and purpose of the bill,
they recommended a concurrence. I call for the
previous question on the Senate amendments.
The call for the previous question was seconded,
and the main question was ordered to be put.
The amendments of the Senate were then read
by the Clerk, and those recommended by the com-
mittee to be non-concurred in (as inserted above)
were non-concurred in, and those recommended to
be concurred in were concurred in.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The motion was agreed to, and the House ac-
cordingly resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Orr in the
chair.)
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. Chairman, I move to
take up House bill No. 350, making appropria-
tions for the service of the Post Office Department,
during the fiscal year ending June 30, 1854.
There was no objection, and the bill was taken
up.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move that the first reading
of the bill be dispensed with, and that it be read a
