1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
633
Again: What, under our system, is the condi-
tion of business at the present time? I do but
justice to my friend, the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Ways and Means, when I say that the
appropriation bills were reported earlier this ses-
sion than I have ever seen them. In season and
out of season, he has urged upon this House the
necessity of passing those bills. He has been at
all times at his post, and at all times ready to dis-
charge his duty as leader of the financial commit-
tee of this House. And yet we are now within
less than twenty days of the conclusion of the
session, and none of the important appropriation
bills have passed. There are some bills on the
Speaker's table that carry more weight than the
Government of the country carries. There are
bills upon that table relating to millions and mil-
lions of private interests which may make appeals
to the hearts and understandings of members, at
least as strong as the bills necessary for carrying
on the Government. And yet obstruction after
obstruction, and difficulty after difficulty is thrown
in the way of the public business. It is all done
under the rules. " I object," says one. "Itgoes
to the Speaker's table," says another. All under
the rules and according to law—everything is
ruled down by points of order; the business of
the country is brought to a standstill, and we sit
here like a parcel of truant school-boys, respon-
sible for it to our constituents. I mean, for one,
that, so far as I am concerned, the people shall
understand the reason why the business of this
country is not transacted.
There is another fact to which I desire to call
the attention of the committee. It is an evil under
which the country has groaned, and which every
one of us must feel deeply. I refer to the mode
in which our appropriation bills are passed. We
crowd into the last hours of the session the pas-
sage of all the most important bills for the support
of this Government. W e pass the civil and d iplo-
matic bill, and it goes to the Senate. They load
it with millions and millions, and then it is brought
back here, and every amendment of the Senate is
rejected. Then, sir, a committee of conference is
appointed, consisting of two members of this
House and two members of the Senate, and they
come back with a report fixing millions upon the
civil and diplomatic bill. The report being read,
the House is admonished that the wheels of the
Government must stop unless they agree to the ■
report of the committee of conference; for one I
of the rules by which we are governed, which I |
am apprised is a principle of the general parlia-
mentary law, is, that you must either take the
whole of the report of a committee of conference,
or reject the \yhole of it. You cannot divide it.
You must reject the whole, and thereby lose the
bill, or take the report of the committee of con-
ference, with all of its objectionable provisions. If
you look at the ciyil and diplomatic bills, and the
other bills appropriating money for the last five
years, you will find that they have all been
passed by four men ! The report is brought back
to us. The cup is put to our lips. " Will you take
the responsibility of stopping the wheels of.the
Government and arresting its progress, or will you
vote for this bill with all the nauseous ingredients
which it contains ?" Sir, I have been compelled
to sit down and cipher out whether it will cost
most to pass the bill with all its enormities, or to
call an extra session of Congress; and finding that
the extra session would cost most, I have taken
the nauseous dose reluctantly, but from necessity,
and voted for the bill. Why? Because I felt that
my arm was powerless, although my constftuents
were being cheated and the country wronged. Sir,
this regulation which compels the House either to
adopt or to reject the whole of the report of a
committee of conference, virtually deprives the
representatives of the people of the right to appro-
priate the public money. By way of illustration,
I call the attention of the House to a report from
a committee of conference made the other day in
relation to a bill for the relief of the widows of sol-
diers. The report, as I understand it, did not re-
late to the points of difference between the Houses,
but was a mere enlargement of the provisions of
the bill—provisions on which both Houses had
agreed. I do not object particularly to that bill.
I refer to it for the purpose of showing the opera-
tion of the rule.
Mr. Chairman, it may be that I am not suf- '
ficiently acquainted with the rules. I acknowl- 11
; edge to you thatl do not understand them, except
as conflicting with each other. I acknowledge to
you that I do not consider it any discredit not to
understand them, because they are contradictory.
The decisions ofrthe distinguished Speaker, whose
duty it is to study and understand the rules, have
been so often reversed during the present session,
that I do not feel at all discredited by being put in
such enlightened company. A friend suggests
that I ougnt not to object to what I do not under-
stand. Well, perhaps it is so; but it appears to
me to be a non sequitur. Having made a faith-
ful attempt to understand the rules of this House,
and believing myself to be in possession of ordi-
nary intellect, I think there must be some radical
objection to that which is unintelligible after six
years'study. It is manifest that there must "be
something wrong, when those who profess to un-
derstand the minutiae of the rules, and raise the
most frequent points of order—those to whom we
look for light with regard to this great subject, and
icho are learned in this kind of law—are unable to
agree amongst themselves. But, sir, there is
something radically wrong in the whole matter.
The remedy is, to repeal the whole of this com-
plicated, contradictory system, and the substitu-
tion of a mere detail of the order of business, and
a provision against some few abuses. As we
never pass laws without a suspension of the rules,
we might probably do business if we repealed
them an. I think that if we were to abolish the
rules, which we have to suspend every time we
pass a law, and go back upon the parliamentary
law—that parliamentary law which resulted from
the experience of the wisest and most astute of
legislative assemblies—we might do something for
the good of the country. A few modifications of
that law would be necessary; but few, and exceed-
ingly simple.
But, Mr. Chairman, under the rules of the
House, and the mode in which business is trans-
acted, there is another serious and crying evil.
Questions are brought up here, which at first
blush would not receive a single vote. They are
kept upon the tapis for weeks and weeks, ana con-
tinually thrown in to obstruct other business,
while, in the mean time, there are outside influences
at work to bring about their passage at a favorable
moment. I appeal to the experience of every
member of the House. Three times to-day per-
sons have been to me to talk with me about some
men's private claims that are upon the Speaker's
table and subject to the legislation of this House.
I They are placed in a position for the action of
lobby influence, and under the effect of outside I
pressure, to the injury of the country and the an-
noyance of all who desire to do their duty here, j
There is a constant pressure from without; an
unremitted influence brought to bear upon the
measures before the House. These things are
done continually, and the position in which you
keep the business of the House is just that in
which this influence can be used most effectively.
We are all affected by it more or less, and must
be conscious of it.
But, sir, without looking at the action of the
rules, what is the result? I take this morning for
a specimen. We had two votes upon the currency
bill, as to whether it should lie upon the table,
each decisive of its fate, and these votes upon the
yeas and nays. Some gentleman moved to lay
the bill upon the table, the yeas and nays were
taken upon the motion, and the motion was voted
down by a very decisive majority. Some other
transactions took place, and another motion was
made to lay the bill upon the table; the yeas and
nays were again called, and the motion was again
voted down by a-very large majority. And here we
are within eighteen days of the close of the session,
and have not passed one of the important appropri-
ation bills. A vast amount of business lies upon
your table untouched, and yet hour after hour of
the time of the House is spent in parliamentary
maneuver, when it was perfectly manifest that the
House meant to pass the bill. If our object in
coming here is to perfect ourselves in the science
of parliamentary law, why then I can understand
our principle of action; but I wish the people of
the country to know why it is that none of the
business of the country is transacted. If they send
us here to make parliamentarians of us, why it is
very well to raise these points of order to let them
know the proficiency we have made, and what
bright scholars we have become. But if they send
us here to transact the business of the country, I
desire that they shall know why our legislation,
with reference to their business, is restricted, and
the business itself not transacted. It may be a
matter of particular interest to gentlemen in some
places to know how particular points of order are
settled, but it is not to the people of my section of
the country. The constituents of other gentlemen
may be very anxious to know how the Speaker
decided a certain point of order, and whether the
House sustained or reversed that decision, but
mine are not. If in consequence of the rules that
are written in our book, or because of the caprice
of members in failing to execute those rules, the
business of the country is to be utterly neglected,
I desire that at least I shall go clear of the re-
sponsibility.
Sir, I wish here, when my term as a member of
this House for the present Congress is about to
run out, to say to my constituents, and to this
House, that the cause of the delay in considering
and passing, with deliberate caution, the appro-
priation bills long before this, is not referable to
any want of diligence on the part of the chairman
of the Committee on Ways and Means. I before
adverted to this subject, and now refer to it again,
in order to remark, that I see no cause for cen-
suring any of the heads of committees. Doubt-
less they are ready to make reports, as I know to
be true concerning the committee to which I be-
long, who have been intensely anxious to make >
reports during the past fifteen months, but have
had no call to do so. This has*all happened un-
der the rules, precedents, and points of order,
raised and adjudicated after solemn discussion,
and more solemn appeals, with the decided ad-
vantage over other reports, that they show author-
ities on every imaginable side of the question. It
is referable to the power of producing obstruc-
tion and delay derived from the rules of the
House. The people of the country, when they
come to see that no work can be done without
suspending the rules of -the House, will see that
the rules themselves are alone in the way of doing
business. Why, sir, any company of plain, sen-
sible men, in the country, would disembarrass
themselves at once of this difficulty, without con-
suming much time in the operation. There is
not an intelligent person who reads the proceed-
ings of this House, and sees that nearly all the
laws which are passed here are passed on Mon-
days, when we suspend the rules for that pur-
pose, who will not at once be astonished that such
I a nuisance should be permitted to exist merely for
II the pleasure of occasionally suspending it. The
j very mode in which we pretend to observe the
i rules is conclusive upon this point, that the effect
! is precisely the reverse of what is intended; and
the country will feel refreshed when Monday
; comes, ana the nuisances of our rules may be
! cleared away, and the rights and interests of the
people may receive attention.
| Mr. Chairman, I again take occasion to say that
the greater portion of this evil grows out of the
! rules of this House. The very manner in which
they have been adopted makes it necessarily so.
They are the result of special legislation. A par-
ticular evil manifests itself in the business of this
I House, and some gentleman who has not attended
to the whole matter, thinks he sees a remedy,
and accordingly introduces a special provision
for the purpose. Like all other special legisla-
tion, it wars against the general system, and
when the thing begins to work, they find that the
; remedy is itself a greater inconvenience than the
! original evil; that it creates a great many annoy-
ances more ^insufferable than the first. That is
the result of special legislation. Thus we have
! gone on remedying each abuse by special legisla-
. tion, and heaping one upon another, until they
' have accumulated to such an extent as to place
} the control of this House in the hands of any per-
son whose taste and inclinations lead him to the
study of the liberal, enlightened, and comprehensive
system of rules contained in the hand-book fur-
nished the members at the first of each session.
Such a one would be irresistible if he would add
to his researches the precedents furnished by the
Speakers and this House. To afford an illustration,
I will refer to a bill before the House some days
since. When we had spent a whole day upon it,
and the House had taken a half a dozen votes in
relation to it, just before the final vote, the House
adjourned ;and the next morning, when every plain
