1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
635
and met to transact business, and have prepared
and made out reports, but have not been called
upon for them for that long: time. In all 1 say,
I desire to be entirely respectful; and I trust I
shall never be otherwise; but if this state of things
shall go on, if another and another Congress
shall permit the public business to pass by, as
this Congress has for the last two years, what
I apprehend is—and it is one of the most distress-
ing evils which can come upon a people—a total
want of confidence in the Legislative Assembly of
the country. They will look here for justice, and
look in vain. They will look to the representa-
tives of the people for the protection of their rights,
and look in vain. They will come to the conclu-
sion that the experiment of a representative gov-
ernment is a failure. Sir, there is not a more im-
portant question presented for our consideration
than this, and it becomes us to endeavor to secure
the confidence of the country. Without it, we
are powerless. When we become the subjects of
distrust, every honest man in the country will feel
thai it will be indispensable to have a radical change
in our institutions. Nothing will secure the re-
gard and attachment of the people but a prompt
discharge of our duties.
I regret, sir, that I have consumed so much of
the time of the committee. It is only the second
time, with the exception of one or two five-minute
speeches, that 1 have asked the attention of the
House. I apologize for throwing myself upon
their indulgence. I trust that, in the transaction
of our business for the few days of the session
that are left to us, there will be on all hands a fixed
and steady purpose to go on, and at least pass the
appropriation bills in time to consider the amend-
ments which may be made to them by the Senate,
so as not to place the House in the power of a
committee of conference, who can load the bill with
matter which may operate unjustly and oppres-
sively upon the country, and leave us without a
remedy for the evil.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, here obtained
the floor.
Mr. COBB. I hope the gentleman from Geor-
gia will allow me a few moments, as a word of
explanation may be due, in answer to the remarks
of the gentleman who has just taken his seat. I
regret that the gentleman from North Carolina
[Mr. Venable] happened to be within the range
of my voice, and heard my remark, which was
rather casually spoken, in my seat, and not for
the purpose of giving any offense, and which has
called forth from him such a severe rebuke.
I wish to make an explanation. When a gen-
tleman uses the words " the gentleman from Ala-
bama," they shall not apply to any other member
than myself from Alabama. I father every sen-
tence and expression that I make in this House,
desiring, as 1 do, that nothing shall go out to the
country as the remark of anybody else, when I
made them myself.
I want to state to thegentleman,before I proceed,
that there is not a gentleman in this House for
■whom I entertaih a higher respect than for the
gentleman from North Carolina; and 1 want to
state further, that there is not an individual in
this House to whom I would give the slightest
offense bv any remark I could make.
Mr. VENABLE, (interrupting.) I had no in-
tention of giving any offense to the gentleman by
the remarks I made.
Mr. COBB. The gentleman says that he meant
no offense, and perhaps the remarks were playful on
both sides. If so, I shall desist from the course I
intended to pursue, for I intended to show to the
House and to the country that I have filled this
seat every day during this session, and endeavored
to expedite the business. I intended to show that
I have made no speeches, and consumed none of the
time of this House in lecturing the House, but have
endeavored to discharge, in my humble manner, and
to the best of my abilities, the duties of a member
of Congress from the district I represent. I shall
say nothing more, as it is apparent that the remarks
Were playful on both sides.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. The evils of
which the gentleman from North Carolina [Mr.
Venable] complains, are not, I think, attributa-
ble to the causes to which he attributes them.
He has said a great deal against the rules of this ■
House; of their obstructing public business, and
of their absurdity. Now, sir, I should be pleased j
to hear him point out a single rule which con- 1
I tains an absurdity. A single one that is unwise, j
j, unmeaning, or foolish. A large majority of these
J rules have been the standing rules of the House of
Representatives since 1789." Nearly all regulating
the order of business were adopted in the early
history of the Government. Did not the House
do business under them then ? Did not they legis-
late in 1789, 1791, in 1810, and 1812, in 1820 and
1825? Sir, there have been very few rules in-
terfering with the'mode of doing business in this i
House established within the last quarter of a cen-
i tury. We have had some new ones within that
i time, such as the 21st rule and the hour rule, but
they are not many.
j "1 he evil, therefore, cannot be attributed to your
rules, and I call the public attention to this fact, !
because it has become fashionable, not only in the
House, but out of it, for those who do not under-
stand the subject, to cry out, "Therules!" "The
rules!" " Oh, the abominable rules !" Sir, twen-
ty-five years ago, men came here and did the busi-
ness of the country, and they conformed to these
rules. There was no great fault then in the rules;
nor is there any great fault in them now; and, as
the gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. Vena-
ble] intimates an intention to go to his constitu-
ents and tell them where the evil lies, I wish him
to carry this message to them from me: that it is
in the men whom they send here. Tell them to
send men, such as they sent in former times; to
send legislators and statesmen, and not dema-
gogues, and then the public business will be at-
tended to under the same rules that it used to be.
The evil is in the organization of the House, and
the material it is made of, and not in the rules.
They are, in the main, good and wise. Conform
to them, and you could soon clear your table, now
groaning under the burden of so many bills un-
acted on. Put a man in the chair who under- i
stands the rules and will enforce them; organize I
your committees from proper materials; and let :
men be sent to Congress who understand the pub-
i lie business, and you will hear none of this com- !
, plaint against the rules of the House. J
The gentleman brought a complaint against the
mode of acting on reports from committees of
conference. I agree with him in that; but he said
it was one of the blessed rules of this House.
Mr. VENABLE. 1 was mistaken in that.
Mr. STEPHENS. I know he was mistaken;
for this mode of acting is by nc rule of this
House; we have no rule on that subject, but are
governed, in that particular, by general parlia-
! mentary law, and I allude to it particularly be- 1
| cause of another suggestion he made. He said
' we had better suspend all the rules—repeal them, i
| Where will you go then ? To parliamentary law? !
He complains of one hundred and fifty-three rules
now, and he will then, perhaps, complain of more
than three times the number, under the general |i
parliamentary law. What sort of rules would
youthen have? Could any man be found who
would understand them any better than he can 1
those you now have?. ]
But there is a strange inconsistency in the gen- !
tleman's speech! He says that the Senate have
but few rules, (well, that shows that they are not [
under the general parliamentary law, where he
would have us,) and he says that they do busi- !
ness. And then one of the great burdens of his
complaint is, that the Senate often put large ap-
propriations of money in the appropriation bills,
which members are unwilling to vote for, and after
being rejected by the House are adhered to by the
Senate, and are finally reported in favor of by a
committee of conference, when the House is com-
pelled to vote for them all together in a lump, or
lose the bills. 4This,sir,is an evil. But what I
wish to say is, that the evil does not arise from ^
the number of the rules of this House, but from
the want of one more. By the general parliament-
ary law, the question on the report of a commit-
tee of conference is indivisible. You have to agree
to the whole report or reject the whole. And what
we want to cure this evil which has sprung up
with us is a new and an additional rule modifying
the parliamentary law in this particular, so as to
allow a division of the question on the report of a
committee of conference, so as to get a vote on each
item embraced in it. The gentleman's cure for
this evil of which he complains, is to adopt that
very parliamentary law out of which it arises.
Now,sir, I would cure it not by abolishingall pres- i
ent rules, but by making one more by which the ||
question on the report of a committee of confer-
ence should be divisible—that is the proper remedy.
And, I say this House should not pass another day
before they have another rule to their present one
hundred and fitty-three, and it should be this: That
on the report of a committee of conference there
shall be a division of the question, and a separate
vote of the Hituse be taken upon every distinct
measure embraced in such report, if demanded by
one fifth of those present. You have now no rule
upon that point, and the Speaker is bound to de-
cide according to parliamentary law, and hence
the evil of which the gentleman complains. 1 give
you the remedy. While I am upon this subject,
I desire to say something upon the true cause of
thegreat delay in getting along with the public kfusi-
ness, and the heavy accumulation of bills now
upon the Speaker's table, and which will proba-
bly not be reached before the close of the session.
There has been great delay, and blame is due
somewhere. I am not going into particulars to
show where I think the blame is attributable, but
I do believe that if the heads of committees had
been efficient in the discharge of their duties, the
business before the House would not have been
in its present condition. I think there has been
delay, and unnecessary delay. We are within
comparatively a few days of the adjournment of
this Congress.
Mr. McLANAHAN. I would ask the gentle-
man from Georgia how the chairmen of the com-
mittees having charge of the public business are to
make their reports and introduce their bills unless
under the rules of the House ? For instance: The
Committee on the Judiciary has never been called
on under the rules to report, and how can it report
unless by a suspension of the rules or unanimous
consent?
Mr. STEPHENS. The chairmen of commit-
tees are presumed to be men of influence in the
House. Now, if they had that influence which
their position gives them, or ought to give them,
they would have induced the House to conform
daily to the execution of its rules, and public busi-
ness would have been expedited. But, if Uie
gentleman desires it, I will tell him that the heads
of committees, in my opinion, have not the confi-
dence of the House; they do not exert that influ-
ence which men in their position ought to exert,
and therefore everybody puts in for himself, and
everything goes pell-mell and in wild disorder.
That is my opinion.
Mr. McLANAHAN was understood to say:
It would be well then, as the gentleman has be-
come somewhat personal, that he would point out
those who do and those who do not command in-
fluence?
Mr. STEPHENS. Perhaps, if I proceed to
specify, I might commence at a point where the
gentleman would not be very anxious that I
should.
Mr. McLANAHAN. I interpose no objection
to the full and free expression of the gentleman's
opinions on that subject.
Mr. STEPHENS. But my object is not to
make specifications; I am replying to thegentleman
fromNorth Carolina and his complaints against the
rules. The fault is not with them, but their ad-
ministration. It is with the House and its general
organization, and my object in speaking was that
the remarks of the gentleman should not go to the
country unanswered. If they did, it might be su[ -
posed that this House had committed some great
outrage, that they had passed one hundred and
fifty-three rules which nobody could understand,
and which even those who framed them could not
understand themselves. Well, sir, I think the
gentleman has been here for six years. I would
ask him how many new rules have been adopted
during that time? One to allow five minutes de-
bate,and, perhaps, another excluding particular
individuals from the Hall. These two«are about
all. So the rules are very little worse than they
were six years ago at least. Public business then
could be done. Has the gentleman ever introduced
any change or modification of the rules?
Mr. VENABLE. I voted last Congress in the
Committee on Rules, to repeal these rules.
Mr. STEPHENS. The gentleman voted for
the repeal of the rules, but he brought forward
nothing better. He has proposed no amendment.
If the rules were repealed, the general parliament-
ary law would be adopted until others were made,
and, as I have shown, you would have that sys-
