638
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 15,
sire to know what question there is before the
committee? [A laugh.]
Mr. STUART. We are all of us not unfre-
quetuly at a loss to determine what question is
before the committee. But if the gentleman had
listened fora few moments, he might perhaps have
learned what my views are upon that subject,
humble as they may be, because I am going, by
and by, to say something with reference to a rem-
edy of the evil which the gentleijian from North
Carolina complained of. I will say, in connection
with the remark of the gentleman from Ohio—be-
cause I know he will not understand me as allu-
ding to him or to anybody else in particular—that
we are all in the habit of getting up here and con-
suming hours of the time of the House, in telling
the House what we do not know, and that we do
not understand this thing, and that thing, and the |
other thing, instead of giving gentlemen who have !
reported measures and who do understand them,
an opportunity to present them to the House.
We frequently continue that system of discussion
Until the majority get out of all patience, and hav-
ing learned nothing on the subject, demand and
enforce the previous question. There is no diffi-
culty, in my judgment, in getting rid of this evil,
and it might be done in this way: confine the dis-
cussion m Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, as you do in the House, to the bill
under consideration, and abolish your hour rule.
What would be the result? No gentleman would
rise to speak upon any subject, unless he had in-
a majority of this House can, whenever they
please, go into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, under an express rule of the
House, and consequently it is impossible for the
Speaker of this House to dispatch the business
upon the Speaker's table. The gentleman from
Georgia must certainly remember what took place
only some eight or ten days ago. The Speaker
of the House, in his anxiety to proceed with the
regular course of business, determined that he
would not recognize any gentleman upon this floor,
on Monday, except a gentleman from the State of
Pennsylvania, resolutions from that State being
in order upon that day. What was the result?
Did we do any more business then than on any
other day ? On the contrary, was it not the almost
universal opinion of the House that the Speaker
had acted improperly, in that rigid adherence to J
the rules of the House?
A great deal has been said about the business on
the Speaker's table. I am not aware that the sit-
uation of that business is much worse than it has
been heretofore. But be that as it may, I tell the
gentleman from Georgia, and I tell the gentleman
from North Carolina, [Mr. Venable,] that when-
ever a bill comes into the House or into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
which, I believe, it would be highly improper to
pass, and which will justify dilatory movements
or revolutionary movements, as they designate
them, I, for one, shall engage in those movements.
1 have always done it, and I always mean to do it.
vestigated it and fully understood it. In the course ! I have no fear of the denunciations of the Republic.
of two or three hours he could exhaust the sub
ject. Under such a system, perhaps four mem-
bers would speak upon the bill, or may be six, but
rarely, in my judgment, over four. The subject
Would then be exhausted, and the House would be
ready to vote upon it and take up another subject,
which would be discussed by a dilFerent set of
members who understood it, and so on through
the legitimate business of the House.
As it is now, everything is discussed except the
bill legitimately under consideration, and it is not
until we close debate and enter upon the five min-
utes discussion, that the bill is touched stall. One
gentleman wants to speak upon rivers and harbors;
another gentleman wants to speak upon the public
lands; another wants to speak upon finance;another
upon the presidential question; and the result is, (
that fifty or sixty, and sometimes hundreds of hour !
speeches are made here, and we are kept in Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
upon a single bill, for four or six weeks, without
the subject itself being ever touched. Now, in my
judgment, the remedy- for this evil lies in a nut-
shell. Confine the discussion in Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, as you do in
the House, to the subject legitimately under con-
sideration, and abolish the one hour rule.
Mr. HALL, (Mr. Stuart yielding the floor.)
I had supposed that the gentleman from Michigan,
I have no fear of the denunciations of gentlemen
who do not approve of my conduct. I always
endeavor to do what I believe to be right, and
when I have done that, I am satisfied, provided I
can satisfy my constituents.
Mr. ALLISON, (Mr. Stuart further yielding
the floor.) I wish to call to the recollection of the
gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Hall] a single
fact. I understood the gentleman from Missouri
to rise for the purpose of defending the Speaker,
and if I understood him aright, I think he, unin-
i to their legitimate designs, there would not have
| been a single bill upon your table longer than
twenty-four or forty-eight hours at the outside. I
recollect that during the Thirtieth Congress—and
that is the only Congress preceding the present
of which I have had the honor of being a member—
there was no accumulation of business upon the
Speaker's table. The House went regularly to
the business on the Speaker's table every day
in the week when there were any bills there,
sometimes in the morning and sometimes in the
evening after they came out of committee, and dis-
posed of the business there. Your table was not
then, as now, loaded down with bills undisposed
of. Sir, these are not complaints which gentle-
men ought to make against our rules; they onght
to make them against ourselves. The true cause
of complaint lies at our own door.
The practice of making special orders is a per-
nicious one, for which there would be no necessity,
did we not create the necessity ourselves. I speak
of no particular measure, but I speak of the prac-
tice of the House generally, in so conducting its
business that large numbers of bills accumulate
on the Speaker's table and upon the calendar for
the Committee of the Whole, to an extent which
compels us to make a favorite measure a special
order, that we may be able to reach and consider
it.
The special order thusmade overrides the legit-
imate business of the morning hour; then comes a
motion to suspend the rules, and go into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, and
the range of debate which is there allowed induces
everybody who desires to speak to vote for the
motion.
Now, sir, the gentleman from Missouri [Mr.
Hall] expressed a regret that I had said nothing
in defense of the Speaker of this House. Mr.
Chairman, I havenotentered upon that defense, for
the simple reason that I did not hear the conduct
of the Speaker assailed. I was not in the Hall
while the gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Stephens]
was speaking until nearly the close of his remarks,
tentionally of course, cast more censure upon the j and did not hear the remark to which the gentle-
Qr>aa I/Art fUnn n    1 .1-  TT    11J1 r> . ■/• 1 i i * i >   . ~ . .
Speaker than any other gentleman has done. He
said that the Speaker, in the discharge of his duty
on last Monday week, recognized none but gentle-
men from the State which I in part represent, and
in doing so, gave great dissatisfaction to the House.
Let him remember the fact, that bills were called
up by my colleagues, and the House, instead of
showing dissatisfaction at that course, sustained
it in almost every instance by suspending the rules
and acting upon the bills thus called up, thus sus-
taining to the utmost the course of the Speaker.
That is all [ have to say.
Mr. STUART. I desire to revert for a moment
to a remark which I made some minutes since,
and to which the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Johnson] called my attention. When I spoke of
the time during which the homestead bill was be-
after defending the Committee on Public Lands, fore the House, in Committee of the Whole, as a
which 1 did not hear attacked, would have said a
word or two in defense of a high officer of this
House, who, I believe, has been unjustly assailed.
We have been told here to-day that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives is responsible for
the condition of the business before the House.
Sir, I am utterly astonished that such a charge
could be made by anybody, and most especially
by a gentleman so well acquainted with the rules
of the House and the history of the conduct of
former Speakers as the gentleman from Georgia,
[Mr. Stephens.] That gentleman must know
what was the condition of business in this House
during the first session of the last Congress. That
gentleman must know that we did nothing at all,
or next to nothing at all, until the 7th day of Sep-
tember, when the compromise measures were
passed. That gentleman knows that the Presiding
Officer of the hist House of Representatives was,
in the estimation of almost every one, the ablest
and most efficient Presiding Officer that ever sat in
the Speaker's chair of this House. Now, sir,
what has the Speaker of the present House omitted
to do which it was in his power to do, to facilitate
the progress of the public business? Has he not
regularly declared, every day, when the House
met, what was the regularorder of business? Has
he not endeavored, as far as he could, to have the
regular order of business proceeded with 5 So far
as I have been an observer of his conduct [
If the House had com-
menced at the beginning of the present Congress,
answer these questions in the affimative. But, sir, || and continued to administer these rules according
special order, I spoke comparatively. I used the
term of "about four months," and I was very
happy to be corrected by the gentleman. I do not
intend, by anything I said of the time that bill
was before the committee, to cast any imputation
upon the gentleman who reported the bill, nor
upon those who supported it, or to deny the import-
ance of the measure, duite the reverse, sir, were
my views and intentions. 1 merely intended to
show that it was under discussion for a very
long time; and that while it was under considera-
tion, as a special order, very few reports from
committees were made. Duringall that timethere
were as many as from twenty-five to fifty gentle-
men who desired to speak in Committee of the
Whole, and who, whenever it was in order to
move to £o there, would vote for the motion.
Now, it is known to gentlemen that, until one
hour has been spent in calling committees for re-
ports, it is not in order to move to go to the busi-
ness upon the Speaker's table; and if that rule were
adhered to faithfully we should have no difficulty
upon that point. But while we do sometimes in-
sist upon having that hour thus spent, we rarely
ever get to the Speaker's table, in consequence of
the inordinate desire to get into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. Chairman, this is all within the control of
a majority of the House.
man alluded. But if 1 had, I should have said
only this in reply: that, in my humble judgment,
the gentleman who occupies that chair, with an
integrity that no one will ever question, has desired
I and endeavored to execute the rules of the House
in such a manner as best to facilitate the business
of the House. But, sir, it is not in the power of*
any man in that position to prevent the accumu-
lation of business upon your table, so long as the
majority of the House will not prevent it them-
selves. If a motion is made to go into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
can the Speaker do o'herwise than to put the ques-
tion? and if a majority vote in theaffirmative, can
the Speaker override the action of that majority?
Has not the Speaker of this House announced
time and again—does not he do it every morn-
1 ing—the order of business? and are not some gen-
j tlemen,T>r rather some dozens of gentlemen, con-
J tinually rising and asking to dispense with the
| regular order of business, sometimes by unani-
mous consent to take up other business, and some-
j times by making privileged motions, mainly to go
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union for the purpose of making speeches to go
to their constituents and the country ? As far as
that is concerned, are we not all guilty ? Let him
who says he is not rise and cast the first stone.
Mr. Chairman, I have thus briefly stated a few
of the causes of this difficulty. But, sir, if the
House^will, to-day or to-morrow,commence with
the order of business and insist upon it, there will
be no difficulty in disposing of the business upon
the Speaker's table. There will be no difficulty
I in allowing every committee in this House to re-
| port upon every measure referred to them, and
there will he no difficulty in obtaining action upon
those reports. But you must not make this bill
or that one a special order. You must not go, as
soon as the morning hour has expired, into the
Committee of the Whole on the stateof the Union.
You must follow out the rules, and you will find
no difficulty in disposing of all the business before
you.
But, sir, I have spoken a great deal longer than
I intended. I desire only, in conclusion, to call
the attention of the committee to a fact to which I
have before alluded. One of the most serious
evils in relation to our proceedings, is one which
