640
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 16.
the honorable Senator from Wisconsin. I did not
mean to reflect on him at all.
Mr. WALKER. I am glad to hear it; but I
was the Senator who moved to strike out this pro-
vision. Sir, experience has taught me that, in
matters brought before Congress, perseverance will 1
almost universally lash the Senate and the House
of Representatives into any measure, like so many
spaniels. This man has' persevered in this mat-
ter with a pertinacity which ought to s®y to gen-
tlemen as loud as any person's voice could say it,
that he is determined not to abide by the decision
of the Senate.
We passed an act explanatory of the census act,
under the terms of which it was the opinion of a
portion of the Committee on the Judiciary, that
he could get two salaries. Most certainly it was
construed to give him the highest salary. The
Senate took the matter under consideration, and at
the last session passed an explanatory joint reso-
lution, declaring that it was not their intention that
the explanatory act should allow the highest salary,
but to allow him $2,500 a year. That resolution
went to the House of Representatives, and there
it remained during the last session of Congress,
and the House adjourned without acting upon it;
and this, it seems, was a sufficient indication to
the Secretaiy of the Interior that the House looked
upon the proposition with an unfavorable eye, and
therefore he paid Mr. Kennedy a salary of $3,000
in the place of $2,500, which the Senate had clearly
indicated that they intended he should have. Yet,
taking this as an indication of the will of the
House of Representatives, he allowed $3,000 a
year. Still, as it was said yesterday, one of the
first acta done by the House of Representatives
at this session was to pass that explanatory joint
resolution, and to do what? To declare that it
was not their intention that Mr. J. C. G. Kennedy
should have $3,000 a year. What of that? That1
is nothing to a man who has the determination and |
Eerseverance in money matters that Mr. Kennedy :
as. Nothing at all. We see the deficiency bill I
coming to us from the House of Representatives
with a clause, appended to a provision making an
appropriation for the completion of the census, t
giving Mr. Kennedy $3,000 per annum as a salary, ;
from the time when the Census Board ceased to
exist, and we are called upon to pass it. The Sen-
ate has previously solemnly decided twice, if not
three times, that they would not pay this amount;
and now, I have raised the question again to see !
whether the Senate will back out, or will cause the !
Secretary of the Interior and Mr. Kennedy to desist i
from their pertinacity in regard to this matter. • I
Sir, remarks have been made in which I feel a I
justification for saying a little more than I have t
heretofore said. I do say now, most emphatically, I
that there has been a very great wrong in regard !
to the whole matter of the Seventh Census. To
what extent has it run already? I hold in my
hand a report made by this individual himself, in
which he puts down the expenses incurred up to
the time when this report was made, or rather the
amount which had been appropriated up to that j
time, to the amount of $1,202,651 40. This, at I
that time, before the close of the last session, was
the aggregate of the appropriation; and now we
are asked to appropriate $25,000 more, and to do to
this gentleman the extraordinary kindness of re-
versing our oft-repeated decisions, and give him I
the $3,000 of which he has been so pertinaciously j
in pursuit, and which, in point of fact, he has got.
But this clause of the deficiency bill will do noth- '
ing more nor less than relieve the Secretary of the
Interior from the embarrassment which rests upon
him for committing an infraction of the law. That
is what it will do.
As the friends of this gentleman press matters,
I must say that he seems to be fond of money; he 1
likes money; and if he cannot get it fairly, accordr-
i S 'o the advice which was given by a father to
his son when he went forth into the world, he
gets it. The father's advice was, " Get money;
get it fairly if you can, but be sure to get money."
He seems to have acted upon this principle. I
see in the account of his expenses for his Euro-
pean trip these two charges: His fare from Wash-
ington to Liverpool, in England, is put down at i
$171 50. Then, again, on his return trip, ex- !,
penses from London to Birmingham, Liverpool, I
New York, and Washington, including thirteen
dollars for office books, $228 75.
Now, I will venture this atatement—and if it !
turns out to be wrong, it is both my nature and
my intention to take back what I say in regard to
it—that he cannot show a voucher for the pay-
ment of his passage money from New York to
Liverpool, nor for the payment of his passage
money from Liverpool back to New York. He
had a free passage, as I am informed, and yet there
is a charge in the expenses of his European trip
to the amount of $400. M r. Collins never charged
him a dollar for his passage, and he cannot show
a voucher for it, and yet it is in his account re-
turned here, and he asks it out of the Treasury of
the United States.
For what purpose was he sent to Europe ? He
was sent there to ransack all Europe; to do,accord-
ing to his instructions, what it would seem forty
men could not do in as many years. The Secre-
tary of the Interior told him he was not only to
get at the way in which they put their census in
tabular Uorm there, but he was to examine agri-
cultural pursuits, the means resorted to in order
to facilitate, extend, and improve the'r agriculture.
Look at the time he was away; look at the time
it took him to cross the ocean; look at the inter-
vals which occurred between his visits at different
places, and you will find that he could have done
nothing of the kind. He was running from place
to place; money was advanced to him from the
patent fund, nearly sufficient to break it down, to I
give him means to go there. Yet after all he comes
back and charges this Government with passage
money from New York to Liverpool, and from
Liverpool to New York, when, I again repeat, he
cannot show a voucher for it. Any that he may
have shown have been rejected.
This is the man for whom sympathy and pity
is asked. This is the man whose salary we are
asked to increase from $2,500 to $3,000 per year;
a man who has shown himself utterly incompe-
tent for his office. He has had the aid of from
one hundred and fifty to one hundred and ninety
i clerks, as was stated yesterday, to get up a pn-
vate history to be published by Lippincott, Gram-
bo & Co., or some other book publishers, as a
private speculation, to result to his own pecuniary
advantage, and to swell his own fortune. Now
$25,000 are asked to complete the census. In the j
name of all that is just and sacred, 1 ask if the I
number of clerks he has had ought not to have)
been sufficient to prepare all the matter which |
ought properly to be embraced in the census
and arrange it for publication long ago ? Yet
$1,202,651 40 have already been appropriated,
and $25,000 more are asked for it; and the Lord
only knows how much further we are to go. In
1840, when the census was taken, as was alleged, I
| to a paltry extent of minuteness, we know it was
made a subject of electioneering against Mr. Van
Buren, that he had gone into an enumeration of
the hens and chickens, ducks and geese, poultry
and butter of all the old women in the country.
Not only that, but I believe the number of clerks
employed upon that census did not exceed thir-
teen, yet that was made a matter of grave elec-
tioneering against Mr. Van Buren, and went to
swell the aggregate of the clamors against him, |
under which he sank at that day. But here, at
this time, we have furnished to Mr. Kennedy, this
immaculate Mr. Kennedy, who has such apropen- j
sityfor money, from one hundred and fifty to one
hundred and ninety clerks, and he has had them
from the time that the returns were made by the !
marshals in 1851, down to this time in 1853; yet !
he must have $25,000 more, have his clerks contin- i
ued and his salary increased from $2,500 to $3,000 '
per year. It seems to me to be an anomaly and :
an outrage. I
I might, if I had time to scan these accounts, I
show much more which would'lead the Senate to I
suspect the peculation of this man, but I have not 1
the time to do it. In a court of justice, when it is
made manifest that even one item of a party's ac-
count is fraudulent and unjust, it is sufficient to
stain the whole with suspicion, and the court looks
upon it in that light.
There are other matters which other gentlemen
may refer to here. I believe others possess inform-
ation authorizing them to refer to those matters,
and I wish they would state them. If I possessed
the information, I would do so. I believe it ought
to be done. I shall, however, leave it for others
to state those matters. But the friends of this
man had better not press his immaculate charac- j
ter before the Senate. If they do; my impression
is that the Senate will be informed, in due time,
that all this money has not gone for the benefit of
the people in getting up their census. I wish I
could feel authorized to say more. I have felt
authorized to say as much as 1 have said, and I
think I shall very soon produce the proof of the
important matters to which 1 allude.
A Senator. All that you have stated is true.
Mr. WALKER. I have no doubt that it is
true. One of the purest officers in this Govern-
ment has followed it up, and it has turned out to
be true.
Mr. RUSK. I shall vote for this amendment,
because the provision as it stands in the bill con-
tains two very bad and loose principles of legisla-
tion. In the first place, it increases the salary of
an officer upon a deficiency bill. It is therefore
introduced in a bad place. Then it contains a
new and dangerous principle, and a mischievous
one, of going back to make the increase of the
salary reach over several years past. If you do
that in one case, you may have to do it constantly.
There will be continual efforts made to increase
the salaries of officers who have had only small
ones, and to make the increase have a retroactive
effect. 1 think it is a bad principle, and shall
therefore vote for striking out the provision.
Mr. DAVIS. I wish to say a few words in re-
ply to some remarks which have fallen from the
Senator from Louisiana. He said that this was
a very small matter, and had occupied more of the
time and attention of the Senate than any matter
of the same magnitude within his knowledge. He
said, also, that it is simply a proposition to in-
crease a salary from $2,500 to $3,000 a year.
Sir, he has just been informed by the Senator
from South Carolina [Mr. Butler] that it is not
the increase t>f salary by the sum of $500 which is
objected to; it is the manner of obtaining it, and
that is not a small matter. The Senator says that
it occupies the time of the Senate, and that it will
cost more to the Government by the time spent in
discussing it, tenfold over, than it is worth. I
would ask the Senator who it is that brings it
here?
Mr. DOWNS. The Senator from Massachu-
setts brought it here first.
Mr. DAVIS. It has been brought here on
every occasion by this Mr. Kennedy, in his im-
portunities for this increase of salary. I think
the Senate generally will bear me out in that state-
ment. This gentleman came to the committee of
which the Senator from Louisiana was a mem-
ber, to get an increase of salary. He got an
amendment of the law, in a way which, as pointed
out by the Senator from South Carolina, there
was authority given to take both the salaries, of
Superintendent of the Census Board $3,000, and
superintending clerk $2,500, if there was any
authority at all. Then, to be sure, the Senator
from Massachusetts asked to have that corrected,
as such was not the purpose of the Senate, and
it was corrected by an explanatory resolution,
limiting the pay of Kennedy to $2,500. But the
action, in the first place, grew out of his applica-
tion. All the time spent and the money expend-
ed, on this subject, have grown out of the appli-
cation of this gentleman to obtain a little more
money. It is to the mode of reaching this object
that 1 object, and complain of. And now, sir, I
hope I may be permitted to occupy a few mo-
ments with a view to advert to the facts connected
with the means which have been employed to in-
crease the pay of this gentleman. Heapplied fora
salary of $3,000, when the law of 1850 was passed.
But Congress fixed the salary at $2,500 a year, in
the most express terms.
Mr. DOWNS. Will the honorable Senator
state if Mr. Kennedy has ever demanded the two
salaries ?
Mr. DAVIS. No, sir; I do not state that.
Mr. DOWNS. On the contrary, has he not
disclaimed any such intention ?
Mr. DAVIS. I shall state the facts. I say he
failed in the law of 1850 to get the amount of
money he desired as salary. He still accepted
the clerkship provided for in the bill of 1850, he
being at the time Secretary of the Census Board.
I need not go over that ground; but he went on
and jeceived the salary under that act, for several
quarters, I do not remember how long, and it is
not very material, when the idea came over his
mind all at once that he was still Secretary of the
Census Board, and was entitled to pay in the two
