THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
32d Congress, 2d Session.
WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 16, 1853.
New Series No. 41.
offices. An order was issued by the present Sec-
retary of the Interior to pay to Kennedy a salary
of $3,000 out of the two offices. The amount paid
was $3,000, but it was made up out of the two
offices. That was paid. By and by, the amounts
where it was allowed, reached the Comptroller, |
who is required, as all other officers are, to grant I
no money out of the Treasury without warrant of
law. He said he did not consider the order of the
Secretary of the Treasury a law imperative upon
him, and he went into the matter to ascertiain
whether there was any law. He found there was
none authorizing him to allow the additional $500.
All that he found was the order of the Secretary
of the Interior. He therefore declined paying it.
There the matter stood, until Mr. Kennedy came to
theCommitteeon the Judiciary,of which theSena-
tor [Mr. Downs] is chairman, and prevailed upon
it to recommend an amendment to the law of 1850—
to strike out a portion of this law and put in other
words which were designed, as far as they had
any meaning in them, to cover the salary allowed
to the Secretary of the Census Board.
I showed, on a former occasion, that the duties
of that Board were limited to preliminary measures
necessary to take the census; that it was appointed
for that purpose, and the only duty under the act
of 1850, which remained to them after the act of
1850 was passed, was to finish the printing of the
preparatory papers. This money was claimed and
ordered to be paid to Mr. Kennedy, not only after
all the preparatory papers had been printed and
used, but after the census had been taken and the
returns made. One very extraordinary feature in
this case is, that there are certificates of gentlemen
of great respectability, saying that the Census
Board still continued in existence after the taking
of the census was complete in itself and finished,
although the law reads in terms as plain as lan-
guage can make it, that the duty of it, remaining
after the law of 1850 was enforced, was only to
complete the printing of the preliminary papers.
In this state of things the amendment of the Sen-
ator [Mr. Downs] passed through both Houses
of Congress, modifying the law so as, in the judg-
ment of the Senator from South Carolina, [Mr.
Butler,] to allow both salaries. Then the ex-
planatory resolution, brought in by me, passed,
saying that it was not the intention of the Senate
or House to grant the $3,000, or to grant the two
salaries in any form. The resolution is explicit
on that subject. It passed this body, after a very
full discussion, by a large majority, and it passed
the House, I think, without opposition.
I wish to call the attention of the Senator from
Louisiana—for I know he desires to be right on
the subject—to one fact which was proved when
this subject was up before; and 1 will give him the
name of the witness if he chooses, a disbursing
agent of the Government, that when Mr. Ken-
nedy claimed the $3,000, he said he would still
consider the subject whether he should take the
two salaries or not; that he would hold that as a
•matter under consideration. What his purpose
was I do not know, and I do not undertake to say,
but that is the statement of the witness, and it
stands uncontradicted. After this resolution had
passed through here and gone to the other House,
it failed to be acted upon there during the last ses-
sion. And here I wish to call the attention of the
Senate to another important fact. My information
of the subsequent transactions is this: that after
Congress had adjourned and separated, the Sec-
retary of the Interior ordered that this clerk's sal-
ary should be made up from the time he entered
into the office, at the rate of $3,000 a year, not-
withstanding the pendency of that resolution, de-
claring that no such thing was intended. That
order was sent to the disbursing officer, who said,
" I can only disburse money under the authority
of law, and I know, Mr. Secretary of the Interior,
of no law which authorizes me to pay this."
And, sir, he learned a lesson instructive to all
who venture to maintain their integrity and hon-
etty. He was removed from his clerkship—a man
that had been a clerk under the Government for
•odm twenty years was removed because he hon-
41
estly thought there was no law authorizing the
disbursement of that sum of money. Of course
a man was appointed to his place who yielded
obedience to the Secretary of the Interior, and paid
the money.
Now, let me state to the Senator from Louisiana
another thing, and I think he cannot fail to concur
with me. This very movement here is to cover
that payment. This provision in the bill is de- 1
signed and intended to cover and legalize this pay-
ment ordered by the Secretary. That is the ob-
ject of it. I say to the Senator from Louisiana,
that I object to the manner, to the blind ways
which are employed to obtain the money. If this
gentleman had come forward and honestly and
fairly stated that his salary was inadequate to sus-
tain and support him reputably, and asked an in-
crease of salary in so many words, he would have
presented a plain proposition which we could act
upon; but instead of that, he has come forward
with one proposition after another in a circuitous
way, and now, instead of asking for an increase
of the salary allowed to him, he is to be paid at
the rate of $3,000, from what time? Why, sir,
from the time when he ceased to be Secretary of
the Census Board down to this time.
Now, Mr. President, it was stated last August,
when the joint resolution was passed, that the
Census Board was then in existence, and that
Kennedy was the Secretary of the Board, and
that the Department acted in making the payment
to him on that assumption. But the moment you
pass this law, it will change the whule state of
things, and he will claim that he was Secretary to
the Census Board only up to the time when he took
the clerkship of Superintendent of the Census.
The certificates of heads of Departments will then
vanish before the other evidence. If this is a de-
batable question, and it certainly has been debated,
why should not the salary be fixed by a determin-
ate limitation? If it be really intended to give
him $3,000, or $5,000, or any other sum, why
should it not be fixed specifically, instead of re-
verting to that old disputed matter, the Census
Board, and thus raise another dispute whether it
is in existence? I again repeat, it is the manner,
it is the way in which Congress is approached,
| that I complain of, and I am ready to add to that,
I that I do not think the man merits the increase,
j The Senator from Louisiana has intimated that
I have some bias on my mind; that I am influ-
enced by some considerations extraneous to this
subject. Well, sir, take the facts as I give them,
and I am willing to leave the world to judge
where the bias lies—whether in him who advo-
cates or him who opposes the allowance. I leave
it to the judgment of the country, in view of the
facts, whether there is not enough to justify oppo-
sition to these claims without supposing any influ-
ence of bias or prejudice to be a governing motive.
1 think that instead of there being anything for
the public to censure in the action of those who
oppose this allowance, it might be fairly submitted
to the country to say in whose mind the bias lies,
whether in him who supports or opposes it. But
having done what I deem to be my duty, I feel
indifferent about this matter; I care very little
about it. I care very little what course it takes
or what it comes to. But I have some self-respect.
I have witnessed the course of this gentleman; I
have seen the kind of language he employed with
regard to the Select Committee raised by this
body, of which my friend from Delaware [Mr.
Bayard] was chairman, and who made a report—
an elaborate and able report upon this subject.
Well, sir, it so happened that I had little knowl-
edge of that report. I had no opportunity to read
or hear it. But I ask the Senator from Louisiana
to read a criticism made upon that report by Ken-
nedy, and then decide whether it is proper for a
gentleman in his position to make the remarks
which were made upon the report of the Senator
| from Delaware, and then bring it here and lay it
i on the table of Senators—remarks which were
i rude and censorious in their character.
! Then this gentleman has done other things, I
I think. If h* is not instrumental in publishing
calumny after calumny in the press, upon those
gentlemen who have opposed his wishes, I know
not who gets up these libels. But this I knpw,
and I inform the Senator from Louisiana, very
slanderous reports have been published in regard
to the gentlemen who sit around him, as well as
in regard to myself, and in relation to this very
matter. We have been charged with misrepre-
sentation, when I have studiously avoided intro-
ducing anything but facts, as the remarks which I
made on a former occasion when this subject was
up will prove. I limited all my opinions to the
facts contained upon the record, and scarcely did
| more than state them in their order. There was
no misrepresentation on my part. But there has
been a studious effort made to get up a false
issue, to hold out members in false colors to the
country. This is an old trick, and in this case
has not succeeded. Enough has been done by
Mr. Kennedy to authorize all that has been said,
and all the votes given, without supposing the
existence of prejudice. There is no occasion to
take shelter under any such plea, since there is
no foundation for it. Mr. Kennedy has enough to
do to explain the facts, and this hcw:l! be held to.
I have seen his course from the time l.e first came
here, and although I hope the census will come
out of his hands worth something to the country,
and I believe it will, still I do not think he will be
entitled to the credit of it. It is the vast sum of
money which you have expended. It is the em-
ployment of other talent and other men that are
, competent for the work without being sent abroad
: to be educated. If I chose, I could go into the in-
1 cipient history of this matter, and show how he
treated men of character and standing who were
l employed by this Census Board to draught the
I tables and sketch out the plans and schemes for
i taking the census. This would be an instructive
I lesson, but I shall forbear to occupy the attention
II of the Senate with it.
• Mr. HUNTER. I hope we shall have a vote
upon this question, and not expend any more time
in the dissection of the character of this individual.
It is obvious that this debate will run to a great
length unless it is stopped. I hope we may be
permitted to come to a vote upon the question.
Mr. DOWNS. I hope the Senator will not in-
terpose in a matter in which I have some personal
concern. Mr. President, I regret very much to
1 prolong the debate, but I must say a few words
i on account of the extraordinary part taken by the
, Senator from Massachusetts. As to his bias on
this subject, I shall say not one word more; ex-
ij cept that if his speech, which he has now deliv-
: j ered, does not imply a little leaning that way, I
' j am sure nothing that I could say would show it.
| As to the attack made by Mr. Kennedy on the
i Senator from Delaware, and other Democrats who
sit around me, I suppose if they are seriously as-
sailed by Mr. Kennedy they can defend them-
selves, without the aid of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts.
Of the history of this affair, of which the Sen-
1 ator from Masachusetts has spoken, I will give
[ my relation. It is this: When the bill was before
j the Judiciary Committee, and certain amendments
were being made as to the census, and the man-
ner of ascertaining the votes ofthe different States,
; an application was made by Mr. Kennedy to the
! committee, not for an increase of salary, as the
: gentleman says; not to make a provision author-
l izing a double salary, or any increase of salary
' at all; but only this: under the construction given
by the Secretary of the Interior to the two laws,
his accounts to a certain time had been paid at
, the rate of $3,000. The Comptroller of the Treas-
; ury thought that was wrong, and therefore there
was a difference of opinion between two public
officers as to the question whether $2,500 or $3,000
should be paid. He explained the matter to me.
I I, and a majority of the committee, thought that it
j was reasonable and fair, and that the ordinary way
| of removing a doubt was to express such words
; in the bill as Would authorize the payment of
I $3,000 in future, in accordance with the opinion
i I of the Secretary of the Interior. That bill was
