1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
643
of their advocates. I say the Senator from Vir-
ginia is bound to persevere with his motion. This
till is one of the indispensable measures of Gov- ,
ernment, and it does seem to me that good faith
requires the Senate to attend to it.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I am one of the last
members of this body, I trust, who would refuse
to extend an act of courtesy to the Senator from
Virginia, [Mr. Hunter,] either as a Senator or
as chairman of the Committee on Finance. 1 ad-
mire his industry and praiseworthy efforts to get
through the regular appropriation bills; and when-
ever 1 can do it without a sacrifice of measures of
paramount interest to the whole country, and es-
pecially to those who I in part represent, I never
fail by my vote to sustain him. But the present
case is one in which I cannot do so. Now, there
is a great question to be decided by the Senate of
the United States; a question of no less magni-
tude than that of connecting the Mississippi val-
ley with the Pacific sea-board by means of a rail-
way communication; and I say to my friend from
Texas [Mr. Rusk] that I will back and sustain
him unto the end,"and to the exclusion and death if
it be necessary of the appropriation bills and every
other bill, so far as my vote goes. I know that no
measure of such transcendent importance as the
one to which I allude, can ever be passed through
this body without a long and a hard battle, in
which, as an humble follower of the Senator from
Texas, I am willing to perform my part. j
One of the occasions upon which the Senate !
laid aside the regular appropriation bill to which
the Senator from South Carolina [Mr. Butler]
refers, I remember well. The bill was the river
and harbor bill, which passed at the last session,
and 1 was the Senator who made the issue with
the Senator from Virginia as to whether the reg-
ular appropriation bills or the river and harbor
bill should be considered. The Senate decided in
favor of my motion, and thus saved the river and
harbor bill, and the appropriation bills passing
as a matter of course. That was a crisis in the
fate of the bill of the last session, to which I al-
lude, and this is a most critical time in the prog-
ress of the pacific road bill. I trust that its
friends will stand firm. We can only succeed
by a hard fight, and I call upon the supporters of
the great railroad bill to sustain the motion of the
Senator from Texas, and to show by their votes
that we do not intend that our great measure shall
be overslaughed or lost.
Mr. HAMLIN. The Senator from Texas says
his motion to postpone is to be a test vote. I have
voted to sustain the railroad proposition from the
commencement. I am in favor of the object in-
tended to be accomplished by that bill, though I
do not say now whether I shall vote for his bill;
but on this occasion, I shall vote with the Sena-
tor from Virginia.
Mr. DOWNS. I wish to state very briefly j
the reason for my vote. I am an advocate of some
bill providing for a railroad to the Pacific, but
there are other important matters before the Sen-
ate besides that. I think it is important that the
appropriation bills should be disposed of. We
should go on with this bill as fast as we can. But
in addition to that, there is one circumstance which
the Senater from Texas seems to have forgotten;
and that is, that even if the deficiency bill is laid
over, there is another subject that has the prefer-
ence this morning over the railroad bill, in which
some Senators take as much interest as he or any-
body else can take in the railroad bill. I allude to
the subject of the Tehuantepec grant. Therefore, 1
if this bill is postponed, I shall insist upon taking
thatupastheunfinished business. I think that if we
go on half or three quarters of an hour longer, we
may dispose of the deficiency bill and proceed reg-
ularly. Therefore I shall vote against themotion,
though I am friendly to the Pacific railroad.
Mr. RUSK. The Senator from Louisiana is
mistaken and not the Senator from Texas. The
Pacific railroad bill is the first special order.
Mr. DOWNS. I suppose the Tehuantepec ,|
matter has the preference, as the unfinished bus-
iness. |
Mr. BORLAND. I shall be compelled to vote
for the motion of the Senator from Texas, though j
I agree with the Senator from Virginia that it is 1
important to pass the appropriation bills. I think
the Senator from Iowa has put this matter on its
true ground. The railroad bill is a subject of too I j
much importance to be passed by for anything, S i
! and this, as he says, is a crisis in its fate, which
our action in relation to it will determine. I think
the vote to-day upon this proposition will deter-
mine the question, whether we are to take any
measure during this session for the railroad. Look-
ing upon it as the most important question which
has been presented, and is now pending here, I
shall vote for the motion to postpone, and shall
vote to take it up to the exclusion of everything,
and if it become necessary, I will vote to exclude
everything until it is disposed of.
J The yeas and nays were ordered on the motion
; to postpone, and being taken, resulted—yeas 23,
nays 25; as follows.:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Bell, Borland, Bradbury,
Chase, Clarke, Davis, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodgeof Iowa,
Douglas, Geyer, Gwin, James, Jones ot' Iowa, Jones of
Tennessee, Pratt, Rusk, Sebastian, Smith, Sumner, Un-
derwood, Wade, and Walker—23.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Bayard, Bright, Brodhead,
Brooke, Butler, Cooper, Dawson, De Saussure, Downs,
Felcli, Fitzpatrick, Hale, Hamlin, Hunter, Mallory, Mason,
Miller, Norris, Pettit, Phelps, Seward, Soul£, Spruance,
and T^iicev—25.
So the motion was rejected.
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. President, I am very
reluctant to rise in the Senate when there is so
much anxiety about the promotion of different
measures in this body, and if I did notthink it-was
my duty, in my plain way, to support the amend-
ment proposed by the honorable Senator from
Wisconsin, I should make no remark. But, sir,
I do not think it the policy of the Government to
| increase salaries disproportionate to the duties to be
I performed by the officer, and particularly when that
officer has no claims to consideration which en-
title him to a just and favorable consideration of
this body. I do not think, on the present occa-
sion, that the gentleman at the head of the Census
, Bureau has, even by his mission to Europe, com-
mended himself and the mission to the favorable
consideration of this body.
Sir, I find in the history of this transaction little
' to commend, and if I were disposed to be a little
rigid, 1 should say I find much more to censure
j than to commend. It appears that prior to the
j great World's Fair in London, it was projected
by the Census Board that the Department of the
Interior, I suppose, should, for the first time, be
: represented in Europe. Mr. Kennedy was se-
lected as the delegate for that purpose. The Board
recommended it, but there was no law appropri-
ating the money that would be necessary to carry
out that purpose. Mr. Kennedy made applica-
tion to the First Comptroller of the Treasury for a
warrant for $2,500 to pay his expenses; but that
officer peremptorily refused, and the gentleman
disappeared, although he said he had the authority
of the Secretary of the Interior, but not in writing.
Yes, sir, he disappeared, and was not again seen
by the Comptroller of the Treasury until after he
had performed his important mission. It appears,
though, that instead of receiving the money at
; the Treasury, by the express order of the Sec-
| retary of the Interior, Mr. Williamson, disburs-
ing clerk of the Department of the Interior, was
ordered to pay him $1,750, for the expenses of
his journey to London and throughout Europe.
On his return he presented himself at the Comp-
troller's Office, presenting, not, the Secretary says
in his communication, vouchers strictly to be con-
sidered as vouchers, but a memorandum of the
bills of his expenses at the various points at which
he touched; but Mr. Kennedy's account was not
passed to his credit. It was objected to, and what
was the consequence? Why,Mr. Kennedy prom-
ised that he would get vouchers. The gentleman
whois the FirstComptrolleroftheTreasury, weall
know, is a little pertinacious and particular about
the adjustment of accounts. He likes immensely
to have vouchers for all he does, that he may be
backed up. Well, sir, in these times of general 1
carelessness, to say the least of it, I think it is
very well to have a remembrancer now and then
to assist a man—I grant it is unfashionable, but j
that does not lessen the necessity of good vouch-
ers. Hedid not pass Mr:.Kenne<ly's accounts; but
Mr. Kennedy had received the money by order of
Mr. Stuart, the Secretary of the Interior, without
law or authority of any kind. He received iton
the mere dictum of Mr. Stuart, and Mr. Kennedy
had the money in his pocket. He was independ-
ent of the Comptroller, but the Comptroller went
on to make his calculations; he called upon Mr. j
Kennedy for his vouchers, and Mr. Kennedy said I
he could procure them, and that he would do so.
That was perhaps early in April—I do not know
exactly the time—but several months after no
voucher was furnished. In August there was
none. The Comptroller, so Argus-eyed as he is,
and such a bug-bear and terror to honest men, no
doubt, sometimes.—I do not know how often—
thought he would start upon the hunt himself, and
he set out. There were two little items at the out-
set for expenses to the great fair of nations. One
item was for expenses from here to London. That
headed the account. It was concluded by an item
embracing all the charges from London to Wash-
ington city again. That concluded the account.
There were no vouchers for these charges. The
Comptroller wanted them, but hecould not obtain
j them; so he wrote to Mr. Collins, as it was on
| board of one of Mr. Collins's gallant steamships
| that Mr. Kennedy visited Europe, and I think he
returned in the same vessel, or in another one of
that line. He wrote to Mr. Collins, to know
whether that gentleman could furnish a voucher
for the passage of Mr. Kennedy to the World's
Fair and back again. Mr. Collins, by his reply,
said, " No, I cannot furnish any vouchers for the
expenses incurred, because he incurred no expense.
Mr. Kennedy was not charged. I made an ar-
rangement with the Post Office Department to
settle it. I understood he was going on the busi-
ness of the Department, and of course it was
credited." But, sir, what does Mr. Kennedy say
about this? How consistent is he now? We
must all agree that he paid nothing, or Mr. Collins
tells a story, and I do not believe he does; he has
no motive to do so.
Mr. Kennedy says:
" I certify that the above amount of $1,469 76 was ne-
cessarily expended during my journey, and falls short of
my actual outlay."
He has not sworn to that, but he has " certi-
fied," and that may, in that particular office, be
considered a good voucher; but it was not so con-
sidered in the Comptroller's Office. The Comp-
troller got information as to the amount necessary
to be expended by inquiring of other gentlemen.
There was a Mr. Mason, who visited the World's
Fair, and traversed a gi eater portion of Europe
than even Mr. Kennedy in his statistical tour,
and the expenses of Mr. Mason only amounted
to about §800. There was also a Mr. Newton,
whose travels were very little short of Mr. Ken-
nedy's, and his expenses were only a little up-
wards of $600. Mr. Kennedy certifies to this as
a fact; and if it is not true, what attitude does he
now present before the world, and what has he
presented before the Comptroller?
It was required, by a resolution passed by the
Senate on the 9th of August last, and amended by
a subsequent resolution passed on the 17th, and
sent to the Department, that we should have some
information on this subject. That resolution was
answered on the 24th of August, by Mr. Secretary
Stuart, of the Department of the Interior. What
does he say ? Why, sir, in the very first sentence
or paragraph of the report, he says what is not
supported by the facts of the case. Here is what
he says:
" Sir: In reply to the resolution of the Senate of the
9th instant, modified by that of the 17th instant, I have the
honor to communicate a report from the Superintendent
of the Census, with sundry papers connected therewith,
which I believe will furnish all the information called for
by those resolutions."
That is a sweeping belief of his. Now, how
far is he sustained in it by the facts? He had
called upon the First Comptroller; the First Comp-
troller had furnished him an abstract of the vouch-
ers which he was called upon to furnish by the
resolution of the Senate. The abstract of these
vouchers embrace some twenty items, amounting
from $70 up to $200. Instead of giving the items
that would have imparted to the Senate the inform-
ation desired, he took them altogether, retaining
a knowledge of them in his office, and says he be-
lieves that is all the information the Senate wants
or requires by their resolution. He knew that
the information desired by the Senate was par-
ticular information, that they might judge of the
character of the accounts, and the items charged
in the accounts. Has he believed this, or has he
known one thing and asserted another? This is a
very novel thing indeed. 1 will just give you a
short sketch of the facts, as given in the abstract
of the vouchers handed to the First Comptroller of
the Treasury:
