644
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 10,
At the hotel in Calais, C. Restarman's bill in
part:
Ditto, for five persona to 6th August, 1851 16(1 17c.
Ditto, m i'aris lOf. 90c.
Then, in another place, instead of five persons,
the charge is for six. Why, sir, such a retinue
of Americans has'not passed in all our missions
to Europe. Our envoys extraordinary are seldom
accompanied by more than a secretary or two,and
perhaps one or two young gentlemen on their
travels, whose fathers have ample means to send
and sustain them abroad. And that this envoy
extraordinary of the Department of the Interior of
this Government should go oil such a mission, ac-
companied by such a large retinue, and have such
accounts allowed without law, without the sanc-
tion of law, and without precedent, is a matter to
be wondered at. But we find its solution, ac-
cording to one honorable gentleman who has spo-
ken, and I believe he spoke the truth, in the just
construction of the bill which was not a law, but
which very nearly became a law. It passed one
House and not the other; yet the Secretary chose
to recognize it as a law. Sir, we have again no
less than an Alexander, with his sword, to cut the
Gordian knot, when it interposes obstructions to
the exercise of his will, and to his grand schemes
of reformation. This is a second Gordian knot.
Alexander the Great cut the first, and Alexander
H. H., I suppose cuts the second.
Mr. DAWSON. I hope my honorable friend
from Texas will give me permission to say a word.
I am very sure, from his manliness of character,
that he wOuld not design to do an injury to an
officer by repeating an assertion which has been
often made on this floor, but which has been as
often corrected. It is now alleged that Mr. Kenne-
dy in his accounts, charged the Government for a
retinue, for the six persons who accompanied him.
That was not the fact. The subject has been
before us previous to this time, I presume in the
absence of the Senator from Texas, or he would
know the facts. This was a voucher for the pay-
ment made for all, but only the proportion which
was incurred in the payment of Mr. Kennedy's
individual expenses was charged in his account.
That voucher was sent in because it was the only
evidence of the payment, and it covered the six
persons; but Mr. Kennedy only claimed for his 1
individual expenses, and anything more has never
been allowed by the Government, and has never !
been claimed by Mr. Kennedy.
Mr. HOUSTON. I stand corrected if I am
wrong.
Mr. DAWSON. Certainly, you are wrong,
and it was corrected twelve months ago.
Mr. HOUSTON. But how comes it, that
when he changed those pounds and francs into
the currency of the United States, the amount was
$1,469 76? That is the amount exhibited at the
Comptroller's Office, and it corresponds with the
exhibit made here in the Secretary of the Interi-
or's reply. That is the footing up of the items on
the abstract of the vouchers, furnished the Comp-
troller. It must'be that the sum of $1,469 76 is the ;
amount charged here, thrown into our currency, '
and it corresponds with the amount in the report
to which I have alluded, and which I have before
me. Now, how Mr. Kennedy, when he took the
round sum as charged, made up of these items, ,
could have arranged it and subdivided it, and ap-
portioned it according to the indebtedness of each
party and the interest of each in the expenses,
and then go and exhibit the whole at the Treas-
ury, I cannot see, unless he was to receive the
amount that went for the expenses of the whole.
I do not understand it. The Secretary of the In-
terior very ingeniously touches upon that subject
in the outset of his report, but he aoes not account
for the large amount. The Secretary says:
" It will be perceived thai he [Mr. Kennedy] was direct-
ed to keep an accurate account of the expenses he might
actually and necessarily incur—which were to be allowed
to him ; but he was to receive no other or further compen-
sation than he would have received if he had remained at
Washington."
Now, the question arises, did Mr. Stuart ap-
Srove of these sums as shown in the abstract of '
Ir. Kennedy, nearly double the amount of what i
a larger quantity of travel in Europe at the same
time cost other parties? Did Mr. Stuart approve
the charge for passage money in the steamers,
when none was actually paid ? Yet he retained
him in office, and allowed him over $1,400 under I
; his certificate, which I have read. There is a
mistake somewhere, I have no doubt. Perhaps !
■ there is nobody to divide that responsibility with
1 him. It is merely the money they are willing to
divide, and not the responsibility of that certificate.
I would not envy them the full enjoyment of it.
But Mr. Stuart goes on: _
"It was not expected that'Mr. Kennedy would be able
to furnish exact vouchers for all his expenditures; for, Irom
their nature, it was known that it would be impracticable
to do so.''
How did the Secretary know this beforehand ?
It seems to me there could have been nothing more
practicable or practical on earth than to take vouch-
ers for his expenses; for if he stopped at hotels ,
of any character—which of course he did—there |
would always be clerical gentlemen there ready to
make out his bills and furnish him with a receipt, ,
and that would be a good voucher. Could he not
take receipts for money paid for tickets at railroad
depots? What difficulty was there in that? And
yet the Secretary, according to the plan he has
laid down for disbursements in his office, kjjew it
would be impossible, and said it could not be ex-
pected. It ought not to be expected of that De-
partment, I grant you, or of any one connected
with it, judging from some little inklings I have
had of it. The Secretary goes on, " for the satis-
faction of the Comptroller, however;"—only for
the satisfaction of the Comptroller ! The object
was not to do business in a proper and exact man-
ner, as it ought to be done in every Department
of this Government in the disbursement of money,
but for the satisfaction of that Argus that watches
over the Treasury—that terror to evil-doers, and
blessing to those who do well—the Comptroller:
"Mr. Kennedy placed in his possession, as I have been
informed, such papers as he had procured, exhibiting the
justice of his charges. These papers were not presented as
vouchers in the technical sense of the term, but merely as
collateral evidence."
How beautifully he glosses this over; what ex-
quisite rhetoric that is for the occasion; what an
elegant glossary he could write of present transac-
tions which are going on even about this Capitol!
Mr. Secretary Stuart continues:
" In many instances Mr. Kennedy was traveling in com-
, pany with other persons."
Why did not he send in his bills to show the
' sufficiency of the information contained in the re-
port? Ah! it would be glanced over, whereas if
it were stated in this indirect manner, it might not
be noticed. "And the bills were made out for
their joint expenditures." Would it not have been
j just as easy to have made them out for their sep-
I arate expenditures ? The clerks employed in mag-
i nificent railway depots and hotels are paid for at-
| tending to each individual. They do not expect
that people will travel with such splendid retinues;
and they do not always accommodate individuals
as well as gentlemen who go out on these missions
of exploration. "And in order to arrive at the
' true amount of his charges against the Govern-
' ment, it is necessary to ascertain his proportion-
'able part of them." But has he done it? The
whole amounts to $1,469 76. Mr. Kennedy did
not come in with his proportion of one fifth or one ,
sixth of that, but he comes forward with the whole I
amount, and tacks on some three or four hundred
dollars extra. Do you think the Secretary of the '
, Interior did not know this when he made this re-
port? I think he did. But he continues: I
"In no case, however, was anything claimed by Mr. Ken-
nedy except lor his individual personal expenses, which
are stated to have been for the entire trip, $l,46y 76."
That is the whole amount. What would be his
proportion of that, is the question which arises.
The Secretary does not touch this. But he con-
; tinues:
"It la proper to remark, in conclusion, that the leading
: facts above detailed were presented to Congress at the
, commencement of iis present session, in my annual report
[ which accompanied the message of the President, as will
' be seen from the following extract therefrom:
j "' Being desirous that this great national work should be
j 1 rendered as perfect as possible in all respects, by the ad- 1
1 ' vice of the Census Board, I authorized Mr. Joseph C. G.
i ' Kennedy, the Superintendent of the Census, to visit Eu-
( rope during the past summer for the purpose of examining
'the systems of statistics of most of the enlightened nations
(of the world.'"
Then, after going on to describe the great im-
portance of this investigation, the Secretary adds:
" Mr. Kennedy was directed to inquire into the measures
which had been adopted by the most enlightened nations ,
of Europe for the development of their agriaultural re- 1
sources, and the agencies employed by them respectively
for that purpose.
"Upon all these points the report, which accompanies
this communication, will afford much valuable informa-
tion."
It is a short report, but no doubt contaii smuch
in little.
" The whole expense incurred by him in the performance
of these important duties did not exceed §1,51)0, being no
more than his actual personal expenses."
And this is given under the hand of "Alex-
ander H. H. Stuart;" Alexander being the first
name.
When we lodk to Mr. Kennedy's statement of
his expenses, we find the first item to be one for
his traveling expenses from Washington to Liv-
erpool, $171 50. Now, Mr. Collins says that
Mr. Kennedy did not pay one cent for passage
in his steamers. Mr. Kennedy certifies that he
did pay; Mr. Collins avers that he did not, and
Mr. Whittlesey does not think he did. [Laughter.]
The last item in his account is, " Expenses from
London to Birmingham, Liverpool, New York,
and Washington, including thirteen dollars for
books for office." What is the use of that?
Could we not have had this magnificent charge,
and could not Mr. Kennedy have got there with-
out making a display to the whole world associa-
ted with this grand mission ? As you multiply
the points or objects around a great magnificent
one they detract from the grandeur of that one,
and divert the mind from the contemplation of its
splendor. I object to such insignificant things
coming in contrast with this magnificent design.
[Laughter.] The expenses, it seems, from London
to Washington, according to the statement <5f Mr.
Kennedy, were $228 75; not one dime, not one
mill of which had been paid; yet appended to this
statement is:
"I certify that the above amount of $1,469 76 was
necessarily expended during mv jnurnev, and falls short of
my actual outlay. JOSEPH C. G. KENNEDY"."
And this is approved by the Secretary of the
Interior. Mr. Collins averred that the payment
was not made, and Mr. Whittlesey rejected the
account because there was fraud upon the face of
it. I will vote for no increase of salary under
such circumstances.
The amendment of Mr. Walker was agreed
to.
Mr. HUNTER. I have an amendment which
is made necessary by the passage by the House,
yesterday, of the bill of the Senate in regard to
silver coinage. I offer it as an additional section,
to come in after that section which provides for
the assay office in California :
Sec. - ■ be it further enacted, That when the
gold or silver shall be cast or foimed into bars, or ingots, or
disks, no pieces as aforesaid shall lie ca=t or formed of a
less weight than five ounces, utlless they be of standard
fineness, and the charge for casting or forming said bars,
ingots, or disks, shall not exceed the expense of executing •
the operation to be regulated from time to time bv the Sec-
retary of the Treasury ; and the Secretary of the" Treasury
is hereby authorized to regulate the size and the device of
the new silver coin authorized l>v an act entitled " An act
amendatory of existing laws relative to the half dollar*
quarter dollars, dimes, and half dimes."
The amendment is made necessary by the ac-
tion of the House, who, in order to dispose of the
bill mentioned in the amendment, passed it just
as we sent it to them, under the operation of the
previous question. This is to incorporate two
amendments, which were reported by the Com-
mittee on Ways and Means, and which are prop-
er in themselves.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. In order that the amendment
relative to the assay office, already adopted, may
correspond with that, I move to strike out the
following proviso :
" Provided, That no bar, ingot, or disk, cast in the said
asBay establishment shall be less in weight than three
ounces."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. I have an amendment to offer
according to an estimate which has come to us
from the House. It is for compensation to the
Committee of the House, which sat in the recess
on the Gardiner claim. It is to insert:
" For compensation of members of the House of Repre-
sentatives for the year ending the 30th of June. 1853, in ad-
dition to the appropriations heretofore made $3,840."
Mr. BORLAND. I have an amendment to offer
to the Senate, to come in at the end of the appro-
priation for the extension of the Capitol. It is to
accomplish substantially the purpose which I had
in view yesterday, when I proposed to strike out
