646
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 16,
beyond the amount appropriated. That was
done to prevent any such thins as extravagance
beyond the authority of law, beyond what Con-
gress then was prepared to do. It was said at the
time that there was no power on the part of the
Executive, or any of the Departments or persons
employed by the Government, to exceed the ap-
propriation; that there was a limitation by law to
the exercise of their authority, and that it could
not be lawfully carried further, although such a
restriction were not put in the bill; yet for greater
caution, to make assurance doubly sure, this re-
striction was expressly put in, and it was a pos-
itive and express prohibition that the expenditures
upon the work should not exceed the appropria-
tion.
Then what have we before us in 'this very bill?
An appropriation of $400,000 for this work; not
for money to continue the work beyond what was
intended at the time we appropriated $500,000, at
the last session, but a deficiency of §400,000.
The regular appropriation for the work on the
Capitol is to be made in the general appropriation
bill, the provisions of which will go into opera-
lion on the first day of July next, the beginning
of the next fiscal year; but there is a deficiency of
£400,000 provided for in this bill, and for what'
To pay for work which has been done, or con-
tracted to be done, and now in progress, over and
above what Congress intended should be done,
and against which they entered upon the face of
the bill making an appropriation last year an
express prohibition. The Senator from Missis-
sippi, [Mr. Adams,] at the time that was done, of-
fered as an amendment a penal clause, making it
a penitentiary offense to exercise any such author-
ity without law, and especially in contravention
of that express prohibition. I thought then it
ought to be adopted, and I think so still; and here
we have proof that something of that sort was
necessary, because we have found that that pro-
hibition was disrejarded and violated to the ex-
tent of causing a deficiency of $400,000; nearly as
much as we then appropriated.
Then to come to the purpose which I now have
in view: it is not, as I said, an allegation which I
make against the Architect, or any one else, that
he or they have committed frauds; because if I 1
had intended to make such a charge, I should have
brought forward a resolution, or something of
that sort, in express terms, to show the fraud in
the transaction. But my object is simply to take
charge of the public money, and keep it in the |
Treasury until there is time to investigate and as- ]
certain the facts, and to show whether or not these
frauds have been perpetrated. This amendment
only suspends the work until the first of April,
hardly six weeks, during which time I suppose
the investigation can be made. It is to prevent I
the consummation of these fraudulent contracts, if
fraudulent they be. If we pay the money now
into the hands of the persons who have made
these contracts, of course they will consummate
them, and they will pay out the money. 1 simply
desire to suspend that and to prevent them doing
so, until we shall have had time to find out the
truth of the charges. Can they not wait till then ?
Are they so anxious for money that they should
press us now, when by getting possession of it a
fraud may be perpretrated, and by withholding it
a fraud may be prevented or avoided ?
I do not know what considerations may influ-
ence others, or what view of right or wrong they
may take; but taking my own sense of propriety
as the standard, I should say that if such impu-
tations as those alleged before the committee
rested upon me in the performance of public duty,
I could not be compelled to take any more money
into my possession to carry out to consummation
what was alleged to be a fraudulenttransaction on
my part. I should insist, and it seems to me if
these individuals are conscious of rectitude they
will insist, that the operation of this appropriation
shall be suspended until there is time to investi-
gate the matter. These are the reasons why I
think the amendment ought to be adopted.
Mr. COOPER. I do not rise for the purpose of
prolonging this discussion, but I desire to make a
remark or two upon it. In the firstplace, itstrikes
me as somewhat strange that an appropriation
should be made for this particular object in this i
bill, which is a deficiency bill, and that an amend- j
ment should be offered to restrain the expenditure j
of the appropriation until after the period of time i
when the expenditures under the bill about to be
passed will become operative. However, I am
not going to object to the amendment, and I only
rose to say, that I ani glad that all intention to cast
reflection upon the Architect has been disavowed
bylhe Senator from Arkansas. I am perfectly
satisfied that what he has said is just—that he would
not wish to make an imputation upon any man
without giving him an opportunity, and a full op-
portunity, of "vindicating himself. 1 will say that
if it turns out that these charges of fraudulent con-
duct shall be proved, my voice will never be raised
in defense of the individual.
Sir, we have heard enough to make us blush ■
for the manner in which the duties of public offi-
cers are discharged, if the facts which have been
stated upon this floor to day are true. We heard
it from a Senator from Texas, [Mr. Houston',]
who has had the subject in charge for the purpose
of investigating it, that an officer of this Govern-
ment has come forward and made charges upon
the Treasury for expenses which never were in-
curreii, and another officer of the Government
stood by ratifying and paying those charges thus
improperly made. I hope it will turn out that
some explanation of this subject can be made
that will discharge those gentlemen from the ob-
loquy under which they must live if these charges
are made good. I repeat that I shall never stand
by to defend any one, whether he chances to be
a constituent of mine or not, against malversa-
tions of the kind that have been referred to in the
ftourse of the discussion to-day. I only desire
that the Architect, who has hitherto borne an irre-
proachable character and a reputation above all
suspicion of dishonesty, may have a full and fair
opportunity to vindicate himself against all these
charges; and as the Senator from Arkansas has
declared that he does not impeach his character,
and that he does not wish to cast any imputation
upon him, that is enough. That suspends public
judgment until the time when the facts shall be
developed and made manifest.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN. I desire to offer the following
amendment:
For arrearages due to the Chief Clerk of the Bureau of
Construction, Equipment, and Repairs, on account of sal-
ary commencing with the fiscal year 1851, the sum of $600,
and Uiat the salary of the Chief Clerk of that Bureau shall
hereafter be $1,700 per annum.
A very few words will explain the nature of
that amendment. All the other clerks who are at
the head of bureaus have now, by law, the salary
which I propose to give to this clerk. Owing to
some inadvertence or design, I know not which,
when the estimates were furnished, they did not
place this clerk on the same footing with the others;
but Commodore Shubnck called the attention of
the Secretary of the Navy to the fact; and I hold
in my hand a letter of the Secretary, in which
he strongly recommends this appropriation. I
entirely coincide with the recommendation of the
Secretary, and if the amendment be adopted, it
will only put this clerk on the same footing with j
the other chief clerks of bureaus. I
Mr. BRADBURY. I understand that the 1
.chairman of the Committee on Finance does not j
object to this amendment. It is designed to do |
equal justice to a meritorious officer. I
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I am directed by the
Committee on Indian Affairs to offer the follow-
ing amendment: I
" For this amount of money appropriated and goods pur-
chased, under treaty stipulations for the Chippewa Indians,
lately destroyed by fire at the agency of s^id Indians,
$15,000: Provided, That the Commissioner of Indian Af-
fairs is hereby authorized to purchase said goods in open
market without the usual notice in such cases required by
law."
I will briefly state the information in reference
to this matter under which the Committee on In-
dian Affairs acted in recommending this amend-
ment. Under treaty stipulations with the Chip-
pewa Indians, there are annual amounts of money
and goods due them. The amounts necessary for
that purpose have heretofore been appropriated,
and all the goods which have been purchased, and
a balance of $920 in cash on hand on the 15th of
last month, were destroyed by fire. The payments,
according to the treaty, are to be made next spring,
I and if the appropriation be delayed until the gen-
eral Indian appropriation bill, and the usual notice
I required by law be given for the purchase of the
< goods, it will carry us beyond the time when, ac-
cording to the treaty, the money should be paid
and the goods furnished. I therefore hope the
Senate will adopt the amendment now".
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FISH. I move to amend the third section,
which provides that no documents shall be fur-
nished to members of Congress unless published
by order of the Congress of which they are mem-
bers, by adding to it the following proviso:
Provided, That this section shall not prohibit or interfere
Willi the distribution to members who have heretofore re-
ceived books, under an order of either Hou-jp, of the remain-
ing volumes, or so as to complete the sets of wInert
lliey have received a |«ut.
Mr. WALKER. I move to amend the amend-
ment by adding to it, " and the Debates of Con-
gress, so as to let tlieir distribution go on as
heretofore.
Mr. FISH. I think my amendment includes
that.
Mr. WALKER. If it does I am satisfied, and
withdraw the motion.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WALKER. 1 see a small appropriation
in this bill "forharborat Milwaukie, Wisconsin,
$163 94." I wish to amend the phraseology of
that by inserting after the word "Wisconsin,"
the words, " at the point named in the last appro-
priation for the harbor at said place," so that it
will read, " for harbor at Milwaukie, Wisconsin,
at the point named in the last appropriation for
the harbor at said place, $163 94.
Mr. HUNTER. I will explain to the Senator
from Wisconsin, and perhaps he will see that his
amendment will be inappropriate. The harbor
appropriations in this bill, as I understand from
ihe chairman of the Committee on Ways and
Means of the House, who went up to the Depart-
ment in reference to them, are to pay existing
debts. Of course it is not proper in a general ap-
propriation bill to bring in appropriations for carry-
ing on harbors. But it was stated to the chair-
man on Ways and Means, that these appropria-
tions were needed to pay debts already due. At
what point the work was done for which the debt
in regard to this particular harbor was incurred, I
know not; but it might be that the adoption of
this provision would prevent the Department from
applying this specific sum to the actual debt which
exists. They told the chairman of the Committee
on Ways and Means, that it was to satisfy an
outstanding debt. Where the debt was incurred
I do not know.
Mr. WALKER. That is most probably the
case; but I would remark that at the last session
of Congress, in the appropriation of $15,000 for
the harbor of Milwaukie, I obtained a provision
by Congress that it should be expended at the
point known as the North Cut, surveyed by Lieu-
tenant Centre. An opinion has gone abroad that
Colonel Abert is disposed not to execute the law.
I cannot believe such a thing.
Mr. CASS. It cannot be so.
Mr. WALKER. I do not think it can be pos-
sible; but here, in this bill is an appropriation of
$163 94 for the same harbor. If it be an ap-
propriation to meet a deficiency on the old har-
bor appropriation, at the old mouth of the river,
which harbor is useless to us, it is somewhat sin-
gular; for I believe there has been nothing done
by the Government on that harbor since 1843 or
1844; and it is strange that such a small balance
should have remained up to this time. Then this
sum for the harbor of Milwaukie may, by impli-
cation, if it is intended to be appropriated to the
old mouth of the river where a harbor is useless,
be construed into a revocation of the direction to
appropriate the money at the proper point. I per-
ceive that the citizens of Milwaukie are greatly
excited about it. Petitions are in circulation in
, every direction on this subject. Every one is sign-
ing them. I have an article here which I have cut
from the last newspaper which reached me from
Milwaukie. The people there seem to be in trib-
ulation, from the rumor that Colonel Abert will
not carry out the provision of the law. While I
do not believe that—and I do not mention the
fact for the purpose of intimating that I do beiieve
it—yet for the purpose of securing ourselves against
the dangerous implication which might be made
by leaving this appropriation as it stands, it seems
| to me that there can be no harm in adopting my
I amendment.
