1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
647
Mr. HUN TER. If there is any doubt about
the appropriation, it would be a great deal better
to strike it out, than to attach the amendment
which the Senator proposes, because it may be if
that be added, the money cannot be applied to the
existing debt proposed to be paid, and the appro-
priation will be useless.
Mr. WALKER. Then we can correct it when
we ascertain the fact.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The bill was then reported to the Senate as
amended, and all the amendments made by the
Senate as in Committee of the Whole were con-
curred in.
Mr. BRADBURY. I wish now to renew the
amendment which I offered yesterday,and which,
in the shape then presented, was decided by a vote
of the Senate not to be in order. When the vote
was then taken, there was a misapprehension of
the question, as individuals voted in a precisely
opposite manner from what they intended. The
amendment, as I have now offered it, places this
claim on precisely the same ground as several
others which have been incorporated into this bdl.
The reasons for the adoption of the amendment, I
gave yesterday. I now offer it in this shape:
Sec. —. And be it further enacted. That the proper ac-
counting officer of the Treasury Department be, and he is
hereby, authorized to settle and adjust the accounts of the
acting purser of the United States frigate Dolphin, appointed
in Aprii, 1846, by the commander of the squadron then on
the coast of Africa ; and to aiiow him the pay of a purser
while in the discharge of the duties of that appointment.
Mr. HUNTER. That is a private claim. It
was proposed yesterday as an amendment to this
bill, and was either ruled out of order or voted
down—I do not remember which. Theonlymod-
ification which the Senator has made, is to strike
out the name of the individual and describe him
as an officer. I hope the amendment will be voted
down.
Mr. BRADBURY. Yesterday it was voted
upon under a misapprehension; otherwise it would
have been adopted. I then stated that an officer
of the Navy is now held responsible for many
thousands of dollars which never went into his
hands, because these accounts cannot be settled.
That officer is now ordered on the Japan expedi-
tion, and is about to leave the country. The
adoption of snme such provision has been recom-
mended by the Secretary of the Navy,-and for six
years it has remained in the House, the House
having been unable to reach it. I trust the ques-
tion may be submitted to the decision of the Sen-
ate, and that the Presiding Officer to-day will do
what the President did yesterday when it was in
a more objectionable shape—leave the question to
the decision of the Senate; and I hope the Senate
will relieve the party. I will say, however, that
the individual whose accounts it is proposed to
settle, served for two years upon the coast of Af-
rica under an appointment, receiving and disburs-
ing large sums of money, and he is entitled to no
compensation whatever, unless he can have his
accounts settled, while the officer in command of
hts ship has been charged with money that has
been disbursed which never went into his hands.
Mr. BADGER. I hope that on this question
we shall support the chairman of the Committee
on Finance. It is not right that this bill should
be burdened with amendments of this kind, mere-
ly in consequence of leaving out the name of the
person to whom the money is payable. If it
would not be proper to put this amendment to the
bill, the pefton being named in it, it cannot be
proper to put it upon the bill when the name of
the person is left'out.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Downs in
the chair.) Does the Senatorfrom Virginia make
a point of order ?
Mr. HUNTER. I do.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
considers that the object of this amendment is to
provide for a private claim, and therefore it is not
in order, under the rule.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I did wish to have a
separate vote on concurring in the amendment
which changed the disbursement of the money on
the Capitol extension from the Architect to the
Commissioners of Public Buildings.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend-
ment has been concurred in.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. The Chair was too quick
for me. He put the question before my attention
was called to it. I rose for the purpoie of asking
whether I could not reach my object by moving a
reconsideration of the vote by which the Senate
concurred in that amendment?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is the
only way in which it can be done.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I make that motion,
and I ask the liberty of making a statement. Since
we had a little discussion, a few minutes ago, I
have been informed that the marble-cutters 011 this
work are now constantly employed under their
sheds preparing the marble to be used in the con-
struction of the building, and that they can go on
and do this work now under their sheds as well as
if the weather were better. I am told that the hands
are paid off weekly, and that if you suspend the
appropriation, and refuse to allow the marble-cut-
ter to be paid, he cannot pay the hands. You
therefore suspend the work, and interrupt the prog-
ress of business.
Mr. HUNTER. I would ask the Senator
whether he has been informed of this by any per-
son who knows the fact?
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I have received my in-
formation from Mr. Stanton, of Kentucky, the
chairman of the Committee on Public Buildings
of the House of Representatives.
Mr. HUNTER. He is well acquainted with
the subject.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. He has just been by my
side, and I have had a conversation with him upon
the subject. 1 am told another thing, which I Leg
leave to.state, and to ask the Senator from Vir-
ginia whether it is a fact. In the evidence before
the Committee of Inquiry there was one thing
which struck me as being extremely improper,
and 1 will state it.
1 went to the wall and examined it myself, and
I thought it was very well laid; but the filling-in
behind the front wall of the polished granite was
equally of large granite blocks, and I said to my-
j self, and the proof before the committee amounts
to the same thing, that there was no necessity for
I taking this costly granite, and filling it in behind
I the polished or cut granite, in front of it; but that
1 gneiss rock, or the blue stone furnished from along
i the banks of the Potomac, would have answered
just as well; and that if the filling up was done
with blue stone, it would cost about one third what
the filling up with large granite blocks would cost.
I have, however, just been informed that that was
done at the suggestion of some engineers and my
friend from Virginia, and that it was done upon
these grounds: It was said that the foundation was
not sufficient. Upon the statement that the foun-
dation was not properly constructed, engineers
concurred in the opinion, and my friend from
Virginia so advised the Architect, that if he would
put three courses of this substantial granite rock,
and connect and tie them together, even if a por-
tion of the foundation was defective and the rest
was good, these ties of granite rock above the
foundation, would furnish such a strength as
would be sufficient, and would overcome any de-
fect in the foundation. I understand that it was
only intended to lay three courses of granite. I
have learned that the Architect yielded to this
advice of the engineers and of my friend from Vir-
ginia, who was then, I believe, chairman of the
Committee on Public Buildings; whereas the judg-
ment of the Architect would have taught him that
the gneiss rock was sufficient. If that be the fact,
I hope my friend from Virginia will say that it
is so.
Mr. HUNTER. That is so, air. Such was
the suggestion of the engineers, and I urged upon
Mr. Walter to put a few courses—I do not now
remember how many. The reason assigned was
that the stone in the foundation had been too small,
and the engineers were of opinion that the foun-
dation was sufficient, but that it would be put be-
yond all peradventure if a few courses of granite
were put in behind the front row; because, they
said, that if above the foundation there was one
entire piece of stone, it would be almost impossi-
ble to crush it, and the nearer you could approach
to that by the size of the granite for a few courses,
the more substantial the building would be. They
recommended it, and I urged it upon Mr. Walter
to follow their suggestions for the purpose of
placing the matter beyond doubt.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. There is another thing
which I have just learned, which I wish to state
to my friend from Arkansas. I learn that the
whole amount expended for marble, by an exam-
ination of the books this morning, is only about
#65,000. That is the whole amount paid for mar-
ble, and of course there cannot be a loss upon
that.
I have mentioned these things to show that there
is a propriety in what I stated when I was first
up, that no man, or set of men, ought to be con-
demned upon ex parte testimony, without a full
investigation—without duly weighing and sifting
all the evidence, and seeing how the truth stands.
Why, I had condemned this Architect myself. I
had condemned him seriously, for the very fact
of filling in with this granite rock, when, accord-
ing to my inspection and judgment, gneiss rock
would have answered just as well. Yet now I
learn that that course was pursued by the Archi-
tect at the suggestion of the engineers, upon the
possibility that it might protect the building, if
the foundation was at all defective.
The motion which I have made is to reconsider
the vote on concurring in the amendment made
yesterday in Committee of the Whole, on the mo-
tion of the gentleman from Arkansas. His amend-
ment was to take away the disbursement of the
money from the Architect, and give it into the
hands of the Commissioner of Public Buildings.
If you de this before you have made this investi-
gation, what will it say to the world ? What will
it say to the Architect? It will be saying to him,
" From the investigations already made, we find
that you are not trustworthy. We have discov-
ered that you are acting so fraudulently that you
cannot be trusted with the disbursement of the
money. If it is retained in your hands, it will be
used for fraudulent purposes, and to pay persons
who have acted fraudulently against the Govern-
ment, and therefore we take it from your hands,
and give it to others." I do not feel myself au-
thorized to make this change until I get a thorough
investigation, and see that the Architect ought to
be condemned. If I shall find that the investiga-
tion results in facts which should lead to his con-
demnation, although I have already said I have
entertained a very high opinion of him, I trust I
shall be the last man to save him from the just
censure which awaits his conduct; but I am not
willing thus beforehand to say to him, "You have
acted in such a way that we will not let you dis-
burse the money any longer."
Mr. BORLAND. I had hoped that after the
long discussion upon this subject yesterday, we
were done with it; but it seems that there is to be
no end to it. What is the proposition now made?
In the very face of all that has passed—although
the Senate has concluded to suspend operations,
the Architect is insisting that he shall have posses-
sion of the money, and shall expend it.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I beg leave to correct
my friend in that. 1 have not seen the Architect
for a month, I believe—I do not recollect how
long; but the last time 1 saw him was in the com-
mittee room, and an unpleasant occurrence there
took place between the Architect and some of the
hands, and he departed, and I have never seen
him since; nor have I had one word of corre-
spondence with him, by letter or otherwise. The
movement is altogether'to be charged to me. I
have made the motion to carry out my own view
of what I consider to be proper. The Architect
has had nothing to do with it.
Mr. BORLAND. If the Senator had not said,
when he got up, that he was acting from inform-
ation communicated to hiin from without, and al-
most at that moment communicated to him, I
should not have said anything about the move-
ment coming from anywhere; but it was not his
own free movement, as he said.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I gave the authority of
a gentleman of the other House.
' Mr. BORLAND. I know the Senator did, but
why should we have it insisted upon from other
quarters that this individual shall be trusted with the
money proposed to be paid under this appropria-
tion for the extension of the Capitol? Previous
to the bill which passed a few years ago, making
the original appropriation for this work, the money
appropriated for such purposes had been dis-
bursed, as was provided for in the amendment
adopted on my motion yesterday. That amend-
ment puts the expenditure of this money on the
same footing on which the expenditure of other
public money for public buildings and grounds has
always been put. The object was to have the ac-^
counts audited and settled in the same way; to
