648
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 16,
return to the old system. No charges, so far as ,
I have ever heard, were made, and no suspicions
entertained under that system that money had
been improperly used. A change was made. Im-
proper uses of the money were anticipated at the
time of that change, and an attempt was then
made to prevent it. That attempt failed, and we
find now, as 1 suppose the Senator from Kentucky
will hardly controvert, that improper uses have
been made of the money; by what individual I
do not now undertake to say. My proposition
was to return to the old system, ana to let the
money be expended in the same way as formerly.
If the Architect chooses to consider it an imputa-
tion upon him, I cannot help it. Surely I am not
to be restrained from making a proposition to take
care of the public money according to the good
old plan which succeeded before, and which avoid-
ed improprieties, because any man in public em-
ployment choosts to say that it is a blow aimed
at him. If he has discharged his duties properly
and fairly, it does not affect his character. The
facts can be made to appear. Then why his
friends should insist for him that he shall have the
disbursement of the money under these circum-
stances, I cannot conceive. If, however, in view
of all that has been said, the Senate choose to give
it, let them do it.
The Senator from Kentucky has alluded to some
transactions which took place before the commit-
tee. Objection was made the other day to my al-
lusion to what had taken place in the committee
room, but it seems that other members of the com-
mittee may do the same thing. The Senator from
Kentucky has alluded to a transaction which took
place in the committee at a time when I was not
present. He says that an unpleasant occurrence
took place. What was that unpleasant occur-
rence : I was not present on the occasion myself,
but I learnt it from others. It was this: when a
witness was testifying before the committee to
matters which were not favorable to Mr. Walter,
he became enraged, and interrupted the witness,
and attempted to prevent his going on; and it was
with difficulty that he could be controlled. Now,
suppose an individual sitting in a court, and im-
putations upon him were being made by a witness
under oath, and he was to rise and interfere with
that witness, and attempt to browbeat him, and
prevent him giving his testimony, what would be
thought of it ? It is true, as I understand, that Mr.
Walter afterwards apologized for his impropriety.
I should not have alluded to this matter, but that
the Senator from Kentucky himself introduced it.
When a witness, one of the humble laborers who
had been at work upon the Capitol, was testifying
10 matters under the responsibility of an oath, and
his testimony was reflecting upon Mr. Walter, the
latter rose, and rather violently, so violently that
it was with difficulty he could be restrained, at-
tempted to browbeat and prevent the individual
giving his testimony. That does not prove the
charges against him, and I do not rest any charge
against him on that ground; but since the occur-
rence has been alluded to, I want it to go before
the Senate for what it may be worth. Now it is
insisted that he shall still disburse the money. If
the Senate choose to put it into his hands, let them
do so.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I alluded to an unpleas-
ant occurrence which took place in the committee
room, not for the purpose of going, by any means,
into the facts of the case, but to show the reason
why Mr. Walter had absented himself, and to
show that I had had nocorrespondenceor commu-
nication with him from that time. I alluded to it
merely to explain the position which I occupied
in reference to him, and to show the Senator from
Arkansas that I was not acting here at the in-
stance of Mr. Walter, or by any communications
with him, but merely from a sense of duty, as I
conceived, to him, regarding him yet in the atti-
tude of a gentleman. That is the reason why I
alluded to him. But the Senator from Arkansas
has gone into the particulars, although he was not
present and I was.
Mr. BORLAND. I stated the facts on the au-
thority of the Senator himself.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. 1 intend to state exactly
what occurred. It seems that some of the hands
had been discharged from working upon the pub-
lic buildings here. It seems also that there is an
association among the workmen, by which, that
' in consequence of certain of them having served
apprenticeships and being master-workmen, they j
take exception if anybody who has not been so
far advanced in mechanical employment as they
deem themselves to be, is permitted to work and
receive ths same wages that they do. Some diffi- ,
culty had grown out of an association of that kind.
Some men had been discharged, and it would seem
that they took an appeal to Mr. Walter as the Arch-
itect and general superintendent. Three or four
of them went to his office, no doubt a good deal in-
censed in consequence of the manner in which they
conceived they had been treated, and they appealed
to him. Rough words ensued. Mr. Walter was
discontented with their conduct, and he ordered
them away, and threatened that if they did not go,
he would call for a police officer to take them
away. They said that in the course of the alter-
cation, Mr. Walter stated in substance, that he
would pay those who were engaged on the work
what he pleased, and as he pleased; and that the
hands employed should carry hods, or roll brick,
or do anything, no matter what, he should order
them to do; that he would pay them as he pleased,
and order them to do what he pleased. This was
the nature of the quarrel which took place at the
Architect's office, according to the statements of the
men. When a witness was detailing these things,
Mr. Walter became excited, and said, after he got
through, that he presented the quarrel which took
place m the Architect's office in a way that made
a false impression against him, (Mr. Walter.) He
said afterwards that it was probable he used every
word the witness put into his mouth; but the wit-
ness had given such a version of it as to make an
unfavorable and false impression in regard to him.
He interrupted the witness several times when he
was going on. The chairman of the committee told
him that he must be silent. 1 believe I interposed
once myself, to tell him that he had no right thus
to interrupt the witness while he was going on.
After it was all over—after he was silent—he got
up and apologized, by saying that his feelings had
got the better of him—that perhaps he was wrong,
but his impressions were such that he could not
well resist speaking while the witness was going
on. He begged pardon for making his interrup-
tions—said that perhaps it was wrong for him to
be there while witnesses were testifying in regard
to his conduct in any way, and he would disap-
pear. He did disappear, and I have never seen
him since. That is the whole of the occurrence,
from the beginning to the end, according to my
: recollection. Mr. Walter has never been in the
: committee room since, I believe, nor have I seen
r; him. The only question, then, is, whether, under
I' these circumstances, before the investigation is
! ended, we will censure and condemn Mr. Walter.
That is all. I learn, too,—and I must tell my
friend what I learn as I go along, and I did not
learn it from Mr. Walter,—that the law, which 1
have not looked into, as it originally passed, re-
quired the President to give the disbursement of
the money to the Architect. I have learned that
from a source entitled to the feighest confidence
and respect. The Senate can see who has been
talking with me. It comes from a chairman
whose business it is to examine all these matters.
If that be so, this duty was never conferred upon
Mr. Walter because he wanted it, or because he
made any profit upon it, but it was forced upon
him by law, and he could not refuse it. It was
given to him as a part of his duties, and imposed
upon him by law when the President gave him
his appointment. Whether he wants to continue
to disburse the money or not I neither know nor
care. Whether the Commissioner of Public Build-
ings wants it or not I have made no inquiry; I
know nothing about it. The only question forme
has been whether, under a partial investigation of 1
this subject, we shall get up and say to the world
and to lvlr. alter that he is no longer to be trusted !
in money matters. From the manner in which
his accounts are kept, as I have already stated, I
, cannot see any way in which he can cheat the
Government. Then the question is, whether you
; will pass this implied and direct censure on his
' honesty without any investigation ? It is not in j
my power to do it, and therefore I have brought
the matter before the Senate. !
Mr. HUNTER. 1 hope the Senate will not
! reconsider the vote on that amendment. We have
made progress so far, and I think it is time that we
were disposing of this bill. We should trust
I something to the House of Representatives. The |
bill will go there, and these amendments will be
subject to the revision of that chairman of the
Committee on Public Buildings, of whom the
Senator from Kentucky speaks, and who, I know,
is well acquainted with the subject. If we were
to do the thing over again, I confess that 1 would
vote against the amendment of the Senator from
Arkansas. I did not understand, at the time he
introduced his amendment, that it was to transfer
the disbursement of the money from the Architect
to the Commissioner of Public Buildings, and 1
should certainly have voted against that part of
the proposition, for I would sooner have the
money disbursed by the Architect than by the
Commissioner; but that is passed over, and we
have acted upon the bill. If we reopen it, there
is no telling where we shall end. It will be re-
opened for the very purpose of discussing the
matters connected with this inquiry, and it seems
to me, that to do so would be unjust to all the
parties implicated, and to the Architect himself,
because we should have discussions here upon ex
parte testimony, as the Senator says, and upon
testimony with which nobody is acquainted ex-
cept the members of the committee. I should
regard such a.discussion as very unfortunate, and
I wish to avoid it.
I think, after the debate, and especially after
what has been said by the mover of the proposi-
tion, Mr. Walter has been placed in a position in
which he may safely rest until the investigation
shall be concluded; for it was declared that there
was no intention to disparage Mr. Walter in the
matter, but to suspend the work until the subject
should be further examined into. 1 do not think,
therefore, that under the circumstances, delay will
affect Mr. Walter injuriously. If it did, I could
not vote for it. I could not vote for the bill if I
believed it would have that effect, unless I be-
lieved he was guilty; because, anxious as I am
that this buildir.g should go on, yet I cannot con-
sent that it shall be done at the expense of the
character of any honest man. But I believe that,
under the circumstances under which the amend-
ment was voted, it does not present that issue, or
involve his character. I hope, therefore, we shall
act upon the bill, and send it to the House, where
these matters can be further examined into.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I would say to the gen-
tleman, thht the probability is, the previous ques-
tion in that House will cut off all investigation.
Mr. HUNTER. I believe the amendments
have to be considered there in Committee of the
Whole, where no previous question applies.
The motion to reconsider was not agreed to.
The amendments were then ordered to be en-
grossed, and the hill was ordered to a third read-
ing, read a third time, and passed.
RAILROAD TO THE POINT OF ROCKS.
Mr. BRIGHT. I move to take up the bill
reported by the Committee on the Districfrof Co-
lumbia to incorporate the Georgetown and Ca-
toctin Railroad Company. I can state the case to
the Senate in a few words, so that it will not "be
objected to. Citizens of Maryland propose the
construction of a railroad from some point on the
Baltimore and Ohio railroad, near the Point of
Rocks, to Georgetown, in the District ofColumbia.
Before they can do so, it is necessary to have the
assent of Congress to run the road from the west-
ern side of the District, to the city of Georgetown.
. The Legislature of Maryland is now in session.
It holds only biennial sessions. It is important
that this right of way should be granted as soon
as possible, so that Maryland may, by concurrent
legislation, authorize the road to be made.
Mr. ADAMS. Is there any money asked for
the purpose?
Mr. BRIGHT. No, sir; it is a simple grant
of the right of way for sixty-six feet in width.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill.
Mr. BRIGHT. I now move to amend the
bill by striking out all after the enacting clause and
inserting:
" That whenever the State of Maryland shnll by law In-
corporate a company to lay out and construct a railroad
from any point in connection with the Baltimore and Ohio
railroad, at or near the Point of Rocks, to Georgetown, in
the District of Columbia, the right of way, not exceeding
sixty-six feet wide, be and is hereby granted to such com-
pany; provided that before any Buch road, depots, and its
necessary fixtures shall be located in Georgetown, the as-
sent of said city shall first be obtained."
