1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
649
Mr. BORLAND. Before the vote is taken, I
want to know of the Senator if the bill has a pro- I
vision which retains to Congress the power of re- |
pealing the charter of this company ? I have been
under the impression that charters granted to cor-
porate companies should expressly contain the
power of repeal.
Mr. BRIGHT. The Senator did not listen to
the reading of the amendment, or he would have
seen that no company is incorporated by its pro-
visions. It merely provides that when Maryland
shall authoiize the making of a railroad from a
point intersecting the Baltimore and Ohio railroad,
near the Point of Rocks, to a point on the west-
ern side of the District of Columbia, Congress
grants the right of way to the same company from
the western side of the District of Columbia to
Georgetown, a distance of about three miles. It
is of course through private property, which will
have to be paid for by the company.
Mr. HUNTER. There is no provision re-
quiring the company to pay for the property, and
therefore, I think the bill had better lie over.
Mr. BRIGHT. Asa matter of course, if the
road passes through private property the company
pays for it.
Mr. BORLAND. My inquiry was made on
the supposition that this amendment left the bill
to incorporate a company for the construction of
the road, for my impression was that the amend-
ment was in addition to the bill; but if it is to
strike out all of the original bill, I have no objec-
tion to it. ■
Mr. BRIGHT. I took the same exception to
the original bill as the Senator from Arkansas did.
It contained a provision incorporating a company,
and the Committee on the District of Columbia
have agreed to strike that out, and give merely the
right of way, and I think there can be no objec-
tion to that.
Mr. CLARKE. I should like to inquire into
this matter somewhat. This bill, as I understand
the Senator from Indiana, proposes to grant the
right of way to this company for three miles from
the western boundary of the District of Columbia
to the city of Georgetown. There is no provision
in the bill requiring damages to be paid to private
individuals for their property taken up for the
purpose of allowing that right of way; there is no
provision for the assessment of those damages.
Therefore, if lands should be taken for this pur-
pose, will not the parties come upon the Govern-
ment of the United States for all the damages in
consequence of the right of way which we may
grant ? I merely submit this question for the con-
sideration of the Senate. My own impression is,
that whenever the rightof way is granted, provis-
ion is always made that in a certain manner the
claim of those whose property is taken for the
road,and who feel themselves aggrievedvmay be
adjudicated and decided upon. There .is nothing
of that sort here. The amendmentgives the mere
naked right of way, eixty-six feet in width, and
there it stops. There is no provision made for
the indemnification of individuals whose lands
may be taken under the provisions of the bill;
and, in my humble opinion, if Congress pass the
bill, and the lands should be taken without com-
pensation being made to the owners by the com-
pany, Congress would be bound to remunerate
the parties.
Mr. BRIGHT. f promised that if tfie bill con-
sumed time, I would not ask the Senate to defer
the special order of the day. If the honorable
Senator isserious in his objection, of course I shall
have to pas3 the bill over, but I do not think there
is any force in the objection taken by the honora-
ble Senator from Rhode Island. If the road passes
through private property, of course the company
will have no right to use the property until they
pay for the privilege. No part of this road will
pass through public property. It will all be through
private property; but they cannot take private
property without first making compensation for
it.
Mr. PRATT. Perhaps I can make an expla-
nation on this subject which will be satisfactory to
the Senator from Rhode Island. The amendment, ;
as proposed by the Senator from Indiana, is merely j
to confer upon a company in Maryland the power |
to make the road which is contemplated from the l
Baltimore and Ohio railroad, at br near the Point j
of Rocks, to the District of Columbia. It gives j
the mere right of way to that company to make !
the road through the District of Columbia. As a
matter of course, the bill in reference to the citi-
zens of Maryland, which is to be passed by the
Legislature of Maryland, will designate the man-
ner in which private property is to be taken for
this purpose. It cannot be otherwise taken than
is designated. It cannot be condemned unless by
bargain with the individual owners. Therefore,
the Dill to be passed by the Legislature of Mary-
land, in reference to Maryland, will be applicable,
under the amendment proposed by the Senator
from Indiana, in reference to the property-holders
in the District of Columbia, with this proviso:
that the Corporation of Georgetown is first to
assent to it. You, therefore, have first the secu-
rities which Maryland will throw around the
property of her own citizens in reference to the
construction of the road within the limits of Mary-
land; and you have, in the second place, the'
security that the assent of the corporate authori-
ties of Georgetown is required to be given to the
bill. I hope, therefore, that the Senator from
Rhode Island will not persist in his objection.
Mr. CLARKE. I can see that the difficulty
increases rather than diminishes as we get on.
The Legislature of Maryland has not yet acted
upon the subject.
Mr. BRIGHT. If the Senator persists in his
objection, of course I shall have to move to post-
pone the further consideration of the bill until to-
morrow.
Mr. CLARKE. I have no disposition to delay
it. The honorable Senator can take what course
he pleases.
Mr. BRIGHT. As I am under obligation that
this bill shall not interfere with the special order,
I move that it lie upon the table.
The motion was agreed to.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
A message from the House of Representatives
was received,by Mr. Forney, its Clerk,announ-
cing that it had passed a bill making appropria-
tions for the service of the Post Office Department
for the fiscal year ending June 30th, 1854.
The bill was read a first and second time, by
unanimous consent, and referred to the Committee
on Finance.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
I Senate a report from the Department of the Inte-
rior, in further compliance with the resolution of
the Senate of January 18th, giving further in-
formation in reference to the allegations of fraud
against Alexander Ramsay, Superintendent of In-
dian Affairs, in the distribution of certain moneys;
which was referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
FALLS OF THE OHIO.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. There was laid before
the Senate this morning a report communicating
the various plans for constructing a canal around
the Falls of the Ohio, which has been ordered to
be printed. I am informed by the gentleman who
represents the Louisville district in the other
House, [Mr. Preston,] that it would be best to
have that document printed under the direction of
the Topographical Bureau, because it contains a
great number of plates which should be very ac-
curately engraved. As the printing has already-
been ordered, I move that it be done under the di-
rection of the Topographical Bureau.
Mr. BRIGHT. I prefer that no order of that
sort shall be made until the Committee on Roads
and Canals, to which the document has been re-
ferred, shall have an opportunity of examining it.
I presume that can be done in the course of a day
or two.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I withdraw my motion;
but I hope the Committee will consider the pro-
priety of the suggestion which I have made.
FRAUDS ON THE TREASURY.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will present to
the Senate House bill " to prevent frauds upon
the Treasury of the United States,"' to which the
Senate, on a former occasion, made certain amend-
ments. The House has agreed to some, and dis-
agreed to others of those amendments.
Mr. BADGER. I will state that that bill origin-
ally came from the House. The Senate passed
it with certain amendments. The House has con-
curred in all of those amendments but two. I
think 1 may say on the part of the Judiciary Com-
mittee, that those two amendments are all-import-
ant—so much so that the bill ought not to pass
unless they are made. I move that the Senate
; insist upon the amendments to which the House
has not agreed, and ask for a Committee of Con-
ference.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BADGER. I move that the Chair appoint
the managers on the part of the Senate.
The motion was agreed to; and the President
appointed Messrs. Badger, Butler, and Bayard,
the committee on the part of the Senate.
I COLONEL FREMONT.
The PRESIDENT. Senate bill for the relief
of John Charles Frfmont, late a lieutenant colonel
in the Army of the United States, has been re-
turned from the House with an amendment.
Mr. BADGER. The Senator from California
[Mr. Gwin] takes an interest in the bill, and he
aerees to the course which I am about to suggest.
We passed the bill directing a certain sum of
money to be applied to the payment of the judg-
ments rendered against Colonel FrSmont. We
passed it on the ground, and on the sole ground,
that the debt was a debt against the Government,
and we were, therefore, bound in honor to see it
paid. The House has made an amendment stri-
king out the whole bill after the enacting clause,
and inserting a provision that $19,500 be paid to
Colonel Fremont, to be accounted for when he
settles his accounts. It is a total departure from
the principle on which the bill was based; for if it
is not the debt of the Government we ought not to
pass any bill about it. If it is, we ought to pass the
bill as it went to the House. I move, therefore,
that the Senate refuse to agree to the amendment
of the House.
II The motion was agreed to.
I THE TEHUANTEPEC GRANT.
On motion by Mr. BRIGHT, the Senate re-
i sumed the consideration of the resolutions reported
I from the Committee on Foreign Relations, in ref-
! erence to the right of way across the Isthmus of
1 Tehuantepec—the pending question being on the
amendment of Mr. Seward.
Mr. BROOKE concluded his speech begun yes-
terday. For which see Appendix.
Mr. GWIN. In order to have a test question
on these resolutions, and that they may not con-
sume any more of the time of the Senate, I move
that they be laid on the table, and on that question
I ask for the yeas and nays.
Mr. MASON. I hope the Senator from Cali-
i fornia will withdraw that motion for a minute,
, that I may have an opportunity to say a word on
: the subject. I will renew the motion, if the Sena-
| tor desires it.
j Mr. GWIN. I will withdraw the motion, to
| accommodate the Senator.
Mr. MASON. I have no objection to taking a
; test vote on laying the resolution on the table, but
; I would ask to have a little time—not more than
half an hour—to make a reply to the remarks made
! by the Senator from New York, before the ques-
tion is put on the motion to lay on the table.
Mr. GWIN. I hope the Senator will go on
now, then; for I do not want this subject coming
up to interfere with the appropriation bills, and
other practical measures, which we have yet to
act upon.
Mr. MASON. I take it for granted that the
discussion on the subject is closed, and that no-
body else wishes to address the Senate upon it. I
: only ask a short time to reply to the remarks of
the Senator from New York, and then the question
: can be taken.
Mr. NORRIS. I believe there may be other
' Senators who may wish to speak on this ques-
I tion, and I hope the Senator from California will
i not press his motion now.
Mr. MASON. I think it will be desirable to
have a test vote upon the question; but I should
like to be heard a short time before it is taken.
Mr. DAWSON. 'I move that the Senate ad-
journ.
Mr. GWIN. What will be the situation of
the subject when it comes up again? Will the
question be on my motion that the resolutions lie
upon the table ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER assented.
The motion was agreed -to, and the Senate ad-
journed.
