1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
651
Hunter, James Johnson, John Johnson, George G- King,
Knlms, I.andrv, Little, MeMullin, Meacham, Miller, Mo-
lunv, Henry D. Moore, John Moore'Morehead, Newton,
Outlaw, Samuel W. Parker, Porter, Riddle, Sackett,
Seliermerhorn, Schoonmaker, Stanly, Benjamin Stanton,
Richard H. Stanton, Abraham P. Stephen?, Alexander H.
Stephens, Sutherland, Taylor, Toombs, Venable, Walsh,
Washburn, Watkins, Welch, Wells, and Alex. White—73.
Mr. JONES moved to reconsider the vote by
whrh the resolution was passed, and to lay the
motion to reconsider upon the table; which latter
motion was agreed to.
So the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. HENN, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as correctly enrolled the following
bills, viz:
S. No. 271. An act amendatory of the existing
laws relative to the half dollar, quarter dollar,
dime, and half dime;
S. No. 624. An act to prevent in certain cases
the failure or delay of justice in the courts of the
District of Columbia; and
S. No. 397. An act for the relief of Rosanna
Sowards.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Hous-
ton's motion, that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union; and it was decided in the affirmative.
So the House resolved itself into the Committee
•of the Whole on the state of the Union (Mr. Orr
in the chair) upon House bill No. 337, making ap-
propriations for the civil and diplomatic expenses
of Government for the year ending the 30th of
June, 1854.
The CHAIRMAN. When the committee rose
upon yesterday, the gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. Bayly) was entitled to the floor.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. Mr. Chairman, it
has been my purpese, when the civil and diplo-
matic bill should be under consideration, to say
something to this House concerning the condition
of our foreign affairs—nor with a view of saying
what we would do, nor still less what we would
not permit to be done by others in certain contin-
gencies, because I know, from the history of the
country, that declarations beforehand of what we
will do, and what we will not submit to in certain
contingencies, have led to embarrassment and no
good. But I did desire, as far as my information
went—and I believe it is pretty accurate—to let
this House, and through it the country, know,
as far as I am informed, the precise condition of
our foreign affairs; but the absence of the chair-
man of the Naval Committee from the city, and
of the chairman of the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs, in consequence of sickness, made it neces-
sary on yesterday that the chairman of the Com- I
mittee on Ways and Means should change the
order in which he had apprised us that these bills
were to be taken up. Thus taken by surprise, I
did not come here yesterday prepared to submit
the remarks which I desired to make; and if I had
been thus prepared, the character of the debate in-
troduced by the gentleman from North Carolina
would have made it exceedingly disagreeable for
me to have entered upon the discussion I contem-
plated, not only because it would have seemed to
have been incongruous to the thoughts running
through the minds of members, suggested by that
debate, but because there were allusions made in
the course of that debate concerning the causes
which have produced the delay in the business of
the House, which, in my estimation, make it prop-
er that I should say something in respect to it. In
the course of that debate, it was frequently re-
marked that the delay and obstruction to the pub-
lic business was owing, in a great measure, to the
inefficiency of gentlemen who were at the head of
the leading committees of this House. Although
I know that none of these allusions were designed
forme, and though I know this Houseunderstands !
this pretty well, yet, as I am at the head of per- [
haps the most important committee in this House,
other persons may suppose those remarks were
d esigned in part for me. Although the Committee
on Foreign Affairs, in one respect, is a committee
of very great importance, yet it has very little to
do with the ordinary legislation of Congress.
We have few bills to report requiring the action
of Congress. I desire to say, in justice to myself
and that committee over which I am proud to pre-
side, that there has not been a day when our
docket has not been cleared. I have not called
the committee together very often, because I knew
how much members are occupied, and how incon-
I venient it is to be frequently called to the commit-
• tee rooms. I have uniformly Waited until there
was enough upon our docket to occupy the morn-
ing, and then I convened the committee, and we
have cleared it. One of the very causes of the
obstructions to the business of this House has
been the promptitude of that committee. Every
one knows that the French spoliation bill, which
lies near the bottom of that huge mass of tills
upon the Speaker's table, cieates to a great extent
the difficulty of getting at the business on the
Speaker's table; and the opposition by the enemies
of that bill to going to that business, has been
i augmented by the fact which is well known, that
i very early in the last session of Congress, as soon
[ as this subject was referred to that committee, a
meeting of the committee was called, that subject
acted upon, and that I was ready at any time to
take it up; and that in consequence there would
be no necessity to refer the Senate bill which is
now on the Speaker's table, to the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, as it had been well considered
and already decided upon.
There were other remarks made by some gen-
tlemen,among others by myfriend from Missouri,
[Mr. Hall,] which I certainly did not take un-
kindly, not only because they were not so meant,
but because they were not so in fact. The gen-
tleman undertook to say—in, for him, a very proper
and merited defense for the Speaker, and the com-
mittees of this House—that the business now was
in no worse pond ition than it was at the last Con-
gress, when Speaker Cobb presided over the House,
and when I was charged with most of the business
of the House. The gentleman did not intend to
do me injustice, but he did me injustice in that re-
mark. 1 have already at hand a statement which
shows how that committee at the last session of
Congress discharged its duties. It will be recol-
lected by such members as were here at the last
Congress, that some time in June a very violent
attack was made upon the Committee on Waysand
Means. It was said that a majority of that com-
mittee were southern men. And it was charged
with delaying the public business, by a distin-*
guished gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Schenck,]
with a view of stopping the wheels of Government,
if we could notget a satisfactory adjustment of the
slavery question. It became my duty to reply to
that attack, and I have nothing to do but read from
the remarks which I then made to show the con-
dition in which the public business then was.
1 On that occasion, June 14th, I said:
" Sir, I undertake to say, that since the change of the ter-
i mination of the fiscal year from the 31st of December to
f the 30th of June, the riiJe, which the member has attempted
j to resuscitate, to found upon it an attack against the Com-
mittee on Ways and Means, has been obsolete. It not only ,
has never been complied with at the long session of Con- j
gress since that time, but it has not been desirable or even
proper that it should have been complied with. I have
i looked to the date of the report of the appropriation bills
| since t!«at time, and it bears out what I say. But ( shall
i only refer to the period at which those bills were reported by
i the Committee on Ways and Means of the last Congress. I
! select that committee, because its chairman is now present;
because it wa* a Whigcommittee, and seems to be regarded
by some as having been the paragon of a committee. That
committee was appointed in the first week of the session.
In consequence of the delay 111 organizing the House, the
present committee was not appointed until after Christ-
mas. Mr. Vinton reported at the last Congress, the Mili-
tary Academy bill on the 25th of January ; the revolutionary
pension bill also on the2oth of January; the deficiency bill
of thatyear and the Indian bill on the'29th of January ; the
' fortification bill and the Army bill on the 3lst of January;
the navy bill on the 9th of February; the civil and diplo-
matic bill on the 9th of March ; the Navy pension bill and
the Post Office bill on the 7th of April. I reported the do
ficiency bill and the fortification bill on the 7th of March ;
the Military Academy bill on the^Hth of March ; and Army
bill and the Navy bill on the 11th of April; the revolutionary
and Navy pension bills on the 15th of May. I have report-
ed to-day all the other bills, except the civil and diplomatic,
which we are nearly ready to report; and those bills have
been in my desk for a month, ready to be reported, and I
have been prevented from reporting them by the member
from Ohio and others acting with him. And indeed such
was the case to a great extent with those which preceded
them. In scarcely a single instance was I able to make
reports of them as soon as they were ready to be reported.
The House will bear me witness, that it has been with great
difficulty I could prevail upon it at any time to proceed with
the regular order of business. The House will testify that,
from the beginning of the session, I have persevered in my
efforts to induce it to do bo; but in consequence of the ex-
citing questions before us, it has been impossible for me to
succeed one time in ten. Besides this, it will be recollected ;
that early in the session I reported the bill to provide for
defraying the expenses of collecting the revenue. This was
a new bill made necessary by the act of the 3d of March,
1849. It was one which the Committee on WaysandMeans
were never charged with before. It was earnestly preyed j
upon oar early attention by the Administration. Action  
upon it was considered so important that the President
made it the subject ofa special message. Itwasanewand
important subject; it required close investigation, and it
underwent it in the committee and in the two Houses of
Congress; and notwithstanding the mass - f business before
us, we were without a clerk lor two months after our ap-
pointment.
" But more than all this : the Committee on Waysand
Mean* were forcibly struck with the enormous and, as they
believed, unnecessary expendnures of this Government.
We determined to scrutinize the appropriations asked for
closely, and, if possible, bring them into reasonable limits.
In this respect we have effected something; but, 1 am free
to say, not a great deal. I became early convinced that no
real and beneficial reform can be effected in this respect,
without thorough and cordial sympathy and cooperation
between Congress and the Administration.
" The committee will bear me witness, that although I
had no clerk, in three weeks after my appointment as chair-
man, T had every one of our bills, which in the aggregate
would make a small volume, drawn according to the esti-
mates from the Departments, upon our table. And we
could have reported them, if it had been desirable, in a
few days. Butif we had, they would have been little more
than skeletons of bills. This is especially true of the civil
and diplomatic bill. A day has not passed since we
commenced our labors to this very morning that we have
not received communication after communication from the
Departments, transmitting changes of estimates, additional
estimates, and asking for additional appropriations. If 1
had reported those bills promptly, I should have been com-
pelled to have moved so many amendments in the House,
that it would have devolved upon the House itself, instead
of the Committee on Ways and Means, the responsibility
of framing the bill, which everybody, at all acquainted with
legislation, knows would be highly inconvenient, if not im-
possible. How, sir, was it with the deficiency bill ? In
the original estimates sentto us we were asked toappropri-
ate $304,351 47. But before the bill became a law, new
items were pressed upon us until it was run up to
$2,575,^01 33 ; and most ofthein were broughtin by amend-
ments, after the bill was reported. And Hows the House
not recollect, that when 1 was moving amendment after
amendment bv direction of the committee, the member
from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] attacked us for thus moving
amendment" of which the Hou>e had no notice; and com-
plained that the House could not act understandingly upon
them? But this is not all: on the day we acted on that
bill finally in this House, after it hyd come back to u* from
the Senate, we were apprised of a deficiency in the Quar-
termaster's Department, of ,$600,000, and also of this defi-
ciency which I am now asking the House to provide for.
It will be recollected that I moved them as amendments to
the Senate amendments, and th^y were ruled out of order.
"Other causes beyond our control have delayed us, partic-
ularly for the last two months. Two of our members have
bt en in bad health most of the session. Others of them
have been temporarily absent from the city. Two of thein
[Messrs. Vinton and IIibbard] are on special commit-
tees—the former on the Ewmg investigation committee;
and he has been very little with the Committee on Ways
and Means since that committee was raised. And although
my friend from New Hampshire [ \Tr. Hibbard] has elected
to serve upon our committee rather than the select com-
mittee of which he is a memher, whenever his presence
with us would give us a quorum, yet his presence would
not always do it; and for the last month we have been
very rarely able to get a quorum. Every member of the
committee will bear me testimony, that I have been con-
stant in my attendance upon the committee.
" But, sir, what inconvenience has anybody suffered
in consequence of our not having reported the civil and dip-
lomatic bill? Does not every one know that it is always
the last bill acted upon ? I can say with certainty, that
during the four Congresses that I have been here, it has
nev# r passed before the last night of the session ; and al-
though I have not looked to ascertain precisely how the
fact is, I think I am safe in saying that such has been the
case for half a century. Has the Hou-e acted upon the
bills already reported? So far from it, does not every one
know that it is impossible, in the present junciure, [the
agitation of the slavery question,] to prevail upon it to take
up any of the ordinary bufiness of legislation ? Such being
the case, is it not obviously better, for the reasons I have
suggested, that the civil and diplomatic bill should remain
in the committee until within a reasonable period of the
time when the House will be ready to act upon it?
" To enable the House and the country to appreciate the
spirit in which the attempt to cast reproach upon the Com-
mittee on Ways and Means originated, I de-ire to call its
attention to some remarkable facts. On the 3d of June,
the member from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] asked this House
to instruct the Committee on Ways and Means to report
the appropriation bills without delay; thus evincing, ap-
parently. great anxiety that they should be in the possession
of the House. On the next morning, in pursuance of the
course 1 had been following all along, I called forthe regu-
lar order of business, which was the call of committees for
reports. I stated that I had important appropriation bills
which I desired to report. I onlv asked that the morning
hour should be devoted to ordinary Congressional business.
But a motion was made to go into the Committee of the
Whole on the California message, the effect of which was,
if it succeeded, to defeat my purpose. Well, sir, the mem-
ber from Ohio, [Mr. Schenck,] and most of those who
voted with him to introduce his resolution, voted to go into
committee, and thus prevent the committees from report-
ing. They voted to prevent the very thing thev had asked
the House to instruct us to do ! This is not all. On yes-
terday I again ealled for the regular .order of business,
which was the call of committees for reports. A motion
was made to go into the Committee of the Whole on the
California message. That the country might see who it
was that was not willing to devote even the morning hour
to our ordinary duties, I called for the yeas and nays, and
thirty-six of the fifty one members who voted to suspend
the rules to introduce the resolution of censure upon tlie
Committee on Ways and Means, again voted, in effect, to
