1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
655
Mr. SACKETT. I would inquire of the gen-
tleman from Alabama if this appropriation ap-
plies to clerks employed by authority of the
House'
Mr. HOUSTON. It applies to clerks that are
employed in the committees of the House. Now,
gentlemen around me say, and I understand the
gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. Stanly] to
say, that only one committee of this House has
a clerk. The clerk for the Committee on Claims
is provided for in another bill. Then the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads have a
clerk. They had one at the last session and they
have one now. I am inclined to think that the
Committee on Commerce has a clerk, but I am
not sure.
Mr. DUNCAN. They have.
Mr HOUSTON. Then there are three com-
mittees that have clerks. This appropriation is
intended to cover the long session of Congress,
and there will not be much left after paying the
three clerks.
Mr. STANLY. If I understand the argument
of the chairman of the Committee on Ways and
Means, it is, that by letting this appropriation stand
as it is it cannot be exceeded. But what prevents
the House from employing other clerks, and pay-
ing them out of the miscellaneous items? I know
the object of the chairman, but he does not se-
cure it.
Mr. HOUSTON. The miscellaneous items are
intended to be devoted to other objects. Under
the head of " miscellaneous" we comprehend va-
rious small items contained in the Clerk's estimate;
and if you take any of the money appropriated
for these items for the purpose of paying the
clerks, there will consequently be a deficiency in
regard to the particular items for which the appro-
priation was made.
The question recurring upon the amendment
offered by Mr. Stanly—
Mr. MeMULLIN demanded tellers; which
were ordered; and Messrs. Dawson and Goode-
now appointed. 1
The question was then taken, and the tellers
reported—ayes 69, noes not counted.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk proceeded in the reading of the bill,
to the clause, " For miscellaneous items $ 10,000,"
for the House of Representatives.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move to strike out " ten"
and insert " twenty" in that clause. I will state
the reason why I move that amendment. Upon
an examination of the estimate submitted by the
Clerk, for miscellaneous items, which amounted j
to $40,000, the Committee on Ways and Means j
determined to reduce it to $10,000. But from the I
investigation made in the House the other day |
upon the deficiency bill, in which the various items
which are chargeable to this fund were enumerated,
I am satisfied that $20,000 is needed. That is the j
reason why I introduced the amendment. If it is
adopted, that will be a reduction of $20,000 from
the original estimate.
Mr. STANLY. If I mistake not, in the defi-
ciency bill we increased this item from $6,000 to
$24,000.
Mr. HOUSTON. Twenty-four thousand dol-
lars was the original estimate in the deficiency bill,
and we reduced it to $6,000. On the discussion
before thig House a gentleman produced the items
which were to be met by this miscellaneous fund,
and that list of items amounted to $24,000. I
propose now only $20,000 for the whole year. i
Mr. STANLY. I do not like to cipher out !
matters in that way. I do nof blame the chair-
man for his efforts at economy. Economy is de-
sirable. When it can be effected it should be.
But this is not the mode to accomplish it. The j
committee asked $6,000, and we increased it to j '■
$24,000. Now they ask for $10,000, and it is to
be increased to $20,000, on the motion.of the
chairman. .1 think we are throwing a great deal
of money into the hands of some one, but I sup-
pose the Clerk has the disbursement of it. " i
Mr. HOUSTON. The estimate of the Clerk
was $40,000 for these items. We propose now to 1
make it $20,000, which is a reduction of one half. I
If thegentleman will refer to the written communi-
cation from the Clerk to the Committee on Ways i
and Means, he will see the various items. i
Mr. TOOMBS. I propose to amend by redu- i
cing the amendment of the gentleman from Ala- j
bama one dollar. !
Now, I am perfectly willing to vote what is
right; but I do not conceive that the House should
vote money when the committee cannot tell what
it is for, and when no one else can tell what it is
for. The Clerk asks of us $40,000, and we are
told that we get off very well if we vote only
$20,000. When we ask what it is for, the Chair-
man says that there is a list somewhere to explain
it. If a gentleman makes a motion to increase the
public expenditure, he should give a reason for it.
I will not vote a dollar unless I know what it is
for. Because the Clerk asks $40,0i!0 is no reason
why I should vote $20,000. If lie asks $40,000,
and you give him $20,000, that is a good reason
why I would give him none. Therefore, I hope
this amendment will not pass.
Mr. HOUSTON. When the committee in-
vestigated an item in the deficiency bill similar to
this, it was determined to appropriate for the re-
mainder of the year $24,000. The Clerk of the
House estimated for miscellaneous items $40,000,
and the correspondence between the Committee on
Ways and Means, which is published in our doc-
uments, shows that a part of that amount was in-
tended to cover the extra compensation voted last
year to the clerks, messengers, and other officers
about the Capitol. The committee, in endeavor-
ing to prevent that, cut it down to $10,000. The
subject has not been before the committee since,-
and I make this motion to restore it to $20,000,
based on what occurred in the discussion on the
deficiency bill. The appropriation of $20,000 is
intended to cover such items as $1,500 for boxes,
and the expenses attending the burial of deceased
members of Congress.
Mr. TOOMBS. I always understood that we
paid for our own boxes, and I would inquire
whether that item is a usual one? I think it is not.
Mr. HOUSTON. It has been usual, I under-
stand, to pay for boxes to hold members' books
out of this fund. Of that, however, I am not, and
cannot be particularly advised. I know that in
the correspondence between the committee and the
Clerk of the House there was an item of $1,500
or $1,800 for boxes. Then there are the expenses
attending the burial of members who may die
during the session of Congress, or in this city
after its adjourn mental rid also the expenses of
special committees and the salaries of their
clerks, such as the one which was left in existence
at the termination of the last session. There are
a great many items. I voted against the continu-
ing of a special committee during the last recess,
1 but a majority voted otherwise, and we have now
to foot its bills. We have not only to pay the
expenses and salary of its clerk, but the' per diem
and expenses of the members constituting it.
Mr. TOOMBS. This is for the next fiscal
year, and it is not for footing any bill for the pres-
ent year. It cannot be so applied.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman did not un-
derstand me, or he was not paying attention to
what I said. I did not say it was for this, but the
next Congress. But is it to be presumed that none
of the members of the next Congress will die? I
wish we could believe so. As deaths do occur in
every Congress, and at every session, is it not
proper that we should make provision to meet
such necessary expenses? There are many items
constituting this miscellaneous fund. I have not
a list of them, and if I had, they would make up
full $20,000, and I fear a little over that amount.
Mr. TOOMBS, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment.
The question was put on the amendment of Mr.
Houston, to strike out $10,000, and in its place
insert $20,000, and there were, on a division—
ayes 47 
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I demand tell-
ers.
Tellers were ordered.
Mr. HOUSTON, by unanimous consent, then
withdrew the amendment.
The following item was read:
"For compensation of the Secretary of State, and the
clerks, messenger, and assistant messenger, in his office,
$33,700."
Mr. TOOMBS. I would inquire of the gentle-
man from Alabama, whether these items are based
on the extra compensation voted at the last session j
or not? 1
Mr. HOUSTON. The estimates were not 1
based, except in one or two instances, on the ex- I
tra compensation voted at the last session, and ii
those were cut off. This is in regard to salaries
of clerks, &c.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move to strike out from
the following item under the head of the State
Department:
" For printing, let'er-press, and copperplate books and
maps, $2,000"—
the words "printing, letter-press and copperplate,"
and to reduce the appropriation to $1,890 70.
I am instructed by the Committee on Ways and
Means to move a large class of the same kind of
amendments. Though small in themselves they
amount to a good deal in the construction of the
law of the last Congress in regard to the public
printing. At the time this bill was before the
Committee on Ways and Means the estimates were
regarded as they have been heretofore, and those
for the Departments were embraced under their
respective heads. Since that time the committee
have determined to ask Congress to make appro-
priations for the printing according to the estimates
of the Superintendent of the Public Printing, who
is the responsible officer of the Government for
the execution of the printing. And, under their
instruction, I intend to move to strike nut under
the various heads of estimates for Departments,
the word "printing" wherever it occurs, and to
make the appropriations conform to the estimates
sent to us by the Departments since the bill was
before the House.
Mr. TOOMBS. I would inquire of the gentle-
man what the class of printing is he proposes to
strike out? What class is done by contract?
Mr. HOUSTON. Forthe presentand the next
year there are no contracts, and the class of print-
ing proposed to be stricken out is such as is done
by the Public Printer, under the law of the last
session of Cohgress.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON proposed subsequently, in ac-
cordance with the intention above expressed, to
strike out all the items of appropriation for print-
ing in the State and Treasury Departments; which
amendments were severally agreed to.
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. After the follow-
ing:
" For compensation of the Commissioner of Customs,
and the clerks and messenger in his office,$16,500
I move to insert the following:
And in settling the accounts of all officers of the customs
for their services in ascertaining and collecting the revenue
arising from duties on imports, the Commissioner of Cus-
toms, and all other accounting officers of the Treasury, shall
be governed by the third section of the " act for the support
of the Military Academy of the United States for the year
1838," approved July 7, 1838, as the same was revived
and continued in force by the seventh section of the " act
forthe relief of Chastelain & Ponnert," approved July 21,
1840, until a different rate and rule of compensation shall
be expressly prescribed by law.
I will make a brief statement, which I think will
satisfy the committee of the necessity for this
amendment.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman had better
offer his amendment as a separate section. I think
that it is a desirable one, and that it ought to be-
come the law. The Commissioner of Customs is
located here in the Treasury Department, and has
nothing to do with the collection of customs. The
gentleman had better, I will repeat, offer it as a sep-
arate section, and makeita continuing law, so that
it will not be construed to expire with this item
to which he now submits it.
Mr. STANTON. It is a matter of no conse-
quence to me where it comes in. I will withdraw
at for the present.
The following item was read:
" For compensation of the clerks of the Light House
Board, $5,900."
Mr. TOOMBS. I move to strike out that new
item of expenditure, in order that I may ascertain
some information with reference to it. I should
like the gentleman from Alabama would explain
the necessity for the employment of these clerks,
and tell us what is their number and compensation?
Mr. HOUSTON. If I could seemy friend from
Maryland [Mr. Evans] in his seat, I would turn
this question over to him. Reassured the House,
when he was urging the creation of the Light-
House Board, that it would be much cheaper than
the old system. I would be glad to hear the gen-
tleman on that point now.
A Member. He is not here now.
Mr. HOUSTON. This item is strictly in ac-
cordance with the law of last session, by which
the Light-House Board was created, and the super-
