656
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1(5.
intendenee of the system transferred from the ■
Fifth Auditor to the Board. The clerks provided
for in this section are those that were transferred ;
from the other offices—one a $1,700 clerk from the !
office of the Secretary of theTreasury, theothers
(three, I believe,) from the Fifth Auditor's.
Mr. TOOMBS. I have asked the question of |
the gentleman, because by looking at the public i
documents, it will be seen that a department for j
the making of maps and charts was started by j
the same kind of appropriation.
Mr. PHELPS. The gentleman will find the 1
whole matter explained in the eleventh section of
the law passed at the last session.
Mr. TOOMBS. The gentleman is not giving
us information, and I do not yield to him. The
fact he Btates I presume to be well known to
everybody. The question I have asked was a
preliminary one. I would now ask thegentleman
whether the clerks and messengers in the Fifth
Auditor's Office have been diminished by the num-
ber required for the Light-House Board?
Mr. HOUSTON. The clerks in the Secretary's
office have been diminished by one, about which
clerkship a contest is now going on. A $1,700
clerk, who discharged duties pertaining to the light-
house establishment, was transferred from the of-
fice of the Secretary of theTreasury to the Light-
House Board. In the printed estimates, that office
claims the clerk and the Light-House Board claims
him also. We have stricken the appropriation
from the Secretary's estimate, and given it to the
Light-House Board.
Mr. TOOMBS. We then take one clerk from
the Fifth Auditor's Office, and add three more ad-
ditional clerks to the Board. 1 move, therefore,
that the item be stricken out.
Mr. HOUSTON. Do not misunderstand me.
mt. x 3JMB3. I say we have given §4,500
and taken away only $1,700.
Mr. HOUSTON. There is no increase of
clerks. They want an increase, but the commit-
tee report against it, and if this appropriation be
granted, it transfers, by law, some clerks of smaller
salaries to the Light-House Board, and no more.
Mr. TOOMBS. And will there be no additional
compensation ?
Mr. HOUSTON. There will be no additional
compensation.
Mr. TOOMBS. Then I have no objection, and
withdraw my amendment.
Mr. BROOKS. I propose to reduce the appro-
priation from $5,900 to one dollar. I predicted, at
the last session of Congress, that this Light-House
Board, which was going to cost nothing, would
crop out in all of the appropriation bills. While we
refused to create an Agricultural Bureau because
of its expense, we established this Light-House
Board, which is likely to increase the expenses of
the Government to afar greater extent. At page ten
other appropriations for the Light-House Board
are found; and in the other appropriation bills
this establishment, which would cost nothing, will
appear in various forms. It has been established
by law, and its expenses must be paid. I do not
assail them, but merely desire to vindicate the
truth of history. I have no doubt these clerks
are necessary, but the Secretary of the Treasury
says that he cannot do without those clerks who
have been transferred from his Department to this
Board, and he submits to the,Committee on Ways
and Means appropriations for them.
Mr. HOUSTON. The Secretary of the Treas-
ury only estimates for the $1,700 clerk.
Mr. BROOKS. The Secretary of the Treasury
says that he cannot do without the clerk taken
away from him and given to the Light-House
Board. It was impossible to create a Board with-
out appropriating the necessary money to sustain
it. I withdraw my amendment. It was only
offered pro forma, that I might submit these few
remarks.
Mr. WALSH. I move to reduce the amount.
It will be recollected bjt the House that at the last
session of Congress, tms light-house matter was
sprung upon us when we were considering the ap-
propriation bills. There was this peculiarity
about the movement: that we were called upon
suddenly, without knowing anything of the ex-
penses of the French system, to adopt the sug-
gestions made by certain gentlemen in the Army
and Navy with regard to the establishment of this
new bureau and new jurisdiction. This feature
was presented, to which I wish to call the attention j
of the House now, in connection with the vote on I]
the subject of the armories, which was given the I
other day. It was the withdrawal of the whole
labor connected with the light-houses from the
ordinary control of the Treasury Department to
put it in fact under that of army and naval officers,
together with civilians, and subjecting all the
rights and interests of such labor to this particular
authority. If gentlemen have looked to the pro-
visions of the law which was so hastily passed,
and to the rules prescribed by this new bureau for
their government, they will find—and I commend
it to the attention of the Democratic portion of the
House—that the patronage of the Government in
the premises is withdrawn from its usual channel.
I think it will be found that the appointment of
the light-house keepers along the whole American
coast will be dependent upon this military and
naval commission, and not upon the constitutional
appointing power. I may be mistaken, but this
is my construction of the law and the rules. I
objected to this thing at the last session. It was
called areform. I had always understood reform
to be preserving money in the pockets of the peo-
ple, and not indulging in permanent experiments; I
at least, not before you knew the cost.
And I always understood another reform to be ,
this: to keep all the public officers and appointees
connected with such a system as this, directly re- |
sponsible to the appointing power constitutionally
established, and that appointing power responsible
to the people. It is not proper to leave the desig-
nation of any such agency to a board of military
and naval officers. I wish to make this explana-
tion in the House now, because there was no op-
portunity for discussion at all at the last session,
and because after this system was adopted, whole-
sale charges of ignorance were brought against
gentlemen who conscientiously gave their votes
against it.*
Mr. DUNCAN. I regret that the gentleman on
my left should take an occasion to make an un-
deserved attack upon the Light-House Board, and
upon the system. I believe the appointment of
that Board has met with the approbation of all
nautical men throughout the country. That Board
is industriously engaged ip perfecting the light-
house system of the United States, and in making
a more efficient and a less expensive system than
that under which we are acting. In regard to this
■ appropriation for clerks, the clerks employed were
to be taken from the Fifth Auditor's Office, and no
new clerks are to be created. It must be obvious
i to gentlemen that there must be some incidental
\ expenses connected with this Board. They must
: have a room provided for them, stationery, and
' other things. I presume it was expected that in-
cidental expenses would occur from the constitu-
tion of the Board. Let it be remembered that an
important saving may be effected, in the inspec-
tion of lights throughout the country. Under the
old system, we paid the collectors a salary which
did not exceed a certain amount—$400 to the col-
i lector of every district for the inspection of lights.
1 That duty is now discharged by the military and
! naval officers, in the districts appointed for them,
i without any additional pay.
The last of all the objections which my friend
from Maryland [Mr. Walsh] makes, is in regard
to the patronage. Why, the patronage is not
changed. The Secretary of the Treasury has now
the appointment of light-house keepers through-
out the country as much as he ever had before.
I trust that there is no gentleman in this House
who is particularly anxious that the light-house
keepers should be changed with every change of
the Administration.
If, by the appointment of this Board, compe-
tent men are once placed in the care of the light-
' houses, they should be kept in them. The com-
pensation of these officers is small, and it is very
important that competent, trustworthy, and ex-
perienced men should be placed in charge of the
lights. The worst policy in the world would be
to remove such men from their humble positions
I * Since these remarks were made, Mr. Walsh has been
informed, from a moat respectable source, that the construc-
tion given by the Department to the act of the last session
still retains the collectors of ports as superintendents of light-
houses, and that said collectors have at this time the right
to nominate to the Secretary such keepers. If this be the
right construction, Mr. W. is of course mistaken in a part
of hi* observations, but he cannot see hoi* luck a one can
tx maintained.
with every change of the Administration. The
truth is that the law of last session mad e no change
in that respect. The appointing power is be-
stowed upon the Secretary of the Treasury, just
as it was before. They are nominated, as they
were before, on the recommendation of the col-
lectors, and the Secretary of the Treasury appoints
them. 1 trust, however, that any Secretary of the
Treasury would, in making these appointments,
consult the Light-House Board, and learn from
them whether the incumbent in office was trust-
worthy and fitted for his office, before he under-
took to remove him and appoint an inexperienced
person.
Mr. WALSH. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. CARTTER. 1 move that the committee
rise, with a view to an adjournment.
The question was then taken, and it v/asdecided
in the affirmative.
The committee accordingly rose, and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, the chairman reported
that the Committee of the Whole had had under
consideration House bill No. 337, making appro-
priations for the civil and diplomatic expenses of
the Government for the year ending the 30th of
June, 1854, and that they had come to no conclu-
sion thereon.
MARBLE STATUES OF THE PRESIDENTS.
! Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi. I askthe unan-
imous consent of the House to offer the following
joint resolution, authorizing the Secretary of State
to contract with American sculptors for marble
statues of all the Presidents of the United States:
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United States of America in Congress assembled, That
the Secretary of State be authorized to contract with native-
born American sculptors for full-length marble statues of
all the Presidents of the United Status, commencing with
Washington, and taking them in the order in which they
served ; and that he report said contract to Congress at its
next session.
•And be it further resolved, That the statues aforesaid
shall be done in American marble, and in the costume, as
near as may be, of the persons they are intended respect-
ively to represent.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object.
Mr. GOODENOW. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to take from the Speaker's table
Senate bill No. 224, for the relief of the widows
and orphans of persons who were lost on board
the schooner Grampus. A bill of a similar char-
acter has been passed here, and it is just that this
bill should pass also.
Several Members. I object.
Mr. POLK. I move that the House adjourn.
Mr. CLARK. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to introduce sundry joint resolutions
I' of the Legislature of the State of Iowa, respecting
the passage of the homestead bill, the Des Moines
river improvement, and the Half-breed tract, in
said State. I should be pleased to introduce them
for the purpose of reference.
Mr. GOODENOW. I object.
Mr. POLK. I now insist upon my motion to
adjourn.
The question was then taken, and it was decided
in the affirmative.
So the House adjourned till to-morrow at eleven
o'clock, a. m.
PETITIONS.
The following petitions were presented under the rule,
and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi: The petition and evi-
dence of Alexander Lea, in addition to his petition and evi-
dence heretofore filed, praying indemnity for losses sus-
tained by him in the destruction of tile lighthouse of which
he was keeper.
Also, the petition of Thomas Brown and 25 others, citi-
! zens of Hancock county, praying the removal of the land
office from Augusta to Shedsborough, Mississippi.
By Mr. JOIIN W. IIOWE : The petilion of sundry in-
habitants, citizens of the counties of Clarion, Venango, and
Butler, Pennsylvania, praying Congress to establish a post
road troin Shippensville, Clarion county, via Emlenton, to
i Butler, Butler county.
Also, the petition of Jesse Morgan and others, citizens of
the counuee of Clarion, Venango, and Butler, Pennsylva-
nia, praying Congress to establish a post road from Ship-
pensville, m Clarion county, via Kden, Jefferson, Lamar-
tine, Agnew'a Mills, Emlenton, and North Hope, to Butler,
Butler county.
By Mr. ABERCROMBIE : The petition of citizens of
Barbour county, in the State of Alabama, in favor of a re-
moval of the land office at Sparta, in said Statp, to Elba.
By Mr. INGERSOLL : The petition of Nathaniel \V.
Taylor and others, citizens of New Haven, Connecticut,
for the adoption of such measures as may be proper and
effective to secure to American citizens abroad the enjoy-
1 mentofthe rights of conscience and of public worship, and
> protection in tha tama.
