653
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 17,
was referred the consideration of the report of the
Secretary of War, relating to the defense of the
harbor of San Francisco, asked to be discharged
from the further consideration thereof, and that it
be referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and printed; which was agreed to.
Mr. UNDERWOOD, from the Committee on
Foreign Relations, to which were referred sundry
petitions praying the adoption of measures for se-
curing to American citizens in foreign countries
the rights of conscience and religious worship,
submitted a report, accompanied by the following
resolutions:
Rejoireti, That it would be jdat and wise on the part
of the Government of the United Slates, in future treaties
with foreign nations, to secure, if practicable, to our citizens
rending abroad the right of worshipping God freely and
openly, according to the dictates of their own consciences,
by providing that they shall not tie disturbed, molested,
or annoyed in any manner on account of thrir religious
belief, nor in the proper exercise of their peculiar religion,
either within their own private houses, or in churches,
chapels, or other places appointed for public worship; and
that they shall be at liberty to build and maintain places of
worship tn convenient situations, interfering in no way
with, hut respecting the religion and customs of the country
in which Uiey reside.
Raolttd further, That it would be just and wise in our
fliture treaties with (lircign nations, to secure to our citi-
zens residing abroad the right to purchase and own burial
places, and to bury any of our citizens dying abroad in such
places, with those religious ceremonies and observances
deemed appropriate by the surviving relatives and friends
of the deceased.
The report was ordered to be printed.
MEXICAN BOUNDARY COMMISSION.
Mr. MASON. The Senator from Arkansas is
about to make a report from the Committee on
Printing, in relation to the printing of certain doc-
uments connected with the Mexican boundary
survey, and I present the following resolution
upon the same subject:
Raolved, That two thousand additional copies of the
report of Lieutenant Colonvl James D. Graham, concern
ing tiie Mexican boundary, whicli was communicated to
the Senate at the last session, be printed for the use of the :
Senate.
Mr. BORLAND. The Committee on Printing
have directed me to report in favor of printing
two thousand additional copies of the report of
Mr. Bartlett, Commissioner for running and mark-
ing the boundary line between the United States
and Mexico. The resolution of the Senator from
Virginia is to print two thousand copies of a re-
port upon the same subject, heretofore made by
Colonel Graham. The committee have had that
subject under consideration, informally, and are
in favor of that proposition, and I therefore ask
that the question may be taken on both together.
Mr. Mason'* resolution and the report of the
committee were agreed to.
SOPHIA KIRBY.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I wish to appeal to the
Senate to do an extraordinary act this morning,
and it will not take fire minutes. An old soldier
died in my county in December last, and I have
just received the papers of his widow, asking for
a pension, accompanied by a request to submit
them at the Pension Office. The old soldier got
only thirty-two dollars per year, and I want to
ask the Senate this morning to pass a bill giving
to his widow sixty-five dollars per year; and it is
done upon the most extraordinary state of facts
that has ever existed, I believe. I have before me
an obituary notice, which is sworn to, in a paper,
concerning Mr. Kirby. He had thirteen children,
one hundred and thirty-five grand-children, three
hundred and thirty great-grand-children, and seven
great-great-grand-children; making four hundred
and eighty-five lineal descendants, in all, during
his lifetime. That old woman was married in
1778, in the midst of the Revolution, to this man.
He died at the age of ninety-five years one month
and twenty-five days, and she is now over ninety-
two years of age. I know them personally, and
I ask the Senate to allow me to presentabill giving
this old lady sixty-five dollars ptr.year for the re-
mainder of her days, instead of referring the case
to the Pension Office, where she will only get
thirty-two dollars.
The PRESIDENT. If there be no objection,
the Chair will receive the bill.
The bill was read a first and second time, by
unanimous consent, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It proposes to authorize
the Secretary of War to place Sophia Kirby, of
Warren county, Kentucky, widow of Jesse Kirby,
deceased, on the pension roll, and pay her a pen-
sion of sixty-five dollars per annum, commencing
on the 17th of December, 1852.
Mr. CASS. 1 would suggest to the honorable
gentleman that the Secretary of the Interior, and I
not the Secretary of War, should be directed to do j
this. The pension office is in his Department.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. That should be done,
and I hope the change will be made.
The PRESIDENT. The change will be made
without putting the question.
Mr. BORLAND. 1 would suggest to the Sen-
ator from Kentucky that the amount provided for
is not enough for this old revolutionary woman.
Sixty-five dollars a year is not sufficient.
Mr. UNDERWOODand Mr. HALE. Say
one hundred dollars,
Mr. BORLAND. I move to strikeout sixty-
five dollars and insert one hundred dollars.
The amendment was agreed to, the bill was re-
ported to the Senate as amended, the amendment
was concurred in, and the bill was ordered to be
engrossed for a third time, read a third time, and
passed.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. GWIN. I move to postpone all prior
orders, for the purpose of taking up the Pacific
railroad bill.
Mr. COOPER. I object to that until the com-
mittees have been called for reports. I have been
waiting here with some reports for several days,
which I wish to get clear of.
Mr. GWIN. If I give way to one, I must give
way to others. There are a dozen here who want
to make reports.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I would ask the gen- I
tleman from California to allow me to consider a
local bill authorizing the sale of certain reserved
lands in Alabama, which will not take fiveminutea.
Mr. GWIN. If I give way for one, I do not
know when I shall get the floor again.
Several Senators. Wait till twelve o'clock.
Mr. GWIN. I cannot yield, and I ask for the
yeas and nays on my motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CHASE. I ask the Senator from Califor-
nia to make the compromise which has been sug-
gested, and let the morning business continue till
twelve o'clock. I think we shall then be able to
take up his bill.
Mr. GWIN. There is a special order at one,
and it is important to have this bill out of the way.
Mr. MANGUM. I am as anxious as almost
any man to proceed to the consideration of the
Pacific railroad bill, but really I think it will be
facilitated and accelerated by suffering the morn-
ing business to go on for about ten minutes longer.
I think the Senator from California had belter
withdraw his motion.
Mr. BRIGHT. The Senator from California !
seems to press his motion with reference to an-
other special order which is to come up at one
o'clock. I intend to propose that that shall not
interfere with his motion, by moving, when the
hour for that order arrives, to postpone it till Mon- j
day. !
Mr. GWIN. Then I withdraw my motion,!
and do not intend to make it till twelve o'clock, j
The PRESIDENT. It requires unanimous
consent to give leave to withdraw the motion, the j
yeas and nays having been ordered.
There being no objection, leave was granted.
ADDITIONAL REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. DOUGLAS, from the Committee on Ter-
ritories, to which were referred the following bills
from the House of Representatives, reported them :
back without amendment:
An act to amend an act entitled " An act to i
amend an act to settle and adjust the expenses of
the people of Oregon from attacks and hostilities
of Cayuse Indians, in the years 1847 and 1848,"
approved August 21, 1852; and j
An act to organize the Territory of Nebraska.
He also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the bill from the House of Repre-
sentatives, to establish the Territory of Washing-
ton, reported it back with an amendment.
Mr. BRODHEAD, from the Committee on
Claims, to which was referred the memorial of
Isaac Varn, senior, submitted a report, accompa-
nied by a bill for his relief; which was read, and
passed to the second reading.
The report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. BORLAND, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to which was referred the memorial of Thom-
as Ritchie, asking a further allowance on the
printing executed by him for Congress, submitted
a report, accompanied by joint resolution for the
I relief of Thomas Ritchie, assignee of W. M.
Belt; which was read, and passed to a second
reading.
The report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. GEYER,from the Committee on Pensions,
to which were referred the petition of Willinin T.
Zollickoffer, the petition of Dr. Adam Hays, and
the memorial of Elisha Putnam, submitted adverse
reports thereon; which were ordered to be printed.
Mr. COOPER, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, to which was referred the petition of Hen-
ry M. Rice, praying remuneration for certain
expenses incurred in Iowa, submitted a report;
which was ordered to be printed.
RESERVED LANDS IN ALABAMA.
On motion by Mr. FITZPATRICK, the bill
authorizing the sale of certain reserved lands in
Alabama, was read a second time and considered
as in Committee of the Whole, it proposes to
enact that the lands in Clark county, Alabama,
which have been reserved from sale as cedar lands,
by virtue of an act " making reservation of certain
public lands to supply timber for naval purposes,"
approved March 1, 1817, shall hereafter be liable
to be sold in the same manner, and under the same
restrictions and provisions as other public lands
of the United States.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
LOUISIANA OVERFLOWED LANDS.
Mr. DOWNS. I give notice that I shall on
Saturday, during the morning hour, ask the Sen-
ate to take up and consider the bill making a grant
of land to aid the State of Louisiana in reclaiming
the overflowed lands therein. It was made the
order of the day for an early period at this ses-
sion, but it has not yet been considered. I have
occupied but very little of the time of the Senate
this session, ana I hope they will on Saturday
proceed to the consideration of that bill.
DEFENSE OF PORTLAND.
Mr. HAMLIN submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Retained, That the Secretary of War be requested to
commuicate to the Senate what works and appropriations
are necessary, and what would be the shortest practicable
time required to place Portland,the entrance of the Kenne-
bec river, and the entrance of the Penobscot river, in
Maine, in good condition of defense.
MAIL CONTRACTS.
Mr. WELLER submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
R etolved, That the Postmaster General be directed to
communicate to the Senate copies o£ all propositions made,
or contracts entered into within the past six months, for the
transportation of the mails from New York, New Orleans,
and Vera Cruz, to San Francisco, in California.
WESTERN COAL MINES.
Mr. BRIGHT submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Renlved, That the Secretary of the Navy communicate
to the Senate a copy of a report made to the Department
by the Commissioner appointed to examine the qualities of
the several coal fields and coal mines on the western
waters.
BRITISH POSTAL TREATY.
Mr. SUMNER submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Postmaster General be requested tn
report to the Senate the amount of postages collected In the
United States, on account of the British pnstofflce,since the
postal treaty with Great Britain went into operation; also,
the amount of balance paid each year to the Brinsh po*t
office; also, the commissions for the collection of these
balances allowed by the Post Office Department to the post-
masters of the United States; also, the amount paid for
exchangee in remitung these balances to Great Britain.
CLERKS ON THE CENSUS.
Mr. WALKER. I offer the following resolu-
tion:
Retolvtd, That the Secretary of the Interior be directed
to furnish to the Senate a list of the clerks, with the name
of each, at present employed in the Census Office—stating
on whose recommendation, or at whose solicitation each
cleric was appointed, and how long he has been employed.
