1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
659
As the resolution is one of inquiry, I would ask
for its consideration now, if there be no objection.
Mr. DAWSON. I object.
So the resolution lies over under the rules.
NAVY REGULATIONS.
On motion by Mr. HALE, the Senate proceeded
to consider the following resolution, submitted by
him on the 14th instant.
" Resolved, That the Secretary of tlie Navy inform the
Senate whether a code of rales and regulations or instruc-
tions for the government of the Navy is now in course of
preparation, or had recently been prepared by a board of
officers acting under his authority ; and if so, that he be re-
quested to submit the same to this House for the considera-
tion and approval of Congress before taking effect."
Mr. BELL. I understand thatthat code of reg-
ulations has been sanctioned and authorized by
the President, as Commander-in-Chief of the Army
and Navy of the United States; and I furthermore
understand that it would take all the clerical force
of the Department, which could be placed upon
this work, at least a month to make a transcript
of this code. I learn that the regulations have not
yet been printed; that they are now in the hands
of the printer; and it will be a great embarrass-
ment and inconvenience to the Department to take
all their clerical force, and put it to copying this
code; and it could not even then be accomplished
in time to be presented to Congress at the present
session, for the code is a very voluminous one.
Unless there is some very clear ground to make
this call upon the Department, unless the honor-
able Senator is satisfied that the public service and
the public interests demand that we should have
these rules and regulations submitted to us, I
think we ought not to burden the clerks of the De-
partment with making out this transcript. When
it is printed—and it is now in the hands of the
printers for that purpose—we can have a printed
copy for the purpose of making any examinations
we please, in order to see if Congress ought to in-
terfere, and prevent these regulations from going
into effect.
1 believe there is no code of regulations for the
Navy of the United States as there is for the
Army, and there has never been one adopted by
Congress. This has been the source of great in-
convenience, and great embarrassment, and the
public service has suffered very much in conse-
quence of it.
The Constitution gives Congress power " to
make rules for the government and regulation of
the land and naval forces" of the United States;
but in the absence of any rules on the part of
Congress, the President, as Commander-in-Chief
of the Army and Navy, is obliged to make some
regulations for the government of the officers and
the Navy Department. Unless Congress specif-
ically provide by law in what manner the Navy
Department, its officers, and the various opera-
tions connected with it shall be regulated, there is
no regulation. The necessity of making some
was felt so great that the Secretary of the Navy 1
has had a code prepared, and the President has
given it the sanction of his authority as Com-
mander-in-Chief. That code has been in a state
of preparation, I understand, since the year 1835, 1
receiving perhaps a second revision in 1845, and
now the third and last revision, with great care,
and it has received now the sanction of the Com-
mander-in-Chief of the Army and Navy.
I do not think that, under the circumstances,
there is any necessity for requiring that the volu-
minous code should be transcribed and sent to us.
Mr. PRATT. Mr. President, 1 hope the reso-
lution of the Senator from New Hampshire will
be adopted; and 1 think the argument of the Sen-
ator from Tennessee is conclusive to show the i
Senate that it ought to be adopted. He tells us
that there are now no regulations governing the
officers of the Navy, and that regulations have
been prepared by a board of officers with a great
deal of care, which will become the rule for all
time to come, governing the officers of the Navy.
I submit to the Senate whether this code of laws
for the government of the Navy should not be ,
submitted to Congress anterior to its going into [
effect. A number of officers of the Navy have
spoken to me on the subject, and have complained
that in some way or other the regulations operate ;
injuriously upon certain classes of officers. They
say it operates detrimentally to their rights. j
I apprehend there can be no wrong—no injury |
done to the country in requiring that these regula- :
! tions, which have been prepared with so much
care, and which the Senator thinks ought to go
into immediate effect, should be first submitted to
Congress. If they do interfere with the rights of
any class of officers—if they operate injuriously
upon any class in the Navy, we ought to have the
means of ascertaining and correcting the injury,
rather than suffer it to be committed. 1 hope, there-
fore, that the resolution will be passed, that we
may see what these regulations are before they go
into effect.
We are about to adjourn in a few days, and
if these regulations should be put into effect after
the 4th of March, they cannot, before December
next, come before the supervision of Congress;
and whatever injury they may do to any class of
! officers, will be a continuing injury until that
period. I can see no harm that will result to
the public service by letting it be known to Con-
gress what these regulations are. If they are
right and proper, of course we will pass them and
approve them, and they will then have the sanc-
tion of law; and I do insist that they should be
i passed upon by Congress, and ought not to be
made by a mere dictum of the Executive Depart-
ment of the Government. These regulations are
to govern all the officers in the Navy. They are
to be governed by the Executive Department ab-
solutely, without any appearand we are the only
power, we are the only persons who, under the
Constitution, have authority to control that abso-
lute power which would otherwise be exercised
by the Executive Department of the Government.
Mr. HALE. I think with the honorable Sen-
ator from Maryland, and if the Senate had any
doubt about calling for this code, the remarks of
the Senator from Tennessee should have removed
that doubt. I will mention another argument,
however. It was in 1842, I think, that a code of
laws was prepared by direction of one or both
Houses of Congress, to be submitted to Congress
for approbation before going into effect. It was
submitted to Congress, and did not meet its ap-
probation. Now there is proposed to be a general
law adopted by th6 Department in relation to the
whole Navy, for the government of every part of
it. The Senator from Tennessee isadvised about
it—I am not—and he says that this code is very
voluminous, and it is to govern the Navy for all
time. This resolution simply asks that this code
may be submitted to Congress for supervision be-
i fore it becomes the law to which your whole
I naval force is to be subjected. The officers want
it submitted to the revision of Congress, and I
think, with this explanation, there will not be a
i member here who will not S6y that it ought to be
, submitted to Congress, in order that Congress
may see whether the code be right or wrong.
I Mr. BELL. Mr. President, I am certain that
1 the Senator from Maryland could not have heard
'• my remarks, or he would not have indulged in the
j course of observation, on my statements, in which
he did indulge. The honorableSenatorfrom New
I Hampshire, also, misunderstood me; and he thinks
that now it is certain, at all events, that this com-
munication should be made. I stated before, that
Congress could not have the benefit of this com-
^ munication during the present session of Congress, >
with any practicable force that could be put upon
it by the Secretary of the Navy. Of course that
is Bubject to some qualification, for if he could
withdraw the wholeclerical force from their proper
duties, and put them upon this, he might be able
to furnish it in a short time; but with a due regard
to the other interests of the service, it is not pos-
sible for the Secretary of the Navy to put on to this
transcript a sufficient amount of force to have it
sent in to Congress during the present session. I
suggested that, therefore, as one objection to the
i resolution. In the second place, I said this code
■ would be shortly printed; and that it was now in
the course of being printed by order of the Depart-
i ment. It forms a very fair-sized volume, 1 believe.
Therefore, for that reason it would be very incon-
[ vient to take the manuscript from the printer's ,
hands, and put the whole clerical force of the
| Department at work in copying it. That was 1
j another practical inconvenience which I suggested.
But I suggested no such idea as both the Sena- i
ators have put into my mouth, that this was to be
a code of regulation for the Navy for all lime. It
is of course temporary in its nature. It is only to
operate until Congress shall act. Congress has
the supervisory and paramount power over the >
whole subject, over the President, and over the
Department in regard to it. Therefore I said, or
intended to say, that this code would be tem-
porary in its operation, and would necessarily last
only until Congress should act upon the subject.
1 suggei-ted that this code has been prepared after
a delay from 1835, or from the foundation of the
Navy to this time. * The fact that there has been
no code of regulation passed by Congress, has
been felt to be so great an inconvenience and such
! an embarrassment, and has worked so badly for
the public service, that the President has been in-
duced, under his general power as Commander-in-
Chief, to approve these regulations to continue in
operation until Congress shall, under their supe-
rior constitutional power, prescribe other rules.
Of course they will operate only until the next ses-
sion, if Congress should then think proper to ex-
ercise their power.
For these several reasons—because it would
embarrass the Department to withdraw the man-
uscript from the printers, they now beingat work,
and to put the whole of the clerical force of the
Department upon it; because it would not even
then be practicable to get it before us prior to the
• adjournment of Congress—I oppose the reso-
lution. I trust that the reasons which I have as-
signed will show the Senate the propriety of not
passing it. I hope it will not be adopted. I am
by no means anxious about it. I had no partic-
ular reason for making the remarks which I did
make, but I thought it proper to suggest what,
under the circumstances, appeared to me to be
necessary to be known.
Mr. GWIN. I move to postpone the further
consideration of this resolution until to-morrow,
so tllat we can take up the Pacific railroad bill.
This resolution is evidently going to lead to a
great deal of discussion. If I thought there would
be no more discussion, I would not make the mo-
tion.
Mr. PRATT. I hope the honorable Senator
will withdraw the motion, to allow me to say a
few words.
Mr. GWIN. I withdraw it for that purpose,
i Mr. PRATT. I think I correctly understand
the honorable Senator from Tennessee, and the
! only difference between us is this: He says that
a whole book, to constitute the law of the Navy,
has been drawn up by a board of naval officers,
and has been approved by the President. The
resolution before the Senate does not require that it
i shall be sent to Congress anterior to the adjourn-
ment of the present session. The only effect of
the resolution is, that, until Congress shall have
an opportunity of seeing and knowing that these
regulations are right, they shall not go into effect.
We wish to see what is this code which is volu-
minous, as the Senator says, which is to govern
this large class of our fellow-citizens, upon some
of whom it may have an injurious influence, be-
fore it goes into effect. We.wish to see it; that is
all.
Mr. BELL. The honorable Senator will allow
me to say that if it is to be understood that Con-
gress is not to expect the information this session,
I can see no inconvenience in calling for it, except,
perhaps, the unnecessary cost, because the book
will be laid before us at the next session: but I do
not think its operation should be suspended in the
mean time.
Mr. PRATT. If the book is now in the hands
of the printers in the course of publication, this
resolution will not require the manuscript to be
sent to us; but its only effect will be to prevent the
code going into effect until Congress have an
opportunity of seeing and knowing what it is.
Mr. HALE. That is all.
Mr. PRATT. Then I hope the Senate will
pass the resolution at once.
Mr. CASS. The latter remark of the honor-
able Senator from Maryland is the very one which
makes me doubt the correctness of this proceed-
ing. It is the right of the President, in the exercise
of his constitutional power as Commander-in-
Chief of the Army and Navy, to make certain
regulations for their government. That is done
every day. It has been said that there are no regu-
lations now for the Navy. I say there have been
regulations since the foundation of the Navy.
Mr. BELL. I said that Congress had never
made any regulations.
Mr. CASS. I did not allude to the honorable
gentleman from Tennessee in my remarks. But
