1853.
THJE COJNGKESSIONAJL GLOBE.
<363
and in reply to the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Seymour.] The amendment comes in at
the end of the first section of the bill as a proviso.
The Clerk read the amendment, aa follows:
Provided, That before any of the provisions of this bill
shall take effect, the Government of Great Britain shall
agree with the Government of the United States that all of
the portsof the British dominions and of the United States,
respectively, shall be open to all the vessels of both coun-
tries, whether engaged in the coasting or other trade, in the
same manner and under like regulations as they are now
authorized to do with reference to the foreign trade of the
two countries.
Mr. WASHBURN". I would ask my colleague
to yield, that I may offer an amendment to the
bill.
Mr. FULLER. I yield, that the amendment
may be reported, as I belteve that it is not now
in order to the bill.
The SPEAKER. If it be the pleasure of the
House, the amendment will be received and taken
up in its proper place for action.
There was no objection, and the Clerk read the
amendment as follows:
Strike from the first section of the bill the following:
"Grains, flour, and breadstuff's of all kinds, seeds, unman-
ufactured hemp, unmanufactured flax and tow, animals of
all kinds, undried fruits, fish of all kinds, dried, smoked,
salted, and fresh ; meats, salted, smoked, and fresh ; hides,
sheep pelt*, wool, butter, cheese, tallow, lard, horns, ma
nures, ores of all kinds, stone and marble in iw crude or
worked stale, gypsum, ground or unground ; ashes, fire-
wood, agricultural implements, including axes; fish oil,
broom-corn, bark, miwrought burr-stones, dye-stuffs, rice,
cotton, unmanufactured tobacco, unrefined sugar—"
And in lieu thereof insert the following:
'' AH articles the growth, production, or manufacture of
the said British North American Provinces, and all articles
the growth, production, or manufacture of the United States,
save and except as is hereinafter provided."
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The morning hour
is nearly out, and if the gentleman from Maine
does not desire to proceed with his remarks, I
will, with his consent, move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. FULLER, of Maine, addressed the House
in opposition to some of the provisions of the bill.
He had not concluded his remarks on the expira-
tion of the morning hour. [His speech will ap-
pear in the Appendix.]
Mr. HOUSTON. I move that the House pro-
ceed to the consideration of the business on the
Speaker's table; and that the rules be suspended,
and the House resolve itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. STUART. I would inquire of the Speaker
whether there are any Executive communications
on the Speaker's table?
TheSPEAKER. There area few there, which,
if it be the pleasure of the House, the Chair will
present to the body.
Mr. STUART. 1 trust, then, that the motion to
go into the Committee of the Whole will be voted
down, and that the House will proceed to the con-
sideration of the business on the Speaker's table.
The question was put on the motion that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole, and there
were, on a division—ayes 71 
Mr. STUART. I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered;and Messrs. McNair and
Polk were appointed.
The question was then taken, and the motion
was agreed to; the tellers having reported—ayes
75, noes 59.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC APPROPRIATIONS.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Orr in the chair,) and resumed the
consideration of House bill, No. 337, making ap- ,
propriations for the civil and diplomatic expenses
of Government for the year ending the 30th of j
June, 1854. ,
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment pending !
when the committee rose was, to strike out the i
words " three hundred" in miscellaneous items, !
under the head of contingent expenses of the
Treasury Department, and insert " two hundred j
and twenty-five."
The question was taken, and the amendment
was agreed to.
The following section was then read:
* " For cash system and military patents under laws prior
to 30th of September, 1850, patent and other records, tract
books, blank hooks and Uank formt for the district land
offices; binding plats, field notes, fee., stationery, office fur-
I
niture and repairs of the same, and miscellaneous items,
thirty-six thousand two hundred and twenty-five dollars."
Mr. HOUSTON. I move to strike out the
words " blank forms," and the words " three
huhdred," and insert " two hundred and twenty-
five."
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment, and it was agreed to.
Mr. HALL. I desire to offer the following
amendment, to come in at the end of that section:
Provided, Whenever the cost of collecting the revenue
from the sales of the public lands in any United States
land district shall be as much as one third of the whole
amount of revenue collected in said district, it shall and may
be lawful for the President of the United States, if ill his
opinion not incompatible with the public interests, to dis-
continue the land offices in said land district, and to annex
the said district to some o her adjoining land district or dis-
tricts of the United States.
The objeot of that amendment is this: Under
the existing laws, whenever the amount of land in
any land district does not exceed one hundred
thousand acres, then the President of the United
States has the power to discontinue the land offices
in that district. The Commissioner of the Land
Office, however, thinks that the provisions of that
law ought to be so amended as to permit the Presi-
dent, whenever the revenue from the sales of the
public lands in any district equals or exceeds one
third of the whole amount of revenue collected,
then the President of the United States may, if
he thinks the public interest will permit, discon-
tinue that land office and annex it to some other
adjoining district or districts.
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment, and it was agreed to.
The next section, providing for the contingent
expenses of the Department of the Interior, was
then read.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move to strike out the
words " blanks and printing" after the word
" records" in line 285.
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment, and it was agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move to strikeout lines
303 and 304, under the head of contingent ex-
penses of the Department of the Interior, which
read as follows:
| " For printing blanks, blank forms, and regulations, five
| thousand dollars."
| The question was taken, and the amendment
was agreed to.
The last clause of the section, providing for the
expenses of the Department of the Interior, was
then read, as follows:
" Contingent expenses of said building, viz: For labor,
fuel, lights, and incidental expenses, two thousand two
hundred dollars,"
Mr. HOUSTON. I move to strike out the
word " said" and insert in lieu thereof the words
" east wing of the Patent Office."
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I desire to
understand from the chairman of the Committee
on Ways and Means whether his object in offer-
ing this amendment is to provide that the Secre-
tary of the Interior shall take charge of and occupy
the east wing of the Patent Office Building?
Mr. HOUSTON. It is proposed that the east
wing of the building shall be occupied by the Sec-
retary of the Interior. I will say that the object
of this amendment is simply to confine the item
given to the Secretary of the Interior to that part
of the building which he is to occupy. It is not
intended to interfere with the original Patent Office
or its fund in any way. As it is, the Secretary of
the Interior will occupy the east wing of the build-
ing; and the proposition is that the fund shall be
applied to thatpurpose.
Mr. STANTON. It is for the purpose of elicit-
ing this fact, that I propounded the question to the
gentleman who stands at the head of the Com-
mittee on Ways and Means. I would like to
know by what authority the Secretary of the In-
terior is authorized to take possession of that
building. It was not constructed for that purpose,
but it was intended for an altogether different pur-
pose. It was intended for the purpose of the Pat-
ent Office, and for the deposit of models sent to the
Patent Office. I know of no law, and I presume
there is no low which authorizes this Secretary to
enter in and take possession of the building. I
hope the amendment will not prevail, if this be the
effect of it.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Make a law. The
Government erected the building.
Mr. STANTON. Do it in a proper way. The
building was erected for a different purpose.
Mr. CARTTER. I move to strike out the word
" patent" in the amendment offered by the gen-
tleman from Alabama.
I wish to call the attention of the committee to
the subject of wresting from the Patent Office a
building that was exclusively consecrated to that
purpose in its plan and design, and to answer an
imperative necessity—a building that has absorbed
the entire surplus of the Patent Office fund from
the time its foundation was laid. If you will re-
fer back to the legislation upon this subject, be-
ginning in 183G, it will be ascertained that a com-
mittee appointed by this House reported upon the
necessity of constructing a building for the ac-
commodation of your Patent Office after it was
destroyed by fire. Every recommendation, Ex-
ecutive and Congressional, has been based exclu-
sively upon the necessities of that office. Every
architectural dictate in the construction of that
building, from its foundation to its completion, has
been based upon the necessities of that office. The
office now, as every gentleman is aware who has
had occasion to transact business with it, is en-
cumbered for the want of room. Models are
piled up without order, and in a manner prevent-
ing access on occasions of examination, and they
are going to ruin in consequence of want of room.
The clerks of the office are now confined to a com-
mon hall in the transaction of its business, for the
want of room. Notwithstanding that, the chair-
man of the Committee on Ways and Means comes
in, and proposes, in defiance of the whole object
and design of the appropriation in connection with
that Department, to transfer it to another purpose—
a building conceived before the Department of the
Interior was, and constructed for the purpose of
accommodating the artisans of the United States
in every respect. Let me ask the honorable
chairman of the Committee on Ways and Means
what he proposes to do with that Patent Office ?
Whether he proposes to turn it out of that build-
ing entirely ?—for it is an ascertained fact from the
report of the office that the building is not suffi-
cient for the accommodation of its present pur-
Mr. SWEETSER. I am opposed to the
amendment of my colleague, and in favor of the
proposition of the chairman of the Committee on
Ways and Means. I do not profess to have so
intimate an acquaintance with the details of that
office as my honorable colleague. As we cast
our eyes upon the present structure, we find that
it covers an immense area. The west wing of the
building is now in process of construction, and will
in a short time be completed; and it seems to me
; that any man who supposes that that structure,
. covering as it does an entire square in the city of
j Washington, is needed for the Patent Office, must
: have extravagant notions in regard to the wants
i of the Patent Bureau. The question is propounded
' by the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Stanton]
to know by what authority the Secretary of the
Interior proposes to take possession of this build-
ing? Why, that Patent Office is under the con-
trol of the Secretary of the Interior, and is a
bureau of his Department.
Mr. CARTTER. I should like to have the
gentleman's authority.
Mr. SWEETSER. When the Interior Depart-
ment was authorized by law, there were a certain
number of Bureaus of the different Departments
of the Government transferred to it.
Mr. CARTTER. Was the Patent Office?
Mr. SWEETSER I believe so.
Mr. CARTTER. I should like to see the
clause. ,
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Examine the law
authorizing the Secretary of the Interior.
Mr. SWEETSER. T"hat is so, and I hope the
gentleman will not interrupt my remarks by his
spirit of criticisim. The main fact stands out, that
the structure now going up is of sufficient extent
to accommodate the Patent Office and the entire
J Department of the Interior.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. Will the gen-
tleman yield to me for a moment to make a single
remark? It is this: that the location of the De-
partment of the Secretary of the Interior is in a
different building from the Patent Office. It ia on
Fifteenth street near the Treasury Building. It
will be three or four years before the Patent Office
is completed.
