664
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 17,
Mr. SWEETSER. Every gentleman here
knows perfectly well that the Department of the
Interior—one of the most important Departments
of the Government—is located in a building entirely
insufficient in capacity to accommodate it. While
we are carrying up immense structures in Wash-
ington, I apprehend that Congress will make the
Patent Office yield, to some extent, to the accom-
modation of so important a Department as that of
the Interior. If that whole structure is to be car-
ried up, I care not from what fund the cost of its
erection comes, it will in my judgment be of suffi-
cient capacity to accommodate the Department of
the Interior and the Patent Office too, and should
be held for the accommodation of both. But, sir,
the inconvenience is infinitely less than that which
attaches to the Department of the Interior, in a J
building entirely insufficient for the accommoda- !
tion of the men engaged in the public service. I
do think that .there ought not to be any cavil about
this matter. Let us locate the Department of the j
Interior in the east wing of the building, and let 1
us progress with the erection of the west wing,
and irt due time there will be room enough in the
building to accommodate the whole Department.
Sir, I do not like to see an inferior Department,
or rather a Bureau, quarreling with the head that
has control of that Department with regard to the
occupancy of a building. My honorable colleague
being the head of the committee that has control
of the Patent Office, may have some little feeling
upon this subject, but 1 look to the accommoda^
tion of the most important Department of the
Government, and I would locate it for convenience
in that building.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Cart-
ter's amendment to the amendment, and it was
decided in the negative.
So the amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
The question recurred upon Mr. Houston's
amendment.
Mr. CARTTER. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the words "east wing."
Mr. Chairman, my colleague [Mr. Sweetser]
certainly does not do himself ordinary justice in
the position which he assumes upon this question.
He starts out with the hypothesis that the Patent
Office is, by law, a subsidiary office to the Depart-
ment of the Interior, and in that he is corrobor-
ated by the suggestions of other gentlemen.
Mr. SWEETSER. Will the gentleman per-
mit me to read the law ?
Mr. CARTTER. I have thelaw in my hand.
As I understand it, it merely transfers the Patent
Office from the State Department, in which it was
a bureau, to the Department of the Interior. The
Patent Office was in existence for years before the
Interior Department was conceived of. It is not
a Department of the Government, in the ordinary
acceptation of the term, as I understand it.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. If the gentle-
man will allow me, I desire to say that the amend-
ment offered by the chairman of the Committee on
Ways and Means does not contemplate, and has
nothing to do with the removal of the Department
of the Interior into the Patent Office Building. It
is merely to make sense of the clause. It reads
now: "contingent expenses o f said building."
There is no " said building." The only question
is, whether the appropriation which follows is
necessary for the east wing of the Patent Office.
If it is, then we ought to adopt the amendment.
Mr. CARTTER. "Very well; I have no objec-
tion. J
Mr. STEPHENS. Then let us vote upon the
amendment.
Mr. CARTTER. The gentleman says that the
object of the amendment is to make sense of the
/?v?6' t . ! ®lr' " 18 P,aster the Department
of the Interior upon the Patent Office Building,
and that is a kind of sense that I do not want male
Of It.
Now, let me say a word or two in reference to
the precise attitude of the Patent Office to the
Government. In the first place, it is a Congres- :
sional office—an office created for a specific pur- >!
pose, maintained by its own funds,and accounta-
ble directly to this body with thecodrdinatebranch
of the Legislature. To whom are the reports of
the Patent Office made? They are made here and
to this body directly. How is the machinery of
the Patent Office maintained > It is maintained out
of the funds contributed to it by the artisans who
take out patents—a peculiarity that the inventors
and mechanics seek to maintain for it. How are
the appointments made? They are made directly
by the President.
But, sir, in reference to the capacity of this
building. My colleague says that this building is
sufficiently large for the accommodation of both
of these Departments. Now, thereare something
like one hundred and fifty clerks in the Depart-
ment of the Interior. Stow them away in the
Patent Office, and there will not be a room for a
solitary Examiner. But my colleague says that
the building is abundantly sufficient, or that it has
surplus room. Why, sir, is my colleague aware
that the damp from the walls of that building is
to-day moulding away the models of patents
granted to the genius of this country?
[Here the hammer fell.] .
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I do not in-
tend to enter into the merits of this question,
which the gentleman from Ohio has been discuss-
ing, because I do not think that it is before the
House. If it was, I might, perhaps, agree with
the gentleman. But I beg to call his attention,
and the attention of the committee, to the amend-
ment offered by the chairman of the Committee
on Ways and Means. The clause of the bill as
it now stands, means nothing. It is as follows.
" contingent expenses of said building." Are the
appropriations for contingent expenses which fol-
low, necessary for the Patent Office Building?
If so, we ought to adopt the amendment and spe-
cify the building. If the gentleman from Alabama
afterwards brings forward a proposition for the
transfer of the head of the Department of the
Interior to the Patent Office Building, it will be
time enough then to oppose such transfer. I do
not know that there is any such proposition in
contemplation. This amendment is proper, apart
altogether from the considerations to which the
gentleman from Ohio has alluded. I suppose the
fact is, as the gentleman from Ohio has stated,
that it i intended to move the Department of the
Interior into that building. But that question is
not before us now, nor is it involved in the amend-
ment under consideration. Let us, therefore, pass
the amendment and go on with the bill.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. With the permis-
sion of the gentleman from Georgia, I wish merely
| to say that the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Cart-
ter] is entirely mistaken in his statement, that
there are one hundred and fifty clerks in the De-
partment of the Interior. There are only some
ten or twelve clerks in that Department proper.
If the gentleman includes the Patent Office, the
General Land Office, the Indian Office, the Office
of the Commissioner of Public Buildings, and all
the other bureaus under the Department, he can
make out more than one hundred and fifty clerks.
But it is not proposed, I presume, even by the
Secretary of the Interior himself, to move all of
those bureaus into the Patent Office Building, and
, 1 take it for granted that it is not necessary for us
| here to pass any law upon the subject. When-
ever that building shall be finished and the Secre-
tary of the Interior thinks proper—the building
i being under his charge and direction—he can
| move into it without any law upon the subject,
and abandon the building now rented for the use
of his Department.
Mr. CARTTER. That is just what I want to
prevent.
The question then was upon the amendment to
the amendment.
Mr. CARTTER. I will withdraw theamend-
ment to the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. That can be done by unan-
imous consent.
No objection being made, the amendment was
withdrawn.
Mr CARTTER. I now offer the following as
an amendment to the amendment:
Provided, That neither the office of the Secretary of the
Interior, nor any bureau thereof, other than the Patent
Office, sliall be located in the Patent Office Buildins until
directed by law.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to ask the Chair if
that amendment is in order? It is one that is likely
to lead to a good deal of discussion, and if I am
right in the opinion that it is out of order, I desire
to save the time that would be thus consumed. Iam .
exceedingly anxious to get through with this bill.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Alabama raise a question of order?
I Mr. HOUSTON. Yes, sir, I do. There is no
provision in this bill to transfer the Department of
the Interior to that building.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
the amendment is not in order.
Mr. CARTTER. I appeal from that decision.
This is an insidious attempt to divert the Patent
Office Building from the purpose for which it was
designed. I ask for the reading of my amend-
ment.
The Clerk read the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
that amendment is not in order. From that de-
cision the gentleman from Ohio appeals. The
question is, " Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the committee?"
Mr. SWEETSER. Upon that question I de-
mand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Polk and
Hart were appointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers
reported—ayes 39, noes 83.
So the decision of the Chair was overruled, and
the amendment to the amendment was decided to
be in order. 
Mr. CARTTER. I wish simply to remark,
without detaining the committee, that my sole
object is to preserve the Patent Office Building
under the design with which it was constructed—
to answer the necessities of this self-sustaining
Department until Congress shall by law say that
they shall not have it. That is the whole object
of the amendment.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The gentleman
from Ohio speaks of the Patent Office ^s a self-
sustaining office. Now, if that gentleman is ac-
quainted with the history of the wings that are
now in the course of erection, he knows that there
has been something like a million of dollars ap-
propriated out of the Treasury for that building,
and that it will require at least half a million more
out of the Treasury to complete the building, in-
dependent of the Patent Office fund. The gentle-
man ought to know further, thit many members
of this House, who have heretofore voted for these
, appropriations out of the Treasury, have done it
with the belief and expectation that, when the
building should be completed, a portion of it would
! be occupied by the Interior Department proper.
Mr. CARTTER. I wish to ask the gentleman
, a question. Has not the surplus patent fund all
been absorbed in that building ?
Mr. JONES. A hundred thousand or a hun-
dred and fifty thousand dollars. That is all.
Mr. CARTTER. I would ask the gentleman
one more question. Does he grudge the mechanics
of this Republic a house to do their business in
when they maintain it themselves?
Mr. JONES. I will say to the gentleman that
I feel as sincere a desire to promote the welfare
and interests of the mechanics of the country as
he does, without making any pretense of that
which I do not feel. I will say further, that in
my opinion, the honest people of the country are
swindled and imposed upon by persons who go
through the country, and by means of patent
rights obtained here, sell articles which are really
of no use to anybody.
The question was then taken on the amendment
to the amendment, and on a division there were 
ayes 74, noes 48.
So the amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
The question recurred on agreeing to Mr.
Houston's amendment as amended, and being
put, it was decided in the affirmative.
So the amendment as amended was adopted.
[A message was received from the Senate by the
hands of Asbury Diciu.vs.Esq., its Secretary,in-
forming the House that they had passed bills of
the following titles, viz:
An act authorizing the sale of certain reserved
, lands in the State of Alabama;
An act for the relief of Sophia Kirby; and
An act to supply deficiencies in the appropri-
ations for the serviceof the fiscal year ending June
30, 1854, with amendments.
Also, that the Senate insist upon the first
and fourth amendments to the bill of the House,
(iSo. 326,) entitled " An act to prevent frauds
upon thel reasury of the United States," to which
the House had disagreed, and ask a conference with
, the House upon the said disagreeing votes of the
two Houses; and
