1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
665
That the Senate have disagreed to the amend- [
ments of the House to the bill of the Senate, (No. ;
573,) entitled "An act for the relief of John |
Charles Fremont, late lieutenant colonel in the
Army of the United States."]
[A message was here received from the President
of the United States, by the hands of Millard P.
Fillmore, his Private Secretary, informing the
House that he had approved and signed bills of
the following titles:
An act granting the right of way to the St. Louis
and Iron Mountain Railroad Company, and for
other purposes;
An act to provide for the payment of the com- i
panies of Captains Bush, Price, and Suarez, for
military services in Florida; 1
An act for the relief of John Millar;
An act for the relief of Captain George P.
Smith;
An act to change the name of the steamboat
Forest City; and
An act to amend an act entitled " An act to
' create the office of surveyor general of the public
'lands in Oregon, and to provide for the survey,
' and to make donations to the settlers of the said
' public lands;" approved September 27, 1850.]
Mr. HOUSTON. I move to strike out the fol-
lowing paragraph:
"For printing Army Register,general orders, &c., one
thousand four hundred dollars."
Mr. STANLY. If the effect of the adoption of
this amendment will be to prevent these Army
Registers, &c., from being printed, I object to it.
They have always been printed, and 1 do not
know of wy reason why they should not continue
to be.
Mr. HOUSTON. The same explanation which
I made with regard to these printing amendments
on yesterday, will apply to this: The amendment
will not prevent them from being printed; but this
printing is to be done by the Public Printer, under
a law passed at the last session, and, therefore, it
would not be proper to make provision for it in
this manner.
The amendment was then adopted.
Mr. GORMAN. I move the following, to come
in after the clause which provides for the miscel-
laneous expenses of the office of the Colonel of
Ordnance:
That whenever any lieutenant of the Corps of Engineers,
or Corps of Topographical Engineers, shall have served four-
teen years continuous service, as lieutenant, he shall be
promoted to the rank of captain : Provided, That the whole
number of officers in either of said corps shall not be in-
creased beyond the number now fixed by law: Jlnd
provided further, That no officer shall be promoted before
those who rank him in his corps.
Mr. STANLY. I rise to a question of order.
This is a very unjust amendment, and I object to
it on that account. But it certainly cannot be in
order aside from that. j
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides the
amendment to be not in order.
Mr. GORMAN. I think this is in order. This j
portion of the bill provides for the expenses of
the Topographical Engineers, and the amendment
is certainly germane.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman ap-
peal from the decision of the Chair?
Mr. GORMAN. No, sir. I will not consume
the time of the committee.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Georgia. For the purpose
of getting at some information, which I desire
upon the subject, I move to strike out as follows:
" For rent of house on northwest cprner of F and Seven-
teenth streets, and warming all the rooms in it, twenty-one
thousand eight hundred and seventy-five dollars."
Mr. J. said: This paragraph proposes to pay a
certain amount of rent for the house which I un-
derstand to be Winder's Building. The last sec- ,
tion of the bill provides, that under certain circum-
stances, a certain officer of the Government shall
be authorized to purchase that building. Now, if
this purchase is to be made, I think that there is ,
no necessity for this clause in the bill authorizing '
the paymentof the rent. Onesection is inconsist-
ent with the other. I am in favor of purchasing, "
upon the score of economy, and I hope, therefore, j
this clause for the payment of rent will be stricken
out.
Mr. MEADE. I think it would be improper to
strike out that clause, because it may not be certain
that we can get a good title to the building if we
determine to purchase it. The section for its pur-
chase provides that a title shall be furnished to j
the Government free from liens and incumbrances,
to be accepted by the Attorney General and the
Secretary of the 1 reasury. Now, we do not know
the condition of that property. We do not know j
whether the present proprietor will be able to fur-
nish such a title as the Attorney General and the j
Secretary of the Treasury would approve. But,
if the building should be purchased, then there
would be no necessity for the money here appro-
priated to be expended for the payment of rent.
But, further: I find that this clause of the bill
not only provides for the payment of rent, but
for warming the building, which would also be
stricken out, if the amendment of the gentleman
from Georgia should prevail. I think, therefore, .
it is best to allow the clause to remain as it is, to
provide for the contingency which may arise, and
which will a*ise, if we are not able to obtain a
proper title to the building. If we desire, however,
to make the purchase, as I before remarked, there
will be no necessity of expending the money here
appropriated for rent. None of it will be expended
if the building be purchased.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the gentleman from Vir-
ginia will allow me, I thought the last section of
the bill proposing to purchase this building con-
tained a provision, that if the purchase took place,
the rent should stop; but I see it does not. It will,
however, be very easy to insert such a provision
in that section when we arrive at it, and that will
obviate all difficulty.
Mr. MEADE. There will certainly be aneces-
sity of making provision for fuel and lights.
Mr. HOUSTON. Oh, certainly. There must
be some provision made.
Mr. MEADE. I hope the gentleman from
Georgia will withdraw his amendment, and allow
the provision to remain as it is.
Mr. JOHNSON. I will withdraw the amend- j
ment, if there be no objection. [
The amendment was, by general consent, with- ]
drawn.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I move the
following, to come in after line 411:
For the purchase of ground and the erection of suitable
residences for the Secretaries of State, Treasury, Interior,
War, and Navy, the Postmaster General, and Attorney Gen-
eral, $200,000. Provided, That the whole cost of the said
edifices shall not exceed this sum.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I submit whether
the amendment is in order ? We have no estimates
for the work, and there is no ground purchased.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would have no
hesitation in deciding the question, but for the de-
cision of the committee on an amendment involv-
ing the same principle a few minutes ago. The
Chair, however, decides the amendment to be out
of order.
Mr. STANLY. Did the Chair say that he had
decided now contrary to the decision of the com- j
mittee made before upon this amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. This is not the same
amendment upon which the committee before de- j
cided. |
Mr. STANLY. But has the Chair decided J
differently now from what he did before ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair begs leave to
read the rule under which he makes his decision: 1
"81. No appropriation shall be reported in such general
appropriation bills, or be in order as an amendment thereto,
for any expenditure not previously authorized by law, unless
in continuation of appropriations for such public works and
objects as are already in progress, and for the contingencies
for carrying on the several Departments of the Govern-
ment."
Mr. STANTON. This is certainly a contin-
gency for carrying on one of the departments of
the Government.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that ;
it does not come under any of the three heads spe-
cified in the rule, and therefore is not in order.
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. I move, to come in j
at the end of the following clause of the bill, viz:
—" For compensation of the chief of the Bureau of Con- .
struction, Equipment and Repairs, and the clerks, draughts-
man, and messenger, in his office, $13,600"— j
the following proviso, viz: |
Provided, That the chief of the bureau shall be a skillful j
naval constructor, as required by the act approved August
31,1842, instead of captain of the Navy. [
Mr. STANLY. I rise to a question of order. 1
I dare say that is a good amendment; but we have I
a bill for the reorganization of the Navy which j
will soon be up, and I would suggest that at least
it would be better to provide for these matters in
that bill. !
Mr. FULLER. It is in confirmation of the
j existing laws.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the
amendment is in order.*
Mr. FULLER madesome remarks explanatory
of his amendment, and in favor of its adoption.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. CLARK. I move to amend by inserting
at the end of the 434th line the following:
For the purpose of providing a temporary hospital for the
relief ot sick and disabled boatmen at Dubuque, Iowa to
be expended under the direction of the Secretary of the
Navy, five thousand dollars.
Mr. STANLY. Is this amendment in order ?
I have no objection to it, if it is not out of order
to offer it.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I rise to a question
of order. I do object to it.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides the
amendment to be out of order, there being no ex-
isting law to authorize it.
Mr. OLDS. I move the following amendment:
For raising the salary of one of the $1,600 clerks in the
Post Office Department to the grade of a chief clerk, to be
employed ill conducting the correspondence, and perform-
ing other duties relating to the foreign mails and postal ar-
rangements with foreign countries, four hundred dollars.
I offer this amendment with the concurrence of
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads,
and also in accordance with the wish of the De-
partment. I send a letter to the Clerk's desk from
the Postmaster General, which I ask to have read.
The letter was read, as follows:
Post Office Department, February 17, 1853.
Sir : At the last session of Congress, an amendment to
the civil and diplomatic appropriation bill was offered and
received the sanction of the Senate, authorizing the Post-
master General to appoint and employ seven additional
clerks in the Post Office Department, namely: one at an
annual salary of $1,800, two at $1,600, two at $1,200, and
two at $1,000; but this, with other amendments, being on
the last day but one of the session referred to a Committee
of Conference of the two Houses, it was modified, by stri-
king out the $1,800 and one ofthe $1,600 salaries, and in this
shape the bill became a law. This $1,800 salary was in-
tended for the officer having, under the immediate super-
vision of the Postmaster General, the charge of the foreign
division of this Department—a pgst of great and increasing
responsibility, and one requiring more than the ordinary
capacity and labor to perform its duties.
On the presumption that no bill for the reorganization of
this Department is likely to become a law this session, 1
beg respectfully and earnestly to recommend that an amend-
ment be made to some bill, whereby the salary of this offi-
cer may be increased to $'2,000 a year.
A draft of the required amendment is herewith submitted.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient
servant, S. D. HUBBARD, Postmaster General.
Hon. Edson B. Olds, Chairman Committee on Post Office
and Post Roads, House of Representatives,
P. S. A similar letter to this has been addressed to the
chairman ofthe Post Office and Finance Committees in the
Senate.
Mr. HALL. I wish to say, in reference to the
amendment offered by my friend from Ohio, that
I think we ought not to adopt it. Certainly the
Democrats can carry on the Government as cheap
as the Whigs can. The Whig clerks receive only
$1,600, and the Democrats ought to ask only the
same amount.
The question was then taken on the amendment
offered by Mr. Olds, and it was disagreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move to strike out the
word "five" and insert the word "two" in the
following clause:
"For compensation of the Auditor of the Post Office
Department, and the clerks, messenger, and assistant mes-
senger in his office, one hundred and five thousand two
hundred dollars."
The question was taken, and the amendment
was agreed to.
Mr. BOWIE. I desire to offer an amendment
at this stage of the bill, which, it seems to me, is
the proper place for it. It is nothing more than
the amendment which was embodied in the bill of
September, 1852. It provides an additional com-
pensation of ten per cent, to the clerks, messen-
gers, watchmen, and laborers, employed at annual
or temporary salaries in the Executive and Legis-
lative Departments at Washington.
Mr. HOUSTON. I would suggest that the
gentleman allow us to go on with the bill, and
bring up his amendment at the end of the bill.
Mr. BOWIE. It seems to me to come in ap-
propriately here, as we pass through the appro-
priations for the expenses of the different Depart-
ments of the Government. In the bill of 1852 it
was incorporated among the miscellaneous items.
It is wholly immaterial to me at what part of the
