668
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 17,
Mr HOUSTON1. I object to debate; it is out
of order.
Mr. McLANAHAN. The Chair allows me
to make a sussrestion. The Governor of New
Mexico refused to appoint a district attorney.
Three hundred persons were in jail for very high
offenses asamst the territorial law 
Mr. LETCHER. I rise to a question of order.
The point has been decided and no appeal has
been taken.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I propose thefollowing
amendment at this point:
For lhe erection of a penitentiary, at such a point in the
Territory of New Mexico may be selected by the Gov-
ernor and Legislative Assembly of said Territory, the sum
Of 500,tXH).
Mr. HOUSTON. I suppose there is no law
authorizing the erection of that penitentiary :
Mr. RICHARDSON. There is no law author-
izing it.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides the
amendment to be out of order.
The following clause of the same section was
then read:
" For contingent expenses of said Territory, one thousand
dollars.''
Mr. GORMAN. I offer the following amend-
ment, to come in at the end of that clause:
For the payment of the expenses of the Board of Com-
missioners to prepare and compile a code of laws for the
better government of the Territory of New Mexico, author
lzed by the act of the Legislative Assembly, approved July
15th. I i. the sum of one thousand eight hundred and fifty-
five dollars.
That is by express authority of law, so I sup-
pose it is in order. It is authorized by an act of
the Territorial Legislature.
Mr. DEAN. I rise to a question of order, and
my point of order is, that there is no law author-
izing that appropriation.
Mr. GORMAN. How does the gentleman
know?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
question of order raised by the gentleman from
New York, and decides the amendment to be in
order.
Mr. GORMAN. The preceding law reads,
" For the contingent expenses of said Territory,
81,000." By the law now in force in regard to the
Territory, it is required that there should be pre-
pared a code in accordance with that law. The
Territorial Legislature of New Mexico passed the
following act, which I will read:
" An Act providing for a Board of Commissioners, and for
other purposes.
'l Be it enacted by the Legislative Assembly of the Terri-
tory of New Mexico, That the Governor, by and with the
advice and consent of the Council, shall appoint five per-
sons, who ^hall constitute a Board of Commissioners, to
prepare and compile a code of laws for the better govem-
meni of tins Territory; also, a digest of the laws now in
force, and report at the next session of the Assembly.
" Sec. 2. Said Board of Commissioners shall have tile
authority to employ a clerk and translator, whose fees and
compensation shall be regulated by said Commissioners;
and shall have full authority to send for and procure all
papers and books m the archives of the Territory, and those
that may be necessary for the fulfillmentof their duties.
" Sec. 3. In ca«-e of a vacancy in said Board by death,
resignation, or otherwise, the Governor shall be auihorized
to appoint another person to fill the vacancy.
" Set. 4. The compensation ofeach member of said Board
of Commissioners, shall be five dollars for each day of act-
ual session, to be certified by the President of the Board ;
and said compensation, and the salaries of the clerk and
translator, and other necessary expenses, to be paid out of
the fund appropriated for the use of the Legislative Assem-
bly
" Sec. 5. This act to be in force from and after its pas-
sage."
In accordance with that fact the board of com-
missioners met and discharged that duty. The
board thus appointed, consisted of two judges of
the court appointed by the President, and Mr.
Watts, Speaker of the House of Representatives,
and a Spanish gentleman, whose name I do not
make out, whose pay in all amounted to §1,855,
which comes dulycertified by theproper authorities
of theTerritory of New Mexico. I offer the amend-
ment in behalf of the gentleman from New Mex-
ico, and at his request; and as I am familiar with
the facts in the case, I will state them to the
House. I supposed that under the law this money
could be paid by an order from the First Comp-
troller of the Treasury. The Comptroller, how- '
ever, after a careful and, as he supposed, a labored
investigation of the point of law involved, decided
that it needed a special appropriation by Congress, i
That was the code of laws made by thene Com-
missioners; but the First Comptroller decided that
he could not pay the sum asked for under the con-
struction which he to the law. I am clearly
satisfied, and I think I could demonstrate, if it
weie necessary, upon tins occasion, that it is the
duty of the Comptroller to pay it, because it comes
within the legitimate purview and authority of the
Territorial Legislature. It has been executed ac-
cording to their authority, and it has been proved
and accepted according to their authority, and all
that remains is for the Commissioners to be paid.
During the last session of Congress, I moved also
in the appropriation bill, for the gentleman from
New Mexico, [.Mr. Wfiuiitmw,] an amendment
providing for tlie payment of the Commissioners.
It passed this House, and went to the Senate.
Upon the several territorial amendments, there
was a committee of conference appointed, but
that committee, in the multiplicity of amendments,
lost this one in regard to New Mexico.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was then taken upon Mr. Gorman's
amendment, and it was agreed to.
The following clause was then read:
" For compensation and mileage of the members of the
Legislative Assembly, officers, clerks, and contingent ex-
penses of the Assembly, twenty thousand dollars."
Mr. HOUSTON. I offer the following amend-
ment: After the word "dollars" insert the fol-
lowing:
And it is hereby provided that the appropriation made by
the act approved the 13tli September, 18o0, for public
buildings tor the Territory of New Mexico," is to continue
and be made applicable to the act originally contemplated,
notwithstanding the provisions of the 10th section of the
act ot August 31,1?5U.
The object of that amendment is this: The
10th section of the civil and diplomatic bill of the
last session carries back into the Treasury appro-
priations which have been outstanding for two
years. The Territory has not been able to make
the arrangements and commence the public build-
ings, and they fear that they will not within the
two years, and they ask this as a precautionary
measure. It is a reappropriation in fact.
The question was then taken on Mr. Houston's
amendment, and it was agreed to.
Mr. STUART. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Territories to offer the following amend-
ment:
" For additions to the territorial libraries of Oregon, Min-
nesota, New Mexico, and Utah, five hundred doll,irs each—
said sums to be expended under the direction of the Gov-
ernors of said Territories."
I desire only to state, in a few words, the object
of this amendment. This subject has passed
under the investigation of the Committee on Ter-
ritories; and believing that these additions to the
libraries were necessary, they have instructed me
to offer it.
Mr. HOUSTON. No one will^ibject to it.
The question was then takep on Mr. Stuart's
amendment, and it was agreed to.
The following clause being under consideration:
"For salaries of the district judges, seventy thousand
seven hundred dollars
Mr. MEADE said": I move to amend that
clause by striking out "seventy" and inserting
"eighty" in lieu thereof; so as to make the sum
eighty thousand seven hundred dollars. If this
amendment shall be adopted by the committee, I
intend to follow it up with an amendment to the
effect that the salary of a district judge shall, in
no case, be less than £2,000. I hope, therefore,
that this amendment will be voted upon by the
committee with a view to following it up with the
amendment which I have indicated.
Mr. STUART. 1 suggest to the gentleman
that perhaps it would be better to inquire of the
Chair whether the other amendment would be re-
garded as in order?
Mr. MEADE. I shall follow tip this amend-
ment, if it is adopted, with a proposition to this
effect: Provided, that in no case shall a district
judge be paid less than two thousand dollars. I
presume that, in that shape, it would be in order.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The salary of each
of these judges is now fixed by law. The gen-
tleman's amendment would, therefore, propose to
change the law with regard to those whose sala-
ries are below $2,000, and, I think, would decid-
edly not be in order.
Mr. MEADE. The committee, in voting upon
this amendment, will express their opinion as to
the policy of fixing the salaries of all the distr.ct
judges at $2,000.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Meade's
amendment, and it was not agreed to.
The following clause being under consideration:
'•For defraying the expenses of the supreme, circuit,
and district courts ol the United States, including the Dis-
tnct of Columbia ; also, lor jurors and witnesses in aid of
the liinds arising from lines, penalties, and forfeiture*, in-
(urred in the fiscal year ending June thirtieth, eighteen
hundred and filly-l'our, and previous years, and likewise
for defraying the expenses of suits in which the United
States are concerned, and of prosecutions for oflenses
committed a«ainst the United States, and for thesafo-keep-
inir of prisoners, si\ hundred and seventy-two thousand
nine hundred dollars
Mr. McLANAHAN said: I rise to make an
inquiry of the chairman of the Committee on
Ways and Means. I wish to know if the esti-
mates for that clause are predicated upon the fee
bill now pending before the House?
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 presume not; they were
estimated in the ordinary way.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would suggest
to the gentleman from Pennsylvania that a bill
passed the House the other day, upon his motion,
increasing the salary of the judge of the criminal
court of this District. I think that increase is not
included in the estimate. The gentleman had
better look to that.
Mr. MEADE. The best way will be to amend
the clause providing for the payment of thejudges
of this District by adding five hundred dollars to
the appropriation. I move to strikeout "two"
and insert " seven," so as to make the provision
read as follows:
" For salaries of the chief justice of the District of Co-
lumbia, the associate judges, and the judges of the criminal
court and the orphans' court, eleven thousand seven hun-
dred dollars "
That will cover the increase of salary which we
have given to the judge of the criminal court.
INIr. JONES. I wish to inquire, first, if that
bill was a Senate bill -
Mr. McLANAHAN. It was; and it has passed
both Houses.
Mr. JONES. Then it is now a law?
Mr. McLANAHAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. MEADE. Myamendment will cover that
increase of salary.
Mr. STANLY. I am opposed to that amend-
men—formally, of course. My only objection to
it arises from the conduct of the present judge of
the criminal court. I understand that, during the
last Congress, an officer of this House was sum-
moned before the grand jury of this District to
give evidence in some case connected with the
gambling-houses which are tolerated in this city,
to the disgrace of the whole country; that the
officer declined to attend, and that the judge of
the criminal court held that he was exempted from
going before the grand jury by virtue of his being
an officer of this House. Now, that is a startling
decision to me. Surely none but members of
Congress are exempt from process of debt, and
so forth. If the judge made that decision, I want
to call attention to it, and to see if the chairman
of the Judiciary Committee will stand up here
and back the judge. I think he will find, upon
inquiry amongst the gentlemen of the bar, that it is
regarded as a very extraordinary decision. At
all events, we ought to have a rule of some sort
to make our officers attend to prosecute, not only
gamblers, but thieves of all other kinds and char-
acters, by whatever names you may call them.
Mr. McLANAHAN. This is the first time
I have ever heard anything of the subject that has
been introduced into this discussion by the gen-
tleman from North Carolina. If Judge Crawford's
decision was such as the gentleman has intimated,
I have no hesitation in saying that that decision
was made upon precedent, and is according to
law. On the same principle that members of Con-
gress are exempted from the processes of the courts,
all the officers of this House would be likewise ex-
empted. It the officers of the House were removed,
under proiess of a court of justice, the organiza-
tion of the House would be destroyed, and the
public business could not progress. I apprehend
that this is the principle upon which Judge Craw-
ford based his decision. It is evident that if one of
the officers of the House could be removed by
judicial process, then all may be, and the business
of the House would not only be interrupted, but
the legislative power would become subject to the
judicial. The judgment of Judge Crawford is
