672
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 18.
make his speech upon this amendment. After
this amendment shall be disposed of, the bill will
be open. Nobody supposes that a vote will be
taken on the passage of the bill before the Senator
comes in, and then it will be just as much open to
debate as now, and upon the very same question
which the amendment presents.
Mr. BORLAND. It was my purpose to avail
myself of the occasion of the taking up of this bill
to make a few remarks in connection with the rail-
road system. Do I understandthat the bill is
now under consideration ?
The PRESIDENT. It is.
Mr. RUSK. We are anxious to get a vote on
the amendment of the Senator from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Brodhead.]
RAILROADS IN ARKANSAS.
Mr. BORLAND. Mr. President, if the Sena-
tor from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Cooper,] who is
entitled to the floor, will be in his seat, as he prob-
ably will be presently, I perhaps could occupy
the attention of the Senate twenty or thirty min-
utes until he comes. I desire to make a few re-
marks, and perhaps this will be the best time for
them.
What I desire to say, though not directly, yet
substantially, connects itself with the bill now be-
fore us, and for that reason, will be in order; but
as it is also somewhat personal to myself, I will,
with the permission of the Senate, put it in the
form of explanation of what took place here upon
a bill already passed. That is the House bill of
last session, granting land for railroads in Arkan-
sas, which I find by the published proceedings,
passed the Senate on Saturday, the 5th instant.
That my name does not appear as a participant
in the debate which preceded the passage of that
bill, may seem strange to those, especially at
home, who know the deep interest I feel in rail-
road grants to my State, the prominent part I
have heretofore taken in conneclion with them,
and the exertions I have made for them, so often
and so zealously as to incur the epithet of " per-
tinacious" from some of my friends upon this
floor. For this reason, I deem it to be a duty I
owe alike to my constituents and myself, to make >
a statement of the cause and circumstances of my I
silence on the occasion alluded to. I wish to make
thatstatement here, thus publicly, and in presence
of those who know the truth, that it may go upon
the official record. I would not be misunderstood
by any one; and I would guard myself against
the injustice of those from whom better things
might have been expected, but who, to subserve 1
what they thought to be their own interests, have
on a former occasion willfully and grossly misrep-
resented me. For, sir, I am so far like other men, 1
as to have enemies at home—(enemies, because
the people of Arkansas, when I was not yet five
years a citizen of the State, were pleased to send
me here to represent them, and that too by more
than a two-thirds vote of the whole Legislature,
and by sixty-six out of seventy-four Democratic
votes)—enemies who,from that time, have dogged ;
my heels with a hostility alike relentless and vin-
dictive. And of this hostility you may sufficiently
judge, when I tell you it has spared not what even
savages are said to respect; for, with an assassin's
instinct, they pursued me even into the sick cham-
ber of my humble household, when powerless to
defend, and oppressed with fefelings which every
manly heart will appreciate—I was watching what
seemed the fast-ebbing lives of those most depend-
ent upon and most dear to me—and made the
very fact of my being there the subject of their
fiend-like assaults. Even then, and for that, those
enemies discharged their poisoned arrows at me
from behind, and some of them from ambush; say-
ing, what none better than themselves knew to
be false, that I was away from this Chamber to
the neglect of my public duties to my State, and
to avoid the responsibility of important votes !
The occasion I allude to, of this misrepresenta-
tion, was the passage of the compromise acts of
1850. And yet it was matter of record here, that
I was among the first to take position, and express
decided views upon those questions; but that rec-
ord was not then in Arkansas. And yet further,
also, it was known to every Senator who ob-
served the business of the session—and I appeal
to all who were then here, that no interest pertain-
ing to my State was left unattended to by me  11
and that no responsibility which one so humble as
myself could properly assume, in regard to any >
public measure, had been, or has since been,
avoided, or, even by indirection or accident,
evaded by me; but then there were none of you
in Arkansas to testify for me the truth as here it
was known. My own single, plain statement of
the truth, was all I had to oppose to the calum-
nious clamors of the human jackalls who hunted
me. But the people, and their representatives
then assembled, believed me; and, out of one hun-
dred members of the Legislature, but five could be
found to say otherwise.
The Senate will, I trust, pardon these allusions
which can have, of course, for others than myself,
only that general interest which every honorable
man must feel for fair dealing everywhere; for, in
every heart, as in mine, there are, I doubt not,
fountains of feeling which, howeverdeep they may
lie, the hard hand of the wrong-doer will some-
times reach, and so disturb, as to make them
overflow with words of bitterness, which all must
recognize as their natural expression. As, con-
nected with the former occasion, I now stand right
upon the record at home, and justified before my
own people; so I would stand right, and justify
myself as connected with the present question;
and, therefore, I will now explain my silence
when others spoke here on the 5th instant, upon
the Arkansas railroad bill. I was silent, because
I was not here. And I was absent, because I
did not expect the bill would come up for consid-
eration; indeed I had the best of reasons for be-
lieving it would not come up. The circum-
stances are these: It will be recollected, that
some two weeks before my colleague gave no-
tice that on Monday of the following week he
would move to take up the bill in question. The
day came and passed, but doubtless for good
and proper reasons, the motion was not made.
So came and passed Tuesday and Wednesday
and Thursday, and the motion was not made.
On Thursday I informed my colleague that, as
my bad health made a few days rest desirable,
and as business of some importance called me
to a neighboring State, I would like to be absent
until the following Monday, if he thought nothing
affecting the interests of our State would come
up for consideration before that time. He ex-
pressed the opinion that nothing of the kind would
occur within that period. With this understand-
ing I parted with him, and that evening left the
city for Virginia. Unexpected and unusual de-
tention of steamboats delayed my return two days,
and I did not reach here again until Tuesday night
last. Upon my arrival, the first paper I took up ,
contained the Senate proceedings of the 5th, in j
| which I saw that on Saturday—only some thirty-
j six hours after I went away, my colleague had
called up the Arkansas bill, which, after a short
dabate, was passed, Well, sir, although this did.
I confess, surprise me, I mention it not to im-
pugn the motives, nor arraign the course, of my
colleague, nor to object to the passage of the bill.
But I do mention it, as explaining my absence on
that occasion; for, most assuredly, as my colleague
well knows, and for reasons I had given him,
I would not have been absent if I had supposed
such proceedings were to take place at that time.
And now, sir, to complete my explanation, a
word as to the reasons of my desire to be present
when the bill was to be acted upon. It will be
recollected, that at the last session I introduced
several bills for railroad grants in Arkansas; and
that subsequently I reported, from the Committee
on Public Lands, two bills, embracing the pro-
visions of those several bills; and that those two,
granting land for three roads entirely across the
State, with fixed termini, were passed by the Sen- ,
ate, and sent to the House. These two bills were
based upon various memorials from the people of
Arkansas, and framed in conformity with the
wish of the memorialists, as indicated by their
action, as companies, organized for the construc-
tion of these particular roads. The first, from
Memphis, via Little Rock to Fulton; the second,
from Helena, via Little Rock to Fort Smith; and
the third, from Gaines's Landing, via Camden, to
Fulton. If there ever was, anywhere, an ex-
pression of opinion, or any indication of a wish,
by any one in Arkansas in favor of any other
road than these, I can truly say I never heard of
it, nor have I found any one else who heard of it
until within the last three days of last session, '
there came to us here from the House, at a time,
and under circumstances when, under our rules,.
it was impossible to pass it through the Senate,
j against a single objection, the bill which you
passed last Saturday.
My exertions on this floor, and my earnest-
ness in making what was called " pertinacious "
efforts, have not been forgotten—certainly not by
the Senators whose objections I labored to over-
come—exertions which were continued until the
last hour of-the session, and not abandoned until
absolute impossibility of success was made conclu-
sive, and a further continuance of them would have
obstructed the indispensable business of the Senate.
And yet, as is well known, I did not approve the
bill, because it had not been asked for, nor wished
for, by the people of my State; for the reason that
it was not adapted to their wants, nor calculated to
promote their interests, as well as those bills they
had asked for, and which, having passed the Sen-
ate, were then, and are now, pending, or rather
sleeping the sleep of death, from which no
friendly hand has sought to raise them in the
House. Why, then, did I make such exertions
for the passage of such a bill? For the same rea-
sons, sir, that I would not have opposed it, this
session, had I been here when it passed. Those
reasons are, first, I was assured .by my colleague
of the House that this was the only bill for Ar-
kansas which it was possible to get through the
House. It was, therefore, this or nothing for my
State, which so much needed aid for the construc-
tion of her roads; and as this covered part of the
ground we wanted, though miserably short of our
real wants, and especially as I hoped it might,
subsequently, be amended when a " sober second
thought " should prove its defects, I brought my
own preference, and even the people's preference,
for the sake of their interest, in subordination to
mv sense of duty, and accepted for them this
" half a loaf," rather than get " no bread " at all.
And there was peculiar force in this reason at the
close of our last session. Two months from that
time the Legislature of my State was to meet, and
it meets but once in two years. And I thought
that any sort of a grant of land, even this one,
" scarce half made up " as it was, submitted to
the State Legislature, under the influence of the
spirit of internal improvement which was recently
aroused and active with our people, might possibly
be converted to some useful purpose. I was un-
willing to lose the certainty of obtaining a partial
good then, even for the probability of a much
greater good thereafter.
Second, I confess to a reason, certainly subor-
dinate to, yet scarcely less potential with me (at
! least so far ■as my feelings are concerned) than,
the one I have stated. It was a sincere, an anx-
ious, an almost invincible unwillingness, that
either the interest, the dignity, or the honor of
our State should suffer even temporary detriment
or derogation, from even a seeming absence of
harmony in the councils, or want of unity in the
action of her Congressional delegation, upon any
measure directly relating to her. And that during
the whole period of my service here I have
evinced that spirit, I appeal to the record to prove
that no bill for Arkansas, or any one of her peo-
pie, (and I remember now but two that have
come, one a private and one a public bill, and
both small,) has ever come here from the House
that I have not devoted myself to it at once, and,
thanks to the Senate's courtesy, succeeded in
passing through this body, within a week at fur- •
thest from its coming to us, until this particular
"Cairo bill," the circumstances of my want of
success with which (because it was impossible)
I have already stated.
And yet, sir, in full view, and with full knowl-
edge of all this, those same enemies of mine, of
whom I have spoken, true to their instincts, and
relentlessly bent on their ulterior purposes, have
made my failure to get that bill through the Senate,
last session, matter of taunt and reproach against
me, and, in connection with it, expressed their
great regret at my colleague's absence from his
seat in this Chamber on that occasion; not that he
was sick and suffering, and his life in danger—their
patriotism and public spirit soared above such
vulgar considerations—but because, had he been
here, his influence" would have been sufficiently
potential to overrule the fatal objections of the
Senators from Kentucky and New York, to nul-
* ru'es 'he Senate, and to pass the bill!
Another of their arrows shot "from ambush."
Jan satis !
