674
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 18,
route from Cairo to the Arkansas boundary, in |
the direction of Little Rock, must be through a j,
Bwamny and overflowed region, perhaps the most ,
swampy and most overflowed of all the country
west of the Mississippi, and, as such, belongs to
the State of Missouri, under the act of September
28, lt.iil; not excepting, I venture to say, within
the whole scope of this so-called railroad grant,
more, at the outside, than a dozen sections, now
within the gift of the United States. And this,
in connection with a provision in the bill itself,
which professes to give it, makes this just no grant
at all. The provision of the bill I allude to is in
the fifth section, in the following words:
"sfc. s. -Snd be it further enacted, That the lands hereby
granted to said Slates shall be disposed of by said States
only in manner lollowinu; that is to say, that a quantity of
land not exceeding one hundred and twenty sections, and
included within a continuous length of twenty miles of said
road, may be sold; arid when the Governors of said State
or Staley shall certify to the Secretary of the Interior that
twenty continuous miles of said road is completed, then
another like quantity ot land hereby granted may he sold ;
and so, from time to tune, until said road is completed ; and
if said road is not completed within ten years, no further
sales shall be nude, ami the land unsold shall revert to the
United States."
Now,sir,supposingthat "chartered company,"
whose existence my colleague seems to regard as
"instructions" in favor of this bill, should under-
take to " bay the moon,"—or, what is about the
same, attempt to build this road, whence would
they get the land to aid in the construction of the
first, the second, the third, or the fourth section
of twenty miles, along the whole eighty, from
Cairo to "the Arkansas line? Nowhere! for there
is none there.
The Senator from Missouri [Mr. Geyer] was
especially and practically light when he said that
if St. Louis, instead of Cairo, had been made the
terminus on the Mississippi, the road would have
been a valuable one to the range of States west of
the great river. Yes, sir, that would have made |
a road of incalculable value to Missouri, Arkan- 1
sas, and Louisiana; for it would have connected,
by almost a straight line, St. Loais and New Or-
leans, the two great commercial centers upon the
Upper and the Lower Mississippi, and made the
three States 1 have mentioned the thoroughfare, at j
all seasons of the year, despite the obstructions to
navigation, by ice and low water, for the already
great and rapidly-growing tide of trade and travel,
which naturally seeks, and must, in some way,
find an outlet and an inlet upon the Gulf of Mexico,
which latter is destined to become our own Med-
iterranean. Look upon the map, sir, and you !
cannot resist these conclusions. Look upon the |
map, sir, and account, if you can—I find it im-
possible, upon the basis of human reason—for the
mental vagary which could have put Cairo, in
place of St. Louis, in this bill. " Look upon this
picture!—and upon this!" A railroad from Cairo!
I repeat, sir, it cannot be made—it ought not to be
made—it will not be made; and it would be out of
place, and valueless, if it were made. Missouri
did not ask for, and does not want it, as her Sen-
ator has told you. Arkansas did not ask for it,
does not want it, cannot make it; and, even if it
■were made, she could not—and, if she exercised
common sense, she would not use it. ' And for the
following reasons, which must be obvious, and I
think conclusive, to every plain-minded man:
First: The people of Arkansas have no business
at Cairo. Their market, alike for exports and
imports, is in the opposite direction; and if, in the
prosecution of their business, whether of trade or
travel, they were placed at Cairo, they would be
further from market (and in a wrong direction)
than when they left home; and they would have
to leave the place, correct this error loci as soon as
possible, and inevitably, at much cost of time,
comfort, and money. Look at the place as you
may, and the longer you study it the more strong-
ly will the conviction be forced upon you that it
can never become one of the commercial centers,
or great marts of trade; and that no man of intel-
ligence will ever go therefor business or for pleas-
ure. We know that a company, said to be of
large English capitalists, have been for many
years trying to make a town at Cairo. We know,
also, that they have failed to make it; as every
one has failed, and will always fail, and ought to
fail, who so grossly violates the laws of trade,
as to build a town where one is not needed, and
where, if built, it could not be supported. Such
a projector, sir, were just of that order of wis-
dom which Swift so aptly exemplifies in the La- |
putan architect, who begun his house at the ridge I
pole, and attempted to build downwards! I
Second: Cairo is not a suitable terminus on the
Mississippi for a railroad; because, in addition to
the general objection I have stated, access to it
and egress from it, by navigation, are suspended on
each of its three approaches formany miles during
several months of almost every year, if not of
every year. I had occasion to mention this to my
honorable friend from Kentucky IMr. Under-
wood] a few weeks ago, when speaking of the
Mississippi terminus of the Pacific railroad. I said
then and repeat now, that that terminus should be !
at the head of perpetual navigation on the Missis- |
sippi; and I said then, and repeat now, that that
point is Memphis. This is what the people of
my State believe and desire. In this 1 understand ;
both the Senators from Tennessee to concur with
me, and 1 have been greatly misled if I have not
also in this the concurrence of both my colleagues,
the one here, the other in the House.
If, then, Memphis be the proper terminus of the
great Pacific railroad, which assumes, of course,
that it must pass through Arkansas, why was not
Memphis made, in this bill, the terminus of the
Arkansas system of roads, which was designed
to constitute a part, and would indeed be the first
eastern link of the Pacific chain? All this, Ar-
kansas asked, desired, expected, to be done. Why
was it not done? The same reason applies to the
two cases, (which, indeed, are but parts of the
same case;) and, convincing our judgment in the
one should have done so in the other, and have
controlled our action in both. Why, it has not
done this, and why Cario ! of all the places in the
whole range of choice, should have been put in
place of Memphis, is not for me to pronounce. In
the light of circumstances, and all fair conjecture,
let others judge.
And here let me call the attention of Senators
and the country to a circumstance connected with
the Pacific railroad and its proposed route through
Arkansas, which does not seem to me to have been
sufficiently noticed, but which is of great and most
significant importance, in a practical point of view.
This circumstance is, that the same parallel of
latitude, about 35° 10', runs from Memphis through
the center of Arkansas, to Fort Smith, and thence ;
to Albuquerque, where it seems'now to be gener-
ally conceded the first mountain barrier must be
gassed, en route to the Pacific. The river, as it
i passes to the north of that parallel, trending east- I
ward from Memphis,far above Cairo, and almost
! to St. Louis, some four hundred miles altogether,
the fact is established that the shortest distance
from the Mississippi anywhere between Memphis
and St. Louis, to the pass in the mountains, is
from Memphis, due west, very near Little Rock,
through Fort Smith, (where the Arkansas river
cuts the western line of the State,) along the valley
of the Canadian, and through Albuquerque. And
this "air line " runs its whole length, about one
thousand miles, which is about one half of the
whole route to the Pacific, through a country which
we know beyond conjecture to be easily practicable,
! and eminently adapted for the construction and
profitable use of a railroad. This is not only im-
portant and pregnant with significance to the coun-
try at large in fixing the eastern terminus of the
main trunk of the Pacific road, but its importance
and significance to Arkansas are of a character so
peculiar and commanding as to permit no forget-
fulness, and to tolerate no disregard of it by the
people of the State, and least of all by her Con-
gressional delegation, sent here, as we have been,
to see that her interests suffer no detriment.
Now, make a similar measurement from Cairo
to Albuquerque, and it will be found that not only
is the line much longer, and through a country less
favorable for railroads, but, what is of startling
importance to us, not afoot of that whole line passes
through any portion of Arkansas! I commend these
facts to the especial consideration of my col-
leagues; and, in view of their bearing upon the
interests of our common constituents, it had been
better (for the State at least) if more of this con-
sideration had been given to them before Cairo
was put into this hill instead of Memphis. How
far this making Cairo, a point so unnatural and
j remote, the river terminus of the Arkansas sys-
tem of roads, instead of Memphis, which is the
natural and obviously proper key to the resources
ii of our State, may affect the question of fixing
the Mississippi terminus of the great Pacific rail-
road, and so far deciding the question whether
Arkansas or another State shall be the thorough-
fare of the eastern section of this great highway,
time alone, perhaps, will determine. Should it
prove to Jiave been a stone even of an ounce
weight cast in, however unintentionally, to turn
the scale against our State, I shall never covet the
honors, no'r the reflections of any man of whom
it may be said, " He did it." And even should
all fear of this untoward result, as I pray Heaven
it may, prove groundless, I shall still have the
conscious satisfaction of having stood always by
my own State, and contended to the last, in good
faith, for the interests she sent mehere toprotect;
not because those interests are in -conflict with
those of Other States, but I believe in others, and
particularly in this case, they would be in perfect
harmony with the interests of other States.
I shall be told, and I know " it is so nominated
in the bond," for the bill provides, that an addi-
tional terminus on the Mississippi, within the
limits of Arkansas, may be made. But where
made, and by whom determined ? Now, sir, a
great desideratum, perhaps the greatest in this
scheme of road building, was to fix, and fix at
once, as the great center point of operations, the
terminus, if to be but one, and all of them, if to
be more than one, on the river. But how is it in
this case? The bill provides for two termini. But
the one it fixes at its own date and makes perma-
nent as a basis of immediate operations; while the
other it leaves loose, floating, and contingent,
alike as to time and locality. And to which does
it give preference—to which does it give 11 a local
habitation and a name" in the very instant of its
creation ? Why, sir, to Cairo! a point far beyond
the limits of Arkansas, in which her people feel
no special interest, and with which they have no
natural commercial relations. And which is left
floating and unsettled? Why, sir, the terminus
which may be in Arkansas, within our own bor-
ders, where alone our people ever asked for it, and
where they deem it vital to their interests it should
be.
I repeat, sir, this terminus, so important to us,
and so desired by us, is, by the terms of this bill,
so vaguely provided for, as to be left floating along
the whole coast of the Mississippi river, between
latitude 36° 30' and 330, the northern and southern
boundaries of Arkansas, a distance by the mean-
derings of the river of nearly four hundred miles!
And by what authority is this vague and floating
point to be fixed ? As provided in the bill, this is
to be done by the Arkansas Legislature; but that
body has recently adjourned, and will not meet
again for two years ! What in the mean time—
what during two whole years, in this era of stir-
ring events, while the spirit of progress and im-
provement is moving in the heart of our country
and working its wonders of development in all the
other States of this Union—what, Iask, is Arkan-
sas to do, thus tantalized with this nominal grant,
which .she so much needs, and which, if fixed so
that she could take hold of it, might without de-
lay be made of incalculable practical value to every
true interest of her people ? What, I repeat, is
Arkansas to do, thus tantalized—thus unable to
act? Let those answer who can.
But I may be told that the Arkansas Legisla-
ture anticipated this contingency, and provided for
it by chartering a company who will locate this
terminus at Memphis. By what authority is this
said ? There are mure companies than one char-
tered by the same Legislature for making a rail-
road to the Mississippi, and no special power has
been conferred on any one of them to the exclu-
sion of all others (could it have been ?) in advance
of the legislation of Congress to fix and determine
the location of any vague and floating grant of
land which Congress might subsequently make to
the State at large. In this connection there espe-
cially occurs to me the " Mississippi, Ouachita,
and Red River Company " for building the road
from Gaines's Landing to Fulton. They have a
charter; and the name of the talented and inde-
fatigable John Dockery, as their president, is a
guarantee that whatever human energy, well-di-
rected, can do to insure success to the enterprise,
will be done, and is now in active progress. They
say that all they now want to make their success
complete is such a grant of land as we made them
in the bill the Senate passed last session, but which
yet sleeps in the other House. Suppose that
