1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
675
company should claim the right to fix for their II
road the only terminus in Arkansas which this j
bill grants, who should dispute their claim ? Upon
the ground that a charter from the Legislature
confers that power, they surely have it as much
as any other company ran.
With regard to this Cario road, for which I
have the charter of the Legislature in my hand,
it says nothing about a terminus opposite Memphis,
on the Mississippi river, and fixes no other point
except at Cairo. It fixes the point on the Red
river at Fulton, and fixes the point on the Ar-
kansas river, the western border at Fort Smith,
but it fixes the point on the Mississippi, at Cairo.
It fixes no other point on the Mississippi within
the limits of Arkansas. Its only allusion to any
other terminus is in these general terms:
" Said company may also branch and extend their said
road to any other point or points within this State."
No allusion, even, is here made to Memphis, or
any other fixed point; but, as I said, the whole
question is left unfixed, and floating all the way i
from the Missouri to the Louisiana line. And in 1
no part of that charter, or of any other granted
by the Arkansas Legislature, is anything said
about giving the land which Congress might there-
after grant for railroads to any one of the com- j
j&tiies so chartered. Certainlyit isnotso granted 1
to this Cairo company; nor is there anywhere any
authority given to, or possessed by this or any
other company, to seize upon and convert to then-
use any portion of the land so granted, except—
mark this!—except the right of way over one '
hundred feet in width, and the right to use mate-
rials of construction, &c. Or, if this be objected to,
and any one contend that the land can be so
taken and used by any one of these chartered
companies, I ask which one of them shall it be
claimed by and conceded to ? If any one of them
can do this, I insist that one of them has as much
right and is as competent as the other.
There is a road chartered from Gaines's Land-
ing across the State to Fulton, and one from
Napoleon, at the mouth of the Arkansas river, to
Little Rock. Now, I ask how shall the Cairo I
company, without authority of law, take this j
grant to the exclusion of all others ? No special
powers have been in this way and to this effect given
fey the Legislature. I mention this to show how,
and wherein the delay to Arkansas roads of which
I have spoken, is likely to result from this bill. I
may be in error in all this. I shall rejoice if the
result shall prove me so; for then I shall be more
than consoled, I shall rejoice, under the failure of:!
my predictions, in the relief from a painful solici-
tude for the welfare of my State, which her pros-
perity will afford me.
Now, sir, in the Senate bills, of which I have
spoken, every road asked for by the people of
Arkansas was provided, and the termini or each
were fixed, as the same people had requested they
should be. And, although constituting a series or
system of roads, all more or less connected to-
gether, yet they are so arranged that each is com-
plete and capable of construction by itself; and if
only one of them could be built, that one, no matter
•which, would be a valuable thoroughfare, intirely
across the State, and terminating at a good point
for trade and travel, and always accessible from
every quarter, at all seasons of the year. The
addition of a single line from St. Louis to Little '
Rock, which the three States of Missouri, Ar-
kansas, and Louisiana desire, would make the se- 1
ries or system symmetrical and complete.
And yet, sir, this symmetry has been mutilated,
these values impaired, these memorials rejected,
thesehopesdisappointed, and for what? Why,sir,
for the project of a road from Cairo ! A scheme,
I repeat, which is impracticable in itself and by its
own terms, and, even if practicable, yet valueless
in its results. Mr. President, let Esau no longer
be the exemplar, par excellence, of the notable wis-
dom of selling a noble birthright " for a mess of
potage!" Still, sir, if I had been here on the 5th
instant, I would not have opposed the passage of I
this bill. I would not have embarrassed it with
amendments, for I had learned from my col- !
leagues that it would be useless; and I am,
though not a very old man, yet too old to waste
time in doing what I know to he useless acts.
Nay, more: I would have voted for the bill; for,
as I before said, although it falls so far short,
aa I have attempted to show, of what it ought to '
have been, and is calculated to do so little good, i
yet, as 1 have learned to " despise not the day of 1
small things," I would take it rather than get
nothing at all; indulging the hope, though it be a
feeble one, that more wisdom may preside over
its administration than has characterized its origin
and enactment; and trusting in the mercy of Prov-
idence, that while it can, in the nature of things,
do but little good, it may not be a source of un- i
mitigated evil. !
My colleague said truly, I did "decline to as-
sume the paternity of this bill," and agree to let
him take his "own course with it."
What more, if anything, I may have to say ;
upon this subject and its connections, shall be said
to my constituents at home.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. Mr. President, we are
often compelled to invoke the " noise and confu-
sion," incident on some occasions to the morning
hour, as an excuse for not hearing the remarks of
others. 1 must thus apologize for not hearing all
that my colleague has said; but if I understood
him rightly, and there was much that I did not
hear, there was much in his remarks which called
for a reply from me. I do not, however, at the
present time, and upon this occasion, intend to
go into them fully; for I know that the friends of
the Pacific railroad bill are anxious to get a vote
upon it, if they can, to-day; and besides, I could
not, if I would, enter into a full review now of the
facts—so many facts have been adverted to by
my colleague—which it will be necessary for me
to do.
I feel it to be due, however, to myself to say
now, and I am prepared to say, that the reasons !
which induced me to call up the bill in the absence
of my colleague, as the Presiding Officer of the
body, the Senator from Texas, and the Senator
from California, with whom I felt it my duty to
confer about the bill, all know, were reasons in no-
wise connected at all with the absence of my col-
league. Considerations entirely disconnected with
his absence, temporary and necessary as I know
it was, induced me to call it up on that morning.
I did not intend, on that occasion, to state the ,
position of my colleague at large. I had stated it
as I understood it, and as he admits it, and al-
though he was not in the Chamber, and did not
approve of it as the best railroad system for the
State of Arkansas, I understood that he would not
oppose it, because my colleague in the House
thought it was the only measure that could pass,
and because if an amendment was made here, it
would be fatal to the bill in the House. In the
reply which I made to the interrogatory of the
Senator from Iowa, I intimated as much. I at-
tempted to state his position as being one in which
he neither took an active part in favor of the bill
or the responsibility of opposing it, but left it to {
me to follow the dictates of my own judgment,
which I did. I will state another thing in reference j
to the reasons why I called up the bill that morning. !
The Senator from Wisconsin [Mr. Walker] will
remember, in a conversation which I had with him
some days before, in which I asked him to aid me
to take up the bill, he advised me to postpone
action upon it until the fate of the Wisconsin bill
was determined in the House. Well, sir, that
was determined on Friday, the day previous to the
passage of this bill. It was determined adversely.
It was determined as almost all the railroad meas-
ures seem to be disposed of in that House. I
conferred with the friends of the bill the next
morning, and had their unanimous concurrence,
that then was the time to pass this bill, and that
was the only time it could be done; and the result
has satisfied me that if not positively and abso-
lutely right in ray supposition, the great proba-
bility was that it could not have been done at a
later period. I think that the debate on its pas-
sage will show that.
I regretted that my colleague was not here, that 1
he might explain his views "then. He has thought j
proper to do so in remarks to-day, which I did ;
not have an opportunity of hearing. A part of his
remarks I shall endeavor to take occasion to reply
to sometime during this session. I have thought
proper to reply to those which might be under-
stood as a personal reflection upon myself, as an
imputation that I had done something contrary
to what he considered the implied understanding
between us, in taking up the bill in his absence.
I have said that it was done on considerations no-
wise connected with him, and on consultation with .
the Senators from Wisconsin, Texas, and Cali- '
fornia, and the Presiding Officer of the body. I
believe that that is all I have to say on this occa-
| sion in reply to the remarks which my colleague
thought proper to make on the subject. I shall
probably take occasion to say something hereafter.
Mr. BORLAND. I repeat what 1 said in the
beginning-—I do not know whether my colleague
I heard me or not—that I made no remarks to-day
> to impugn his motives or to find fault with his
course. But, as I had told my colleague before
I went away, it was my purpose when the bill
came up to be present; and though I should nei-
ther assume its paternity nor make opposition to
it, yet to make an explanation necessary to a fair
understanding ofmy position at home in regard to
it. Hence I was a little surprised, when he knew
the cause of my absence, that the bill was called
up. I did not allege or intimate that he intended
any unfairness, and this I said when I began my
remarks, but I deemed an apology was due to the
Senate for consuming time now in reference to a
matter which had long since passed; and it was
further to make myself understood at home that
I made the explanation here, where the occur-
rence took place, to show why I was not here,
and the reason I had for wishing that the bill
should not be taken up in my absence. My re-
marks will of course be published, and if any facts
contained in them be liable to controversy, of
course my colleague or any one else will be at lib-
erty to controvert them at any time hereafter.
RAILROAD TO THE PACIFIC.
Mr. COOPER, who was entitled to the floor,
addressed the Senate at length against the bill.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, and Mr. GEYER
spokeatsomelength in its favor, (forwhosespeech-
es, with Mr. Cooper's, see Appendix;) when—
Mr. BUTLER moved that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Mangum
in the chair.) The question is on the amendment
of the Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Brod-
head.]
Mr. BRODHEAD. Before the vote is taken, I
desire to modify the amendment which I have of-
fered, by striking out " one hundred," and insert-
ing " one hundred and fifty," so as to allow an
appropriation of $150,000 for the purpose of the
proposed survey and reconnoissance. It may re-
quire $150,000 for the purpose; at any rate, no
more is to be expended than is necessary. On the
amendment as modified I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and the Secre-
tary called "Mr. Adams."
Mr. SOULE. I mean to vote against the amend-
ment proposed by my honorable friend from
Pennsylvania; but as that vote might subject me
to misconstruction, I want to explain in two words
how 1 stand with respect to the bill.
Mr. BADGER. 1 desire to ask whether it is
proper that the Senator from Louisiana should
proceed? Is the matter now open to debate? I
understand that the call of the yeas and nays has
commenced, and one Senator has answered.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Ch«r
heard no answer.
Mr. BADGER. The name of the Senator from
Mississippi [Mr. Adams] was called,*«uid he an-
swered in the affirmative.
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator from Louisiana
was up, and addressed the Chair before the call
commenced.
"The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
not advised of any answer before the Senator from
Louisiana arose, and therefore he is perfectly in
order.
Mr. SOULE. When the proper time comes I
mean to propose an amendment, or rather a sub-
stitute, which will do away with many of the dif-
ficulties which we have encountered during the
progress of the debate on this bill, and that substi-
tute will be of such a nature as to render entirely
useless the measures proposed in the amendment
of the Senator from Pennsylvania. My vote,
therefore, though against his amendment, is not
to be construed as implying on my part that I am
willing to support the bill as it now stands.
Mr. WALKER. I desire that the amendment
may be read as modified.
It was accordingly read, as follows:
Strike out alt after the enacting clause of the amendment
of the Select Committee, and insert the following:
That the Secretary of War be, and he ia hereby author-
