676
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 18,
i*,., 1 under the direction of the President of the UiN ;;
stales to employ such portion ol the Corps ofTopographioal n
Engineers aiul such otiitfr persons tu he may deem neces-
sary to wake such explorations and surveys as he may
deem idvi<.iWe to ascertain the inos«t practicabJe and eco-
nomical route for a railroad from the Mississippi river to
the Pacific ocean, and that the sum ol one hundred and titty
thousand dollars be, and the same is hereby, appropriated,
out of am money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated
to detYav the expense of such explorations and surveys.
Skc. +1nd b€ \t further enacted. That, in making
such explorations ana surveys, the engineers and other
persons employed under the authority of this act may be
directed to act in concert with an> engineers and other
persons employed by any individual or individuals, asso-
ciation or associations, tor the sauie general object; and
the Secretary of War is hereby authorized and required to
receive proposals from individuals or associations lor the
construction of a railroad between the valley of the Missis-
sippi and the Pacific ocean, and lay the saine before Con-
gress at the next session.
Mr. BRADBURY. I shall vote against the
amendment, and for the same reasons which in-
fluenced the vote of the Senator from Louisiana.
I have been inclined to favor the amendment which
I know it is his purpose to submit, and therefore,
while voting against this amendment, I do not
wish to be understood as favoring the bill in the
shape in which it now stands.
The question being taken, resulted—yeas 22,
nays 34; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Bayard, Brieht, Brodhead,
Butler, Charlton, Chase, Cooper, Dawson, De Sanssure,
Dodge of Wisconsin, Fifzpatrick, Foot, Hunter, Mason,
Morton, Xorris, Pearce, Petut, Phelps, Toucey, and Walk-
er—29.
KAYS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Bell, Borland, Brad-
bury, Brooke, Cass, Clarke, Davis, Dodge of Iowa, Doug-
las, Downs, Felch, Fish, Geyer, Gwin, Hamlin, Houston,
Jones of Iowa, Jones of Tennessee, Mangum, Miller, Pratt,
Rusk, Sebastian, Seward, Shields, Smith, SouW, Spruance,
Sumner, Underwood, Wade, and Weller—34.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. MASON. The vote which haa just been
taken evinces the determination of the Senate that
this work shall be made, and it is according to the
old maxim of royalty—Le Rot It veul, the King
wills it. It is to be made without any preliminary
survey, to determine whether it is practicable, or
at what cost if it be practicable. Now, sir, after
the few remarks which I intend to make with ref-
erence to this bill, I shall move that it be commit-
ted, that it be sent to a committee for the purpose
of inquiring whether it be practicable to construct
a road anywhere, to connect the Mississippi river
with the Pacific ocean. Sir, I understood the Sen-
ator from California [Mr. Gwin] to say, on a
former occasion, that if it was committed to a com-
mittee to perfect the details, it would destroy the
bill.
Mr. GWIN. That was said in reference to
another bill.
Mr. RUSK. That remark was made in refer-
ence to the bill of the honorable Senator from Cali-
fornia, and not in reference to this bill, which has
come from a special committee.
Mr. MASON. Then I suppose there will be
no objection to the committal of the bill, if it can
be shown that there is now no detail by which the
American people can be informed how the road
can be made, or at what expense. We have had
a great deal of experience in the States on the sub-
ject of internal improvements, in the construction
of railroads and canals; and although there has
been in many of the States, and perhaps in all of
them, an immense waste of expenditure as inci-
dent to the system of conducting works of this
kind by the public authorities, I know of no in-
atance in which the details of the plans have not
been matured with great labor, and in the most
minute manner, so as to satisfy the public, who is
to bear the charge, or the company, if it be a mere
individual company, that the work can be done,
and also at what charge it can be done.
Now, in this bill, which the honorable Senator
says comes from a special committee, there is a
total absence of any detail ofthiskind. Thewhole
organization and arrangement of detail is given
to the President; and it was well said by the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Cooper,] in the
course of the discussion, that the Congress of the
United States, in whom the legislative power is
vested by the Constitution, is to transfer it to the
President, because Senators say, here in Iheirplaces
—as I understood the Senator from Iowa, [Mr.
Dodge, 1 who addressed the Senate with so much
ability this morning, in favor of the road to say—
if you attempt to perfect the details of the bill you
. . H
will destroy 'he measure. And this is an argu- <
ment addressed to the American Senate as a reason '
why they should abdicate powers with which they
arevestcd bv the Consti'ution, and give them to a
coordinate branch of the Government, to which
the Constitution has dtnied them. Sir, I am
against the who'ebill, not because it makes a com-
munication between the Atlantic and the Pacific,
but because it is done in violation of the Consti-
tution of the United States.
This is not a new subject. Those with whom
I have always acted in public life, have denied the
power of Congress to appropriate either money or
land for the purpose of internal improvement.
They have denied to Congress the power by any
agency, either directly or indirectly, to construct
works of internal improvement; but this bill, by
one fell swoop, declare^, as an order of the Con-
gress of the United States, that it shall be done;
and that if it cannot be done by ordinary legisla-
tion, it shall be done by the fiat of Executive
will. What is the discretion given to the Execu-
tive 1 The Executive is to determine, upon the
whole Mississippi border, and upon the whole
Pacific border—on the east and on the west—where
this road is to begin, and where it is to end. You
will see at once the immense discretion vested in
the Executive, and the inordinate power that it
gives him when it invests him with that discretion.
Why, he may control the legislation of a whole
district of country, of whole tiers of States, by
his will, in fixing where this road is to begin and
where it is to end. But that is nothing in the world
to gentlemen. The destinies of this country are
well confided to an Executive, who is not respon-
sible to the Constitution, provided they can get
the road. Could such a power as this be given to
the Executive, unless there was an interest behind
it greater than the control of constitutional obliga-
tion—that interest with which gentlemen are so
much impressed here—the indispensable import-
ance of naving this road' But that is not the
only power. He is to fix the termini, and in the
vague language of the bill, he is to fix all the im-
portant intermediate points. I think that is the
expression. " He is to fix the termini and to se-
lect the general route" where the road is to go.
He is to control the immense interests that will be
involved in and affected by this work, between the
North and the South, by his fiat alone. The rep-
resentatives of the people in the other branch of
Congress, and of the States in this branch, are not
to be consulted in this matter. Everything 'that
pertains to legislation and the expenditure of the
public money, or to the regulation and adjustment 1
of the vast and great interests of the different por-
tions of the Confederacy, I had thought were by
the Constitution vested in Congress; but the bill
takes them from Congress, great and extensive as
they are, and leaves them to the discretion of a
single man. Why, we all know—gentlemen here
admit—the conflict that will arise whenever it is
determined what route this road shall take; whether
it shall go to the north or to the south. They know
the immense influence it will exercise in building
up the section of country where it goes, and in in-
juring that where it does not go. Yet, gentlemen
say, so indispensably necessary is it to have the
road, that they will take all that power from the
representatives of the people and vest it in Execu-
tive discretion alone.
Mr. President, there is but one term, in my
judgment, which will characterize a measure of
this kind. It is a rape of the Constitution. The
Constitution has vested these powers in the Legis-
lature. The bill wrests them from the Legislature,
and confides them to an irresponsible Executive;
for he is not responsible under the Constitution
for the exercise of this discretion.
What is the next power? The Executive is to
make the contracts—these immense contracts .
which are to involve an expense, as all admit, of
at least §100,000,000. The Executive is to make
these contracts, and to dispose of them at his dis- i
cretion. Congress has no part nor lot in making j
them. The people of the United States create one
agency, through their representatives, by which
the public money is to be expended; but it is
given by this bill, almost by rapine, to an irre- i
sponsible Executive. And the bill instigates the '■
President to dispense, as far as practicable, with '
preliminary surveys. The language of the bill is, ]
that he shall act under it " at an early day." And
that emphatic language is repeated in a subsequent
part of the bill, instigating him to go immediately
to work, to determine where the road is to go, and
at an early day commence its constructi n. Is
this the language of solidity of judgment ? Is it
language which becomes the representatives of
the States of this Confederacy, when they are or-
dering an expenditure of some $100,000,000 of the
public money ? It is to be done at an early day—
almost with indecent haste.
Sir, there is another clause in that bill, one that
struck me with extraordinary force. The hon-
orable Senator who reported this bill from the
committee undoubtedly did what he thought it
was his duty to do in reporting it. lie considered
it a matter of such moment to effect this connec-
tion, that the extraordinary ends which the bill
proposes are to be attained by the extraordinary
means which the bill contains. What are they'
It is proposed to pass through the territories of
the United States by the potentiality of a law
of Congress, and it is proposed to pass through
the States by the assent of the States. That is to
say, that if the States assent to be invaded by this
Federal power, then the Federal power is to con-
struct the work within their limits. Now, I sub-
mit it to the honorable Senator from Texas, and
I submit it to every Senator upon this floor, whwe
do you find anywhere in the Constitution, the
power in a State to enlarge or curtail or qualify to
any extent, the power of the Federal Government.
Is this to be added to the platform which was
spoken of by the honorable Senator from South
Carolina, as presenting a fundamental law, more
potent than the Constitution itself; that where the
Constitution is silent, any State can increase its
power or enlarge it by its single assent. Sir, the
language of the Constitution is this—and I beg
to call the attention of Senators to it—that the
laws made pursuant to the Constitution are su-
preme within the limits of the States, and when
the Federal power goes into a State, armed with a
law of Congress, it goes there with supreme pow-
er, and the State legislation bows before it. But
by the terms of this bill, the law of Congress goes
within the limits of a State, and asks that State to
give its sanction to it. If this be the law of the
Constitution, then it is in the power of any State
whatever to enlarge and amplify, or to restrain
and control it at its own pleasure. And yet, the
honorable Senator who reported this bill from the
Special Committee, I apprehend found himself un-
der the necessity of so construing the Constitu-
: tion.in order to give his bill any value.
Again, sir: the bill creates a corporation, and a
corporation to act where f To act through the
whole Confederacy and based upon the public
Treasury—not such a corporation as the Bank of
the United States, and, by the way, that never
could be chartered by Congress until, as was most
eloquently said by a Senator from Kentucky, now
no longer living, they resorted to almost every
clause in the Constitution to find authority for it,
and he called it a vagrant power. Here is a cor-
poration proposed to be created for the purpose
of a Federal agency, based upon the Federal
Treasury. And what is the corporation, and who
are the corporators t They are the body of the
contractors forthe work. The President, then, is
to controUthis corporation, for he selects the con-
i tractors. The President is to designate who these
corporators are to be, and it is by his fiat, in the
exercise of the patronage given to him, that this
corporation is to be called into being. The bill
offers these extraordinary features. You are to
bring a body of contractors to make this railroad
from the Pacific to the Mississippi, and you are to
' pay them from the public Treasury, partly in
: land and partly in money. You pay them a full
equivalent for the work they are to do, and tlien,
when you have done that, you create them into a
corporation and present them with the work, and
they are to draw the whole emoluments from it.
' Sir, this extraordinary machinery it is found ne-
cessary to invoke in order to enable the Federal
[ Government to exercise a power not granted,
; and through an agency unknown to the Constitu-
' tion.
Look at the terms of that clause: "That for the
' purposes of this act the contractors, their asso-
• ciates and successors, are hereby created and con-
! ' stituted a body-politic and corporate, by the
j ' name," &c. These men who contract to do the
' work, under the selections and designations to be
! made by thePresident, are created into a corpora-
