1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
677
The appropriation in land and
Undoubtedly the Government
tion as the Federal agent, to do this Federal job.
They are to be paid for it. They are to be paid a
full consideration for their labor, and then the
work is to be given them and they are to draw all
the profits. Mr. President, is this not the most
extraordinary proposition of modern times, that
you are to give a body of men, who are designated
by the President, >100,000,000 to do a piece of
work, which is to be a source of immense revenue,
and then transfer the work to them and the reve-
nue with it?
Mr. RUSK. I beg the Senator's pardon for
interrupting him, but the bill contains no such
provision. It gives $20,000,000, or as much as
they will agree to construct the road for, for it is
to be given to the lowest bidder. In addition, al-
ternate sections of land six miles in width through
the States and twelve miles in width through the
Territories, are to be given. For that money they
are to transport troops, munitions, sailors, the
malls, and everything that the United States re-
quires to have transported upon it free of charge.
Mr. MASON. Then the United States is to
have a qualified use of the road, in consideration
of paying for making it, and the contractors who
are the corporation, are to enjoy all the rest of the
profits. Those are the provisions of the bill. It
does provide that they are to transport the mails
and troops of the United States over it. I sup-
pose the mails and troops of the United States
could be transported over such a road for some
half a million of dollars, or for a million, putting
it at the outside.
Mr. RUSK. Will the Senator allow me to ask
him a question ?
Mr. MASON. Certainly.
Mr. RUSK. Does the Senator suppose the
appropriation made in the bill will be sufficient for
the construction of the road and putting it in work-
ing order ?
Mr. MASON.
money? No, sir. Undoubtedly
will have to pay more to make the road, because
there can be no earthly doubt on the part of those
who have had any experience on this subject—
and none have had more than the Senators from
■ Texas and California—that when this Government
once puts its linger to a work it is committed,and
there will never be a dollar expended in the con-
struction of the road that does not come out of the
Federal Treasury in the shape of land or money.
Mr. RUSK. I do not want to interrupt the
honorable Senator, but I must correct him there.
The point is this: he says there will never be a
dollar expended in the construction of the road
that does not come out of the Federal Treasury.
Mr. MASON. Never.
Mr. RUSK. The provisions of the bill are ex-
press that not one dollar shall be paid in money,
nor one acre of land be given to these men, till they
have finished a particular amount of the road; till
they have with their own means gone on and fin-
ished fifty miles. And it is expressly provided
that they shall enter into a contract on these
terms, that they shall not receive a dollar in money
from the public Treasury, or a single acre of land,
until it is done.
Mr. MASON. What does that amount to?
Why nothing in the world but this: that instead
of paying for your work as it goes on, we will
pay you when fifty miles of the work are done;
that instead of paying from day to day or from
week to week or from month to month, or mile
after mile, we will pay when fifty miles are com-
pleted. So, also, you are to make a reservation of
a portion—i believe one fifth—of the land, which
fifth is to be given to them after the work shall be
completed. But it does not assail, in the slightest
degree, the proposition with which I set out, that
this is to be constructed, so far as the bill goes,
wholly out of the Treasury of the United States,
treating the land as money, for it is a part of the
public property of the United States. Although
you are to pay the contractors after they shall
have made fifty miles of the road, and so on for
every fifty miles, yet, so far as the source of ex-
penditure is concerned, it comes at last from the
Treasury, and in that view it is perfectly immate-
rial how the payments are made, on the score of
time. Now, who doubts that if this appropriation,
which consists of $20,000,000 in money, and a
breadth of land twenty-four miles wide in the Ter-
ritories and twelve miles wide in the States, is not
sufficient to build the road, when Government is
embarked in it, the contractors will get as much
more as may be necessary, and in precisely the
same way in which they get the present appropri-
ation, by getting a majority in Congress to vote
it? We nave some experience on the subject of
the connection of the Government with these pri-
vate enterprises. What is our experience with
the Collins line of steamers? Government con-
tracted to advance a certain sum of money to
carry the mail, and they come here and beset Con-
gress to enlarge it because they could not carry
it at that price. The opposition said, Put up the
service to an open bid and let itstand as any busi-
: ness does which is open to competition. No, said
the contractors, and no, said the Legislative De-
partment of the Government; we will not put it
into competition; these men are in our employ-
' ment; the public faith is committed to them; and
the doors of the Treasury were opened to them.
There is another provision in this bill, on which,
in this connection, I should like to comment. The
provision is this, one that the Senator from Illinois
[Mr. Douglas] said, a few days ago, furnished
ample security to the Government: that if the
contractor fails to comply with his contract, his
work shall be forfeited. Forfeited! And who ever
heard of a forfeiture enforced which was caused
by a failure of that kind? Why, sir, between
man and man, equals in society, the courts of jus-
tice are open, for the purpose of relieving a party
from such forfeiture. It is done every day. For-
feitures are odious in law, even between man and
man, and what would be a forfeiture between a
citizen and the Government? It would not be en-
forced; and if it were enforced, what becomes of
the property? Where do you find a clause in the
Constitution making this Government the residu-
ary legatee of a bankrupt contractor, to take his
effects and administer them for the benefit of Gov-
ernment? But by the provisions of this bill, it
is declared that if he do not comply with his con-
tract, Government may take not only the work he
, has done, but his effects, being the residuary lega-
tee of the bankrupt contractor. Sir, it will never
t be done. If the contractor fails to comply with
his contract, and remains there ready to go on, he
will be reinstated, especially if he is a pet of the
Executive, or has political influence.
I should like to know—for it has been a part of
my professional duty to be engaged in the con-
struction of laws—what is the meaning of the bill
when it says, in the thirteenth section, the corpo-
rators are to be " the contractors, their asso-
ciates and successors." Who are the associates ?
I can understand who the contractors are. Thom-
as Wilson proposes to contract to build a certain
portion of road for a given sum; or, Thomas
Wilson and John Thompson, with others, pro-
pose to contract. They are associated together;
but they are the contractors. But who are to be
the associates of the contractors ?
1! Mr. PRATT. Those who take stock,
j Mr. MASON. What stock? The bill author-
, izes the issue of Government bonds. What sort
' of stock is provided for?
Mr. WALKER. The company issue stock.
Mr. MASON. I have not seen that provision,
and I looked through the bill very carefully. It
! authorizes the company, as a corporation, to do
all acts which a corporation may do, to carry into
effect the provisions of this act. But if they are
to be authorized to issue stock 
Mr. TOUCEY. "Certificates of stock."
Mr. MASON. Very well. I would like to see
that provision of the bill.
Mr. WALKER pointed it out to the honorable
Senator.
Mr. MASON. Well, sir, 1 had not seen it. I
looked through this thirteenth section to see what
these corporators were to do, and I confess that
the authority given to them to issue " certificates
of stock" did escape my attention. What is the
! stock for? Stock in what? Railroad stock, I
I presume, in the " Pacific Railroad and Telegraph
, Company," inviting subscriptions by an associa-
tion with the contractors making them a part of
the corporators, and entitling them to part of the
profits. I should like to see the machinery by
which that could be done. I should like to see
how these certificates of stock will read; I should
like to see them presented to the President for his
: approbation, to be conferred upon his pet class of
I contractors. I should like to see the privileges
I and immunities and advantages that the Exec- I
utive patronage may deal out to these contractors,
or their associates, or successors. Who are the
" successors ?" The bill says, " the contractors,
their associates and successors." I suppose they
are the assignees of the stockholders.
Well, if we are to have a joint stock company,
in which the United States Government is to hold
barren stock, and the contractors and associates
the profitable or productive stock, if that is the
character of it, if the Government of the United
States goes in with millions of dollars, in money
and lands, to be used at the discretion of the Pres-
ident, and any number of contractors and asso-
ciates come in with an unlimited amount of stock,
and the Government stock is to be barren, and the
contractors' stock is to be productive, let it be so
understood by the country.
Mr. President, there was a day in this Republic
when we were accustomed to scan carefully and
closely Executive power. The fathers of the Re-
public transmitted it to us as a legacy that we
should scan all power, and more especially the
power of the Executive. But what does this bill
do ? It not only gives him the power, but it gives
it to him alone. This immense body of corpora-
tors, with #100,000,000 of barren stock on the
part of the Government, and an unlimited issue of
their own, are to be handed over to the President
as the source of its authority, and the dispenser of
its influence and patronage.
There is another provision in this bill, which
authorizes the President to employ such military
officers and troops as he may deem necessary. It
puts the Army of the United States at the disposal
of this immense corporation. The honorable
Senator from Texas shakes his head. I should
like to be corrected if I am not right.
Mr. RUSK. It leaves the Army precisely
where it is left by the Constitution and laws as
they now exist, at the disposition of the President
to protect these men and the settlers, if he deems
it necessary.
Mr. MASON. I say it puts the Army of the
United States at the disposition of these contract-
! ors; for although it is to be done through the
I President, he is only the medium. An order is con-
tained in this bill—an order of the Legislature—
that the Army shall be placed at the disposal of
these contractors, to protect them in their work.
Mr. RUSK. The President may do it—that is
the bill.
Mr. MASON. Let me tell the honorable Sen-
ator from Texas that in law,'' may'' is construed
'' shall;'' and when you impose upon the Executive
a duty, and say he may exercise it, if it is a duty,
he is required to execute it. The mandate is an
imperative one—as imperative as if the word
" shall" were used. Who doubts that the Pres-
ident of the United States will ever send a body of
engineers or a body of contractors into that coun-
try, without sending a portion of the Army with
them? My proposition is this: Ifthis bill imposes
a duty, and says to an officer he may execute
it, it is mandatory upon that officer, and he is re-
quired to execute it. How much of the Army is
to be required for this purpose nobody can tell;
but if the distance be, as is said, from two thou-
sand to three thousand miles from the Mississippi
to the Pacific, and through a large portion of which
you are to meet predatory and hostile bands of
Indians—if you allow five soldiers to every ten
miles, you have a large army employed at once.
The military of the United States willnot be equal
to the duty, unless the Army be increased for the
purpose of protecting this body of corporators.
The honorable Senator from Illinois [Mr. Doug-
las] said the other day, that the workmen on this
line—the Irishmen, with their spades and shovels,
will protect themselves against the Indians. I
apprehend that if you sent a body of workmen,
more especially if they be foreigners unaccustomed
to Indian warfare, at the very first appearance of
the Indians, they would throw down their shovels
and spades, and fly from the enemy. But if these
men do protect themselves by their implements of
labor, what becomes of the work ? How is it to
be carried on, while the operatives are defending
themselves against Indian incursions ? No, sir,
the bill knows better, for it has provided that 'hey
shall be protected in their work by the Army of
the United States. . .
Now, Mr. President, what will be the practical
effect of the operation of this bill if it becomes
a law? The President is required to commence
