1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
679
tinue to appropriate the public money for the
the purpose of looking for power in the Constitu-
te" n it on I ti°n to construct this work; but I refer to this as a
PUSa°Smv own State is a lamentable instance, not :! constitutional obligation, winch must be admitted
oulv of the non-observance of this rule as claimed to exist on the part of every man who hears me.
Toexwt by the honorable Senator from V.rginia, My next proposition is this: That without a rail-
but of the non-observance also of justice 011 the road connection between the Atlantic and Pacific
part of the United States towards the State of
Maryland. Sir, a work which brought my State
to an expense of $10,000,000 was commenced
under the auspices of the Federal Government.
It was commenced at the recommendation of that '
great statesman to whom my friend from Virginia
has eloquently referred, the lamented Calhoun.
The Chesapeake and Ohio canal was recommended
by him while he was Secretary of War, to be
prosecuted by the Federal Government. That
wnrk, predicated upon the recommendation of
that great man, was entered into by the State of
Maryland conjointly with the United States and
Virginia. After the expenditure of some four or
five millions of dollars in the joint prosecution of
this gigantic enterprise, the United States ceased
to expend anything. This Democratic party,
which entertains the idea that a king is raised up
in every corporation that is created, came into
power, "and the State of Maryland was left to her
own resources, and was obliged to expend some
ten millions of dollars in the further prosecution
of that work. Mr. President, the State of Mary-
ciding on the route. Now, sir, I am convinced that
if these surveys are made designating some half a
dozen routes, and as many termini upon this side
and upon the Pacific sea-board, that Congress will
not be enabled, by reason of conflicting interests
represented here, to decide in ten years that the
sea-board, the United States cannot place them- j road shall be commenced. Now, for the purpose
selves in the position which 1 have indicated in the ! which I have indicated, it is not a matter of par-
first proposition. Without a railroad connecting
the valley of the Mississippi with the Pacific, it
would be impossible for the United States, in the
event of a war with a foreign maritime Power, to
defend California from a foreign enemy. Can
anybody deny that such would be the case in the
event of a war at this time, with either France or
England? In case of a war with either of those
Powers, what would be the necessary result r
Could we send a single man, could we send an
ounce of powder, to the assistance of that State?
By the superior fleets of England and France—
derided as the powers of those Governments may
have been here—it must be manifest to every one
who will reflect, that we could not (until the ener-
gies of this country and all its vast resources had
been brought to bear upon the subject of resist-
ance, and that would perhaps take ten years)send
a ship from here to California unless by accident.
We would not then be in a position to defend Cal-
111 umi wuu. mi. x .... ~ lfornia in the event of a war with a foreign mari-
Jand has every reason to deplore the change of; time Power supeuor to ours without such a rail-
  . % « y*    .1 I thn^ It Id n anAOGnfir fi\t* f n A
Federal policy in regard to the power of construct-
ing works of internal improvement which this
Democratic party claims to have effected. But
for the exercise of this power by that party, under
the lead of Mr. Calhoun, Maryland would have
been spared her public debt, and her people the
grievous taxation to which they have been sub-
road. I say, therefore, that it is necessary forthe
military purposes of the Federal Government that
this road should be made; without it, one of the
States of the Union would be beyond the reach of
protection by the Federal Government.
If I am right in the first proposition, that the
Federal Government is bound to defend every
amount consequence which route is taken. I say
it is the obligation of this Government to place
itself in a position to defend California in the event
of a war between the United States and any foreign
maritime Power, and it is not material what route
may be taken; but it is material that we should
place ourselves as soon as we can in a position to
discharge our constitutional' duties. 1 believe if
those who oppose this bill will suffer its friends to
propose the amendments which they intend to
offer, it will be the better course. Then honorable
Senators opposed to the bill can offer any objec-
tions they may have to it in the shape in which it
may then stand, and I believe that all such objec-
tions can be readiiy answered. I now propose, if
it be in order, to move the two amendments which
I have indicated.
The PRESIDENT. The question pending is
on the motion of the Senator from Virginia to
commit the bill to the Committee on Roads and
Canals. The amendments cannot be received till
that motion shall be disposed of.
Mr. PRATT. Very well, sir; I shall wait till
that time.
Mr. GWIN. Inasmuch as the proposition to
commit comes from an avowed enemy of the bill
for the purpose of defeating it, I hope its friends
will vote down the proposition without debate. _
Mr. MASON. 1 am an avowed enemy of this
the second bill, but this motion is not made for the purpose of
if I am right in
State in this Union;
tary road the Federal Government possesses the
constitutional right to make the road indicated by
this bill; and being otherwise unable to defend
California, she is, therefore, bound to make this
ro d. The constitutional power to make such a
road for military purposes will not be denied by
any one. It will be conceded by the honorable
Senator from South Carolina, [Mr. Butler,] who
may feel justly proud in being considered " par
excellence" the guardian of that instrument.
Mr. BUTLER. If I am a defender of the Con-
stitution, I am a very poor one, 1 am afraid.
Mr. PRATT. I thought the Senator said the
other day, he was proud of the designation.
Mr. BUTLER. So I am.
Mr. PRATT. I really have believed him to be
so anxious to defend the Coastitution, according to
so anxious 10 ueienu ^     1- ■ ■ • f
his understanding of it, that 1 supposed he was j 1 Sir, there is a breach of the Constitution
power which will be given by the bill to the Pres
ident or the contractors, which can be dangerous
to the country or to any part of it. Sir, it is the
case of a simple corporation, such as is created
over and over again by every State of this Union,
conferring such powers and such alone, as your
State, sir, and mine have conferred upon every
corporation created by them, for similar purposes.
So soon as the President has advertised for the
construction of this road, and so soon as the bids
shall have been received, and the contractors de-
termined on, the President's power ceases, and he
has no more authority left. The bill gives him no
further control over the subject, and he is at once
divested of all that regal pomp and power with
which the Senate supposes he is invested by the
bill.
Mr. President, I desire now to state the grounds
which will influence my vote in favor of this meas-
ure; and I desire to state them in the shape of
propositions; and I would ask my friend from Vir-
ginia, as I repeat them, to say which of them he
denies the truth of; and if he does not deny the
truth of any one of them, the conclusion not only
that we have the power to make, but that we are
obliged to make this road, necessarily results.
My first proposition is this: That it is the ob-
ligation of the Federal Government to place itself
in such a position as will enable it to protect every
State of this Union, in the event of a foreign war.
Some of my friends seem to smile at this proposi-
tion, but it is one at any rate which no one will
deny. That the Federal Government is obliged,
in the performance of its constitutional duties, to
place itself in reference to every member of the
Confederacy in such a position, that if a war with
a foreign enemy should occur, it could afford as-
sistance and protection to our fellow-citizens in
every State.
Mr. MASON. Within the pale of the Consti-
tution.  . , ...
Mr. PRATT. Undoubtedly, within the pale ! other propositions are for some preliminary steps,
of the Constitution. But I am now speaking of i leaving the great question whether the road is to
the Constitution itself. I say thatit isa constitu- ' made or not, to be determined at some subsequent
tional obligation resting upon the Federal Govern- ! period. By this bill the road is to be made, an
ment, to defend each State in the event of a war '! by it the means are provided for its comp e ion,
with a foreign enemy. I am not talking about the ; and therefore it is that I am in mvor or it in pre -
tails. Four or five gentlemen on a committee can
perfect the details of a bill which it would be im-
practicable for a full Senate to do. That is my
view.
Mr. GWIN. I understood the Senator to say
that he would vote for no bill for this purpose.
Mr. MASON. Nor will I.
Mr. GWIN. Then the Senator is an avowed,
enemy of this road, as I said.
Mr. RUSK. I rise simply for the purpose of say-
ing that I regret extremely that the want of time and
a sense of duty—for I believe it is our duty to come
to a vote upon this bill at this time—will prevent
my answering the eloquent remarks of the honor-
able gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Mason.] I
must be permitted, however, to say that I deny the
truth of his assaults on the provisions of this bill.
entitled to the designation; but 1 hope he will not
be so unreasonable as to think that nobody can
differ from him and be right. 1 say, then, that
this is a proposition which even that Senator can-
not deny. If he concedes that the United States,
in the event of a war with France or England,
could not defend California without a military road
from the Atlantic to the Pacific, he cannot avoid
admitting the right of the United States to make a
military road, and cannot help conceding the obli-
gation on the part of the Federal Government to
place herself in a position to defend that State. If
road is the only measure by which she can place .      , -l,
herself in that position, she is bound to make the order to carry out your cons 1 u g •
'-ad He surely will not deny this. . |1 do not intend to debate the subject, and I do
The bill reported by my honorable friend from not intend to consume time, dainT to be
Texas provides for the completion of this road. It I! that upon the provisions of this bill. 1.claim to b
differs From all the other measures which we have [ [ a Democrat. More, I will pledge^
had here on this subject in this particular: that its . up the bill, and to show t a P , P
enactment by the representatives of the people of : Democratic party, from its e that the onlv
the United States declares that the road shall be || present day, has been violated by it7
made,and provides the means for making it. Allthe  be Constitution that can be found
to carry out the provisions which are enforced
upon your Government to protect and to extend
equal rights to all the citizens of this Republic.
There is now a tax on every man who goes to
California of $300, which this bill repeals. Sir,
the dying groans of hundreds of your fellow-citi-
zens traversing the wilderness between this part of
the country and the Pacific, and the graves of
thousands of them rise up to charge that, notwith-
standing the people of the United States have been
for six years urging this great work, Congress
has been standing here violating the Constitution
by refusing to carry out what all the people of the
she is not in that position without this road, if this uy icjum..s "< j •
1 ■ ' he can place , United States desire, and what is lndisp^ensablejn
to make the
road. He surely will not deny this.
tion itself. It is a constitutional obligation im-
posed upon the Federal Government so to exer-
cise its powers as to be enabled to protect every
member of this Confederacy from a foreign enemy i
been suggested. This bill contains
has been objected to by some Senators; but it is
one of the main reasons why I approve it in pref-
erence to all the other propositions, and that is,
danger to the Constitution that can
is the danger of not carrying it out fairly and hon-
estly, and giving to those who are three thousand
miles from you, and now powerless, that protec-
tion which you here in this Capitol enjoy.
Mr. BUTLER. As I suppose we have to
swallow this bill, I should like to have some ex-
planation of the eleventh section, and I presume me
pale of the Constitution. That is the Constitu- :! e^ence to all the other propositions which have
— " This billcontains a feature which l; Senator
to create a corporation within the limi« of the
inemuerui v^uijicucinuui a luicign oticiiiy u cienvt. w   — ^ r - 1 . * j
in the event of a war. I do not refer to it foi-il that it takes from Congress the necessity of ae-
State, and gives to Congress the exclusive juris-
diction over that railroad, prohibiting
