680
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 18,
rom having a railroad to cross this road, or get
t0 it without the consent of Congress.
Mr. RUSK. No, sir.
Mr. BUTLER. Here is the provision.
Mr. RUSK. Read it.
Mr. BUTLER. Before I read it, let me state
ihy proposition. According to this bill, no com-
pany within Texas, or Iowa, or Arkansas, or
Missouri, and none of those States themselves,
can run a road to this road, or across it, without
the leave of Congress. This bill reduces the State
through which this road runs to the condition of
a tenant at sufferance, subject to the jurisdiction
of Congress. Yes, sir; the hand of Congress is to
control the franchises of one of the sovereignties of
this Union by reserving to itself the power of say-
ing whether it shall connect with this road or not.
Here is the eleventh section of this bill:
" Jlnd be it further cnacted, That Congress may at any
time hereafter authorize individuals, companies, or States
to form a connection between said railroad and any railroad
or railroads under their control, respectively."
Congress then gets the control of arailroad within
the limits of a sovereign State. It plants a corpo-
ration within the limits of a sovereign State—a cor-
poration subject exclusively to its own control—and
that sovereign State does not run a road over its
soil without the previous leave of a foreign Gov-
ernment. Sir, I would perish sooner than I would
suffer any foreign influence to have a corporation
within my State, and not allow my State to exer-
cise the franchises ordinarily incident to every sov-
ereignty. The gentleman cannot get over it. There
is the proposition.
Mr. RUSK. That only shows how easy it is
for a gentleman to be mistaken. This bill gives
authority to the company to construct the road
through a State with its consent. There are a
number of statutes in the books immediately be-
hind the President's chair, approved by Mr. Jeffer-
son, for the same thing. This bill authorizes the
construction of a road through a State, and author-
izes a company to construct it; and the reason for
the provision to which the Senator has alluded is
this: If the company should be unrestrained, it
might be to its interest not to allow a State to join
its road, or to have a cross road; and therefore
we have inserted here a positive requirement that
Congress may, at any time, under any circum-
stances, authorize a connection with the main road,
so as to prevent the company keeping off States
and individuals.
Mr. BUTLER. What I meant to say was, j
that the attempt is in this bill to prevent a State |
from running a road within its borders anywhere
it pleases.
Mr. GWIN. It is very easy for gentlemen to j
make assertions. If they will look at the bill, they I
will see that this road cannot be located within a
State without the authority of the State; and cer-
tainly when a State Legislature was passing a law
for the purpose of accepting the provisions of this
bill, it would reserve to itself power to connect. I
have no doubt every Legislature will do it.
Mr. BAYARD. The only power given to the
State Legislatures is to assent or dissent. They
have no power to impose restrictions according to
the bill. 8
Mr. BUTLER. That is all.
Mr. GWIN. Their power is not limited or
qualified, and therefore they have full power to
impose any condition.
Mr. MASON called for the yeas and nays on
his motion to commit; and they were ordered.
Mr. SOULE. I wish to obtain some informa-
tion as to a difficulty which strikes my mind in
this bill, and which has not been explained by its
supporters and friends. Do the friends of the bill
consider that it is within the power of Congress to 1
augment the obligations or the powers of the Pres-
ident under the Constitution? If that power is
not vested in us, I would like to know how hon-
orable Senators feel on this other question > Sup-
pose the President who is soon to go out of office 1
should give his sanction to this bill, do you believe !
that the incoming President is not likely to exer- !
cise his paramount power, and to see whether this '
is a duty known to the Constitution as belonging
to him and to the office which he holds? If he
should think it was not a duty properly conferred
on him under the Constitution, what would be the
position of the Senate > Where would stand your
bill, and what answer would you give to such a
President, declining to enforce such a law > I
want light.
Mr. BELL. The President is bound by his
j oath to execute the laws.
Mr. SOULE. I know he is; but answer me
this: If he tells you that he finds in the Constitu-
tion nothing that conveys to him that power, will
lie permit you to arrogate to yourselves the para-
; mount right of imposing upon him new obliga-
' tions, or to expand his power' I want an answer
to that question.
Mr. PRATT. I had supposed that the Con-
gress of the United States had a right, without the
veto of the President, without conflicting with the
constitutional powers of the President, to author-
ize the making of a road necessary for military
purposes, necessary to defend every portion of the
United States. If this bill is passed, will the Sen-
ator say that the President of the United States
will not do what he is directed by the bill, or re-
quested, or authorized by the bill to do? The
Senator from Virginia correctly said, when au-
thority is given in a bill to discharge a duty, it
becomes an obligation to discharge it. Would he
not exercise his power for the purpose of con-
structing a military road, authorized to be con-
structed by authority of Congress ?
Mr. RUSK. I have only this to say, in answer
to the Senator from Louisiana: that when the
President elect comes into power, the constitution-
ality of this, as well as of every law passed from
the foundation of the Government will be before
him, and he must perform his duty according to
his oath.
The question being taken by yeas and nays on
the motion to commit the bill to the Committee on
Roads and Canals, resulted—yeas 18, nays 33; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Bayard, Bright, Brodhead,
Butler, Charlton, Cooper, Dawson, De Saussure, Fitz-
patrick, Hunter, Mason, Norris, Pearce, Pettit, Phelps,
Soul«5, and Toucy—18.
NAYS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Bell, Borland,
Brooke, Cass, Chase, Clark, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of
Iowa, Douglas, Downs, Fish, Foot, Geyer, Gwm, Ham-
lin, Houston, Jones of Iowa, Jones of Tennessee, Miller,
Pratt, Rusk, Sebastian, Seward, Shields, Smith, Spruance,
Sumner, Underwood, Wade, Walker, and Weller—33.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. Morton, when his name was called, stated
that he had paired off with the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Davis.]
Mr. PRATT. I now offer my amendments.
The first one is to insert in the fifth section, that
which provides that the President shall contract,
the following proviso:
Provided, That the same can be effected upon the terms
stipulated by this act, and at an eipense to the United
Slates not exceeding the $20,000,000, and the grant of land
herein stipulated.
Mr. RUSK. That simply carries out and makes
more explicit what is already proposed in the bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PRATT. My next amendment is to insert
at the end of the thirteenth section, incorporating
the company, the following:
Provided, That nothing in this section contained shall be
construed to grant to the corporation hereby created any
banking powers or privileges: And provided further, That
said corporation may be hereafter regulated and restricted
by any act which maybe passed by Congress at any time
hereafter.
Mr. WELLER. I desire to make a motion to
strike out the whole of that section. I suppose,
however, that the vote will first be taken on the
amendment proposed by the Senator from Mary-
land , because the friends of a measure have a right
to perfect a section before it is striken out; but I
give notice that whether the amendment prevail or
not, I shall move to strike out the whole of that
section, being utterly opposed to creating a cor-
poration for this purpose.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WELLER. I now move to strike out the
whole of that section.
Mr. CASS. I am as much in favor of this bill
as any member of the Senate, but I cannot vote
for it if the section, which the Senato.r from Cali-
fornia proposes to strike out, be retained. I do
not believe that Congress has any power to estab-
lish a corporation in a State. If it has not the
power to do it directly, I do not believe that any
assent of a State can give the power. You must
look at the Constitution for your power, and not
to the assent of States. I hope the motion of the
Senator from California to strike out the section ,
will prevail; for if it be retained I cannot vote for J
the bill. 1
Mr. PRATT. There is one point to which I de-
sire to call the attention of the Senator from Mich-
igan . The Chesapeake and Ohio Canal Company,
to which I referred in my remarks a short time
' ago, was originally chartered, according to my
recollection, by the Congress of the United States.
That was a measure recommended by a conven-
tion of gentlemen collected from all sections of the
United States, and if my memory serves me, Mr.
Calhoun acted as the presiding officer. That com-
pany was chartered by the Congress of the United
States, and the a«t of incorporation provided that
with the assent of the States of Maryland and
Virginia, through whose territory this canal was
to pass, the charter was to take effect. 1 refer to
this not for the purpose of controlling the judg-
ment of my honorable friend from Michigan, for
whose opinion I have so high a respect, but for
the purpose of saying that from that time down
to this I had concluded that the Congress of the
United States might make a proposition to a State,
might pass a charter saying that the company
should be authorized to do so and so, and that it
should not do so within the limits of a particular
State without the assent of that State. So soon
as the State gives its assent, it becomes a charter
passed by the State, and not by the Congress of
the United States. Suppose this bill passes, and
| suppose that the only State upon which it is to
' operate is the State of Texas; the moment the
State of Texas assents to this bill and to this
charter it enacts the charter. It is then the State
of Texas granting the charter to the persons or
the company mentioned in the bill for the purpose
of making a road through Texas. It would then
be not the Congress of the United States giving
power to make theroad through Texas, butTexas
assenting to the power conferred conditionally by
Congress. The power is, by this bill, conferred
absolutely so far as the Territories of the United
States are concerned, but only conditionally in
regard to Texas. It is inoperative there until her
assent shall be given. When her assent is given,
her charter becomes the controlling one.
Mr. CASS. I merely wish to remark to the
Senator from Maryland, that the passage of an act
of incorporation for the Chesapeake and Ohio
Canal Company by Congress, or the assumption
of jurisdiction by Congress to establish that cor-
poration, does not alter my view of the Consti-
tution. I look to the Constitution for the powers
j of Congress. Congress has passed laws estab-
I lishing a national bank. I do not now believe,
| and I never did believe, in the constitutionality of
! such a measure. I am not, therefore, to be bound
by any such practice. Nor does one such in-
: stance establish the construction of the Constitu-
tion. This is a Government, not of general, but
of limited powers. That has all been gone over
a thousand times. Every member understands it.
You must go to the Constitution for your power,
and not to the assent of the States. The simple
( question is, in what part of that instrument do
you find authority to grant a charter to a company
within a State, and not whether the State gives its
assent or not. You cannot get the power from
that assent. You must have it from the Consti-
tution, or you cannot get it at all. I repeat, I do
not find any such provision in the Constitution;
and not finding it there, I cannot go to the States
for it.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I believe, Mr. Presi-
dent, that the retention of this corporation clause,
as it is called, is essentially necessary to carry out
the objects that we have in view; and I think that
if we strike out this section, the whole bill will be
good for nothing, and it will never be executed.
Now, upon the subject of its execution let me say
a few words. Where can you find an individual,
or a dozen or a hundred individuals, who will
have capacity by a private association to execute
the work ? What is a corporation in the sense
that we mean by the term when we make one by
this bill? It is nothing on earth but enabling
these thousands and tens of thousands who may
be associated for the accomplishment of this great
work to use a common name by which they can
contract. Allow me to say, that if you require
ten thousand persons to put their signatures to
the same bond, to sign the same contract for a
piece of railroad iron or a cross-tie, the whole
thing will become utterly impracticable. With-
out a corporation, if it becomes necessary to sue
or be sued, you could never bring a suit of that
