682
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 18,
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Bayard, Bradbury, Bright,
Broilhead, Butler, Charlton, Chase, Cooper, Dawson, De
Saussure, Dodge of Wisconsin, Downs, Fltzpatnek. Foot,
Gever, Houston, Hunter, Mason, Norris, Pearce, Phelps,
Shields, Soule, rfpruance, Sumner, Toueey, Underwood,
Walker, and VVeller—
\.\YS—Messrs. Badger, Borland, Brooke, Clarke,
Dodge of Iowa, Douglas, Gwin, Jones of Iowa, Jones of
Tennessee, Pratt, Rusk, Sebastian, Seward, Smith, and
Wade—15.
So the motion was agreed to, and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Fridav, February 18, 1853.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. ra. Prayer !,
by the Kev. C. M. Butler. !
The Journal of yesterday was read andapproved. '
The SPEAKER. The first business in order I.
is the consideration of the resolution reported on j
yesterday from the Committee on Printing, pro- ■
vidmg for the binding of maps.
Mr. CLARK. I have a resolution to offer in
reference to a privileged question. It relates to a
bill which has been sent to the Senate through a
mistake.
The resolution was as follows:
Resolved, That the Senate be requested to return to
fins House the lull of the Senate, (No. 242,) entitled " An
act to regulate the terms of the distuct court of the United
States for the district of Iowa."
The question was taken, and the resolution was
adopted.
The SPEAKER. If not objected to, the Chair
will present to the House certain Executive com-
munications. !
Mr. STANLY. I do not intend to take the
floor from the Speaker, but 1 desire to know what
is the business m order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair announced that
the first business in order was the consideration
of the resolution reported on yesterday from the
Committee on Printing.
Mr. STANLY. I hope that resolution will lie
over.
The following Executive communications were
then presented to the House, and referred as indi-
cated below:
I. A communication from the Treasury Depart-
ment, stating that, from information of the Depart-
ment and from recent representations upon the
subject, it is of the greatest advantage, not to say
necessity, that a revenue cutter on the Pacific
coast be propelled by steam, and recommending
an appropriation of §75,000 for the purpose of
building such a vessel.
Referred to the Committee on Ways and Means,
and ordered to be printed.
II. A communication from the Treasury Depart-
ment, submitting for the consideration of the Com-
mittee on Ways and Means estimates of appro-
priations which will be required for the payment
of the salaries of the supervising and local in-
spectors appointed under the act approved August
30, 1852, for the better preservation of the lives
of passengers on board of steamboats and other
vessels, for the year ending June, 1854, and also
for traveling expenses, instruments, contingen-
cies, &c.
Referred to the Committee on Ways and Means,
and ordered to be printed.
HI. A communication from the Department ofthe
Interior, transmitting, in compliance with the act of
August 26,1842, a detailed statement of the man-
ner in which the contingent fund of that Depart-
ment has been expended during the last year.
Laid on the table and ordered to be printed.
A. communication from the Department of the
Interior, transmitting a list of the clerks and other
persons employed in that Department and its
bureaus, during the last year, and showing the time
employed, and the amount paid, to each of those
officers.
Ordered to lie on the table and be printed.
V. A communication from the War Department,
transmitting a report of the Topographical Bureau,
in compliance with a resolution ofthe House, dated
January 17,1853, requesting the Secretary of War
to communicate to them what plans and estimates,
if any, have been made in reference to the harbor
of Cape Vincent, in New York, under the super-
intendence of the War Department.
Referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
VI. A communication from theCommissionerof
Public Buildings, comprising his report, showing
how the appropriations for the public buildings and
grounds, have been applied during the last year.
Referred to the Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds, and ordered to be printed.
MAR? AV. THOMPSON.
Mr. MILLSON. This being a day dedicated
by the rules to the consideration of private bills, 1
desire to make a statement.
More than a year ago, a Senate bill granting a
pension to Mary W. Thompson, was leferred to
the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions. The
committee unanimously recommended the pas-
sage of the bill, but from that time I have not had
an opportunity to make a report. This woman is
the widow of Colonel Thompson, who was killed
in battle at the head of his regiment. 1 ask the
consent of the House to report the bill, and I trust
the House will allow me to do so.
No objection being made, the bill was reported
and read a first time by its title.
The SPEAKER. If there is no objection, the
bill will receive its second reading.
Mr. EASTMAN. I object to reading it. My
drawer is full of the same kind of matter.
LIGHT-HOUSE BILL.
Mr. DUNCAN, by unanimous consent, report-
ed from the Committee on Commerce, " A bill
making appropriations for light-houses, light-
boats, buoys, &c., and providing for the erection
and establishment of the same, and for other pur-
poses."
Mr. DUNCAN. I move that the bill be re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, and ordered to be printed.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON. I would appeal to the House
to resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, and occupy the whole
of this day in the consideration of the civil and
diplomatic appropriation bill. There are but few
days remaining of this session, and if the House
now go into the Committee of the Whole we may
get through with the bill.
BINDING OF MAPS.
The SPEAKER. The business first in order
is the consideration of the report made from the
Committee on Printing last evening, on which
subject the gentleman from North Carolina [Mr.
Stanly] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. STANLY. It would give me great pleas-
ure to yield to the gentleman from Alabama, who
desires the transaction of the public business, that
he may submit his motion that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole. This
matter of printing does not demand immediate at-
tention, and, as I desire to say something on it, I
will move the postponement of its consideration
until any day of next week that may be suggested.
The SPEAKER.. The Chair cannot hear
whether the gentleman submits a motion or not
with reference to the business in order.
Mr. STANLY. I cannot hear the Chair very
often in consequence of the buzzing of conversa-
tion outside of the bar of the House.
I should be glad to have the resolution reported
from the Committee on Printing postponed for
consideration to whatever day it may suit the
pleasure of the House. I want the day fixed, so
that we may be certain at what time it will come
before us for action. It is suggested that I move
the postponement until nextTuesday; and I make [
that motion.
Mr. DUNCAN. I object to so long a post-
ponement. I understood from the statement of
the gentleman who reported this resolution from
the Committee on Printing, that it was very de-
sirable this binding should be ordered without de-
lay.
The SPEAKER. The motion to postpone is
not debatable.
Mr. STANLY. I thought in submitting the
motion to postpone that I was yielding to the pub-
lic business.
The question was taken, and the consideration
of the resolution was postponed until next Tues-
day.
Mr. GROW. I would ask unanimous consent
for leave to withdraw from the files of the House
the petition and papers in the case of William F. ;
Green, in order that they may be presented to one
of the Executive Departments.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I object.
Mr. EDGERTON. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
a Committee ofthe Whole House on the Private
Calendar.
The question was taken, and the motion was
disagreed to, there being on a division—ayes 45,
noes not counted.
Mr. SWEETSER. I rise to a question of priv-
ilege. I move that the chairs now in the area be
removed. The difficulty of the members, in the
part of the Hall in which I am, in hearing, arises
in a great degree from the confusion caused by
those seats. The Chair knows well enough, that
in voting by tellers, members can hardly get into
the area, in consequence of the aisles being par-
tially blocked up by these chairs. They ought,
in my opinion, to be removed. 1 demand tellers
on the motion.
Tellers were not ordered.
The question was taken, and the motion was
disagreed to.
Mr. GOODENOW. Is the motion to go to the
business on the Sneaker's table a privileged one?
The SPEAKER. It is not. The motion is
now pending that the rules be suspended, and that
the House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committeeof the Whole on the stateof the Union,
(Mr. Orr in the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN. The committee, at its last
sitting, had gone through the civil and diplomatic
bill as far as the appropriations under the head of
" surveyors general and their clerks."
The Clerk proceeded with the reading of the bill
for amendment.
The following item was read:
" For fitting Cape Hatteras light with first order of illu-
minating apparatus and lantern, and elevating tile light, fif-
teen thousand dollars."
Mr. STANLY. I move to increase that appro-
priation one dollar, in order that I may be enabled
to make a single remark. Two years ago, there
was some complaint about Cape Hatteras light,
which is in the district I have the honor to repre-
sent. Its keeper was censured for not doing his
duty. The matter was investigated, and I have
received from Lieutenant Maury and others, state-
ments showing that, on account of the fogs arising
there, the light is sometimes obscured. In jus-
tice to the individual who has charge of the light,
I seize this occasion to remark, that the Light-
House Board, after examination, have found that
he was not to blame, no matter who made the at-
tack on him. That Board have properly recom-
mended the elevation of the light, and this item
appropriates $15,000 for that purpose. The keeper
of the light is an humble man in life, who has
faithfully discharged his duty. He has been en-
tirely vindicated from charges made improperly
against him by some persons connected with the
Government. This is all I have to say, and I now
withdraw the amendment.
Mr. FREEMAN. I move to add after the
item—
" For removing the iron light house tower, at the junc-
tion of Southwest and Northeast Passes of the Mississippi
to Pass a TOutre, and substituting a small beacon-light m
its stead, six thousand dollars"—
the following:
And that tlic sum of one thousand dollars, appropriated
in 1837 for a marine hospital at Vicksburg, Mississippi, be,
and the same is hereby, reappropriated for that purpose.
Mr. HOUSTON. The amendment has no con-
nection with the previous section.
Mr. FREEMAN. I think it has.
The CHAIRMAN. Are there any appropri-
ations in the bill for hospitals ?
Mr. HOUSTON. There were estimates for
some, but whether they are in the bill or not I am
not prepared to say certainly. The gentleman's
amendment, however, has no connection with our
light-house establishment.
Mr. FREEMAN. I desire to say that this
very appropriation was embraced in the civil and
diplomatic appropriation bill which passed a pre-
vious Congress,
Mr. HOUSTON. Does the Chair decide the
amendment to be in order? There are a great
