684
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 18,
mates, they estimated the second time, and for the
St. Louii custom-house they asked a certain
amount of" money, which was given. I do not
remember ihe amount. I believe it was about
#37,00(1  
Mr. PHELPS. The first appropriation was
$50,001), the second $25,000, and the appropria-
tion at the Inst session was §37,000.
Mr. HOUSTON. There were three estimates.
I was mistaken in the statement just made, it
seems, not having recurred to the subject since
the last session of Congress. The first appro-
priation was $50,000, the second $25,000, and the
third was $37,000, making in all §112,000; and
now the fourth estimate asked for to complete the
building, amounts to a greater sum than the entire
amounts heretofore appropriated. Will the House
do that '■ We are told in the report of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury at this session, that we
appropriated at the last session of Congress
$10,000,000 more than the Department estimated
for. These estimates come in this way without
going into the public documents—from a private
communication to a member of this House—not
constituting a part of the documents of the coun-
try. They will never be set down as estimates,
and you will never find them upon your public
documents when in after years you come to ex-
amine the estimates of the Departments. If there
had been more money necessary, why did not
the Secretary of the Treasury communicate the
fact to Congress in his estimates, as he has done
in other things? It does seem to me that $112,000
is a fair amount to be appropriated for the custom-
house at St. Louis. My friend says it will in a
short time be the third or fourth custom-house in
the Union in point of revenue. The labor is done
in New Orleans—the goods are entered in the
custom-house at New Orleans—thus all the exam-
ination and labor is gone through there. You
have no officer in St. Louis except a mere col-
lector. I am not sure that he is called a collector
or whether he is a clerk.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. CLEVELAND. I move to reduce the
amount one dollar. It seems to me that the state-
ment of the chairman of the Committee on Ways
and Means ought to satisfy the House that this
appropriation should be made. I have never ad-
mired the policy pursued on the part of our com-
mittees who have charge of this business, and it
seems to me the past history in regard to this mat-
ter, shows that there may be great merit in the
proposition made by the gentleman from St. Louis,
[Mr. Darby.] What has been the course of the
Committee on Way s and Means in regard to these
appropriations ? Instead of stepping forward and
making such liberal appropriations as the case re-
quires 
Mr. HOUSTON. My friend from Connecticut
will allow me to say that the Committee on Ways
and Means have given in every instance the ap-
propriations which the Department has asked for.
Mr. CLEVELAND. Then the Department is
entirely in fault. If the first estimate of the De-
partment was right, why were we called upon so
soon by the same Department to make an ad-
ditional appropriation?
Mr. SKELTON. I rise to a question of order.
It is not in order for the gentleman to oppose his
own amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman in his re-
marks must confine himself to his amendment.
Mr. CLEVELAND. I will be within the
rules. I will avoid the gentleman's technicality
by making it a dollar larger. In regard to the ap-
propriation, it is perfectly apparent to every mem-
ber of the committee thai we ought to make an
appropriation greater than has been proposed
for the completion of that building. Why is it
that we propose to build this custom-house in a
most expensive manner by making appropriations,
this year a little, the next year a little, and the
year following a little ? We have got to have a
building there, to accommodate the business of
that great and growing city, and is it not the true
policy to make an appropriation at once, which
shall enable them to goon and complete the build-
ing, and accommodate the public? The early part
of this session we had a proposition made to dis-
pose of the public money, as we had too much of
it. Can there be a better disposition made of it
than to erect buildings in which to accommodate
the business of the nation? Why are we penu-
rious with regard to this matter > Every member |
of the committee knows very well that what is ;
needed there will be granted hereafter if not now, 1
and the injury by delaying it will be to make the
building much more expensive. It is much better
to have the money granted at once. Let there be
enough appropriated for the purpose of complet-
ing the work, and there will be no difficulty in
finishing it; and it will be altogether better than
voting a little money this year, and a little the
next for that purpose. In my judgment we had
better make an appropriation which shall be lib-
eral, and give them the money they need for their
purpose. The building we want, the building
we must have, and the building we shall have;
and the money needed for its construction will be
ultimately appropriated from the Treasury. I
ask whether there will be a better time to make
the appropriation than now. when we have a sur-
plus of money in the Treasury ? It is a legitimate
appropriation, and it is to accommodate our own
officers. From the representations which have been
made, the committee must be satisfied that this
appropriation is needed, and although as a general
principle I will stand by the recommendation of
the Committee on Ways and Means, yet in this
case I shall support the amendment of the gentle-
man from Missouri, [Mr. Darby".]
Mr. GORMAN. I am opposed to that amend-
ment, and I desire to say a few words with re-
spect to the disposition on the part of the gentle-i
man from Connecticut and other gentlemen to
find fault with reports made from the Committee
on Ways and Means, when the gentleman him-
self is not informed as to the facts of the case.
Has the gentleman from Connecticut seen any
estimates prepared by the proper Department? Is
that gentleman informed how much the Depart-
ment says is necessary to be expended during the
coming fiscal year? To whom are we to look for
estimates for the expenditures of the Government ?
Why, sir, to the proper Departments, and they
furnish them to the Committee on Ways and
Means. But the gentleman gets up and asks,
" Why not appropriate more money?" Because
the proper Department, whose business it is to
prepare estimates, have not estimated for more.
The gentleman knows of no reason. He gets up
and finds fault without knowing upon what ground
he finds fault.
Mr. CLEVELAND. Will the gentleman yield
me the floor for a moment ?
Mr. GORMAN. I have but five minutes my-
self, and I cannot, therefore, yield. The gentle-
man must take another occasion to reply. Sir,
when the committee have to investigate a partic-
ular item of expenditure, they apply to the proper
bureau for an estimate, and that bureau furnishes
an estimate to the clerk of the committee. If the
committee deem it not too large or otherwise inap-
propriate, they put it in the bill. And when they
have done that, the gentleman from Connecticut
gets up and inquires why they have not made a
larger appropriation ! Why, sir, the estimate is
made upon the hypothesis that so much can be
expended advantageously during the fiscal year,
and no more. How does the gentleman know
that more will be necessary during the next fiscal
year? Where is the money to go? Into whose
hands is it to go? Into the hands of Govern-
ment agents. Why should it be placed there
rather than be retained in the Treasury of the
United States ? Who wants to make additional
appropriations over and above the estimates of the
present Administration ? Certainly, sir, it has been
lavish enough, asageneral tiring, and last year the
Committee on Ways and Means found it neces-
sary to reduce the estimates of one Department of
the Government some $700,000. But the gentle-
man from Connecticut is dissatisfied, and finds
fault without ever having investigated the facts of
the case.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. CLEVELAND. If there is no objection,
I will withdraw my amendment to the amend-
ment.
No objection was made, and the amendment to
the amendment was accordingly withdrawn.
The question recurred upon Mr. Darby's amend-
ment.
j Mr. MILLER. I move to amend the amend-
:j ment by adding one dollar to the amount of the
i appropriation.
I I desire to's
say that I believe it would be econ-
omy upon the part of the Government to make
the appropriation asked for by my colleague. I
am satisfied that the Government is interested in
the early construction of this building, for the bet-
ter safety, preservation, and security of the books
and papers of the large number of offices in St.
Louis, which have been enumerated by my col-
league, amounting to some ten or a dozen. If I
remember aright, when this proposition was first
made for a custom-house at St. Louis, it was for
a fire-proof building for a custom-house, sub-treas-
ury, and other offices, and the amount of the ap-
propriation was $50,000, with a proviso that the
aggregate cost should not exceed $75,000. I un-
derstand that upon that fact, the chairman of the
Committee on Ways and Means predicates an ar-
gument that no more should be appropriated now.
Sir, this Congress has time and again made simi-
lar provisoes to appropriations for custom-houses.
It was dons in the case of the custom-house at
Mobile. An appropriation was made of $100,000,
with a proviso that in no event should the cost
exceed that amount, together with the proceeds
of the sale of the old custom-house. And yet,
sir, at the last session of Congress, the chairman
of the Committee on Ways and Means reported
a bill appropriating $100,000 more for the cus-
tom-house at Mobile, notwithstanding that pro-
viso. Such has also been the case with regard
to other custom-houses. This bill appropriates
$100,000 for the custom-house at Charleston, in
addition to the $287,000 or $387,000 heretofore
appropriated.
Sir, I hope that the amendment of my colleague
will be adopted. I believe it is demanded by the
best interests of the Government, and that it ought
to pass.
Mr. HOUSTON. I regret that the gentleman
from Missouri should have seen fit to allude to a
circumstance about which he has shown himself
to be wholly unadvised. He must have derived
his information, not from the documents, not from
the record, not from anything that occurred here,
but from some one who was not himself properly
informed with regard to it.
Mr. MILLER. I desire to ask the gentleman
in what respect I am in error?
Mr. HOUSTON. I will explain to the gentle-
man. He says that the appropriation for the
custom-house at Mobile was originally limited to
$100,000. That is true. But he says further,
that at the last session of Congress I reported a
bill appropriating $100,000 more. In that he is in
error.
Mr. MILLER. If I am not mistaken, the civil
and diplomatic bill of last session contained an
appropriation of $100,000 more.
Mr. HOUSTON. That is true.
Mr. MILLER. Well, the gentleman reported
that bill.
Mr. HOUSTON. Yes, sir. But if the gentle-
man had looked at the facts and advised himself
with regard to the matter—as he ought to "tlave
done before accusing me of inconsistency—he
would have found that that appropriation was not
put in the bill by the committee. The members of
the Committee on Ways and Means will bear me
witness that I opposed it unless all the custom-
houses in the same condition should have the sums
estimated by the Secretary of the Treasury. The
Secretary of the Treasury at the last session, esti-
mated for additional appropriations for the custom-
houses at Bath, Bangor, Pittsburg, Louisville,
St. Louis, Mobile, and Norfolk, and I took the
ground in the committee and in this House, that if
we gave one, we should give them all.
Mr. MILLER. I ask the gentleman if he did
; not agree to that appropriation in the Committee
of Conference ?
] Mr. HOUSTON. No, sir; I did not agree tp
it in the Committee of Conference, for the reason
; that the House agreed to it without its ever going
to the Committee of Conference. I voted for it
because I deemed it just and proper that all these
, custom-houses should be put upon the same foot-
ing, and that what the House determined to do
for one should be done for all.
Mr. MILLER. Do I understand the gentle-
man to say that he voted for it ?
Mr. HOUSTON. I voted for it most certainly.
! I say further, that the gentleman is wholly incor-
i rect in his recollection of the facts of the case, and
I has done me injustice in the statement which he
i has made. 1 took the same ground with regard
