1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
687
Mr. DARBY. I will state to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, that the first sum appropriated
was §50,000, the second $"25,000, and the next
$37 ,000. Negotiations were pending for a long
time in reference to a lot, and one was purchased.
It was found to be of insufficient size to accom-
modate all the public buildings of the United States
Government which were to be erected upon it.
Additional ground was purchased. This did not
consume the whole appropriation, and a portion
of it still remains unexpended, but not enough to
except of the bids, and complete the buildings ac-
cording to the plans and specifications furnished
by the Treasury Department.
I repeat, this appropriation is not asked for a
custom-house alone, but to erect a building of
sufficient capacity to accommodate all the Govern-
ment business there. It should not only be made
fire-proof, but rogue-proof, if you want the money
of the sub-treasury protected, and that can only
be done by constructing it of cement, iron, and
stone. It is necessary that the building should be
made perfectly fire-proof, in consequence of the
valuable records there to be deposited. The rec-
ords are now subject to the fires which occur in
that city, and there is no place of security for
them. So it is with the surveyor general's office,
in which all the public records of the land for the
State of Missouri are kept. They are at the mercy
of the flames, and not unfrequently the people
have been alarmed at the prospect of these valu-
able records being destroyed. It is not, therefore,
a mere custom-house matter; it is also a matter of
economy, by saving the large rents which the
Government is now paying.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MILLSON. 1 withdraw my amendment,
if there is no objection.
The amendment was withdrawn.
The question then recurred on the amendment
of Mr. Darby.
Mr. GOODENOW. I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Gaylord
and Hammond were appointed.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment was agreed to; the tellers having reported—
ayes 77, noes 43.
Mr. PRESTON. I move to add after the 759th
line the following words:
For proceeding with the construction of the custom-house
at Louisville, Kentucky, $87,745.
Mr. Chairman, I would state to the committee
that there was an original appropriation to this i
custom-house of $75,000, and that at the last ses- ]
gion of Congress there was a further appropria- j
tion of $16,000 to pay for the site selected for the J
purpose. 1 have been informed by the Secretary j
of the Treasury that he has not yet let the con-
tracts for the construction of the building, because |
if the cost be limited by the existing appropriations, I
they are not sufficient for the completion of a safe, !l
serviceable, and substantial edifice. A letter from
the same source informs me that a plan has been
adopted, and bids have been invited—a memoran-
dum of which is before me—so that we can act
courts, pension office, and other public offices, so
that when it is completed, the Government will
annually save in the way of rents, a sum almost
equivalent to the interest on the entire expenditure.
The import trade of Louisville is rapidly in-
creasing, and if proper facilities for a direct com-
merce with Europe be afforded, I feel that the
number of our importing houses, already numer-
ous, will be greatly augmented.
I trust the same spirit of liberal legislation which
has just marked the action of the committee in re-
lation to St. Louis, will be exhibited towards Lou-
isville, and that the amendment I offer may receive
its approval.
Mr. SWEETSER. Mr. Chairman, I desire to
say but a word or two on this subject. The com-
mittee have observed, no doubt, that the chairman
of the Committee on Ways and Means seemed to
complain that there has been in this class of appro-
priations an attempt to practice a fraud on the
House of Representatives. If that gentleman had
been in the Thirty-first Congress, lie would have
recollected that these appropriations, when made
for the western cities of the Union, were not consid-
ered as sufficient for the completion of the buildings,
and the policy was then adopted to accommodate
in a single building the custom-house officers, the
United States courts, and post office at these cities.
It was well understood when we appropriated
$50,000 for Pittsburg, $50,000 for Cincinnati,
$50,000 for St. Louis, and $50,000 for Louisville,
,that those sums were intended for the commence-
ment of the custom-houses, and probably only
enough to purchase sites for them. If we stop
now, we will be guilty of bad faith towards those
localities, whose commerce now imperatively de-
mands these appropriations to complete the neces-
sary buildings, and preserve our plighted faith.
When gentlemen come forward and ask for ap- '
propriations to complete these custom-houses they
ask for nothing more than what is right.
And I say this withoutany intention of charging
on one section of the country a policy at war with
liberality towards the western States. I only claim
that we are bound by every consideration of pub-
lic duty to finish these undertakings. In many
instances the sites have been selected and pur-
chased, and the foundations laid. Shall we stop
there ? As was w.ell remarked by the gentleman
from Missouri, besides the facilities that will be
afforded the public service by the construction of
these buildings, the Government will make a great
saving in the way of rent. I would appeal to
gentlemen who were in the Thirty-first Congress,
and who heard the charge of the chairman of the
Ways and Means, to look back at the policy pro-
posed in voting these appropriations. It is not
right on the part of the gentleman from Alabama,
or any other gentleman, to come forward now and
charge that there has been an attempt at fraud on
the part of the western cities in asking for small
appropriations at first, and then expanding the
work and annually asking for largely-augmented
appropriations. There is not a well-informed gen-
tleman present who does not know that at the time
these appropriations were commenced it was per-
advisedly in relation to the probable expendi- fectly understood that they were not sufficient to
tures, and thus obviate the objections urged by the complete the purposes for which they were intend-
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Dunham.] It is
proper I should inform the committee, that under
the applications of bidders for the contracts, the
total cost will be about $162,000. A note from the
Secretary informs me that $25,000 would be suffi-
cient for the present, to proceed with the work,
but 1 have thought it best to state at once, on ac-
curate data, the total cost, and embrace in my
amendment a sum sufficient to insure the efficient
prosecution and certain completion of the struc-
ture. This 1 have done.
Louisville has a foreign import trade of nearly
§300,000 a year, which has grown up in the last
few years, and is now rapidly augmenting. It is
already the seventh or eighth city of the Confed-
eracy, with a population of sixty or seventy thou-
sand, increasing with wonderful rapidity, and situ-
ated in the heart of the rich valley of the Ohio.
Its population has doubled in the last ten years,
and is advancing with proportionate progress. It
would be but a costly economy to construct cheap '
or inconvenient public buildings, as they would
soon prove inadequate, and be abandoned, while '
the Government would be compelled to incur fresh
expenditures for others. The law contemplates 1
that the edifice shall accommodate the post office, I
ed. I will vote for them all, and I will vote for them
without charging any part of the Union with a de-
sire to withhold justice from the western States.
I will tell gentlemen that we make no complaints,
for the day is at hand when the Great West
will claim and maintain her rights. We are wil-
ling to do what is just and proper to all sections
of the Confederacy. The Atlantic sea-board, has
been liberally dealt by, and the West has been
long enough postponed. We know our rights,
and we shall assert them fearlessly.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. AVERETT. I am opposed to the amend-
ment. I deny, Mr. Chairman, there was any
understanding when the appropriations for these
works were made that they were considered as
but beginnings. At any rate, their friends did not
place them on any such grounds. No, sir; we
were assured that the costs should not exceed the
amounts then asked for and appropriated. With-
out this assurance the appropriations could not
havepassed. I think my colleague, [Mr. Bayly,]
the chairman of the Committee on Ways and
Means of the last Congress, will sustaim me in
this statement. If I am not mistaken, it was ex-
pressly enacted that the whole cost of each work I
should not exceed the amount then appropriated
for it.
But the fashion of the day is, that when we go
" in for a penny," to bind us for pounds, whether
we will or not. The Executive, or those under the
Executive having charge of these works and ap-
propriations, cut out their patterns beyond their
own estimates, and without authority of Jaw; and
the question is, whether the people's Represent-
atives or the Executive and his subordinates are
to have the mastery of the purse-strings. If we
sanction the course, which has been so'repeatedJy
pursued of late, of transcending the express limit-
ations of law, you cannot put limits to the style
or cost of any custoin-house or any other public
work. You surrender the rightful'power of this
House over the public Treasury.
We are told that we are bound to make the ap-
propriations now asked for, or the works will go
down. Down ! down ! I say, let them go, rather
than the Representatives of the people should
knuckle to such abuses and usurpations.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Georgia. I move to reduce
the appropriation to one dollar. Mr. Chairman,
the complaint has been made here that certain
sections of this Union are unjust, at least illiberal,
to the West through its Representatives. I take
issue on that declaration. The West has received
the sixteenth sections of the public domain; it has
received- five per cent, on the sales of the public
lands of this Union, and it has received donations
of them to aid in the construction of railroads.
The South and East have received nothing of the
kind. This public domain belonged to us, and in
the spirit of liberality 
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. How much
has the State of Kentucky received '
Mr. JOHNSON. I speak of the West, and the
complaints that are made.
J Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. I rise to a question
of order. I hold that the gentleman's remarks
J are not relevant to the amendment under consider-
ation.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman must con-
| fine his remarks to an explanation of his amend-
ll ment.
| Mr. JOHNSON. I am only answering an ar-
gument that has been offered here for the purpose
of showing the propriety of the appropriation.
The argument is, that we should be liberal to the
West. We have been abundantly liberal to the
West already. The West comes forward now and
tells you that the day is rapidly approaching when
i they will ask nobody, but claim their rights.
] They will claim the appropriation of the whole
public domain, which is the common property of
all the States. But the West stands here on this
floor and refuses to distribute the proceeds of the
public lands amopg the States of this Union.
Now, where is the ground for complaint? Where
have we been illiberal ? I say, sir, according to
my judgment, there is no kind of necessity for a
custom-house on any river in the interior. There
is no kind of public necessity for any hospitals;
yet appropriations are madefor them in a spirit of
liberality to the West. These complaints are un-
founded. I think that it is the old States who
have a right to complain. They have not been
dealt fairly by in regard to the property they origin-
ally owned.
Mr. STUART. I am not going to enter into
this discussion at all. I am not going to indorse
what was said by the gentleman from Ohio, or to
enteral all in the discussion of what has been
done for the western States in regard to the public
lands. But 1 am going to ask the gentleman from
Georgia whether he has ever looked at the statis-
tics of the Government in relation to expenditures
to secure lands to the States: and whether he has
found that any State has received as much at the
hands of the General Government as the State of
Georgia ?
Mr. JOHNSON. We have given the whole of
the public lands in Alabama and Mississippi to
the Government.
Mr. STUART. The State of Georgia has re-
ceived more for the extinguishment of the Indian
title within the limits of that State, to give it the
land, than has been given to any other State of
this Union.
Mr. JOHNSON. That was under a contract
with the Government.
Mr. STANLY. I object to all of this debate.
