THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
32d Congress, 2d Session.
SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 19, 1853.
New Series No. 44.
Mr. Chairman, a good deal has been said in
this connection, about the spirit of illiberal hos- j
tility manifested by the Representatives of that ,
portion of the Union from which 1 come, towards |
every proposition for the benefit of the West. The
gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr. Freeman,] for
the purpose of sustaining himself in that position,
says that all that the western States have ever
received ha£ been a few alternate sections of the
public lands along their lines of railway, for which
they are to compensate the Government by the
carriage of the mails. Now, sir, is it not noto-
rious, that in all these schemes for donating the
public lands to aid in the construction of railways,
it is provided that contracts shall be made with
the companies for the transportation of the mails,
and that they shall receive such compensation as
may be agreed upon between the Post Office De-
partment and the railroad companies?
Mr. FREEMAN. The railroads will increase
the value of the alternate sections reserved to the
Government.
Mr. LETCHER. I have heard that song over
and over again.
Mr. GOODENOW. I rise to a question of
order. The gentleman from Virginia is out of
order, in replying to the argument of the gentle-
man from Mississippi, instead of applying his re-
marks to his own amendment.
Mr. LETCHER. Well, sir, as my remarks
have provoked my venerable friend over the way
to call me to order, I will relieve him from all fur-
ther trouble, by saying nothing more.
Mr. GORMAN. I am opposed to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Virginia, and I hope
I shall not be called to order for sdying to the gen-
tlemen from the Old Thirteen States, that they got
every foot of land within their borders. The State
of Virginia, it is true, gave the northwestern ter-
ritory to the General Government, if she had any
title to it.
Mr. BOCOCK. Which you do not deny, I
suppose.
Mr. GORMAN. I do not intend to deny it.
I give the'old mother credit for it. I would kneel
and worship at her shrine for the kindness she has
always manifested towards this Government, in
war and in peace. I am not going to commence
warring with my friend from Virginia, nor shall
I complain of my friend from Georgia [Mr. John-
bom] for the remarks which he has made.
Mr. JOHNSON. The remarks which I made
were provoked by the remarks of gentlemen from
the West—the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Sweet-
ser] and others.
Mr. GORMAN. Gentlemen must remember
also that the State of Georgia, by compact or con-
tract 
Mr. GOODENOW. I call the gentleman to
order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of opinion
that the remarks of the gentleman from Indiana
are not strictly in order.
Mr. GORMAN. I am aware that my remarks
are not strictly in order. But I am replying to
remarks which have been made by other gentle-
men.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will allow
the Chair to state, that the rule provides that the
gentleman proposing an amendment may be al-
lowed five minutes to explain it, and then live
minutes are allowed to another member to oppose
it.
Mr. GORMAN. Iam opposing the arguments
used by the gentleman who offered this amend-
ment. But I hope the House will bear with me in
saying that the State of Georgia received, under
contract with the Government, a certain amount
of public land 
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman cannot pur-
sue his course of remark, as" is objected to. The
Chair did not feel authorized to call gentlemen to
order unless the point was insisted on. As it is
insisted on now, the Chair feels that it is his duty
to enforce the rule.
Mr. GORMAN. Is it in order for me to say
that the State of Georgia 
44
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks it is not
in order.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I want to
ask the gentleman a question that is in order.
Where did the new States get their.land from ?
Mr. GORMAN. They got it by the hardy and
daring pioneers of the country 
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair hopes this
course of remark will not be pursued. It is not
in order, and it is objected to.
Mr. GORMAN. Well, sir, I do not wish to
proceed out of order. I will only say further that
this appropriation for the custom-house at Louis-
ville is estimated for by the proper officer of the
Government—the Secretary of the Treasury—who
states in his report that the amount heretofore ap-
propriated is not sufficient, and that this additional
appropriation is necessary to complete the work.
The question was then taken on Mr. Letch-
er's amendment, and it was not agreed to.
The question recurred upon Mr. Preston's
amendment.
Mr. SKELTON. I move to reduce the appro-
priation to live dollars. I have been listening with
a great deal of attention to this discussion, with
the expectation of getting some information which
would have a bearing upon the main question be-
fore us. I do not wish to be told whether the
West has been justly or unjustly dealt by, or
whether the East has had too much or too little.
The only question which will guide my vote upon
this question is whether or not this appropriation
is necessary to promote the public interests of the
country. If an appropriation for the custom-
house at Louisville is necessary, I will cheerfully
vote for it without regard to its locality. If it is
not necessary, it cannot receive my vote. Sir, I
have asked the gentlemen who demand this ap-
propriation what amount of revenue is collected at
Louisville, and they have refusal to answer the
question.
Mr. PRESTON. 1 will state to the gentleman
that the amount of revenue collected there last
year was sixty-odd thousand dollars.
Mr. SKELTON. Well, sir, if that is all the
revenue collected there, the amount asked for the
construction of a custom-house appears to me to
be extremely large. We have in my State a
number of ports of entry where that amount of
revenue is collected, and no custom-houses are
thought necessary, and no such appropriations as
these are asked for. Offices for the transaction of
the local business in these small ports of entry,
may be rented much more cheaply and with more
advantage to the Government than these large
custom-houses can be erected. These great build-
ings not only cost large sums of money in their
construction, but it is very expensive to keep them
■ warm and clean and in proper repair. Before I
can vote for these extravagant appropriations, I
must be satisfied that the interests of the country
imperatively demand them. Now, in the eastern
ports, where a very small amount of revenue is
collected, no custom-houses are constructed. I am
free to admit that money has been extravagantly
expended in the construction of the custom-houses
at Philadelphia and New York. Even for the
' largest ports of entry in the United States, the
expenditures have been extravagantly and unne-
cessarily large.
j Sir, I think the time has arrived when the people
l of this country have a right to demand from their
I representatives a judicious and careful investiga-
tion of all tlife appropriations of their money that
may be made. Sir, one gentleman who advocated
this appropriation, adverted to the fact that we
have a full and overflowing Treasury. But that
is no reason why we should vote extravagant and
unnecessary appropriations, to flatter the pride, or
pamper the interests of certain localities in our
country. I trust that we shall enter upon the in-
vestigation of these various propositions in a spirit
of liberality, but that we shall exercise that dis-
crimination and prudence which we owe to our-
selves and to the country, and see that no appro-
i priations are made which are not indispensably
: necessary to promote the public welfare and the
public interests. As the gentlemen who propose
this large appropriation have failed, in my opinion,
to show that the interests of the country demand
it, I feel called upon to oppose it as far as liesln
my power, as I shall oppose all such wasteful and
extravagant expenditures of the public money.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HOUSTON. I am opposed to the amend-
ment to the amendment, and ask for a vote upon
it.
The question was then taken on the amendment
to the amendment, and it was not agreed to.
The question recurred upon Mr. Preston's
amendment, and being put, it was decided in the
affirmative—ayes 70, noes not counted.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DISNEY. I move to amend by adding
an appropriation of $100,000 for the completion
of the custom-house at Cincinnati.
A Member. You had better make it the same
as that of Louisville.
Mr. DISNEY. Very well; at the suggestion
of a friend on my right, I will make it the same
as that of Louisville.
The amendment was then reported, as follows:
For the completion of the custom-house at Cincinnati,
$87,745.
! Mr. DISNEY. Mr. Chairman, I take it for
; granted that after the votes the committee have
given for the custom-houses at St. Louis and Lou-
' lsville, that it will be unnecessary for me to add one
word in defense of the amendment which I have
now the honor to submit. It will be sufficient for
me to say, in general terms, that the condition of
the three cases is precisely the same. Allow me,
however, to say a few words in reply to some
remarks which have been made upon these general
appropriations for these buildings and in defense
of these appropriations. 1 make these general
, statements as to the amount of the revenue col-
lected at the port of Cincinnati. Under the ex-
isting laws, the revenue collected at the custom-
house in that city amounts to about $140,000 per
annum, according to my recollection; while the
population of that city, as shown by a recent cen-
! sus, is one hundred and sixty thousand souls, and
the exports and imports amount to between sixty
and seventy millions of dollars annually. But this,
sir, is not the time nor the occasion to go into an ar-
gumenttoshow thepropriety ornecessity of erect-
ing a custom-house at this place. < That question
has been decided heretofore, and if the occasion
required it, it could be easily shown why the neces-
sities of the commerce of that city required it.
Mr. DUNHAM. If the gentleman will allow
me for a moment, I want to ask him if he has any
estimate from the Department showing that this
amount will be required to complete this building?
Mr. DISNEY. In reply to the question of the
gentleman, I will make these general statements:
The Department has been unable to make their es-
timates for this work, because they have not re-
ceived their bids; but the bids from Louisville have
been recently received, and the building in Cincin-
nati being so nearly in the same cond ition, we know
enough to say that it will require at least this
amount. We cannot tell the precise sum which
will be required to complete the custom-house at
Cincinnati; but upon consultation with the bidder
for the Louisville edifice, he expressed the opinion
that it would require at least $100,000 to complete
the building, so that we are at least safe in putting
the amount at $87,000. Estimates are important
because they are official guarantees of the fact. But
if the fact is absolutely knoien—estimates are of no
account. It is the verity of the fact which is de-
sired, not the form or means by which it is an-
nounced. In this case we fcnoic that the money is
needed,—that it must be given or a suitable house
cannot be built. And upon this fact the commit-
tee must rest its action.
As I have before remarked, I take it for granted
that after the decision which has been given by
this committee in relation to the custom-houses at
Louisville and St. Louis, settles that with regard
to the one at Cincinnati, which is upon precisely
the same footing, and it will not be necessary for
