688
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 18,
me to say anything with regard to this as a spe-
cific appropriation.
I desire, however, to say a word in reply to the
remarks of the gentleman from New Jersey, [Mr.
Skelton,] which certainly demand some notice.
That gentleman, as others upon this floor, seems
to have overlooked the fact that in making these ap-
propriations for what we term custom-houses, they
are for something more than merely to accommo-
date the officers for the collection of custom-house
duties. These buildings, although they go under
the general name of custom-houses, are also for
the accommodation of the post offices in the respect-
ive cities; they are for the courts of the United
States, and for all the offices appertaining to these
establishments. They are for the surveyor of the
port; in short, they are designed to answer all the
purposes for all the Government officers within
the respective localities where they may be situ-
ated.
I conclude, then, sir, as I begun—and I will not
trouble the committee any farther upon this amend-
ment—that the appropriation for which 1 ask to
complete the custom-house at Cincinnati, is justi-
fied upon precisely the same grounds which have
justified this committee in voting simitar appro-
priations for the buildings now in progress of con-
struction at Louisville and St. Louis, and I pre
sume this consideration will be sufficient to insure
it favor with the committee. A sound regard for
its own dignity, its own consistency, will compel
the committee to give the same decision.
Mr. LETCHER. Mr. Chairman, at the last
session of Congress, under the date of 11th Feb-
ruary, the Secretary of the Treasury made a report
to this House in regard to custom-houses, and
among the number reported upon is this custom-
house in Cincinnati. Now, sir, I ask the atten-
tion of the committee for a moment, to the facts
contained in this report. With respect to those at
St. Louis and Cincinnati, the Secretary says:
" Cincinnati and St. Louis.—The present appropriation
for the purchase of each of the above sites, arid the erection
of the buildings is $7.r>,000, with a proviso tliat the cost of
the buildings, respectively, shall not exceed $75,000. The
sites have been purchased ; the one at Cincinnati has CO;*!
$50,000, and that at St. Louis $37,000. The Department,
under the present law, feels itself authorized to enter into
contracts for buildings at these places, at a cost not exceed-
ing $75,000, and is making arrangements accordingly; and
it is therefore respectfully recommended that ihe needful
additional appropriation should lie made to cover the costs
of the respective sites, which have been paid from the pres-
ent appropriations. The full amount will be required du-
ring the ensuing fiscal year."
Now, sir, at the time this appropriation was
made for the erection of a custom-house in Cin-
cinnati, the amount of $75,000 was represented as
amply sufficient for the purpose. After that ap-
propriation was made, however, the site was pur-
chased, and it was ascertained that the site alone
cost $50,000. It was then represented by the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to Congress, that after pay-
ing $50,000 for the purchase of a site, another ap-
propriation of $75,000 would be necessary to com-
plete the building, and we were assured that this
sum would be sufficient for its completion. That
' appropriation was made, as I understand, during
the last session of Congress to the full amount
asked for by the Secretary of the Treasury. Yet
now, in the absence of all estimates from that offi-
cer, in the absence of all evidence from any De-
partment of this Government that a single dollar
is required, the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Dis-
ney] comes forward and asks this House to ap-
propriate the further sum of $87,500 to the erection
of the custom-house in Cincinnati, although we
have no official information whatever that this
amount is necessary, or that even a single dollar
is required, and without knowing whether a con-
tract has been made according to the report of the
Secretary of the Treasury, for the sum of $75,000,
or whether that sum of money has been expended
in whole, or even in part.
Mr DISNEY, (interrupting.) Thegentleman
says 1 come here to ask for an appropriation with-
out knowing what is required.
Mr. LETCHER. No, sir, the gentleman mis-
understands me. I beg that he will confine him-
self to the issue. I say he comes here without
any estimate from the Secretary of the Treasury
to show that it is required.
Mr. DISNEY. And I will show you the reason
whv-
Mr. LETCHER. Well, then, I ask,has this
contract ever been made.' Does the report of the
Secretary of the Treasury show that it has ever J
been made ? And has this House the proper evi
detice to satisfy members that they should vote
this money ? Sir, the majority of this House will
be held accountable for these expenditures of the
public money without even the authority of an es-
timate from the Department, or any other reliable
source.
Mr. DISNEY. Will the gentleman permit me
to call his attention"to a single fact? Wearepro-
ceeding in voting this appropriation upon precisely
the same authority as we have had for voting
them for Louisville and St. Louis.
Mr. LETCHER. Let me get the gentleman
back to the issue again. I understand the gentle-
man from Ohio represented the city of Cincinnati
at the time it was first proposed to erect a custom-
house at that point, and I understand the gentle-
man went for limiting the expenditure to $75,000.
Mr. DISNEY. One word more, if the gentle-
man will allow me. If the gentleman will exam-
ine the act in regard to this custom-house in Cin-
cinnati, he will find that the limitation of which
he speaks is not applied there at all.
Mr. LETCHER. Well, did not the gentleman
represent at that time, and did not the Treasury
Department represent at that time, that $75,000
was all that would be required, and that no more
would be asked forthat purpose? Thegentleman
did—and if the Treasury Department did the
same thing, how is it that the gentleman, in the
absence of any estimate whateverfrom the Treas-
ury Department, comes forward and asks for an
appropriation of $87,500 to be applied to the same
purpose? He said $75,000 dollars was enough,
and we gave him $75,000. He received all he
asked, and all that the Secretary of the Treasury
thought necessary.
It seems to me the majority ofthis House ought
to look to the situation they occupy. Here are
the Treasury Department and the other Depart-
ments of the Government, now complaining that
money was appropriated last year which was
never asked for. The Democratic majority of the
House are responsible, in the estimation of the
Whigs, and I ask them if they intend to go on
accumulating these extraordinary expenditures?
Are they going to appropriate year after year 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. Is it in order to offer
an amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. It is in order now to amend
the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Disney.]
Mr. FULLER. 1 move to reduce the amount
to $80,000.
Mr. Chairman, I recollect very distinctly about
these several appropriations, and I believe I voted
for them all, under the express understanding that
when these appropriations were made, we should
not be called upon again. I have here before me
the record that such was the understanding ex-
pressed at the time .in debate by the honorable
gentleman [Mr. Marshall] who preceded the
present gentleman from Louisville, [Mr. Pres-
ton,] and by the honorable gentleman who now
represents the Cincinnati district, [Mr. Disney,]
during the last session. ,
Mr. DISNEY. That was not my understand-
ing.
Mr. FULLER. Well, I will read what the
gentleman did say, and gentlemen can judge for
themselves:
"Mr. Disney. The present appropriation for the erec-
tion of the Cincinnati and St. Louis custom-houses is
$75,000 each, with the proviso that 'the cost ot the build
i ngs, respectively, shall not exceed .$75,000.' The sites have
been purchased. The site at Cincinnati has cost $50,000,
and that at St. Louis $37,000. The Department, under
the present law, feels itself authorized to progress with the
building That is what the Secretary says. The appro-
priation, then, was not for the purchase of the site, but the
construction of the building. The Department feels itself
authorized to erect upon these sites buildings not to ex-
ceed in cost$75,OtiO each. He has bought the site, and is
now going on to erect the edifices. He asks for enough to
pay the debt you have authorized him to contract. That is
the whoiecase."
Now, I ask, in good faith, if we have not made
the appropriations the gentleman from Ohio asked
for at that time? When the subject of erecting a
custom-house at St. Louis was under considera-
tion, the friends of that measure came forward
and very modestly asked for an appropriation
of $75,000, and said that was sufficient. They
placed a limitation in the act that it Bhould not ex-
ceed that amount. Afterwards we gave them
$75,000 or $80,000 and they said that would cer-
tainly be sufficient to complete the building; but
now they come forward and ask for an additional
appropriation of $100,000, and next year I sup-
pose they will want $200,000, and so on. There is
no end to it.
Mr. LETCHER. We have already given Cin-
cinnati $15,000.
Mr. FULLER. But I understand the first
appropriation was only for the purchase of the
site. The next was for the completion of the build-
ing, but it was to be the last appropriation to be
asked for. Yet they come forward now and ask
for a strll larger appropriation.
Mr. DISNEY. It is remarkablethaft this ques-
tion should have to be argued again before it will
be understood. The precise argument thegentle-
man now adduces has already been presented
three or four times, and has as often been met.
Why, sir, this is the argument which was used
in opposition to the appropriations for the custom-
house at St. Louis and the one at Louisville, and
now it is presented over again for the third time.
The condition of this custom-house at Cincinnati
is precisely the same as the condition of the cus-
tom-houses at Louisville and St. Louis. The
same in the one case as in the others. The amount
of appropriation is identically the same, except at
Louisville, which is of less amount. ,
Mr. FULLER. The gentleman need not ad-
dress his arguments to me, for I voted against all
of them.
Mr. DISNEY. Bat the gentleman took espe-
cial care, at the last session, to vote for two cus-
tom-houses for the State of Maine, for Bath and
Bangor. They do not bring in one half or one
quarter the revenue that is derived either at the
custom-house of St. Louis, or Cincinnati, or Lou-
isville; but then they are in the Slate of Maine. The
gentleman's liberality began at home, and it ends
exactly where it begins—at home—in Maine. I
have told the House that the annual revenue raised
at Cincinnati, is from one hundred and forty to
one hundred and sixty thousand dollars. The
population of that city is one hundred and sixty
thousand, and the imports and exports amount to
$60,000,000 annually. Compare these facts with
the business of Bangor and Bath.
The arguments in opposition to these custom-
houses have been presented over and over again,
and the House have passed upon them, and here
we are now to have the same thing al) over again-.
I hope there will be an end to it, and that the
House, with a just regard to its own consistency
and dignity, will maintain the decision it has here-
tofore made; a sense of decency in relation to its
own character requires it.
The question was then taken on the amendment
offered by Mr. Fuller, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. TAYLOR. I move to increase the amount
proposed by my colleague to $90,000.
I wish to sSy a very few words which seem to
me to be necessary, in defense of the Secretary of
the Treasury, from some remarks made by gen-
tlemen who have addressed the committee. The
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Dunham] a short
time since made a statement to the committee, and
if I understood him, he alleged that the Secretary
of the Treasury had originally sent an estimate
here for the custom-houses at Louisville, St. Louis,
Cincinnati, and Pittsburg. Now, I was a mem-
ber of the Thirtieth Congress when these appro-
priations were originally made, and if my memory
serves me, the Secretary of the Treasury sent no
estimates at all. The appropriations were all made
at the instance of the representatives upon this
floor from those districts respectively, and with-
out any recommendation by the Secretary of the
Treasury. If I am wrong in this, my colleague
from the Cincinnati district will correct me. He
sent no estimates here, but it was the pleasure of
Congress, in consideration of the vast commerce
growing up in these beautiful cities of the West,
to provide forthat commerce at the expense of the
General Government. Congress made the appro-
! priation of $50,000«and increased it to $75,000,
j without an estimate, I believe, under the belief that
it was necessary, and upon the representations of
! members on this floor. Now, sir, it turns out
that the sum was not sufficient. The gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. Letcher] argues as though
| an appropriation made by the Thirtieth Congress
I could not be revised, and increased, if neoessary,
