1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
689
for the public interest of those great cities. I j|
misht say with regard to Cincinnati, a city con- |
taming one hundred and sixty thousand inhabit-
ants, and who trade with five millions of the peo-
ple of the United States, that she is now without
a custon>house, though she has a collector and
surveyor of the port, and upwards of a hundred
thousand dollars is collected annually at that point.
We should have a custom-house there; we should
hixve a building with the necessary accommoda-
tions for the circuit court of the United States, if
it be removed there, and for the preservation of
the public records. The expenditures you make j
for these western accommodations are exceed- !
ingly small when compared to those you make |
for the accommodation of the eastern sea-board, j
Now, I wish to disclaim any intention of impu-
ting to gentlemen of the East any disposition to
withhold any proper appropriation for the western j
country. 1 acknowledge that they are liberally
disposed. I never knew of an appropriation pro-
posed for any of our western interests, that the
representatives from the New England States,
New York, Pennsylvania, Maryland, and other
eastern States, did not generally agree to. And
while we are liberal in making appropriations
for the protection of our commerce, for building
custom-houses, court-houses, and in fact for the
protection of every public general interest on the
great Atlantic border, I trust that this committee
will not oppose the small appropriation asked
for by the great city of the State 1 in part repre-
sent.
Mr. Chairman, I wish, before this bill is dis-
posed of, to call the attention of this committee to
another important fact. We should have fire-
proof buildings for the preservation of the original
records of the land titles in that State; and I de-
sire that provision will be made for their preserva-
tion in the town in which 1 reside. They are now
very unsafe. It is not unfrequently the case
in our western country, that the land offices are
burnt up with all the original land patents, surveys,
plats, and other papers, and Congress should
make provision at once for their safe-keeping.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SACKETT.' I am opposed to the amend-
ment of my friend from Ohio, and in favor of the
original amendment.
I rise more particularly for the purpose of ascer-
taining, from those immediately interested, some
facts in regard to this matter. As I understand
it, there was an original appropriation, to a certain
amount, for the construction of public buildings,
and especially a custom-house, in the city of Cin-
cinnati; but it turns out, in the process of con-
struction of the building, that the appropriation
is not sufficient for its completion. The building
is now in an unfinished state, and the appropria-
tion asked for is such a one as those who are
acquainted with the subject believe will be only
sufficient to complete the building. If that be the
state of facts, I ask what is the ground of opposi-
tion to this appropriation ? Do you intend to leave
the building unfinished ? Do you intend to expend
$75,000 on those buildings, and then leave them in
the condition they are now in?
Mr. LETCHER. They are not begun.
Mr. SACKETT. An appropriation has been
made, and a site purchased, as 1 understand.
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. The work has com-
menced.
Mr. SACKETT. I am told that the work is
actually begun, so that it results in a question
whether we shall appropriate money enough to
complete the building we have already purchased
a site for, and begun upon the plan adopted by the
Government. The opposition is an opposition
to the completion of buildings that are in process
of construction. Shall we leave them in the con-
dition in which they now are, rather than go on
with the completion of them ? I see no propriety
in an opposition to an appropriation of this sort.
We should finish them as-they ought to be fin-
ished, or we had better have none at all. If this is
a proper sum to be appropriated—of that I know
nothing, and of that, those immediately interested
are belter qualified to j ud|& —if it is a proper sum,
I say it ought to be appropriated. If it is too much,
we ought to appropriate less. I hope the appropri-
ation asked for will be voted, as I hear no objection
to the amount named.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is upon the
proportion of the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. TAYLOR. I withdraw the amendment, if
there is no objection.
No objection was made, and the amendment
was withdrawn.
Mr. CLARK. I move to reduce the appro-
priation to $20,000. I feel it incumbent upon me,
in justification of the vote I havegiven.and which
1 may be called upon hereafter to give, to make a
few remarks upon this subject. l.t is probable
that when we go into the House, we may be called
upon to vote upon these amendments separately,
and it may be to record our names under a call for |
the yeas and nays. Were it not for that consid-
eration, I should not trouble the House now with ,
any remarks. |
Perhaps it may be supposed that a western man |
might be induced to go for improvements for west- 1
em appropriations without scrutinizing them very
closely; but in the discharge of a great public duty
here, I know no geographical distinction; I must j
vote upon appropriations which are designed for j
the West within the same limitation of reason
and conscience that I would for appropriations for
the East.
Well, sir, I have then this objection to the ap-
propriation which is now asked for. What evi-
dence have we that it is necessary? There is no
recommendation from the proper Department
touching these appropriations for the custom-
house at Cincinnati, or others for which they have
been asked. They are not recommended by the
committee which reported this bill, although the
subject has not escaped their attention, inasmuch
as they have asked for an appropriation for a cus-
tom-house in Louisiana. It might be supposed
that appropriations forother custom-houses might j
; be thought by some to be necessary, and the com- i
mittee would investigate the subject and ask for
appropriations for custom-houses located at other
points besides New Orleans. But they have made j
jio such request. Here is a large and important j
1 appropriation asked for, and I maintain that there
is no sufficient evidence upon the subject to war-
rant my affirmative response and action in refer-
! ence to it.
It is no small matter for a gentleman represent-
ing a district to get up and ask for an appropria-
tion measured by fifties and by hundreds of thou-
sands of dollars. I wish to know that 1 am acting
advisedly, and that I am acting properly in voting
for such disbursements of money before I can act.
Mr. DISNEY. The gentleman objects that
there is no sufficient testimony to show him that
this amount of money is needed. I ask the gen-
tleman if he is satisfied that there is testimony
here sufficient to satisfy him that the amount
asked for Louisville and St. Louis was needed ?
Mr. CLARK. I am not. If we had any evi-
dence that these appropriations were necessary,
no man here would vote for them more readily
than I would; but I want a proper basis of action;
I want to know that I am acting right,
j Mr. DISNEY. I will state one fact to the gen-
! tleman. I am advised that the Assistant Secretary
j has sent in a recommendation for this appropria-
| tion.
Mr. CLARK. Butit is not before us; we know
nothing about it. It has been stated, moreover—
I do not precisely know with what correctness—
that no appropriations were asked for these insti-
tutions, if 1 may call them such, that were not
asked for with the understanding that a given
amount should be sufficient to build them. My
impression is, that it was expressly stated when
the original appropriations were asked for the cus-
tom-houses named in the several amendments, that
those appropriations should be sufficient, and that
no more should be demanded. It has .become
nearly a settled policy, in asking appropriations
for a particular purpose, to ask for limited appro-
priations, for the mere purpose of committing the
Government to the project, which is little less than
fraud.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I must op-
i n0Se the amendment of the gentleman from Iowa
for two or three reasons. In the first place, on
account of the consistency of the House, and not
1 my own, [laughter;] and in the next place, on
i accountofprogress, which is the favonteidea now.
I I remember that when these custom-hpuse appro-
priations were first asked for, we were assured
: that the original amount would be all that would be
! required. I remember when all such appropria-
tions were asked for at the last Congress, that
every gentleman representing those districts, not
only assured the House, but they went further,
they pledged their honors that they would not ask
for any additional appropriations. But, sir, un-
fortunately the gentleman from Cincinnati is the
only one of those gentlemen who then represented
those districts now in this House. The rest have
gone.
Mr. DISNEY. I must correct the gentleman.
1 did not say then that 1 would not ask for any
more. After the House had voted the amend-
ment, some gentleman in my vicinity said, " Now,
I presume, next year you will ask for more?" I
told him that I would.
Mr. STEVENS. That was said in a low tone.
[Laughter.]
Mr. DISNEY. No, sir, in a very loud tone.
Mr. STEVENS. I remember perfectly those
assurances. Theothergentlemen who represented
those districts are not here. One was from Mis-
souri, but not the gentleman from St. Louis, [Mr.
Darby.] They have, therefore,no necessity to have
their honor vindicated; forother gentlemen have
asked for them. No, if we were to object to the
gentleman's appropriation, it would be a reproach
on his honor. Therefore, and to put him on the
ground of equality with the rest of us, I will go for
his appropriation. But I go for it because it is
progress. We began with a little, which we were
assured would be enough, and we have progressed
to more. We are doubling the original sum. I
have not the least doubt that at the next Congress
we will double this. For the sake of progress and
consistency, and the honor, therefore, of all alike—
and I hope the gentleman from Pittsburg [Mr.
Howe] will ask tor something, for if he does not
his honor is gone, [laughter]—I shall vote for all
now, though I have voted against all.
Tne question was taken, and the amendment of
Mr. Clark was disagreed to.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi. I move to amend
by adding, " and the further sum of $10,000 to
build a custom-house at Shieldsborough, in the
State of Mississippi."
Mr. STEVENS. Put it Pascagoula, and 1 will
vote for it. [Laughter.]
Mr. SWEETSER. I raise the point of order
tliat there is no existing law for the construction
of a custom-house at Shieldsborough.
Mr. BROWN. There is a custom-house there,
established by law, and if there is no sufficient
building, there ought to be one.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair knows of no
existing law, and therefore rules the amendment
to be out of order.
Mr. BROWN. Exactly; whenever anything
is moved for the benefit of my section, it is ruled
out on a point of order, or voted down by a ma-
jority. Gentlemen think it is our business to fill
the Treasury and theirs to empty it. Well, sir, I
will accommodate myself to the point of order,
and move to reduce the sum in the original amend-
ment to $5,000.
1 am opposed to this whole batch of custom-
houses on the western waters above New Orleans.
I will not vote a single dollar to any orte of them.
They are wholly useless for any national pur-
pose. As for the amount of the revenue collected
at St. Louis, Louisville, or Cincinnati, it amounts
to very little. The whole of it could be collected
and disposed of in a merchant's counting-room. I
do not question that there are merchants in either
city who transact an annual business amounting
to more than five times the revenue collected in all
of them together. There is not a dollar's worth
of foreign goods imported at Cincinnati, Louis-
ville, or St. Louis, that does not of necessity pass
by New Orleans. The goods are all entered there,
and for every useful or national purpose, the
duties may be better collected there than at any-
other point.
There is a custom-house at New Orleans, and
you have another in course of construction which
will cost you millions of dollars before it is com-
pleted. Let your duties be collected there, and
put into the sub-treasury, where it belongs, and
thereby save the cost of building and keeping up
these useless and extravagantly-expensive houses
two thousand miles up the river. This thing of
building palaces at Cincinnati, St. Louis, and
Louisville, is meant only to adorn those cities,
and not for any useful purpose connected with the
collection of the revenue, and 1 therefore denounce
