1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
693
A Member. What does the site cost?
Mr. CASKIE. It will cost about $61,000.
In ail elaborate report made by five commission-
ers appointed by the Secretary of the Treasury,
they unanimously recommend a certain lot, and
tiie Secretary has approved their recommendation.
Here, Mr. Chairman, I must be permitted to say—
and it must strike every member upon this floor
at once—that the high price to be paid for a site i
may well be a consequence of the fact that Rich- I
mond has been neglected in the matter of the j
structure now sought, until a time when property
has risen so high that it is impossible to obtain a
lot suitable for such a building as is contemplated,
for the sum which would have sufficed some years
ago. Moreover, the high price of real estate is an
indication of the growth and prosperity of the city,
and shows the necessity which exists for these ac-
commodations. Now, I trust I have not departed
at all from the declaration 1 made to the House
when I set out, viz: that I would do nothing but
state facts in the case, under the courtesy extended
to me by the gentleman from Indiana.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SKELTON. Will the gentleman inform
me how many clerks are employed at the custom-
house in Richmond?
Mr. CASKIE. I will answer the gentleman's
question. My recollection is that the custom-house
establishment at that point consists of a collector, j
and four subordinate officers. What their pre- ,
cise titles are I am not able now to state; but the i
gentleman can obtain full information in reference
to this matter by consulting the Blue Book. If the
gentleman would like to know what is theamount
of revenue collected at the port of Richmond, I
can give him that information. The last returns
1 have seen in our book of receipts and expendi-
tures, show the amount to be some $70,000. But
the building to be erected is not for custom-house
purposes alone. It is for the post office and Fed-
eral courts as well. I can also give the gentleman
the amount of post office revenue collected . at
Richmond, if he desires to have it.
.Mr. SKELTON. The gentleman's answer is
sufficient. We at the last session appropriated
#150,000 for the erection of a custom-house in
Richmond. Now, the gentleman informs me that
the employees of that custom-house are a collect-
or and four subordinate officers. Now, I submit
to this committee whether or not a building, suf-
ficient to accommodate one collector and four sub-
ordinates, could not be erected for $150,000? I
would like the gentleman from Virginia to tell me
why we should erect splendid palaces for the
purpose of accommodating one collector and four
subordinate officers? Is there any necessity for
he erection of such a building? 1 think, sir, the
ime has arrived—and the proposition of the gen-
tleman from Virginia presents a very good point
at which to begin—when we should have an eye
to the interests of the country, and its true inter-
ests; not wiih that spirit which was manifested by
the gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Walsh] a
few minutes ago, when he was upon the floor, tell-
ing us that we should not appear before the peo-
ple of the country -in an attitude of meanness.
Sir, I have no fear of being considered mean be-
cause I refuse to vote the money to erect splendid
palaces for a few clerks and employees of the Gov-
ernment. I wish to ask the gentleman from Ma-
ryland if it is a spirit of meanness to guard the
public Treasury? Or is it not rather a spirit of
meanness to voluntarily vote away unnecessarily
the funds of the country ? Sir, do the interests of
the country require that our inferior subordinate
officers, appointed by the Government; should be
lodged in splendid palaces? Does the interest of
the country demand this ? Where is the neces-
sity of expending $10,000,000 for the construction
of a custom-house in New Orleans?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MEACHAM. I move that the commit-
tee do now rise. We have been sitting here for
the last three hours, and have not moved a line in
the bill. I desire that we should go home, and
think of the subject.
The question now being upon the motion that
the committee rise—
Mr. EASTMAN called for tellers; but they
were not ordered.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is upon the
amendment offered by the gentleman from Indiana.
Mr. HENDRICKS. With the consent of the
House I will withdraw my amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I object to the
withdrawal of the amendment.
The question was then taken on the amendment,
and it was disagreed to.
Mr.GOODRICH. Iofferthefollowingamend-
ment to the amendment of the gentleman from
Virginia:
rfnd be it further enacted, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized and directed to
pay to such persons as have been, or are,employed as Um-
\ led States weighers, gangers, or measurers, out oi any money
' in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, such poition as
1 has not yet been paid, of the lees earnPd by them lor their
j services, according to the provisions of the act entitled " An I
'act to estahlish the compensations of the officers employed
\ ' in the collection of the duties on imports and tonnage, and
1 (for other puposes," approved the 2d of March, 171)9, and 1
the act entitled " An act to increase the compensation
4 now allowed by law to inspectors, measurers, weighers,
' ' and gaugers employed in the collection of the customs,"
approved the 26th day of April, 1816 : Provided, That be-
fore any such payment, it shall be established by a decision
of the Supreme Court of the United States, that United
States weighers, gaugers, and measurers have been, or
are, legally entitled to all the fees accruing to them, as
prescribed by the said acts of the 2d of March, 1799, and
the 26th of April, 1816; and it is hereby made competent
for any person who has been, or is, employed as United
States weigher,gauger, or measurer, to maintain any action
at law against any collector or other officer under whom he
has served, in order to bring the question before the Supreme
i Court of the United States.
Mr. BOCOCK. I rise to a question of order.
1 submit to the Chair that the amendment is not
relevant to the subject-matter under consideration.
The CHAIRMAN. TheChairrules the amend-
ment out of order.
Mr. GOODENOW. I propose to add to the
amendment of the gentleman from Virginia, the
words:
For the completion of the custom-house at Bangor, Maine,
1 twenty-five thousand dollars.
; The necessity for that appropriation was clearly
j set forth by my colleague [Mr. W ashbdrn] from
that district; and it seems to me that if the House
; is disposed to give credence to his statements, they
: will be as well satisfied that the appropriation is
!1 as necessary as any of the appropriations for the
I] custom-houses which have already been made. I
! am inclined to think, from the course which has
been pursued, that perhaps one reason why his
amendment was rejected, was his modesty in only
. asking for $15,000. The first amendment pro-
posed to this bill in reference to custom-houses,
! was proposed by my friend from Missouri, [Mr.
Darby.] His statement of his case convinced me
that it was right and proper that that appropria-
tion should be made. That amendment was fol-
lowed by other appropriations, which have been
passed by this committee upon the statement of
gentlemen that the appropriations were necessary
and proper. But I respectfully ask why the amend-
ment of my colleague should have been voted down,
and why this amendment which I have offered to
the amendment of the gentleman from Virginia,
should not be adopted? I undertake to say, that
the reasons assigned by my colleague, show that
there is as much ■ necessity for this-appropriation
of $25,000, in order to complete the custom-house
at Bangor, as there has been shown to exist for
an appropriation in any other place. 1 trust it is
not because the appropriation is small, that it has
i been voted down. I am not disposed to vote for
I any appropriation of this character, unless I am
j satisfied that it is necessary. I have no sectional
feeling, and I say, as has been said by other gen-
tlemen in different parts of the House, show me
that an appropriation is necessary in any part of
this country, and I will go for it. That is all I
ask. I care not whether it is for the North or
South, the East or the West. If it is necessary
to carry on the Government properly, and for the
accommodation of its many officers, I am in favor
of it. If that necessity is not shown, I am against
it.
Mr. HIBBARD. With the gentleman's per-
mission', I wish to ask him how much has been
appropriated to the custom-house at Bangor ?
Mr. GOODENOW Sixty-five thousand dol-
lars.
Mr. LETCHER. If $15,000 would complete
it half an hour ago, how does it happen that it
requires $25,000 now ?
Mr. GOODENOW. ;i supposed there were
some persons who voted against it because the
amount was too small, and therefore I increased
it to $25,000 to meet some of th« objections.
[Laughter.] I will, with the permission of the
committee, modify the amendment by substituting
$15,500 for $25,000.
Mr. HIBBARD, I hope that this amendment
will not be adopted; and I think I may say at the
outset that I cannot be accused of any sectional
feeling in this matter, fpr I have voted against alt
the amendments making new appropriations for
custom-houses that have been under consideration
to-day. So far as I remember, I voted againstthe
original establishment of all of them, for reasons
to which I will advert before I sit down.
I wish to call the attention of the committee, in
the first place, to the fact admitted by the gentle-
man from Maine, that there has already been ap-
propriated to this custom-house at Bangor $65,000
—$50,000 at one time, and $15,000 at another;
and, sir, I well remember, as one of the Commit-
tee on Ways and Means, that it was confidently
asserted, though I do not remember whether the
members' "honors" were pledged in terms—that
the first appropriation of $50,000 should cover the
whole expense of the construction of the custom-
house. Still this additional sum is asked. Sixty-
five thousand dollars have already been appro-
priated, $15,000 more is asked—in all $80,i)00.
Now, by referring to the tables of the receipts into
the Treasury from the different custom-houses in
the Union for the year ending the 31st of June,
1851? it appears that the receipts at Bangor are
$8,374 62. Now, sir, I dare say that is a fair
statement of the average receipts from customs at
Bangor; if not, the gentleman will correct me. To
collect this sum of $8,374 62, it is proposed to
expend the sum of $80,000 in the erection of a
custom-house!
Mr. GOODENOW. What are the receipts at
Richmond, Virginia?
Mr. HIBBARD. That is immaterial to this
question. If we have done any wrong in our ex-
penditures in Virginia, it is no reason for making
them in Maine, but it is a reason why we should
stop short and sin no more. Sir, this whole sys-
tem of establishing custom-houses and other Gov-
ernment works, where they are not actually
needed, as matters of favor to places where they
are situated, is wrong. We have gone far enough
in this kind of legislation. If we cannot recover
the steed that has been stolen, let us shut the
stable door. If one collector and four subordinates
were sufficient at Richmond, where they collect
$70,000 yearly—and it does not appear whether
they were all clerks, and one or more may have
been fire-tenders and door-keepers—less than that
number of officers must be sufficient to collect this
sum of $8,374 62 at Bangor. But I do not justify
the expenditure that has been made, and the
greater sum that is still asked for at Richmond.
With all respect for the Old Dominion, I do
not think it ought to have been authorized. I op-
posed the originat appropriation; I am against the
addition contemplated by the amendment of the
gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Caskie] now.
Now, sir, the whole system is wrong. We
multiply without end needless custom-houses, ma-
rine hospitals, and navy-yard establishments, at
places where there is no real or substantial occa-
sion for them. I care not whether they are asked
for in Maine or New Hampshire, Virginia or Mis-
souri, I am against them all. We have no right
to lavish the funds of the nation in benefactions
to localities for local purposes. Some gentlemen
talk about generous legislation, applaud liberality,
and denounce what they call meanness, by which,
I suppose, they mean to deride economy. Others
say, bejust before you are generous. I say, be
just always in appropriating money from the
Treasury—generous never. I have no desire for
the reputation of liberality in the use of other peo-
ple's money. We should remember that we are
trustees, not owners of the public funds, and have
no business to devote them to other than the na-
tion's uses. Generosity, Mr. Chairman, is a com-
mendable virtue; I admire the quality in its proper
i place; but let it be out of our own pockets, and
not out of the Treasury of the country. We
have been in the wrong; we have gone too far in
this system. We ought never to have begun it.
Let us stop where we are. I am opposed to this
amendment, and all others like it. I hope the
committee and the.House will vote down these
and all of a similar character that have been or
i may be offered.
