696
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 19,
ment, with funds from the public Treasury, to
construct a railroad within the limits of a State.
Mr. DOUGLAS. That is the very point which
I understand it is agreed shall be obviated,for the
reason that it is objectionable.
Mr. TOUCEY. I understand otherwise from
the chairman of the committee.
Mr. DOUGLAS. It has been doubtful whether
that point now exists in the bill; and in order to |
obviate the objection entirely, I understood an
amendment was to be offered with the sanction of
the committee.
Mr. TOUCEY. I am somewhat embarrassed,
receiving one statement on that point from the
chairman of the committee which reported the bill,
and quite another from the distinguished Senator J
from Illinois. j
Mr. DOUGLAS. I do notintend to speak by |
authority. . !
Mr. TOUCEY. 1 do not intend to engage in
unprofitable debate. It has not been my custom
to do so. If 1 have erred, it has been on the other
side, and in failing to perform my whole duty in
that respect.
Several Senators. Debate the bill as it stands.
Mr. TOUCEY. I take the bill as it stands. I
know there are Senators on the other side of the
Chamber who advocate the bill in its present form,
and 1 shall very briefly consider it as it is.
Now, Mr. President, the bill assumes upon its
face that Congress has no power to construct this
road within the States unless with their assent;
and it assumes, therefore, as a principle, that the
assent of a State will confer upon Congress a
power which the Constitution has not conferred
upon it. I advanced yesterday the proposition of
the total incapacity of any State Legislature to di-
vest itself of its legislative powers, and grant them
to Congress, and an equal incapacity on the part
of Congress to exercise any legislative power by
a grant from a State, even if it had the power to
make the grant. There is an incapacity to grant
on the one side, and an incapacity to receive or to
exercise on the other. But I shall not repeat what
I said yesterday. I will go a step further.
This bill contains the unconstitutional assump-
tion that, with the assent of a State, the people of
the whole Union may be taxed for the construc-
tion of a road within the State thjis benefited, by
granting that assent. It proposes to construct a
railroad in the State of California, with its consent,
and to do it by money from the public Treasury;
and if it can do it by. money from the public
Treasury, th!lt money must be levied by taxes
upon the people of the whole Union. The prin-
ciple, therefore, involved in this bill is no other
than this: Whether Congress can tax the people
of the United S ates to raise money to construct a I
road within the limits of a State, provided that ]
State will consent to receive the benefit. Now, 1
sir, that feature of this bill is the most extraordi-
nary of any that I have ever known or heard of. 1
A law proposing to give the President of the Uni-
ted States the power to go into a sovereign State
and remove an alien resident there at his pleasure
is, compared with this, a very mild measure. A
proposition to assume jurisdiction over the press j
in the several States, and subject it to criminal
prosecution for publications against the officers of
the Government, would be a very moderate un- '
constitutional law, compared with the proposition
now under discussion.
The proposition to establish a bank of the Uni- j
ted Slates, and to transfer to it the contents of the !
public Treasury for bankers to trade upon, would \
be a very moderate violation of the Constitution
compared with this; because, by this bill you go
into a State and take jurisdiction there; you take 1
possession of the soil of the State, and you un-
dertake to control and to manage the road within
its limits. You assert a power existing in this
Government by the mere assent of aState,to levy
a tax upon the people of the United States to de-
fray the expenses of the construction and main-
tenance of that road. If you can do it in regard
to one road, you can do it in regard to every other
road in the country. And this is to depend upon
the assent of a State! That is to say, one State
by consenting to it, if Congress also consents,
can have its road built hy a tax upon the people
of the whole Union. If one State can do it, an-
other can do it. When the people of the Union
find themselves taxed to build a road in Califor-
nia, or in Louisiana, if they find that such is the
policy of the Government, will other States hesi-
tate to adopt the same measure ? Sir, there are
too many States which would consent to take
money from the public Treasury to construct
their own roads without looking to the ultimate
consequences. It would not, perhaps, generally
+>e difficult to obtain the assent of a State, because
by giving its assent it would derive great apparent
benefit from the public Treasury at the expense
of the other States. And thus, by the promise of
immediate advantage on the one side by the pres-
sure of taxation on the other, every State in the
Union might be strongly tempted to augment by
legislative grant the powers of the Federal Gov- :
ernrnent.
Why, sir, a more extraordinary perversion,
a broader, a looser, a more latitudinarian, and a
more dangerous construction of the Constitution
than that which is involved in this bill, I cannot
well imagine. With this power, what would be
the condition of this Government? Instead of
being a Government of uniform powers pervading
the whole Union, they would vary in every State.
In one State they might extend to roads; in another
State to all internal improvements; in another to a
Federal bank. You would have the powers of
this Government as various as the States them-
selves, and different at different times in each, as
its interests or its caprice might dictate.
I say that this bill assumes as a principle, the
power in the States to authorize Congress to ex-
ercise powers which do not belong to Congress
independently of the assent of the States. It is to
this principle of the bill that I most strenuously
object. If that, and the other objectionable prop-
osition creating a corporation, can be removed
from this bill, the general measure will meet my
most hearty support; because, as I said yesterday,
I am in favor of the general measure of exerting
the powers of this Government according to the
settled practice of the Government to construct a
railroad through the Territories. I find power to
do it in that clause of the Constitution which gives
Congress power to dispose of, and make all need-
ful rules and regulations concerning, the territory
or other property of the United States.
Now, for the bona fide purpose of improving
the public domain, lam entirely in favor of making
a proper grant. Where that is the legitimate pur-
pose, I think this Government has power to do
it. But when you come to th? States, the ques-
tion is a very different one with regard to the con-
struction of a road within their limits. There is
no necessity for such a provision in this.bill. I
am willing there to grant alternate sections, upon
the same principle of improving the public do-
main . But there is no necessity for the provisions
of this bill in regard to the construction of the
road through the States. ■ The Legislatures of the
States have power to incorporate companies; they
have power to build roads; they have power to
receive from Congress a grant of alternate sec-
tions of land, for the purpose of constructing this
road within their limits; but this Government has
no such power to construct it, because it would be
a direct interference with State sovereignty. And
that objection is not removed, by theassent of the
State to-day, even ifit could be binding for all time
to come. Nor is the provision necessary in another
view; because, if this road is to be built from the
western border of the Mississippi States, to the east-
ern border ofCalifornia,the remaining sections will
take care of themselves, as the investment would
be profitable. The difficulty is in constructing a
road through the Territories; and when that shall
be constructed by a grant of public lands, or in any
other constitutional way, thegreat object is accom-
plished. But I am not willing to accomplish an
object of this kind, or of any other kind, by tram-
pling under foot the plain provisions of the Consti-
tution, or by adopting a loose construction which
would, in my judgment, be fatal to its perma-
nence. j
There is a provision in the bill creating a cor- '
pnrstion. I know that it is advocated on the other |
side of the Chamber, but I trust that those who |
are accustomed to act with Senators on this side, !
will be ready promptly to abandon the clause for !
the creation of a corporation to construct a rail-
. road from any point on the Mississippi to any I
point on the Pacific coast, through the instrument-
ality of a corporation of this description. That
proposition is one which I trust will not receive j"
I the sanction or support of any of those who are 'i
accustomed to act with this side of the Chamber.
What is this corporation? Sir, it is one with
almost unlimited powers. It is authorized by the
bill to issue stock to an unlimited extent. It has
power to hold estate, real and personal, to any
extent; and if this bill should go into operation
and the road be constructed, the amount of its
effects would be hundreds of millions, and its in-
come would be millions of dollars. It has the
power to create directors and officers of the cor-
poration to an unlimited extent. It has the power
to issue promissory notes ip payment of its own
debts, to an unlimited extent. It has power to
draw bills from the Pacific coast on New York,
and from the Atlantic coast on San Francisco, to
an unlimited extent, and these notes and bills, by
the law-merchant, are negotiable. With a road
extending from the Mississippi to the Pacific,
there would be no power in this Government to
prevent these notes and bills passing by delivery
from hand to hand; and although you introduce
into the section a clause that it is not intended to
grant banking powers, this Government cannot
pass a law which, within the States, would prevent
the delivery of these bills from hand to hand, in
payment of debts, or for purposes of commerce.
The principal object of this corporation is the
transportation of passengers and merchandise from
one side of the continent to the other for a com-
pensation, and that compensation constitutes the
income of this great company. It is true, that the
troops of the United States may pass upon this
road, according to the provisions of this bill; and
so may the military stores, and the public mails
of the United States; but there is no compensation
to be paid for that. The whole income of this
road, or of the company who construct it, will
arise from the transportation of persons and prop-
erty upon it, which is strictly a commercial busi-
ness.
How long will this corporation continue to ex-
ist? There is a provision in this bill, that after
the expiration of thirty years, Congress may re-
sume the grant upon certain terms. That is a
contract between the corporation and the Govern-
ment. Although there has been inserted a clause
giving Congress power over that charter, that
clause would not and could not operate to rescind
this express contract contained upon the face of
the bill; namely, that after the expiration of thirty
years, Congress may resume the grant upon ma-
king certain payments. So that unless forfeited,
upon the face of this bill, by express provisions
embodied in the form of a contract, this corpora-
tion must exist for at least a period of thirty years,
and until Congress shall refund to the corporators
their expenditures on the road, with ten per cent,
interest per annum, deducting the bonds and the
proceeds of the public lands thus granted to them.
It would be claimed by the corporation, that the
only deduction to be made, was that expressly
provided for; so that at the end of thirty years,
the whole outlay, with that deduction, and the
addition of ten per cent, per annum, would be
paid; running until theperiod when you refund to
them the amount. Why, sir, at the end of thirty
years, it would swell up to hundreds of millions
of dollars; and at the end of forty, or fifty, or sixty
years, it would go on still increasing, until ulti-
mately it would reach the amount perhaps of the
national debt of Great Britain.
When would Congress interfere to pay the
amount of money due by the charter, and thus
break up this corporation ? Never. But suppose
it should be done, what would be the condition of
Congress ? Here would be a road across the con-
tinent with an immense commercial business, and
animmenseincome. Suppose that this road should
be resumed by Congress, could Congress carry it
on ? Could the business of the transportation of
passengers and property be engaged in by this
Government? And if not, what is to be done
with the road? Sir, I say it is impracticable for
Congress to resume this grant and carry on the
business of this road. This Government never
could enter into a commercial business of this
kind—the transportation of goods and of passen-
gers, and receiving compensation for it, having its
agents carry on that business, stretching from one
side of the continent to the other. Thus it will be
seen, that it would be impracticable to break up
this corporation, unless in one event, and that
would be if it should prove disastrous; and then
Congress would find itself in the same condition
