1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
701
self were passing up the Hudson river, and every
few miles on the way I saw a light-house. I think
I saw light-houses all the way up to Albany, occa-
sionally.
Mr. SEWARD. It is a hundred and fifty miles
from New York to Albany.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. The Senator from New
York says the distance is one hundred and fifty
miles; will he tell me how many light-houses there
are in that distance?
Mr. SEWARD. There are five. [Laughter.]
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I saw a great many
more, according to my recollection. I paid some
attention, and thought about it at the time, I know.
Mr. SEWARD. They are double reflectors.
[Laughter*]
Mr. UNDERWOOD. The gentleman says they
are double reflectors, and if so, I should suppose a
fewer number might answer the purpose of indu-
fcing us to reflect twice upon what I am about to
state. I saw some other thingsas I passed up the
river. I saw buoys to point out the channel. I
saw these internal improvements made by Con-
gress, with national funds, in the State, without
the consent of the State, and without ever having
asked its consent. That is the idea which I
wish to bring to your mind. When and how
did the idea originate, that Congress might erect
light-houses and plant buoys without the consent
of a State? It originated with the birth of the
General Government, and it has been put in prac-
tice from that day to this. The idea sprung from
the Constitution, correctly interpreted by its ma-
kers and the founders of the Government. The
idea suited and promoted salt-water regions and
snlt water interests. Then we had no interior.
The State which I now represent had nothing in
it at that time but a few stockade forts and settle-
ments of white men, and multitudes of yelling
savages and wild beasts. Kentucky was the first
of the great interior western States settled by white
men. At that early period, a construction of the
Constitution obtained in respect to internal im-
provements upon tide-water, which sanctioned the
application of national funds to the erection of
lighi-houses and planting buoys in aid of com-
merce. For these and similar objects on the sea-
board, millions after millions have been appropri-
ated from the beginning down to the present time.
Millions have been spent for sea-walls and break-
waters, and to make or improve harbors. At
length the fertile and great interior had opened her
dense forests, and her agriculture sought means to
reach foreign markets with her rich products. The
great interior then wanted internal improvements
of the same kind to benefit her commerce. But
when she applied to the General Government for
them, she was met by a new generation of politi-
cians—not statesmen—with the objection: "There
is no constitutional power to gratify your wishes."
To protect and aid commerce, is the foundation on
which the doctrine and practice originally stood.
Now, I appeal to the common sense of mankind
and ask, if our ancestors had constitutional power
sixty years ago to aid commerce, by building
light-houses and planting buoys along the sea-
board, may not their posterity aid commerce by
building a railroad from the sea board into the in-
terior, without violating the Constitution ? Is it
unconstitutional for Congress to improve the great
rivers of the West?
Mr. SEWARD. You have fresh water there?
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Yes, sir, it is fresh, and
not sluggish and putrid. And when I navigate
the great streams of the West, I contrast what is
done for the people of the West upon those streams,
with the light-houses and buoys, harbors and
breakwaters, which you people of the East induce
Congress to build out of the public Treasury, for
the benefit of your trade and navigation. The
contrast rather indicates that you care not if our
steamboats do go to the bottom, provided your
ships float. We may sink, provided you swim,
and there is no cause for complaint. Sir, I some-
times fear that there is notthatdeep sympathy for
the interests of all parts of the country which
ought to prevail in every section, and which gen-
uine patriotism would cordially yield. Sir, " there
is a good time coming."
Mr. HALE. On the fourth of March next.
[Laugh ter.l
Mr. UNDERWOOD. When the robes of
office will fall from your shoulders and mine, and
we shall retire to the tranquil enjoyments of pri-
1 vate life. But I did not mean that; it will be some
two or three censuses hence, before that " good
time" will come which I anticipate. Perhaps I
shall not see it; but I have some little fellows at
home who will. 1 shall endeavor to give them
some useful lessons, and prepare them for proper
action when it arrives. " There is a good time
coming," when the interior States will teach the
sea-board that we have something more than a salt-
water Constitution.
Mr. HALE. You will be in the Atlantic States
, then.
| Mr. UNDERWOOD. Place us where you
please. We will then have the power to get equal
rights, and I trust we shall have the courage to
demand them upon the principles of strict justice
and lofty patriotism.
Now, sir, what do we ask in this bill? I have
demonstrated, I think, that there is nothing un-
constitutional in it. We have the right to make
the road and telegraph, without the consent of the
States, but we show them the utmost deference,
and treat them with the greatest courtesy. We
say to them, if you object, we will not interfere
with your territory. Is there anything improper
in that? It is the very essence of courtesy; such
as should characterize the intercourse of gentle-
men, and which cannot be improper when applied
to political intercourse between States. A gentle-
man 's tract of land is so situated that I wish a
road through it; and I may even have a right to
enforce my claim to a road. It is much better that
I should come and say to him respectfully, I re-
quest that you will allow me the privilege of a
road through your land. Such an appeal wakes
up all his kind feelings. He sees at once that I
respect him, and that 1 am unwilling to do any-
thing which may wound him. He knows that I
think I have a right to demand a way over his
land, but he sees, out of respect to him, 1 prefer
accepting as a favor what I might enforce by law
as a right. Under such circumstances, he loves
me as a neighbor, and cheerfully acquiesces in my
wish and plan. We both act upon the golden
rule of doing as we would be done by; peace and
satisfaction are the result.
Now, sir, we carry out (hese principles by this
bill. We say to a company, you may build the
road, provided you obtain the assent of the States.
Will the States refuse their assent? No, sir; on
the contrary, they will freely give it, because the
power we propose to exercise, and the work we
propose to accomplish, will produce nothing but
; good, and that continually. Fverybody wants
I the road, and is anxious to get it. Why, then,
make objection ? It is urged, that we are about to
build up a corporation that will be so wealthy
and powerful that it will not only rule us, but
almost govern the world. Are we so weak and cor-
rupt that we cannot resist the temptations which
wealth and power may offer? This argument,
addressed to our fears, based upon hugaan corrup-
tibility and destitution of intelligence, would close
all the avenues to wealth and improvement, wheth-
er through corporations or otherwise, because of
the possibility of future abuses and corruptions.
Mr. HALE. That is a very sensible idea.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. The gentleman says
that is a very sensible idea. Perhaps I have no
right to gainsay the doctrine of the total depravity
of human nature. I do not want to enter into
anything like a theological controversy on the
subject; but if it be true that the world cannot
be governed by principles of virtue and intelli-
gence, owing to man's corruptibility, the sooner
it is known the better. Unless virtue and intelli-
gence prevail among the people and their legisla-
tors, this Government will be destroyed. Its de-
struction cannot be hastened by a corporation such
as is proposed in this bill. If the Government is
to go down, it is of little consequence when it
sinks. In that event we must endeavor upon its
ruins to make a wiser and better system. But I
have no faith in these prophecies; I have no con-
fidence at all that those who make them are in-
spired by that spirit which comes from above. I
have heard of some corporations besides those
chartered for road building. I have heard of the
South Sea bubble in England, and the Mississippi
scheme in France; these-tumbled to pieces, and
I do not know but that England and France
were as wisely and as well governed afterwards
as before. I admit that the East India Company
seems to hold its own pretty well, and exercises
great influence inhuman affairs. But when you
recur to the history of the past, with regard to
companies invested with great power, they have
not been able to govern the world. The war
against the Bank of the United States proved suc-
cessful, and there is encouragement for the Dem-
ocrats to hope that a war against the corporation
created by this bill will also be successful, in case
it should abuse its privileges and powers. The
bill contains a provision which allows the Gov-
ernment, whenever the company becomes danger-
ous, to take the work off their hands. W'hat
danger can there be, then, when the bill contains a
porvision of that sort? None whatever.
Mr. President, I have thought these remarks
would not be misplaced; and not wishing to detain
the Senate, and desiring that a vote may betaken,
I intend to take my seat after saying that I hope
the friends of the bill will offer no more amend-
ments. If we strike out the provision with regard
to a corporation, the bill will not be worth a pic-
ayune. I hope that provision will be retainea.
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. President, the resolu-
tions submitted by the Senator from Michigan on
the subject of European colonization on the Amer-
ican continent, and respecting Cuba .were made
the special order for this day, and upon them I
am entitled to the floor. I desire to make a few
remarks upon the questions which those resolu-
tions present, but I am laboring under a hoarse-
ness which makes it inconvenient for me to ad-
dress the Senate to-day. I will therefore not claim
the floor before Monday.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, I have been
so much engaged in other matters, that I have not
been able to bestow as much attention on this bill
as it deserves. I have not done it, because I have
been engrossed by subjects which belong to the
committee of which I am a member. I did not
suppose, until yesterday, that the friends of the
bill expected to push this measure to a vote. I
imagined that they would have been willing to
present their scheme, and to give their views to
the country, and to await public sentiment until
the next session of Congress. I perceived, how-
ever, yesterday, that they were determined to have
a vote on the question; and as I regard it as a most
important measure—as one of the most moment-
ous questions of domestic policy which could be
presented—I took up the bill last night for the first
time, and gave it an attemiveand serious examin-
ation. And, sir, I must say, with all respect to
the distinguished committee which reported it, that
it seemed to me to be one of the most extraordi-
nary bills which I have ever known to emanate
from a committee of this body.
First in the order of analysis, let me examine
the power which it proposes to vest in the Presi-
dent. It provides, with regard to this railroad—
which the friends of the bill affirm is to determine
the commerce of the world, and upon which they
say there is such a difference of sectional interest
as must occasion bitter disputes—that the Presi-
dent shall exercise a power which more legitimate! y
belongs to Congress, the determining of the route
of the road and its respective termini Not only
does it provide that, but it is so indefinite as not
even to define distinctly the geographical regions
which are to limit and determine his discretion in
making out its boundaries somewhere between the
valley of the Mississippi and the Pacific ocean.
What is meant by the valley of the Mississippi ?
May the President go as far eastward for the ter-
minus as waters can be found which flow into the
Mississippi, or is he to be limited by the river
itself. The President is allowed to use all the
troops and officers he may think necessary to
execute the survey, and whilst the work is under
process of construction, he may send forth such
a military expedition as he may think necessary
or proper to guard it. There is no limit whatever
imposed upon the military expeditions he may
organize, or upon the number of troops wiiich he
may send out. Yes, sir, there is one limit—as if
by way of showing that the committee thought
Congress had a power to impose some limit—the
bill declares that he shall not appoint more than
ten civil engineers;and thus, whileit bestows upon
him unlimited discretion in everything else, it
guards an immaterial point in relation to the civil
engineers.
The bill provides that the President of the United
States, as was said by the Senator from Indiana,
[Mr. Bright,] shall be in fact the president of
