THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
32d Congress, 2d Session.
SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 19, 1853.
New Series....No. 45.
true reading, in relation to the power under consideration; |
thus giving an admonitory proof of*the force of implication,
and the necessity of guarding the Constitution with sleep-
less vigilance against the authority of precedent which have
not the sanction of its most plainly-defined powers. For,
although it is the duty of all to look to that sacred instru-
meut, instead of the statute-book ; to repudiate at all times
encroachments upon its spirit, which are too apt to be ef-
fected by the conjuncture of peculiar and facilitating cir-
cumstances; it is not less true, that the public good and the
nature of our political institutions require that individual
differences should yield to a well-settled acquaintance of
the people and confederated authorities, in particular con-
structions of the Constitution on doubtful points. Not to
concede this much to the spirit of our institutions, would
impair their stability, and defeat the objects of the Consti-
tution itself.''
It will be perceived from this extract that Mr.
Madison distinctly denied the right of thjs Gov-
ernment to derive power by the assent of any
State, and he said, as I was just remarking, that
all the instances in which this Government may
derive power by the assent of the States, are those
enumerated in the Constitution itself. It will be
seen, too, that General Jackson concurred in that
opinion, and that Mr. Madison and Mr. Monroe,
when they carried this doctrine of internal im-
provement to the extreme limits of what they con-
ceived to be proper, went only to this extent:
that you might, under the power of appropriating
money, appropriate it for an object for the general
welfare, if it was one of national and general in-
terest, but that you could not go further; that Con-
gress could not assume jurisdistion over the road,
or over the commerce upon it, as that whole mat-
ter was left to the States.* Their doctrine was,
that Congress, under the appropriating power,
might vote money for the purpose of aiding in the
construction of a road, the jurisdiction remaining
not in them, but in the States which permitted it;
and General jackson said that it may be doubtful
whether precedents had not established it so far,
bat at the same time he expressed his regret, in that
memorable passage in which he says that these
things show the danger of ever departing from a
strict reading of the Constitution.
Such, then, were the opinions of Madison, Mon-
roe, and perhaps of Jackson, upon this subject.
Jefferson was known to have .entertained stricter
▼iews in regard to these questions. I know that the
case of the Cumberland road has always been cited
as an exception, and it was an exception. It was
a road for military purposes. It was a road de-
signed for other things than commerce. And
when it was manifest that it was no longer neces-
sary for military purposes, and when Congress
attempted to claim just such jurisdiction as this j
bill proposes to wrest from the States, we find
that Mr. Monroe interposed his veto. He arrested
the passage of that bill for some of the very rea-
sons which we urge against this. But, Mr. Pres-
ident, the power of the Federal Government over
internal improvements was not the subject which
I proposed to argue. I have not time now, nor do
I mean to go into it. I merely referred to the
general doctrines incidentally, because in showing
* Mr. Monroe says, in his special message on internal im- |
provement*, sent in on May 4th, 1822: "The right of appro- I
priation is nothing more than a right to apply the public j
money to this or that purpose. It has no incidental power, !
nor does it draw after it any consequences of that kind. All
that Congress could do under it in the case of internal im-
provements would be to appropriate the money necessary
to make them. For every act requiring legislative sanction 1
or support the State authority must be relied on. The con-
demnation of the land, if the proprietors should refuse to ■
■ell it; the establishment of turnpikes and tolls, and the
protection of the work when finished, must be done by the
State. To these purposes the powers of the General Gov-
ernment are believed to be utterly incompetent." This |
power he declares in the same message to be limited in its
application to works of general interest or a national char-
acter. And in the same document he argues at great length
to show that Congress have no specific power to construct
roada and canals under the following sources : " 1. The
right to establish post offices and post roads. 2. To declare
war. 3. To regulate commerce among the several States.
4. From the power to pay the debts and provide for the
common defense and general welfare of the United States.
5. From the power to make all laws necessary and proper
for carrying into execution all the powers vested by the
Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in
any Department or office thereof. 6, and lastly. From the
power to dispoM of, and make all needful rules and regula-
tion! respecting, the territory or other property of the United
9fetet."
45
the authorities in regard to the position I had taken
as to what could be done by the assent of the
States in giving power to the General Government,
I found authority upon the general subject also, and
I was tempted for a moment to enter into it. But
I shall proceed no further in that inquiry, how-
ever inviting it may be, nor shall I pause to say
how far I myself concur in the views of those
eminent statesmen. My purpose is to analyze this
bill, and to show what it is that the committee has
given us; what it is that gentlemen have been
censured as narrow-minded and exclusive for not
supporting with all their might, and with all im-
aginable zeal; what it is for our opposition to
which we have been threatened by the Senator
from Kentucky with what the West is to do
when it grows up into strength and importance.
That West will, I hope, grow up into still greater
strength and importance than now, and when it
has done so, I am not afraid that any fair-minded
or true son of the West will reproach me or my
friends for having voted against this bill, and en-
deavored to preserve intact the Constitution for
their future use and government. Let us see, then,
what it is that the bill proposes to do in regard to
the corporation. It proposes in the second sec-
tion:
" That a right of way not exceeding three h undred feet in
width, be, and the same is hereby, granted along the entire
length of the proposed railroad and telegraphic line, through
the public lands in the United States, to be held and set
apart for the uses and purposes of the said road and tele-
graphic line forever; and that all stone, timber, and other
materials of whatsoever character and description on the
public lands, in the vicinity of said road and line, be, and
the same are hereby, made subject to the uses and purposes
of said road and line, as well in the construction thereof
as in supplying the same with necessary furniture and ma-
chinery."
They are entitled to the timber, to the coal, and
to the stone, and to all the materials which may
be found on the public lands adjacent to the road,
which may be necessary either for the construc-
tion or the working of the road ad infinitum.
There is no limit to their charter, no period to the
duration of the company. They may work a
coal or an iron mine if they discover one for the
[; purpose of providing materials and means for run-
ning the road. What else do they propose? To
give the corporation alternate sections for six Jniles
in width on each side of the road so far as it passes
: through States, and twelve miles wide within-the
Territories. If there are no such lands adjacent
' to the road, they may go to the nearest point where
the United States have lands, and take them. It
; proposes to give them that amount of land, and in
addition $20,000,000. No exception is made of
mineral lands; and the corporation may run
through the mineral region of California, and
claim whatever rights the United States have to
those lands, and hold them. Not only are they
to have these, but they are to have the road itself,
and they are allowed to issue stock to make that
road. Suppose that instead of selling the land
they hold it, or at least a large part of it, and issue
stoclc upon the faith of their property: if the for-
feiture should be exacted, the Government can
[ only take the railroad from them. It cannot take
the lands which have been appreciated in value by
the construction of the railroad—the mineral lands
which may fall to them might be quite valuable
enough to induce them to reserve them.
In such a case, there is no clause of forfeiture
in this bill which could reach their lands. Nor is ,
there any limit as to the amount of lands which
the corporation may hold, or the time for which
they may possess them. They may use the
lands for mining purposes, or for any purpose that
they choose. I know that there is a provision
that after thirty years, the United States may take
the road upon certain terms. That is to say, "upon
' the payment to the said company of the cost of
' the construction of the same, allowing ten per j
' cent, profit upon their inve'stments, deducting ,
' from the whole cost of said road the amount of
' the bonds paid to the said company, atid the pro-
'ceeds of the lands granted to them." Now, if
the lands were mostly reserved, and the road made
by the issue of stock, nothing would be deducted
but the money advanced in the shape of United
States stock, and that received from the actual
sale of lands. For the United States then to ob-
I tain the road, it must give the greater part of the
sum invested in the road in the shape of principal,
j and three times that amount for interest; so that,
if the road should cost one hundred or one hundred
and fifty millions of their own money, the United
States must pay four times that amount to obtain
possesssion of it, leaving to the company all the
lands which they may hold, and all the profits
upon the use of the road for thirty years, which
the friends of this measure maintain will be so
large. Upon these terms, it is manifest that the
United States would never take upon themselves
the burden of the purchase of the road. The
United States Treasury would not bear such a
charge, and the people would never be willing to
a measure which heaped such inordinate profits
upon the corporators.
Mr. RUSK. If the Senator will read the bill he
will see that it is ten per cent., not on the stock,
but on the actual investment of these individuals.
Mr. HUNTER. I have read the bill, and I
think if the gentleman will read it over again 
Mr. RUSK. 1 take occasion heie to say that
I wrote the bill; that I read it over and over again,
: and I stand upon every line of it.
j Mr. HUNTER. Very well, sir; let us see
| what it is. I come then to that provision, which
1 is as follows:
" And Congress may at ail times regulate the tolls to be
charged upon passengers and freights, so as, with nn eco-
nomical management of said road, not to reduce the profits
of said company below eight per cent, upon the investment,
deducting therefrom the advances made by the Government
towards the construction of the same."
In order to do that, Congress has to take the initia-
tive; Congress has to make itself acquainted with
the receipts and expenditures of the corporation;
Congress has to determine what is the amount
which, by this clause, it is to allow to thecompany,
and to make out a clear case against it under the
contiguous grants of this bill. In the first place,
what are " the advances" to be deducted, so as to
ascertain the residue upon which they are to have
a clear profit of eight per cent.? Are they to be
j reckoned by the amount of money advanced in
■ stock, and that derived from the actual sale of
lands? If so, they will not only derive eight per
cent, profit upon their own money for the road,
but they will enjoy these unsold lands without
making a corresponding reduction from their in-
vestments. It must be so. If these lands are
unsold, how are you to estimate them so as to
make the deduction ? Will you value them at the
time of the passage of the bill, or value them after
they shall have been appreciated by the construc-
tion of the road? Sir, it is impossible. There is
but one sensible construction to be put upon it,
i and that is to deduct from it the advances in
money.
Under this charter thecompany will have every
] temptation of interest to hold on to their lands,
and they will do it as far as they can. Eight per
cent, upon their investment! Now, will you
I measure this investment by the stock which thev
issue or the money that they obtain for it? With
the means which such a company would have of
concealing their operations and mystifying Con-
gress; with the immense influence which it would
i wield over the country and the Government, it is
idle to expect that anything could be done towards
J reducing their profits if they opposed it. And
what sort of reduction would it be? Eight per
' cent, clear profit, and that forever—this charter
; being perpetual—is vastly more than was ever
i granted to a corporation before. What is the
I United States to nave in exchange for these vast
1 privileges and immense grants of money and land ?
Nothing but the transportation of the mails and
of troops, and even in that case the President is
allowed to pay the company in time of war for
extraordinary transportation, and if he does not,
Congress must determine it.
So that, in point of fact, this corporation is one
whose parallel is not to be found in the annals of
civilized legislation. In the first placa it is perpet-
