1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
705
it to be supposed that through such a country as
that between the Mississippi and the Pacific, we
can construct a road at a more rapid rate? Two
thousand miles in five years, four hundred miles
a year, at an expense it may be of $100,000, or
even $70,000 a mile! Why, that would be twen-
ty-eight or forty millions a year! Could we ex-
pend that much money for such a purpose in a
year? Could we raise it? Could we find the
labor and the men, and the means for executing
it? Sir, the thing is impossible. If we accom-
plish a hundred miles a year—if we accomplish
the work in twenty years, it would straiten
our Treasury, it would strain every nerve to do
it, and by that time, and long before it, California
and Oregon will be so filled up as to put at naught
any threat of invasion by any Power which is
strong enough to injure us. Before that railroad
is finished, there will be people enough on the
Pacific side to defend themselves against any
threat of invasion. In ten years, ay, sir, in five
years, it will be as absurd on the part of any
foreign Power, which has strength enough to in-
jure them, to talk of invading them, as it would
oe to invade us on this side of the Mississippi.
So far as military purposes are concerned, the
road, in my opinion, is not necessary. It might
be convenient, but nothing more. Why, before
it could be accomplished, there would be people
enough, and means enough,and wealth enough on
that side of our Union to defend it against any as-
sault which might be threatened. If we make
this road, I venture to predict, so far as military
purposes are concerned, we shall have much more
trouble in defending it Aan in defending Califor-
nia. We should have to employ troops and
money, and to use much exertion to defend that
road, I have no doubt, from the marauding tribes
that roam upon the wastes through which it will
pass. We should add to our duties of defense
by constructing it thus prematurely, instead of di-
minishing them, and I believe that in doing that,
we should accomplish really no useful purpose for
California, because we should fail if we were to
attempt it before the wants of trade required it.
Under these circumstances, then, can it be ex-
pected that we should be willing, in order to exe-
cute this work, to vest such powers in the Presi-
dent of the United States; that we should be willing
thus to afford the temptation and the means for the
transfer of such powers from the State Govern-
ments to the General Government; and above all,
that we should be willing to establish a corporation
with such tremendous powers as this bill proposes
to give ? For one, I never can consent to it; and
the only regret I feel in voting against it, is because
I know I am disappointing gentlemen who take so
deep and so patriotic an interest in it. My con-
solation is, however, that I believe I am serving
them and their own States better by voting against
this bill, than 1 should if I were to aid them in
commencing this work prematurely and at such
immense hazards to the cause of constitutional
Government.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. President, I promise my
friends on the other side that I am not going to
speak with a view of defeating this bill by the
lapse of time. I have, however, a few remarks
to make in reply to my honorable friend from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Underwood,] for I think we are ap-
proximating very nearly to the principle which he
has laid down; and I doubt very much whether
thesystem of policy upon which we are now about
to embark can very well be vindicated, except
upon the omnipotence, the parliamentary omnipo-
tence, which he has chosen to attribute to Con-
gress. I shall, as far as I can, illustrate what I
intend to say upon this subject by a proposition
somewhat in the concrete.
About 1835 or 1836, South Carolina commenced
the great enterprise of having a communication
between her Atlantic border and Cincinnati, upon
the Ohio. She never dreamed that she could ef-
fect that great object without the concurrence of
North Carolina, Tennessee, and Kentucky, and
perhaps Ohio. But according to the views ex-
pressed to-day by the honorable Senator from
Kentucky, in what attitude would he have Ten-
nessee, Kentucky, and North Carolina exhibited ?
Why, according to his doctrine, if North Caro-
lina or Tennessee or Kentucky had refused South
Carolina the liberty of passing through their bor-
ders, he would have appealed to Congress to com-
pel those sovereign States to yield the right of way I
by virtue of this implied necessity, or a still
stronger ground upon the assumption that the
wisdom of Congress should supersede the sover-
eignty of those sovereign States over which South
Carolina wished to pass. Sir, he cannot disguise
the operation of his principle. If I understand
him, it was that when onesovereign State refused
to another the privilege to go over its borders,
Congress, by the sword, if need be, should open
a channel and a highway. Am I not aston-
ished at hearing such doctrines on this floor?
And has it come to this, that the dignity and sov-
ereignty of the separate States of this Union are to
be absorbed by Congressional omnipotency; and
is the Federal standard to be raised in any sover-
eign State, when another may think proper to pass
through it? Why, according to that doctrine, a
combination of five or six States, under the influ-
ence of a measure of Congress, could take from
any other State, against its consent, what they
wanted.
Why, sir, it would be against the very princi-
ples of the common-law which the honorable gen-
tleman has been learning all his life, to carry out
such a doctrine. The common-law is, that no man
shall be deprived of his life, liberty,or property, ex-
cept by his own consent, or on due process of law.
But the gentleman's due process of law is the
Federal sword or the Federal money. Sir, when-
ever he finds any difficulty in reaching a highway
through any State, he is for resorting to the Fed-
eral Treasury, or the Federal sword and purse
combined. I heard the proposition with surprise.
No, sir, I recall the word; not with surprise, be-
cause I have heard it intimated before, and this
bill is but an illustration of the principle, and 1
intend to dwell upon that. If gentlemen here do
not choose to feel its influence, I want the coun-
try, I want the public opinion of this country upon
it; and I say to the States of this Union, espe-
cially to those who occupy a condition of minority
in comparison with this swelling, preponderating
majority, which is assuming a character on this
floor, their only security, and the only security
for the liberties and the institutions of this coun-
try, is the purity and integrity of the State gov-
ernments. If upon any occasion I would invoke
that Divine principle of the Lord's prayer " lead
us not into temptation," it would be that the States
of this Union should not allow the Federal power
to usurp a jurisdiction within them by which they
are to be overshadowed, their dignity absorbed,
and their vital organic existence endangered.
According to the doctrine advanced here to-day,
Congress is to open highways wherever its discre-
tion chooses to lead it. Sir, discretion is the law
of a tyrant. The discretion of Congress ! Why,
sir, the discretion of Congress is but the dictate of
interest; and when majorities combine here to
effect any purpose, I have no other security against
it, than 1 suppose an abstract love of justice and
morality. I know that has its influence in the
days of purity, and I hope our days of purity
have not passed. I hope we have not passed into
that condition where we may not rely upon these
great principles with some degree of security. The
gentleman must remember that the precedent of to-
day is prescription to-morrow; and I again repeat,
and I repeat it to my friend with sorrow, he has as-
serted a principle, he has undisguisedly come out
to-day for the omnipotence of Congress, to make !
channels of commerce through sovereign States
whenever any one of the States may think proper
to refuse to allow another to run roads through its
borders. J
The gentleman illustrated his proposition by re-
ferring to the mouth of the Mississippi. I reply
to him by the old maxim of the law: Aqua currit
et debet currere. The compact with Louisiana it-
self would forbid the stopping up of that passage.
God has forbidden it. The Mississippi is a great
highway, running from one part of the continent
to the other. Man cannot stop it. That is an j
illustration without meaning. The compacts of
the States, nature, and everything else, forbid any !
such interposition to stop up the Mississippi. !
But it is not impossible for the gentleman, with j
his Federal sword and latitudinarian powers, to
cut a road through my State without my consent; '
and if he wanted it for commerce, he said he''
would do it. When we were about to construct )'
the great road to which I have referrIB, we never |
supposed that we could do it without the assent j
of Tennessee, North Carolina, and Kentucky, li
We always thought it necessary to have concur-
rent charters from those States. South Carolina,
in its simplicity, went to the Legislatures of Ten-
nessee, North Carolina, and Kentucky. It was
never dreamed that we could dispense with that;
and I believe the Senator's own State, Kentucky,
refused to grant our request. According to the
gentleman's doctrine, she could have been dra-
gooned into it. She could have been ordered by
Congress peremptorily to give a right of way.
I am snocked at such doctrines, but they are those
which we see illustrated in this bill.
Mr. UiN DERWOOD. I do not intend to de-
tain the Senate from a vote by making a speech,
but I rise to say to my friend from South Carolina
that it is very easy for him to attribute to me, and
then to answer successfully, doctrines which I have
not broached. I have not contended, nor do I in-
tend to contend, that if a State asks the privilege
of extending her system of internal improvements
through the territory of another State and shall
be refused, the State can then appeal to Congress
and ask Congress to enforce the request on the
refusing State to allow the other State to carry its
improvements through it. I have not asserted
any such doctrine. I do not believe any such
doctrine. The position for which I contend is
this—and I wish to state it without any further
illustrations—that if any State in the Union shall
undertake to prohibit the free passage of the citi-
zens of another State through her territories for
commercial purposes, the citizens of the State thus
prohibited have a right to appeal to Congress for a
right of way across the territory refusing to grant
the privilege of going over it. That is what I
contended for; and I will say to the gentleman
that there is a clause in the Constitution which
guarantees to the citizens of one Slate the rights
and privileges of citizens of each State, and there-
fore what I contend for but carries out that pro-
vision of the Constitution. That clause w uld
entitle us to demand that right of way. That
very clause of the Constitution would, if a State
should refuse in that way, require the interposi-
tion of Congress in behalf of the citizens of the
State refused this right of way. I did not con-
tend for the proposition that Congress had a right
to require one State to allow another State to push
within its limits any system of internal improve-
ments.
Mr. BUTLER. I understood the gentleman
very differently, and I think others understood him
differently; for he gave us an illustration, that if
one section of the Union wanted to reach this salt-
water region, as he called it—rather reducingit, I
thought, by his rhetoric—beyond the mouth of the
Mississippi, Congress would have the power to
force it. I understood him to say that Congress
would have a right to force ingress and egress
there.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I say so now.
Mr. BUTLER. If he places himself on the
simple proposition that every man has a right to
travel with his horse and wagon over the high-
ways of Tennessee and Kentucky, such highways
as they have made, and not such as Congress may
make, of course no one denies that.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I would ask the gentle-
man, if a State should forbid the citizen of another
State passing over its borders, what remedy would
! there be then?
Mr. BUTLER. A State could not prevent the
citizens of another State passing over the roads
it had already made; but I understood the propo-
sition of the honorable gentleman to be, that Con-
gress had a right, in such case, to make a high-
way.
Mr. BORLAND. I have but a few words to
say upon one point made by the Senator from
South Carolina. The obvious effect, if not the
intention, of the arguments which have been
made by several gentlemen who have recently
addressed us on the subject, will be to place, as
far as the authority of their position and their ar-
guments will go to the country, those who vote
for this bill in its present form in a false position.
I say such must be the effect of the extent and
authority of their opinions and their positions. I
do not wish to stand in a false position on this sub-
ject. It seems to me that gentlemen who have
made these arguments have made them upon a
bill not before the Senate, or at least they have
certainly assumed positions for this bill which are
not contained in it* if I sin capable of understand-
