706
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 19,
nig its plain words, as written doftrn. Now, the
Senator from South Carolina—and this is the
point to which I wish to call his attention—in
the conclusion of his argument assumed for this
bill a position which it seems to me, so far from
being in it, is directly controverted and contra-
dicted by it. He made his argument to show
that one State could not carry its internal improve-
ments through another without its consent, and
he said that the monstrous doctrine that a State
could do *o was asserted by this bill.
Mr. BUTLER. Not in tins bill, but I said 1
thought this bill was approaching to the doctrine.
Mr. BORLAND. The Senator said this bill
was an illustration of the doctrine laid down by
the Senator from Kentucky.
Mr. BUTLER. Yes, sir.
Mr. BORLAND. And for thatreason, because
it is an illustration of the doctrines laid down by
the Senator from Kentucky, he objected to carry-
ing out the principle of the bill; and therefore he
assumed that the bill took that position. He took
that position, and he said that when a State refused
to permit another State to carry its roads or canals
within its limits, that it might, under this principle,
come and apply to Congress to get the aid of the
Federal Treasury, or the Federal sword, to enforce
the power to carry its internal improvements
through the territory of the other State. What is
the plain provision of the bill? So far from giving
such a power to a State, it grants not one single
power within the limits of a State for the making of
this road without the consent of that State first
had and obtained. That shows the truth of that
objection made against the bill; and I think the
Senate will bear witness that that has been about
the character of the arguments which have been
urged against it. Gentlemen have been arguing
against provisions which are not contained in it.
We know that yesterday a bill was taken up by an
honorable Senator and examined and argued
against, as being this bill,and yet it turned out that
the section against which the gentleman was con-
tending, and upon which he was arguing with so
much force, was not in this bill at all, and was
never contemplated by it. 1 wish this to go out
to the country as showing the character and tend-
ency of the arguments which have been made
against this bill, which have been calculated to
place its advocates in a false position.
Mr. BUTLER. I did not say that the doc- 1
trine of the Senator from Kentucky, as I under-
stood it, was incorporated expressly in this bill;
but there may be an illustration under this sys-
tem of internal improvements of giving the Gov-
ernment of the United States increased Federal
jurisdiction in the States. I say this bill is an
illustration of the principle, and there is a very
great ditlerencebetween an illustration and a prin-
ciple itself. I said it was an illustration, and I
said we were fast approximating to the very doc-
trines which 1 ascribed to the Senator from Ken-
tucky. Those were the words I used, if I remem-
ber them correctly.
Mr. BORLAND. Does not the honorable
Senator recollect that he took the example of
his own State proposing to make a railroad con-
nection with the city of Cincinnati5 He referred
to the fact that South Carolina sent a delegation
to the States of Tennessee and Kentucky for the
purposeof obtainingtheirpermission, concurrence, 1
and cooperation in carrying on that road, and
they deemed it necessary to get their assent. He
said his State had acted on the doctrine that it
was necessary to get the assent of those States,
and that Kentucky refused on that occasion to
give her assent. She did refuse when first applied |
to. _ I do not know whether she afterwards
persisted in her refusal or not. He mentioned
that to show the view which the State of South
Carolina took of the question; that the assent of i
the State, through which the road was to run,
should first be obtained, and he said that the doc- !
trine laid down by the Senator from Kentucky,
which was illustrated in the bill, controverted the 1
doctrine which South Carolina held on this sub-
ject, and would put every State at the mercy of
any other State which might choose to come for-
ward and be successful in getting the aid of the
Federal Treasury or the Federal sword to enforce I1
their right to go through the territory of another i|
State without its consent. Now, I say that the lj
provisions of the bill expressly require that assent. '
Mr. BUTLER. I said this bill was the first l'
step towards that; it was an illustration of the
doctrine; and I again say it is an illustration of
the system shadowed out by the Senator from
Kentucky. I st'.id that we were approximating
to Ins doctrine; 1 used those very words. It is an
illustration in some respects, but not in all.
Mr. PHELPS. The question now is, I sup-
pose, upon the proposition of the Senator from
Missouri, [Mr. Geyer,] to amend the thirteenth
section of the bill, wlucii section the Senator from
California proposes to strike out.
The PRESIDENT. The first question is on
the motion of the Senator from Missouri, to amend
the section proposed to be stricken out.
Mr. PHELPS. Mr. President, it appears to
me that the friends of this bill have stumbled upon
an obstacle which they will find it very difficult to
remove. If the proposition of the Senator from
Missouri prevails, the measure itself is imperfect.
You will then have in your bill a proposition to
create a railroad in the Territories of the United
States, without any power on the part of those
employed to construct it to act within the States.
Therefore, if this proposition carries, the measure
must be regarded as an imperfect one. On the
other hand, if the proposition fails, and the thir-
teenth section is retained in its present form, you
encounter the insuperable difficulty of intruding
upon the sovereignty of the States in a matter, in
my judgment, not within your jurisdiction.
Sir, 1 have always been an advocate for the
power of Congress to create a corporation, but
only as a means of carrying out the powers vested
in them by the Constitution; and if that corpora-
tion has other and further objects, intruding upon
matters within the exclusive jurisdiction of the
States, you have no power to create it, because
the purpose of that corporation is to go beyond
the powers conferred upon you by the Constitu-
tion.
Now, what does the bill before us, in its present
shape, propose? It proposes the creation of a cor-
poration to act within the States. In order to act
effectually, that corporation must take private
property. You ought, if you confer this power,
to go further and to regulate the manner in which
that property shall be taken. You ought to im-
pose the proper limits and the proper guards. The
bill proposes no such thing. It leaves the matter
at loose ends. But you go further. You not only
regulate the transportation of your mails, and of
your troops and military stores, but you regulate
the ordinary intercourse of the people of the States
in their ordinary modes of communication. Now,
sir, is not this a very different matter from the
creation of a Bank of the United States, whose
main object, and whose only object, I may say,
or at least whose principal object, was to regulate
your currency and your finances? Here you go
further. And how can the argument of the Sen-
ator from Connecticut [Mr. Todcsy] be resisted?
If by reason of this incidental advantage in the
transportation of the mail, and the troops and
military stores of the United States, you can as-
sume the construction and regulation of roads in
the States, does not the whole power fall within
your reach ? Where are you to stop ? If you can
construct one road, you can construct another; and
if you please, conceiving it necessary for your
convenience in those particulars, you can exclude
the State altogether from the exercise of power
which has hitherto been considered a mere matter
of State regulation.
There is another difficulty in this matter. You
require the assent of the States. What is that
assent worth ? It is an assent to the exercise of a
political power which does not belong to you. You
are, therefore, no better off with that assent than
without it, for the very next Legislature that con-
venes in the State may revoke it.
Now, sir, without detaining the Senate, it ap-
pears to me, that there is a radical difficulty in this
matter, which is not to be avoided unless by some
device with which I am not acquainted. Situated
as I am, differing as I do from personal and politi-
cal friends, I might, with very great propriety, ex-
press at length my views of the policy of this meas-
ure; but instead of detaining the Senate, I will
content myself with a single remark. I regard it,
and I shall regard it, if the bill passes, as a gigantic
project prenAturely undertaken.
Mr. PETTIT. Mr. President, thers ara four
reasons why I shall vote against this bill.
1. Because it commits Congress to the power of
incorporation—a dangerous and anti-Democratic
doctrine.
2. Because it commits us to a wild system of
internal improvement, denied by our creed, and
dangerous to the wholesome action of the State
and Federal Governments.
3. Because it burdens and clogs the incoming
Administration with a load that it ought not, against
its will, to carry. If this bill passes, Mr. Pierce
may well ask to be saved from his friends.
4. Because the Whigs are for it, with the evi-
dent design, as I think, of fastening upon us these
odious principles and this dangerous policy.
[Laughter.]
The amendments of Mr. GeyeiUo the thirteenth
section were agreed to.
The PRESIDENT. The question now is on
the motion of the Senator from California [Mr.
Weller] to strike out the thirteenth section as
amended.
Mr. WELLER. I will modify that motion so
as to strike out the whole of the section except the
following proviso originally reported by the com-
mittee:
" Provided, however, That the provisions of this act shall
have no force nor effect whatever within the limits of any
State, without the consent of the Legislature of such State
previously had and obtained.*'
Mr. BAYARD. The proposition I understand
to be, in effect, to destroy the corporation pro-
posed to be created by this bill.
Mr. WELLER. That is it.
Mr. MASON. It will be competent hereafter,
I presume, to move to strike out that proviso
also ?
The PRESIDENT. Certainly.
Mr. BELL. I rise to a question of order. If
the Senate refuse to strike out the entire portion of
the thirteenth section which the Senator from Cal-
ifornia moves to strike out, will it then be in order
still further to amend the section, or will the vote
of the Senate not to strike out, if that should be
their determination, be equivalent to retaining the
section as it is ? .
The PRESIDENT. It is proposed to amend
the section by striking out all except the proviso
which has been read. The proviso will be subject
to amendment afterwards of course.
Mr. BELL. Then I will ask the Senator from
California if he objects to the power of Congress
to create a corporation, or to construct this road
by contract with a corporation within the Territo-
ries exclusively ? I do not want to discuss the
subject, but I wish to know whether he is op-
posed to the incorporation of a company for this
purpose; the powers of which are to be exercised
exclusively in the Territories, and not in any State.
Mr. WELLER. My object, undoubtedly, is
to get rid of this corporation altogether, that this
work shall be done by the contractors. If it shall
become necessary for them to be incorporated, in
my judgment they could get an act of incorpora-
tion from the respective States through which the
road may be constructed. I do not propose that
Congress shall incorporate them at all. I wish to
leave that question for the States to determine here-
after upon the application of the contractors.
Mr. HALE. I wish to ask a question similar
to that proposed by the honorable Senator from
Tennessee. 1 suppose if the Senate vote not to
strike out these words, they cannot afterwards be
amended by striking out a part of them; because a
vote not to strike out is, in parliamentary law,
equivalent to a vote to retain as it stands.
The PRESIDENT. If the Senate should de-
cide not to strike out, of course the portion which
it is now proposed to strike out, would not then
be subject to amendment without reconsidering this
vote.
The question beinar taken by yeas and nays on
the motion of Mr. Weller to strike out that por-
tion of the thirteenth section, resulted—yeas 36,
nays 14; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Atchison, Bayard, Borland,
Bradbury, Brodhead, Brooke, Butler, Cass, Charlton,
Chase, Dawson, De saussure, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge
oflowa, Douglas,Downs, Felch, Fitzpatrick, Gwin,Hale,
Hamlin, Houston, Hunter, Jones of Iowa, Mason, Norris,
Pearce, Pettit, Phelps, Sebastian, Souli, Sumner, Toucey,
Walker, and Weller—36.
NAYS—Messrs. Badger, Bell, Davis,Fish, Foot,Oey«r,
Jones of Tennessee, Miller, Rusk, Seward, Smith, Spru-
anoe, Underwood, and Wade—14.
So the motion was agreed to.
Mr. COOPER, when his name was called, an-
