1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
707
nounced that he had paired off with the Senator
from Maryland, [Mr. Pbatt.]
Mr. WELLER. I was under the impression
at the time I modified the motion to strikeout the
thirteenth section, that it was necessary to retain !
the proviso which I propose to retain, in order to
give efficacy to the bill; but I find, that by thefirst
section, provision is already made for requiring
the assent of the States, and thus it would be a
work of supererogation to retain the proviso in
the thirteenth section. The first section already
provides that " before said road shall be located
' or constructed through any State, the consent of
• the Leeislature thereof to the provisions con-
' tained in this act, sh.ill be first had and ob-
■tained." Therefore it is wholly unnecessary to
retain the proviso in the thirteenth section, and I
now move to strike it out.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SMITH. In consequence of the amend-
ment which has been made by the Senate on the
motion of the Senator from California, striking
out the thirteenth section, I apprehend it will be
expedient to amend the fifth section, in the pro-
vision providing that the President may receive
proposals, by inserting after the words " which
proposals," these words: " may be made by in-
' dividuals, or by any body-politic or corporate,
' created for that purpose by the Legislature of
' any State, and the same"—
It is suggested to me, since the reading of the
amendmentby some honorable Senators, that it
would be-well to add, after the word "State,"
the words " or Territory."
Mr. RUSK. I do not think the Territories
have power to grant such an act of incorporation.
Mr. SMITH. I will not make any alteration,
then.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SMITH. The Senate, at my instance,
printed an amend ment which I gave notice I should
offer to the third section,—to strike out the words
which I conceive to be vague and uncertain, and
to insert a more explicit provision. I now offer
that amendment. It is to strike out in the third
section these words:
" In cases where tfv public domain adjacent to the said
road may not be suiricient to enable the Government to
carry into effect the above provisions, then, and in that
event, any deficiency that may exist shall be supplied from
the public domain nearest to the point at which such defi-
ciency shall exist, and be selected in alternate sections as
aforesaid;" I
and insert in lieu of these words the following: j
In cases where the public domain adjacent to said road j
bas been secured to any Indian tribe or tribes by treaty or '
treaties, so that the same cannot be surveyed or granted,
and also where any of the territory through which said road
inay pass, or any of the alternate sections herein appropri-
ated and set apart, are not the property of the United States,
or are in the possession and occupancy of bona fide settlers,
then equivalent lands may be taken from the public domain
nearest to the point or points at which any deficiency may
exist by the means aforesaid, and be selected, under the di-
rection ofthe President of the United States, in alternate
sections as aforesaid."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GEYER. I submitted informally, some
days since, some amendments, which I gave notice
I should submit at the proper time. I now offer the
first of those amendments, which is in the third
section, to strike out the words—
" There shall be, and are hereby, appropriated and set
apart alternate sections of the public lands, designated by
odd numbers for six miles on each side of the said road
where the same shall be constructed through any State or
States, and for twelve miles on each side of the said road
where the same shall be constructed through the Territories
ofthe United States
and insert in lieu of these words the following:
" Through the Territories of the United States there shall
be, and are hereby, appropriated and set apart alternate
sections of the public lands, designated by odd numbers, for
twelve miles on each side of said road."
I will state in a few words the object of the
amendment. It is to enable the road to be made ;
within the States by persons or corporations
authorized by the State to construct it. The sub-
sequent sections which I have informally submitted
as amendments,are designed to provide the means
by which the road shall be constructed within the
States. This amendment only proposes to strike
out that portion of the third section which provides
that alternate sections six miles in width shall be
granted to the States, and limits the grant to the
Territories as that section stands. The subsequent
sections which I intend to propose, provide for an
appropriation of alternate sections for ten miles on
each side of the road within the States, deducting
the grant which any State may have received for
a road or roads, the route of which maybe taken
for this road. They thes provide that the Presi-
dent of the United States may contract with any
person or company authorized by the States, to
construct the road within any of their limits; and
to have it constructed upon the terms which are
here provided. My sole object is to keep the
operation in the States and in the Territories dis-
tinct from each other.
Mr. RUSK. I hope the honorable Senator will
not press that amendment. I feel confident that
the vote upon it will be decisive of the fate of the
bill, and its adoption will destroy the bill. I be-
lieve the honorable Senator is a friend of the bill,
and therefore it is that I make this appeal to him.
I will not enter into a speech, because I am much
more anxious to see a vote taken, and the bill
passed, as I hope it will be, or at any rate to see
a final vote upon it, than [ am to hear myself
talk. I wish to say, however, in regard to this
amendment, that the difficulty in procuring capital
for the construction of the road will be increased
as you give half a dozen different bodies the power
of controlling it. Who is going to furnish money
for the purpose of building that portion ofthe road
within the Territories of the United States, where
it will not be productive, and particularly when
it is to depend upon the whim and caprice of other
companies that are to connect along the line? The
result of the adoption of this amendment will be
destruction to the entire measure. I hope it will
not be adopted.
Mr. GEYER. It is not my intention to make
a speech upon the amendment. I intend to sub-
mit it without any remarks, and to abide by the
decision of the Senate.
The amendment was rejected, there being on a
division—ayes 16, noes 21.
Mr. GEYER. The other amendments which
I intended to submit, fall of course with this, and
I will notoffer them.
Mr. BAYARD. I have two amendments which
I wish to offer, which are distinct in their character.
I do not mean to detain the Senate from a vote on
the bill by making any lengthened remarks on the
first amendment, though I shall have a few remarks
to make in reference to the second. The first
amendment I propose to offer is with a view to
see whether the Senate of the United States have
since the last session of Congress changed their
determination as to the propriety of expending
money out of the National Treasury for the pur-
pose of making roads and canals within the States.
My amendment is to strike out in the third sec-
tion, which grants a certain quantity of land and
a certain amount of money to these contractors,
these words:
"And a sum not to exceed $30,000,000 in bonds of the
United States, bearing an interest of five per cent, per
annum, and redeemable in fifty years."
I base this amendment upon the vote of the
Senate at the last session of Congress in reference
to the Sault Ste. Marie canal. On an amendment
, then offered by the honorable Senator from Mich-
igan, [Mr. Felch,] directing the Secretary of War
to contract with the lowest bidder or bidders for
the construction of that work, which is eminently
a national work, the vote of the Senate was 21 in
the affirmative and 32 in the negative. That
amendment was thus rejected by a decisive vote,
and then the Senate, under a principle which has
obtained for some years past, recognizing a dis-
tinction between the appropriation of public lands
and money for the purpose of making roads and
canals in the States, passed without any division
a bill granting seven hundred and fifty thousand
acres of land for the purpose of making that canal.
Therefore, as I tnink this bill seems to come
within the distinction which that vote during the
present Congress established as the will of the
! Senate, I have moved to strike out that portion of
this bill which I have mentioned which embodies
: an appropriation in money, for certainly no one i
; will contend that an appropriation of five per cent,
i bonds is not an appropriation of money; and upon
this amendment I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered and taken, [
with the following result—yeas 16, nays 30:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Bayard, Bradbury, Brodhead,
Butler, Charlton, Dawson, Fitzpatrick, Hamlin, Hunter,
Mason, Norris, Pearce, Phelps, Sprnance, and Toucey—16.
NAYS—Messrs. Atchison, Bell, Borland, Brooke, Case,
Chase, Davis, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodgeoflowa, Doug-
I las, Downs, Felch, Fish, Foot, Geyer, Gwtn, Houston,
j Jones of Iowa, Jones of Tennessee, Miller, Rusk, 8e-
| bastian, Seward, Shields, Smith, Sumner, Underwood,
; Wade, Walker, and Weller—30.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. BAYARD. I move further to amend the
bill by adding at the close of the first section, the
following proviso:
Provided further, That if in the opinion ofthe President
it is more advisable that the location of (he said road and
the selection of its points of termination, should be made by
Congress, then the whole matter may he referred by him to
Congress at its next session, without furthi r action, except
in causing a survey of the said road to be made in order to
obtain the most accurate information on the subject as au-
thorized by this Bection.
The object of this amendment is to do what I
consider to be simple justice to the President elect
of the United States. You have thrown upon him,
by the first section of the bill of the committee, a
responsibility and a duty which certainly has
never before been conferred upon any President
of the United States. The honorable Senator from
Iowa, [Mr. Dodge,] in his remarks yesterday,
assigned as one reason why it was necessary that
this responsibility should be thrown upon the
President, that such were the conflicting local in-
terests connected with the different routes pro-
posed to unite the valley of the Mississippi with
the Pacific ocean, you never could anticipate, no
matter how national the work, no matter how
much such a connection might be needed by the
general interests of the country, no matter though
you might have the most accurate surveys and the
most perfect delineations of the routes, the local
interests of the different contending States and
parties could not be so far overcome as to enable
you to pass a bill through Congress authorizing
the construction of the road over any particular
route. Well, sir, is it just, is it generous to the
President of the United States, at the commence-
ment of his Administration, to place him in posi-
tion where he will have to encounter the odium
and the obloquy and the opposition arising from
having to decide between these rival interests?
Yet that is the position in which the bill places
him.
If the reason given by the Senator from Iowa
be correct, and probably it is—if these difficulties
are so formidable—if the local divisions upon the
subject are so great—and if the excitement in re-
lation to the matter is so great that you cannot
pass a bill through Congress on that account—
surely if you require the President of the United
I States, as a single individual, going beyond the
I line of his Executive duties, to decide between
; these conflicting interests, and to determine that
i which so exasperates human passion and so en-
| lists human interests, you will necessarily give
| him a heavy responsibility at the very commence-
j ment of his administration. I do not say that
the President elect of the United States may not,
under your bill, assume this responsibility if he
chooses to meet it; but at any rate you are giving
him a high discretion—a discretion which involves
a most serious responsibility. I do not believe he
would fear to encounter it, but at least he should
have the option—and that is all my amendment
provides—of saying whether, under the circum-
stances, he thinks it advisable that he should make
that decision, or whether he should refer theques-
! tiori back to Congress, which is the appropriate
, tribunal, for the purpose of deciding it. You
, should give him that discretion at least, and
that would show something like confidence in him.
But as the section now is, you give him a discre-
tion which, in the hands of a corrupt man, would
be very dangerous. I have no such fears in this
case; but as the section now stands you impose
the duty upon him, and you limit his discretion
so that you compel him to perform it, unless he
should take the stand, which it is possible he may
take, that the law is unconstitutional in its provis-
ions, and therefore that it is not incumbent on him
to carry it out.
I do not want to place the incoming President
in a position where he will be subjected to feelings
of hostility and enmity on the part of any of those
who have aided in bringing him into power. Leave
him, then, the discretion of saying whether he
will determine on the points of termination of this
road—whether i.c will select the route of the road,
and encounter all the local prejudice, and all the
opposition arising from that selection, or whether,
