708
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 19,
after he has investigated it, lie wilt refer that matter
back to vou. Why not allow him, after finding
what these rival routes are, and what is the extent
of that opposition to which 1 have alluded, to
say whether he will go on or not ? If he should
find, as he most find before he could decide, that
there was any one route so decidedly superior to
all the rest that he ought not to hesitate, but decide
without reference to Congress, he would do so.
But if he should find such conflict of opinion in
the reports of the engineers—such doubt and un-
certainty as to the proper route to be taken, that
he should not be willing to assume the responsi-
bility of deciding, he ought to have power to send
the question back where it rightfully belongs, and j
where, in my judgment, it ought to be exercised
in the first instance—that is, to the Congress of the
United States. If, however, he should think dif-
ferently, his acts would be binding. Surely, sir,
those gentlemen who have supported that party to
which he is attached, and who have aided in bring-
ing him into power, cannot wish to place him in a
position of such responsibility without giving him
the option of declining that responsibility, if in his
judgment it should be better that he should do so.
My amendment goes to that extent; no further.
Mr. GWIN. Sir, General Pierce belongs to ;
the Old Hickory stock. He is not afraid of re- \
Bponsibility. ,
Mr. HAMLIN. I concur very generally in
what has fallen from the Senator from Delaware.
I certainly will vote for no bill that imposes duties
upon the President such as are designated in the
first section of this bill. They do not, in my
judgment, appropriately belong to the chief Ex-
ecutive officer of this Government. They are
wholly of another class and character of duties.
You have your War Department and your Navy
Department, your Ordnance Bureau, your Bureau
of Yards and Docks, and in all the contracts into
which this Government enters, in all the details of
these branches of the public service, you have proper j
officers to make those contracts and to discharge
those duties. When I voted as a citizen to make
Franklin Pierce President of these United States,
I did not certainly suppose that I should be called j
upon here as a Senator to vote to make him the j
president of a railroad company or a railroad cor- !
poration. But before the question is put upon the
amendment of the Senator from Delaware, I ask
him to listen to a suggestion which I have to (
make. I desire to put this bill in such a shape as i
to enable me to vote for it, because I am in favor I
of the general proposition. I propose to insert !
after the words " President of the United States," I
in the first section, " to nominate to the Senate
three commissioners, whose duty it shall be;" so j
that the section shall read " that it shall be the j
' duty of the President of the United States to
' nominate to the Senate three commissioners,
' whose duty it shall be to cause to be construct-
' ed,"&c. My object is, to impose upon these
commissioners, to be nominated by him and con-
firmed by the Senate, the very duties which the
bill imposes upon him. I would suggest to my
friend from Delaware to allow the vote to be taken
first upon my proposition, and then, if it be re-
jected, he can offer his.
Mr. BAYARD. The proposition of the hon-
orable Senator from Maine is, I understand, to
delegate to three commissioners the power of Con-
gress to determine a question which the honorable
Senator from Iowa said Congress never could
agree upon. I am unwilling to delegate such a
power at all; but if it must be delegated, let it
be to the President. All I ask is, that if you
give to the President, to whom you are willing to
delegate so extensive a power, who stands elected
by an unparalleled majority of the people of this
country, and therefore doubtless entitled to great
confidence, also the option, the discretion, to say
whether he is willing to assume the responsibility
you throw upon him. I am so entirely opposed
to the adoption of the amendment of the honor-
able Senator from Maine, that I shall press my
own in the first place.
A word now as to the remark of the honorable
Senator from California, [Mr. Gwis.] I agree
with him that the President elect of the United
States, in my opinion, belongs to the Old Hick-
ory stock, and I cannot help thinking that it is
because he belongs to the Old Hickory stock that
this bill is pressed now for the fear that if hereafter
it should come under his supervision, it might
require a greater vote to force it through with its
present provisions than it possibly can hope to
obtain. I have no fears of the firmness of the
President elect. It is not on that ground that I
object to the provision; but I think that when you
intrust discretion and impose an onerous and
extraordinary duty, it would be but common
courtesy to give him the option of determining
whether he will exercise that discretion, or refer
it back to you after he has had the surveys made.
I ask for the yeas and nays on my amendment.
Ths yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DAVIS. I wish merely to say to the gen-
tleman from Delaware that his amendment is not
necessary. It is not possible that any part of this
road can be located before Congress meet again at
the next session. There will be abundant oppor-
tunity for the President at all times to refer the
subject to Congress if he finds it in any way em-
barrassing to him to execute any of the duties
proposed to be conferred upon him in regard to the
location of the road. The amendment, therefore,
cannot better his condition in the least.
The question being taken upon the amendment,
resulted—yeas 18, nays 32; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Adams, Bayard, Bradbury, Brodhead, j
Butler, Chariton, Dawson, De Saussure, Filzpatrick, Ham !
tin, Hunter, Mason, Norris, Pearce, Pettit, Phelps, Soul4, I
and Toucey—18. |
NAYS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Bell, Borland, Brooke,
Cass, Chase, Davis, Dodge of Wisconsin, Podge of Iowa,
Dotlslas, Felch, Fish, Foot, Geyer, Gwin, Houston, Jones
of Iowa, Jones of Tennessee, Miller, Rusk, Sebastian,
Seward, Shields, Smith, Sumner, Underwood, Wade,
Walker, and Weller—32.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. BELL. I have an amendment which I be-
lieve the committee intended to report, and which
may be necessary to perfect the bill. It is to add
the following as an additional section:
Sec.—. Jlndbeil further enacted. That when the Pres-
ident shall have designated the termini and general route of
said railroad and telegraph line according to the provisions
of this act, and the said road, the general route of which
shall be thus designated, shall pass through any territories
the possession of which is guarantied to any Indian tribe
or tribes by treaty or patent issued under any treaty, he
shall be authorized to treat with such Indian tribe or tribes
for a right of way for said road over such territory.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN. . I now desire to have a vote
of the Senate upon the amendment which I indi-
cated a few minutes ago. I have no doubt it will
share the fate of all the other amendments, but
still I should like to have a vote of the Senate upon
the question whether we shall impose upon the
President the powers imposed upon him by this
bill, or shall transfer them to commissioners to be
nominated by him and confirmed by the Senate.
I therefore move to amend the first section of the
substitute of the committee, by inserting after the
words " President of the United States," where
they first occur, the words " whose duty it shall
be to nominate to the Senate three commissioners
whose duty it shall be."
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. DE SAUSSURE. I move to amend the
amendment of the committee in the first section,
so that one terminus of the road at all events shall
be designated. I propose to add after the word
" prescribed," the words " provided, nevertheless,
that Memphis, in the State of Tennessee, shall
constitute the eastern terminus of said road;" and
on that amendment I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DOWNS. I would suggest to the honor-
able Senator from South Carolina, whether it
would not be better to modify somewhat the
phraseology of his amendment. Memphis, in all
probability, is a very suitable terminus on the
Mississippi, but there may be reasons in favor of
other places, and I would therefore suggest to the
honorable Senator to alter his amendment, so as to
make it read that the eastern terminus of the road
shall not be north of Memphis. I move that as
an amendment to the amendment of the Senator
[ from South Carolina.
| Mr. BADGER. Would it be in order to move
j to add to that amendment, " nor south of the
southern line of Tennessee?" [Laughter.]
Mr. BELL. I should like to know what gen-
tlemen mean by alluding to Tennessee in the man-
ner in which they do.
Several Senators. They want to give you the
terminus of the road.
Mr. PETTIT. They want to give you a bridge
across the Mississippi.
The PRESIDENT. The Charr would suggest
to the Senator from Louisiana, that the amend-
ment of the Senator from South Carolina is an
amendment to an amendment, and it therefore is
not susceptible of an amendment.
Mr. DOWNS. I hope the Senator from South
Carolina will accept my amendent as a modifica-
tion of his.
Mr. CHARLTON. I have foreborne saying
anything about this bill, but I wish to say a few
words now, inasmuch as I hear honorable gentle-
men objecttotheamendmentofthegentleman from
South Carolina, that it is making this a sectional
question. Why, sir, without that, it is a sectional
question already. I understood my friend from
Illinois to say that yau may avoid all constitu-
tional scruples in reference to running this road
through a State, because you can locate it through
the South Pass, which would steer clear of all
States.
M r. DOUGLAS. Or half a dozen other passes.
Mr. CHARLTON. I should like to know what
other pass besides the South Pass will do that.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The pass by way of Albu-
querque.
Mr. CHARLTON. If you run the road by
Albuquerque, will you steer clear of any State?
Mr. DOUGLAS. If you bend a little.
Mr. CHARLTON. If you once begin to bend
a little, you may as well go down altogether. The
idea is, that this is to be a northern road. We can-
not shut our eyes to it. It is to run through the
South Pass. My honorable friend from Illinois
knows that General Pierce, the President elect,
is a strict constructionist, and a good State-Rights
man, and therefore, never will consent to locate
this road through a State. Then I understand he
will be compelled to locate the road through the
South Pass. That will bring it in the forty-second
degree of north latitude, and bring it through the
Nebraska Territory to the Missouri river, at the
point which the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Chase]
first designated. I believe I am right in that; but
if my friend from Illinois, who knows the topog-
raphy and geography of that country better than
I do, will say that this road can go through any
other pass far available purposes without striking
a State line, I will confess that I am mistaken. I
do not think, however, that he can say so. There-
fore I say it is useless to talk about not making
this a sectional question, when by the bill it is a
sectional question already. I think, after we have
all been admonished by the Senator from Ken-
tucky that we are to expect no favors as soon as
the West has the power to put us under anything
that they may call justice, I am not disposed now,
to concede anything which the just rights of my
section of the country, or which the true construc-
tion of the Constitution of the land at the present
time, gives to us. But I do not desire to inflict a
speech upon the Senate.
Mr. DOUGLAS. When I used the expres-
sion " South Pass "in an illustration, I had not the
slightest idea that there was any implication, direct-
ly or indirectly, in the bill, that would indicate that
as the location of the road. I will go further and
say, as I can say, I do not believe, under this bill
that General Pierce would locate it through that
pass. And I will go further and say that I be-
lieve there are half a dozen passes through the
mountains practicable for a railroad south of the
South Pass, where it could be located, and that on a
tolerably direct line, without touching any one of
the States. I do not believe that the bill gives the
slightest advantage either way in the location of the
road. I believe that a central position will be select-
ed under it, if it passes, not because I have any in-
formation, but simply because it is being left to
the Executive to do justice to the North and to the
South, and he will have a due regard to both sec-
tions. I disclaim any idea that the North is get-
ting the shghest advantage under the terms here
used.
Mr. DAWSON. I do not desire to make a
speech; I only want to announce this fact: I am
friendly to this road when it can, in my judgment,
be constructed properly, and, as I before observed,
constitutionally. I am not influenced by section.
I want the road to go upon the most direct and
practicable route, and at the smallest expense, and
before that can be done, there should be a survey,
and that survey should be submitted to us, and
we should, as representatives of the people, take
the responsibility of declaring which route is for
