710
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 19,
whether it was voted upon or not, whether it
was rejected or not, it is certain that it has not
been adopted. Now, I am sorry to see that the
Senators from Tennessee disagree in regard to
this amendment. One of them says he will not
vote for it. It can be upon no other ground—
without imply ins any censure in the remark—than
•elfishness He supposes it is patriotism.
Mr. BELL. 1 would go for my own section,
if 1 had the power to fix the route.
Mr. WALKER. He may, and doubtless does,
think he is actuated by principles of patriotism;
and I believe he is to a great extent. He may (re-
lieve that that will be the better and cheaper
route. 1 have no doubt he does believe so; but
now that Senator, in the candor of Ins nature, I
presume would not deny that he would go for
this proposition because it is Memphis, Tennessee.
If the road should point in the direction of the
State which I have the honor partly to represent,
I might vote for it. I might desire very much to
see tne termination upon the line of the territory
of the United States, in a direction which would
secure to my section of the country the eastern
terminus of the road. But, sir, as long as I de-
sire, as a friend of this measure, that the road
shall be made, and as long as the friends of the
bill seem to show a disposition to stand by it,
with its present general features, I should vote
against a proposition of that kind, and would be
willing to acknowledge that I would do it almost
solely upon the score of selfishness—local interest.
I mean by that, that I must be guided as much
by patriotism, as I conceive my honorable friend
from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] is in this matter,
and that it would be a better route; but what of
that? That would be my opinion. He has his
opinion. He may be right; I may be right. We
may both be wrong. St. Louis may be the best
point. New Orleans or Vicksburg may be. Om-
niscience can only tell at present, for I admit that
there is, and will be, a good deal of darkness
about us, until we shall learn more by an actual
survey. But while we do know no more than we
do, it seems to me the bill now stands upon as
good a basis as we can put it.
Mr. DAWSON. I desire to say to my friend
from South Carolina thatl shall be constrained to
vote against his amendment. The position I oc-
cupy is that the railroad should go on the route
that is practicable, and where it will do the
greatest public good. The ground that I am act-
ing upon is, that we can determine that only by a
proper estimate and survey, and I am waiting for
that result. I shall therefore vote against the
bill invariably until these things are presented.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 11, nays28; as follows:
YEAS—Meters. Brodhead, Brooke, Butler, Charlton,
T)e Saussure, Downs, Fitzpatrick, Hunter, Jones of Ten-
nessee, Mason, and Soule—-U.
NAYS—Messrs. Atchiaon, Bell, Borland, Bradbury,
Ca=?, Chase, Davis, Dawson, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge
of fowa, Douglas, Feleh, Fish, Foot, Geyer, Givin, Hous-
ton, Jones of towa, Miller, Kusk, Seward, Shields, Smith,
Spru&nce, Sumner, Underwood, VVade, and Walker—28.
So the amendment was rejected.
Air. SEBASTIAN stated that he had paired off
with Mr. Batajid.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. There is a matter of im-
portance which I must bring to the attention of the
Senate, in consequence of striking out "the act of
incorporation. I think it requires amendment. I
wish particularly to call the attention of the friends
of the bill to it. In the seventh section it is pro-
vided that if the company shall fail to comply with
the terms of the contract, the whole work which
they may have done shall be forfeited to the United
States. But then the section goes on directly and
Provide* that " in case of any such failure, the
'resident of the United States shall readvertise
and relet to other contractors," &c. The diffi-
culty is this: the other contractors go on and fin-
. ish the work. Suppose the Government wishes
to take it and make it free. That is the object I
have in view. I do not intend, if I can help it, to
let the company have the work forever. Then
the ninth section provides that the company is to
be required " to surrender to the United States
•the said road and line of telegraph, with their
' equipment, appurtenances, and furniture, upon
' the payment to the said company of the cost of
' construction of the same, allowing ten per cent.,"
Ac. I conceive that there will be a difficulty in
regard to the construction of these provisions.
What is to become of the expenditures of the first
company which have been forfeited ?
Mr. RUSK. There is not the least difficulty in
the world. They are forfeited; and under an-
other provision of the bill the new company which
would make the contract must keep an account
of their expenditures.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I beg the friends of the
bill to hear me a little while. I labor under the
apprehension that there is a difficulty; and if I can
see that there is not, I shall most cheerfully sus-
tain the bill as it is. Now, the language of the
section which I have rend is, that the company
surrendering the road is to receive the whole cost
of construction, "allowing ten per cent, profit
' upon their investments,deducting from the whole
' cost of said road the amount of the bonds paid
• to the said company, and the proceeds of the
'lands granted to them." Now, you perceive
that the bonds granted to the company that fin-
ishes the road will only be a small portion of the
bonds which have been granted from the begin-
ning. My object is to get clear of these difficul-
ties. The first company may have received bonds
to the amount of ten millions. The company
which ultimately constructs the road may have
received to the amount of ten millions. The diffi-
culty grows out of the construction of the clause.
The language is, that the company that is com-
pelled to give up the road is to receive the whole
cost of construction. What I want to suggest to
the friends of the bill is, that they should insert
in some appropriate place the following:
The cost of that part of the road which may have been
forfeited to the Government, if any, and the amount of the
bonds paid to the compan> completing the road, and the
proceeds of the land? sold or di.-posed of, and the value of
those retained by the company completing the road, shall be
deducted from the amount of the total cost of the road, and
the remainder paid w the company surrendering the road
to the Government.
That will place it in such a condition that there
can be no difficulty about it. That, I am sure, is
what we ail mean and wish; but I apprehend that
in consequence of changing the character of the
bill, by striking out the corporation clause, the
difficulty may arise. If they had all been corpo-
rators coming in, I apprehend they would have
been entitled to the stock in the company in pro-
portion to their contributions, and they would not
have lost the stock by others coming in and com-
pleting the road. That would have been just, and
could have been secured by regulation. But there
is now a difficulty, as I think, which I have con-
ceived it my duty to bring to the attention of the
Senate. If the first contract is forfeited, a subse-
quent contract is to be made. When you come
to take the road away from the second contract-
ors, the bill provides that the whole cost of con-
struction is to be returned to them. That provi-
sion of the bill is not sufficiently explicit.
Mr. GWIN. I think 1 can satisfy the Senator.
They do not get one cent for the construction of
the road until they complete fifty miles. If acon-
tractor fails, he fails at a risk—and that is the cost
of the road. If he has contracted for a thousand
miles, and builds five hundred and completes it,
he gets paid for it; and that is the cost of the road.
Then if another takes the other five hundred miles
and completes it, that is the cost of the road. They
are required to keep books with the most minute
detail. I think there is no difficulty in it.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I really apprehend that
my objection is not understood.
. Mr. DAVIS. The clause alludes to the cost to
those individuals.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. If it means that, I am
content with it; but it does not so read.
The PRESIDENT. If there be no further
amendments to offer, the bill will be reported to
the Senate.
Mr. CASS. Mr. President, I am very anxious
for the construction of this road, as I have more
than once stated to the Senate; and I have resisted
: every effort to impede this bill, and shall continue
to do so, excepting upon vital points, involving
questions of constitutional power. I believe this
measure is one of the most important—I had
nearly said the most important—which can en-
gage the attention of Congress, embracing interests
bearing equally upon the present and the future of
our country. The Senator from Virginia [Mr.
Hunter] has presented the objection with great
force, and it has been repeated by others, that this
bill transfers legislative powers to the President, by
the control it gives to him over the route and direc-
tion of the road. I do not  o consider it. I con-
sider these matters as questions of administration
rather than of legislation. I have no doubt of
the right of Congress to enter into every detail
connected with this work, should it be disposed,
as it would have the right to prescribe how many
windows there shnll be in the proposed addition
to the Cupitol. But 1 think it is better for the
Legislature to make geneial provisions for the con-
struction of such works, leaving the Executive
Department to carry them into effect. Besides, I
yet remain firmly of opinion, notwithstanding the
contrary opinions we have heard advanced, that
no bill fixing the route and termini of this road
could pass Congress. There are so many local
interests to operate, that a majority could not be
found to unite upon these exciting subjects. And
I think we have had sufficient proofs of this diffi-
culty, or rather impossibility, in the short but
strongly-marked debate we have justheard, touch-
ing these matters.
I am persuaded that the fate of the measure de-
pends upon leaving the question of location to be
determined, independent of Congress, under the
direction of the President, and by information to
be obtained by a proper examination and survey
of the country. I see no force in the objection
that this is a duty not proper to be imposed upon
the President, committing to him the execution of
such a work. Why, sir, in conferring such a
power upon the President, we thereby confer upon
him the proper means of executing it. We have
committed to him the construction of the new
Capitol; we commit to him every day the con-
struction of other works, forts, arsenals, mints,
ships-of-war, and a thousand others; and in a sim-
ilar manner the first Cumberland road act, which
is on the desk before me, committed to Mr. Jef-
ferson the execution of the duty and its continua-
tion westward, till it was stopped, was regulated
in the same manner; and though the sphere of loca-
tion was much more restricted in that case than in
this, stili the same principle was involved, for
neither of the termini of the road was established
by law.
It is easy to see what general principle will gov-
ern the President in the performance of this duty.
He will appoint competent, intelligent persons, en-
gineers or others, to make the necessary plans
and surveys and estimates, and these will be re-
turned to the proper Department, and after the
subject lias been fully investigated by the Presi-
dent, he will authorize the location of the road,
in part or in whole, as he thinks fit, and then com-
mit the general control to the Department, under
regulations approved by him. I confess, sir, I
would rather the bill contained a provision for the
appointment of commissioners by the President
and Senate, for the purposes of location; and if
any gentleman will move such a provision, with-
out any other clause to impede the object, I will
cheerfully vote for it, though I do not wish to in-
terfere myself with those having charge of the bill.
Such an arrangement should give to the President
full power to approve or disapprove the location;
still, with or without such a provision, I believe
the necessary information for the location of the
road will be procured by means of a commission.
The Senator from Virginia seemed to object to
this road, that there would be very little profit
from it. The question of pecuniary profit is one
which has no weight with me in the consideration
of this subject. My own expectations upon that
point are perhaps not higher than those of the
gentleman from Virginia. I have no great faith in
the prediction that the commerce of Asia with
America and Europe is to find its passage across
this route. I believe that there are serious obsta-
cles which will prevent such a change in the inter-
communication between the East and the West.
But I have learned not to speak too confidently
upon the developments of the future, though I
will say that this consideration will have no bear-
ing upon the vote which I shall give; that will be
influenced by what I consider more important
views.
One of the Senators—I do not recollect which—
but one of them has said during this discussion,
that the road is not needed for the purpose of de-
fense, because before it can be constructed Oregon
and California will be in a condition to defend
themselves against the world. In my opinion,
they are in that condition now. I believe it is
