712
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb 19,
many expressions of confidence m the President
elect. I at" not going to follow that example. I
voted for him, anil that is the best proof! could
give of my confidence in his qualifications. The
rest I leave to time, and with an unshaken trust in
the ability and patriotism of his administration.
But the question involved in this claim of juris-
diction is not one of confidence, but of the Con-
stitution. It is conceded that by the existing pro-
visions of the bill, if the President should believe
that Congress has the power to authorize the con-
struction of this road in a State, he may locate it
there, and that if he does not so believe, he will
not so locate it. That is no ground for my action.
B-lieving that Congress has no such power, I will
not transfer the right of decision to any Chief
Magistrate whatever. I must act uj>on my own
construction of the charter of our Government.
How, then, am I to vote for a bill which may be-
come constitutional or unconstitutional agreeably
to the opinion, not of the legislator, but of the
officer charged with its execution ? That is no
ground for just legislation. It is our duty to pass
such laws only as are clearly constitutional, and
for which we ourselves are responsible.
I do not desire longer to detain the Senate, but
I will merely repeat that I am anxious for the con-
struction of this road, and that I am prepared to
grant any reasonable amount of land and money
for that purpose within the limitations 1 have
mentioned.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I desire to ask
the Senator from Michigan a question. I am very
much inclined to follow him in a good many
things; in others I am not. If I understood him,
he would vote any quantity of the public lands to
construct a road, but he will not vote any money.
Several Senators. In a State.
Mr. JONES. Then he will vote no money in
a State. Now, I desire to ask the Senator whether
he voted to appropriate money to construct a canal
around the Falls of the St. Mary, in the State of
Michigan ? I do not know whether he did or not.
Mr. CASS. The honorable Senator could not
have heard me when I adverted to this topic a
few minutes since, but if he wishes it I will repeat
the difference between the two cases. [
Mr. JONES. Certainly.
Mr. CASS. It is simply this: The canal at
the Sault Ste. Marie was, every foot of it, to pass
through the public lands. There was not one
word in the bill conferring upon the United States
any jurisdiction whatever. The power to make
the canal was derived from that provision in the
Constitution which gives to Congress the right
to regulate and dispose of the public lands. It
was as clearly competent for them to do this as to
authorize a ditch to be dug in any part of the
property of the United States. There was no
assumption of power, no peculiar attribute granted
to the canal.
Mr. .TONES. The Senator says it had none of
the attributes attached to this road. It was a ditch
or canal. I do not know but that this road is a
ditch, and the only question I want to settle is,
whether it is constitutional to appropriate money
out of the Federal Treasury to dig a ditch in one
State when you cannot do it in another. That
is the only point.
Mr. CASS. I will ask the Senator another
question. It is simply this: Does he see no differ-
ence between the power of Congress to cut a canal,
or make a road, or throw up a bank upon its own
lands, works with no peculiar legal attributes, and
which give no jurisdiction to the General Govern-
ment, just as any other landholder might do, and
the power to go into Tennessee and thereto estab-
lish roads at pleasure, through every part of the
State, condemning the property of individuals, and
assuming jurisdiction over such roads, and pro-
tecting them by penalties to be enforced by their
own courts? If he does not, I do.
Mr. GWIN. I desire to ask the Senator from
Michigan a question. Suppose the terminus of
the road should be at Memphis, or the other side
of the State of Arkansas, and from there, until it
reached the Territories of the United States, if the
whole was public lands of the United States, would
he vote for the bill ?
Mr. CASS. The honorable Senator means to
ask if the United States can appropriate money to
improve their own land?
Mr. GYVIN. Within a State.
Mr. CASS. Within a State. I understand the
proposition, and I have not a shndow of doubt
that they have full authority to make such appro-
priations, just as any other land-owner might do.
They do it every day, for the purpose of sur-
veying the land, and for many oilier objects, with
which our statute-books are filled. The honor-
able Senator will recollect that the power to regulate
and dispose of the public lands is not terminated by
the admission of a Territory into the Union. It
continues as long as the United States holds the
property; and all the laws relating to its protec-
tion and disposition are in as full force at this
moment in Ohio as they are in Minnesota. This
right of regulation and disposition gives no polit-
ical power, and therefore, when the United States
make a road, or way rather, through their own
land in a State, such road is just in the same con-
dition, so f.ir as regards its legal attributes, as it
would be if made by an individual; and thus full
political jurisdiction is preserved to the States,
while the regulation and disposition of the public
lands continues in Congress.
Mr DODGE, of Iowa. Mr. President,! send
an amendment which 1 have to offer.
The PRESIDENT. To what part of the bill
does the Senator propose his amendment?
Mr. DODGE. 1 will just ask that it may be
read for the information of the Senate. It makes
but little difference as to which place it should
come in, and for myself, I do not want it to come
in at all. [Laughter.] It may come in anywhere,
but my wish is, nowhere.
Provided, That tiie eastern terminus shall not be south
ofSt- Louis, Missouri.
St. Louis and Memphis are two almighty great
cities situated on the Father of Waters, over in the
valley of the Mississippi, and each with numerous
other cities and growing towns expecting to be
made the terminus of this Atlantic and Pacific rail-
road; and the Senator from South Carolina, by
way of feeling the pulse of Senators, dividing the
friends of this bill and arousing sectional feeling,
I fear, has offered an amendment to fix Memphis
in the law as the eastern terminus of this road. I
saw with the deepest regret, that he succeeded in
winning the junior Senator from Tennessee [Mr.
Jones] to the support of his amendment, which,
if it had been adopted, must inevitably have brought
defeat to the bill—thus closing the door to all hope
of Memphis, or any other point, ever being its
eastern terminus. The Senator from Tennessee
[Mr. Jokes] gave as a reason why he should sup-
port the amendment of the Senator from South
Carolina, that if it were voted down, it would be re-
| garded by the President as a Senatorial or Congres-
' sional condemnation of Memphis. I differ from him
in that opinion; and offer my amendment for the
purpose of placing St. Louis in the same category as
Memphis. I am equally friendly to both of these
growing cities, but do not intend that either of them
should kill the Pacific railroad, if I can help it. I
will add, that if an amendment were to come from
an enemy of the bill fixing the terminus of the road
at the city of my own residence, or at that of my
colleague, I would stamp it with the verdict of
my condemnation.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. So would I. .
Mr. SEWARD. That is the right talk.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. No amendment that
1 comes from an avowed enemy of the bill shall re-
ceive my approbation. I seize the occasion to
volunteer my testimony to the strong feelings of
friendship and favor so repeatedly expressed by
the senior Senator from Tennessee [Mr. Bell]
in the room in which the Special Committee held
its meetings.
The Senator from Ohio [Mr. Chase] has the
honor of having first introduced an amendment
' which raised the sectional question. If I may be
allowed the expression—I make use of it respect-
1 fully to both—a Free-Soiler raised the first ques-
tion of that sort, and a fire-eater soon comes to
join him in the work of further exciting it. I was
prepared, if it had cometo that point, to vote against
the amendment of the Senator from Ohio, although
: it proposed to bring the road either to Independ-
ence, in Missouri, or to Kanesville, in Iowa. I
' want this amendment voted down, that St. Louis,
! Independence, Missouri, Kanesville, Iowa, Mat-
' asorda, Texas, southwest corner of Arkansas,
I Vicksburg, in Mississippi, and all other points
l named or thought of may stand alike. So far as the
| action of this Senate or Congress is concerned, I
1 want them all to stand alike and upon equal grounds
for presidential favor—none condemned, none rec-
ommended. If my humble voice could reach the
President, I would say to him, in considering and
deciding this matter, should it be left to him, dis-
regard nil little, miserable, humbug amendments
having their origin in local animosity or sectional
discord. Such I know, too, will be his course, and
that he will act upon it as a great question which
affects the destinies of millions of freemen, and of
generations yet unborn. The character of the
man and the place which he fills are all the guar-
antees I want.
Mr. DE SAUSSURE. I beg to repudiate the
compliment which is attributed to me. I really
do not live upon fire. [Laughter.] But I have
something more serious to say. It is this: that
the amendment which I offered was not offered in
the spirit which the honorable Senator supposes.
I did not suppose, at first, that this bill would be
carried; but if it is to succeed, 1 desire, at all
events, that the road should be carried through
that country where it will be most practicable,
and do the most good. I have not been an inat-
tentive observer of events recently. I have read
the accounts of many of the travelers who have
gone from here to the West. I have observed
that by what is called the South Pass, away down
to a very considerable southern latitude, for a great
many months the mountain passes are gorged
with snow, and filled, to the extent of from fifteen
to twenty feet in depth, with snow. When the
Senator from Illinois [Mr. Douglas] the other
day pointed out the beauties of that country,
where there were no " barrens," and when he
was describing to us the hardships of the emi-
grants, whose bones were whitening the soil, I
referred back to my reading, and found that this
was the fact, that they were traveling in a coun-
try—I take it from^remont's account—where the
ground was covered with snow, and they were
unable to procure the means of subsistence, and
where they were passing through sands, and
could procure no water. I am satisfied that if a
road is to be established from here to California,
it ought to be through the country which has been
designated upon the map—that is, through Albu-
querque, and leading to Memphis. 1 have be-
come entirely satisfied that that is the true route.
I became satisfied of it, because there are ob-
structions further north, which they will not be
liable to on the south of that line.
i It was, therefore, in no factious spirit at all, in
no improper spirit of opposition to the bill, that 1
! made the proposition. To be sure I did suppose
| that if the route was designated, and it was ascer-
{ tained that it would be as far south as Memphis,
I might safely count upon the votes of the Sena-
! tors from Tennessee. I did suppose, that other
j southern Senators might be found also to vote for
it, and to vote against the bill, unless the amend-
ment were adopted; but that it was intended main-
ly to influence them is not exactly what entered
into my contemplation. Sir, I do not boast of
being more national than other gentlemen, or quite
as national, perhaps, as some of my friends upon
this floor; but when a vast enterprise like this is
about to be undertaken, when the resources of this
country, not for one year or two, but ten or twen-
ty, involving the interests of such a very large
proportion of our people are at stake, I desire that
that enterprise shall be carried out in a way which
conduces best to the interests of all the parties
concerned. And I did apprehend that if without
designating this route the bill is passed, the power
passes out of the hands of the South to give the
direction to it. There is no chance hereafter to
locate it so far as the South, so far as Memphis is
I concerned.
Mr. CHASE. The amendment submitted by
me, some days rince, was offered in good faith.
I It was not voted on, for the bill of the Select Com-
mittee, now before us, was substituted for that of
the Senatorfrom California, then underdiscussion.
I certainly did not anticipate the necessity of say-
ing a word upon that amendment at this time, but
the remarks which have been made by the honor-
able Senator from Iowa, [Mr. Dodge,] however,
seem to require a few words from me.
The difference between that Senator and myself
is precisely this: I believe that it is the duty of
Congress to determine upon the location and ter-
mini of this road. He does not. I do not believe
that it ought to be referred to the President of the
' United States. He does. The amendment offered
