714
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 19,
stand to be a threat. The honorable Senator says
he is not a man of words, but is a man of action.
Well, all of us here who have served with him,
know that he is not a man of words, and nobody,
I believe, has called in question the fact that he is
a man of action. I think, therefore, it was un-
necessary, and I do not Bee how it was germane
to the occasion or at all provoked by what had
been said, for the honorable Senator to exhibit an
appearance of excitement and anger. With these
observations, I leave the subject.
Mr. ATCHISON, (Mr. Miller temporarily
occupying the chair.) I would inquire of the
Senator from Louisiana whether it is his object
to propose an amendment to this bill ?
Mr. SOULE. Prom the view which I have (
taken of the state of the debate, and of the dispo-
sition of the majority of the Senate, it would be
useless to do so, and therefore I have intimated
my intention to abstain from offering any amend-
ment; the bill may take i{s course. I had merely
expressed a wish to see the bill printed with the
amendments made on it. This seems too much
for the majority to concede. I have no power, nor
do I feel any inclination to resist its determina-
tion. But this night will not see the bill at its third
reading. I had intended no factious opposition to
its passage; but I doubt much, if instead of short-
ening the delays which it must necessarily under-
go, this will not rather prolong them.
Mr. GWIN. If the Senator will permit me, I
will state to him that I understood it as a mere sug-
gestion on his part. The printing of the bill was not
material to him, but it was a mere suggestion of his
own for his and other gentlemen's accommoda-
tion. He must not suppose that we mean any dis-
courtesy to him by insisting on the vote now. We
do it simply because we wish to decide the ques-
tion. I am sure there is not a Senator here whose
vote will be changed by the printing of the bill.
I can assure him that when he made the sugges-
tion to print the bill, and we exhibited a desire to
have a vote, it should not be construed by him as
an intention on our part to force the bill on him.
I know there was no such intention on my part, i
and I am sure there was not on the part of others.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Then again it must be re- i
membered that scarcely any amendments have ,
been made. One section has been stricken out, !
but the rest of the bill has been left almost in the
same language as it came from the committee.
Mr. BUTLER. I wish this fo be noticed,
however, that when a Senator from one of the
States of this Union says to a deliberative body of
his equals that he has an amendment which he
wishes an opportunity to submit, and upon which
perhaps he wishes to make a few remarks, the
Senate, by the temper of a majority, virtually pro-
hibits him from submitting that amendment which
the country might think much better than the bill
itself.
Mr. BRADBURY. I regret that the honorable
Senator from Louisiana [Mr. Soule] does not feel
warranted in proposing as a substitute for the
amendment under consideration the bill to which
he has referred. That bill, generally known as
the " Whitney bill," has the sanction of his judg-
ment. It was reported by the honorable Senator
from Texas, [Mr. Rusk,] from the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads, at the last session.
As reported by him, it provided for two roads, a
northern and a southern one, and proposed to set
"apart alternate sections of the public lands through
which the road should pass for thirty miles on
each side for their construction. The lands were
to be held by the Government, and sold only as
they should be needed to carry on the work; and
when the roads should be completed, the tolls for
freight were to be placed at the lowest rate neces-
sary to keep the roads in repair.
1 think this bill of Mr. Whitney, matured by
the Senator from Texas, proposes the most feasi-
ble and the best plan for carrying out the great en-
terprise of connecting the Atlantic and Pacific by
new channels of communication and commerce.
I believe it is the plan most likely to command
success, and that when completed the roads could
be placed on such footing, and the cost of freight :
be made so low, that we should be enabled to com- '
mand a large amount of the commerce of Asia i
across this continent, in addition to the other great i!
object of forming a connection with our possessions •
on the Pacific. I believe these roads can be built !
by the aid of the public lands, and I am willing to
| devote these lands to the extent it may be neces-
| sary to this object. It is perhaps the best use in
' our power now to make of them; better far than
: to have them absorbed in mere local schemes. I
am not prepared, in the haste of a closing session,
to vote a grant of $20,000,000 in money, in addi-
tion to the lands proposed in the amendment now
under consideration, and I think this is a feeling
that will be likely to influence many others, and
to defeat the measure in the House, even if it
should command a majority in the Senate. We
are not without data that may furnish some guide
in estimating the strength of the different plans
that have been proposed. The Legislatures of
twenty-one States have instructed their Senators
in Congress to vote for Mr. Whitney's bill,
and 
Mr. DOUGLAS, (interposing.) How many
States have rescinded those instructions?
Mr. BRADBURY. Mine has not, and none,
to my knowledge, in the portion of the Union from
which I come.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Illinois has.
Mr. BRADBURY. Then the Senator is able
to find one State that has receded from its firot
position. This shows that the plan has been dis-
cussed, and after the discussion, the instructions
of twenty States remain as an expression of the
sense of those States in favor of the plan proposed
by Mr. Whitney; and we are bound to believe
that this fact will have its influence on the decision
of the members who will be called to act on the
question. None of the other schemes have ever
had such multiplied expressions of the favor of
the people upon their merits.
Sir, the world is indebted to Mr. Whitney
more than to any other mail, for the great idea of
a railroad across the American continent. He
embodied and reduced the indefinite schemes on
this subject into something like system. He
gave them form and substance. He familiarized
the American mind with the subject, and taught
it to be regarded as a practicable measure. He
has devoted some ten or twelve years of an active
life to the attempt to arouse the people of the
United States to the importance and feasibility of
this vast enterprise, and it is due to him, as well
as to the twenty States who have declared them-
selves in favor of the plan proposed by him, that
it should receive our favorable consideration.
The amendments made as in Committee of the
Whole, except the one reserved at the request of
Mr. Chase, were concurred in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Tlie question
now is on the amendment reserved at the request
of the Senator from Ohio, which is to insert in the
fifth section, after the words " which proposals,"
the words " may be made by individuals or by
any body politic or corporate created for that pur-
pose by the Legislature of any State, and the
same."
Mr. CHASE. The Senate, by a decided vote,
determined that the construction of this work
should not be committed to a corporation created
by Congress. The question now is, whether it
shall be committed to a corporation created by a
State ? On that question I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. RUSK. I once heard of an Indian who said
he had found a tree which was so straight that it
leaned over. [Laughter.] I think the honorable
Senator from Ohio has got into just the same posi-
tion now. [Renewed laughter.] Can you prevent a
corporation created by a State coming in and bid- I
ding for this work ? if you want to build a ship or
a dock, can you prevent a company of individuals
chaitered by State laws, coming in and bidding
for it? I hope the amendment made by the Sen-
ate, as in Committee of the Whole, will be con-
curred in.
. The question being taken by yeas and nays, on
concurring in that amendment, resulted—yeas 27,
nays 10; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bell, Borland, Bradbury, Brooke, Cass,
Davi-. Dodgo of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Douglas,
Felell, Fish, Foot, Geyer, Gvvin, Hamlin, Houston, Jones
of Iowa, Jones of Tennessee, Miller, Husk, Seward,
Shields, Smilh. Spruance, Underwood, Wade, and Wel-
ler—27.
NAYS—Messrs. Bright, Brodliead, Charlton, Chase,
Dawson, Fitzpatrick, Pearce, Pettit, SonK, and Walker—
So the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. SHIELDS. I have an amendment to offer,
to come in at the sod of the third section, a* fol-
lows:
Provided, That no portion of the $40,000,000 to be ad-
vanced by the United States, shall be expended in, or
deemed to apply to, a road within the limits of any existing
State of the Union ; and so much of said road, if any, as
shall be located within any State of this Union shall be
made under the authority thereof, to be derived from the
State Legislature, and not otherwise.
I will not detain the Senate by a speech, but I
wish to say this: I was in hopes that some of the
friends of this bill would move to amend it before
it reached this stage, so as to confine the action
of the General Government on this subject to the
Territories, and leave the StateB to act with regard
to the road within their limits. Every member
of the Senate understands the amendment; and I
will not therefore consume time in debating it. I
simply ask for the yeas and nays upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr RUSK. All 1 have to say is, that the
adoption of this amendment will disjoint the whole
bill.
Mr. SHIELDS. I am as friendly to the bill as
the honorable Senator from Texas; but it has been
my impression that this bill would never have re-
ceived half the opposition which it has met with
if it were confined to the Territories, leaving the
States free to act upon the subject within their
own jurisdictions. The matter has been so ably
and so plainly placed before the Senate by the
honorable Senator from Michigan [Mr. Cass]
that I will not make a speech upon it.
Mr. BRIGHT. Absence from my seat during
the day has prevented me from participating act-
ively in the management of this bill; but, fortu-
nately, I am here in time to vote for this amend-
ment, and to tender to the honorable Senator from
Illinois [Mr. Shields] my thanks for having of-
fered it. The effect of it is to bring us back to
the point I raised at an early period in the discus-
sion of this project. I further tender my thanks to
the Senator who called for the yeas and nays upon
the amendment. I wish to see the vote recorded
upon it. I should like to see what gentlemen,
professing Democratic principles, who have here-
tofore drawn a line between themselves and a party
in this country known as the Whig party, who
have stood opposed to a general system of internal
improvements by the General Government, who
have subscribed to the theory laid down by An-
drew Jackson in his celebrated veto message,
now come forward and vote against this amend-
ment. The effect of the bill, as it now stands,
without some such limitation as is now proposed,
will be to launch the General Government upon a
general system of internal improvements, and to
land her, where many of the States have been,
under a similar system of legislation, in a position
of ruin and bankruptcy. The Senator from Cali-
fornia [Mr. Gwin] says we are rich. We are
rich, it is true, and to remain so we must look to
the Constitution as our guide on all such danger-
ous questions of power as this. As a legislator,
I desire to make that instrument the polar star to
guide me in my deliberations and acts here, even
though I subject myself to the imputation of be-
ing considered behind the times in so doing.
I am as anxious to see a line of communication
opened between the Mississippi valley and the
Pacific ocean as any Senator present, and I an-
nounced at an early stage of this discussion that I
held myself at all times ready and willing to vote
land without limit along the line of the route, but
that I would not vote money out of the National
Treasury for any such object. As a question of
power, I think it very clear that Congress cannot
apply money within the States for objects of inter-
nal improvements. When it comes to appropri-
ating money in the Territories, I admit there is
more room for doubt as to that power.
This bill not only raises a corporation within a
State through which the road passes, but goes into
detail so far as to prescribe on what terms and
conditions roads of a similar character, the prop-
erty of the States, shall connect with it, or pass
over it. Grant this power to Congress, and what
becomes of those reserved powers of sovereignty
belonging to every member of this Confederacy ?
Sanction this doctrine, and the States possess no
power, legislatively speaking, that may not be
rendered inoperative by the power of Congress.
But, Mr. President, this bill is premature. It
has come here out of time and season. Wisdom,
prudence, every consideration, seems, to my mind,
