718
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 19.
and send another in his place, and send another |
to Guatemala, and the two will receive a salary I
equal to that paid for a full mission. There is j
nothing to prevent it. But, sir, we have provided
for a full mission to Central America upon the
recommendation of the outgoing Administration,
and upon what ground do they recommend it'
Upon she ground that these two charges will not
be needed ir a full mission is established But
you propose to make provisions for the other
officers also. Now, it will not surely do for us to
have a full mission to Central America, and two
charges besides. I hope, therefore, the House
will strike them out. I will, however, so modify
my amendment as to strike out Nicaragua alone.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. 1 am opposed to the
amendment of the gentleman from North Caro-
lina for reasons which I have, in part, already
stated. The Secretary of State, in his report to
the President, in recommending this full mission
to Central America, puts it upon the ground that
the incoming Administration may deem it expe-
dient to do it. If they should, the amendment
which the committee have adopted will enable them
to accomplish that object; but if the incoming Ad-
ministration should think it best not to have a full
minister to these States, but should prefer to re-
tain the charges d'affaires at Guatemala and Nic-
aragua, I desire that it should have the means.
All I want is to retain both provisions in this bill,
and allow the incoming Administration to make
the election between them. I take it for granted
that the present Administration, with the usual
courtesy which it has observed, with one or two
exceptions, towards the incoming Administration,
would not undertake to advise this House to tie
its hands in respect to these missions. I want to
give them an election. I do not want them to be
forced to adopt the recommendation of those now
in power if their judgment is to retain the present
arrangement.
The question was then taken upon the adoption
of Mr. Stanly's amendment, and it was dis-
agreed to—ayes 58, noes 61.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I now offer
the amendment which I indicated a few minutes
ago as an independent section. I move the fol-
lowing:
For salary and outfit of a minister plenipotentiary to
Switzerland, 318,000: Provided, That the President may,
in his discretion, send a charge d'affaires, in which event
this provision shall not be enforced.
Mr. HOUSTON. The committee have already
Frovided for a charge d'affaires in Switzerland.
submit that this amendment is not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. TheChair is of the opin-
ion that the amendment is not in order, for the
reason that we have passed from the considera-
tion of the section of the bill providing for full
missions; and the effect of the gentleman's amend-
ment, if entertained, would be to recur to that sec-
tion, which would not be in order.
Mr. STANTON. If this amendment proposes
an alternative, to leave it to the discretion of the
President to send a charge d'affaires or a full
minister, as he may think proper, it is, therefore, ,
in my opinion, directly in connection with the
section now under consideration^
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the
amendment is not in order, and so decides. Does
the gentleman appeal ?
Mr. STANTON. No, sir; I will submit to
the decision of the Chair.
Mr. BROOKS. I move to strike out from this
section " Guatemala."
Mr. Chairman, I do not wish to embarrass the
incoming Administration in any form. The ma-
jority of this House and the other House will pro-
vide for whatever missions they choose to take
the responsibility of, and I shall throw no obsta-
cle in their way, but as we go along, I wish the
House to understand exactly where we are, and
what we are about to do, and are doing.
In the first place, we have to-day provided for a
full mission to Peru, instead of a charge; then for
a new charge to Switzerland, (with quite a large
vote for a new charge to Greece,) and a new full
mission to the States of Central America. This
is a very decided and a very emphatic increase of
our diplomatic staff. The argument for the Central i
America increase was, that it was necessary to
have some minister plenipotentiary in Central
America, and that there would be no increased ex-
pose, because we could dispense with the chargSs
for* Guatemala and Nicaragua and the $9,000 ad-
ditional expense for their salaries. Now, if the
majority of the House determine to keep up, in
addition to the full mission to Central America,
two charges d'affaires, one at Guatemala, and
another at Nicaragua, they have it in their power
to assume that responsibility, and I do not mean
to embarrass them in the exercise of it, fur-
ther than to say, that I deem such increased ex-
fense altogether uncalled for and unnecessary,
t is also necessary to understand that under this
provision as it now stands, it is clearly within the
power of the incoming Administration to establish
both this Central American mission and to continue
these two charges to the States of Central Amer-
ica I havenamed. If the incoming Executive thus
exercises his authority, it will be no stretch of au-
thority, and he will not subject himself to any
censure from the House for an abuse of power.
The amendment of the gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. Baylt] provides for the Central American
salary of full mission, but this section of the bill, as
it stands, provides for the full salaries of charges
d'affaires to Guatemala and Nicaragua. The
appropriations thus amount almost to a direction
upon the part of this House, that the President
shall continue these offices even when he creates
another. A large majority upon this side of the
House, however, voted for this full mission to Cen-
tral America, with the express understanding that
these two Republics of Guatemala and Nicaragua
should be stricken from the list of charges d'af-
faires, but now it is inserted. I see that they are to
be kept in, and thus Central America is to have a
full mission and two charges d'affaires. Another
word in reply to the remarks of the gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. Bayly,] and that is upon the con-
federation of Central America. Central America
has a political existence well known in Geogra-
phy, and well known in history; at times, it has
had a regular Federal Government, and at times a
sort of revolutionary Federal Government. I un-
derstand, even at the present moment, an effort is
being made in Central America to reorganize this
Central American Confederacy, in order to have a
similar form of government established as that
existing in Mexico and in the United States.
Whether they will succeed or not, I do not know.
I cannot undertake to say. I presume, however,
that in all probability they will meet with no suc-
cess in any of their efforts, because the people who
are attempting to establish a republican form of
government are not sufficiently trained in the re-
straints of self-government, to govern their inter-
ests or impulses themselves. Mr. Chairman, I
have sufficiently explained myself. I have now
made it clear that the bill, as it now stands, pro-
vides for a new full mission to Central America;
for a new full mission to Peru; for a new charge
d'affaires at Switzerland; while it also keeps up the
charges at Guatemala and at Nicaragua. I think
this is going faster and further than the public
necessities require.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BAYLY. I am surprised at the remark
of my friend from New York, that it was the un-
derstanding that if a full mission be provided for
Central America, Nicaragua and Guatemala
should be stricken out. I stated expressly that I
did not mean to strike them out, because I wish
to leave it to the incoming Administration to elect
whether he will have one full mission or two
charges d'affaires. Now, the gentleman says
that these charges can be sent to Guatemala and
Nicaragua even if a full minister is sent. I wish
to know if there is a case in the history of diplo-
macy where one nation has been permanently
represented at the same Court by a charge and a
minister? I know there are cases, such as the ne-
gotiation of the Ashburton treaty, where the reg-
ular minister was retained, and not dispensed with,
but left to assist the ambassador, sent for a spe-
cial purpose. But is there a case in the history of
the diplomacy of the United States where there
has been a full minister and a charge at the same
time ?
Now, sir, so far as this case is concerned, I shall
not take the responsibility of moving it. But con-
sidering the natureof our relations with Nicaragua,
more interesting at this time than with any part of
the habitable globe, 1 would, if I could have my
own desire, and if it could be done, send a charge
to every one of these five Republics; and I would
have a minister resident, a man of the highest
ord er of ability, to go around with them, and confer
with them in their negotiations. If I could have
my own way, I should be glad, in view of our
interesting relations in Central America, to have a
charge at every one of them, and a resident min-
ister—a full minister of the highest capacity—to
confer with them.
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment of Mr. Brooks, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, offered the fol-
lowing amendment to the clause under considera-
tion:
Provided, That the President at his discreuon may com-
mission and send to Switzerland a minister plenipotentiary
instead of the charge herein provided for.
Mr. LETCHER. I make the point that the
amendment is not in order.
Mr. STANTON. It is offered as a proviso to
the section under consideration.
The CHAIRMAN. TheChair has some doubt,
but will rule it in order.
Mr. STANTON. The appropriation is suffi-
cient if these two charges, now under discussion,
should not be sent to Central America, in addi-
tion to a'full minister, to send a full minister to
Switzerland.
Now, sir, I think, with the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Bayly,] that we ought to have a full
minister to the only important Republic upon the
continent of Europe; that we ought to pay this
much respect to republican feeling in that coun-
try. I think that is due to our republican sympa-
thies, due to our institutions', and due to our own
character. I agree entirely with the gentleman
from Virginia when he says that, privately, he is
in favor of a full minister, though officially he is
in favor of a charge—a distinction of character,
however, that I do not very well understand.
Mr. BAYLY. What I meant was, that, per-
sonally, I was in favor, but under instructions of
the Committee on Foreign Relations, as a mem-
ber of that committee, opposed.
Mr. STANTON. The gentleman says that
the committee has authorized him to go for a
charge, though individually he is in favor of a full
minister. I think that the republican feeling of
members of this House, if fairly expressed, would
exhibit itself in the adoption of that amendment.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am opposed to the amend-
ment, and desire to have the vote taken. I am
anxious to get through with the bill.
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment of Mr. Stanton, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON. I propose to amend the
clause under consideration by adding the follow-
ing:
And for the salary of a clerk to the United States lega-
tion at London, $800.
If the committee desires explanation on the
subject, I will have read a letter from the Secre-
tary of State, in which he urges this appropria-
tion, and informs us that from his experience, it
is impossible to get along without such a clerk.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
j ment was agreed to.
Mr. BAYLY. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs to offer an amendment
for the payment of Theodore S. Fay, the differ-
ence between the salary of secretary of legation
and that of chargc d'affaires, for the time during
several different occasions, when he discharged
the duties of the latter office.
The amendment was read, as follows:
" For the payment of Theodore S. Fay the difference
between the salary of secretary of legation and charg6 d'af-
faires, during the time, onseveraldifferentoccamons, he dig-
charged the duties of the latter office, $4,034 73; the same
to be m lieu of all former appropriations, and also, if re-
] ceived, in full for all diplomatic services rendered in that
capacity."
Mr. LETCHER. I rise to a question of order.
I ask if this is not a private claim, and if it is not,
whether it ought not to be in the deficiency bill,
instead of in this one?
Mr. BAYLY. It is not a private claim. It
has been the practice of our Government, when-
ever the minister was away, and the secretary of
legation has discharged his duty, to pay him as
charge, and appropriations have been uniformly
made in the civil and diplomatic bill for that pur-
pose. It is an appropriation to carry on our foreign
intercourse, and it has uniformly been included in
this bill.
