THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. €.
3'2d Congress, 1st Session.
SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 19, 1853.
New Series No. 46.
Mr. HOUS TON. The question of order is not
debatable, and I call the gentleman to order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair desired to hear
the facts from the gentleman, and he is inclined to
think that the amendment is in order, under the
latter clause of the 81st rule, as one of the contin-
gencies for carrying on a Department of Govern-
ment.
Mr. LETCHER. I take an appeal from the
decision of the Chair.
Mr. CLARK. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Virginia one or two questions.
The CHAIRMAN. That is (lot in order. The
Chair decides that the amendment is in order.
From that decision the gentleman from Virginia
takes an appeal. The question is, " Shall the de-
cision of the Chair stand as the judgment of the
committee?"
The question was put, and decided in the affirm-
ative.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. BAYLY. I will in a few words explain
that amendment. As I stated before the point of
order was raised, it has been the uniform prac-
tice—I could cite more than a hundred instances—
that where the secretary of legation is left in
charge of the legation, does the duties of charge,
he received the difference between his pay as sec-
retary and that of charge. When he has to
perform the duties of charge he has to incur ad-
ditional expenses. He is not, for instance, per-
mitted to go to see the officers of Government in
a hack, but he must go in his own coach, and he
cannot represent the Government without addi-
tional expense. We have allowed it in the case
of Mr. Rush, and in hundreds of cases since,
which I could enumerate if my five minutes would
allow. This amendment only provides to pay
Mr. Fay the difference between the salary of
charge and that of secretary of legation, when he
performed the duties of charge.
At the last session of Congress there was an
appropriation made in the civil and diplomatic
bill of $600 to pay this gentleman, with the pro-
viso that if he received it from the Treasury, it
should be in full of his claim. That proviso was
put in by the Committee on Ways and Means
under a misapprehension of the state of the facts.
Mr. SKELTON. How long has this claim
been standing, and how many of the same kind
have we standing back to be thrust upon us?
Mr. BAYLY. But a short time; I think since
1848. The Secretary of State has recommended
this appropriation, and we, at the last session of
Congress, restricted the appropriation, under the
supposition that he was charging for acting as
charge d'affaires while the minister was absent on
visits of pleasure, and when one of the ministers
(Mr. Hannegan) was absent, and could not do
duty. But such was not the fact. It provides for
paying him only for the time when he actually
acted as charge d'affaires. I
I am the more anxious to pass this appropria-
tion, because it was from my own misapprehen- 1
sion of the facts that the injustice was done last
session. i
Mr. JVIcMULLIN. I regret to differ with my
colleague, but if it be true, as is stated by him, j
that it has been the policy of the Government here- l|
tofore to pay those claims, it is time now that the j
abuse was corrected. Sir, if my recollection serves |
me correctly, this same claim was before the last j
Congress. If the Government is to establish the I]
policy that when the charge is absent, full pay of Ij
charge is to be given to the secretary, you will make j!
it a matter of interest to the charge to go off on trips j
of pleasure, and make it the interest of the secre-
tary to act as charge. Sir, I ask this committee
if the secretary, when he accepts his situation as
such, did not do it with the understanding, and
with the knowledge of the fact that in the absence
of the charge he will discharge his duties? There
can be no doubt about it; and if it is true, as stated
by the gentleman from Virginia, that we are in the
habit of making appropriations for this purpose,
we should put a stop to the abuse now.
The House was then divided upon the amend-
46
ment of Mr. Bayly; and there were—ayes 51;
when
Mr. BAYLY called for tellers; which were
! ordered; and Messrs. Parker of Indiana, and
Gaylord appointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers
reported—ayes 72, noes 53.
So the amendment was adopted.
Mr. SACKETT offered the following amend-
ment:
Provided, In case the President of the United States
shall elect to send a full minister to Central America, as is
provided herein, no charge d'affaires shall be sent to any of
the States of Central America, and that office shall from
such time cease to exist.
Mr. HOUSTON. I rise to a question of order.
We have already passed from the paragraph to
which this amendment is properly applicable. I
therefore object to it, as out of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the
j amendment out of order upon a different ground.
The committee has already voted upon an amend-
ment of exactly the same description.
Mr. SACKETT. I think the Chair, upon refer-
ence to the bill, will see that he is mistaken.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is out of order.
!| Mr. SACKETT. The previous amendment is
j! not of the same character as the one offered by
1 me.
TheCHAIRMAN. The Chair rules the amend-
ment out of order.
The following item was read by the Clerk: i
" For contingent expenses of all the missions abroad, i
$40,000." |
Mr. SKELTON. I move to strike out that
paragraph of the bill. I am unwilling to vote
away this large sum of money for contingent ex-
penses without knowing what they are for. I find
that there is a number of similar items in the bill,
and I would be glad to hear from any gentleman
an explanation of them.
Mr. BAYLY. I will explain to the gentle-
man.
Mr. HOUSTON. This item is all right. It
has been in every bill fat the last forty years.
! Mr. BAYLY. This item, as has been said by
j the gentleman from Alabama, has been in every
civil and diplomatic appropriation bill for the last
forty years. The gentleman from New Jersey
| wants to know for what purpose the appropri-
ation is made. There are a hundred contingent
| expenses attending our missions abroad which
| cannot be foreseen, but for which regular vouch-
ers have to be presented at the Department before
j paid. Suppose a minister has to employ an ex-
press to carry a dispatch, which it is important
his Government ought to receive, should there not
be money at his command to do so ? Gentlemen j
on reflection can conjecture the many contingen- j
cies that may arise requiring funds on the part of
the minister. j
Mr. SKELTON. I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. STANLY. After the item: J
" For contingent expenses of all the missions abroad,
,$40,000,"
I move to add the following proviso: |
Provided, That charges d'affaires shall not be sent to |
Guatemala or Nicaragua, should the charges at Nicaragua
return to the United States, in the contingency referred to , j
by the Secretary of State in his letter of February 16,1853." i
Mr. HOUSTON. Is not the reception of that |
amendment equivalent to returning to a section we 1
have passed ? I have voted with the gentleman on i
all of these appropriations.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of the opin- J
ion that the amendment would be in order at the I
end of the previous section.
Mr. STANLY. The remarks of the honor-
able chairman of the Committee on Foreign Af-
fairs has satisfied me that this proviso is exceed-
ingly necessary. The gentleman says, if I un-
derstand him, that the incoming Administration j
ought to have the privilege of sending either a ,
charge d'affaires or a full minister, which we have
authorized in another section; and then that he
thinks it would be a very good thing to send a I,
charge d'affaires to each one of the five States of il
Central America, and a full minister to superin-
tend the whole of them, or to travel about, and so
forth, as he mentioned. [Laughter.] Why have
we made a full mission? We have made a full
mission on the recommendation of the President
and Secretary of State. And what does the Sec-
retary of State say in the communication received
last evening, and which I have before me? The
following is the last paragraph but one of his let-
ter:
"Nothing would be added to the expense of our diplo-
matic relations with Centra] America, heyoivd the outfit,
by substituting a fall minister for two of the lower rank. It
may be stated that our charge d'affaires to Nicaragua has
already been directed, on a contingency of not improbable
occurrence, to return to the United States, and that the
appointment of a charge d'affaires to Guatemala has been
revoked."
This Administration has already revoked the
charge d'affaireship to Guatemala, for reasons re-
ferred to in that communication; and it has condi-
tionally recalled the charge d'affairesat Nicaragua.
Suppose that contingency occurs, then the present
; charge d'affaires at Nicaragua will be recalled; but
yet you leave the power in the next Administra-
tion to send one to Guatemala and oneto Nicaragua,
| and after they have been there twelve or eighteen
months, to call them home and send out a full min-
ister, against the sense of Congress. What possi-
ble objection can there be to the addition of this pro-
viso in order to express the sense of this House,
and thesenseof the Administration making the rec-
ommendation? 1 shall make no factious opposi-
tion. I have voted for full ministers to Peru and
Switzerland, and 1 have voted for a full minister
here, for the benefit of some of the friends of the
incoming Administration. Let them have it. I
dare say that they are entitled to it, but I hope
that proper men will be selected. I take it for
granted that will be the case. I only desire that
the country shall know what the House intends,
and I hope that the proviso will be adopted.
The CHAIRMAN. On reading the amend-
ment of the gentleman from North Carolina, the
Chair is of the opinion that it is not in order.
Mr. STANLY. On what ground ?
The CHAIRMAN. On the ground that the
j committee have passed from the consideration ef
the branch of the subject to which it relates.
Mr. STANLY. We are now acting* on appro-
priations with reference to foreign ministers.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I wish the Chair
would withhold his decision until I can reply to
the gentleman from North Carolina. I am very
anxious to answer what he has said.
Juries of" Order!"]
The CHAIRMAN. In the first instance the
Chair was of the impression that the amendment
was in order; he is now of the opinion that it is
not in order.
Mr. STANLY. From the decision of the Chair
I take an appeal, for my amendment certainly re-
lates to the foreign affairs of the country.
  The CHAIRMAN. At the time the Chair
decided that the amendment was in order he sup-
posed the committee was still considering the sec-
tion ending with line 776. The Chair now un-
derstands that when the amendment was submitted
the committee had passed from that section, and
was considering the one ending with line 778,
which is a separate and distinct paragraph.
Mr. STANLY. My amendment relates to
foreign missions.
The question was then put, " Shall the decision
of the Chair stand as the judgment of the com-
mittee?" and it was agreed to, there beijig on a
division—ayes 62, noes 56.
The following paragraph was then read by the
Clerk:
" For salary of the commissioner to the Sandwich Isl-
ands, $3,000."
Mr. BAYLY. I move to strike out of that
paragraph "S3,000," and to insert instead
" $5,000."
It will be recollected, Mr. Chairman, that at
the last session of Congress the appropriation for
the commissioner at the Sandwich Islands was
raised from $3,000 to $5,000 at the earnest recom-
