722
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 19,
mendation of the State Department.# It was rep- I
resented by the Department that in consequence
of the great importance of our interests in the
Pacific ocean, and the expenses ofliving on those
islands, the commissioner ought to receive $5,000
galary. Well, sir, since the discovery of gold in ,
Australia, the importance of our commerce with
the Sandwich Islands has increased, and I take it
for granted that the expenses of living have cer-
tainly not decreased, if they have not augmented.
And I do not know how it was, when the De-
partment earnestly recommended this salary
should he raised to $5,000 per annum, and when
it was raised by the House, that in sending their
estimates to the Committee on Ways and Means
they only estimated for §3,000.
Mr. HOUSTON. The salaries of foreign min-
isters depend altogether on the appropriations. At
the last session this salary was raised to $5,000,
and I then considered Congress as establishing the
amount intended to be paid; but the estimates sent
to the Committee on Ways and Means were only
for $3,000, and, as a matter of course, the com-
mittee did not report any more.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was adopted.
Mr. GAYLORD. I move to amend the section
just read by adding to it the following:
And that the further sum of ^I/IOO be, and tile same is
hereby, appropriated tor the purpose of enabling the Presi-
dent iif tlie Tinted St-ites to send a commissioner to the
Sandwich Islands, to lnqnire into tlie expediency of in-ti-
lutuig negotiations for the acquisition of said islands by the
United States.
I desire a test of the sense of the committee on
that amendment.
Mr. GOODENOW. I submit that the amend-
ment is not in order, on the ground of irrelevancy
to the clause under consideration. There is no law
authorizing such an appropriation.
The CHAIRMAN. As the Chair understands
there is no law for the regulation of our foreign
intercourse, the Chair rules the amendment to be
out of order.
The following item was next read by the Clerk:
"For interpreters, guards, and other expenses of the
consulates at Constantinople, Smyrna, and Alexandria,
$1,500."
Mr. HOUSTON. I move after the word
" Smyrna," to insert the word "Candia," and
after the word "Alexandria," to strike out the
sum of " $1,500," and in lieu thereof insert
"^2,000."
1 have before me letters from Mr. Webster and
Mr. Everett recommending this amendment, i
which may be read if desired. I
The question was taken on the amendment, and |
it was agreed to.
Mr. STANLY. I move to amend the clause
appropriating for the salary of the consul general
at Alexandria, by striking out " $3,000 " and in-
serting " $5,000."
Mr. Chairman, I know that this sum is inade-
quate, and I offer this amendment,although it may
benefit some Democraticgentleman who may come
in hereafter and hold that place. I think that the
honor and interests of this country require that
the salary should be increased. At present it is
not large enough. 1 hope the committee will in-
crease it to $5,000.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. We have rib
other representative of the Government in Egypt
than the consul at Alexandria. The great line of
communication now across the continent, orfrom
Europe to Asia, passes through Egypt. Many of
our citizens annually travel that route, and 1 am
inclined to think that the salary of the consul there
should be raised, there being no other representa-
ative of our Government in that quarter of the
■world.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Stan-
ly's amendment, and there were—ayes 71, noes
46.
Mr. BAYLY. In the confusion which pre-
vailed here, it escaped my attention that we had
passed by the provision for the commissioner re-
siding at China. There is no outfit provided.
Mr. STANLY. There is no objection to his
going back.
Mr. HOUSTON. I object.
The following clause was then read:
"For salaries and commissions of registers of land offices
and receivers of public moneys, ,$141,700 "
Mr. HALL. I offer the following amendment,
to come in at the end of the section:
Provided, That whenever tin* amount received at any ,
United Slates land office, under the ihird section of an act
entitled An act to make land warrants assignable and tor 1
other purposes," approved .March '20, IKV2, lias exceeded
or shall exceed the amount which the registers and receiv
ers at any such office are entitled to receive under said
third section, the surplus winch shall remain atter paying
the amount so due as atoresaid to said registers and receiv-
er^, shall be paid ink) the Treasury of tlie United States, as
other public moneys.
The third section of the act of 22(1 of March
provides that the receivers and registers of the
land olvices shall, for locating military land war-
rants, receive the same fees which were allowed
for cash entries. There was no provision made,
however, to dispose of the excess of fees over the
$3,000—the maximum allowed to he retained by
those officers. The land officers asked that it be
paid to them. I propose that it shall be paid into
the Treasury of the United States.
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment, and it was agreed to.
The following clause was then read:
" For surve> mc the public lands, including incidental ex-
penses and special survejs, demanding augmented rates,
to be applied and apportioned to the several distuetsac-
cordinc to the exigencies of the public service, (the part to
be applied to the resurveys required by the location and
survey of private claims in Florida to be disbursed at a rate
not exceeding five dollars per ntile,) in addition to the un-
expended balances of former appropriations, $L15,0OU."
Mr. SUTHERLAND. 1 move to strike out
the whole of that clause. Had it been in order
to have done so on one motion,! would have
moved to strike out all the appropriations in this
bill for future surveys and other expenses con-
nected with the public lands, amounting to about
eight hundred thousand dollars, exclusive of the
appropriations for the government of the Territo-
ries. I make this motion now for the purpose of
saying a word or two ill relation to this question
of the public lands, which I may not have an op-
portunity to do hereafter. It is evident—indeed,
it has been taken for granted, and claimed by every
one who has taken the floor to advocate any of the
measures of this Congress for getting rid of the
public lands, that they must soon cease to be a
source of revenue. I question whether, even now,
in these days of speculation, when the receipts
from the sales of public lands, considering the im-
mense number of acres heretofore thrown into
market by the bounty land acts and by grants to
the land States, railroad companies, and individu-
als, as gratuities, must be mostly the result of
speculation, whether th& annual receipts from the
sales are equivalent to all the annual expenses con-
nected with, and growing out of, their manage-
ment and disposition. There have been already
granted away, without pecuniary consideration,
a great portion of it within the last five years,
over onehundied millions of acres.
Th^re are now pending in this House and in
the Senate various measures, railroad bills, and
other bills, exclusive of the homestead bill and
Bennett's bill, (so called,) to dispose of and force
at once into the market at least sixty millions of
acres more. Bennett's bill, which has passed this
House, and is now in the Senate, disposes of about
: sixty millions of acres more. The homestead
i bill, which passed this House with a rush, and is
now hanging in the Senate between conservatism
and the Constitution on the one side, and certain
principles and interests unnecessary to be speci-
i fied on the other, may be said, if it becomes a law,
to dispose of the whole remainder of the public
domain as a charity to the landless, for their ben- j
efit and the benefit of the land States, erected and j
to be erected. In addition to these measures, Mr. J
; Chairman, passed and pending, the Senate a few ;
days since passed a bill extending preemption i
rights to all the public lands unsurveyed as well |
as surveyed, and to all the reserved land in the j
land States, and even to the reserved sections re- j
served or retained by the Government in the rail- \
road grants. Now, it must be borne in mind, Mr.
! Chairman, and I mention it now merely as evin-
[ cing the strong determination to get the whole of
[I the public domain out of the hands of the Gen-
j' eral Government, and deprive it of all revenue
I1 therefrom, that although some of these land meas-
ures are wholly inconsistent with each other, yet
they receive the support and votes of the same
honorable members. As for instance, the railroad
bills which require the roads to be built and the
lands granted to be sold within ten years, and the
homestead bill, which will take away the very
settlers wanted for the railroad lands, are advoca-
ted and voted for by the same honorable gentle-
men . Indeed, such was the anxiety and deter-
mination exhibited here a few days since by the
friends of some of the railroad bills granting lands
for particular roads to press them through the
House, that they were willing to have appended to
them, and pass as an amendment, even Bennett's
land bill in substance and effect, although that meas-
ure, as I have stated, had long before passed this
House, and was then and is yet awaiting action
in the Senate, and although it would be difficult to
devise a measure more directly opposed to the in-
terest of the States in which the railroads were to
be constructed, or to all the grounds upon which
these railroad grants have been asked for and ad-
vocated. And my colleague, [Mr. Dean,] and
other honorable members, brought down upon
them the wrath and repeated denunciations of the
Republic by defeating legitimately, and according
to the rules and practice of the House, this extra-
ordinary combination of opposing interests.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. The rule allowing five minutes de-
bate must be confined to an explanation of the
amendment, and not to discussion of subjects out-
side of railroad bills.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is inclined to
the opinion that the remarks of the gentleman
from New York are in order, for he may apply
them to show that the surveys should not be
made.
Mr. SUTHERLAND. Precisely so. 1 am
not discussing, I did not rise to discuss, the land
question or the right or wrong of these land meas-
ures. It is true that I am opposed to all of them,
even to the bill of my honorable friend and col-
league, [Mr. Bennett,] for reasons which it
would not be in order to state now. But it is in
order for me, in view of the facts to which I have
called the attention of the committee, to ask them
—to ask the country—whether this wholesale,
inconsistent system of disposing of the public
domain is to be continued; and if so, whether they
will not cost more than they will come to; wheth-
er, if the old land system is wholly to be abandoned,
and the Government is no longer to look to the
public domain as a source of revenue, we ought to
go on expending millions upon millions in making
surveys and extinguishing Indian titles, princi-
pally at the expense of the old States, long before
the lands are required for settlement; whether, in
fact, the appropriations in this bill for thecontinu-
ance of these surveys ought not to be striken out.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. CLINGMAN. I object to the amendment,
because it is the means of getting up another Bun-
combe debate in the House. We were entertained
yesterday during the whole day by Buncombe
speeches upon a subject which every member un-
, derstood perfectly; and 1 wish to say to the gen-
tleman from New York, as I am the only proper
1 representative of Buncombe here, that the citizens
of that district understand this whole land ques-
tion thoroughly, and the rights of the East and
the West, and they do not want to hear anything
more upon the subject. If the gentleman will al-
low us to go on and get through with the bill to-
day, next week we can get up some fresh subjects,
which my constituents in Buncombe would like
to hear something about. I do hope that gentle-
men will not press upon us any more amendments
of this kind.
The question was then taken on Mr. Sot-her-
i land's amendment, and it was rejected. •
\ Mr. HOUSTON. I propose the following
j amendment, to come in at the end of the clause, ft
explains itself, as the committee will see when it
is read.
The amendment was then read, as follows:
For resurveys and examinations of the surveys of the
public lands in those Stales where the offices of the sur-
veyor general have or shall be closed, under the acts of J2tb
of June, 1840, and 23d of January, 1853. including $2,000
for the salary of the clerk detailed on this special service iu
the General Land Office, the sum of$15,000.
That amendment is intended to provide for this
case, in 1840 a law was passed authorizing, un-
der certain circumstances, a survey of districts of
land, and providing that the land offices in certain
States be abolished and discontinued. We have
amended that law at this session of Congress. In
January we passed a law requiring, under certain
circumstances, that offices in the States should be
abolished. The Department now want a small
