1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
723
appropriation for the purpose of enabling the Gen-
eral Land Office here to have lines retraced when- j
ever it may be necessary in those States where i
there is no land office. Every gentleman who
lives in a new State, and who has made himself
acquainted with such matters, will remember that j
there are resurveys to be made, and there being
no offices in the State, a simple fund is necessary 1
to enable the Department here to have it done.
Mr. TAYLOR made an inquiry, which was
entirely inaudible to the Reporters.
Mr. HOUSTON. The measure I propose does
not change the law of ten years ago and the law
of last January. They require that the books and
papers of every description shall be turned over to
«ome other office, and they are there preserved.
The question was then taken on Mr. Hods-
ton's amendment, and it was agreed to.
Mr. TAYLOR. I offer the following amend-
ment:
For the purpose of providing, in snch mode as the Secre-
tary of the Interior may direct, a fire proof building at Ohil-
icothe, Ohio, in which the public records of the land offices
now kept at that place, may be safely preserved, $ .
I wish this to succeed the amendment of the
gentleman from Alabama. [Mr. Houston.] I de-
sire only to make a few remarks.
Mr. HOUSTON.. My amendment is adopted.
I understand that is to complete a fire-proof build-
ing for the purposes of Government. Now, if
that is so, [ will make the point of order. j
Mr. TAYLOR. I only want to make a sug- I
gestion before the Chair decides the point of order. |
The act of 1840, to which the gentleman refers,
discontinues offices in Ohio without making any
provision for preserving the records.
Mr. HOUSTON. The books and papers are
turned over to another office.
Mr. TAYLOR. 1 make the suggestion to the
Chair that it is not to build fire-proof offices there,
but to make provisions for preserving the books
and records.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of the opin-
ion that the amendment is not in order.
Mr. SUTHERLAND. I move to strike out
the following clause of the bill, viz:
" To defray the expenses of examining and correcting old,
imperfect, and defect surveys in the northern part of the
lower peninsnla of Michigan, $3,000."
Mr. Chairman, the gentleman from North Car- '
olina, [Mr. Clingman,] if he intended to charge
me with having made a speech for Buncombe, has j
done me injustice. Mr. Chairman, I have made Jj
this motion to enable me to add a word or two to
what I said a few moments since in relation to the
land measures of this Congress, and to the expe-
diency and injustice of making further appropria-
tions for surveys of the public lands, if these land
measures are to be carried out, and to be followed
up by other like measures as a system.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I desire to say one word
of explanation. The gentleman from New York
misunderstood me. I did not say that he had
made a Buncombe speech. I objected to his
amendment. I said that it would be mischievous,
, ments to the Constitution be a part of our prog-
ress.
I have made these general remarks for the pur-
pose of concluding with this suggestion; whether,
rather than to continue these enormous appropri-
ations for surveys and other annual expenses of
the public lands, mainly at the expense of the old
States, rather than to continue the system of legis-
lation of this Congress, and for a few years past,
in relation to the public lands, at the expense of
the Constitution and the rights of States, it would
not be better at once to release to the several land
States all the lands belonging to the United States
within them, on condition that they should not
ever thereafter call upon the General Government
for any appropriations for internal improvements.
The suggestion may possibly serve as a hint to
some one who may feel disposed to bring forward
hereafter some measure for disposing of this diffi-
cult land question, which has consumed so much
of the time of this Congress, and is likely to give
so much trouble in the future.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HOUSTON. I would not object, if we had
time enough, to any discussion which the gentle-
man from New York might see fit to bring up,
upon this or any other bill. But we have not got
time to appropriate to the discussion of the sub-
ject which the gentleman is presenting to the con-
sideration of the committee.
A Member. Then stop speaking yourself, and
let us vote.
Mr. HOUSTON. The minds of the members
of this House, I have no doubt, are entirely made
up upon the subject of this amendment. They
know whether they intend to prosecute the public
surveys or not. As I desire to progress with the
bill, I am perfectly willing to leave the question
to the committee, without replying to the remarks
of the gentleman from New York. I only ask
them to vote down his amendment.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Suther-
land's amendment, and it was rejected.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Ways and Means to offer the following
amendment:
To defray the expenses incurred of a geological recon-
noissance in Oregon, undertaken in the year 1851, under
instructions from the Department of the Intenor, and in-
trusted to Doctor I. Evans, $11,984 35. i
I will only say that the amount embraced in
that amendment is for a deficiency—a debt abso-
lutely due now to the gentleman who prosecuted ;
that geological survey.
Mr. LANE. I move to amend the amendment
of the chairman of the Committee on Ways and
Means, by adding thereto the following:
For completing the geological reconnaissances in Oregon,
j $5,000.
Mr. Chairman, I am very much in hopes that
there will be no opposition to this amendment, and
as I have no wish to consume time, I am content
i to leave it to the committee to vote upon it, with-
out making any remarks. I will only say that
this amount of money will complete the survey,
and that it is necessary for the whole country that
because it had a tendency to get up a Buncombe I Tt should be mTde, a£d ^
e * e" Territory. I hope the committee will adopt mv
amendment.
debate.
Mr. SUTHERLAND. Mr. Chairman, it is
evident that the extension of our territory, the I
erection and admission of new Territories and
States, their wants, interests, claims, and influ-
ence, have a tendency to lead, and have in fact j
led, tog practical extension of the powers of the I
Government in the disposition of the public lands, '
and making internal improvements in the States,
to a degree neverdreamed of by the framers of the
Constitution. It is very evident that it is for the
interest of the new States to get all the public
lands; and it is equally evident that it is for their
interest to have their rivers and harbors improved
at the expense of the United States. The doc-
trines of strict construction, and of State-Rights,
cannot flourish much in new States. If the nation-
ality of a proposed internal improvement is to be
determined by the number of votes it can get in
Congress, it is very evident that the constitutional
power of the Government to make internal im-
provements can be stretched out to any extent to
meet the wants and interest of every new accession
of territory, and that it will be so stretched out.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I am in favor of legitimate
progress, but not of progress at the expense of
the Constitution. If it is necessary; let amend-
) The question was then taken upon the amend-
j ment to the amendment, and it was agreed to.
' The question recurred upon the amendment as
J amended, and being put, it was decided in the
affirmative.
So the amendment as amended was agreed to.
The following clause being under consideration,
viz:
"For the extension of the United States Capitol,
$600,000,"
Mr. CLINGMAN said: I desire to offer Ihe
following amendment, to come in at the end of
that clause:
For the purchase of the statue of America, to be executed
by Hiram Powers, in whatever manner he shall think pref-
erable, the sum of $20,000, to be expended under the direc-
tion or the President of the United States.
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask if that amendment is
in order?
Mr. CLINGMAN. It is but continuing the
appropriation.
Mr. HOUSTON. It has no connection with
continuing an appropriation for work already com- j
menced. I believe it was ruled out of order in the
Senate. |
j Mr. CLINGMAN. The gentleman has no
right to refer to what takes place in the Senate.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. Besides, that
was to the deficiency bill.
Mr. CLINGMAN. It may have been ruled
out of order in the Senate as an amendment to the
deficiency bill. But we are now appropriating a
very large sum of money for the extension of the
Capitol 
1 he CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Alabama insist on his question of order'
Mr. HOUSTON. I do.
The CHAIRMAN. Tiienthe Chair feels con-
strained to rule the amendment out of order.
^ Mr. CLINGMAN. I appeal from tiiat decis-
ion, and though I have no right to aigue it, I
have a right to state the grounds of my appeal.
We are appropriating a large sum of money for
the extension of the Capitol 
The CHAIRMAN. That is debating it. The
gentleman can stale the grounds of his appeal, but
he has no right to debate it.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I appeal from the decision
of the Chair, upon the ground that what my
amendment provides for is a part of the Capitol,
a permanent fixture.
The CHAIRMAN. Thegentleman from North
Carolina offers ati amendment which has been
read in the hearing of the committee. A question
of order is raised on it by the gentleman from Ala-
bama, [Mr. Houston.] The Chair decides the
amendment to be out of order, as it is not embraced
within either of the three classes provided for in
the 81st rule. From that decision the gentle-
man from North Carolina appeals, and the ques-
tion is, "Shall the decision of the Chair stand as
the judgmentof the committee?"
The question was then taken, and it was de-
cided in the affirmative.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained, and
the amendment ruled out of order.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. 1 offer the fol-
lowing as an amendment to the clause now under
consideration:
And that $20,000 of the foregoing sum be applied to the
purpose of employing Hiram Powers to execute an em-
blematic statue of America, to be placed under the direction
of the President in some part of the wing3 of the Capitol.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that that
amendment is out of order.
Mr. STANTON. Allow me to say a word
with reference to this matter. I appeal from the
decision of the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. Thegentleman from Ken-
tucky appeals from the decision of the Chair
ruling his amendment out of order.
Mr. STANTON. I desire to state the grounds
of my appeal. The $600,000 proposed to be ap-
propriated by this clause for the extension of the
Capitol, is designed not only for the substantial
parts of the work, but also for the ornamental
part. This amendment proposes to divert $20,000
of the appropriation to the execution of a piece of
statuary by an American artist. Of course, if
you can appropriate money for the substantial
parts of the work, you can appropriate money for
the ornamental parts.
The CHAIRMAN. The appeal is not debata-
ble. Statuary is no part of the public works.
. Mr. STANTON. Then I think we had better
take down the statues about this Hall.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky offers an amendment which has been read
in the hearing of the committee. The Chair rules
the amendment out of order. From that decision
the gentleman from Kentucky appeals, and the
question is, " Shall the decision of the Chair stand
as the judgment of the committee?"
The question was then taken, and it was decided
in the affirmative.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained, and
the amendment ruled to be out of order.
Mr. PITCH obtained the floor.
Mr. CLINGMAN. 1 will modify my amend-
ment so as to make it in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from In-
diana is entitled to the floor.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Well, I desire to have an
opportunity of offering the amendment before this
clause is passed.
Mr. PITCH. I move the following amend-
ment as a proviso to the same clause of the bill
providing for the extension of the Capitol:
ProvUtd, That none of the money h«raby appropriated,
