724
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 19,
or remaining unexpended of former appropriations, shall
be expended, or its expenditure anticipated by the con-
traction of debts to be paid from it before tile fiist of April
next.
Mr. HOUSTON. I would suggest to my friend
from Indiana to withdraw that amendment, and
provide for this matter somewhere else. This
money cannot, any of it, be expended until the
first of July next.
A Member. That proviso ia attached to the
deficiency Mi-
Mr. FITCH. If that proviso is attached to
the deficiency bill, I will withdraw my amend-
ment, with the consent of the committee.
There was no objection, and the amendment
was withdrawn.
Mr. CLINGMAN. The amendment of the
gentleman from Indiana being withdrawn, 1 now
move to amend that section by adding to the end
thereof the following, viz:
Twenty thousand dollars, to be expended in removing the
statue of the Indian s(|uaw in the eastern portico ot the
Capitol, and substituting therefor a statue of \merica, to be
executed by Hiram Powers, under the direction of the Pres-
ident of the United States.
Mr. HOUSTON. I rise to a question of order.
I ask whether that amendment is in order?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair cannot de-
termine whether it is in order or not until the
gentleman reduces his amendment to writing.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Very well; I will reduce it
to writing.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair, however, will
save the gentleman that trouble by deciding his
amendment to be out of order. It is substan-
tially the same thing which has already been ruled
out of order.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I will take an appeal from
the decision of the Chair. I draw this distinc-
tion 
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman must rec-
ollectthat the appeal is not debatable. The amend-
ment must, however, be reduced to writing before
an appeal can be taken.
Mr. CLINGMAN. To save the time of the
committee, I will withdraw the appeal and the
amendment, with the consent of the committee.
There was no objection, and the amendment
was withdrawn.
The following clause of the bill having been
read:
" For compensation of tlie public gardener, $1,300
Mr. STANTON,of Kentucky,said: I have the
authority of the Committee on Public Buildings
to offer several amendments to this portion of the
bill. Before I reach them, I will, however, offer
one upun my own responsibility. It is not rec-
ommended by the Committee on Public Buildings.
I move to add the following at the end of the
clause:
And t!r<' exclusive management of the grounds attached
to the Capitol and surrounding the Executive mansion,
shall be under his control.
I understand that originally, when the public
gardener was appointed, he was intrusted with
the exclusive control and management of these
grounds; that is, in all which relates to their cul-
tivation, improvement, and embellishment.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I have no
question that this amendment is right. It ought
to be adopted.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. Very well.
I will say nothing further if the committee are sat-
isfied.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment was adopted.
The following clause of the bill now being un-
der consideration:
"Forcompensation of the doorkeeper at the President's
Home, at .$500, and of an assistant doorkeeper at the same,
at.§365 per annum, i$8ti5
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, moved the fol-
lowing amendment:
Forsalaryofahotae steward, to be appointed by the Pres-
ident, to have charge of the plate, furniture, and enuipane
belonging to the presidential mansion,.#1,200.
Mr. S. said: Mr. Chairman, this amendment
h s been recommended by the Commissioner of
Public Buildings, who assures me, in a communi-
cation which I now have upon my desk 
Mr. DUNHAM. I rise to a point of order. I
ask whether that amendment is in order?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of the opin-
ion that the amendment is in order.
Mr. STANTON. The Commissioner assures
me that there is property in the President's House
amounting in value to $100,000, over which there
is no person about the establishment who has the
exclusive charge or management. There is an
immense amount of personal property liable to be
carried away. It consists of plate, furniture of
various kinds, and various other articles, the care
and management of which should be under the
control of some one whose particular duty it is to
preserve and protect it. The Commissioner of
Public Buildings thinks this appointment is neces-
sary, and theCommittee on Public Buildings have
concurred with me in the same opinion, and have
j instructed me to report this amendment.
! Mr. HOUSTON. If I understand that amend-
ment, it is to create another steward or officer at
1 the President's House. Now, I think it is creating
the office a little too soon. These officers have
been gradually increasing. We created an addi-
tional one during the lastsession. I do think this
is going a little too fast. We ought at least to
wait until the President elect, for whom it is de-
signed, comes into office and asks for it himself.
! We have already granted two or three officers of
| this sort, and if this thing is to go on I want to
know where it is to stop.
! Mr. STANTON. The salary of the President
is but $25,000 per annum.
1 Mr. HOUSTON. Oh, I have heard of that
' before.
Mr. STANTON. He requires twice as much
now as when the salary was fixed, and we have
given him a mere pitiful doorkeeper and two
| watchmen outside of the building. In addition to
1 the immense duties of his position, increased by
the recent extension of our domain, will you, for
the sake of saving $1,200, burden him with the
menial duties of taking care of and protecting the
plate, bedding, and other furniture of the Executive
: mansion ?
I Mr. HOUSTON. If we are to increase the
| salary of the President of the United States, let us
| do it like men, directly, and not attempt to do it
j in this manner. I am tired of that sort of airgu-
I ment. Let us come up and meet the question. If
I we do not give the President a sufficient salary,
let that fact be made to appear, and I will vote for
j an increase.
I Mr. TUCK. I move to increase the amount
| $300. I do this for the purpose of saying that I
am in favor of the policy of adding to the salary
of the President of the United States, and if this
addition of $1,500 for the employment of a steward
is to be any assistance to the President, I am in
favor of it.
But I will not detain the committee for the five
minutes which are allotted to me under the rule.
| I take occasion to make these remarks, because,
being politically opposed to the President elect, my
motives will not be misunderstood. I move this
( amendment in addition to that reported by the
; Committee on Public Buildings, and I hope the
l amendment will be adopted.
Mr. SWEETSER.. 1 am opposed to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from New Hampshire, as
I am to the Whole proposition. I hope the Dem-
ocratic party in this House will not force upon the
Presidentelect, in the arrangement of the presiden-
tial mansion, offices which are not in consonance
with the republican simplicity of our Government—
a retinue of placemen are elements which char-
acterize the royal palaces of Kings and Emperors.
Although 1 have not the honor of a personal ac-
quaintance with the President clect, yet I have no
hesitation, from what I know of the character of
the man, in sayingto the House and country, that
he desires to follow the precedents of theillustrious
Democrats who have filled the office of President
in the palmiest days of the Republic. He is a
simple Democrat, and I hope the Democrats of this
House will learn from him what he wants before
they undertake to make these appropriations. In
advance of his wishes being known, do not involve
him in arrangements which will militate against
his known distate to all parade and show. I ask
his friends to stand by, and not permit gentleman
who are politically opposed to him to insert in this
appropriation bill a proposition that will raise a
hue and cry throughout the land and embarrass
him.
Mr. TUCK. Will the gentleman answer me
one question?
Mr. SWEETSER. No, sir; I cannet permit
a political adversary to intermeddle with the ar-
rangement of the kinisehold of a Democrat. Such
a man is presumed to be unacquainted with the
wishes and wants of a plain Republican. The
i policy of the honorable gentleman I can appreciate,
and will cite a case in point. The Whig party in
1840 broke down the Democratic administration
upon a cry of extravagance, and entered the pres-
idential mansion for materials to sustain their
slanders against the party. As soon as they got
into power they made a large appropriation to
make the presidential mansion comfortable for Gen-
eral Harrison. Let us practice what we preach:
economy in all the Departments of the Govern-
ment. We have charged the Whig party with
extravagance and fraud upon the Treasury. We
must avoid their example.
Mr. POLK. I rise to a question of order. I
submit that it is not in order to discuss either one
of the parties so far back as 1840.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the
gentleman has taken a little too much latitude in
his remarks. [Laughter.]
Mr. SWEETSER. Now, sir, I have said all I
desire to say upon this subject. I hope the Dem-
ocratic party in the House will not stand by and
permit this attempt to embarrass the President
elect by the creation of offices hitherto unknown,
and by extravagant appropriations for the presi-
dential mansion. Let us appropriate what may
be necessary, and trust the President to make
known his wishes in the premises in due time.
Mr. CLARK. If the gentleman from Ohio
will allow me to ask him a question, I desire to
know from the gentleman whether he is disposed
to hang the future policy of the* Administration
upon the appointment of a servant to the Presi-
dent? [Laughter.]
Mr. SWEETSER. I am a western man, and
I must say that I thought the gentleman from
Iowa the other day abandoned the western policy.
I desired to get the floor to reply to him, but could
not. He abandoned the great interests of the
West, as I conceive.
[Cries of " Order!" "Order!"]
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman must con-
fine himself to the subject of the amendment.
Mr. SWEETSER. I will make my applica-
tion to the amendment. I would have stated that
I was fearful the West had forgotten to recognize
him as a western man.
Mr. CLARK. One word, withthegentleman'a
permission 
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was then put, and the amendment
to the amendment was disagreed to.
Thequestion then recurredupon Mr. Stanton's
amendment, and being taken, it was disagreed to.
The following clause of the bill being under
consideration:
" For compensation of two draw keepers and a watchman
at the Potomac Bridge, and for fuel and oil for lamps,
$1,377 50;"
Mr. STANTON, ofOhio,said: I want to know
of the chairman of theCommittee on Ways and
Means, what he wantsoftwo draw-keepers at that
bridge?
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman move
an amendment?
Mr. STANTON. I do, for the purpose of eli-
citing information. I move to strike out that
clause of the bill. I notice that there is an appro-
priation for two draw-keepers for the Potomac
Bridge. I want to know what is wanted of draw-
keepers at this bridge ? *
Mr. HOUSTON. I can answer this question
satisfactorily. There were two draws in this
bridge. One of them was washed away, but the
other is still there and in operation. A communi-
cation is kept up by means of a ferry-boat across
the gap where that portion of the bridge was
washed away. But the other draw is still in op-
eration , and two draw-keepers must be there when-
ever a vessel is to pass through. When both
draws were in operation, four draw-keepers were
required; but two of them have been dispensed
with in consequence of the washing away of the
other draw.
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. With this expla-
nation I am satisfied. I now ask leave to withdraw
my amendment.
There was no objection and the amendment was
withdrawn.
Mr. STROTHER. I desire to offer an amend-
