*726
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 19,
and therefore the gentleman ought to support the
amendment.
The question was taken on the amendment of
Mr. Hfihhi'i and •' wfls disagreed to.
Mr. BROWN,of Mississippi. I move to strike
out all after the word " for," and in lieu thereof
lo insert the following:
For removing thp wreck of the T.ong Bridge in the Dis-
trict of CrrimiilMa,$20,000, or so much thereof as may be
necessary, to be espended under the authority of the Secre-
tary of *\ ar.
Mr. Chairman, I am utterly opposed to ex-
pending any more money on that okl bridge. It
is in the wrong place, ana obstructs the navigation
of the river. It ought never to have been placed
there, and now that only a part of it is left, that
part ought to be removed. The people residing
above that bridge have very many reasons for com-
plaint against Congress for having put it there
originally, and you will increase thecauses of com-
plaint if you repair and maintain it in its present
position. The$20,OOOproposed tobeexpended by
the gentleman from Virginia, will be used towards
a very unworthy object, if his amendment prevails.
I am ready at any moment to vote to construct a
bridge at Georgetown—one that shall benefit the
country at large—such a one as this Government
ought to construct. Let us build a bridge which
will not be an impediment to navigation, and one
that will not, by damming up the current of the
river, create disease and death above it. I will
never consent to repair the old bridge, but I am
willing to remove the wreck, and thus repair the
damage you have done the people living above it
by putting it where it is. It was a bad act of ours
in putting it there. Let us atone for it by blotting
out all that remains of it.
I will go with the gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. Strother,] as I have stated before, for the
construction of a bridge that will be worthy of
this country, and worthy of this District in which
the National Council assembles for legislation.
And I will go for the removal of the present bridge,
because it is disgraceful to the country and inju-
rious to the people living above it, and of little or
no use to those living below it. Give to this city
all that is her due, but give her nothing at the ex-
pense of Georgetown; that is my advice. If you
must cross the river at the point where the old
bridge now stands, why not cross in boats ? You
will not then interfere with the navigation of the
river nor the health and property of the citizens !
residing above the bridge. If you cannot get
across the river at that point in boats, go a little
further up or a little lower down. I am opposed
to the bridge, and will not vote a dollar except to-
wards its removal. It dams up the current of the
river, and thus induces deposits of vegetable and
other matter, which experience has shown to be
extremely detrimental to the health of Georgetown
and the western part of this city. It obstructs
navigation, and thus deprives Georgetown of a
great natural advantage. Her commerce lan-
guishes, and in the midst of surrounding prosper-
ity she is going to decay. It costs live times as
much to keep up this bridge as it would to main-
tain one properly constructed and at the right
place. And, finally, the old bridge is, in every
respect in which it may be viewed, a public nui-
sance. This is my indictment against it, and on
this indictment I demand its abatement. In lieu
of this unsightly, disreputable, health-destroying,
and commerce-hindering structure, I would build
a bridge at or above Georgetown that should be
worthy of the national capital, convenient to every
one, and useful to all classes, and of no injury to
anybody.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I am opposed
to the amendment appropriating $20,000 to the
removal of the wreck of the old Long Bridge,
•when it can be taken away without incurring a
ningle cent of expense. As chairman of a com-
mittee having jurisdiction over the bridges, I have
been applied to by gentlemen of character and
wealth, to present certain propositions to Congress
in relation to the keeping up the connection be-
tween Virginia and the District at this point. I
have not done so, for the reason that there is no
time left now to present them fairly before the
House for consideration. But one part of these :
propositions I may allude to, in showing the want I
of necessity for this appropriation. These gentle- J
men propose, that if Congress will allow them the I
material of the old bridge, they will remove it en-
tirely, draw out the piles, take away the lumber, I
and remove all the obstructions in the way of a
free navigation of the river. The materials are
valuable, or at least might be made so in the hands
of private citizens; they would be useless to the
Government. It would, therefore, be idle waste
to pay #20,000 to remove the remnant of the bridge
when we can have it done, if it is necessary to re-
move it, for the old materials.
There is now pending in the Senate a bill ap-
propriating $200,000 for the construction of a sub-
stantial and permanent bridge at some other point
above the present site, to be selected by certain en-
gineers, and approved by the President. Con-
nected with this proposition, there is also another,
providing an appropriation of §20,000 for the tem-
porary repair of the present bridge. Whether a
new structure is provided for, or not, the repair of
the present bridge, or some other adequate means
of intercommunication between Virginia and the
District, is needed. Should a new bridge be pro-
vided for, the old one will greatly facilitate its con-
struction, by affording the means of transportation
for materials from one side of the river to the other.
It will also remedy the serious evil now existing
from the interruption of communication from one
shore to the other.
I shall vote for the appropriation of $20,000 for i
the repair of the bridge, but I am sure it can be !
only repaired temporarily for that amount. I have
no idea that Congress will ever agree to erect a
new bridge on the same site; nor do I believe it
will ever authorize the construction of another of
so frail and insecure a character. The present
bridge, including original amount expended, and
repairs, has cost the Government $249,000. It
will be recollected, however, that it has been
wiished away once or twice before. The same
amount expended in the construction of a solid
and substantial work, would have given to the pub-
lic a structure to last for ages, which no flood could
sweep away or destroy. I hope, then, for the
public interest, when a bridge shall be authorized
by Congress, that it will be made substantial and
of solid and enduring material.
The question was taken on the amendment of
Mr. Brown, and it was disagreed to.
Mr. BOWIE. I offer the following substi-
tute:
For building a bridge across the Potomac river, at some
point in the District of Columbia, to be designated by engi-
neers, under the direction of the President of the United
States, $-200,1)00. |
| The committee is aware that both of the bridges '
across the Potomac were swept away by the great
freshet of last spring, and since then, the citizens
of the District of Columbia, and those of the ,
United States who have any connection with the
capital, have been much incommoded. Several
plans have been agitated as to the best mode of
repairing this injury. It is obvious to all that there
is great objection to the rebuilding of the old
bridge, and no other mode can be adopted ade-
quate to the present emergency except that which
has been suggested, that a'bridge should be built
at some other intermediate point, to be selected by
engineers appointed by the President of the United
States, with a due regard to the interests of all
concerned. I hope, Mr. Chairman, that this
committee will not longer postpone provision for
the accommodation of so large a population as
that of this Distrtct.
Mr. LETCHER. I raise the point of order
that the amendment is not predicated on any law
authorizing the construction of a bridge at any
point, except the one of the Long Bridge.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that the
amendment is not in order.
Mr. STANLY. I should like to know the
grounds of the Chair's decision.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides the sub-
stitute to be out of order, because if adopted, it would
induce the committee to do that which could not
be done in the original proposition; in other
words, there is no law authorizing the construc-
tion proposed, and it is not such an amendment
as could be offered under the 81st rule.
Mr. BOWIE. I will state that it is within the
range of probability that the President might direct
the rebuilding of the present bridge. The amend-
ment only provides for a bridge already recognized
by law. It is a public mail route, which has
been destroyed by the means I have adverted to,
and the amendment would be restoring the chan- 
nel of communication between North and South.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment is notin
order.
Mr. APPLETON, of Maine. I move to re-
duce the appropriation one dollar. I make this
motion to enable me to say that it must be evident
to all of the members of the committee that there
is a very great division of opinion on this whole
subject of bridge connection between Virginia and
the District of Columbia. It is clear, moreover r
that in the little time to which we are now con-
fined , there is no opportunity adequately to discuss
that subject, and therefore, in my judgment, no
amendment ought to be adopted in this way un-
less it comes proposed by the proper committee
having the subject in charge. I understand that
this matter has been before the Committee on the
District of Columbia, but I do not understand that
they, with all the time and means they have had
at their disposal, have been enabled to come to
such a conclusion as to be willing to report it to
the House. If we go on in this hasty manner
making amendments for permanent works ipithe
civil and diplomaticappropriation bill, we shall be
taking steps in the dark, and so shall be likely to
take wrong steps.
I am therefore opposed to alt such amendments.
If I were to vote, with the little light I have, for
any of them, it would be for the amendment of the
gentleman from Mississippi [Mr. Brown] to re-
move the Long Bridge entirely. I think that it
never ought to have been built. It is, in my opin-
ion, a nuisance, and ought to be abated. Those-
who have business above it have aright to com-
plain. It is an obstruction to navigation, and
blocks up unnecessarily one of the great highways
made by nature. I think that it is disgraceful in
its whole character to this District, and I should
be glad to see it removed. But I protest against
any action on the subject at the present time.
Mr. PRESTON. I have listened to the re-
marks in relation to the propriety of ad op tine the
amendment of the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Strother,] with the view of securing the repair
of the Long Bridge. As I am one of the committee
to whom the subject appropriately belongs, my
attention has been attracted to the expediency of
the measure. TheLongBridgeconnects Washing-
ton with the Virginia shore, and some time since
a freshet carried away one of the draws, so as to
leave a gap which is at present supplied by a ferry-
boat. The citizens of Georgetown desire a new
suspension bridge on the Potomac, some three
miles above, and quite a struggle exists as to
whether the travel from Virginia shall pass, as
heretofore, over the Long Bridge to Washington,
or be attracted to the upper part of thecity, through
Georgetown. The old bridge was constructed
about forty years since, and the question which
was very much vexed at that time was settled by
the course of Mr. Clay, who delivered his maiden
speech in Congress in its behalf. It has been
alleged that the Long Bridge, by obstructing the
current, produces unhealthiness, but my mind has
not been satisfied that such is the case. It is an
unsightly structure, and, in my opinion, some
better communication should exist with the Vir-
! ginia shore. The commerce of Georgetown has
long passed through the draw-bridges existing in
I the old bridge, and if the travel should hereafter
i pass up the Potomac and cross a suspension bridge
' at Georgetown, it will be necessary to connect the
presentroad that communicates with the old bridge
by a turnpike of some three miles to reach the
| new one. The new bridge will cost some $300,000,
! an4 it must take some time to construct it. With-
1 out deciding which site is the most eligible, yet I
am in favor of this appropriation, even to secure
the temporary connection. No act can be passed
at this session for the new bridge, and we should
not neglect to providein the interval the means of
transit for the trade, mails, and travel from Vir-
ginia to the city. This should be done, even if the
old bridge should be hereafter deemed a nuisance
and ordered to be removed.
Mr. APPLETON. I would inquire of the gen-
tleman, as well for my own information as that of
the committee, whether the subject of this bridge
has been acted on by the Committee on the District
of Columbia?
Mr. PRESTON. No definite action has been
had; and had it been otherwise, the committee
hare had no opportunity to report. I have in my
