728
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 19,
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I renew it. |
The CHAIRMAN. It would not be in order
for the gentleman to renew it.
Mr. STANTON. I have a right to modify my
own amendment. I move to strike out that
part of the section which provides that the pave-
ments 
The CHAIRMAN. What docs the gently
man propose to do with his original amendment?
Mr. STANTON. Cannot the original amend- \
ment be perfected first ?
The CHAIRMAN. If the gentleman from
Kentucky will withdraw his original amendment,
it will be in order for him to strike out the word
"pavements."
Mr. STANTON. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. TOOMBS. He cannot withdraw the
amendment. I object to it.
Mr. WEIGHTMAN. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out the words "the au-
thorities of the city of Washington." I offer
that amendment for the purpose of enabling the
gentleman from Kentucky to submit the remarks
■which he desires to submit, and yield the floor
■without saying anything further.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I have here,
as I said before, the original map of the city, ap-
proved by General Washington, and on that map
is laid down distinctly this street. I have also be- |
fore me the opinion of John Breckinridge, then
Attorney General of the United States, in which he
discusses the legal question as to the power of the
President to set apart and dedicate the streets of
the city to public use. The power of the Presi-
dent to do so under the authority conferred by the
original proprietors is fully conceded; and the
President having acted, the learned officer of the
law decides that the streets must remain for public
use. 1 wish I could read for the information of
the House, the very lucid opinion of this gentle-
man, but my time will not allow me to do so. It
is clear from all he says, that the lots located along
the line of the street, and binding upon it, having
been sold with reference to the facilities and ad-
vantages thereof, no power belonging to the Gov- 1
ernment can take away from them, against their
consent, the rights acquired by that dedication.
Now, sir, the street having been marked out and I
laid down upon the map at the time the lots were
sold, it is very probable that higher prices were
paid for them than would have been paid if the ad-
vantages of the street had not been held out.
Mr. SACKETT. I wish to ask the gentleman j
from Kentucky whether the same thing that has
occurred to Sixth street has not also taken place
with regard to Tenth street, and whether the
Smithsonian Institution does not stand directly
across the street ?
Mr. STANTON. I have not examined the '
original map of the city in reference to that street,
and therefore cannot answer with any certainty of
being correct. But this I will say, that if the Gov-
ernment has authorized a wrong to be committed
against the public in that case, it is no reason why
a similar wrong should be perpetrated now. The j
interference with the vested rights of the citizens
in that instance, will by no means justify it in this. !
I said when I was up before, that in 1832, Con- 1
gresa laid off a portion of the public grounds com-
mencing at the Capitol, and extending to Sixth
street, which is named and recognized in the act
as one of the boundaries of that reservation—the
act I have here in my hand. These grounds were
laid off and set apart for public use. By the same
act the grounds west of Sixth street, extending to
the Potomac, were given to the city of Washing-
ton, upon certain conditions and for certain pur-
poses. They were, however, in 1833, reconveyed
to, or resumed by the Government. Here again
Sixth street, running through the public grounds,
was recognized and called for as an actual existing
street, constituting the boundary of the public
property. By the act of 1822, in addition to the 1
reservation of a part of the land belonging to the
Government for public use, which is specifically
described, several squares lying upon either side
of the public reservation are directed to be laid off
in lots, and sold to private purchasers. Two of
these squares bound upon and front Sixth street.
The purchasers derive their titles from the Gov-
ernment. They bought with reference to the lo-
cation upon the street. They acquired rights by
that purchase, which the Government has no
power to deprive them of. Neither the President
of the Wnited States, the Commissioner of Public
Buildings and Grounds, nor any other officer of
the Government, I care not how exalled or how
inconsiderable, can, without authority of law and
in defiance of their wishes, wrest from them their
rights. What are they? The privileges of the
street, the right to use the highway set apart and
dedicated to public use by the high authority of
the President, conferred by the original proprietors
of the soil, and recognized by repeated acts of
Congress.
Sir, it is a high-handed outrage to deny to a
large body of ciiizens, who are the vendees of the
Government itself, rights and privileges which
they have bought and paid for. The city authori-
ties of Washington, who understand the necessity
of removing the obstructions in this street better
than any member of this House, ask that it may
be opened. It will not interfere with the improve-
ment of the public grounds. It is a gross mistake
to suppose that it can in the slightest degree affect
the beautiful arrangement for their embellishment
and improvement. On the othei hand, it will
greatly add to the convenience of the population
on both sides of the city. That population is
growing with great rapidity, and it is useless to
resist a measure which public necessity must very
soon force a compliance with.
The question was then taken on Mr. Weight-
man's amendment to the amendment, and it was
not adopted.
The question recurred upon Mr. Stanton's
amendment, and being put, it was decided in the
negative.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I am instructed
by the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds to move to strike out the following clause
of the bill:
"For annual repairs of the President's House, furniture,
iinprovoirMiEit of grounds, painting and repaning roof, clean-
in:;, painting, ami whitewashing inside of the house, ex
tending east wing of offices for carriage-house, blinds for
the west front of the house, flooring large room in base-
ment, purchasing trees and plants for garden and for making
hot beds therein, wire fence, &c , $6,250."
And to insert in lieu thereof the following;
For the construction of hot water furnaces, the ventila-
tion of, and rt pairs for the Executive Mansion, according
to the plan of the Architect, submitted to the Committee on
Public Buildings and Grounds of the House, on the 4th
February, 1353, and approved by said committee, $30,000.
The attention of the Committee on Public Build-
ings and Grounds has been drawn to the present
condition of the Executive Mansion by the present
Commissioner of Public Buildings, whose com-
munication and estimates are now before me. In
order that they might be fully informed as to the
real condition of that edifice, and the improve-
ments necessary to be made, they requested the
Architect having charge of the extension of the
Capitol, to make a thorough survey of the Exec-
utive Building, and report to the committee the
result of his examination. With great cheerful-
ness he did so, and furnished the committee with
a very satisfactory account of its condition, the
repairs and improvements needed, and the neces-
sary amount of money to accomplish them. Prom
his report we learn, what has been obvious to all
who have visited the President's House, that it is
imperfectly heated and ventilated; no adequate
provisions having ever been made for these indis-
pensable objects. The rooms are only heated by
the ordinary fire-places, and these are insufficient
for the expulsion of dampness, and the thorough
warming of a massive stone structure of its char-
acter and size. The Architect is of opinion that
the unhealthiness of the building, so much com-
plained of by all who have ever occupied it, arises
chiefly, if not exclusively, from the dampness of
the lower stories, and the imperfect ventilation of
the building.
It is principally to remedy these defects, and
make the Executive Mansion healthful and com-
fortable, that this expenditure is required. Indeed
the proposed improvements ought to have been
made years ago, and Congress has been negligent
and remiss in not authorizing them. The design
is to construct hot-water furnaces in the base-
ment, for the warming of the halls and rooms of
the house. This description of furnace is said to
be the best, and is recommended by the Architect
as superior to all others, it being better adapted to
the production of a soft and pleasant condition of
the atmosphere. It has been tried in some of our
public buildings and found to be infinitely better
than hnt-air furnaces. I wish, instead of the
dry and suffocating heat of this Hall, we could
substitute the pleasant and agreeable atmosphere
which might be diffused through every part of it,
by means of heated water. Four of these fur-
naces, located in the basement, are required for
the President's House,
Proper means of ventilating the House are re-
quired, and the Architect has recommended a
plan for this purpose whieh meets the approval of
the committee. In addition to these, which are
the most material improvements proposed, there
are a variety of other repairs needed, which this
appropriation is intended to cover. They are all
substantial improvements, made necessary by the
actual condition of the property, and intended to
make it comfortable for the use of the President
and his family. These items are all carefully es-
timated for, and enumerated in the report of the
Architect, whose plan ofimprovement it ia intended
shall be followed.
1 feel assured, that in view of the condition of
the Executive Mansion, and the many complaints
of unhealthfulness which we nave heard from its
occupants, frequently compelling them to evacuate
it and seek other quarters, that the committee wilt
not hesitate a moment to adopt the amendment.
If I did not believe that there was an imperious
necessity for the expenditure, I would not ask it
of the House.
Mr. SACKETT. I ask for tellers on the amend-
ment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Breckin-
ridge, and Harris of Alabama, were appointed.
The question was then put, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 71, noes 61.
So the amendment was adopted.
Mr. TOOMBS. If it is in order, I would like
to move to add " soap." [Laughter.]
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I am instructed
by theCommittee on Public Buildings andGrounds
to offer the following amendment:
For refurnishing the President's House, to be expended
under the direction of the President, in addition to the pro-
ceeds of the sale of such of the furniture and equipage of
sard house as mav be decayed, out ot repair, or unlit for
use, the sum of $*i5,000.
Mr. Chairman, an appropriation of this character,
to refurnish the President's House, has been usual
every four years, at the incoming of a new Ad-
ministration. The Commissioner of Public Build-
ings, who is familiar with the condition of the fur-
niture, has made a full estimate of the articles
needed, and furnished the committee with the
cost of each. He deems the amount asked for
necessary to place the house in anything like com-
fortable condition for the reception of the new
President and his family. It is usual and ordi-
nary to make such appropriation every four years.
Mr. HOUSTON. Is this the usual amount ?
Mr. STANTON. It is a little larger than ha®
generally been appropriated, but not so large as
an appropriation once made.
Mr. HOUSTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. STANTON. Since the house was origin-
ally furnished, the average amount for renewing
the furniture and equipments, has been about
$18,000. But the gentleman will recollect that a
greater portion of the property now in that house
has been in use more than forty years, and may
be supposed to have greatly deteriorated in that
time. Originally the property cost not less than
|100,()00. We have renewed it to a small extent
only every four years, and the necessity of in-
creasing the appropriation increases with the use
and age of the furniture.*
Mr. SKELTON. I am opposed to making any
appropriation of this kind. The Democratic party
have recently returned from an election with econ-
omy inscribed upon their banner. We have been
elected here as a party in favor of economy. Now,
* Since the above remarks were made in the House, I
have examined the various appropriations for furniture
made for the Executive Mansion since 1797, and the follow-
ing is the result:
In addition to the proceeds of the old furnitore ordered
to be sold—
1797 $14,000 1826 $25,000
1800  15,000 1839  14,000
1805  14,(100 1833   30,000
1809  14,0110 1834   6,000
1813  14.000 1841  6,000
181 7  20;000 1845  14,000
181 8  30,000 1649  14,000
1825  14,000
