730
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 19,
to the gentlemen from Virginia, [Mr. Letcher,] J
that there wns an appropriation of §14,000, during j
Mr. Polk's Administration for that purpose. i
Mr. BAYLY. I understand all that matter
perfectly. When Mr. Tyler's Administration was
going out, there was a proposition to make the
usual appropriation for refurnishing and refitting
the President's House. The Democrats then,
under the idea that a Democratic President was
not entitled to be as well provided for as a Whig
President, cut down the appropriation, [laughter;]
and until the next Congress made an appropria-
tion of $14,000 for that purpose, the President's
House was absolutely in a niggardly condition, as
I know from personal observation. It was a
source of some annoyance to Mr. Polk, but he
would not complain about it; but I know, because
I was here at the time, that he regarded it, and
that others regarded as a piece of niggardliness,
the cutting down the appropriation to some five or
ten thousand dollars.
The question was then taken upon the adoption
of Mr. Skelton's amendment, and it was dis-
agreed to.
The question then recurred upon the original
amendment offered by Mr. Stanton, and being
taken, the amendment was adopted.
The following section being under considera-
tion:
Forli§ht'ngthe Capitol and President's House, the pub-
lic grounds around thern anil around the Executive offices,
and Pennsylvania avenue, ^22,000."
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, offered the fol-
lowing amendment:
For the erection oflamp posts and lamps on each fide of
Pennsylvania avenue, from seventeenth street to George-
town, and from Uie Capitol to the Navy-Yard, $3,700.
Mr. STANTON. This is an amendment which
has been recommended by the Secretary of the
Interior. The avenue leading from the Capitol to
the Navy Yard has no lights, and the avenue from
the President's House to Georgetown has none.
The Secretary of the Interior has in his estimates
provided for that amount, and I am instructed by
the Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds
to offer it as an amendment.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was adopted.
Mr. STANTON. One more amendment, and
I have done. I am instructed by the Committee
on Public Buildings to offer the following:
For inclosing with iron fence and other improvements
of the triangular space on the north side of Pennsylvania
avenue,opposite the market-house, and between Seventh
and Eighth streets, $4,500.
This is for the improvement of the triangular
space opposite the market-house. Members know
it is an unsightly and uncleanly place, and I
ask that provision may be made for its improve-
ment.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was adopted.
The following clause of the bill being under con-
sideration—
" For completing the repairs of the two bridges across
the Eastern Branch, $4,000;" r
Mr. BOWIE moved the following amendment:
For replacing the bridge across the Potomac river, at tlie
Little Falls of the said river,>0,000.
Mr. BOWIE. It is well known that this bridge
is necessary to a great public thoroughfare.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask lfthat bridge
is within the limits of the District of Columbia?
Mr. BOWIE. It is within the limits of the
District of Columbia. It was carried away by a
freshet.
M r. DEAN. I rise to a question of order upon
that amendment. That bridge has been ceded by
Congress to Georgetown, upon the condition that
Georgetown was to keep it perpetually in repair;
and therefore we have nothing to do with it. There
is no law authorizing Congress to make the appro-
priation.
The CHAIRMAN. If that be the state of
facts, the Chair will be bound to rule the amend-
ment out of order.
Mr. WALSH. There was an act of Congress
passed, but there is no evidence that Georgetown
ever accepted the grant—not a particle.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the
amendment is not in order, and so decides.
The following clause of the bill being under con-
sideration—
"For salaries and incidental expenses of the Commis-
sion appointed under the act of March 3d, 1851, for settling
land claims in California, $50,000
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, under instructions
of the Committee on Ways and Means, moved the
following amendment:
And that the proviso to the appropriation for this object,
conitiined in tlie act approved 31st August, 1830, shall not
be so construed as to render the salary of secieiary of said
Commission as fixed by the second section uf the above re-
cited act to reduce the salary.
| Mr. SWEETSER. Is that amendment in
order? It is to alter an existing law.
| The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks it is in
order.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment was adopted.
Mr. CASKIE. Mr. Chairman, I have taken
up but little of the time of the House since 1 have
been here 
The CHAIRMAN. Does the genlfeman offer
an amendment?
Mr. CASKIE. Yes, sir; I move the following:
For the purchase of a site and the erection of a building
for custom-house, post office, and Federal courts in Rich-
mond, Virginia, <fSti,000, in addition to the former appro-
priation.
Mr. HOUSTON. I rise to a question of order.
: That amendment is not in order.
I The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides the
amendment to be out of order.
i Mr. CASKIE. We are now considering the
I bill under the head of" miscellaneousitems,"and
I I submit that it is in order.
| The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman ap-
: peal from the decision of the Chair?
Mr. CASKIE. Yes, sir, I do appeal; and I
claim the privilege of stating the grounds of my
appeal.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman has the
right to state the ground of his appeal, but not to
discuss it.
Mr. CASKIE. We are now considering the
civil and diplomatic bill. That my proposition
as an amendment to that bill ia in order cannot be
denied, except on the ground that we have passed
the part of it headed "custom-houses." That,
however, as I understand it, is a mere arbitrary
division for convenience sake, made perhaps in
printing the bill. But, I submit, that division
cannot rule out an amendment clearly in order to
the bill, particularly when we have reached the
head of " miscellaneous items."
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state, in
reply to the suggestion of the gentleman, that the
effect of this amendment, if entertained, would be,
in effect, to recur to a clause of the bill which we
have passed. It would be violating a rule which
prevents a recurrence to a section of the bill already
passed. The Chair decides the amendment to be
out of order. From thia decision the gentleman
from Virginia appeals.
The question was taken, and the decision of the
Chair was sustained by the committee.
The following clause being under considera-
tion—
" For the discharge of such miscellaneous claims, not
otherwise provided for, as shall be admitted in due course
of settlement at the Treasury, $5,000 : Provided, That no
part of the appropriation shall be drawn from the Treasury,
except in pursuance of some law or resolution of Congress
authorizing the expenditure
Mr. SIBLEY offered the following amendment:
To enable the Clerk of the House of Representatives to
furnish, pay for, and deliver the same books to the Dele-
gates from Oregon, New Mexico, and Utah, for the Thirty-
second Congress, as per resolution of said House passed
26th July, 1852, $2,700.
Mr. S. I presume there will be no objection to
the resolution. Its object is only to carry out a
resolution which passed the House at the last ses-
sion of Congress, and provides to give the Dele-
gates named in it the same books that are furnished
to other members of the House.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to inquire if
they were not included in the original resolution ?
Mr. SIBLEY. There was a clerical error in
that resolution.
The question was the« taken on the amend-
ment, and it was agreed to.
Mr. BOWIE. 1 desire at this point to offer an
amendment, which I will send to the Clerk's
table.
The amendment was as follows:
To pay to J. Mudd, for services in the office of the Com-
missioner of Public Buildings, from the day of the death of
the late Commissioner to the appoi ntment of the present in-
cumbent, $65.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was agreed to.
Mr. MOLONY. I move to amend the clause
under consideration by adding the following:
Six thousand dollars for the marine hospital at Chicago,
Illinois.
Mr. DEAN. I submit that the amendment is
not in order, as there is, I think, no law author-
izing it.
Mr. MOLONY. It has Been estimated for by
the Secretary of the Treasury, under the head of
"miscellaneous." There have been appropria-
tions made for it for a series of years.
Mr. HOUSTON. I hope the gentleman will
allow that matter to remain until we get through
the bill, and not bring it up now.
A Mk.mber. It will take no more time to con-
sider it now than it will then.
Mr. MOLONY. I will not take up the time of
the committee, Mr. Chairman, in making any re-
marks upon this amendment further than to say
that the amendment submitted proposes to appro-
priate $6,000 for the marine hospital at Chicago,
the amount being the same as the estimate made
by the Secretary of the Treasury, and which, in
his annual report to Congress, he says is indis-
pensably necessary for the protection of the hos-
pital and grounds, for which $50,000 has already
been appropriated by the American Congress.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi. If the gentle-
man will allow me, I propose to amend his prop-
osition so as to include all the hospitals, so far as
they have been estimated for by the Secretary of
theTieasury, as they stand upon precisely the
same footing.
The amendment was as follows:
Cleveland, Ohio, $15,000; Pittsburg, Pennsylvania,
$5,000; St. Louis, Missouri, $*30,000; Louisville, Ken-
tucky, $3.000 ; Padilcah, Kentucky, $3,000; Napoleon,
Arkansas, $4,000 ; Natchez, Mississippi, $4,Of'O ; to be ex-
pended for linishing, repairing, heating, and fencing the
buildings.
Mr. BROWN said: I will add one word in rela-
tion to that amendment. Those all stand, in the
estimate of the Secretary, upon precisely the same
footing, and they are recommended for the same
reasons. I will say, further, that the object for
which these items of appropriations are recom-
mended have been voted for by Congress, and
appropriations made for them, at several periods,
to not less than $400,000, and it is represented by
the Department that this annual appropriation is
necessary for the protection of the property and
for the completion of the buildings, which are
now in an unfinished state.
Mr. MOLONY. I accept fhe amendment.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am opposed to this amend-
ment. My views were submitted on yesterday,
and I do not wish to occupy the time of the com-
mittee now. The amendment, as presented, em-
braces the estimates of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, and my opinion is, that as they are all placed
upon the same footing in the estimate, vou may
as well take the question upon them all in one
amendment. If the committee are determined to
put the amendment in, let them all be included.
Mr. BROWN. I desire to read one sentence
from the report of the Secretary of the Treasury.
He says:
| " That those estimates are based upon a careful calcula-
! tion of the amount and quality of work to be done, and
are deemed indispensably necessary for the buildings and
grounds referred to."
Mr. THOMAS M. HOWE. I propose, Mr.
Chairman, to add five dollars to the appropriation
for the hospital at Pittsburg. The marine hos-
pital at Pittsburg is completed, with the single ex-
ception of some adequate provision for heating it,
and has been occupied for the purposes for which
it was designed, for about two years. The present
mode of heating is by the old-fashioned grate for
the burning of bituminous coal in the several rooms
and wards, no adequate arrangement having been
made for heating the halls of the building. The
consequence is, that in addition to the discom-
fort resulting to the inmates of the hospital, the
water-works of the establishment, constructed at
a large expense to the Government, are, in very
cold weather, rendered entirely useless. Plans
and estimates have been submitted to the Secretary
of the Treasury, and approved by him, for reme-
j dying this difficulty, and this appropriation has
I been recommended by that officer, and in his
own language declared to be " indispensably neces-
sary."
Mr. HOUSTON. I am opposed to this amend-
ment, and hope that the question will be taken.
