782
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 19,
their repaint. I mk the committee to mum and
consider what they are doing-. You will have to re-
pair these buildings sooner or Inter, and you will do
it. About that there is no dispute, and the longer
you neslect to do it the more money it will re-
quire in the end. I do not say thia because one of
them is in ray district. I only ask members to
take a common-sense view of the matter. Are
you going to put up buildings like these, and then
let them rot down rather than appropriate a few
dollars for repairs? No, you will not. The ad-
vice of the gentleman from Georgia, if taken by
this Congress, will not be followed by subsequent
Congresses. Ths buildings will be repaired so
sure as they are built. I trust that the committee
will pause Inng enough to consider what they are
doin?. This is no idle matter. Refuse these ap-
propriations of a few thousand dollars, and it will
take four or five times as much next year to repair
the darnnge which your refusal will have occa-
sioned. The furor of this moment will pass away
br to-morrow, and members will wonder how
they ever could have voted against repairing a
sixty thousand dollar building at a cost of a few
hundred. The Secretary recommends these ap-
propriations, and says they are indispenaably
necessMiry If the buildings are damaged to the
amount of many thousands in consequence of
what you are now doing, let those who come after
us, and see the ruin and have to repair it, remem-
ber that there was one present to-day who warned
you " that a stitch in time saves nine."
Mr. HALL. I am not sure but the gentleman
from Mississippi is entirely mistaken about this
matter, instead of the opponents of the proposi-
tion. It is very certain, if we tax the sailors and
boatmen for the erection of asylums, that we ought
to apply it to that purpose. But, sir, it is notori-
ous that we have far exceeded that sum, and these
appropriations are for the taking care of sick people
at the expense of the Treasury of the United
Stales. In my opinion, there is no more justice
in taking care of seamen and boatmen than wag-
oners and travelers generally. If we are to sup-
port sailors out of the public Treasury when they
are sick, I want travelers through my country to i
be supported in the same way—wagoners', rail- !
road men, and men of this stamp. I
The question being upon ths adoption of the <
amendment, j
Mr. BROWN withdrew it.
Mr. JOHN W. HOWE. I move that the
committee rise.
Mr. BROWN demanded tellers; and they were
ordered; and Messrs. Johnson of Tennessee,and
Ves abli were appointed.
The question being put, the tellers reported that
there were—ayes 66, noes 71.
So the committee refused to rise.
* The question then recurring on Mr.
amendment,
Mr. GORMAN demanded teller*; which were
ordered; and meters. Smith And glttjord went
appointed.
The question was then taken, and (be tellers
reported that there' were—ayes 23, noes 98.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The following clauses Were then read:
"For compensation of the warden, clerk, phyrfTiian,
dbanlain, two iwtl.mnt keepers, foor fnurds, and potter or
the PeiiMentiarjr of the Districtof Columbia, $7,35)1.
" Fur compensation of three inspector* of said Penitenti-
ary, J3WI.
" For tbe support anfd lAsiintenrtiei of Mid Penitentiary,
fl,240. 
Mr. DARBY. I Ret k due to myself to offer
this amendment:
For continuing tbe c6iMtrO<Hloti of the marine bosMtal
at St. Louis, «20,0U0.
Mr. LETCHER. This was submitted once
before, and voted down.
The CHAIRMAN. The proposition is in
order.
Mr. DARBY. I have not troubled the Htouse
much; but it is due to the very large constituency
which I have the honor to represent on this floor,
that I should say something on a subjeet of so
much local interest to them. And the hurried
manner with which this bill is pressed prompts
me to ask, whether it has come to this, on the
floor of the American Congress, in this enlight-
ened day, that an unmatured bill shall be forced
through with such rapid haste as not to allow
(he repres*ntafive to make known, in the very
few minutes allowed by the rules, the wants of his
constituents? The unmistakable opposition to
any and every amendment manifested by the com-
mittee is apparent to all. But I ask gentlemen to
pause and ponder for one moment, and to consider
whether the principle of representative Govern-
ment can be carried out in this way. 1 represent
a district extending some three hundred miles on
the Mississippi river, embracing twenty counties.
The city and county of St. Louis alone have a popu-
lation of one hundred add twenty thousand, and
the other nineteen counties a larger population,
perhaps; the whole amounting almost to two
Hundred and fifty thousand souls. The rabidly-
increasing commerce of the city of St. Louis re-
quires the completion of the marine hospital at
that point. The number of arrivals of steamboats
at the port of St. Louis during the last year was
3,184. I speak from the Review of the Commerce
of St. Louis, for the year 1852, which is an in-
crease on the number for the yearpreceding. The
total amount of the tonnage of St. Louis for the
year 1851 was 683,140. In 1852, it amounted to
735,244—paying into the Treasury from the cus-
toms collected at that port for the past year the
sum of $293,298 74. The amount paid out for
the relief of sick and distressed seamen forthe year
1852, at that port, was $3,162 01. These are official
statements furnished by the surveyor of the port.
This extensive and increasing commerce is evi-
dence itself of the large number of hands engaged
on the steamboats in that trade, and the necessity
of finishing the marine hospital at St. Louis. We
find in the report of the estimates of appropri-
ations furnished by the Department, tnat this
amount is specially required, and was before the
Committee on Ways and Means. It is demanded
by the Secretary of the Treasury in his report as
being indispensably necessary to finish tha hos-
pital. The building is now nearly completed, but
it will require the further appropriation of $20,000
to finish it and prepare it for the reception of pa-
tients. This requisition is made to us in official
form from the proper Department and authority
of the Government. Are you willing to see this
building, on tfhich the Government has already
expended so much money, rot down and go to de-
struction before the scaffolding is torn from around
it? At the same time you have official statements
of the expenditure of thousands of dollars for the
relief of sick and disabled seamen to the charity
hospitals for the want of this building. I ask gen-
tlemen if this ia sound policy or economy, to say
nothing of the justice of the measure f
The gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Toombs] is
, opposed to the whole system of these river hospi-
tals, and intimates that it would be better to aban-
don them altogether, and to fall back on the former
practice of the Government. Are you prepared to
do this, and throw away all that has been ex-
pended, even before a fair trial has been made with
them—before the buildings are finished ? I trust
not. I hope gentlemen will vote for the amend-
ment, being the amount demanded by the Secre-
1 tary of the Treasury. It is true the chairman of
: the Committee on Ways and Means says be is
! opposed to the appropriation, and the committee
, have left it out of the bill. Is that any reason why
the appropriation should not be made, without
some good argument and reasons assigned for
omitting it, as it has been specially required by the
Department? The amount expended by the sur-
veyor of the port for the relief of sick and dis-
tressed seamen for the year 1851, was $5,441 44;
which-, added to the sum paid out to charity hospi-
tal* for the last year, makes the amount $8,603 45,
expended for the last two years—nearly half the
sum asked for by this appropriation, so strongly
urged by the Department. St. Louis is a termi-
; nating point in our commercial intercourse and
i navigation, where a larger number of boatmen
congregate than at any other place on the Missis-
sippi river. Being in a high latitude, the sick and
afflicted men engaged on our steamboats seek it in
the hot summer months, and prefer it to staying
or stopping at any other place upon the lower Mis-
sissippi. Your maritime jurisdiction is extended
over and enforced upon us, and the citizens en-
gaged in commerce there are as rightfully entitled
to the fostering protection of the Government as
any other portion of the Republic—those actively
engaged, and hazarding life and property in ex-
tending anil building up your commerce. I hope
the appropriation will De voted. This matter so
deeply concerns my constituents that I have felt it
due to them to make this appeal.
Mr. STUART. I beg leave to say a single
word to the gentleman from Missouri in the best
feeling indeed. I have been in favor of these ap-
propriations, and I have voted for them when they
were brought to a decisive vote in the committee.
My judgment is that they ought to have been
adopted; but I say to him and other gentlemen
who feel as I do upon that subject, that after we
have had a clear vote of this committee, and they
have given a decided majority against this appro-
priation, let us yield. Do not let us delay this
bill here. We can do more to pass it now than
we can in four hours when we come in here fresh
for discussion hereafter. I ask, in perfect kindness,
that the vote may be permitted to be taken to test
the matter, and then yield the point.
Mr. DARBY demanded tellers opon his amend-
ment; which were ordered; and Messrs. Mason
and Jackson were appointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 38, noes 87.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I move that the
committee rise.
Mr. LETCHER demanded tellers; which were
ordered; and Messnr. Polk and Dxan were ap-
pointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers re-
ported that there were—ayes 57, noes 78.
So the motion was disagreed to.
Mr. MOLONY. I move an amendment for
appropriating $6,010 for the marine hospital at
Chicago.
Mr. STANLY. I rise to a question of order,
that we have passed the section where this would
appropriately come in. A little while ago I offered
an amendment in regard to Guatemala and Nic-
aragua, as 1 considered it related to foreign mis-
sions, but the Chair ruled it was out of order, as
we had passed from the consideration of that sub-
ject. I yielded, because 1 wanted to get through
with this bill as soon as possible. Upon what
principle is the amendment of the gentleman from
Illinois connected with the subject we are now
discussing ?
The CHAIRMAN. The committee are now
engaged upon the miscellaneous sections of ths
bill. There has been no preceding section rela-
ting to hospitals.
Mr. MOLONY. It in not my intention to con-
sume the time of the committee. It is well known
to the committee that 1 have notdone that this ses-
sion, and I would not be factious in my opposi-
tion to what has been the decision of the commit-
: tee upon this question once and again. I do
regard the decision of the committee, however,
with all due respect, as very extraordinary.
Mr. LETCHER. I call the gentleman to order.
The gentleman is lecturing the committee instead
of speaking upon bis amendment.
Mr. MOLONY. I intend to confine my re-
marks to my amendment. So extraordinary was
the decision of the committee upon this matter,
that I feel constrained to make a few remarks. It
has been objected that these appropriations should
not be made, for the reason that it was no part of
the business of Congress to build these marine
hospitals; and secondly, when built, that the
money should not be appropriated for protecting
and preserving them. In the initiative of this
: matter—the building of marine hospitals—that ar-
fument might be apropos, and have its weight; but
am at a loss to see the force of the argument
! when addressed to the Thirty-second Congress,
who, in their first session, not only considered the
: construction of marine hospitals by the Govern-
| ment as desirable for giving shelter and comfort to
I sick seamen, but they considered itas an object of
' national importance to protect and preserve them
when built. At the last session Congress mads
an appropriation of the public money for the con-
struction of these hospitals, and now, in refusing
an appropriation to protect and preserve them
when built, they are not acting the part.of good ,
economists, certainly. One other remark and I
am done. Economy is a fine thing, and I appeal
to my votes upon the record that I nave advocated
it in my practice as well as in my preaching.
Mr. LETCHER. I call the gentleman to order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman must con-
fine. himself to an explanation of his amendment-
Mr. MOLONY. I will do so. Where is the
