1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
735
merit, and to the whole system of reporting. I
believe if we pursue any course, and retain the
reporters, we had better retain them as they are.
I desire to have a vote upon the amendment.
Mr. POLK. I move that the committee do now
rise.
The question was taken, and there were, upon
a division—ayes 55, noes not counted.
So the committee refused to rise.
Mr. BAYLY. Is the amendment of the gen-
tleman from North Carolina [Mr. Clingman]
pending?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ala-
bama [Mr. Houston] has spoken in opposition to
it, and the question is upon that amendment.
The question was taken upon Mr. Clingman's
amendment, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. BAYLY. Is the original amendment of
my friend from South Carolina [Mr. Woodward]
still open to amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. It is.
Mr. BAYLY. I move to strikeout the word
" hereafter." My object, if I can attain it, is to
apply this payment to the present Congress, and
let future Congresses provide for themselves.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment of the
fentleman from North Carolina [Mr. Stanly] has
een adopted, and it provides expressly that the
law shall so into effect in December, 1853. lthas
therefore decided the question.
The question was then taken upon the adoption
of the amendment offered by Mr. Houston, as
amended, and it was disagreed to. •
Mr. GENTRY. I am happy to cooperate with
the chairman of the Committee on Ways and
Means in forwarding the passage of our appropria-
tion bills, but from my experience in this Hall, I
am not able to see that we can get through this
till to-night, and I therefore move that the com-
mittee do now rise.
Mr. HOUSTON. If this bill is not passed
to-night it will be the middle or last of next week
before we shall finish it.
The question was taken on Mr. Gentry's mo-
tion, and it was disagreed to.
So the committee refused to rise.
The following clause being under consideration:
" For the collection of agricultural statistics and purchase
of seeds, to be paid out of the patent fund, .$5,000
Mr. NEWTON. Mr. Chairman, I offer the
following amendment, to come in after the word
" statistics," in line999:
The analysis of soils and fertilizers, and the purchase
of seed** and agricultural books rendered necessary in ma-
king the annual report, to be expended under the direction
of the Commissioner of Patents, and paid out of the pat-
ent fund, $7,500.
It has been my object while here, and long be-
fore, to do something to benefit the agriculturist.
Here, I have been unable to reach the subject di-
rectly, and all that remains is to offer this little
five minutes amendment. From 1839 up to 1852,
the nation has been in the habit of appropriating
from one thousand to five thousand five hundred
dollars annually, (with the exception of the years
1840, '41and 1846, and nothing during those years,)
for the purpose of collecting agricultural statistics,
and purchase of seeds, to be taken from the patent
fund, without designating any agent, scientific or
financial, to direct or disburse the fund. By im-
plication, the Commissioner of Patents has per-
formed the duty. There being no specification of
objects in the appropriations, except the purchase
of seeds, a large amount of the fund has been ex-
pended in that way, and not to much purpose.
The purchase of seeds abroad or at home, in
the manner they must have been, from thegenera!
expression used in the law, could be nothing but
mechanical. A large proportion have been en-
tirely worthless and never germinated at all. Very
many of those bought abroad, and I think the
larger part, are unacclimated and inappropriate to
our soil and climate.
Foreign seeds are brought here by our agents
abroad as fast as science directs their applicability
and utility. Purchasing a lot of seeds abroad, as
you would a lot of goods, is worth but little more
than to go into the barn-yard of a farmer in the
fall of the year and gather them indiscriminately
and distribute over the country. The object of
this amendment is to designate what we wish
done with the money, and appoint the agent, and
increase the fund. Analyzing soils and fertilizers
may be made highly serviceable and beneficial to
the farming community. If we adopt the amend-
ment,^ will be at least saying we wish the fund
scientifically expended, and not alone mechanic-
ally, and it will be some little advancementon our
part. If you analyze the soil in one locality, and
thereby make discoveries, and have them put into
practice, and the practical benefits far exceed the
outlay, it will be repeated elsewhere and extended.
I wish I had time to extend the practical thoughts
that appear to be connected with this subject; but
I have not. Discovering fertilizers, and their
adaptation to artificial manures, may be made
highly useful.
Mr. Johnson, of New York, took with him to
England, in 1851, a deposit of phosphate of lime,
found in Crown Point, on Lake Champlain, and
presented it to the Royal Agricultural Society, and
they had it analyzed by their Professor Way, who
reported that it contained highly fertilizing prop-
erties; and a house in England has since proposed
to buy the whole deposit. The fertilizing qual-
ities, and mode of applying our muck and peat
that are found in large quantities in our swamps
and waste grounds, as manure to our improved
lands, is a highly-important branch of agricultural
science, that may have an influence anil applica-
tion to almost every farmer in our land. These
articles, if valuable as manures, as they undoubt-
edly are, may be obtained cheaper and more read-
ily than any other; yet their principal utility and
•mode of use are very littleunderstood by the great
mass of farmers. The means of preserving fruit
trees from blight and insects, and the mode of ap-
plying the means, is also a highly-important sub-
ject, and but little understood. If we, by our
direction, can turn the attention of our disbursing
agent of this small sum to tjjese and kindred sub-
jects, much additional information and benefit can
be acquired and communicated to the mass of
farmers and fruitists.
Since the nation first commenced this work it
has been gradually increasing the amount to be
expended until the present Congress, and it has
been productive of great good, in a variety of
ways. From these examples subordinate tribu-
nals have followed the same policy, and society
and individual influence have been awakened and
extended; and now, when there is the greatest
necessity to increase our means, we propose to go
backward instead of forward. This is in keeping
with our policy. We begin to build, and while
the work is in successful progress, abandon it.
The Secretary of the Interior, in his annual mes-
sage, recommends an increase of $2,200 for a li-
brarian, and $1,000 for agricultural books. My
amendment provides for the purchase of books
necessary in making the annual report. The Pat-
ent Office, until within the last two years, has
made the entire report, agricultural and mechan-
ical, in one book. As our country has been in-
creasing, and the science of agriculture advancing,
he has divided the mechanical from the agricultu-
ral, and made two books; the matter in the last,
and the style of the book, are altogether better
than any former one; and with the people the de-
sire to receive the book is increasing in all parts of
the country. In fact, this small fund reaches more
people, conveys more information, and gives more
satisfaction than any other of double the amount
in our Government.
The Secretary, fully aware of these facts, and
well acquainted with the whole subject, has made
the recommendation, and is it not wise for us to
adopt it? There is no place for agriculture. You
have now shut it out of the Patent Office. There
is no one to take charge of it. There are no books
belongingto it. There is no direction of the fund,
except for some one—and nobody knows who—
to gather facts and buy a lot of seeds, and there it
is left. The object is not, or should not be, to ac-
cumulate and compile facts together, but to dis-
cover new ones, and illustrate and explain their
qualities and properties for the general purposes
of life. Here are facilities to acquire and con-
vey information that nowhere else exists in the
nation; and the fact that we are disposed to fur-
nish increased means, would stimulate to more en-
ergetic action, all the various machinery now in
operation in all parts of the Union. We are
making bureaus for everything beside agriculture,
and this we are afraid of, and dare not give it a
clerkship, a name, or a place. I do not know how
long this subject will drag and be neglected; but
it does appear as if the time will come when it will
be understood, regarded,and assisted. Products
are increasing in price; land is increasing in value;
! farmers are more needed; science in farming be-
comes more and more necessary each year, as the
land becomes more impoverished by use and
abuse. A national society convened at the me-
tropolis from all parts of the nation, are urging
us 10 aid them in their exertions to acquire and
diffuse intelligence and science; and yet so little
are thejr regarded, that they cannot obtain a hear-
ing. The inevitable consequence of our neglect is
discouragement in all the various means now em-
ployed and prosecuted.
Mr. HIBBARD. I am opposed tothisamend-
ment, and hope it will not be adopted, and that
this and all others will be voted down.
The question was then taken on the amendment
of Mr. Newton, and it was disagreed to.
Mr. HAVEN. 1 offer the following amend-
ment:
For printing and distributing tlie charts of the lake sur-
veys, $1,500.
Mr. GORMAN. I am opposed to that amend-
ment. I want a vote, and I say to tjie friends of
this bill, who want to get through with it, and not
to consume the next week, let them rise in their
places and ask for a vote.
The question was taken on the amendment of
Mr. Haven, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. I submit the
following amendment under instructions from the
Committee on Commerce:
For salariesof nine supervising and fifty local inspector*
appointed under an act approved August 30, 1852, for the
better protection of the lives of passengers on steamboats,
with traveling and other expenses incurred by them,
$70,000.
The estimates were not sent in season to the
committee, or that appropriation would have been
embraced in the printed bill. At present there is
no appropriation out of which to pay the salaries
of those officers. The amendment ought to be
adopted.
Mr. CHURCHWELL. Mr. Chairman, I pro-
pose the following amendment to the amendment
offered by the honorable gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Seymour:]
For compensation to inspectors of hulls and boilers for
the port of Knoxville, Tennessee, .-*'800, to be appointed in
conformity to the provisions of the ninth section of the act
approved *30th of August, 1852,1' to amend an act entitled
'An act to provide for the better security of the lives of pas-
sengers on board of vessels propelled tn whole or in part by
steam, and for other purposes " the salaries of each of
said officers to be $400.
High up in the rich and fertile valley of the
Tennessee, on a gentle eminence overlooking the
loveliest natural panorama the eye ever scanned,
with a beautiful river washing its base, and bear-
ing upon its bosom the products of its soil, may
be seen tall churches, a towering university, fe-
male institutes, a splendid deaf and dumb asylum,
flourishing manufactories, and an hundred springs
j of the purest water, amid a valley of salt, cliffs
, of marble, and mountains of iron, with a soft and
! healthy climate, equal to any known to man, with
a rapidly-increasing population, and a commerce
doubling itself every year. Sir, this point is the
center of five extensive railroads, proposed and
| being constructed; only twenty.-four hours distant
from the southern sea-board at Charleston and Sa-
vannah, and will soon be connected by the great
Central railroad from New York, through Virginia
and Tennessee, to New Orleans, with the Chesa-
peake, the Ohio and Mississippi rivers, and th e Gulf
of Mexico. Here on this point is situated the city
of Knoxville; look at your map, and you will see
! that it is the present center of the States. My
; amendment is a modest one. It proposes two in-
spectors for the port, and a small appropriation to
, pay them. I am not asking for three or four hun-
dred thousand dollars to erect a magnificent custom-
house to decorate, adorn, and beautify the already
beautiful city which I have the honor to represent.
For the present, I shall be content with the very
| small favor which I ask of this honorable body,
] and which the wants of the Government and that
district require to carry out the provisions of the
late steamboat law, without which it cannot be
executed. Our imports of railroad iron to this
port will be enormous; our shipments abroad are
daily increasing, and all we want is the necessary
; facilities to expedite our commercial arrangements
and carry out the laws. I hope there will be no
opposition to the amendment; it is proper, and has
the recommendation of the honorable chairman of
