THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
32d Congress, 2d Session.
MONDAY, FEBRUARY 21, 1853.
New Series....No. 47.
Mr. STANTO.V, of Kentucky. I appeal from 1
the decision of the Chair, on the ground that there
was a law authorizing the State of Virginia to
make the advance of money, for the return of
which this amendment is intended to provide. 1
Mr. MEADE. There was a law accepting of
an advance from Virginia of $120,000.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair perhaps could
give various reasons for his decision, if he was
called upon; but the committee seem impatient,
and prefer to have a vote taken. [Laughter.]
The question was then taken on sustaining the
decision of the Chair, and it was decided in the
affirmative.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. I offer the follow-
ing amendment:
Sec.—. Jindbeil further enacted, That it shall be the
daty of the Secretary of the Treasury, in the settlement of
the accounts of all custom house officers for services ren-
derd since the passage of the tariff law of 1842, to be gov-
erned by the third section of the act entitled " An act for
the support of the Military Academy of the United States
for the year 1835, and tor other purposes,-' approved July 7,
1838, as the same was revived and continued in force by the
seventh section of the act entitled " An act for the relief of
Chastellain 8t Ponvert, and for other purposes," approved
July *21, 1840; and the compensation of all custom-house
officers for services hereafter rendered shall be governed by
the act regulating the fees of officers of the customs, passed
March 2, 1799, and the act amendatory thereof passed April
26,1816: Provided, That no collector shall receive more
than §4,i'00,no naval officer more than $3,000, and no sur-
veyor shall receive more than 32,500 per annum, nor shall
any officer other than collectors, naval officers, and survey
ors, receive a compensation exceeding §1,500 per annum,
nor shall the union of two or more of those offices in one
person entitle him to receive more than that sum per an-
num.
Mr. STUART. There are several points of
order involved in this amendment, but I will only
state one: It is not in order to offer an additional
section until we have read the bill through.
Mr. STANTON. I desire to state the facts in
the case.
Mr. STUART. 1 object, and insist upon the
decision of the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of the opin-
ion that the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Stanton]
is not in order, as it proposes to change an exist-
ing1 law with reference to appropriations.
Mr. STANTON. I take an appeal from the
decision of the Chair. My amendment will save
a quarter of a million of dollars at least.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides the
amendment of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Stanton] to be out of order. The gentleman ap-
peals from the decision of the Chair, and the ques-
tion now is, " Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the committee?"
The question was then taken, and it was decided
in the affirmative.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I move that the
committee rise.
The question was taken, and it was decided in
the negative.
Mr. CAMPBELL demanded tellers; which
were ordered; and Messrs. Polk, and Stanton
of Kentucky, were appointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 33, noes 78.
The CHAIRMAN. No quorum voting.
[Cries of "Call the roll!" " Call the roll!"]
Mr. STANTON. Is a quorum necessary upon
a motion that the committee rise?
Mr. STUART. It is not necessary to have a ;
quorum upon a motion that the committee rise.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
the rule differently. The Chair ascertains the fact,
by the vote which has just been taken, that there
is no quorum in the committee, and it is his duty,
when that fact is ascertained, to have the roll
called.
Mr. STUART. Upon a motion that the com-
mittee rise a quorum is not necessary.
The CHAIRMAN. If it is decided in the
affirmative it is not necessary.
Mr. STANTON. There is evidently a quorum
present. A great deal of excitement prevailed
47
during the count, and I have no doubt that there
was a miscount. '
The CHAIRMAN. By the unanimous con-
sent of the committee there can be a recount. i
Several Members objected.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I suggest that
it is in the discretion of the Chair to order a re-
count. I believe there is a quorum present.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is informed
that the tellers do not agree in their count. If
there is any difference between the report of the
tellers, of course a recount will be ordered, and
the tellers will again resume their places.
The tellers resumed their places; the question
was again taken, and there were—ayes 16, noes
93. No quorum voting.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will call the !
roll.
The roll was accordingly called, and 126 mem-
bers answered to their names.
The committee then rose, and the Speaker hav-
ing resumed the chair, the chairman (Mr. Orr)
reported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had had under consideration
the state of the Union generally, and particularly
bill of the House No. 337, "making appropn-
' ations for the civil and diplomatic expenses of
' Government for the year ending the 30th of June,
' 1854," and finding itself without a quorum, had
caused the roll to be called, and had directed him
to report the absentees to the House.
A quorum being now present, the committee
resumed its session.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is upon the
motion that the committee do now rise.
Mr. STUART. I desire to make the question
of order, that it is not at all necessary that there
should be a quorum voting upon a motion to rise,
and that when a majority of the votes given are
against the motion to rise, it is the duty of the
Chair to decide that the motion is lost.
The CHAIRMAN. There is an appeal already
pendiilg, and the Chair thinks it would not be
proper to entertain another question of order until
that is disposed of.
The question was then taken, and the committee
refused to rise.
The question recurred upon the appeal from the
decision of the Chair, ruling out of order the
amendment offered by Mr. Stanton, of Ohio.
Mr. STANTON. With the permission of the
committee, I will withdraw the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. It can only be withdrawn
by unanimous consent.
No objection being made, the amendment was
withdrawn.
Mr. HUNTER. I move to strike out the sec-
ond section of the bill, which is as follows:
" Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the following
sum be, and is hereby appropriated, out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for the purchase
and payment of the building at the corner of F street north,
and Seventeenth street west, in the city of Washington,
held by William H. Winder, and now in the occupancy of
the United States, $200.000: Provided, Said William H.
Winder shall make to the United States a good and suffi-
cient title in fee-simple, with general warranty, free from
all liens and incumbrances to said building and premises
on which the same is situated; such title to be approved
and accepted by the Attorney General and the Secretary of
the Treasury, before payment."
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. With the permis-
sion of the gentleman from Ohio, I will say that I
hope the committee will agree to his motion to
strike out the second section of the bill, so that
we may have a vote upon it in the House by yeas I
and nays. Everybody understands it, and it is
not necessary to consume time by debating it. Let
us strike out the section in committee, and have a j
vote upon it by yeas and nays in the House.
Mr. POLK. With the permission of the gen-
tleman from Ohio, I will say that I have no desire
to debate this question. But it is very evident
that the House is not full, and I hope, therefore,
the gentleman will permit the section to remain in
the bill, and then he can have a vote upon his
amendment in the House.
Several Members. Strike out the section.
A Voice. You will have no opportunity to
discuss the question in the House.
Mr. HUNTER. If there is to be no discussion,
I will simply ask for a vote upon my amendment.
Mr. MEADE. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment. The section which it is proposed to strike
out appropriates $200,000 for the purchase of a
building which, 1 understand, cost that amount of
money under the management of its proprietor.
I think our past experience here, in reference to
the buildings now going up, ought to teach this
committee that if we stand in need of a building,
and can find one already built 
Mr. HUNTER. I must claim my five minutes.
Mr. MEADE. You had yielded the floor and
taken your seat when I rose to oppose the amend-
ment.
Mr. HUNTER. No, sir; I had not.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understood
that the gentleman from Ohio had concluded his
remarks, and therefore he assigned the floor to
the gentleman from Virginia to oppose the amend-
ment.
Mr. HUNTER. I said I would yield the floor if
the vote upon my amendment could be taken at
once.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman could not
yield the floor with any such condition annexed.
Mr. MEADE. Am I entitled to the floor?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair so decides.
Mr. MEADE. I was remarking to the com-
mittee, that in view of the vast frauds that are com-
mitted upon theTreasury of the country whenever
any moneys have to be expended by the Govern-
ment, I conceive that we are happy in naving an
opportunity of buying houses already built to our
hands when they are convenient and sufficient for
the purposes for which we require them. Sir,
such a house as this one of Winder's, if built by
the Government, would cost twice the money that
, we propose to appropriate now. This country is
i in need of the building. We have been renting
■ it for years, and we find it well adapted to our
purposes. We can buy it now for a moderate
sum of money, and at a very cheap rate compared
with what it would cost the Government to put
up a precisely similar building. The house is a
new one; it is in repair and perfectly fire-proof,
and I doubt if its foundations are not safer now
than the foundations of the wings of this Capitol
which are in process of erection. If this commit-
tee are desirous of saving the money of the coun-
try, and avoiding the peculations that are always
practiced when buildings of this sort are put up
by the Government under contract, they will sus-
tain the Committee on Ways and Means, who
have put this section in the bill, and refuse to adopt
the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. HIBBARD. I move to amend the section
proposed to be stricken out, by striking therefrom
the proviso. I wish to make one suggestion,
which, if I am not mistaken, will obviate in the
minds of gentlemen all necessity for debatins this
question. The gentlemen from Ohio [Mr. Hun-
ter] moves to strike out the wholeof this section.
That motion must be acceptable to the enemies of
the appropriation, for they are seeking to strike
it out. At the same time I would remind the
friends of the appropriation, that if the motion of
the gentleman from Ohio prevails, the effect will
be simply to bring the question up in the House
when the bill gets there.
Mr. POLK. We will assent to that.
Mr. HIBBARD. We shall then have a full
House, and a fair vote can be had upon the ques-
tion. I hope, therefore, that the amendment of
the gentleman from Ohio will be assented to by
both sides, and without further debate.
Mr. POLK. For one, I withdraw all objec-
tion to the amendment.
Mr. HIBBARD. If there be no objection, I
will now withdraw my amendment to the amend-
ment.
. Mr. CABLE, of Ohio. i propose to amend th«
section by striking out " §200,000."
The CHAIRMAN. That motion is, in effect,
the same as the motion of the gentleman 9 col-
