738
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb 19,
league, [Mr. Hunter,] to strike out the entire
section. The gentleman from Ohio can have an
opportunity of making a five-minutes speech by ob-
jecting to the withdrawal of the amendment to the
amendment, submitted by the gentleman from
New Hampshire.
Mr. CABLE. Well, sir, then I object to the ,
withdrawal of the amendment to the amendment,
although I do not intend to occupy five minutes in ;
the discussion of this subject. I regard the propo-
sition contained in this section as outrageous in j
the extreme. This house of Winder's is an old,
rickety building, which will be of no service or
utility to the Government. The whole proposi-
tion seems to me to be to throw upon the Govern-
ment a building that will be of no use to the indi- ,
vidual who now owns it, when the new wings to
the Capitol and Patent Office Building are com- j
pleted. When those wings are completed, the !
Government will have two thirds more office-room
than it now occupies. This proposition, it seems
to me, is only to put $200,000 into the pockets of
the owner of this house and those interested in it
with him, and to leave a useless building upon the
hands of the Government. That is the whole
amount of it. But, sir, I will add no more, for I
have come to the conclusion, that to talk about
political, or any other kind of economy, to this ,
House, would have the same effect as " whistling i
jigs to a milestone." [Laughter.]
Mr. STUART. With the permission of the
gentleman from Ohio, as he has not quite occupied
his five minutes, I will say a word or two. I ap- (
peal to the friends and to the opponents of this
amendment, without expressing any opinion !
about it, to allow this section to be stricken out. !
It will then be reported as an amendment to the
House, where the yeas and nays can and will be
called, and the House can settle the question in
twenty minutes whether they will buy this build-
ing or not.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Illinois. There will be
no opportunity to discuss the question in the
House, for the previous question will be moved.
Mr. HIBBARD. I withdraw the amendment
to the amendment.
The question was then taken on Mr. Hunter's
amendment, and it was agreed to. I
So the second section of the bill was stricken
out.
Mr. STANLY. I offer the followifig as an ad-1
ditional section to the bill:
Be it further enacted, That the salary ofthe Superintend-
ent of the Coast Survey shall be $6,000 per annum; and it
shall be the duty of the Secretary of the Treasury annually
to report to Congress, during the first month of each regular
session, the number and names of the persons employed
during the last preceding fiscal year upon the Coast Survey,
and the business connected therewith ; the amount of com-
pensation of every kind respectively paid to them, for what
purpose, and the length of time employed ; and further, to
report a full statement of all other expenditures made under
direction ofthe Supeiintendent ofthe Coast Survey.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I am in favor of
the amendment of the gentleman from North Car-
olina, but I must insist upon this question of or- !
der, that there is nothing of the bill remaining upon
which to hang amendments, and that it is not fur-
ther amendable at all.
Mr. STANLY. The amendment can be adopt-
ed in five minutes, if the gentleman from Tennes-
see will not raise that question of order.
Mr. JONES. I would not do it but for the fact
that if we let in this amendment, others will be
offered, and we shall never get through the bill.
Mr. STANLY. There will be no objection, 1
think, to this amendment.
Mr. JONES. If it can be received by unani-
mous consent, 1 have no objection.
Mr. VENABLE. I rise to a question of order
upon that amendment.
Mr. STANLY. Well, sir, I will not detain the
committee and obstruct the public business. I with-
draw the amendment.
Mr. BOWIE. I offer the following, as an ad-
ditional section to the bill:
Jind be it further enacted, That in continuation of the
appropriation for that purpose, and for carrying on the sev
eral Departments of the Government, all persons employed
as clerks, messengers, watchmen, and laborers, or other-
wise, in the civil service of the United States, in the Dis
trict of Columbia, at an annual salary, or in ternpotarv do
sitions, shall receive the same additional per cent comnen I
satinn allowed by the second section of the act entitled "An I
act making appropriations for the civil and diplomatic ex *
Jenaea of the Government for the year ending the 30th of
one, 1853," and for other purposes; that is to say, all whose
compeniation doss not exceed $1,200 shall receive, in addi-
tion thereto, an increased compensation of twenty per cent.; 1
all whose compensation shall exceed and shall be
less than $l.6U0, shall receive an additional ten per cent. 1
upon the amount of their salaries: Provided, That no s-alary
shaM be increased to more than ;$1,60U by the ptrcfiit. or
additional compensation herein provided for, and that the
same shall be paid out of any unappropriated money in the
Treasury : Jind provided further, That tins additional com-
pensation shall not continue longer than the end of the fiscal
year, ending the 30th of June, 1854, unless otherwise au-
thorized by law.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I now raise the
question that no amendment of any character is
in order; that the bill is disposed of, and that there
is nothing now upon which to hang amendments.
Mr. HIBBARD. I rise to a question of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair must first de-
cide the question of order raised by the gentleman
from Tennessee.
Mr. JONES. I submit that we have passed the
first section of the bill, and have stricken the sec-
ond section out. There is, therefore, nothing left
for us to amend.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair, according to
his understanding of the rules, will be compelled
to overrule the point of order, though he would
be very happy if the committee would overrule his
decision. [Laughter.]
Mr. JONES. I ask the Chair, what there is
left to amend ?
The CHAIRMAN. Well, the Chair will con-
fess that he does not perceive anything. j
Mr. JONES. Then I ask that the committee
rise, and report the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
motion cannot be put so long as any gentleman
desires to offer an amendment.
Mr. JONES. I submit that no further amend-
ment can be offered. I appeal from the decision
of the Chair.
Mr. HALL. I want to object to the amend-
ment upon another ground.
The CHAIRMAN. The question raised by
the gentleman from Tennessee is a distinct one
from that raised by the gentleman from New
Hampshire, [Mr. Hibbard,] or that which the
gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Hall] has indi-
cated his purpose to offer. The gentleman from
Tennessee submits that inasmuch as the commit-
tee have passed the first section of the bill, and
stricken out the second, there is nothing left to
amend, and that therefore no amendment whatever
is in order. The Chair decides, that according to
the uniform practice in the committee, so far as he
recollects, and according to his understanding of j
the rules, amendments are in order at the end of |
the bill. Prom this decision the gentleman from j
Tennessee takes an appeal. The question there-
fore is, "Shall the decision of the Chair remain J
as the judgment of the committee?"
Mr. BOWIE. I ask the Chair to understand
that I offer this as an independent section, and not
as attached to any part of the bill.
The question was taken, and the decision of the
Chair was sustained—ayes 65, noes not counted.
Mr. HIBBARD. 1 rise to a question of order.
The salaries of these officers are now fixed by law,
and this amendment proposes to increase their
salaries, and thereby change that law.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point raised by the gentleman from New Hamp- <
bhire, and decides the amendment to be out of
order. |
Mr. BOWIE. I appeal from that decision.
Mr. MEADE. Would the Chair he very hap-
py now to have the committee overrule his decis-
ion? [Laughter.]
The question was taken, and the decision of the I
Chair was sustained as the judgment of the com- j
mittee. |
Mr. HOUSTON. I move that the committee j
rise and report the bill to the House.
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. I move the follow-
ing amendment:
Skc. —. Be it further enacted, That it shall be the duty ;
of the Secretary of the Treasury, in the settlement of tile .
accounts of all officers of the customs for service^ rendered I
since the passage of tile tariff of 184-2, and for such services !
as tliey may render hereafter, to be governed by the third
section of the act entitled " An act for the support of the
Military Academy of the United States for the year 18:18,
and for other purposes," approved July 7, 183K, a« the
same was revived and continued in force by the seventh
section of the act entitled " An act for the relief of Chastel j
lain & Ponvert, and lor other purposes," approved July '21, ,
1840, until some law expressly prescribing a different rate
of compensation shall be passed.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I rise to a question 1
of order. The amendment is out of order; in the
first place, because it is argumentative, and in the
second place, because it proposes to change an
, existing law.
Mr. STANTON. I have one word to say. It
is merely dealing with former appropriation bills,
j It does nothing more than to act upon them, and
I there is a question involving §200,000 .connected
with it.
[Cries of " Order!" " Order !"]
The CHAIRMAN. It is not in order for the
gentleman to discuss the question of order. The
Chair sustains the question of order, and decides
the amendment to be out of order.
Mr. HIBBARD. I move that the committee
do now rise and report the bill.
Mr. DUNCAN. I appeal from the decision of
the Chair in ruling the amendment of the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Stanton| .ml <>l order.
Mr. Chairman, I just want to say that this
amendment, if passed, will save the country half
a million of dollars' expense.
The question now being, "Shall the decision of
the Chair stand as the judgment of the commit-
teg -
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio, demanded tellers;
but they were not ordered.
The question was then taken, and the decision
of the Chair was sustained as the judgment of the
committee.
I Mr. HIBBARD. I now renew my motion that
the committee rise and report the bilk
Mr. GOODRICH. I have an amendment to
offer. I move the following as an additional sec-
tion of the bill:
Sec. 2. Jlnd he it further enacted, That the Secretary or
the Treasury be, and is hereby, authorized and directed to
pay to such persons as have been or are em ployed as United
States weighers, gaugers, or measurers, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, such' portion
as has not yet been paid, of the fpes earned by them for
their services, according to the provisions of (he act enti-
tled " An act to establish the compensations of the officers
employed in the collection of the duties on imports and
tonnage, and for other purposes," approved March 2, 1799,
and the act entitled An act to increase the compensation
now allowed by law to inspectors, measurers, weighers,
and gaugers, employed in the collection of the customs,>T
approved April 96, 1816: Provided, That beforeanr such
payment, it shall be established by a decision of the Su-
preme Court of Ihe United States, that United States weigh-
ers, gangers, and measurers have been or are legally enti-
tled to all the fees accruing to them, as prescribed liy the
said acts of March 2, 1799, and April 26, 1816; and it iff
hereby made competent for any person who has been or is
employed as United States weigher, gauger, or measurer
to maintain any action at lawagainst any collector or other
officer under whom he has served, in order to bring the
question before the Supreme Court of the United States.
Mr. PHELPS. That proposes to appropriate
money not authorized by existing laws. I sub-
mit that it is not in order.
Mr. GOODRICH. On that subject I beg to
say a word.
Mr. LETCHER. I object to any discussion
upon the point of order.
Mr. PHELPS. This is all provided for by ex-
isting laws, and there can be no need of the amend-
ment if it were in order.
[Cries of " Order!"' " Order !"]
Mr. GOODRICH. Mr. Chairman, I have not
before opened my mouth in this House during the
present session; and I hope the House will allow
me to say one word. The effect of this amend-
ment is simply this: it proposes to appropriate
money to pay the officersofthe custom-houses pre-
cisely what the law allows them.
Mr. HIBBARD. Has not the Attorney Gen-
eral decided that they could not be paid under that
law ?
Mr. LETCHER. I rise to a question of order.
I want to know if this debate is in order ?
Mr. GOODRICH. I want to state just one
fact further. It is this 
Mr. LETCHER. I call the gentleman to or-
der.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman cannot
proceed if objected to.
Mr. MEADE. I was about to state one fact
which the Chair is not aware of.
[Shouts of "Order!"]
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will decide the
question. The gentleman from Missouri [Mr.
Phelps] raises the question that the amendment
changes theexisting laws, and provides for salaries
not heretofore provided for.
Mr. GOODRICH. If the Chair will allow me,
I will show that such is not the case.
