1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
739
[Cries of " Order !"J
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order, and decides the amendment to be j
out of order. J
Mr. GOODRICH. No, sir. That is not the
fact. If the committee will allow me but a mo-
ment, by unanimous consent, to state a fact in
connection with this matter, I could show that it
is in order.
The CHAIRMAN. Thegentleman cannot pro-
ceed if objected to.
Mr GOODRICH. The Attorney General has
decided 
[Loud cries of "Order!" "Order!"]
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman ap-
peal from the decision of the Chair?
Mr. GOODRICH. Yes, sir; I must appeal;
and I desire to state the grounds upon which 1
appeal.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman can state
the grounds of his appeal, but he must confine
himself to that.
Mr. GOODRICH. The objection which is
raised against this amendment is, that it makes an
appropriation not authorized by law, whereas such
is not the fact. It has been stated that it makes
a construction against a high law officer, whereas
it is in exact conformity to his opinion. I can
show that it is in exact conformity to that opinion,
and I will do it if the Chair will allow me.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the gen-
tleman is debating, and not stating the grounds of
his appeal.
The question was then taken, and the decision
of the Chair was sustained by the committee.
Mr. FAY. I have an amendment which 1 de-
sire to offer.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Illinois. I desire to know
what has become of the motion that the committee
rise and report the bill to the House ? I ask that
that motion be put.
The CHAIRMAN. That motion cannot be
put so long as any gentleman addresses the Chair,
and indicates that he has an amendment to offer.
Mr. PAY. I offer the following amendment as
an additional section to the bill:
Sec. 3. Be it further enacted, That the Selectmen of the
town of Chelsea, in the Stale of Massachusetts, be, and
they are hereby, authorized and empowered to lay out and
make a way or street not exceeding fifty feet in width over
lands of Ihe United Slates, situated in Chelsea, in said
Commonwealth, north of the marine hospital. Said way
or street to connect the east end of Third street with ihe
west end of Middlesex street, in the village of Chelsea:
Provided, Thai said right of way can, in the opinion of the
Secretary of the Treasury, be granted without prejudice to
the public interest; and if said way shall be discontinued,
the right hereby granted shall revert to the United States.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. I will state a
fact, if the committee will give me leave. The
gentleman from Massachusetts presented this sub-
ject to the Committee on Commerce, and we could
see no objection to it. It proposes only to give
the right of way for the construction of a street
through a village. It makes no appropriation. It
only permits them to lay out a street.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 'Yes; and then
•we will have to fence the street on both sides.
{Laughter.] I submit that the amendment is out
of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules the
amendment out of order.
Mr. FAY. J appeal from the decision of the
Chair, and I wish to state the grounds of my ap-
peal.
Mr. STANLY. This is the only amendment
our friend from Massachusetts lias offered this
session; and as he has just come here, let it pass.
Mr. FAY. Am I not at liberty to state the
grounds of my appeal ?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman has.
Mr. FAY. This is an appropriation bill, and
the amendment which I propose is for the appro-
priation of a few roods of the public domain for
the convenience of the inhabitants of Chelsea to
pass over. It is no sale. It is no grant, and
therefore it is an appropriation. And another
reason is, that you have appropriated the public
lands in this city to the charge of the public gar-
dener, which is a deviation from the appropriation
of money. This is also offered under the head of
miscellaneous items, where I think the amendment
is in order. If I had three or four minutes I be-
lieve I could convince every member of this House
that the request is reasonable and proper.
Mr. DUNHAM. I submit that thegenileman
is not ill order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state that
this appropriation bill appropriates money and
not land. [Laughter.] The question is, "Shall :
the decision of the Chair stand as the judgment of
the committee?"
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. I wish to say,
with great respect to the Chair, that this amend-
ment does not propose to appropriate land, but J
merely permits a street to run across it.
The CHAIRMAN. It gives the right of way.
The question was taken and it was decided in
the affirmative.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. GOODENOW offered the following as an
additional section to the bill:
Sec. —. Jim! be it further enacted, That no clerk in any
of the judicial courts of the United States, who shall act as
attorney or counsel m any ol said courts, shall receive any
part of the money appropriated m tins bill.
j Mr. STUART. I submit that the amendment
i is not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules it out of
order.
Mr. GOODENOW. I beg leave to say 
[Cries of "Order!" "Order!"]
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman ap-
peal ?
Mr. GOODENOW. I do, most respectfully.
The question being, " Shall the decision of the
Chair stand as the judgment of the committee?" it
was put and decided in the affirmative.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. BOWIE. At the instance of the Commit-
tee on Public Buildings and Grounds,. I offer the
following amendment: ,
Jin A be it enacted, That the circuit court of the District
of Columbia be, and it is hereby, authorized and required,
on the application ol the proprietor or proprietors of the lots
lying on North Capitol street, by petition m writing,to issue
i a writ in the nature of a writ of ad quod damnum, di-
rected to the Marshal of the District, to inquire by a jury,
duly empanneled and sworn, the amount ol damages sus
tained by said proprietors, or any of them, by reason of the
excavations made on said street by the late Commissioner
Murid, and the present Commissioner of Public Buildings,
for obtaining earth, gravel, and sand, to improve Maryland
and New Jersey avenues, and Twelfth street west; and
the amount ascertained by said inquisitions, when the same
shall be duly ratified and approved by tile court, shall be
paid by the Secretary of the Treasury out of any unappro-
priated money ill the Treasury, upon presentation of a copy
of the inquisition duly certified under seal of said court.
Mr. STUART. I raise a point of order .upon
that amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides the
amendment out of order.
Mr. STUART. I move that the committee do
now rise, and report the bill to the House.
Thequestion was put,and the motion was agreed
to.
Thecommitteeaccordingly rose, and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, the chairman of the
committee (Mr. Orr) reported that the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union had had
under consideration the state of the Union gener-
ally,and particularly House biil No. 337, making
appropriations for the civil and d iplomatic expenses
of the Government for the year ending June 30,
1854, and had directed him to report the same with
sundry amendments.
Mr. STANLY. I offer the following amend-
1 ment to the- bill, and then move to recommit the
bill to the Committee on Ways and Means, and
upon that, call the previous question.
The amendment offered by Mr. Stanly was as
follows:
Jin,I be it further enacted, That the salary of the Su
periiitendent of the Coast Survey shall be per an-
num, and it shall be the duly of the Secretary of the lute
rior to report to Congress during the first month of each
regular session, the number and names of the person* em-
ployed during the last preceding fiscal year upon Ihe Const
Survey and business connected therewith; the amount of
compensation of every kind respectively paid to them, for
i what purpose, and the length of time employed, and fur
ther to report a full statement of all other expenditures
made under the direction of the Superintendent of the
Coast Survey.
The previous question was then seconded, and
the main question ordered to be put.
Mr. JONES moved to reconsider the vote by
which the main question was ordered to be put,
and also to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table; which latter motion was agreed to.
1 Mr. HOUSTON. As the House may wish to
see the action of the Committee on Ways and
j Means upon Senate amendments to the deficiency
bill, I will, with their consent, report the bill, and
ask ihat the amendments inay be printed.
It was reported, and the amendments ordered
to be printed.
On motion by Mr. LETCHER, the House
adjourned, to meet on Monday next, at eleven
o'clock, a. m.
IN SENATE.
Monday, February 21, 1853.
Prayer by the Rev. James Gallaher.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a message from the President of the United
States, communicating, in answer to a resolution
of the Senate of the 14th instant, certain informa-
tion relative to the fisheries on the coast of Flor-
ida; which was ordered to lie on the table and be
printed.
Also, a communication from the Secretary of
the Navy, communicating, in compliance with a
resolution of the 17th instant, a copy of the report
made to that Department by the commissioner
appointed to examine the quantities and qualities
of the several coal fields and coal mines on the
western waters; which was ordered to lie on the
table and be printed.
THE HOMESTEAD BILL.
Mr. HUNTER. I move to postpone all the
prior orders for the purpose of taking up the bill
from the House of Representatives making appro-
priations for the support of the Army for the year
ending June 30, 1854. I wish to remind sentle-
men that after Friday week we shall have no more
time for legislative action.
Several Senators. Let us have the morning
bU61H688.
Mr. HUNTER. If it is the desire of 'he Sen-
ate to proceed with the morning business, 1 will
not make my motion until twelve o'clock.
Mr. WALKER. I move to dispense with all
the prior orders, with a view to take up the bill
from the House of Representatives commonly
known as the homestead bill.
Several Senators. Let us have the morning
business. .
Mr. WALKER. That morning business will
postpone the bill without a vote until after the end
of the present session, and I make the motion that
we may see whether we are to have the vote upon
it during this Congress or not; and upon that nio-
1 tion I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I do hope and trust
that the motion of the Senator from Wisconsin
will prevail. The friends of the homestead bill
have sat by patiently in order to give other meas-
ures a chance; but the end of the session is close
upon us, and unless the homestead bill be acted
upon now we must lose it. There are several
Senators who are ready to proceed upon it, and I
trust that it will be taken up, and that we may be
enabled to vote on it to-day.
Mr. DOWNS. I am in favor of the homestead
bill, and I wish to take it up at the earliest possi-
ble day; but I do not wish to have it taken up this
: morning. 1 have a bill which was made the spe-
cial order of the day for about a month ago. On
that day it was passed by, and 1 gave notice that
I should ask the Senate to take it up last Saturday,
I but then I gave way to other measures, and gave
i notice that "I would call it up this morning i hope
the Senate will allow me to take it m> to-day and
dispose of it. It is a bill to grant lands to the State
of Louisiana to aid that State in preventing inun-
dations from the Mississippi. 1 think it will not
take half an hour to dispose of it, and unless it be
| disposed of this morning, there may not be an-
, other opportunity during my term in the Senate.
It is a matter in which my constituents feel great
interest, and I hope, therefore, that the Senator
■ from Wisconsin will withdraw his motion until
that bill is disposed of. I shall then concur most
cordially with him in takingup the homestead bill.
Mr. WALKER. If I had not sooften yielded,
or if not yielded been so often voted down, upon,
this question, 1 certainly should accommodate
the Senator from Louisiana. But during the whole
of the last session, after this bill reached us, the
same objection was made to taking it up as is now
made. It was made several times, I recollect, by
an honorable Senator from Illinois, a friend ot the
