1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
741
United States, he shall cause a pro rata payment to be made,
according to the terms of the contract, for the work so com-
pleted, in the bond* of the Government, issued under the
provisions of this act, and by a grant of four fifths of the
public land*- to which the completion of the said filty miles
may entitle said contractors, and so on tor each successive
fifty miles, until the rnad shall have been completed and
the terms of their contracts complied with, when they shall
be entitled to receive the remaining fifth of said public
lands ; and, m the ei-ent of a failure on the part of the con-
tractors to comply with the provisions of this act, the road,
together with the appurtenances, inclulling the running
machinery and means of transportation, shall be forfeited,
and become the property of the United States."
That provision of the bill is a perfect answer to
the harangue of the honorable Senator from Illi-
nois, with regard to the expenditure of this money
within the States before the road could be built in
the Territories.
I do not wish to protract the debate on the pro-
visions of the Pacific railroad bill. In my humble
judgment, that bill has been killed by the adop-
tion of the amendment of the Senator from Illi-
nois, because that amendment makes no provision
for the connection of the road through the Terri-
tories with other roads in the States. It will re-
quire a great deal more capital to build the road
than will be advanced by the Government under
this bill. All that the Government advances is
$20,000,000 in bonds, and at the outside, twelve
million dollars'worth of lands. That amount will
not construct a road to the Pacific. It will take
$100,000,000 or upwards, to construct the road.
Then those who might contract for its construc-
tion would have to invest three fourths of their
capital in order to enable them to get any portion
ofthe money of the Government. Now, in order
to induce capitalists to build this road, you must
put the bill in such a condition that there shall be
insured to them, if ( may use that term, their capi-
tal and reasonable profit on it. This bill, as it
was originally reported, did that, because it pro-
posed to make one continuous work of it from be-
ginning to end. The amendment of the Senator
from Illinois has disjointed the bill in this particu-
lar. The parties must go forward to build the
road in the Territories, leaving the connections to
be made with it subject to the pleasure of the
States. How are they to begin in the Territories ?
They will have to use the roads of companies in
the States in order to get their iron and materials
there. They can get nothing there in order to
commence, unless it be by the use of the roads of
companies in the States. Those companies may
not permit them to use their roads for the purpose
of getting their materials there, or may charge
what freight they choose, and after this road shall
have been constructed, these companies might or
might not make it profitable, according as th^ir
pleasure or interest might dictate in reference to
the connections to be made.
Mr. SHIELDS. Will the honorable Senator
answer me two questions?
Mr. RUSK. A thousand, iftheSenatorchooses.
Mr. SHIELDS. First, is there any one of the
frontier States that cannot make this road with
the lands alone?
Mr. GWIN. Yes, sir. California cannot do
it.
Mr. SHIELDS. Second, can this road be
made with the lands alone through the Territories?
Mr. RUSK. The original bill proposes no
such thing. I do not know things in the future.
I cannot see into the future like some gentlemen, i
It is as much as I can do to see and to remember
what has passed. I cannot fortell what may hap- j
pen, but I would say to him, that my opinion is j
that the road cannot be made with the lands alone; j
and therefore it was that I provided in the bill for j
the advance of a certain amount of money. j
The amendment of the Senator from Illinois has j
disjointed the bill, and made it incongruous and i
unjust in another particular, and that is this: the i
bill provided, that in consideration of the advance ;
of the bonds of the Government and the grant of |
the lands, the company should carry the mails, !
the troops, munitions of war, and supplies belong- j
ing to the Government, free of charge, along the j
whole line of the road. Now, does the Senator j
suppose that we can ask Arkansas, or Missouri, |
or any State through which roads may go to con-
nect with this, to grant, us that privilege? The
Senator has chosen to throw Texas into that list.
Well, sir, I represent Texas, and I am proud of
the honor, much abused as she has been. And I
win inform the gentleman before this session closes,
of some of the treatment of this Government
towards Texas. I shall ask him before the close
of the session, whether he is willing to cast a vote
to violate the provisions of a treaty, for the pur-
pose of inflicting serious injury on Texas? But,
sir, " sufficient unto the day is the evil thereof."
When that question comes up, I shall be ready to
meet it. Let me ask him, would it be right or
proper to require California, Texas, Iowa, or any
other State, to build a portion of this road without
any help from us, and then to carry, free of charge,
the arms and munitions of war of the United
States? Would that be just? Would it be fair?
Would it be liberal to California? But, says the
honorable Senator, California can build the road
herself, with the land given her, without a dollar
from the Treasury. What, sir, California build
several hundred miles of road for a few miserable
acres of land! I suppose there is means enough
in California to build the road. California is deeply
interested in it; but it is a great national road, and
the Atlantic States are as deeply interested in its
construction as California. The construction of
this road will double their markets. It will double
the markets for every article of industrial produc-
tion throughout the whole country, and furnish
us what we so much need, a steady home market;
and in this the Atlantic States are as deeply mter-
i ested, nay more deeply than California and Ore-
] gon. What sort of justice is it to require her to
J contend with all the difficulties of the present cir-
cuitous route? Plour there is from $20 to $30 a
barrel, in consequence of the tax which this Gov-
ernment imposes upon her by a circuitous, danger-
ous, and sickly route? Where is the justice of
requiring California to contribute the largest share
i of the cost to a great national work, in which the
whole of these United States are interested ? You
are to give large sums of money to build it over
sterile territories. You have given alternate sec-
tions for six miles on each side to make roads,
which are to a great extent local in their character.
Now, sir, 1 do not complain of Illinois getting
such grants. I voted for all of those grants which
have come forward since I have been here. I give
her Senators great credit for their ingenuity; but
I say, serve all alike. Treat California just as you
i have treated Illinois.
Mr. SHIELDS. That is just what I intended
to do.
i Mr. RUSK. That is not the honorable Sena-
, tor's amendment, and I do not place my hopes
on what is going to happen, particularly after what
1 have already seen.
Mr. SHIELDS. The honorable Senator will
permit me to tell him this: Let the Government
first make theroad through itsown territory; then,
when the road is done through the territory, when
it reaches Texas, give her lands to join the road
that runs through the Territories; Arkansas the
same 
Mr. ADAMS. I rise to a question of order.
Mr. SHIELDS. Iowa the same.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator from Mis-
sissippi is entitled to the floor on a question of
order.
Mr. RUSK. I yield. I know I am out of or-
der; but I did not begin the debate.
Mr. WALKER. I hope the vote will betaken
on the motion to take up the homestead bill.
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 feel that it is due to myself
and my colleague that I should make a few re-
marks. It has been repeated over and over again,
that the amendment of my colleague killed the
Pacific railroad bill. I do not understand upon
what ground that charge is made. Sir, the bill
with the amendment of my colleague appropriates
precisely the same amount of land for the whole
road that it did without the amendment. Under
the bill, as amended upon the motion of my col-
league, there is precisely the same amount of
money appropriated for the road that there was
by the bill without the amendment. Then the
amendment has not diminished the amount of
means provided for the construction of the road,
either in money or in land. The road under the
original bill, was one work from the valley of the
Mississippi to the Pacific. Under the amendment
it is one work. If a company take the road under
the bill as amended, they get precisely the same
amount of means to aid in its construction, that
they would have had if the amendment had not
been made, both in land and money. What dif-
ference, then, does it make to the company who
i shall construct this road, whether the amendment
j prevailed or not? It makes no difference so far as
the means provided are concerned. It mak$3 no
difference so far as their powers and facilities for
the construction of the road are concerned.
Mr. RUSK. Will the Senator permit me to ask
a question ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. With great pleasure.
Mr. RUSK. Suppose California should build
five hundred miles, how much money in bonds
would she get.
Mr. DOUGLAS. That is not a supposable
case under the bill as it stood before, or now stands
with the amendment. Under the bill as it stands,
the President of the United States is to indicate
the route for one road from the eastern to the west-
ern terminus; but if he locates it within the States,
there are lands given for that portion of it; and in
the Territories, land and money for the portion of
it that runs through those Territories.
Mr. GW1N. The Senator will permit me to
ask him how much land per mile will be given to
the State of California under the amendment of his
colleague ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will answer the question:
Precisely the same amount as was given by the
bill before the amendment.
Mr. GWIN. Will that make the road ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. If the Senator will only
listen to me, he will find that both himself and the
Senator from Texas have been laboring under a
mistake as to the provisions of their own bill.
Mr. GWIN. I hope so.
Mr. DOUGLAS. By their bill, no land was
given to California; none to any other State; but
land was given to the company to construct the
road through the States, if it should be located
within the States; and there was, in addition, an
appropriation of twenty millions of money given
to the company. The only effect of the amend-
ment of my colleague is, that those twenty millions
thus appropriated shall be applied by the com-
pany to the construction of that part of the road
which may be within the Territories and not within
the States. But as the company have but one
road to make, as it is all one concern, they are
provided by the bill with the same amount of
lands and the same amount of money to construct
the whole that they would have had if the amend-
ment had not been made. That amendment pro-
vides that in the application of the money they
shall only apply it to that part of the road located
in the Territories. In other words, as the bill stood
i before, they would have got a less amount of
money per mile than they now get; but as the
bill now stands, with the amendment of my col-
! league, as the length of the road upon which the
| money is to be applied is shortened, the amount of
money granted per mile is increased. Now, sir,
| what difference does it make to the company, if
\ they have twenty millions of dollars to enable
i them to construct that road, whether they shall
apply it in the Territories or in the States ? They
have the same means for the construction of the
wholeroad. Thereisnogentleman here, therefore,
who can demonstrate that that amendment has
diminished the means, the aid, and the facilities
for the construction ofthe road one iota.
Mr. HUNTER. I am constrained to rise to a
question of order.
Tfte PRESIDENT. The Chair must announce
, to the Senator that the question before the body is
, on proceeding to the consideration of the home-
stead bill.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I know that that is the ques-
■ tion, but I trust my friend from Virginia will not
call me to order now, because points have been
made against my colleague and myself for our
votes, and I wish an opportunity of replying to
them.
Mr. HUNTER. I withdraw the point of or-
der.
Mr. DOUGLAS. If the gentlemen who made
these charges against us had been called to order,
and not been allowed to proceed, that would have
been right; but as one side has been heard, the
other should have a chance to reply. The Senator
from Texas said that this amendment disjointed
his bill. How has it disjointed it? Before the
amendment was adopted, the bill provided for one
road from the Mississippi valley to the Pacific;
but it also piuviueil, in the event the road should
be located in a State that it should not be made ex-
cept by the authority of that State given through
