746
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 21,
it now. And there is another reason why I am op-
posed to taking it up: the measure for the adjust-
ment of the claims of the Texas creditors, whose
monev is now lying in the Treasury, ought to be
considered. There are widows and orphans that
want iheir money. The five millions of dollars
are now lying in the Treasury, and there are per-
sons who are willing to take it and sign off. I
understood the honorable Senator from Indiana
was to call that bill up. The homestead bill
will require discussion which cannot be bestowed
upon it within the short time that we have left
this session. The other matter requires little dis-
cussion. And it seems to me if we give to the
homestead persons all the land that they may
claim, and give to the road all that may be appro-
priated to it, we leave none to the poor Indians
over whom we have heard such strains of elo-
quence poured nut in the Senate.
Mr. BRIGHT. The Senator froih South Car-
olina says I was to have moved the Texas debt
bill at an early day. I did so, and it was made the
special order for fast Friday, at one o'clock. At
that hour, the honorable Senator from Tennessee
[Mr. Bell] had the floor, addressing the Senate
upon the railroad bill, and I have had no oppor-
tunity since to call it up. This was the first spe-
cial order made this session. It has been overrid-
den day after day by various other measures,
which I regret as much as the Senator from South
Carolina. It is due to the Committee on Finance,
who has had this subject in charge for the last
eighteen months, that it should be disposed of in
some way, and with the promise, on the part of
the friends of the Pacific railroad bill, that their bill
should be disposed of last week, I did not press
the Texas debt bill on Friday St one o'clock, as I
ought to have done and should have done, had it
not been for interrupting the honorable Senator
from Tennessee in the middle of his speech.
On Saturday I was appealed to by the friends
of the railroad bill to offer no opposition to taking
up that measure, for that a final vote would ana
should be taken that day. Well, we did take a
vote on an amenJment, which the honorable Sen-
ator from Texas pronounced decisive. He de-
clared the bill dead; yet when I tried to obtain the
floor this morning to move the Texas debt bill, it
was awarded to one of the friends of this dead,
but it appears resuscitated measure; and along
with this motion comes one made by the honor- |
able Senator from Iowa to take up the homestead
bill, a measure, it is well known here and else- !
where, that I am friendly to, and that I shall vote
for. But by voting against the motion of the hon-
orable Senator from Iowa now, without an expla-
nation, I would be thrown into* false position;
therefore I desir; to explain. I vote against taking
up the railroad bill because I am opposed to fur-
ther legislation on that subject during this session.
I rote against taking up tne hoftiestead bill this
morning, because the Texas debt bill has priority
in the order of business upon our calendar, and
because I wish to rid myself 6f further censure in
consequence of not pressing this measure, accord-
ing to the requirements of the committee that I in
part represent in the matter. Let the friends of ,
the homestead join me in taking up this prior or-
der, and so soon as disposed of, which I hope
will be before we adjourn to day, I will gladly,
willingly lend my aid in considering that bill. I
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I trust that after the '
remarks of the honorable Senator from South >
Carolina no real friend of the homestead bill will
flinch on this occasion. Sir, the advocates of that
measure have submitted to every sort of delay and ;
putting back that the friends of any measure could
submit to. My friend from South Carolina is a ,
bold man. He is opposed to the measure, and he
does not want it taken up. He wishes to give it
the go-by. When I profess friendship for a meas-
ure I shall show it by my acts. I am a friend to
the homestead bill. It is one of those bills which
have no agents sitting on the seals at the back of
us here, to urge its claims. It is a measure for
the houseless and homeless emigrants who have
no one here to urge their claims upon us. It is |
for the toiling millions, who cannot come here as ■
the advocates of the Texas debt and other claims
can. I trust now, after the declaration by the
Senator, we will have a fair and square vote on the
motion to take up the homestead bill.
Mr. BRIGHT. I do not know whether my
friend from Iowa intended by his remark to create
the impression that I am opposed to the home-
| stead bill.
Mr. DODGE. The Senator's declaration is
enough for me. His word that he is for it is
sufficient.
Mr. BRIGHT, I have already said that 1
was a friend to the homestead bill and desired its
passage, and I now add that 1 believe its prospects
will be promoted by taking up business in its
order; and the first order,by every parliamentary
rule or usage, is the bill reported by the Commit-
tee on Finance, twelve months ago, which pro-
vides for paying the debt of Texas. It was made
a special order for the first week in January, and
before any other bill af the session. As one of
th£ committee who reported it, I have, as the Sen-
ate will bear me witness, sought on all proper oc-
casions to bring about its consideration; and I do
not feel that I have been the least remiss in m/
duties so far aa this measure is concerned. There-
fore, when the honorable Senators from South
Carolina and Virginia express their surprise at
the delay in this matter, and indirectly blame me
for it, 1 say to them it is not my fault, but the
fault of a majority of this body.
Mr. GWIN. Allow me to say,Mr. President,
to the Senator from Indiana', that 1 do not think
he will accomplish his object by voting against
- the motion to take up the homestead bill. If he
is in favor of the Texas debt bill, and also of the
homestead bill, why should he reject the motion
which is now made? If he had obtained the flocr
in the first place and made the motion to take up
the Texas debt bill, I would have voted for it; but
now, since the Senator from Wisconsin [Mr.
Walker] has made the motion to take up the
homestead bill, and that is the question now be-
fore us, it seems to me that we should have an
opportunity to act upon it. If he had obtained
i tne floor first, and made the motion to take up the
| Texas debt bill, I would have voted with him,
although I look upon the homestead bill as the
1 most important. All thefriends of the homestead
, bill want is, that it shall have an, opportunity to
i be considered.
J Mr. MASON. Mr. President, the measure in
' relation to the Texas debt was brought before the
Senate at the last session in the form of a bill re-
ported by the Committee on Finance. It was
brought in, however, at a very late period in the
last session. Finding that it could not \>e acted
upon, Senators will remember that I offered as an
amendment to an appropriation bill, that which 1
shall offer as an amendment to the bill reported by
the Committee on Finance—a measure simply to
authorize the payment of this fund to the State of
Texas as fast as the releases come in. That is the
measure; and I have waited day after day for an
opportunity of presenting it to the Senate as an
amendment to the bill which was reported from
the Committee on Finance. Now, sir, that is a
dependent measure, and I shall have the option of
presenting that measure as an amendment to an
appropriation bill, or as an amendment to the bill
reported by the Committee on Finance when it
comes under consideration. What do Senators
now propose ? It is that we shall lay by all these
measures upon which the Senate has deliberated,
for the purpose of taking up one which has not
been before the Senate—the homestead bill.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. The homestead bill
has been before this body since May last. It has
been made the special order two or three different
times during this session, and when Senators have
besought me to allow other bills to be considered,
I have given way.
Mr. MASON. What I mean to say is this: It
has been before the Senate because it has been
reported from a committee, and it has been made
a special order, but it has never been taken up. It
has never been deliberated upon. It is not now
in progress before the Senate. But the Texas
debt bill has been taken up and deliberated upon,
and in some way, I do not know how, it has been
superseded by other measures, which have taken
the precedence. I submit to the Senate, if they are
to do any business in order, is it not better to finish
the subjects which have been under deliberation,
i before we proceed to take up those which are
entirely new ? I regret that 1 felt constrained to
take the floor from my friend from Indiana; but I
| wish to say that I feel some responsibility in rela-
tion to the bill relating to the Texas debt.
I Mr. BRIGHT. I merely wish to say, in reply
to the remark of the Senator from California, who
said that if I had made the motion to take up the
Texas bill fmtt, he would have sustained it, that
I supposed the morning hour would be devoted
to morning business, and that, as a general rule
except in an extreme case, I never asked to change
the regular orders of the Senate. It is to this class
of motions we are indebted for the waste of time
that follows our legislation here day after day.
Mr. BUTLElt. I would merely reply to the
honorable Senator from Iowa, [Mr. Dodge,] that
1 said I was opposed to the homestead bill, but
it is not my mode of meeting a question by post-
poning it, or anything of that sort. I expect to
meet it. I know it will come up. I take it for
granted the bill is to be discussed, but whenever it
is discussed, I think the Pacific railroad bill should
be discussed at the same time, because they are
antagonistic. There is no disguising the fact, that
if the homestead bill is passed, and persons go on
and settle the lands, the means left for the building
of the road will be themore limited. It must be so,
and I think that point was well presented to the
Senate by the Senator from Tennessee, [Mr. Bell.]
These are important measures, which whenever
they are considered, should be considered togeth'er.
I shall have to meet the homestead bill. If the land
is sufficient for these homeptead persons, and for
the railroad and the Indians, be it so; but I doubt
very much whether our surveys for homestead
persons, for the Indians, and for railroads, are not
greater than all the lands themselves. The home-
stead tenants will not desire to take the poor lands;
and if you give them an opportunity to select the
best lands, 1,400,000,000 acres will not be enough
i forthem and for railroads and the Indians. I shall
not oppose takingup the homestead bill, ataprop-
er time. I will meet it and discuss it fairly, when
it comes up. It will be a question whether the
corporation of the Federal Government ought to
i have a preference over the homestead tenants or
not, and I do not know which I would prefer—
giving individuals the right to take the lands, or a
Federal corporation the right of holding for the
States. I think the questions should be considered
at the same time. I should doubt long before I
would decide.
Mr. CHASE. The Senator from Indiana states
that he prefers the homestead bill to any other
general bill now before the Senate. He has also
said that he is for taking up the business in its
order according to the rules of the Senate., , I de-
sire that my friend will abide by that declaration.
According to his own showing,the homestead bill
is entitled to the preference upon its merits; and I
now say that it is entitled to the preference accord-
ing to the rules of the Senate. According to the
statement of the Secretary—and if I am wrong, I
desire to be corrected by the Chair—the homestead
bill has preference over the Texas debt bill. The
Texas debt bill lost its precedence by being post-
poned to a day subsequent to that assigned for
the homestead bill as a special order, and having
thus lost its precedence, according to the rules of
the Senate the homestead bill is now the first spe-
cial order. It is, therefore, the first bill for the
consideration of the Senate. I trust that, as it is
I the first, no friend of it will be willing to set it
aside for the purpose of taking up any ether bill
whatsoever.
i Mr. BRIGHT. In reply to the Senator from
Ohio, I will state that I was not mistaken in sav-
ing that the Texas debt bill was the first special
order made at the present session. In that I am
i correct; ljut its friends gave way from day to day
for the purpose of giving the Pacific railroad bill
consideration. It was the special order for Fri.
| day last, at one o'clock; and I inquired of the
Chair, while the Senator from Tennessee was on
the floor, whether he would call the special order
at one o'clock. The Chair answered in the nega-
tive. I then gave notice that I should call it up
• myself, and intended doing so; but was assured
by the friends of the Pacific railroad bill that that
bill would be disposed of last week—that before
the Senate adjourned on Saturday night, it would
be disposed of. Under-that assurance I made no
call for the special order. Therefore, if any spe-
I cial order that has been heretofore named has the
: priority, I contend it is the Texas debt bill.
1 Mr. BRADBURY. More than two hours have
already been consumed in discussing what order
of business has the precedence. I rise to express
the hope that we may now hare a vote, and that
