1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
747
some time may be afforded to that Urge num-
ber of bi-'ls upon our tables which will not involve
the necesaitv of set iiwhu.
Mr. BADGER. I desire to make on* remark
which I am reluctantly called upon to make, in
co isequeiioe of at) observation which has fallen
from the Senator fron Ohio, [Mr. Chase.] He
wfmi to think that w# ought to go ui the exact
order of business, and that no bill ought to be
taken up pnfmblt to another, which, according
to the rule of the Senate, is entitled to priority of
consideration. Now, if we adhere to the rule of
■ the Senate, it ii beyond all dispute, that the Pacific
railroad bit! has precedence over every other or-
der, general and special. It was the unfinished
business at the adjournment on Saturday; there-
fore, in order to get at any other bill, the railroad
bill must be displaced from the position which it
hj'ds as l>eing the first in order for the considera-
tion of the Senate. Now, I am like the Senator.
I am for going according to the order of business,
and following that order truly. I am for taking
op number one before nuiUber two; but if you
displace number one arbitrarily from its position,
what claim has the homestead bill 
Mr. CHASE. That is the argument of the
Senator from Indiana.
Mr. BADQER. I know it, and 1 am going to
chow that it is a rwy good one. What claim has
the homestead bill, in preference to other bills ?
Here we have from the House the homestead
bill, Bennett's land bill, the bill commonly called
Miss Dix's bill giving hind for lunatic asylums,
which all came up to this body at the last ses-
•ioa. They are ail bills of importance. They
are all bills which commend themselves to the
speedy consideration of the Senate. _ If,' there-
fore, we are not to go on with the business which
ha* precedence according to the rule of the Senate,
why not take up Bennett's land bill ? Why not
take op the bill to give lands for the support of
lunatic asylums' Why not take tip one of those
which afford theonly opportunity, the only chance,
the only possible nope, that any portion of the
public domain will ever be applied to the benefit
and advantage of the old States? Sir, if we go
upon the order of merit, the homestead bill has no
claim; if we go upon the order of preference, it
has Mill Icsb.
Mr. H \LE. Mr. President 
Severs I Stxirni. Question.
Mr. HALE. If the Senate is ready for the
question, I will sit down.
The question being taken by yeas and nays, re-
sulted—yeas 23, nays 33; as follows;
YtW—Mwa Adams, Borland. Cass, Chase, Dodge
if Wisconsin, Dodge of lowm, Douglas, Downs, Gwin, '
Bale, BoasW, iiaa, i««e  of Iowa. Jooes of Teaaesiee,
MalWrrr. Prats ftufc, Sekutiaa, 8«wanl, Hbtelds, Hon
a«. Wade, sad Walker—33.
V A VH—Mrsws. AKHm, lifeer, lafwi, BeU-Brad-
bvrv, Brlftil, Bmdhead, Brook*, Bailer, Chariton, Clarke,
Cooper, Davis, Dawson, UeBanssare, Filzpntrick. Foot,
Geyer, Hamlin, Hanler, Wanguin, Mason, Miller,Morton,
Xr rn , Pt*arrf\ Pratt, SinHh, SoaU, Spruaoce, Toucey.
Underwood, aad Welter—XI.
So the motion to take up the homestead bill
was rejected.
A M Elf DM CAT OF THE ROLES.
lit. HAMLIN. I desire to give notice that I
will. to-morrow morning, move to amend the
roles of the Senate, by adding a new rait, that on
a motion to postpone the prior orders of the Sen-
ate, or for priority of business, the question shall
be taken without debate.
CIVIL ADD DIPLOMATIC BILL.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Foswet, its Clerk, an-
nouncing that it had passed a bill making appropria-
tions for the civil and diplomatic expenses of the
Government for the year ending June 30^ 1854;
which was read the first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance.
RAILROAD TO THE PACIFIC.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill " for the protection of the emigrant route and
a telegraphic line, and for an overland mail be-
tween the Missouri river and the settlements in
California and Oregon."
Mr. WELLER. 1 call up the notice which I j
gave of a motion to reconsider the vote by which 1
the amendment of the Senator from Illinois was
agreed to.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT. The amendment is now
be'ore the Senate. It is to add to the third sec-
tion the following:
" Proi Wrd, Thai 110 portion of the $90,000,000 tu be iui-
vauced hv ilw I'll iteif Hliiit-s shall In* expended in, or
(ImhiiM lit apply lo, Hit" road within the limits ol any Stale
ul like Union; aim! «i iuih-Ii of said m*d, if tuiy, a* Khali tie
located wiilmiauy State otthi* I'nion.sliall tie uiade under
the auUiorii) thereof, M be derived from the State Legisla-
ture, and not otherwise."
Mr. WELLER. I shall now vote against that
amendment, with the view of offering amendments
to two other sections which 1 think require modi-
fication. In order that the Senate may understand
precisely the manner in which 1 propose to amend
the bill, 1 will read that portion of it which, in my
judgment, will be necessary in order to enable the
Senate to understand the amendments. The third
section of the bill provides for the donation of the
lands to the contractors to whom the contract may
be awarded by the President of the United Stales;
and in the latter part of that section it is provided
that there shall be appropriated
" A sum not to exceed §-30,000,000, in bonds of the Uni-
ted Siaten, bearing an interest of five per cent, per annum,
and redeemable in nifty years."
After those words, 1 propose to insert—
" Winch said sum shall be expended exclusively in the
construction of thai portion of the road which runs within
the territory of the United Slates."
It will then become necessary, in order to make
the bill consistent, to amend the sixth section. 1
propose to amend it by making it read as follows;
That whenever fifty Biles of said road shall have been
completed ia a manner satisfactory to the President of the
United States, be shall cause a pro rata payment to be
made, according to the terms of the contract lor the work
so completed, in the bonds of the Government, iasned under
the provisions of this act, and by a grant of four firth* of the
pufrhc lands to which the completion of the 44id fifty mile*
may entitle said contractors, and so on for each successive
fifty miles, until the road shall have been completed within
the limits of the territory aforesaid, and llie terms of their
contracts complied with, when they shall be entitled to re
ceive the remaining fifth of said public lands.
And then to add after that the following:
And whenever fifty miles of the said road shall have been
completed within the limns of any State, as now organised,
in a manner satisfactory to the President of the United
States, said contractors shall be entitled to four fifths of the
public lands to which the completion of the said fifty miles
may entitle them under the provisions of tins act, and soon
through each successive filly miles until the road shall be
completed within the limits of the State, and the terms of
the contract folly complied with, and they shall then been
utled to reeeive the remaining one fifth of the public lands.
In my judgment, and I have looked at this bill
with considerable care, these are two amendments
which are necessary in order to make the bill an
entirely practicable one. They simply recognize ,
this principle, that the $20,000,000 which are ap- ,
propriated by the bill shall be exclusively expended >
in the construction of that portion oif the road
which runs through the territory of the United
States.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Manodm
in the chair.) The Chair will suggest to the Sen- '
a tor, that the motion to reconsider the amend-
ment of the Senator from Illinois having been
agreed to, the question is upon that amendment,
and it must be decided before any other amend-
ment will be in order.
Mr. WELLER. I hope that question will be ,
decided, and I have given notice of the amend-
menu which I design to offer at the proper time.
Mr. HALE. The effect of the amendment of !
the Senator from Illinois is to prevent the expend- i
iture in a State of the moneyr appropriated by the
bill. I have occupied very little of the time of the ,
Senate upon the bill, and I shall not now occupy
more than three minutes; but I shall vote against the i,
amendment, and every proposition of a similar t
character, and I shall state the reason briefly. It
is this: If the Congress of the United States have
power to make a railroad, it arise* from the neces-
sity of carrying out their conceded powers, their ji
granted powers. The express power to make a
.railroad is not granted by the Constitution, be-
cause railroads were not known when the Consti-
tution was formed. If, then, the power exists, it
exists from the necessity to carry out their powers;
and if the necessity exists, it may exist just exrfctly
as much in relation to territory lying within a State
as that lying within a Territory. It is utterly im-
possible for me to see any difference between the
two, and therefore I shall always vote, when I
do vote, against any amendment which makes
any distinction between the power of the General
Government to build a road in a State and in a
Territory. For that reason I am opposed to the
amendment, and to all amendments of its charac-
ter
Mr. QEVER. I voted for this amendment on
Saturday, because from the beginning I have
lhou<lu that if this road was located within a State
it should be subject to the power of the State to
grant the right ol way, and that all that we ought
to do is to make a sufficient appropriation of land
as an inducement for the construction of the road.
I had the objection to the original bill that it pro-
posed to erect a corporation under theauthority of
the United States to construct the road for its
whole distance, and by its very terms would have
imposed upon the States through which the road
may pass the necessity of granting the right of
way to that company or not have it made within
the State. There are States that have already
authorized the construction of roads west of the
Mississippi to their western boundaries. The
right of way has been granted to existing com-
panies, and in one of the States—Missouri—three
roads are now in process of construction, one run-
ning into the southwestern portion of the State,
terminating on its western boundary near the south-
western comer; another starting from a point
about forty mites distant from St. Louis and hav-
ing its terminus at the mouth of the Kansas river;
and another from Hannibal to St. Joseph, on the
Missouri river. The right of way there has been
granted; and if you create a corporation, or au-
thorize a corporation created by the State of Maine,
or any other State, to construct a road within
Missouri, you impose upon it the necessity of
granting to that company the right of way; nay,
sir, more: you impose upon that State the neces-
sity of granting the right of way upon a charter
that may be given by any other State in the Union.
As the bill now stands, the contract for the whole
road from the Mississippi—if it shall be located
with its terminus on the Mississippi—to the Pa-
cific will be under the control of a company to be
incorporated by some State of the Union without
reference to the States through which the road is
to pass.
Now, Mr. President, it will be readily seen that
if the road shall be extended to the Mississippi,
through the State of Missouri or Arkansas, or it
may be of Iowa, it will require of them to grant
the right of way upon just such terms, and under
such regulations, as may be incorporated in the
act of incorporation creating thecompany. It is
to that I object, not on any constitutional grounds,
but because it presents a difficulty and imposes a
necessity upon the State through which the road
is to pass, which I do not think Congress ought
to impose.
But 1 voted for a reconsideration of the amend-
ment also, because there is one clause in it which
I did not advert to on Saturday evening, when at
a late hour it was proposed; that is, that the road,
without any adequate provision on the part of
Congress, is committed alone to the State through
which it passes. I had prepared an amendment.
It was printed some two weeks ago and laid on
the tables of Senators. On Saturday I proposed
it. The first clause was rejected, and with it the
others fell. I acquiesced, because I deemed it a
matter of the first importance that the work should
be commenced, and I would have voted for the
bill without any such restriction in it. But now,
when the subject is again before the Senate, T de-
sire to say, that in my opinion, adequate provision
can be made for the construction of the road upon
the plan of this bill, which will not interfere with
the power and control of the States in reference to
the right of way over the private lands, and tlie
regulations for the condemnation of those private
lands in the Statel I shall propose, therefore, if
an opportunity is afforded again, the amendment,
with some modifications, which I had the honor to
submit before. If the road is located in a State—
and I hope it will not be, except, perhaps, in Cali-
fornia—I hone the President will limit the eastern
terminus at the western boundary of the States on
the Mississippi. But if the road is to be extended
to the Mississippi river, it becomes important, in
my Judgment, that other provisions be made for
the construction of the road within the States. I
shall therefore propose, that if the road shall be
located in any State, there shall be appropriated,
in aid of its construction in the State, the alternate
sections of land for ten miles on each side of the
road.
