748
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 21,
] then propose that that road shall conform in
gauge ana general construction to the road which
shall beadopted in the Territories that connects with
it; that it shall be subject to the eighth section of
the act, which requires that the transportation of
the troops and property of the United States
shall be free; that the President shall let the con-
struction of the road, within the States, to the com-
pany or persons authorized by the State within
which it lies, to construct the road. This provision
will leave it to the State to grant the right of way,
to impose the terms upon which it shall be granted,
and the mode in which private property shall be
taken, and not leave it, as the bill now leaves it, j
to be put upon the States to accept just such terms
as Maine, Massachusetts, or Delaware, or any
other State that shall incorporate the company,
shall prescribe.
The Senator from Tennessee reminds me that
the States are to give their consent in advance.
Why, sir, they are to give their consent before
the act of incorporation is passed by the Legisla-
ture of another State; they are to give it before the
location is made. The Senator says he does not
so understand it. Then, sir, I inquire how can
the President locate the road unless he 1ms the
previous consent of the State' How can the Presi-
dent know whether the road can be constructed in
that State and its consent can be obtained, unless
it is obtained in advance? The first section of
the act is made upon the condition that the States
shall accede, and the whole bill proceeds upon the
idea that the assent is to be obtained. As thebill
originally stood, with the thirteenth section in it as
amended on my motion, they would have under-
stood that the corporation was only created with
certain powers within the Territories, and they
then might have prescribed their own terms. But
now they do not know. The contract is to be let
to any corporation that may be created by any
State; and it is againstthat that I wish to guard, j
I have no objection to that provision, if it is pro- i
vided also that within the States through which
the road shall be made, the power of the States
shall be left free, and that they shall not have im- I
posed upon them the necessity of acquiescing in i
any act of incorporation that maybemade by any |
other State. I wish it also for another reason, and
that is, that the President shall not be embarrassed !
in the selection of the route; that he may under- I
stand with whom he is to contract; and there can
be no obstacle to grant the power by a State, if
the road shall be located through it. ■
These are my objections to the bill as it now
stands. Had the thirteenth section remained, with
the limitation that the act of incorporation should
extend only to the Territories, when it would be
a company incorporated by Congress, with its
known limitations, so as to afford the States an
opportunity of judging what those powers were,
I should have been ready to vote for the bill with-
out the amendment of the Senator from Illinois,
or without any furtheramendmenton the subject,
although it was my opinion from the beginning
that we ought to provide separately for tne con-
struction of the road in the States; and if there
be any difficulty aboutTexas, if the road is located
there, I should have no hesitation whatever in
making a provision for that also. But it will be
observed that the whole amount of money which
remains for the construction of the road through
theTerritories, will remain under the control of this
company, when they shall have constructed the
road for the distance which allows any payment
to be made. Now, Mr. President, it makes no
earthly difference whether that money is expended
in the State through which the road goes, or
whether it is expended in the Territories, except
this: that for the distance that the road may run
through any State, there will be no apportionment,
and the company that undertakes the road will
construct it through the State upon its own means,
and means which are furnished by the public
lands, where there are such.
The bill, if amended as I proposed, would be
this: It would leave the whole amount of twenty
millions of dollars, and the alternate sections, for
twelve miles in width on each side of the.road, to
make the road through the Territories from point
to point, under the contract; and if it will run
through Texas, Texas has only to give her con-
sent, and still the lands will be appropriated to the
object; she has only then to grant the right of
way through the State upon her own terms, and
to regulate the manner in which private property, ]
if there be any, shall be appropriated to the road.
If the amendment should prevail, it may have an-
other effect: by making a distinct appropriation for
the Territories, of the whole amount of money—
the maximum twenty millions—and twelve sec-
tions of land for each mile of the road, it being
the maximum—if there be competition, it may be
reduced below that amount. And in the States,
according to the amendment which I intend to sub-
mit, the United States will be indemnified for at
least three fifths of the land which is proposed to
be appropriated for the object of the road within
the States, by adopting the clause which has been
adopted in all railroad acts, requiring the lands to
be held at a price double the minimum price at
which they are now held. At the same time, so
far from making a sine qua non—so far from being
disposed to indulge in invectives, because the par-
ticular plan of a road which may have been sug-
gested to my mind is not adopted—against gentle-
men who vote against that proposition, if my
amendment shall be rejected I shall not feel my-
self at liberty to give up the road in despair; 1 will
still hope that some modification may be made
which will render it acceptable, and insure the
construction of the road.
Mr. BORLAND. I have a few words to say
upon the proposition now before us, with regard
to its general character. I understand it is upon the
amendment proposed on Saturday by the toenator
from Illinois. I understand there is a modifica-
tion proposed by the Senator from California,
[Mr. Weller.] I voted against thatamendment
on Saturday, and I did so because I was satisfied
with the bill as it stood before. I have been a
little surprised when I have found Senators who
i avowed their intention to vote for the bill without
such an amendment, voting to insist upon the
amendment. Sir, if it be true that that amend-
ment was necessary to save the constitutional
power of Congress to make the road through the
States, I cannot see how any Senator, who enter-
tained that view, could vote for the bill without
it; for to admit the propriety, or insist on making
the amendment, was to condemn the bill as it
stood before, upon constitutional grounds, and to
preclude those from giving a vote in favor of it.
The objection to the bill, to remove which the
amendment was offered, was, that it was carrying
the exercise of the Federal power within the limits
of the State, and expending the public money from
the Federal Treasury for improvements within the
limits of a State. Did that objection exist to the
bill? I thought not, for two reasons: first, upon
the general ground that this was not a local ob-
ject—that it'was a great national work, more na-
tional than anything proposed since I have known
; anything of the Senate, and therefore came clearly
i within the constitutional power of the Federal
' Government to make the road. Admitting the
power of the Government to make the road, as a
national work, it would involve, of necessity, the
exercise of the means and the power of the Gen-
eral Government, which are deemed necessary for
its construction. It appears to me it is constitu-
tional also, upon another ground, which is, that
| the assent of a State before commencing the work
i was a condition required by the provisions of the
I bill. Such I consider the character of the bill as
it stood before the amendment was offered to it.
For that reason, I conceive there was no necessity
for any amendment, even to save the political pre-
judices of gentlemen.
It has been said by those who have had this
bill specially in charge, that the amendment has
disjointed it. I think that such will be the effect.
: Sir, there is one fact which it seems to me must
strike the mind of every Senator at once; that it
introduces various agencies in the construction of
the work which might not act harmoniously.
There are three States at least through which this
road will pass. The company is forbidden to
make the road within the limits of a State. It re-
serves to each State the power of making the road
within its own limits. What, then, is the effect?
Why, that you have a company operating in the
Territories, under the authority of the Federal
Government. If it so pleased the several States
through which the road will pass, you will have
three other companies operating within theStates,
and constructing the roads there. There are four
agencies thus provided for. What harmony can
there be in such a case, or what concert of action5
None. Senators may say that they would, from
a sense of their own interest, act together. That
may be a possibility. It may be a probability.
But 1 hold, that in a measure so important as this,
we should leave nothing to possibilities or prob-
abilities, but fix upon the terms of the bill as we
have in all other cases, so that there shall not
be any uncertainty, nor anythingleft to what may
be considered peculiar local self-interest, or that
of any party or State.
The honorable Senator from Illinois, [Mr.
Douglas,] in sustaining the amendment which
his colleague had offered, and which was carried
on Saturday, made what might be called a spe-
cious argument,and to my mind,one that proved
entirely too much. He reminded the Senate that
this amendment did not withdraw any of the means
which the bill provided for the construction of the
road. He saia the amount of land provided in the
Territories and in the States, remained the same,
and the amount of the money—$20,000,000—re-
mained the same; that there was no reduction in
the means, either in money or in land. He argued
that therefore there could be no objection to the
amendment,because the same means were allowed,
and the company who might undertake the work
would have all the means which the bill provided
before; and that the only limitation was, that they
should expend it in the Territories, and not in the
States. It only limited the application of the means
to a narrower space, so that the company would
have more means to expend on the Territories.
They were not, therefore, limited in the means,
but in the power of spreading it over the whole
extent of the road—in the States, as well as the
Territories. I say that argument proved too much.
If the argument had any force in it, it meant that
they would have more money than would be ne-
cessary to build the road in the Territories. What,
then, I ask, is to be done with the surplus, after
building the road in the Territories? The Senator
had no objections to giving all this land, and these
$20,000,000 besides, to make the road, although,
according to his argument, the §20,000,000 in ad-
dition to the land was more than sufficient to build
the road in the Territories. What was to be done
with the surplus > Should they take the money
raised upon these twenty millions of bonds, and
app'y it to their own private purposes > or, to show
the practical operation of it, could they put that
money in one pocket, and take money from the
other, for the purpose of building the road ? It is
an objection that the money shall not be expended
within the limits of a State, even with the consent
of the State, to build a great national work, which
all admit to be national and necessary for the pub-
 lie interest. And none have contended for its na-
tionality more than the Senators from Illinois.
But though you may give money to the company
for purposes of private profit, you cannot, under
the Constitution, as I understand this argument,
give money to a company to build the road within
the States, with the consent of the States. But
; you may give them money to build a road in the
,| Territories, and if there be a surplus, for their-
! private purposes. If not, what is to become of
the surplus, I ask ?
I confess I am somewhat inclined to think as
, the Senator from Texas said this morning that he
I did, with regard to these arguments, that there is
i altogethertoo much metaphysics in them. I think
there was a little too much refinement upon the
Constitution in them. My friends consider me
i as sufficiently narrow in my construction of that
; instrument, but it seems to me that this construc-
tion is a little too narrow for my comprehension.
The distinctions are a little too nice and meta-
physical. The proposition is, if I understand the
argument, that this is a great national work. All
admit that. It comes within the power of the
General Government to make such a work, or to
authorize the construction, and appropriate land
and money for it. It is competent for the Gov-
ernment, in the exercise of that power, to appro-
priate land, and to appropriate §20,000,000 for the
purpose of making the road. They make it within
certain limits, and if there be a surplus over and
above the amount which may be necessary for the
road, they may apply it for their own private uses;
but when they attempt to carry a road within the
limits' of a State, even with the consent of the
State, they are debarred by the Constitution.
! Why? I cannot answer the question. It seems
to me there is no answer to it, and for that reason.
