1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
749
I conclude there is no foundation tot the prop- J
osition at all. I am unable to see how you can 1
grant money to a company to build a road, and i
permit them to take the surplus for private use,
and not permit them to apply it to the construc-
tion of a road in a State, with the consent of the |
State first had and obtained. I
Mr. President, I did intend to go further into I
the consideration of this subject, and examine the
operation of this bill, and argue the proposed
amendment as it will directly affect the interest of
my own State; but as I prefer voting something
practical and to the point now, rather than speech-
making, and in order that this bill may, if we can
pass it, go to the other House, and become a law
at this session, I will abstain from saying any-
thing more.
Mr. SMITH. I ask for the yeas and nays on
the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. G WIN. The question, I believe, is, on the
adoption of the amendment offered by the Senator
from Illinois, and adopted on Saturday evening,
which has been reconsidered. I hope that the
Senate will vote down that amendment. I hope
the friends of this measure will rally to its sup-
port, inasmuch as the bill was matured in Com-
mittee of the Whole and reported to the Senate,
because I believe it may open the door to amend-
ments, so that you will lose the bill as it came to
die Senate. I believe, if we can ge| the bill even
into the same shape that it was in late on Satur-
day evening, before the amendment of the Senator
from Illinois was offered, there may be still some
hope of its passage. And inasmuch as we have
spent a great deal of time in maturing this bill and
bringing it out of the Committee of the Whole
into the Senate, I hope that we may bring it back
to the sha{>e in which it was on Saturday evening,
and that, in that form, it may be passed. I am
not going into this argument about the constitu-
tionality of voting money out of the Treasury of
the United States to build a military or postal road
through the States of this Confederacy with the
consent of the States. It is not necessary to argue
that question before my constituents; nor do I De-
Meve it is necessary to talk about it in order to
convince the country. I believe the bill will stand
lire in every section of the country except, per-
haps, South Carolina.
Mr. MASON, I will except Virginia, too.
Mr. GWIN. I will not. I know the Senator
is of that opinion; but I differ with him. I be-
lieve that this measure will meet with the appro-
bation of the whole country. All the people of
the United States will indorse its necessity. They
have already indicated it, if anything can be indi-
cated; and I have no doubt, if we pass the.meas-
«re,it will be received with congratulation throughr
oat the whole nation.
Inasmuch as we have matured the measure^and
it is an important measure, a gigantic measure,
such a measure that no one can sit down and
Write an amendment for it on his knee which will
come in appropriately in the bill; and inasmuch
as we have got the bill once ready for an engross-
ment, I hope we may not undertake to change it
now, or vary it one hundredth part of a hair. We
have met with very great opposition; but I have
•at here and polled my hair, hearing myself de-
nounced, and while others have talked a whole
week, I have said nothing, though I knew they
were speaking to kill time;availing themselves of
the legitimate privilege of a minority. I thought,
however, it was my duty to sit still. But now,
when there is danger that this measure may be
lost, and when the tune has come that we must
tally to sustain the bill, I have thought it my duty
to say to the Senate that we ought to take it in the
form in which it came matured from die Cora- '
mittee of the Whole, and put it through.
Mr. BUTLER. Soutn Carolina may very
probably be the very last State in the Union that
will cease to contend for the securities of the Con-
stitution. I hope it will be the last that will em-
bark upon a system of policy described by the
fable, by leaping before she has looked. I was
one of the first that made opposition to this bill;
but I did not speak against it to kill time, nor do I
believe that any gentleman who has spoken upon
the subject, has spoken with any intention^ de-
feat it by the lapse of time. I was in mod faith
opposed to it on the ground of a want of a survey.
I wish to say this much; Why are gentlemen afraid
of a survey ? And, why am I in favor of a survey
If my information is correct, it is a subject capable
of demonstration, that the Gila route, or the route
running to the south, as it is termed, is the prefer-
able one. And if it shall be established by surreys
that that is the preferable route, ought I not to have
a choice ? It may be that as the road is to be built,
all constitutional prescriptions and usages are to
be disregarded. It may be my duty to vote for a
particular route in preference to another; but I
will never vote for a route to be designated in the
dark, and with the almost perfect certainty that it
is to be a route from California to the Lakes. No
survey would give the road that direction. The
subject is capable of perfect demonstration, that
the southern route is the proper one. But gentle-
men dare not meet on a broad ground; they are
willing to spread their nets so wide that they can
take in all things, and get some road without leav-
ing some hopes to us where the route shall be.
1 know the Senator from Texas is confident
the road will go through Texas. 1 think it ought
to go through Texas; but no gentleman, talk with
whom you may, will get up and say where the
road shall be; and yet f am to go through the dark
aad appropriate fifty millions, perhaps, in land
and money, because a road is called for between
the valley of the Mississippi and the Pacific ocean.
That railroad, 1 think, will be built in time; and I
think it ought to be built. If the Constitution is
to be overcome, and my constitutional objections
are to be put aside, I think it ought to commence
at one point on the Mississippi river and go to a
point on the Pacific ocean. 1 appeal to the Sena-
tor from Texas on that subject. How are we to
get iron and other materials in that desert country ?
The cost of transportation would destroy the pro-
ject. If you are to have a road, I say .that, on
principles of common sense, you ought to begin
one point on the Mississippi and the other on the
Pacific ocean. If gentlemen can overcome their
scruples against such a road, be it so. I cannot
vote for it, on this simple ground which I have des-
ignated. It will take me some time to be disci-
; plined in this school of casuistry before I can give
up my constitutional scruples to expediency, or
as the Senator from California says, necessity, I
think this road should be a work of time, and -1
think the only sure way to have the road made
would be to l>egin at the points designated. I un-
derstand gentlemen have no scruples on constitu-
tional grounds.
If I were to propose now to alter the Constitu-
tion so that no money should be appropriated for
making a railroad, or cutting a canal, or erecting
any important work of internal improvement, or
to regulate commerce except by a two-thirds vote,
I will answer for it, I should be told .that any al-
teration was unnecessary. Why is there no neces-
sity for such an alteration ? When gentlemen can
resort to all these various modes of construing the
Constitution, necessity being one ground, conve-
nience another, and State policy a third, is there
any need, of changing the Constitution ? I know
that I may be "the last of the Mohegans." It
may be that South Carolina will stand alone by
the ramparts of the Constitution. I feel compli-
mented by the remark. If the bulwarks are to be
broken down, I will stand by to the last to maintain
the position which Virginia, Louisiana, North Car-
olina, and Maryland, and I believe pretty nearly all
the old-fashioned States of the Union, have main-
tained; and if they are to be swept off by this dec-
lamation—I will not say declamation in a sense
that may be regarded as at all offensive—but I say
if these bursts of patriotic demands upon the Treas-
ury—of course they are patriotic, for patriotism is
regulated very much by the quantity of money
which can be drawn from the Treasury, and per-
haps as this may not go to South Carolina, I may
not feel exactly the force of the application—but I
say that if others are influenced by such reason-
ings, I am not. I do not say that we shall give
up our harbors on the sea-board. This is the first
time I am to learn that the Atlantic ocean is the
subject of internal improvement.
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Underwood]
said the other day that the construction of the
Constitution had a salt-water sprinkling or bap-
tism. Why, sir, that was the meaning of the
Constitution originally. It looked to the salt
water as the highway of nations. However, I did
not intend to rise to make any remarks; but when
I was alluded to, I felt called on to say that I am
not going to give up my constitutional scruples—I
will not even say constitutional—I am not going
to give up my common sense to take a road at ran-
dom.
Mr. RUSK. I do not intend to give up the
Constitution either. I have read it with my lim-
ited capacity. I have taken an oath to support it
and carry it out, and I mean honestly and fairly, so
far as may depend upon my votes here, to carry it
out. As I understand the Constitution of the
United States, its very first clause makes it an
obligation to afford a general protection to the
States against foreign nations. It was necessary
to form a Union as to all external matters; and
one of the strongest obligations which I feel rest-
ing upon me by the Constitution of the country,
and by the oath which I have taken to support it,
is to regard the safety of those American citizens
who may be unprotected. Sir, here, where no
enemy threatens—where the war-whoop, the tom-
ahawk and the scalping-knife are strangers—there
is no particular necessity for any extraordinary
exertion of power to afford protection; but in your
far-off possessions upon the Pacific, which are as
much a part and parcel of the United States as
the inhabitants of this Districtare, there is danger,
and there is an exposure, and the Constitution re-
quires you to extend the protection of the Govern-
ment over that section of country.
But, say gentlemen, it is unconstitutional to ex- .
pend money within the States for the construction
of a road. The honorable Senator from Connec-
ticut [Mr. Tovcey] especially, has dwelt upon
the obligation of the Constitution, and pointed out
the danger to which he supposes the bill will lead.
The honorable Senator from Michigan [Mr. Cass]
talked of our changing the Constitution and spend-
ing money within the limits of the States for in-
ternal improvements, and that we were utterly de-
stroying the Constitution and making thirty-one
constitutions out of one. He was good enough
to say that no precedent operated upon him. Per-
haps he intends to repudiate a precedent set by
himself.
_ I recollect, during the last session of Congress,
the introduction of a bill into this Chamber, if I
mistake not, in terms for taking out of the Treas-
ury four or five hundred thousand dollars, in
money, to construct a canal at St. Mary's, begin-
ning in the State of Michigan and ending in the
State of Michigan. It was warmly supported by
the Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Cass.] If I do
not fail in my recollection further, the Senator from
Connecticut, [Mr. Toucey,] after great prepara-
tion, delivered a constitutional argument in this
Chamber in favor of the appropriation. If I re-
collect rightly—for I have not turned to examine
it lately—the distinction drawn there wasxhat it
was connecting two great seas, Lake Superior and
some.Qther great lake, andthat that might be neces-
sary for defense.
Now, sir, t do not know of what sort of mate-
rials this.Constitution is formed. It may be that
it is made of that kind of stuff that when it gets
into the genial atmosphere of the lakes it expand*
and covers everything; and when it comes down
to a central position on the Mississippi, it contracts
and. drives the States out of all benefits from it.
But I have not so understood it. I regard it in its
length and breadth just as much in force in Cali-
fornia as in Washington city; just as much in
force in my State as in Michigan! just as much in
force in Missouri and Arkansas, although they
are interior, and just as liable to stretch and con-
tract there as anywhere else. That is the Consti-
tution I have sworn to support. I have* seen in
my travels an article which the Mexicans cut out
of a raw hide, which, on a sunny day, contracts
etnd draws up, and you cannot manage it; but in
a wet, d amp day it expands. But I have never re-
garded the Constitution as constructed of such ma-
terial. I cannot understand the arguments as to
the distinctions which have been made here. I
will not call them metaphysical, because there are
certain distinctions here which it may be that it is
the obtuseness of intellect on my part which I
cannot understand; certain legal constitutional ar-
guments delivered by the apostles of the Democ-
racy, among whom I have unfortunately fallen
into suspicion. I cannot understand if, upon our
northern frontier you can spend #500,000 to con-
struct a-eanal in Michigan, that you cannot de-
fend your .possessions on the Pacific, and spend
#20,000,000 for that purpose, if need be. I cannot
