1*53.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
751
mails; and the Constitution mid that Congress
should havepower to designate the roads—nothing
mure—amongst ex utiing roads between two points,
to ilesMgndie one, and thereby establish it a* a post
mad.
The provisions of Mr. Madison's bill are sim-
ply these: "That the President of the United
' States be, and he hereby is, authorized to canse
' to be examined, and where necessary, to be aur-
' reyed, the routes moal proper tbr the Iranaport-
• sti.m of the mail between the followinr places:
' Portland,in Maine,Boston, New York, Philadel-
' phia, Wilmington, Baltimore, City of Washing-
' ton,Alexandria, Fredericksburg, Richmond, R«-
'leigh, Louisville, and Savannah,in Georgia; and
' that he cause a report of such examination and
'surrey to be laid before Congress, together with
• the expense necessary for"—doing what ? For
buildin« these roads ' Not one word like it; but
that " he cause a report of such examination and
surrey to be laid before Congress"—for what pur-
pose 3 For the purpose of enabling Congress to
decide which route* should be established as post
routes. The language of the bill is: " For ren-
dering the said route* the established routes for
the transportation of the mail."
Does the honorable Senator mean to say that the
framer of that bill intended that Congress waa to
construct these roads, should go into the States,
should condemn the land, should assume jurisdic-
tion over it, should give power to take material
and put op toll-gates, and do all that should be
necessary to give efficiency to an artificial road ?
If Mr. Madison meant that, why did he not aay
so1 Why did he eonfine himself to the language
of the Constitution, and confine hi* bill to the pur-
pose of enabling Congress to determine which of
the existing routes should be established as post
routes ? Sir, I presume—for ! am not well in-
formed upon this subject—that it was amongst the
earliest efforts of the statesmen of that day to give
effect, in the infancy of the country, to the clause
of the Constitution which authorizes Congress to
establish post roads. The meaning of the bill,
then, would simply be this: There are various
routes between Portland, in Maine, and Savan-
nah, in Georgia, passing through the cities desig-
nated in the bill. Some of them are practicable.
Some of them can be traveled by mail coaches;
others only on horseback. On some, the streams
are bridged; on others, not; and it is a matter of
moment to the United States to determine which
is the most eligible for transporting the mail.
Now, said he, send a surveyor there; send an en-
gineer who may make a reeonnotssance of these
routes, and when surveys are necessary, let them
be surveyed; and when the work is done, report
it to Congress, with an estimate of the expense
necessary to render them post roads.
I aay that if die attention had been to construct
a road, the bill would have said so; bat the inten-
tion simply was to enable Congress to inform the
States through which this road went, that if cer-
tain work reported on survey be done upon such
and such roads, we shall then be enabled to estab-
lish them as post routes. If it meant anything
more, what did it mean? It certainly did not
mean to construct them. Congress had the power
of choosing only the power of election as to
which should be established as post routes. That
was a preliminary step to enable Congress to nay
which of the routes should be post routes; which
were fit to carry the mail. The bill went to that
extent—no further.
It went on to provide "that a sun not erceed-
• ing five thousand dollars, to be paid rut of thr tur-
• plxn revtniu* of the Pott Office, be, and hereby is,
' appropriated for defraying the expense of the ex-
1 amination and survey aforesaid." The money
was not to come out of the Treasury at all, but
out of the surplus income of the Post Office. Yet
the Senator from Texas presents this bill as au-
thority derived from so high a source as that of
Mr. Madison, for the constitutionality of the pro-
visions of his bill. Sir, I do not put it at all as a
challenge to the Senator, but I would say this to
him: if his argument be worth anything at all, H i
should lend him to substitute this for his bill. Let,
him have a law passed by Congress for the sur-;
vey of the post routes between the Mississippi |>
and the Pacific, and a report of the expenditure ;
necessary to have those routes, when they pass ■,
throueh State* or Territories, fit to be established |j
•a mail routes. I desirt that this bill of Mr. Mad- I
ison may be printed, that it may go before the
country, that the people may see what waa pro-
jected by one of the framers of the Constitution,
as the extent of power to establish post roads, and
what is projected now.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. T want a little more
printed, to go out to the country with that bill of
Mr. Madison, read by the Senator from Texas.
I have before me the whole debate on which that
bill was founded. I wish the whole of that debate
printed, and when it is primed it will show that
the gentleman from Virginia is wrong from be-
ginning to end. Here it is:
l " Mr. Madmox moved thai the resolution, laid upon tbe
table some day* ago, be taken up, relative to the survey of
tbe post-road* between the provinces of Maine and Georgia;
which, being read, he observed that two good effects woutd
arise fruui carrying thin resolution into eflect; the shortest
route from one place to another would be determined upon,
and persona, having a certainty of the liability ot the roads,
would not hesitate lo make improvement* upon them."
Mr. MASON. Every one agrees to that.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I admit that looks as
if the object waa to have the improvements made
by private persons and not by the United States;
but the gentleman must not whistle till he gets out
of the woods. Let me read further:
" Mr. Biunvn"—
Mr. PRATT. OfGeorgia?
Mr. UNDERWOOD. The book does not
mention the State, but I believe he was from
Georgia. This debate, be it remembered, took
place in 1796, two years before the Virginia res-
olutions of "98:
■' Mr. Btuvis was glad to see this bwirm bmaght for-
ward ; the sooner it could be carried into effect the beuer.
In many parte of the country, he said, there were no im
proved roads, nothing better than the original Indian track.
Bridge* and other improvement* are always made with
reluctance whilst road* remain ia thi* Mate, because it is
known,  the country increases In population and wealth,
better and shorter roads will be made. All expense of this
ton, indeed, is hw. It was properly the business of the
General Government, he said, tn undertake the improve-
ment of the roads, for the different States are incompetent
to the business, their different design* cla*hing with each
other. It is enough for them to make good mad* to the dif-
ferent sea-ports; the cross roads should be left to the gov
ciusai.nl of the whole. The expense, he thought, would
not be very great. Let a surveyor point oat the short**!
and be*t track, and the money will soon be raised. There
wa* nothing in this country, lie said, of which we ought to
be more ashamed than our public road*."
" Mr. Booass" 
1 do not know from what State he was ■
Mr. CLARKE. Tthode Island.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Then, sir, we have all
quarters of the country speaking at the beginning
of this Government, on this subject.
"Mr. Boossa thought very valuable effects would arise
from the earn ing of this resolution into effeet. The pres-
ent rosd* may be much shortened. The eastern States bad
made (teat improveswnts in their roads, and he trusted the
bet elects would arise from having regular mails from one
end of the Union to the other."
" Mr. Willi ams "[I believe he was fVotn North Carolina J
" did set think it right for the revenues of the Fast Office
to he applied U> this end. Ha acknowledged the propriety
of extending the post mads to every part of the Union; he
thought the Rouse had better wait for tbe report of the com-
mittee to which business relative to the Post Office had
been referred, which wa* preparing to be laid before the
House.''
" Mr. Madison " [I call tbe attention of my friend from
Virginia to this,] " explained the nature and ohjeet of the
revolution. He said it was the commencement of an ex
tensive work. He wished not to extend it st present. The
expense of the survey would be great. The Post Officer,
he believed, would have no objection to the intended reg
illation."
Thus, you see, it was the commencement of a
great work, and of an expensive work.
Mr. MASON. An expensive survey.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. The expense of the
survey would be great, and he wished not to ex-
tend the expense at present:
" After some observations from Mr. Thatche*, on the
obtaining «f tbe shortest distance from one place to an-
other, and the comparing old with new roads, so as to come
at the shortest and best, the resolution was agreed lo, as
fbllow*:"
Now here is the substance of the whole matter.
Mr. Madison voted with the other gentlemen,
whose short speeches on the subject I have read,
and the result was the following resolution:
" Resolved, That a committee be appointed to report a
bill authorizing the President of the United States to cause
to be examined, and where riece* ary, to he surveyed, the
general route most proper for the transportation of the mail
between , in Maine, and , in the State of
Georgia, and to canse to be laid before Congress tbe result
ot' snch examination and survey, with an e*Uniate of the
expense of rendering such route fit, in nil its parts, to he
the establishsd route of the post; the expense of such ex-
amination and survey to be defrayed out of the surplus rev-
enues of the Posi Office."
Thus it will be seen that the result of the dis-
cussion which I have read, was, that a bill was to
be reported providing for an estimate of the ex-
pense of making the road surveyed fit for the pur-
poses of post roads. Where wns that money to
come from? It could only come out of the Federal
Treasury; but Congress provided that the expense
of the survey should be defrayed out of the sur-
plus revenue of the Post Office Department.
" Orrfevrrf, That Mr. Madison, Mr. Thatcher, Mr. Bald-
win, Mr. Henderson, and Mr. Sherburne, be appointed a
committee pursuant tn the said resolution."
The bill which the gentleman from Texas has
read, contained in it the very provision of this
resolution, that an estimate should be made of the
expense necessary to make these roads, which
were to be surveyed, fit for the purpose for which
they were intended.
Mr. BADGER. Not the expense of the sur-
vey, but of making the roads.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Certainly; the expense
of making the roads was the very thing contem-
plated. Here was Mr. Baldwin s speech, which
I have read, speaking of the objects which they
had in view. He said they wanted to shorten
those roads, and the expense upon the people
along the roads would be enormous and oppres-
sive, and that the Government of the United States
had no right to lay those expenses upon the people
along the route; that it was enough for those people
to make roads leading to their sea-port towns.
Did anybody then get up—did Mr. Madison
get up and say to htm, "Mr. Baldwin, you are
advancing the most unconstitutional doctrine ever
heard of? No, sir; nothing of the sort. Here
was Mr. Baldwin, declaring publicly the objects
which he had in view in the construction of these
roads. Mr. Madison, the ffcther of the Constitu-
tion, then being present, did not rise—nobody
rose—to say, " Mr. Baldwin, the doctrine you
are advancing astounds us; we are confounded
at the ideas you advance." But instead of taking
any objection to Mr. Baldwin's speech, they actu-
ally all agreed to a resolution directing a bill to be
brought in, which is to provide for making a road
fit for meeting the purposes designed.
Mr. BUTLER. Surveys.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. No, sir, not a survey.
The resolution is, " to cause to be laid before Con-
gress the result of such examination and survey."
It does not stop there. You must read to theend
of the sentence. " With"—something in addition
to the survey—"an estimate of the expense of
rendering such route fit, in all its parts, to be the
established route of the post." Such is the pre-
cise language of the resolution. Why, it is im-
possible to say with truth, that they only contem-
plated a survey. They provided for a survey,
and then added, After you have made the survey,
when you report, you are required to furnish an
estimate of the expense that may be necessary to
make die route surveyed, which might be an In-
dian track, according to the speeches that were
made—to make an Indian track " fit in all respects"
for a post road, along which the United States
could carry its mails. No one can read the resolu-
tion without -seeing clearly that such is its true
sense and meaning". Sir, 1 want all that printed,
and my word for it, the common sense of the peo-
ple of this country will see that the Fathers of the
Republic, without starting any of these constitu-
tional difficulties, before the resolutions of 1798
were thought of, adopted resolutions and reported
bills to execute those constitutional provisions for
whi«h I have ever contended. I recollect that it
was at the last session, or the session before that,
' we actually paid a claim for opening one of these
rst roads. At the time the bill was called up,
think by the gentleman from Louisiana, [Mr.
Socle,] it pleased me so much, that I ventured
the exclamation, that it was about the best claim
against Gongress I ever knew, and that 1 should
vote for its payment with the utmost cheerfulness.
Now, I have given you the first movements in
Congress on the subject of making roads, and
when it is all printed,! think the country will have
no difficulty in seeing that it was the opinion of
Mr. Madison, the father of the Constitution, and
his e.ntemporaries, that this Government bad «on«
stitutional power to open post roads through the
States, and to pay for all things necessary to fit
them for use in the transportation of the mail.
