752
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 21.
When the military, and the commercial, and the !
other constitutional powers of the General Gov- ,
eminent are properly considered, in connection
with the power to establish post roads, I believe
that nothing but party prejudice prevents a sane
mind from perceiving that the Constitution has
conferred the power to make a railroad and tele-
graph from the Mississippi to California.
A few words more: If this amendment, or any-
thing like it, prevails, I am done, so far as my vote
is concerned, with this bill. I do not know that
my vote is wanted. I have no influence, I admit;
but my vote counts like that of any other Sena-
tor. If you adopt anything like that amendment
you take away from the contractors the power of
beginning the work at a proper point upon the
Mississippi, or of beginning upon the Bay of San
Francisco.
Mr. BUTLER. Why not say San Diego?
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Well,San Diego. They
are both in the State of California. That is the
idea which I wish to present to the Senate. San
Diego and San Francisco are in a State. The
Mississippi and the Missouri are now located in
States until you get up to a high latitude; and you
must begin at points within States to construct
the road. You must begin at points accessible by
navigation, because economy requires that you
should thus begin, and then use the road to carry
men, provisions, and implements, to do the work
as the road progresses. If you cut off facilities
for obtaining supplies from navigable waters, and
conveying them along the road as it advances, you
take away the means of facile construction, and
double or treble "the expenses. Now, adopt this
amendment in any of its shapes, and you cannot
begin the work in a State.
The object of the amendment is to prevent be-
ginning the work in a State, so far as it depends
upon the use of Government funds. The work ;
cannot be begun unless the Government will fur- i
nish a large portion of the funds. If, then, you !
prohibit the expenditure of Government funds in
a State, you thereby exclude the Mississippi river,
San Francisco and San Diego, as points of begin-
ning, because they are within States. In this way
the amendment prevents bringing the road in con-
tact with navigation and thus deprives contractors
of the advantages of cheap supplies. Do that, and
whatgood will the bill accomplish? Justassoonas
it is done, I say what my friend from Texas said
the other day, it is dead; and I wash my hands
of it. To construct this road, you must begin at
termini upon navigable waters which will enable
you to carry thence, upon the road, your men,
your provisions, your tools, and everything. Un-
less you allow it to be begun in that way, it is !
not worth while to begin at all. Talk about be-
ginning one hundred or two hundred miles in the
interior of a wilderness, where steamboats cannot
reach the points of commencement! A practical
mind cannot tolerate the idea for a moment. If
you will not allow us to use the funds of the Gov-
ernment and begin at proper points, to and from
which supplies can tie cheaply transported, we
can do nothing. Therefore, the success of the
project is involved in this amendment, and if it
prevails all is lost.
Mr. WELLER. Really, it seems very strange
that the Senator from Kentucky is not able to
comprehend the true intent and meaning of the
amendment proposed by my friend from Illinois.
He has on more than one occasion, during this
debate, said that if this amendment be adopted,
it will be utterly impossible for the contractors to
begin the road within the limits of a State. Sir,
that is not the case at all, and although I claim to
be a good-natured man, 1 confess I have been a
little fretted. If the contractors begin a road within
the State, they will have nothing to rely upon for
its construction except the alternate sections of
land, six miles on each side. If this is not enough,
let us increase the quantity. I apprehend that
will be amply sufficient to enable the contractors
to obtain money for the prosecution of the road, \
until they reach the territorial limits of the United |
States. These contractors will have the whole of :
the money, and the whole of the land, under this
amendment, precisely as they would have had j
under the original bill. For instance, if the road
commences in the State of Texas, they wiU have
lands donated to them for six miles on each side
for its construction, until they reach the limits of
a Territory, when they will nave the $30,000,000
which are appropriated, and alternate sections of
land twelve miles on each side. It was never de-
signed or intended by this bill that the Govern-
ment should construct this road, and there, it
seems to me, is the great objection to the argument
upon the other side, for they assume that the Gov-
ernment of the United States, in donating this
land and money, undertakes to complete it! Such
is not the case. The Government of the United
States, regarding this as a great national work,
important not only in a commercial, but in a mil-
itary point of view, undertakes to donate cer-
tain quantities of land, in the States and Terri-
tories, to the contractors, and in addition to that,
$20,000,000, in Government bonds. This is to
be given to the contractors, by way of inducing
them to construct this road; in other words, the
Government proposes to pay for nearly one half
of the cost of the construction of the road; the
contractors to pay the other half, estimating the
cost at §80,000,000. The road is to be the prop-
erty of the contractors; they are to derive the
profits resulting from the use of it. Pass the bill
in the shape which I propose, and I undertake to
say there will be plenty of capitalists who will
seek investments in this work. It will, I think I
could demonstrate, be the most profitable stock of
this character in the Union.
It does seem to me that this is so plain that j
every Senator upon this floor is able to compre-
hend it at once. The contractors-, I repeat again,
will have just as much money and just as much
land for the construction of the road under the
amendment proposed by my friend from Illinois,
as they would have received under the original
bill. Wherefore then the objection ? No one of
the States will be interested in it directly as con-
tractors, because it is proposed that a company
shall construct this road. If they had intended or
expected that the States through which the road
passed should enter into competition with private
individuals for its construction, why did they pro-
pose incorporations ' Did they intend to incorpo-
rate the State of Texas or the State of California?
If so, why was the original bill so framed as to
allow private corporations to come in? Surely
they did not intend to incorporate a State ! They
expected that this road was to be constructed by
private individuals, and by way of inducing them
to engage in that work it was proposed to give a
certain quantity of land and of money. That was
certainly my understanding—that is the plain lan-
guage of the bill; the whole act is based upon the
idea that the work is to be done by contractors and
not by the States—that when completed it is to be
the property of the contractors, and not of the
States or Federal Government.
Now, how would this impede the prosecution
of the work? If the company constructed a road
vVithin a State, as a matter of course they would
have sufficient lands to hypothecate, in order to
obtain money for the construction! of the road.
In the end, they obtain, as I have already said, all
the lands and all the money that they would have
obtained under the original bill. What, then, can
be the disastrous effect of the amendment? I said
before, in order to make this bill consistent with
itself, it is only necessary to change two of its
sections. If the amendment be adopted without
any further modification of the bill, I grant you
that it would be an impracticable one; but if you
incorporate the two amendments to the two sec-
tions which I intend to propose, the congruity of
the bill will be preserved, and yet at the same
time it will be practicable, and will establish the
principle contained in the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Illinois. That which in his amendment
•is abstract I propose to make practical. The
latter part of his amendment, is in my judgment,
wholly unnecessary, as the bill already requires
the consent of the States through which the road
passes.
The Government of the United States is to
transport its troops, its mails, and its munitions
of war, &c., over this road. In consideration of
ihat,it denotes $20,000,000 and a certain quantity
of land. Is not that the whole of it? Is not this
donation amply sufficient? Whether they are to
: spend the money in the Territories or in the States,
is a matter of no importance to them, for this
| reason—it will take more than §20,000,000 to make
j the road through the Territories of the United
States, It will take double that sum. They would
I have to expend more than $20,000,000 within the
Territories at all events. Why not, therefore,
incorporate this amendment? If the Senator from
Texas had presented any good reasons why the
principle should be abandoned, I would accede to
his amendment; but to my mind, there is no diffi-
culty whatever. You can adopt this amendment.
You can modify the sections of the bill as re-
quired, and prosecute the work with much more
vigor and more certainty of success than you
could under the original bill. That there will be
much difficulty in constructing that part of the
road which runs through the Territories, is unde-
niable; the lands which will be found adjacent to
it, select whatever route you may, are not of the
best quality. Much of it will turn out to be en-
tirely worthless—a barren waste. If the extreme
northern route be selected, I have no doubt
after the road enters California, it will give the
contractors some of the richest mineral lands in
that State. If I were a speculator, and desired to
accumulate wealth, I would not hesitate to in-
vest every dollar I have in the world in a contract
made under this bill. I do not desire, nor do I
intend now to discuss the constitutionality of the
question which is presented. There are doubts in
the minds of many Senators on the subject, and I
was desirous to obviate, as far as.possible, those
doubts, which I believe are conscientiously enter-
tained. The whole of them will be obviated by
requiring the money appropriated to be expended
within the Territories. Now, if any Senator can
show me that this is impracticable—that it is im-
possible to construct a road in this way, by re-
quiring the money to be expended in the Territo-
ries, my ardent anxiety for its prosecution may
induce me to fall in with them; but until that is
demonstrated I must adhere to the principle which
is asserted in the amendment. I cannot abandon
it upon the mere declaration of Senators that it
will endanger the bill. I am always willing to
make my opinions conform to the views of friends
when no sacrifice is required.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, this vote having
been reconsidered, the bill is restored to the po-
sition which it occupied before that amendment
was adopted; and I wish to address a few words
to the Senate in regard to its present posture,
i The change proposed by the amendment is about
this: it is to take the twenty millions of dollars
which the bill proposes to grant, in the scrip of
the United States, and limit the expenditure of
that sum of money to the Territories, excluding
it, in other words, from the States. Now, sir,
there would seem to be some obvious advantages
in that as well as some disadvantages. I think it
is worthy of the consideration of the chairman
of the committee, to reflect, for a moment, that if
you take off perhaps one third or more of the dis-
tance which may be said to be within the States,
and then apply the money to the distance through
the Territories, why the twenty millions will
come very near to, if they will not, build the road
in the Territories. They will secure you a road
through the Territories of the United States, be-
cause it transfers all the appropriation designed for
the two thousand miles, to that limited portion of
j it which lies within the Territories of the United
I States.
But there is a difficulty thrown out with regard
to this matter, which may merit some considera-
tion. Is there a point within the Territories
j where this road ought to terminate, which con-
nects itself with water navigation, or with railroad
communication, or with any other facility, which
would enable the parties making this road to pros-
ecute it with success ? That is a question which
I cannot decide here. I am not quite prepared to
say where the best commercial route is.
My honorable friend from South Carolina [Mr.
! Butler] says that we are walking in the dark, that
! antecedent surveys are indispensable, in order to
enable us to comprehend where we should put
J down our feet. All that is provided for, as the
; honorable Chairman [Mr. Rusk] has shown. All
the surveys that are necessary must precede all
action. Nothing can be done without them. There
is, therefore, no insecurity. There will he no want
of light. But I cannot decide by anticipation
where the President, who is vested with the power,
t, will put down the terminus of this road at the
Mississippi river. If I could, I could understand
, pretty well where it would pass through the Ter-
j. ritones.
II Well, sir, this is about the posture of the mat-
