1853.
TOE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
any road ere ardent supporters of this amendment.
I entirely acquit gantlemen of any improper mo-
tives in betiu; enemiea of ihe road, out if thia
amendment baa any prospect of success, where
Uix* 11 come I'rora? Why, air, from those gentle-
men who hare boldly aaitl in their places that they
intended to defeat any road. They vote for thia
amendment; and why will they do ao.> Because
they will make the bill odiow to ita friends, odi-
ous to a majority of the Senate, and thua defeat
it. They want to destroy the measure. The
friends of a railroad should consider thia before
they vole for this amendment. Mr. President, I
cannot be mistaken in thia: that if we do not take
the result of oar labors aa they were matured and
krowfht out of Committee of the Whole, we not
only risk the passage of the bill in this body, but
we jeopardise it in the other House; aad I look
upon it ss one of the greatest misfortunes that
could happen to the country that we should not
have some bill passed during this session.
I make this statement for the purpose of getting
• road. I will vote for any kind ef a bill that
does not, in my opinion, violate the Constitution.
I will rote for this bill as it came from the Com-
mittee of the Whole, or if it is amended as pro-
posed by the Senator from Illinois. 1 will vote
tor it in every form which it may assume: but I
must say that I do not think we can pass any bill ,
through cither House of Congress this session
tor Ike eaaiawm defease and general welfae, > would be con-
trary to Uie established and consistent rules of interpreta-
tion; aa rendering the special and careful enumeration of
powers which follow the clause nugatory and improper,
such a view of the Constitution would have the effect of
jnvint to Congress a general power of legislation, Instead of
i. * limned one hitherto understood to belong
to them: the U'rtn* 4 common defense and general welfare.^
embracing every ohjwt and act within the purview of a legja-
lanve trust. It would bare the effect of subjecting both the
constitution and laws of Ute several States, in all cases not
specific Ally exempted, to be auaperseded by laws of Con-
gress ; it being expressly declared,' that the Constitution of
' the (lulled States, and laws made in pursuance thereof,
•shall be the supreme law of the laad, and the judges of
• every State shall be bound thereby, anything in tha con
stituuon or laws of any Slate to the contrary notwith-
standing.* Such a view of the Constitution, finally, would
have the effect of excluding the Judicial authority of the
I'Ditott State* (toot ita DUtioi nation tnru&n)in«ih«i hnnnHara
755
har^W 8pnwnce' 8ua">e'i Underwood, Wade, and Wei
I States IVoni its participation in guardingthe boundary
between the legislative powers of the Ueneral and the Slate
(soveroaiente; inasmuch as questions relating lo the gen-
eral welfare being questions of policy and expediency, are
unsusceptible of judicial eogniaance and decision.
"A restriction of the power ' to provide for the common
defease and general welfare,' to caws which are to he pro-
vided for by the expenditure of money, would mill leave
within the legislative power of Congress all the great and
most important measures of Government; money heing the
ordinary aad necessary means of carrying them into exe-
cution.
" If a general power to construct roads and canals, and
to improve the navigation of water-courses, with the train
or powers incident thereto, be not possessed hy Congress,
tfce asaeat of the States in the mode provided in the bill
cannot confer the power. The only cases ill which the
consent and cession of particular Stales can extend the
. . . , -   power of Congress, are those specified and provided for in
but the one we matured and reported to the Senate , «*• Constitution.
from the Committee of the Whole. 11 ',*■*1,01 unaware of the great importance of road* and
Mr. ADAMS. , r_ r 
difficulties in the way of getting a rote on the
question. I made a few remarks in the com-
I# i.   .  j <*aals, and the improved navigation of water courses, and
It la not my purpose to throw , that a power in the National Legislature to provide for tbein
merveement of the discussion against the bill.
Since that, though I have been against the bill in
its present shape, I have voted with its friends for
the purpose of getting through with it. 1 do not
now intend to state my objections to the bill. I
reserve that to myself until the next session. I
differ, however, with the Senator from Texas,
who says that when, on Saturday, the amendment
•f the Senator from Illinois was adopted, it was a
defeat of the bill. I consider that bill was killed
two weeks ago. Time, the destroyer of all things,
had fixed its fate inevitably two weeks ago. If it
had been passed during the first month of the ses-
sion, it would have been possible—barely possi-
ble—that there would be sufficient time to get it
through the House. I think, therefore, that its
friends have had a great deal of crimination and
recrimination to-day, which was altogether un-
My object in rising, however, was to call atten-
tion to the opinion of Mr. Madison, as he has
been quoted on this particular subject. Tbe Sen-
ator from Kentucky thought proper to introduce
some remarks of Mr. Madison, but be admitted,
however, that those remarks seemed to imply a
different meaningfroni that for which he contended.
Then he read the remarks of others, in 179S, to
show Mr. Madison's views. Now, as I am not
going to address the Senate on the question, I beg
leave to read to the Senate Mr. Madison's opinion
on this very subject, without any comment. In
1817, when the question was differently presented
to him in a bill for his sanction, he gave the fol-
lowing as his views, in the veto message, on that
bill:
" Having considered the bill this day presented to me, en-
titled ' Aa act lo set apart and pledge certain funds for in-
ternal improvements,' and which sets apart and pledges
fund*' for enmmtmeHmt roads and canals, and improving the
• navigation of waler-coursesin order tn racililst/". promote. •
• and give security to internal commerce among the several
• Pules, and to render more easy and less expensive Ihe
• means and provisions tor the common defense,' T am con-
strained, by the Insuperable difficulty I feel in reconciling
tbe Mil with the Constitution of the United States, to return
it with that objection to tbe House of ninm'Sf iiniiy*- in
which it originated.
" The legislative powers vested In Congress are specified
aad enumerated is the eighth section of the Brat article of
the Constitution, and it does sot appear that the power pro
posed to be exercised by the Mil is among the enumerated
powers, or that h fall., by any just Interpretation, within
tbe power to make laws necessary snd proper for earning
into execution those or other powers vested by tbe Confu-
tation in the Government of the United States.
"' The power lo regulate commerce among the several
Kates'cannot include a power to construct roads and ca-
nals, and to improve the navigation of water courses in
order lo facilitate, promote, and secure snch a commerce
without a latitude of construction departing from the ordi-
nary import of the terms, strengthening by the known in-
conveniences which doubtless led to the grant of this reme-
dial power to Congress.
" To rsfar the power in question to (he clan** < to provide
might be exercised with signal advantage to the general
T osperity. But seeing that such a power is not expressly
given by the Constitution, and believing that it cannot be
deduced from any pan of it without an inadmissible laUtude
of construction, and a reliance on insufficient precedents;
believing, also, thai the permanent success of the Consti-
tution depends on a definite partition of powers between
the General and the State Governments, and that no ade-
quate landmarks would be left by the constructive exten-
sion of tbe powers of Congress, as proposed in the bill, I
have no option but to withhold my signature from it, and
to cherishing the hope that ita beneficial objecu may be at-
tained by a resort tor t be necessary powers to the same wis-
dom and virtue in the nation which established tbe Consti-
tution in its actual form, and providently marked out, in
the instrument itself, a safe and practicable mode of im-
proving it, as experience might suggest."
_ There has been no change in the Constitution
since that time, and therefore I think Mr. Madi-
son 's objections apply now as well as then. My
object merely was, inasmuch as Mr. Madison's
opinions had been quoted, to bring them before
the Senate as they were then expressed.
Mr. WELLER. I rise to express the hope
that the Senate will now proceed to dispose of this
bill. It is important in many points of view that
it should be disposed of. The termination of the
session is rapidly approaching, and there are
many bills of importance which ought not to be
overlooked.
Mr. SHIELDS. The honorable Senator from
! California has an amendment prepared, and 1 am
perfectly willing to accede to it, and to withdraw
, my own, in order that he may offer his. I be-
lieve also that the honorable Senator from Mis-
souri [Mr. Geteb] has one which will be satis-
factory to me.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Brad-
bust in the chair.) As the yeas and nays have !
been ordered upon the amendment, it cannot be '
withdrawn unless by unanimous consent.
Mr. HUNTER. I object.
Mr. SHIELDS. I would ask whether it would
be in order for me to accept the amendment of the
honorable Senator from California in lieu of my
own?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
does not understand that the amendment can be
modified after the yeas and nays have been ordered,
unless by unanimous consent.
Mr. DE SAUSSURE announced that his col-
! league [Mr. Butler] has paired off with the Sen-
' ator from North Carolina.
Hie question being taken by yeas and nays on
the amendment of Mr. Shields, resulted—yeas
24, nays 28; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams; Bayard, Bradbury, Bright,
Brodhead, Cass, Charlton, Cooper, Dawson, De Saussure,
Douglas, Downs, Fftzpatrick, Hamlin, Hunter, Mallory,
Mason. Morton, rearee, Phelps, Shields, Bould, Toucey,
and Walker—34.
NAYS—Messrs. Atchison, Bell, Borland, Brooke, Chute,
Clarke, Davie, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Foot,
Geyer, Gwin, Hale, Houston, Jones of Iowa, Jones ofTen-
nsssee, Mangum, Miller, Pratt, Busk, Sebastian, Seward,
ler—SW.
So the amendment was rejected,
ii Now I appeal to the friends of
tha bill to let us have the test question on iis en-
grossment, Without amendment. Then, if we
cannot pass this bill, we can amend it, and get
one that can be passed. Let us have a test ques-
whether this bill, after ita being matured, can
paas the Senate; and let us have that test question
°" ,t',e engrossment of the bill. I hope the friends
of the bill will agree to that.
Mr. WELLER. So far as I am concerned, I
prefer that the teat question shall be taken on the
bill after it snail have been perfected,according to
what my notions of perfection are. I think the
bill can be made much better than it is; and for
the purpose of accomplishing that object, I have
some amendments to propose. A portion of the
amendment which has just been voted down is, in
my opinion, wholly unnecessary; I mean that
portion which required the express authority of
the States to construct this road. 1 can readily
see that that might lead to some of the difficulties
adverted to by my friend from Texas. There is
already a provision in the first section ««that be-
' fore the said road shall be located or constructed
i ' through any State, the consent of the Legisla-
' ture thereof to the provisions contained in this
i ' act shall be first had and obtained."
The legal effect of that proviso is to require the
consent of a State Legislature to the construction
of the road through its own limits. That is all on
that point, in my judgment, that was necessary.
' My first amendment is to insert after the provision
| S*ving $20,000,000 in bonds of the Government
J redeemable in twenty years, the words " which
' said torn shall be expended exclusively in the
'construction of that portion of the road which
' runs within the Territories of the United States."
The only object of that amendment is simply to
confine the expenditure of the money which is ap-
propriated by this bill to the construction of the
road within the Territories of the United States.
That is the first amendment which I now pro-
pose to this bill.
Mr. GWIN called for the yeas and nays on the
amendment, and they were ordered.
Mr. WELLER. The subsequent amendment
I have to offer to the sixth section is designed of
course to carry out that principle, and I submit to
the Senate whether it would not be well enough to
take the vote upon both propositions at the same
time, as they are substantially but one amend-
ment.
Several Senators. One at a time.
Mr. WELLER. Very well.
Mr. HALE. I see that there is a difference
between the friends of this bill which looks rather
discouraging, and I therefore submit a motion that
tbe Senate do now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to, there being, on
a division—ayes 17, noes 24.
Mr. BORLAND. I shall vote against thia
amendment, for the reason that it is, in substance,
the same as the one which has just been voted
upon.
Mr. SEWARD. That is speech enough for
us all.
Mr. CASS. If I understand this amendment,
it is not the same as the other, and if I understand
it correctly, I shall have to vote against it. I be-
lieve it does not save the jurisdiction of the States.
I believe it proposes tn make the work by the con-
trol and under the authority of fhe General Gov-
ernment, requiring what I think is a fundamental
error, the consent of the States in order to get ju-
I risdiction. If I understand the amendment rightly,
: I shall vote against it.
j Mr. WELLER. That question has nothing
to do with the amendment at all. The first sec-
| tion of the bill may be amended so as to conform
| to the views of the Senator; but this amendment
j does not touch that question. It does not allude
j to it in the remotest manner.
Mr. CASS. I thought the honorable Senator,
| from the remarks he made, intended to attach to
his amendment the provision of the first section.
Mr._ WELLER. I said that I did not consider
a portion of the amendment of the Senator from
Illinois as necessary; that I was opposed to a por-
tion of it, because I thought the first section of
the bill was already guarded sufficiently in relation
to therighta of the States; but this amendment has
