758
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 21,
The question wa put, and the amendment was !
agreed to. i
The question next recurred on the amendment
of the committee in reference to salaries anil out-
fits of charges d*aiftures, which was to strike out
•• $7( ,o00" and to insert14 §103,000," so as to
make the sentence read:
For salaries ami outfits of charges d'affaires to Portu-
gal, Au>tna, Denmark, Sweden, Holland, Helgium, Na-
ples, Sardinia, the I'apal States, \ew Uninada, Venezuela,
Buen.w A\ r  >, B«*h\ in, Guatemala, Ecuador, Switzerland,
and Nicaragua, s7,\60U."
The question was taken, and the amendment
was agreed to.
The next amendment was read as follows:
'• For the payment to Theodore S. Fay of the difference
between the «>Uarv of a secretary of legation ami a charge
d'affaires, dunn  the tune on several difterem occasions Jie
discharged the duties ot the latter office at Pru^ta. $4,034 73,
the same to be in lieu of all former appropriations, and also
if received tn full for alJ diplomatic services rendered in tlut
capacity."
The question was put, and the'amendment
agreed to.
The next amendment was to add to the following
clause:
" For compensation of the public gardener, $1,200,"
the following words:
" And the exclusive management of the grounds attached
to the Capitol and surrounding the Executive mansion shall
be under his control."
The question was put, and the amendment was
agreed to.
The next amendment proposed by the commit-
tee was, to strike out the following:
" For annual repairs nfthe President's House, furniture,
improvement of ground*, painting and repairing roof, clean-
ing, pamnn^ and whitewashing inside of the house, ex-
tending Past wing of offices tor carriase-housc, blinds for
Hie we>t front of the house, flooring larire room in base-
ment, purchasing trees and plant? fnr garden and for making
hot-beds therein, wire fences, &c.,$o,:250;"
And insert:
" For the construction of hot-water furnaces, the venti-
lation of, and repairs for the Executive mansion, according
to the plan of the architect, submitted to the Committee on
Public Buildings and Grounds of the Hou.^e, on the 4th
February, 1853, and approved by said committee, §30,0U0."
Mr. AVERETT. I ask for the yeas and nays
upon that amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. STABLY. I would inquire of the Chair
what the question is before the House? There is
so much noise in the Hall that it is difficult for us
to hear in this part of the House.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will again report
the amendment: «
The amendment was accordingly read as above.
Mr. STANLY. Thatisright. I tried to keep
the President elect out of the House, but now that
he has got there, I want to make him comfortable.
The question was then taken, and there were—
yeas 63, nays 105; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. John Appleton, William Appleton,
Ashe, Babcock, Bowne, Breckinridge, Bnggs, George H.
Brown, Burt, Chandler, Clark, Cleveland, Coicock, Darby,
George T. Davis, Dimmick, Duncan, Eastman, Fay, Flor-
ence, Gamble, Gilmore, Goodrich, Grey, Grow, Hall, Haws,
Hibbard, Thomas Y. How, Robert \V. Johnson, J. Glancy
Jones, George G. King, Kuhns, Kurtz. Landry, Little,
Lockhart, Mace, McCorkle, McQueen. Meade, Henry D.
Moore, Morrison, Murray, Andrew Parker, Peaslee, Penn,
Porter, Riddle, Sackett, David L. Seymour, Origen S. Sey-
mour, Snow, Stanly, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H.
Stanton, Stone, Stuart, Sutherland, Taylor, Thurston.
Walsh, and Ward—63. '
NAYS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Allison, Averett, David
J. Bailey, Barrere, Beale, Bell, Bibighaus, Bocock, Bragg,
Brenton, Brooks, Burrows, Bu« by, Jos. Cable, Caldwell,
L. D. Campbell, Thompson Campbell, Caskie, Chastain,
Churchwell, Clemens, Clingman, Cobb, Culiom, Daniel,
Dawson, Dockery, Dunham,Durkre, Edmundson, Ewmg,
Fickhn, Fitch, Floyd, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Gaylord, Gor-
man, Hamilton, Harper, Isham G. Hams, Hebard, Hen-
dricks, Henn, Holladay, Horsford, Houston, Howard, John
W. Howe, Thomas M. Howe, Hunter, Ingersoll, Jackson,
Andrew Johnson, George W. Jones, Letcher, Mann, Mar-
tin, Mason, McLanahan, McMulhn, McNair, Mcacham,
Miller, Millson, John Moore, Morehead, Murphy, Nabers
Old*, Orr, Outlaw,Samuel W. Parker. Penmman, Perkins'
Phelps, Polk, Powell, Preston,Reed, Robb!ns,Robie,Ro8s',
Savage, Schoolcraft, 8choonmaker, Scurry, Skelton, Ben-
jamin Stanton, Abraham P. Stephens, Alexander II. Ste-
phens, Thaddeus Stevens. Stratton, Strother, Sweet«er,
Toombs, Townsheud, Wallace, Watkins, Welch Wells
Addison White, Wilcox, Wildnck, and Woodward—105.'
So the amendment was disagreed to.
The next amendment was read as follows:
" For rcfurnishingthe President's House, to be expended
under the direction of the President, in addition to the pro-
ceeds of the sale of such of the furniture and equipage of
said house as maybe decayed, out of repair or unfit for use,
the sum of $25,000." '
The question was put, and the amendment con- ;
curred in. '
The next amendment in order was the follow-
ing:
'• For inclosing with an iron fence and otherwise improv-
ing the triangular space on the north Mdc of Pennsylvania
avenue, oppoMie the market-house and between Seventh
and Eighth streets, $*>,.">00."
The question was put, and the amendment was
agreed to, on a division—ayes 74, noes 56.
The next amendment proposed by the commit-
tee was to strike out the following section of the
bill:
u Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That the following
sum be, and is hereby appropriated, out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, lor the purchase i
and payment of the building at the corner of F street north,
and Seventeenth street we*t, in the city of Washington,
held by William H. Winder, and now in the occupancy ot
the I'mted States,,•5^00,000 : Provided, Said William H.
Winder >hall make to the I'mted State* a good and suffi-
cient title in fee-simple, with general warranty, free from
alt hens and incumbrances to said building and premises
on which the same is situated; such title to he approved
and accepted by the Attorney General and the Secietary of
the Treasury, before payment.
Mr. HUNTER. I ask for the yeas and nays
upon that amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered. ]
The question was then taken, and there were—
yeas 99, nays 92; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Charles Allen, Allison, Averett,
Babcock, Bartlett, Beale, Bell, Bennett, Bihighaus, Bo-
cock, Brapg, Brenton, Albert G. Brown, Burrows, Burt,
Busby, Jos-eph Cable, Caldwell,Thompson Campbell, Cas-
kie, Chastaui, Clark, Clemens, Cobb. Coicock, Conger,
Darby, Durkee, Eastman, Edgerton, Fay, Fickhn, Fitch,
Flovd, Thomas J. I). Fuller, Gaylord, Ciddings, Goodrich,
Grein, Grey, Grow, Hamilton, Haws, Jlaven, Hebard,
Hendricks ilenn, Holladay, Horsford, Howard, John W.
Howe. Hunter, Ingersoll, Ives, Jackson, Andrew Johnson,
John Johnson, Daniel T. Jones, George G. King, Letcher,
Mae*, Martin, McCorkle, McQueen, Mcacham, Miller,
John Moore, Morehead, Murphy, Murray. Nahers, Outlaw,
Samuel W. Parker, Peaslee, Penniman, Perkins Powell,
Robie, Ro?s, Skelton, Benjamin Stanton, Stone, St. Martin,
Stratton, Strother, Sweet«er, Thurston, Toombs, Towtis-
hend, Wallace, Ward, Watkins, Welch, Wells, Wilcox,
\Vil<friok, Woodward, and Yates—99.
NAYS—Messrs. Abercrombie, John Appleton, William
Appleton, Thomas H. Bayly, Barrere, Bowie, Bowne,
Breckinridge, Briggs, Brooks, George H. Brown, E. Carnng-
ton Cabell, Lewis D. Campbell, Cartter, Chandler, Church-
well, Clingman, Culiom, Curtis, George T. Davis, Dawson,
Dean, Dimmick, Disney, Dockery, Doty, Dunham, Ed-
mundson, Florence, Freeman, Gamble, Gentry, Gilmore,
Gorman, Hall, Harper, Isham G. Hams, Sampson W. Har-
ris, Hart, Hibbard, Houston, Thomas M. Howe, Thomas
Y. How, James Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, George W.
Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Kuhns, Kurtz, Landry, Little,
Lockhart, Mason, McLanahan, McMullin, McNair, Meade,
Millson, Molony, Henry D. Moore, Mornson, Newton,
Olds, Orr, Andrew Parker, Penn, Phelps, Polk, Porter,
Preston, Reed, Riddle, Robbins, Robinson, Sabine, Sackctt,
Savage, Schermerhorn, Schoolcraft, Scurry, Snow, Stanly,
Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Abraham P. Ste-
phens, Alexander II. Stephens, Thaddeus Stevens,Stuart,
Taylor, Tuck, Venable,and Walsh—92.
So the amendment was concurred in, and the
section was stricken out.
The next and final amendment was then read, as
follows:
" And be it further enacted, That the salary of the Su-
perintendent of the Coast Survey shall be $6,000 pier an-
num, and it shall be the duty of the Secretary of the Jnte- ,
nor to report to Congress during the first month of each j
regular session, the number and names of the persons em- '
ployed during the last preceding fiscal year upon the coast
survey and business connected therewith, the amount of
compensation of every kind respectively paid to them, for
what purpose, and the length of time employed ; and fur-
ther, to report a full statement of all other expenditures
made, under the direction of the Superintendent of the
Coast Survey."
The question was taken on the amendment, and
it was concurred in.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time, and having been engrossed, it
was, according to order, read the third time and
passed.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed, and to lay the
motion to reconsider upon the table.
| The latter motion was agreed to.
REORGANIZATION OP THE NAVY.
The SPEAKER. The question next in order
1 for consideration, is a motion by the gentleman
from Tennessee, [Mr. Stanton,] holding over
from last Monday, to suspend the rules for the pur-
pose of taking from the Speaker's table Senate bill
No. 574, entitled an "An act to reorganize the
Navy of the United States."
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi. I demand tell-
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Hall and
Wilcox were appointed.
The question was put and there were, on a di-
vision—ayes 71 
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. As this is a
very important bill, I demand the yeas and nays
on the motion for the suspension of the rules.
Mr. STANLY. In order that the House may
vote understanding^, I would ask of the chair-
man of the Committee on Naval Affairs, whether
it is his intention, if the rules be suspended, to take
the bill up and put it on its passage, or move its
reference to the Naval Committee?
Mr. STANTON, if I had succeeded in getting
the floor on a former occasion, I should have
asked the reference of the bill to the Committee on
Naval Affairs; but it is now too late, and I desire
to fix a certain day for its consideration, if it be
taken up by the House.
The question was taken and the rules were not
suspended, two thirds not voting in theaffimative,
—yeas <J8, nays 84; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, William Appleton, ARhe, Thos.
H. Ba\ly, Hartlett, Bell, Rococh, Bowie, Bragff, Brooks,
AlberlG. llrown, George H. Brown, Burrows, Burt, K. Car-
rington Cabell, Caldwell, Lewis I). Campbell, Caskie,
Chandler, Chapman, Clemens, Cleveland, Cluigman, Cul-
iom, Curtis, Darby, George T. Davis, Dean, Dlmnuck,
Disney, Doty, Duncan, Durkee. Edmundson, Fay, Fickhn,
Florence, Thomas J. I). Fuller, Gentry, Goodrich, Gor-
man, Green, Grey, Harper, Sampson W. Harris, Hart,
Haws, Holladay, Howard, Thomas Y. How, Ingersoll,
Jackson, Robert YV. Johnson, George G. King, Kuhns, Lan-
dry, Martin, McCorkle, McLanahan, Meade, Henry D.
Moore, John Moore, Murray, Newton, Olds, Peaslee,
Penn, Penniman, Perkins, Powell, Riddle, Robie, Robin-
son, Sabine. Schermerhorn,Schoonmaker, Origen S. Sey-
mour, Skelton, Snow, Stanly, Fred. P. Stanton, Abraham
P. Stephens, Thaddeus Stevens, Stone, St. Martin, Strat-
ton, Strother, Stuart, Sutherland, Taylor, Thurston, Yen-
able, Walsh, Ward, Washburn, Watkins, Wells, Addison
White, and Wildrick—98.
MAYS—Messrs. Charles Allen, Allison, Averett, Bar-
rere, Beale, Bennett, Bowne, John H. Iloyd, Brenton,
' Bnggs, Joseph Cable, Thompson Campbell, Cartter, Chan-
tain, Clark, Cobb, Coicock, Daniel, Dawson, Dockery,
Dunham, Eastman, Edgerton, Filch, Floyd, Freeman,
Gamble, Gaylord, Giddings, Gilmore, Grow, Hall, Hamil-
ton, Isham G. Harris, Haven, Hebard, Hendricks, Henn,
Hibbard, Horsford, Houston, John W. Howe, Thomas M.
Howe, Ives, Andrew Johnson,James Johnson,John John-
son, Daniel T. Jones, George W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones,
Kurtz, Letcher, Little, Lockhart, Mace, Maun, Mason,
McNair, McQueen, Miller, Millson, Molony, Morrison,
Murphy, Nabers, Orr, Outlaw, Andrew Parker, Samuel
W. Parker, Phelps, Porter, ltobbins, Ross, Russell, Sack-
ett, Schoolcraft, Scurry, David L. Seymour, Benjamin
Stanton, Alexander H. Stephens, Toombs, Townshend,
Tuck, Welch, Woodward, and Yates—84.
So the House refused to suspend the rules.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
[Cries of" It is too late!"]
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire only that the House
shall go into the Committee of the Whole to take
up the Indian appropriation bill, and dispense with
its first reading.
Mr. McMULLIN. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
The question was taken, and the House refused
to adjourn.
Mr. MILLSON. I wish to ask for the unani-
mous consent of the House, before the question
is taken on the motion to go into committee, for
leave to introduce a bill providing a pension for
1 an elderly lady whose husband was killed in battle.
Its consideration will not occupy three minutes.
Mr. HOUSTON. If I withdraw my motion
for one I will have to for all.
The question was taken, and the motion of Mr.
Houston was agreed to—ayes 108, noes not
counted.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Bocock in the chair.)
Mr. HOUSTON. I move to take up the In-
dian appropriation bill.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to. .
Mr. HOUSTON. I move to dispense with the
first reading of the bill.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi. The purpose
which the gentleman from Alabama had in view
is now accomplished; I therefore move that the
committee do now rise,
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I hope that the.
