1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
761
Senators, who wished to make reports, he did not
press the motion.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. BRIGHT, from the Committee on Roads
and Canals, to which was referred the petition of
Edward Q. Fitch, asked to be discharged from the
further consideration thereof; which was agreed to.
Mr. BRODHEAD, from the Committee on
Claims, to which was referred the joint resolu-
tion explanatory of an act entitled " An act for
the relief of Abigail Stafford," reported it without
amendment.
Mr. BORLAND, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to which were referred sundry petitions
of registers and receivers of land offices, report-
ed a bill for the relief of the present and late land
officers in the States of Alabama, Mississippi,
Louisiana, and Arkansas; which was read and
passed to a second reading.
Mr. DAWSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to which was referred the memorial
of Harriet O. Read, submitted a report, accom-
panied by a bill for the relief of the executrix of
the late Lieutenant Colonel A. C. W. Fanning,
of the United States Army; which was read and
passed to the second reading.
The report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. MORTON, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, to which was referred
the bill from the House of Representatives for the
relief of James H. Jenkins, reported it without
amendment.
Mr. GWIN, from the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, to which was referred the bill from the
House of Representatives for the relief of Captain
Lewis E. Simonds, reported it without amend-
ment.  
Mr. DOWNS, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, to which was referred the petition
of John Gusman, of Louisiana, submitted a re-
port, accompanied by a bill for his relief; which
was read and passed to the second reading.
The report was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the bill from the House of Repre-
sentatives for the relief of Ira Baldwin, reported
it without amendment. -
Mr. FOOT, from the Select Committee to which
was referred the petition of James S. French, re-
ported a bill to test the practicability and value of
Colonel James S. French's invention for improve-
ment in railroads and locomotive engines; which
was read and passed to a second reading.
Mr. BRADBURY, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported a bill to assist the heads of the
Executive Departments in ascertaining the proper
persons who are entitled to receive payments of
accounts against the United States, when audited
and adjusted; which waa read and passed to the
second reading.
BILLS, ETC., INTRODUCED.
Mr. WELLER, by unanimous consent, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a bill to facilitate
the settlement of the accounts of the late collector
of the district of Upper California; which was
read a first and secona time by its title, and, to-
gether with the accompanying papers, referred to
the Committee on Finance.
Mr. SUMNER, by unanimous consent, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a bill to provide
for the reciprocal execution of letters rogatory by
the courts of the United States in behalf of the
courts of justice of friendly nations; which was
read a first and second time by its title, and referred
to the Committee on the Judicary.
Mr. CHASE, agreeably to previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to bring in a joint reso-
lution authorizing the President of the United
States to purchase of Hiram Powers his statue
of " America;" which was read and passed to a
second reading.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives
was received, by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, announ-
cing that it had passed the bill from the Senate for
the relief of Mary W. Thompson, with an amend-
ment.
Also, that it had passed a bill for the -relief of
John Huffington.
Also, that it had agreed to the amendment of
"the Senate to the bill for the relief of Josiah P.
Pilcher, late a private in Company F, second
Kentucky regiment of volunteers in the war with
Mexico; and to the amendments of the Senate to
the bill to regulate the fees and costs to be allowed
clerks, marshals, and attorneys of the circuit and
district courts of the United States, and for other
purposes.
INTERNATIONAL ARBITRATION.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I desire to submit a
report from the Committee on Foreign Relations
upon the subject of substituting arbitration for
war. 1 am permitted to make it in virtue of what
I will read to the Senate:
" Being informed that the members of the Committee
on Foreign Relations are equally divided on the subject of
your resolution in relation to international arbitration as
a substitute for war, I therefore hereby authorize you to
report the resolution and your argument, and to ask tor the
priming thereof, but deem it proper, at the, same time, to
say that my object is to get your resolution and report be-
fore the Senate for the purpose of consideration, not having
been in the committee when the subject was disposed of,
and not intending to commit myself in favor of vour reso-
lution. " S. A. DOUGLAS."
We all know that Mr. Douglas is a member of
the committee, but was not permitted to be pres-
ent, owing to circumstances to which 1 need not
refer. I now ask leave to present the resolution
and report, and ask that they may be printed.
They were ordered to be printed.
The resolution is as follows:
Resolved, That the Senate doth advise the President
to secure, whenever it may be practicable, a stipulation in
all treaties hereafter entered into with other nations, pro-
viding for the adjustment of any misunderstanding or con-
troversy which may arise between the contracting parties
by referring the same to the decision of disinterested and
| impartial arbitrators, to be mutually chosen.
Mr. MASON. I understand from what fell
, from the honorable Senator that that report is
1 made from the Committee on Foreign Relations by
the permission of one member of that committee,
as stated in writing. I wish to say that the mi-
nority of the committee, of which I waa one,
utterly dissented from the conclusion as well as
| the reasoning.
EXTENSION OF THE STEAMBOAT LAW.
Mr. DAVIS. I am instructed by the Commit-
tee on Commerce to report a joint resolution in
! amendment to the joint resolution relating to the
tests by inspectors of steamers, approved the 7th
day of January, 1853. As it relates to a Bubject
1 of very considerable interest, which ought to be
: acted on immediately, I am instructed further to
! ask for its consideration at this time.
The joint resolution was read a first and second
lime by its title, and considered as in Committee
of the Whole, and the Secretary was proceeding
to read it 
Mr. WELLER. t suppose the resolution is to
be printed, and therefore there is no necessity for
reading it. Does the Senator propose action upon
it now f ,
Mr. DAVIS. I would state to the gentleman,
what very many Senators know, that numerous
petitions have been presented, praying an exten-
sion of the time for certain preparations to enable
them to comply with the steamboat law. They
also ask for some modification as to the require-
ments in reference to life-boats.
Mr. WELLER. I have no objection.
Thejoint resolution proposes to allow the inspec-
tors of steamers to exercise the powers conferred
upon them by the joint resolution approved Janu-
ary 7,1853; but that in no case shall the time grant-
ed extend beyond the 1st of June, and that they
may approve of boilers and steam-pipes made sub-
sequent to the passage of the act of August 30,
1852, if they be not made with stamped iron, if it
shall appear that stamped iron could not be sea-
sonably procured. It also proposes to authorize
the inspectors, upon satisfactory proof that the
owners of a steamer are not enabled to procure
seasonably, or upon reasonable terms, a metallic
life-boat as required by that 'act, or that such a
boat is unsuited to the navigation in which that
steamer is employed, to accept a substitute or sub-
stitutes for such metallic life-boat. It also pro-
vides that the inspectors may, if they deem it safe,
permit boats to run on occasional excursions not
exceeding thirty miles, with a less number of life-
preservers than is required bytheprovisionsof the
act of August 30, 1852, and may also in such
case dispense with the registering of passengers.
It further proposes to resolve that no person in-
terested as a patentee, manufacturer, or otherwise,
directly or indirectly, in life-preservers, life-boats,
or any other article required by steamers under
the law of August 30,1852, shall be deemed cbm-
petent to hold the office of inspector, or to dis-
charge its duties.
Mr. CASS. I desire to ask the honorable Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, for I did not understand
him distinctly, what portion of the law of the last
session is postponed until the 1st of June? I have
received letters from persons interested in lake
navigation, who represent that there are details in
that bill, which if immediately carried into effect
must destroy steam navigation. I do not profess
to understand the subject, but I believe the hon-
orable Senator does understand it; and therefore I
would ask him for some information.
Mr. DAVIS. This resolution gives the inspect-
ors power, in case the parties shall not be prepared
in any particular as required by the law to execute
its provisions, to extend the period of time to the
1st of June, upon application for that purpose
being made.
Mr. CASS. I would ask the honorable Senator
if that, under the circumstances, is long enough?
I very much doubt it.
Mr. DAVIS. I am advised by the inspectors
that it is long enough.
Mr. CASS. I should prefer a longer time.
Mr. DAVIS. I cannot conceive a case in which
ample preparation might not be made by that time,
even if nothing had been, so far, done.
Mr. CASS. There is a tremendous interest in-
volved in this subject. A large amount of capital
has been expended in the construction of steam-
ers under existing laws. Wechange the whole
of those laws. We require the oarties to make
radical changes in their boats, subjecting them to
very great expense. It is an important subject,
therefore, ana I have serious doubts whether the
time proposed by the honorable Senator is long
enough. But, I repeat, I do not understand the
details of the subject well enough to speak posi-
tively; but the representations made to me are
such as to excite my serious apprehension that
this time is not long enough.
Mr. RUSK. Mr. President, the practical ef-
fects of this salutary measure have already shown
themselves. Up to this time of the last se'ssion of
Congress I think we had information of five hun-
dred souls which had been harried into eternity
by accidents on steamboats. Sir, the fact is a
striking one, and I repeat it—up to this time from
the beginning of the last session of Congress we
had received information of five hundred individ-
uals who had been destroyed by accidents on steam-
boats. Now, sir, mark the significant difference.
If there has been a single case of loss of life by
steamboat accident during the present session I
have not heard of it. If there has been one, it
has' escaped my notice. This, sir, has been the
result of the caution observed, arj the prepara-
tions made to comply with the law. I know that
there is a large capital invested in steamboats;
and I also know that capital desires to prescribe
the rule by which it is to increase itself. We have
had petitions laid Upon our tables for the exten-
sion of the time prescribed for the operation of the
law of the last session, which represent that it is
impossible for them to procure the necessary life-
boats which are required by its provisions. Why,
sir, 1 have seen that there are various manufac-
turers of life-boats advertising that they are ready
to comply with all orders at the cheapest rates.
This, sir, is not confined to ode manufacturer of
life-boats. Several manufacturers have circulated
their advertisements far and wide. A New York
manufacturer of life-boats, I am informed, has es-
tablished a manufactory at Louisville, in Ken-
tucky; and he has shown me the orders which
he has received, and I assure the Senate they are
meager, remarkably meager, in comparison with ■
the whole. Sir, it is the duty of these men, and I
think it is their interest too, to come forward and
comply with this law; and I think the extension
proposed by the honorable Senator from Massa-
chusetts is amply sufficient. I have no objection
to those individuals who have capital invested in
steamboats making money; I do not object to
their making ample profits to divide among the
stock-holders; but I do object to their making
such profits by the sacrifice of human life. This
bill checks it. It is a measure which is credit-
able to the head and to the heart of the Senator
from Massachusetts. I think he may look upon
the courSe-fre putmied in the passagotf tiiiB law
