762
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 22.
as the proudest action-of his life; for it throws
around helpless women and children protection
from destruction, arising from the recklessness of
captains of these boats, or the drunkenness of
those who manage these dangerous instruments of
transit and of commerce.
Mr. HAMLIN. Every Senator will recollect
that, for the last four or five years, Congress has
been literally flooded with memorials from every
section of this Union, asking for the passage of
some such law as that which we did pass at the
last session, for the protection of life on our
steamers. I think the Senator from Michigan,
[Mr. Cass,] in his able and eloquent manner, often
called the attention of the Senate to the necessity
of such a law. Accidents that were appalling in
their character, and which seemed to startle us
even here in our places, were presented as induce-
ments to prompt, efficient, and faithful action.
The Committee on Commerce did act, and re-
ported a bill calculated to provide for the safety of
human life, which received the sanction of a ma-
jority of both Houses of Congress. Now, sir,
comes the very period of time when we are to say
whether, as legislators, we will carry out the pro-
visions of that or some other good law, or whether
those who are directly interested, as owners of
these boats, are to come here and drive us from
our propriety. That is the true issue; and it is the
issue which is to be met and settled here. Why,
sir, read the memorials that have been presented
here at this session. They go to the destruction of
this law, and not to its postponement. I concur
in every word that has fallen from the Senator
from Texas; and if we are to have a law which
is to be effective, we should hold on to the main
features of this until it shall be fairly tried. With-
in the period which will elapse between this and
the first of June, I have no doubt, if the owners
shall be as desirous to comply with this law as the
community have ajustrightto demand, there will
not be the least trouble in the world in complying
with it.
Mr. PEARCE. Mr. President, the proposi-
tion submitted by the Senator from Massachusetts
is undoubtedly very much calculated to soften
what may be called the harsher features of this
law. I should myrffelf have been disposed to ac-
quiesce entirely in this measure of his, as a suffi-
cient relief to the parties interested; but I have
been solicited by many of them, who urged it
very strongly, to ask that the extension of time
which he has agreed to grant, shall be made still
longer. They represent a variety of difficulties;
difficulties, they say, in changing the equipments
and construction of their boats, as required by
law; difficulties in procuring these metallic life-
boats, though that seems to be obviated by the
proposition contained in this joint resolution.
Another difficulty they mention is, in regard to
the fusible alloy which they were required by the
law to procure. They say no such alloy has ever
been perfected, and they cannot get any alloy
which will melt only at a certain heat. It is ne-
cessary to have mercury, and the mercury easily
oxidates, and the alloy will sometimes melt at a
heat thirty-eight degrees less than at other times
under equal circumstances, so far as can be ascer-
tained. They suggest a variety of circumstances
of this sort why the operation of the bill should be
postponed for a longer time. I do not profess to
be competent to judge of all these subjects, but
the representations are made to me from sources
so strong, that 1 am inclined to move an extension
of the time; but before I do so, I would ask the
honorable Senator from Massachusetts to extend
the period somewhat longer.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I did not intend
to say a word about the subject, and I do not in-
tend to say many words now. I am bound, how-
ever, to say this much: After having read with
some attention the memorials which have been
presented, I think this subject has not been fairly
. treated by the memorialists. I think they raise
very many captious and unfounded objections to
the law—objections evincing a spirit of hypercrit-
icism. They have spent whole pages in showing
that a better provision might be made in regard to
life-preservers, and they have spent like force in
regard to fusible alloy, and a great deal of reason-
ing about points of that sort which are not very
material, after all, since these are by no means the
important features of the law.
Now, Bir, as regards preparation: when you
come to look at the character of the law, and see
what is required, you will perceive at once that
three months is ample time for the preparation
required. In the first place, they are to put in the
pumps required. That is a very small job, be-
cause the pumps are ready made at their hands;
and suppose a vessel should be taken up for that
purpose, still it would be but a short job. They
are to furnish life-preservers and axes, and they
are to put theirvessels in other respects in thecon-
dition required by law, which ordinarily will re-
quire no material derangement of the present state
of things. The inspection of boilers, their power
and their capacity; the measure of steam that is
to be carried—these are ail considerations quite in-
dependent of the preparation. There are, I am
informed, vessels which have not got ready. I
am very much inclined to think that it is their
fault; but, on the other hand, I am not disposed
to make this a harsh measure. I wish for the con-
currence and the aid oftheowners themselves, for
these are the owners wno come here, and not the
people who make these representations. I am dis-
posed to think that it is the best policy to give this
discretional power to the inspectors, that they may
extend the time not beyond the 1st of June. That
is the proposition contained in the joint resolution
under consideration. That will, it seems to me,
impose no hardship whatever upon them.
A number of these owners have come here and
asked to have the operation of the law postponed
until December next. What is the object of that?
Is it not to come here and agitate that question at
j the next session of Congress? It is perfectly
| evident on the face of it that they, wish to stop the
; action of the law. They wish to stop its going
into effect until Congress assembles again that they
may again agitate the subject. I will agree to no
such proposition as that; but if my friend from
Maryland thinks in sober seriousness that three
months is not enough, let him propose an exten-
sion to the 1st of July; and that is the ultimate
limit to which I am willing to go.
Now in regard to this alloy, allow me to ask
my friend from Maryland not to stir that subject.
In justice to myself, I will say that I never had
any confidence in this fusible alloy. I stated to
the Senate, upon a former occasion, (hat the
French, after experimenting upon it a great many
years, had abandoned the fusible alloy; that the
English had condemned it; but there were gentle-
men on the western waters who had great con-
fidence, after great experience in it, and who in-
sisted, or whose representatives insisted upon it,
that it should be put in as security. That was
yielded, and the provision went into the bill. I
understand that the Government has now em-
ployed suitable persons to manufacture the fusible
alloy at the navy-yards, and that it will be fur-
nished in sufficient quantities for the purposes of
this law. I wish all this postponed until there has
been some experience on the subject. If it shall
turn out after all that the alloy has any value in it,
we can hold on to it; but if it turns out otherwise,
we can abandon it. The manufacture of it is now
going on, and I think it is very well to allow a
little time to enable them to get it. They have, I
believe, resorted to every objection which ingenu-
ity could raise in regard to the law to obtain a
postponement of it. I thought I could not pursue
a better policy than to yield to it as far as this
resolution goes. I hope that that will be done.
Mr. BORLAND. I agree fully in all the views
expressed by the Senator from Texas just now,
and in those of the Senator from Massachusetts,
and if I have any doubt at all, it is as to the pro-
priety of allowing any extension. My difficulty
is not that which the Senator from Michigan and
the Senator from Maryland seem to suppose, that
there is not time enough, but that there is too
much time allowed. I was a little surprised to
hear the Senator from Maryland speak of this res-
olution as softening the harshness of the original
bill. Sir, I contend that there is no harshness in
the original bill. I suppose that there is a barrier
erected by it between the narrow selfish interest
of capitalists engaged in steamboating and the
security of the lives of the men, women, and chil-
dren who are compelled to travel on steamboats.
If that be harshness, the bill is harsh—not other-
wise. If I had my own choice I would not grant
one hour's extension; but I defer more to the judg-
ment of the Senator from Massachusetts than to
any one else upon this subject, because I know
that for the last year or two he has devoted him-
self to it with a fidelity, an earnestness, and an
energy which I have never seen equaled in the
legislation of this body; and which, as the Sena-
tor from Texas well said, reflects the highest
credit upon his head and upon his heart, and for
which 1, as one of the representatives of the val-
ley of the Mississippi, tender him the gratitude of
the people of the whole of that vast region of the
country.
I repeat, that if I had followed my own opin-
ions on the subject, I should be against any ex-
tension whatever, but the respect which I have
for the opinions and the judgment of the honorable
Senator from Massachusetts in .this matter, in-
duce me to go for this extension to the 1st of
June, as I understand that he recommends it; and
for no other reason. I have had doubts about the
policy of extending it at all, but I yield those
doubts to his better judgment.
Mr. DAVIS. I wish to state one thing in jus-
tice'to myself, and it is this: It was necessary, in
order to carry this law into effect, that the Govern-
ment should provide the instruments necessary to
test the boilers, and it undertook also to make the
fusible alloy. The Government has omitted to do
that seasonably, so as to enable them to test these
boilers as soon as the law went into effect—on the
1st of January. It is enough to say this omission
occurred; as I do not know exactly the reason for
it, but as far as that goes, it is a justification of
this application, and sustains the allegation that
they could not get ready. Putting these things
together, my opinion is that it is best to extend the
time until the 1st of June.
Mr. BORLAND. I could not, in the noise
which was in the Chamber at the time of the reed-
ing of the resolution, understand it distinctly in
all its parts; but I understand that it suspends the
operation of the law in the particulars which he has
mentioned, but it does not exempt the owners of
steamboats from the operation of the law in all
those points in regard to which they have been
able to make preparation.
Mr. DAVIS. The effect of the joint resolution
is this, and I will state it distinctly to the honor-
able gentleman and to the Senate: Early in Janu-
ary we passed a joint resolution authorizing in-
spectors, when boats were not prepared without
fault on the part of their owners, to extend the time
of preparation not beyond sixty days. Now it
is proposed to give the same power to each in-
spector in case the owner of a boat is not prepared
to conform to this law; and if the inspector thinks
that want of preparation is without fault on the
part of the owners of the boat, he will allow them
time until the first of June, or so much as is ne-
cessary, to prepare.
There is another difficulty which has arisen.
The law which we passed required that boiler
iron should be stamped by the manufacturers, and
that none other should be used in the manufacture
of boilers after the passage of the act. I believe
it is only a few days since the Secretary of the
Treasury issued his order directing how these
stamps should be made. There is, then, in the
resolution a provision which authorizes the in-
spectors to accept boilers made of iron not stamped,
provided it appears that stamped iron could not
be obtained. I suppose there will be many boilers
in that situation, and there ought to be relief in
that particular.
Then there is this additional clause. It has been
discovered that there is a difficulty in obtaining
metallic life-boats. It seems that they are not so
plentiful in the market as to be obtained readily.
There is, then, this provision in regard to the life-
boats required to be made of metal: that when
such a boat cannot be obtained seasonably, or
when it cannot be obtained on reasonable terms to
the owners, or where the navigation is such as to
make such a boat unsuitable, a power is given to
the inspectors to dispense with it, and substitute
another in lieu of it.
Then there is a further provision, that when ex-
cursions are made, what are called excursion
parties, which are common, I believe, in every
part of the country, if the excursion does not ex-
tend beyond thirty miles, the inspector may, if he
thinks it safe and discreet so to do, dispense with
the number of the life-preservers required for each
passenger, to such an extent as he thinks fit, and
also to dispense with the registering of the pas-
sengers in such case.
