1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
763
Mr. BORLAND. At this point the Seaator
will permit me to call bis attention to one fact:
thai in theat very recursions of which he speaks,
1 think the records of steamboat accidents will
show a far gretitr proportion of Urea loat than in
any other service performed by steamboats. These
pleasure excursions are comparatively few; but
the number of accidents occurring upon them has
been startling. Nothing is more common than
that one of ihoae excursions should terminate dis-
astrously, and an immense omount of human life
is sacrificed in that way. 1 repeal that in propor-
tion to their number they are the moat dangerous
of si! trips that steamboats make.
Mr. DAVIS. There is one provision more in
the resolution; and when I have stated that, I shall
hare given an account of the whole of it. It is
said thai some of the inspectors are, or intend to
be, interested in patanta for life-preservers, life-
boats, and things of that sort. There is in the
resolution a provision tiiat such an interest, direct
or indirect, in a patented article required by this
law to be used in steamers, shall be a disqualifica-
tion for the office. That ia the whole of the reso-
lution, and if that provision in regard to excursions
be deemed objectionable, I shall not insist upon it.
Mr. BORLAND. 1 should like to see it aurick-
eo out.
Mr. PEARCE. It was very far from my pur-
pose, aa the Senate might suppose from the re-
marks which fell from the Senator from Arkansas,
to throw any censure on the committee which
reported the law of the last session. When I
spoke of what I considered its harsher features, I
certainly did no more than express the opinion of
those interested in steamboats. Certainly some
of the provisions of that Ipw are more stringent
than others, and are more inconvenient upon
stesmboal owners; snd these I characterized aa
the harsher features of the measure,and said that
they were softened very moch by the resolution
now introduced by the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts.
The loss of life on some parts of oar western
waters I know has been very great, but there are
other parts of the country where such a thing as a
steamboat accident is hardly ever heard of. An
explosion of steam-boilers has never been known
on the Chesapeake bay from the earliest period,
except in two instances, one of which occurred
more than thirty years ago, and the other upon
the trial trip of a steamer, when, for the purpose
of obtaining extraordinary speed, the steam was
FX up to an improper height, and the boiler burst,
believe, on the second revolution of the wheels.
Mr. PRATT. Before she started ?
Mr. PEARCE. Yea, sir. With these excep-
tions no expiosioa has ever happened in Chesa-
peake bay; and except these two instances of burn-
ing the boats, which this law cannot remedy, prob-
ably no accident ever occurred in those waters.
Now, sir, the Senator from Massachusetts
thinks that the object of the proprietors of steam-
boats, who have been memorializing Congress, ia
to defer the operation of the law until the next ses-
sion of Congress, that they may have an opportu-
nity of agitating the subject and preventing it ever
going into operation. I am very free to admit that
unless Congress intend to repudiate their own le-
gislation, it is not desirable to extend the period at
which the law should go into operation as far as
the next session of Congress. I confess that 1
doubt the propriety of doing that; but if we were
to extend the period within which the law should
go into operation, until such time as to leave two
or three months before the next meeting of Con-
gress, during which we could see its operation, it
seems to me that we should, at all events, avoid
that objection which the Senator from Massachu-
setts makes.
It cannot be denied that this is a very delicate
and a very difficult subject. Whoever glances at
the law of the last session—a bill of fourteen pages,
as closely printed upon our statute-books—who-
ever looks at it will see that ita provisions are ex-
tremely numerous. They are very complicated,
and the minuteness of their details will satisfy any
one who examines it, that it is a very difficult sub-
ject to legislate upon; and it is extremely doubtful
whether that law, in all its particulars—well con-
sidered as it has been, and by a gentleman of great
ability and especial information on this subject—
will work as perfectly and as easily as it ought
to work. I am therefore inclined to make the
motion, which I shall make before I sit down, that
we strike out "June," and insert " October."
That will leave two months for the operation of
the bill before the next meeting of Congress. It
will disappoint the hope of the proprietors, if they
really entertain it, of defeating the bill altogether;
and will enable Congress, at the next session, if
there be faults in thepraeucal working of the law,
to know what they are, and apply the proper rem-
edies. I therefore move to amend the joint reso-
lution by striking out " June,"and inserting " Oc-
tober."
Mr. WALKER. For one, I hope the amend-
ment will not be adopted. It will be perceived by
the Senate that it will leave the next season of
navigation, and in the North particularly, subject
to the old regulations on the subject; and besides,
it will leave the system to be tested, as spoken of
by the Senator from Maryland, for that remain-
ing portion of the navigable season only during
which a fair teat of it cannot be made. I think it
would be much better to test that law through the
prior portions of the season for navigation, par-
ticularly upon the lakes. The navigation upon
the lakes closes, to s great extent, by the first of
November; and therefore there will be, under this
amendment, but four weeks after the commence-
ment of the operation of the law, to test its prac-
tical effect. It cannot be tested, even in the esti-
mation of the owners or the navigators of boats
in this time. I hope, therefore, that the amend-
ment will not be agreed to.
1 sympathize greatly with the Senator from Ar-
t kansas, and 1 think, with him, that if there be
* any objection to the proposition of the Senator
from Massachusetts at all, it is that it postpones
the operation of the act of the last session. 1 be-
lieve the proprietors of steamboats might have put
themselves in a fit state of preparation to comply
with its provisions. It seems to me that they
might have employed this winter in doing so. if
they were restricted to purchasing life-ooats or
life-preservers of particular monopoliats, that is a
misfortune; and now it was imposed upon the
Senate and the country I do not know, but I
should like to know. But this resolution relieves
them from that burden. It throws the matter
open, if 1 understand it, to the owners of boats to
purchase their life-preservers and their life-boats
wherever they may be able to get them of a prop-
er and safe kind. With this laxity given to the
former law, it seems to me that it is sufficient;
but while I agree in the proposition of the Sena-
tor from Massachusetts, I must emphatically re-
ject any postponement of it to the time mentioned
by the Senator from Maryland.
Mr. PRATT. Mr President, the great diffi-
culty, ss it seems to me, in proper legislation upon
this subject, ia the extent of water or territory
■ over which oar tew is to operate, and the extent
of the interest upon which it ia proposed to have
effect. The facta detailed by my colleague, mani-
festly show to the Senate that the law is of no
consequence to the people who are interested in the
steamboat navigation of the Chesapeake Bay ar^
its tributaries. They do not feel the necessity
which is felt by those interested in that descrip-
tion of navigation upon the western waters, for
this legislation. In thirty years, as my colleague
has said, there have been but two accidents of this
kind occurring there. There has been, in fact,
less loss of human life by this mode of travel than
by any other mode, as far as the State which my
colleague and myself represent on this floor is
concerned. Why, then,should the peopleamong
us, owning this vast interest, be incommoded, in-
jured, and restricted by a bill which is of no use
to our own people, and when they do not desire
, it? It is necessary, I conceive, to those who are
interested in this description of navigation upon
the western waters, and I am willing that you
shall pass any bill which the representatives from
that quarter desire; but such bill is not asked for
by the people of Maryland. So far as I am
aware, it is not asked for by the people of Penn-
sylvania. Why, therefore, are you to impose un-
. necessary restrictions upon the business of steam
navigation within the limits of the States whose
people are not interested in it—whose people do
; not desire it, when the results existing from the
i time of its commencement to the present period
; show that no necessity of the kind exists? Ihope,
[Lat any rate, it will be conceded to us to have an
liamendment placed upon the bill allowing the 1st
of October, instead of the 1st of June, aa the time
for allowing the law to jjo into operation. 1 would
prefer that the State which my colleague and my-
self represent should be exempted from the oper-
ation of this bill; but as that will not be accorded
to us, I ask, at any rate, that you will allow this
great interest to have until the 1st of October, for
the purpose of making the preparations which the
law requires.
Mr. BADGER. I shall be very reluctant to
see the amendment moved by my friend from
Maryland made to this bill. I am not disposed
to vote for any resolution extending the time at
all. Bat with the deference that 1 think is due on
such a subject to the recommendation of the hon-
orable Senator from Massachusetts, I am disposed
to yield to his suggestion; but beyond that, in my
judgment, we ought not to go one day nor one hour.
1 think my friend from Massachusetts has been ex-
ceedingly liberal in allowing three months more of
unlimited powe for the destruction of human life;
and I think it is as fair a division as could be
made for us to say, Whereas we have heretofore
left the waters of the United States subject entirely
to the proceedings of the directors anil managers
and owners of steamboats, who are obliged to con-
sider nothing but their own interests; from and
after the 1st day of June next, the lives and the
happiness of passengers shall be subject to be con-
sidered also as worthy of protection on the part of
the Government. Now, sir, if it were possible to
do it without surrendering the whole system; if
it would not be odious to have one system prevail-
ing in one part of the United States,and a illiferent
system in another part, I would freely yield to
the suggestion of my friend from Maryland to
strike out thatState from the operation of the bill.
But there are strong and overwhelming objections,
as 1 think, to having one system upon the subject
in one part of the United States, and a different
system in another part. Consequently, if there
be, aa my friend says, no need of the provisions of
this law in Maryland, nevertheless the steamboat
owners should subject themselves to the inconve-
nience of doing what, if not necessary there, is
necessary on the western waters and upon the
lakes. I hope we shall not extend the time one
hour beyond that mentioned in the resolution of
the Senator from Massachusetts.
Mr. BORLAN D. The Senator from Maryland
[Mr. Pearce] proposes to extend this time till the
1st of October, ana he seems to make as the basis
of his proposition, the fact that no accident of
, this kind has happened within the limits of hw
' State.
i Mr. PEARCE. The Senator will allow me to
1 say that he is entirely mistaken. 1 did not make
that fact the basis of my argument. I mentioned
it incidentally, in reply to what fcad been said by
the Senator from Texas and the Senator from
Arkansas, in reference to the great waste of life
on the western steamboats.
Mr. BORLAND. Then "the Senator seemed to
apprehend that no dangerous consequences would
result from the extension of this time, and that
seemed to be the basisof his proposition, for I could
see no other application which it could have to the
case. He said that his State had been exempt from
those accidents, and from that he inferred thatacci-
dents were not liable to happen. Ifthatbethe fact
—and the two Senators from Maryland seem to be
sure that it is so, and that there is perfect safety
in this matter so far as their State is concerned—
I would suggest, that in connection with the mo-
tion to substitute "October" for "June," they
restrict it so as to apply to the State of Maryland.
If those Senators and their constituents feel safe,
no one else ought to object; but I do protest, in
the name of my constituents and the people of
the great valley of the Mississippi, where those
accidents do occur, and where we believe the pro-
visions of the law are necessary to prevent them,
that there shall be no further extension than that
proposed by the Senator from Massachusetts.
Mr. President, the owners of steamboats seem
to complain of this bill as operating harshly upon
them. I received an answer to that from a most
intelligent and worthy steamboat captain in my
country, this fall, as I was coming from my home
to this city, which struck me with great force. I
met him at the mouth of the Arkansas river, where
he was fitting his boat for trade. _ Having great
confidence in his judgment and his moral worth,
I appealed to him to know what hi* opinion was,
