766
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 22,
could arrive at a selection of any route, was by
the plan adopted by the committee, especially after
they had reported on referring this question to the
President of the United States. Tome, independent
of that opinion, a northern or a southern route
are as nearly equal as maybe. You may make
a route across this continent wherever you please,
there will be but two termini of that road—one in
the east, at New York, and the other on the west,
at San Francisco. And whether it goes across
the continent, by the way of Whitney's route, or
the Texas route, or even the Tehuantepec route,
the two terminations will be at San Francisco and
New York. It is for this reason that I have been
satisfied not to raise the question about the location
of the road.
I am satisfied of another thing, that when the
road is made 
Mr. BUTLER. Will the Senator allow me to
ask him a question?
Mr. SEWARD. Certainly. ,
Mr. BUTLER. The Senator says he knows
the road will go to New York. 1 suppose he
means indirectly; or does he mean that it will go
there directly, by any route?
Mr. SEWARD. I say it will go there because
commerce will fix that termination.
Mr. BUTLER. Can the Senator tell me what
is the amount of capital subscribed in New York
already ?
Mr. SEWARD. I do not know. But one
thing I do know, the capital is in New York
which must make all the roads, and the capital
will not be expended on a route which is not
practicable or profitable or useful.
I have one word more. If the road is laid in
the right place, that road will stand as the road;
but if it is laid in the wrong place, new parties and
new corporators will begin another, and will con-
struct it upon a better and shorter route, before
this road is completed. It is idle to suppose that
one road across this continent is to answer the :
purposes of trade and communication perpetually,
or for any long time. The Erie canal does the i
work of fourteen double-track railroads. And if |
the Erie canal does the work of fourteen double- I
track railroads, any man can see that one double- |
track railroad across this continent will not ac- j
complish the business of this continent and of I
Asia. I have these remarks to make with regard
to the route. !
The amendment which I have submitted I have
submitted in a spirit and with a disposition to
bring about a compromise between parties having
different constitutional opinions in this Chamber.
For myself, I need not say that I have no doubt
about the constitutional power of Congress to
make this road through the States, with land or
without land, with money or without money, or
with land and money both. And I have no fears
for State rights with regard to it. I remember
that New York applied to Congress to make the j
Erie canal, and that Congress refused to do so. ,
Now, there are upon this floor, gentlemen of two !
classes of opinion; one who say that Congress
cannot make the road within a State by appropri-
ating money to be expended in a State for that
purpose; another, who maintain the contrary.
But, 1 believethere is nodifferenceofopinion upon
the proposition that Congress can contract with
parties to carry the mails through a State, and can
make contracts for that purpose which will serve
to bring into use postal roads. The amendment
which I have submitted, proposes as an encour-
agement for making the road in the States, that
the Postmaster General shall be authorized to
contract for the transportation of the mails uDon
the railroad to be constructed, for a term of fifty
years, which is the term contemplated in the bill
for the use of the road and its branches, for the
sum of $600 a year per mile. That is something
more than is now paid. AVenow pay an average
of $300 per mile, per annum, for carrying the
mail, and every one can see, that within a period
of fifty years the postal business will be increased
to such an extent, that^double the sum now paid
will not be at all disproportionate to the service to
be rendered. [ am one of those who will support
this bill out and out, and through and through
and in whatever form it may come from the hands
of a majority of the Senate. But, at the same
time, I am of the same opinion with the chairman
of the committee, that this road will not be con-
structed under this bill in the condition in which
j' it now stands before the Senate without amend-
j merit, for this simple reason: that you will devolve
upon the company the necessity of constructing
the road through deserts and mountains unin-
habited, and will confer upon the States, or other
. parties, the making of the road through the
civilized and inhabited portions of the country
which are able to support the road. I agree with
those who say, that if we are to make the road,
the way to do it is to begin at the extremity near-
est the Atlantic border and make it from the civil-
ized and inhabited portion of the country, through
the desert.
Mr. HUNTER. I wish to test the question,
i whether it can be necessary to debate this question
j any further. It has been said that the bill as it
| now stands cannot receive the assent of a majority
of the Senate. If so, it is manifestly a waste of
time to discuss it any further. For the purpose of
making- it a test question, I will now move to lay
the bill on the table, and I call for the yeas and
navs.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and being
taken, resulted—yeas 24, nays 30; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Bayard, Bradbury, Bright,
Brodhead, Brooke, Butler, Charlton, Chase,Cooper, Daw-
son, De riaussure, Fitzpatnck, Hamlin, Hunter, Mallory,
Mason, Morton, Pearce, Petut, Phelps, Pratt, Soule, and
Walker—24.
NAYS—Messrs. Badger, Bell, Borland, Cass, Clarke,
| Davis, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Douglas,
Downs, Felch, Foot, Ueyer, Gwin, Houston, James, Jones
of Iowa, Jones of Tennessee, Manguin, Miller, Rusk, Se-
bastian, Seward, Shields, Smith, Spruance, Sumner,
Toucey, Wade, and Weller—30.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) The question now recurs on the
amendment proposed by the Senator from New
York.
1 Mr. RUSK. I desire to say a word upon that
amendment, [t is this: As the bill now stands,
! you pay nothing but the land for the construction
of the road so far as it goes in the States, and
! there is a requirement in the bill that the mails
I and the troops and munitions of war, &c., shall be
carried free of charge. I think that is inconsistent
| myself; but what the friends ofthispeculiaramend-
i ment may desire, I do not know. The proposi-
I tion is eminently just and proper in itself. You
pay now $300 per mile annually for the transpor-
tation of the mails upon the first class railroads
within the settlements, where they are built much
cheaper. You pay also a million of dollars now
for the transportation of a semi-monthly mail
from this side of the continent to California. The
amendment of the Senator from New York con-
templates a daily mail, and proposes $600 per
mile per annum as the compensation. This sum—
as the whole length of the road is said to be two
thousand miles—will make the amount for the
whole distance $1,200,000, or only $200,000 more
than is now paid for carrying a semi-monthly
mail; and you will have a daily mail in the layer
case.
Mr. GWIN. I hope this amendment will
pass. This is the only ray of hope now resting
upon this bill which gives any chance for us to
get persons to contract for making the road in the
States. This compensation, in addition to the
lands granted, will be an inducement—such an ;n-
ducement that I believe contractors will be ready
to build the road for it. I want the road to be
made; and I want it to commence in California as
well as on the Mississippi river. As the bill now
stands, you can get no contractors who will build
the road, unless they build it through the Terri-
tories to California; and we shall have to wait in
California until the road is completed through the
Territories. We want them to begin at San Fran-
cisco on the west, and build from that point also.
This proposition, I think, will enable us to build
the road, and therefore I hope it may be adopted.
Mr. WALKER. My mind has not come to
the same conclusion with the Senator from Cali-
fornia. I have not, it is true, had much time
since this proposition was submitted, to reflect
upon it; but it occurs to me that it would be em-
inently unjust. What does the bill propose to
do, suppose the amendment shall be ingrafted
upon it? It proposes to give all that the Govern-
ment ever has assumed to give to either of the
other States in lands, in the first instance; and
then to form a connection between the States,
across the Territories, it proposes to give double
that quantity of land; and then in addition, it is
proposed to give $20,000,000 in money. Thus,
to enable the company to make the road across
the Territories, connecting with the States, and
in the States, it proposes to give, what has been
heretofore given to other States, alternate sections,
for making roads. And now it is proposed to add
an amount for carrying the mails, by imposing
the necessity of a contract for that purpose, which
in fifty years at the very least calculation, cannot
be less than $30,000,000 more. Now, upon what
ground is this asked? It is contended that the
amendment which was adopted yesterday, confin-
ing the expenditure under the appropriation of
money, to the Territories, will render it an enter-
prise of a character in which no company will
engage. In other words, that the character and
provisions of the bill, as it will stand with the
present provision, is such that no company will
tuke the contract. Now, why is it so? This is
said to be the greatest railroad project ever con-
templated; and I believe it is. It is claimed that
it will be immensely profitable. 1 believe it will.
Why, then, the necessity of doing so much more
for it than was ever done by the Government for
any other railroad? I can see no reason.
But how can it possibly be claimed that the
amendment of the Senator from California [Mr.
Weller] can have the effect which is attributed
to it? It is said that, as this money which is
appropriated cannot be expended in the States,
a company cannot be found who will contract
to construct the road. Why > If I understand
the matter, this bonus is proposed by the Gov-
ernment as an entire thins, to be appropriated
upon the entire road. Now, if the company con-
tracts with the design of making the entire road,
does it makeany difference when they are required
to expend the money, provided they can have the
same amount, and are only restricted in its appli-
cation to a particular portion of the route? For
instance—if, when they have made the road to the
frontier of Arkansas and come to the Territory,
they can reap the benefit of the bonus given, what
difference will it make with the contractors ? It
is only when they have reached the Territory that
they can reap any benefit, but when they have
reached the Territory they receive it. There will
then be a great motive to work up to the line of
the Territory in order that they may commence
reaping the benefit of the bonus. Ought not the
States to feel themselves interested in this provis-
ion of the bill? They might say to these con-
tractors, " For aught we know, you will never
complete the Pacific railroad. You may make
it, on the one hand, from the Mississippi to the
frontier of Arkansas on the eastern extremity, or
through the State of California on the western
extremity, and then say you will go no further
with it. What will the other States say? "We
wanted the link through theTerritories completed.'
What inducement is there to effect that, except
that given by the amendment of the Senator from
California? How, otherwise, will you induce
them to persevere through the Territories? By
the effect of this amendment, you see they will
have an inducement to get the road through to the
Pacific.
There is no reason to believe that without the
amendment adopted yesterday, this road would
ever be made one inch beyond the line of Arkansas
on the eastern extremity, or that of California on
the western; and then the great object for which
we are now laboring, and in which the country is
so much interested, and with regard to which the
Senate has exerted itself so much, would be defeat-
ed—the connecting of the Pacific ocean and the
Mississippi river; for, in my humble judgment, I
confidently anticipate that when the road is carried
to the frontier lines of Arkansas and California,
unless there is something to draw them on to com-
plete it, there they will leave the work. Where,
then, is the national character of the road ? You
are seduced into this matter because it is called a
national work; but when the company have reached
the lines of Arkansas and California, and in doing
it have exhausted the $20,000,000, there they will
stop, and the entire national character of Ihe work
will be gone. The work will be for the benefit of
the States and not the benefit of the nation. I look
upon the amendment of the Senator from California
as eminently patriotic in its character, and as being
based upon the true principle; I look upon it as being
eminently Democratic. We have had some lee-
