1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
767
turw hers upon the subject of Democracy. They
were riot palatable, anct I am not going: (° deliver
another. But I will my that we had a Conven-
tion in Baltimore last year, which laid down some
do<-tri e*. We had one m 1S48, we had one in
1S44. and we have had numerous conventions all
•peaking the same lan^uase. But here is a propo-
sition now to abandon the Democratic doctrine, that
which the Democratic party has said was its creed.
We are now proposing to give th«*e States this
•uoimoua bonus of $20,000,000 in Government
bonds in the first place, and then an additional sum
of $30,900,000 or more, for carrying the mails.
But it is said that the amendment of the Senator
from California sends the road north, and that it
cannot be made south. Can any gentleman, after
hearing the facts, tell me why that is so? By a
reference to the map I find this to be the fact: com-
puting by decrees upon a straight line, from the
west line of Arkansas to the east of Texas', by
the valley of the Canadian river, is one hundred
and eighty miles; through Texas this route is about
ninety miles; from the western line of Texas to
the eastern line of California is three hundred and
sixty miles. This makes the aggregate on the
route from Memphis of five hundred and forty
miles. That is in a straight line. We may rea-
sonably suppose that the distance in point of fact
will be at least six hundred miles of road in the
Territories. Upon that you have to transport
everything for the purpose of building the road—
the iron, the tools, and materials, the workmen
and their food. And will any gentleman tell me
that ia not a sufficient extent of country upon
which to expend these $20,000,000? Will any
gentleman say that it ia too little? It cannot be
so said. Then if it cannot be so said, if it is ad-
mitted there is territory enough there to exhaust
this appropriation, tell me why that route is not
as likely to be selected as any other> I cannot see
any reason why. This $30,000,000 is not given
to build a road in Arkansas and California, but to
build the road to the Pacific ocean; and I think it
was wise that a provision should be made so that
the money should be expended outside of those
States, and within the limits of the Territories;
for that is the only thing which seems to give a
national character to the bill.
But we beard it said yesterday that this bOI
was dead. And why? The honorable Senator
from Texas [Mr. Rtjsi] said it was, because this
provision was incorporated in it. Now, we learn
by that statement what the life of the bill was
deemed to be. We now have it indicated, so that
we may see what was thought to be the vitality of
the bill. If the exclusion of the expenditure of
this money in the States was the death of the bill,
its life was the provision which authorized the '
expenditure of the money in the States. If that ]
Was the life, hidden in that provision of the bill, I
by which money was given to be appropriated in 1
a State for the purpose of internal improvement,
we find that that principle was its life, and that its
death is the result of the application of the Demo-
cratic principle which has been at the foundation
of the creed of the Democratic party since its
formation with regard to internal improvements.
The declaration that the bill is dead, and the reve-
lation of the principle which caused its death, has
opened my eyes to the provisions of the bill. I
had hoped that the bill was about to be brought to
a shape in which I cotild vote for it. I intended
to do so, if possible. I hope yet to see it live, so
that I can do it. The amendment adopted on the
motion of the Senator from California yesterday
brought it to a great extent within the principle
which would enable me to give it my support.
But if we are to whip the Old Harry round the
stump to get an appropriation of $20,000,000 out of
the Federal Treasury, and then get out $30,000,000
more in the next (my years, it makes the bill far
worse than it was before. It cannot be sustained
on any principle whatever, in my opinion. If this
bill can pass making a direct appropriation of
$20,000,000 in money, besides the same amount
in land, and also providing for an expenditure of
at least $30,000,000 indirectly, by compelling Gov-
ernment to contract for the transportation of the
mails, and receive the sanction of the Constitu-
tion, then I will abandon all claims which have
been set up for the Constitution. And if it is de-
termined on that Congress has the power to do it,
directly or indirectly, then I am forced to concede
that the Constitution gives full jjower to make
! appropriations for internal improvements within
the States.
Mr. HUSK. The argument of the Senator
from Wisconsin ^Mr. Walker] would be con-
clusive if it had a bill to fit it. But, unfortunately,
if he rvads the bill over carefully, he will find that
he has been attacking a man of straw; he will find
«h^ bill does not correspond with the argument.
If it fitted it would be conclusive; but it ia an
imaginary one which he has assaulted. 1 am
living and learning; I am young yet, comparative-
ly, younger than many of my Democratic friends,
and I am yet leamingDemocratic principles, and
constitutional law. The Senator says, if I under-
stand him, that the amendment of the Senator
from New York puts the bill back pretty much in
the shape that it was in before—that it settles the
question with regard to internal improvements in
the States, and therefore, in his opinion, is un-
constitutional. The amendment of the Senator
from New York is nothing upon the face of the
earth but to authorize contracting for carrying the
mails, for which service you will give $600 per
mile per annum. You now give, everywhere, just
such authority by law.
Mr. SEWARD. And by contract.
Mr. RUSK. Yes, sir; and by contract. Pre-
cisely so; by law and by contract, which the Post-
master General is forced to make every year, to
carry the mail. And it now costs $300 per mile
to carry the mail on the first-class railroads; and I
venture to say that the roads have not cost one
fourth as much by the mile as this one which we
propose to construct. But it is a violation of the
Constitution, according to the gentleman's argu-
ment, to make a contract to carry the mail.
Mr. WALKER. If the gentleman will allow
me, I will take the benefit of what I do say. I
say that if the amendment of the Senator from
New York is designed to do indirectly what it
was first proposed to do directly—that is, to give
a great appropriation for the purpose of construct-
ing a railroad through or in a State, then it is a
violation of the Constitution. The Senator may
have the full benefit of that declaration. If I un-
derstand the proposition of the Senator from New
York, it is designed to take the place of the amend-
ment which excluded the appropriation of money
to be expended in the States, and to make it up
by a contract to carry the mails, and thus do in-
directly what was not to be done directly.
Mr. RUSK. The Senator from New York, I
take it for granted, designed what he says. He
j has put itdown in writing, so that nobody can mis-
understand it. He designs that the Postmaster
General shall make a contract to carry the mail
on this road for $600 per mile per annum. What-
ever he may design besides, 1 do not know. It :
may be he designs to hasten the millennium.
There is the language as plain aa the noss on a
man's face.
_ There is another design in it which may pos-
sibly be unconstitutional and possibly uneco-
nomical and perhaps undemocratic. That design
is as plainly expressed in the instrument as possi-
ble; which is, to get the mail carried to California
daily for $1,200,000 a year; so that, supposing
it runs through the whole road, we get it carried
to California for only $200,000 a year more than
is now expended to carry it semi-monthly. Now,
whether it is designed or not, it will have another
operation; and that is, i£ the road shall be built
with this encouragement, it will perhaps enable the
States to connect their roadswith the road through
the Territories. _ Probably .it will have another
effect; whether it is designed or not, it will have
an effect to repeal the tax which now exists by the
action of this Government upon every individual,
poor or rich, that goes to California, to the amount
of about $300; for I suppose that if the road is
built, a person can get to California for about $75.
It will nave the effect, if it succeed, as I have no
doubt the Senator from New York intended, to se-
cure the construction of the road at an early day,
if the contract is made. ]
But while I am on it, I mean to explain myself I
with regard to the point on which there seems to 1
be some misunderstanding between the Senator
from Californiaand myself. I expressed the opin- !
ion that the amendment of the Senator from Cali- J
fornia killed the bill—knocked its brains out. But'
1 am told that it is alive now, and kicking. I
" The times have been, |
That, wfesn the brains wers out, th« man would die."
But now we do not know when a man is dead, in
these days of" spiritual rappings;"and though I
have seen none of the performance myself, it is
i said that when the brains are out, the man is not
dead. He comes back, and knocks tirouml tables
and chairs and plays the very mischief. So this
bill, which was deaa yesterday, has come back and
cut awful capers about the Senate Chamber, and
caused great bursts of patriotism, which are seen in
the speeches all around the Senate; and it has even
had considerable effect on me. The spasmodic
effort of yesterday keeps up a galvanic action to-
day, and perhaps it may play its pranks here for
a day or two; but I think it will at last fall quietly
back again to the sleep of death. It will do it for
several reasons. In the first place, whatever bill
we may pass here now it will be impossible to get
through the House of Representatives. If this
galvanizing process had taken place yesterday in
the House of Representatives instead of the Sen-
ate, perhaps we,might have got the brains back
into it again. It is too late now.
But there is another objection to this patriotic
amendment. It is this: I have read a great (]fal
about monopolies in my Democratic reading. I
have been taught to go against monopolies. In the
bill which the committee, in their judgment, how-
ever poor it may be regarded by tome Senators,
the principles of a monopoly were carefully guard-
ed against, because the road is made a continuous
one from one end to the other. The bill gave
Congress the power to establish the rates to be
chained upon passengers and freight, with a lim-
itation that they should not go beyond a mark
which would leave to the contractors for the road
eight percent, on the investment—two or three per
cent, lower than is allowed to contractors for sim-
ilar roads in the best regulated States in the Union.
Congress was to have the control over it from the
beginning to the end. Now, it is disjointed. It
gives Congress the control over the road in the
Territories, but it must strike some States some-
where. Now, let us reason together for a moment.
How will it strike those States? I apprehend
that Arkansas will bid for it. I apprehend Mis-
souri will put in her claim for it. Iowa, too, I
presume, will make a claim, and perhaps Texas
also may come in on this end of the route. Cali-
fornia necessarily must be on the other side; and
Congress will have no control over it in the States.
Charters will be given to the companies in the
States by the State Legislatures, because when a
States undertakes to make an appropriation out
of her treasury for the purpose of doing the work,
the treasury will break down, and the road will
not be built. But a charter will likely be granted
to a company. The State will be under a sort of
duress in granting these privileges to companies.
Their anxiety for the benefit of theroad will make
the State yield to any demand which the company
may make for excluding a monopoly. Money will
not be wanting to construct the road, and individ-
uals will not be wanting to urge the necessity of
large powers to companies in order to secure so
great a boon to the State as the road would be, so
there will be likely to be a monopoly at each end of
the road. You throw off all jurisdiction over it.
You cannot regulate the charges that shall be
made on either end of theroad after it is completed.
They will charge whatever amount of freight they
choose. Congress have no control over it, and can-
not manage it at all. They will charge for every
man Who wants to go td California just as much
as they please, until he reaches the Territories.
Sir, we have just got emancipated from capital in
one shape. We have just got emancipated from
capital which has cost the sacrifice of thousands of
lives in steam vessels. We are not yet emanci-
pated from railroads. Every time you get on a
car it is'at the risk of having your brains dashed
out. We should have the control of this road;
but by the adoption of the amendment which has
been agreed to, you put the most odious monopoly
at each end of it.
Another idea has been suggested, and that is,
that it does not diminish the appropriation; that
there will be just as much money paid for the
road in the Territories as would have been in the
States and Territories. That seems to be the gen-
eral burden of the argument of the Senator from
California, [Mr. Weller,] and the Senator from
Illinois, and the Senator n-om Wisconsin. Let
us see how it will work. The work is to be let
out to the lowest bidder. Contracts are to be
