768
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 22.
made; the road is to be finished; and if the con-
tracts'are to be made by the mile, will as much
money be paid to run the road five hundred miles
as one thousand five hundred? Will there be
as much paid for a road of five hundred miles
through the Territories as for one of one thousand
five hundred miles? Certainly not. The road
should be made by the mile, and a pro rata payment
is to be made as each fifty miles is finished, accord-
ing to the provision of the bill. I have been
asked, and I am now asked again, suppose going
through the States exhausts it? Read the bill,
and you will see it cannot be done.
Mr. WALKER. What portion of it?
Mr. RUSK. Must I read it again? It is:
"That whenever fifty imitH of said road shall have been
completed, in a manner satisfactory to the President of the
United States, he shall cause a prorata payment to be
made" 
Is he to pay All the money at once? No, it is
to be pro rata. What does pro rata mean ? Cer-
tainly so much a mile, rating the amount finished
by the whole length of the road.
—'■ according to the terms of the contract for the work so
completed, in the bonds of the Government issued under
the provisions of this act, and by a grant of four filths of the
public lands to which the completion of the said fifty miles
may entitle said contractors," &.c.
A pro rata allowance on each fifty miles is to be
allowed 011 each fifty miles until the road is com-
pleted. One fifth of the land is reserved all the
way through as a sort of guarantee that they shall
go on, and when the road is completed, the re-
served one fifth is to be paid. If that is not plain,
I have not the command of language to make it
plain. If from the reading of the bill, gentlemen
come to the conclusion, by metaphysical argu-
ments, that the whole of the money could be spent
before reaching the Territories, 1 cannot under-
stand it.
Mr. BELL. I shall not follow the line of re-
mark of the Senator from Texas, but before the
question is taken upon the proposition which is
now before the Senate, I wish to submit a few ob-
servations, and to direct the attention of the Senate
to some results to which I do not think they have
turned their attention. At all events, if the Senate
do not care to direct their attention in that way, so
for as anything I can say upon the subject will
have effect, I trust the country will be made to un-
derstand the circumstances and the causes which
are likely to defeat this bill.
The proposition of the Senator from New York,
if adopted, may save the bill, and it may become
a law. By the amendment which was adopted on
Saturday evening, and persisted in yesterday, the
bill is left in a position that though it may pass,
thejoad cannot be constructed. No company, no
capitalists, no association of individuals, will un-
dertake to construct the road over the territory of
the United States, commencing on the western
boundary of any one of the States on the Missis-
sippi and terminating on the eastern border of the
State of California. And, sir, I undertake to state
that no such thing is possible or practicable within
the limits of any means that exist within the control
of any company, or any association of individu-
als that will be found in the United States.
Mr. SHIELDS. Will my honorable friend per-
mit me to submit a question to him ? Heis always
fair and candid, and I depend upon him to give his
conviction, whatever it is. Suppose a company
undertakes this work, and that it is, as he says,
necessary to go through a State, and that company
applies to the State, and obtains from the State
Legislature a right of way through that State,
would not that enable them to go on and complete
the road to the Pacific? And is there any reason
to suppose that the State would not grant such a
right of way ?
Mr. BELL. I will say to my honorable friend,
that if he has conceded to him all that belongs to
that proposition, and sufficent means were also
given to enable them to build the road within the
States, together with the usual privileges of the
right of way, &c., it would be practicable; and
the very idea upon which the bill—which it does
not seem to me that the Senator from Wisconsin
has read with attention—was framed, was, that
whatever company did undertake to build the
road, would have first, as a preliminary to their
undertaking, and before they could propose terms
to the President, to apply to the States, and
get an ample charter of privileges and rights in
exUnso, as great as it is proposed by the bill to
give to them in the Territories, before they could
move one foot ill the execution of the work. It
was upon this ground that the framers of the bill
supposed they were violating none of the princi-
ples—nay, sir, not even the prejudices—of the
liberal or moderate portion of what is called the
Democracy of this country. Whatever was pro-
posed by the bill to be done within the States;
whatever control or management of the road within
the States was intended by the bill, it was to be
by and with the assent and express authority of
the Legislatures of the States. My proposition is,
that until the road is first constructed in Califor-
nia, in which the western terminus must be located,
and either in Iowa or Wisconsin, or Missouri, or
Arkansas, or upper Louisiana, whichever of those
States may have within Us limits the eastern ter-
minus, or the means shall be provided for the con-
struction of it, there is 110 man in his senses who
would undertake to build the road in the Terri-
tories. I say it is a perfect absurdity; it is prepos-
terous to suppose that the road can be built in any
other way than commencing on the Mississippi
river, or some navigable stream running into it on
the east, and on the Pacific; for it is not practi-
cable within any reasonable amount of means, to
build a road over the great expanse of the inter-
mediate territory, without having the use of roads
leading through the States,and nobody will choose
to employ his means with such utter wastefulness,
and with so little prospect of profit, as to under-
take to build this road by commencing it on the
western boundary of any of the States on the right
bank of the Mississippi, and on the eastern bound-
ary of California.
I understand the proposition of my friend from
Illinois is, that the company that may undertake
to construct the road over the territory of the
United States, will go to the States in which the
termini are located and get a charter.
Mr. SHIELDS. According to the original bill,
the company must go to the State first, anyhow.
Is not that so ?
Mr. BELL. That is true.
Mr. SHIELDS. The company must get the
consent of the State from the Legislature of the
State. Now, according to my amendment the
same thing must occur, only that it gives absolute
power to the State.
Mr. BELL. It was intended and supposed to
be absolute in the original bill.
Mr. SHIELDS. Now, I want to know how
any fair man can say that that amendment killed
the bill so far as the States are concerned, because
in either case the company must go to.the State
and first get its consent, before it can touch one
inch of the land in the State.
Mr. BELL. 1 am perfectly willing to reply to
that proposition. The answer to the argument is,
that the contractors will not be able to make the
road through the States after they have got the
charter, without the grant of additional means.
The honorable Senator from Arkansas [Mr. Bor-
land] said the other day that there was land
enough in his State to build the road without
any money.. There is land enough if you will
give the whole of the public lands within the State
of Arkansas. Would the honorable Senator agree
to do that?
Mr. SHIELDS. As much as they need.
Mr. BELL. He would give as much as they
need. Why not then propose so to amend the
bill? But what I contend for is, that within the
States bordering on the west bank of the Missis-
sippi—1 do not say how it would be in other States,
old or new—within the limits ordinarily granted
in aid of the construction of railroads, the good
lands are already sold or taken up and-appropria-
ted to private uses, and have become private prop-
erty; nor within fifteen miles adjoining the line of
the road would there be foufia lands enough to
build the road.
The amendment of the Senator from Illinois is
to this effect: that any company of individuals or
contractors who propose to build the road, if it
should run through Missouri, Iowa, Wisconsin, or
Arkansas, wouldhaveto construct itbetween three
hundred and four hundred miles, with their own
means, with the aid only of the alternate sections
of the public lands within the ordinary limits of
six miles 011 each side of the road. Now, if the
Senator from Illinois means to be as candid as he
does me the credit to say I am, let him and other
honorable Senators who haye contributed to defeat
the bill, say that they are willing to give lands
enough, no matter where they lie, or within what
bounds they may be; for unless they do that, I say
they will have to build the road through whatever
States it may run with their own means, except
the refuse lands provided in the bill. They are
not, as the bill now stands, to receive one cent
from the Treasury until the road is completed
within the State or States through which it may
run, and it shall be advanced fifty miles into the
territory beyond the State limits.
The proposition of the Senator from New York
is but a just equivalent for the money that would
be required as an inducement and proper tempta-
tion to capitalists or private associations to come
forward and construct the road; and hence 1 main-
tain it is a reasonable proposition. I have made
a calculation, and it amounts about to the annual
interest upon such sum as was proposed to be
given to the contractors by the original bill, and
without it I do not see that there is any probabil-
ity that the work can go on. If honorable Sen-
ators could demonstrate that there is land enough
within six miles on either side of the road to con-
struct it, well. But there is another feature of the
amendment of the Senator from Illinois that makes
it unfair; I do not think it is entirely just, and I
appeal to the generous feelings and sense of justice
of my friend, upon that subject. The competi-
tion will not be fair in regard to the location of the
eastern terminus of the road. Arkansas will not
be able to make the road in her limits. There is
a road in process of construction in Missouri al-
ready. It is advanced over one hundred miles,
and it is said that private capital already sub-
scribed, with the aid of the land given by Con-
gress, will construct it to the western border of the
State. Here, then is a road inviting and implor-
ing the location of the general route to California,
so as to connect with this road in Missouri.
Well, I know my friend from Missouri [Mr. Gey-
er] might reply, " What would be the objection
to tying it on to the Missouri road?" None in
the world, if that be the proper and most suitable
route—the route which the great interests of the
country demand. If that should be the route on
which the defenses of the country require the con-
struction of the road—if the commerce of the
country, the emigration, the social intercourse be-
tween the two sides of the continent point it out
as the proper route, I should have no objection to
it. But suppose that, on further examination, it
shall not prove to be so—suppose it shall be the
opinion of the most eminent engineers who have
explored that country that it is not the most proper
route, taking into view the great interests of the
whole country, but that the proper route lies fur-
ther south—then, I say, the competition becomes
unequal and unjust. Here is a temptation to go
further north than, under other circumstances, ex-
pediency and a due regard to public interests would
dictate to the President or Congress. That is not
a fair or a proper temptation. It is calculated to
turn the balance very improperly ,it may be, against
the route which the great interests of the country
would require, and the route which would give
the quickest and cheapest and safest passage from
the valley of the Mississippi to California. The
most practicable route may lie south, and the ter-
minus should be south, to consult the general in-
terests of the country and provide for the public
defenses in the wisest and best manner. We can-
not make our road through Louisiana or Arkan-
sas; nor do I suppose they would be able to make
one through Wisconsin or Iowa, though it is pos-
sible they might; because it would connect the
railroad and communication on the line with the
lakes with New York. But I will not go into that.
I am appealing to the sense of justice and liberal-
ity of the honorable Senator from Illinois and
other gentlemen associated with him, who have
attached an amendment to the bill which is likely
to kill it.
I said I would call the attention of the Senate,
and if I could not get their attention drawn to the
important results of the movements made here
the other day, I would try to reach the country,
and let the people understand the mode and the
object of the defeat of this bill.
We all witnessed the hard pounding upon the
drum Democratic, continued from day to day
by certain Democratic Senators: the two distin-
guished Senators from Virginia following up the
vigorous, effective, and powerful onslaught of the
