770
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 22,
road and appropriations for river and harbor im- I
provements in a State? Is there to be a general I
reform or change in the doctrines and practice of >
the Democratic party ? Is that the idea ? There
is something, sir, in all this, so mysterious, so
strange to me, that I cannot avoid coming to the
conclusion that there is more understood between
honorable Senators—for they have more oppor-
tunities of understanding or arriving at a knowl-
edge of some points, than I have—than was
expressed on the floor. And the inferences which
I draw, which I think I am enabled to draw, and
■which I think the country will draw, or ought to
draw, from the course of honorable Senators on
the other side of the Chamber upon this question,
are not only that this bill cannot pass, not only
that we will not get any road to the Pacific author-
ized by law now, but that we cannot get one even
commenced during the next Administration. It
is not only an end of this great enterprise for the
present session, which might be imputed to many
causes, to a want of time, to a want of cooper-
ation on the part of the House of Representatives,
but the principle avowed by some honorable Sen-
ators, and so vehemently insisted upon, and the
change of ground so unexpected, of other Sena-
tors, lead me to suppose that no such road can be
commenced or prosecuted in the next four years.
The new position assumed by some honorable
Senators, has not only defeated the measure for
the present session, but my friend from Missouri
[Mr. Geyer] may console himself in the best way
he can with the idea that there will be no connec-
tion between any great Pacific railroad and his
favorite Missouri road under a Democratic Ad-
ministration, unless a majority shall be returned
here by the people who will not be found quite so
deferential to the exactions of those members of
the party who seek to exalt their individual ends
into essential articles of party faith—a majority
who will renounce and repudiate the doctrine that
this Government has no power to give its counte-
nance to the construction of a great national high-
way through a State by appropriating money from !
the Treasury, no matter how important, no matter
how essential to the public defense, to the public,
ami the public prosperity. But as things stand
now, I must repeat that it seems to me there is not
only no hope of this bill now, but none for the
road under the incoming Administration.
Mr. WALKER. The drift of the argument
of the honorable Senator, if I understand if, is
this : That this road will not and cannot be made I
through the States by the aid which it is proposed 1
by the bill, as amended on the motion of the Sen-
ator from California [Mr. Weller] yesterday, to I
give. Why can it not be made through the States
with the aid proposed ? Look, sir, nt other States
which have proposed to make railroads. Take the
State of Illinois, the State of Missouri, the State of
Iowa, or theStateof Wisconsin. They havepro-
jected, and are in process of constructing railroads.
Which of them has got any aid from the General
Government? For one road in Illinois the State
of Illinois has got aid. The State of Missouri
has got aid for two. But what kind of aid? Is
it $20,000,000 in the aggregate of national bonds,
drawing an interest of five per cent, per annum?
Was it a clear out and out donation of alternate
sections for six miles on each side of the road ?
No, sir; not at all. But when you made a grant
of land to those States to aid them in the con-
struction of their roads, you increased the price
of the reserved alternate sections to $2 50 an
acre, leaving the Government in the receipt of
just as much money as it would have got for
the whole. And, besides that, you imposed upon
the settlers in the country the payment of one
hundred per cent, more for the sections reserved
by the Government than they would otherwise
have been obliged to pay. Under these embarrass-
ments, the people of those States have felt not only
able, but willing to go on and construct roads.
What kind of roads were those which they pro-
posed to construct? Mere State works—local to
the State—in a great many instances, to accom-
modate the internal commercial interests of the
State.
Why has it been that those States can construct
roads with this kind of aid ? It was because
the roads would pay; and yet they were local and
State works. Here, however, is a great and mag-
nificent work to command the transit of the com-
merce of two continents, and the internal com-
merce of our own; yet it is claimed by the Senator
from Tennessee that the State of Arkansas, or
Missouri, or Texas, or Louisiana, or Iowa, can-
not and will not construct this road there by their
State authority, or by a company to be created by
them. Sir, what are gentlemen doing by this ar-
gument? They are declaring in trumpet tones to
the people of the United States and the world, that
, this road is not of sufficient importance to pay.
Mr. BELL. Will the honorable Senator allow
| me to ask him a question ? How would it be in
regard to California? Where would be the cap-
ital invested in the road from Memphis, for exam-
ple, three hundred miles to the western boundary
of Arkansas? Until ten or twenty years, not one
cent profit could be realized. The road would not
j be available until the connections westward should
be completed. Then let me ask him in regard to
California, where there are seven hundred miles of
this road to be constructed within the State line,
one hundred of which are completely desert region;
and the minerals cannot be taken; and where the
probability is that the lands along the route would
be taken up by old Mexican or Spanish grants.
Mr. WALKER. The Senator asks me how
is California to get along with the donation of
land, with seven hundred miles of road to make,
and one hundred miles of it through a desert re-
gion ? I answer him that if the railroad in Cali-
fornia costs more than anywhere else, it will pay a
higher rate, and when it is done the increased
charges that commerce will have to pay will equal-
ize the matter. If a railroad there costs $100,000,
which in another State could be made for $-.25,000,
the result will be that the freights and passage on
this road will be just four times as much as in the
State where it only costs $25,000. Thus thethmg
is equalized by the operations of commerce and
travel upon the road.
Mr. GW1N. I should like to ask the Senator
a question. There are three hundred thousand or
four hundred thousand inhabitants in California.
This road runs through an uninhabited country.
There are millions of people on this side of the
mountains, and only three hundred thousand or
four hundred thousand in California. How can
there be enough of travel and commerce from
these people to support the road in the manner he
supposes?
Mr. WALKER. There are by this time half
a million of people in Wisconsin. The Senate at
the last session passed a bill granting to that hum-
ble State—humble, sir, it would seem, only in the
estimation of members of Congress, but proud in
her own consciousness and in the estimation of I
the world and in real native resources—granting
to her alternate sections of land, and on what con-
ditions? That her settlers and citizens should pay
one hundred per cent, more for the sections re-
served to the Government; and that bill, besides,
imposed on her the task of transporting on the
roads, for the construction of which these lands
were granted, the military stores and the soldiers
of the United States, and the transportation of the
mails upon such terms as might be forced upon
her. That bill imposed all these burdens upon
Wisconsin, or her company which was to con-
struct the road. But even that poor and meager
favor could not be extended to her. It was
crushed in the House of Representatives, and,
sir, 1 must confess that it was crushed by the
action of oneof her own Representatives, unfaith-
fully representing that State. 11 was crushed by
an attempt to do—what? Not to discharge his duty
to the State, but to ingraft upon that bill an amend-
ment which required the construction, besides
these roads, of thirty thousand miles of other
roads in the United States. He did fail in that,
but there was an evident indisposition on the part
of Congress to giant even that poor favor to Wis-
consin.
But here the youngest and one of the most
brilliant sisters of the family of States comes in
and is not satisfied with this poor pittance with
which the other States were contented. She is of
golden opinions. She says the construction of
roads within her limits is immensely costly, and
that she must have superior favors for the purpose.
She must have not only alternate sections, but she
must have them without the price of the reserved
alternates being increased one hundred per cent.
She must, besides that, have from the Government
a bonus of $10,000 per mile, in five per cent, bonds,
to build roads within her limits; and if that can-
not be done, she is for requiring the Postmaster
General, when he contracts with a company to
construct the road, to pay from thirty to fifty mil-
lions in the course of fifty years. Is this equal-
ity ? Is this what is meant by that provision of
the Constitution which says that new States may
be admitted upon an equal footing with the ori-
ginal States? Why, sir, it is a mockery. It is a
mockery in the face of Wisconsin and of the other
States which have been treated in the manner
which 1 have described, when they cannot even
receive the poor pittance which I have mentioned.
It is asking too much from those who have been
thus crushingly dealt by, to do this. I cannot do
it. I cannot go for it.
But to come back to the point from whence I
was diverted by the questions which have been
asked. I repeat, if the argument of the Senator
from Tennessee be worth anything, it is proof
that the road through these States will not pay.
In our States, as I before remarked, we make
roads without any of these aids from the Govern-
ment. We make them because the commerce on
them pays; and we do it with little if any cost to
the Government. Yet here, the greatest railroad
in the world, which it is claimed is to receive upon
it the transitof the commerce of two continents and
[ the internal commerce of our own, is not of suffi-
| cient importance to warrant capitalists in under-
taking it; but that this enormous bonus must be
I given, which no other State can get. That, sir,
i is the best argument which could be made against
the road. I do not believe the argument. I be-
lievethe road can be made,and I believe itwill be
made, and all I ask is that the bill shall assume
and maintain throughout such a shape as will se-
cure the construction of that portion of it which
connects the two extremities of the Union, upon
the Pacific and upon the Atlantic.
As sure as you permit this company to expend
the money in California, in Arkansas, in Missouri,
in Iowa, in Louisiana, orin Texas,so sure will you
stop the road there. It will then result in being ail
Iowa, a Missouri, an Arkansas, a Louisiana, a
Texas road, and a California road. Now, if these
gentlemen are honest—and I believe they are, I
claim for them this attribute—they ought, with the
rest of us, to claim that this bill should be so framed
as to secure the construction of the intermediate
link between the western boundary of the Mis-
sissippi States and the eastern boundary of Cali-
fornia. The amendment of the Senator from Cali-
fornia [Mr. Weller] secures that, and nothing
else than that can secure it. Give the company,
I repeat, the power to spend the money in the
States, and as sure as we live and move and have
our being, when the road reaches the frontier of
those States, you will be left without the construc-
tion of anyroad across the Territories, what is
claimed to be a desert. Where, then, I ask, is
the national character of this road ? It is nowhere.
It cannot be found.
But you have by the means proposed in the bill
given that to California which you refused to
every other State of the Union. You give them a
clear gift of one half the lands and a proportion
of $20,000,000, or what is equivalent, an arbitrary
contract for carrying the mails, which amounts to
that or as much more. This is asking us to go
a little too far. I cannot, and I will not do it.
Mr. SHIELDS. I wish to make a few obser-
vations, and I shall try to make them as calmly as
possible, in reply to my friend from Texas. We
are^ charged with killing this bill. Now, I doubt
whether there is a member of the Senate who is
more desirous to see the road,constructed than I
am. My colleague has shown the same disposi-
tion. But I should like to see the honorable Sen-
ator attend to me in one particular. Here are
$20,000,000 proposed to be given for the construc-
tion of the whole road. The probable distance is
about three thousand miles.
Mr. BELL. Not so much as that; but the dis-
tance defends upon where you run it.
Mr. SH1 ELDS. Suppose it runs from the Mis-
sissippi river to San Francisco.
Mr. COOPER. Then it will be about three
thousand miles.
Mr. BELL. Two thousand fiv-e hundred.
Mr. SHIELDS. It will be nearly three thou-
sand miles, taking the detours. The company
that commences that road, we will say at St.
Louis, or at some other point on the Mississippi,
gets an equal ratio of the $20,000,000 for every
