774
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 22,
get nil the land and nil the money. It will require
more than twenty millions to construct it through
the Territories, and whv not expend it there? Can
anv good reason he assigned why it should not?
^ir, Senators upon the other side have argued
this question as if the bill had been eviscerated
bv a proposition requiring the express authority of
a State, before the road could be constructed within
its limits. \V hy, that question is left by the amend-
ment precisely where it was left by my friend
from Texas 111 the original bill. The bill as intro-
duced by hun required, " that before the said road
'shall be located or constructed through any State,
' the consent of the Legislature thereof to the pro-
1 visions contained in this act shall be first had and
'obtained." That is exactly where it stands now.
I have not changed it in that particular in the
slightest des;re . There is no further authority
required from the State L <rislature, under the
amendment, than there was under the original bill.
It is ♦eft where the committee placed it. TheState
Legislatures have now no more control over it
than they had under the original bill.
Why is it, therefore, that Senators say the bill
has been killed, and that all that remains for us is
to pay a decent respect to its memory, by bury-
ing its mangled remains? Why is it that after
this bill has, in my judgment, been much im-
proved, after it has been made more practical for
the construction of the road and the accomplish-
ment or" the object than it was before, should
those who have the bill in charge announce that
it is already dead > Why do they labor now to
produce this result? If Senators can sustain that
charge before the country; if they can demonstrate
by any act of mine the bill has been killed, 1 will
not shrink from the responsibility. I am not
afraid,as the Senator from Tennessee seemed to
intimate, to take the full responsibility which is
imposed upon me bv my position here, and by the
amendment which t submitted. As I said yes-
terday, no proposition, although it may be one
vitally important to that section of the Union
whence I come, can receive my sanction if it vio-
lates what I have always regarded as sacred in
principle. Sir,myopinions of the Constitution and
the principles which govern me do not depend
upon the latitude and longitude of the locality into
which I may be thrown.
Senators cannot expect me to recognize a prin-
ciple which I believe would lead to a system of
internal improvements of a local character within
the States calculated to bankrupt the Treasury,
and dis'urb the peace and tranquillity of the Union.
I am sure that my constituents will not ask me to
do violence to any principles which have always
been regarded by those with whom I am politi-
cally associated as essential to the perpetuity of
the Union.
Now, is the bill dead ? Mv friend from Texas,
who " is an honorable man,"says that it is. An
attempt was made to bury it this morning. Some
of those who have claimed to be the especial friends
of the bill joined in the effort. They failed. Now,
I ask my friend from Texas to stand by me and
sustain this bill, and I pledge what little reputation
I may have in this country, that there are plenty
of contractors who would be glad to take contracts
under it, not only for the construction of the road
in his State, if that should be selected as the most
desirable route, but for its construction from the
Mississippi valley to the Pacific ocean. If I were
a speculator, if I had any taste for engaging in that
sort of business, I should invest every dollar I had
in the world in a company organized under this
bill as it now stands. Whynot, therefore, try it?
\ ou get, at all events, a survey—you get the esti-
mates and bids; and if the bill be found to be an
impracticable one, you can, at the next session of
Congress, with all the information before you,
pass one that will be practicable. Is it not the
part of wisdom, therefore, even admitting what
the Senator says, (which I by no means admit,)
to adopt the bill as it now stands ? He thinks it
is impracticable to carry on the work with this
amendment; but even admitting that, will vou not
accomplish a vast deal of good by its passage?
Whatever amendment may be necessary hereafter,
the wisdom and experience of the legislative power
can put in.
Sir, the Senator from Tennessee [Mr. Bell]
need not have troubled himself about the differ-
ences of opinion which may exist on this side of
the Chamber as to the construction of the Con-
stitution. We can take care of our own matters.
We can settle any differences of opinion that may
exist among ourselves as to the Democratic creed;
and if we cannot, the Senator from Tennessee
would be one of the last gentlemen in the country
to whom we would appeal to determine it. I say,
therefore, that my friends on the Whig side of
this Chamber need not distress themselves on this
sub|ect. Whatever differences of opinion may
exist here we can heal without their friendly in-
terposition.
JUut allow me to say, that all 1 desired was that
the country should see that the amendment adopted
yesterday, which was represented as fatal to the
bill, was simply a proposition confining a portion
of the donation within a particular locality. That
is all. In other respects, the bill stands just as it
did yesterday. If I have succeeded in showing
that gentlemen who have been placed in charge of
this bill have abandoned it, and thus killed it with-
out sufficient cause, I have accomplished my ob-
ject. The country will ultimately determine who
were the real ft lends of the measure.
I know, and I admit that the Senator from
Texas has labored more assiduously than any
Senator on this lloor in the preparation of this
bill; I know that all his energies—and great they
are—have been devoted to accomplish this great
national work; and that section of the Union from
which 1 come owes him a deep debt of gratitude
for the friendly interest he has exhibited in it.
But I was sorry, that at the very moment when
his power and influence was particularly required,
he sawproper to denounce the measure as dead—
thus deserting us in the very hour of trial—at a
time when the adoption of a simple amendment,
which was designed to give life and vigor to the
bill by avoiding a constitutional difficulty, he
should have abandoned it, and declared that it was
mortally wounded, and that it remained for the
Senate but to inter it. I am sorry that he has been
turning the cold shoulder during the day, and has
not given me that support which was necessary
to secure the passage of the bill. If he denounces
it as impracticable, and therefore withholds his
support, it can scarcely be expected that it will
pass. If they have made up their minds to defeat
it, they certainly can accomplish it. On their heads
the responsibility must rest.
Mr. RUSK. Mr. President, the honorable
Senator from California has mistaken my course
to-day, if he supposes that I am supporting this
bill as amended with a cold shoulder. I shall vote,
on the yeas and nays, against the bill in its pres-
ent shape; I shall vote for getting rid of his amend-
ment, if I can see any opportunity. When I voted
this morning against laying the bill on the table, I
did it for the purpose of gmngthehonorable Sen-
ator and others who said it would build a road an
opportunity of demonstrating to the Senate and to
me, if possible, that the bill in its present shape
was efficient. My vote evinced my kindness to
him, and not any attachment to the bill in its pres-
ent shape. I know that the bill is dead. If the
original bill, which I believe was a vital instrument,
had been passed over from Saturday evening and
taken up to-day, I believe it would have been dead.
But I have stated that over and over again, and it
is not necessary for me now to repeat it.
There have been two lines of argument pursued
with regard to this amendment and with regard to
the committee. I want to tender my compliments
to the opponents of the committee on both sides.
The out-and-out opponents of the bill, who took
the bill by the horns at the beginning, said that it
was a very ingeniously-contrived bill; that it
showed matured reflection for the purpose of intro-
ducing a general system of internal improvements,
and violating the Democratic creed.* The amend-
ers of the bill, those who have come in and put it
in such a position that I must voteagainstit, have
paid the members of the committee the high com-
pliment of saying that they themselves did not
understand their own bill. The honorable Senator
from California says the bill came in lame, halt-
ing, deformed, and unfinished, until his master
hand got hold of it,and then it became perfect. I
am sorry to differ from my honorable friend in
this particular; but I cannot vote for the bill as it
now stands. I do not believe it will build the road.
I am sure that in its present " perfected" form it
will split up the road into three different pieces,
and perhaps four; and I cannot vote for such a
disjointed bill.
The honorable Senator from California pro-
poses to pledge me his reputation that if I will
vote for the bill and it passes, capitalists will come
up and build the road. 1 will not take the pledge.
1 cannot believe, notwithstanding that strong
pledge, that it will turn out so. I have a kind of
reasoning of my own upon the subject. It is
plain and blunt, but it satisfies me. It takes me
a good while to think. I cannot go off in a hurry.
I cannot see clear through a thing immediately. I
must hammer over it, and think of it for some
time; but when I do come to a conclusion, I gen-
erally believe that I am right. I do not want to
take the Senator's reputation, though he offers to
pledge it. He has a great deal of well-earned repu-
tation, and I trust in God he may have much
more.
There has been appeals on both sides of the
Chamber to the country about the subject. Sir, I
am not talking to the country. I have not been
working for applause. I have been working for
this railroad bill. I have no disposition to put
the honor of killing Cock Robin upon anybody.
Those who did it may divide the honor among
them.
When I first reported the bill, the clause in re-
lation to a corporation was the " rawhead and
bloody bones" that troubled the conscience of
some of my Democratic friends. I did not care
six snaps of my finger for the corporation, and in
fact I rather agreed to put it in, because I saw that
it would draw the enemy's fire; that it would
bring forward a great deal of patriotic thunder in
opposition to that feature of the bill. Well, sir,
in that I was right. We went on; thundering
licks were struck; the artillery roared, and the
small-arms crashed against the terrible corpora-
tion; and I should have voted to strike it out my-
self, but I thought that if I did so some of these
gentlemen would think they had frightened me off
the track, [laughter,] and so I voted in a very
small minority to keep it in, not, however, that I
cared a sixpence about it. That was about five or
six o'clock on Saturday evening, the last day on
which, as I repeatedly announced, the bill could
have any chance. We have now gone two days
beyond that time, and I do not think we can make
anything out of the bill. I am much obliged for
the compliment which some gentlemen pay to the
shallowness of my intellect, but that is not my
fault. I have as much as God gave me, no more;
and if I use that in the best way ! can, I hope
they will excuse me, and not constantly remind
me of what I regret as much they do.
After the corporation was stricken out, late on
Saturday evening, just before night, the first con-
stitutional scruples that I heard of were brought
forward against appropriating anv money in the
States. The idea started, and it rolled on with the
fury of a hurricane, and out went that provision
"of the bill by a majority of two votes. The hon-
orable Senator from California thinks that it
made the bill a perfect instrument; made it an in-
strument by which the road could be built. There
is a difference of opinion between us on this point.
If I thought so, 1 should vote for it. It will be
tolerably hard work for me to doit even then; but
I would trust to Providence. As the bill now is,
however, the road is divided up, and we have no
means of controlling the ends of it. It is to be
given by the States to railroad companies, who are
to do as they please. We have no means of say-
ing that passengers and freights shall pay only so
much; the power has gone out of our hands, and
we shall have no control over the subject in the
States, because the very ground on which the
amendment goes is that you have no constitu-
tional power to control the road in the States.
Under such circumstances, believing that we
have no further use for the bill, and as the Senator
from California does not appreciate my courtesy
in keeping the bill up, I now announce to him
distinctly, that I want a favorable opportunity of
putting my name on the record against the bill in
its present shape, and that may go to the country
' also. Cock Robin is killed! As to who killed him I
do not care six straws. He is dead. I expected to
get a road, but 1 know that under the provisions
i of the bill as it now stands, I cannot get one, and
I do not care about the credit or discredit of it. I
shall have the proud satisfaction of reflecting that
I have performed my duty faithfully upon this im-
portant subject, and with that I must be content.
Mr. BADGER. Mr. President, I am a very
