1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
775
earnest and decided advocate for the establishment
of this road, and in that I present no exception to
the Senate generally. Everybody is in favor of
the road.
Mr. MASON. No!
Mr. BADGER. The Senator from Virginia not
in favor of it ?
Mr. MASON. Decidedly not.
Mr. BADGER. I am glad to hear there is one
man not in favorof it. Now, I am sure that lam
right, since the Senator is against me in the main
project. [Laughter.] I was about saying that
everybody in the Senate was in favor of the road,
but there were so many conflicting opinions as to
the mode in which, conveniently  constitutionally,
and consistently with the principles of the Demo-
cratic party, it could be accomplished, that it
seemed as if the general wish for a railroad was
an abstraction, and the general difficulties in the
way of its construction, a reality, which made the
abstraction of no value. Well, sir, I have been
in favor of any measure that is a practical one,
that would accomplish the object which is of so
great importance to the country. But I find that
there are insuperable obstacles in what are called
the principles of the Democratic party. I never
hear of them without alarm; for I have generally
observed that they are brought forward and oper-
ate precisely to the extent, and precisely for the
purpose of preventing the accomplishment of some
great good to the country. We have had, on this
occasion, the abstractions of the Democratic prin-
ciples as embodied in the resolutions of 1798, and
that substantial and boardy excrescence upon
which the Democratic principles were constructed
last year, on what was called the Baltimore plat-
form; and it is found now, that those are in utter
and absolute opposition to any measure which the
wit of man can devise, which is practicable and
capable of being executed for connecting the two
sides of this great continent together.
It is now ascertained, that although we have had
power to acquire, and have acquired this Territory
of California on the Pacific, and though the Con-
stitution gives us full power for that purpose, it
has placed us in such a deplorable situation that
we can devise no means to make that acquisition
profitable, and can resort to no projects to enable
us to defend it. And the Constitution has been so
carefully css-frstructed—that is, as expounded by
the resolutions of 1798, and the Baltimore plat-
form, together with the running commentary upon
them, which we have heard in this Chamber—that
this Government has perfect power to acquire a
Territory, but no power to defend it or to make
it available to the general interestirof the country.
Now, Mr. President, it has been said over and
over again, that this bill is dead. Gentlemen on
all aides agree as to thst,-except the Senator from
California, [Mr. Wmn,] who has a manifest
State interest in keeping it alive, and who 1 think
mistakes certain galvanic motions in the dead body
for the evidence of life, and conjures up for it
future exertion and usefulness.
It is agreed on all hands, that whether by what
has been done or not, it is the general sentiment
in the Senate, and the deleterious effect of the ad-
ministration of Democratic principles upon the
measure, that it is dead,andtheonlyinquiryonall
•ides has been how it should be decently and re-
spectably disposed of by an honest burial.
Now, instead of moving that this bill lie on the
table, as a test question i having very great respect
for the bill as it was originally reported, and the
greatest respect and kindness for my honorable
friend from Texas, who reported it, and who has
pressed it with so much anxiety, I think the beet
course we can adopt with this distinguished mem-
ber of the once practical measures, but now ab-
stractions and humbugs, of the age, would be to
treat it exactly as we treat a member of Congress
when he is dead. And by way of taking final
leave of it, and testifying our respect for its mem-
ory, I move that the Senate do now adjourn,
[laughter,] with the understanding that that makes
an. end of the Atlantic and Pacific railroad, at
least for this session.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I should like to have the
yeas and nays on the motion. 1 desire to see
gentlemen put to the test in regard to the speeches
which they have been making.
("Crderl" "Order!"]  
Mr. MASON. A motion to adjourn is not sub-
ject to debate.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I know that; but [ have a
right to call for the yeas and nays; and I take it
for granted that all those Senators who have been
making speeches will not be afraid 
Several Senators. " Order!" " Order!"
Mr. MASON. I call the Senator to order.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BELL. Afraid of what?
Mr. DOUGLAS. Afraid to have their misrep-
resentations exposed.
The question being taken by yeas and nays on
the motion to adjourn, resulted—yeas 30, nays 15;
as follows:
TEAS—Messrs. Badger, Bayard, Brodhead, Butler,
Cms, Charlton, Chase, Clark, Cooper, Dawson, Dp Saug-
sure, Downs, Fits Patrick, Foot, Hamlin, Hunter, Mallory,
Mason, Miller, Morton, Pearre, Petut, Phelps, Rusk,
Sebastian,'Smith, Spruauce, Sumner, T.oucey, and Under-
wood— 30.
NAYS—Messrs. Bell, Borland, Davis, Dodge of Wiscon-
sin, Douglas, Geyer, Gwin, Houston, James, Seward,
Soul6, Wade, Walker, and Weller—15.
So the motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesdav, February 22, 1853.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by the Rev. James Gallaher.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER. The question first in order
is the following resolution, reported from the Com-
mittee on Printing, upon which the gentleman
from North Carolina [Mr. Stanly] ia entitled to
the floor:
" Resolved, That the House Committee on Printing cause
the maps accompanying the report of the Superintendent ot*
the Coast Survey to be bound tn quarto form, provided
the cost shall not exceed eighteen cents per volume; and
that they also cause to be bound the maps accompanying
1 the report of the Secretary of the Treasury, on the trade
j of the British North American Colonies, in a separate vol-
: ume, and style similar to the maps accompanying the re-
! ports of Foster and Whitney, as published by the Senate,
{ provided the cost shall not exceed twelve-and-a-half cents
per volume."
Mr. STANLY. I will not detain the House
ten minutes by the clock; and if 1 exceed that time,
I will yield the floor. The House having adopted
the amendment yesterday relative to the Coast
Survey, makes it unnecessary that I should make
remarks to the extent 1 had intended. My purpose
was to call the attention of the House and country
to some things which I thought needed remedying
in the Coast Survey Office. 1 desire to see this
survey carried on, as it is exceedingly useful to the
whole country. It is very useful to that part of
the country which I represent. I want to put no
impediment in the way to its successful contin-
uance. The adoption r-by the House, on yester-
day, of the last clause of the civil and diplomatic
bill, 4rill bring about that remedy.
There are some things connected with that
Coast Survey to which I object, and, I think, in a
proper spirit. I object to them because they will
lead to abuses—if abuses do not already exist. 1
have no intention to cast any reflection upon the
Superintendent of the Coast Survey. From all 1
can hear from gentlemen who are much better qual-
ified to judge than myself, he is a man of science,
and as such has discharged his duty remarkably
well. My honorable friend from Maryland, [Mr.
Evans,] not now in his seat, a man of " science,"
has informed me to that effect himself, and he is a
better judge than 1, and much attached to this
Coast Survey. There is a great deal generally
said, in reference to the Coajst Survey, about trt-
angulations, parallaxes, and a hundred other things
which pass my comprehension, and that of a
large majority of this House. I do not intend to
go into that, but I take it for granted that those
men of science who have examined this subject,
ought to be relied upon in the statement they
make.
But there are other things connected with the
Coast Survey to which I must call the attention of
the House. I think the public interest demands
that this matter should be in charge of the Navy
Department, and not in charge of the Treasury.
I object to naval officers and officers of the Army
being selected as they are now, for duty on the
Coast Survey. They may be selected—whether
they have ot have not been so, I do not say—by
favoritism exereised by members of Congress or
by persons residing in the city of Washington.
I object to special privileges and monopolies by
officers of the Engineer, of the Topographical,
and Ordnance Corps. As a specimen of that, I
refer to a bill from the Senate now pending here,
to which, in the course of the debate the other
day, I intimated that I would give my support. I
was inclined to do so until subsequent and careful
examination has shown me that I was wrong.
It is to give the Ordnance, Engineer, and Topo-
graphical Corps promotion at ine end of fourteen
years. It makes their promotion fixed and certain,
while the men were not included who are out upon
the frontier—the artillery, infantry, and dragoons;
they not being here by themselves or by their
friends to play the part of lobby members day after
day, electioneering with members and making ap-
peals to their acquaintances and fiends in and out
of Congress. I feel it my duty as a Representative
of this Congress to protect the interests of those
who are not here lobbying. Men who have grad-
uated in the Engineer and Topographical Corps,
have not been promoted as rapidly as some of those
in the infantry, artillery, and dragoons; and why?
Because so many were killed in the Mexican war.
Many gallant fellows in the infantry and artillery
were killed, and that has caused the promotion of
their comrades who survived.
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. I wish to ask the
gentleman a question. Was there any corps that
suffered more in the Mexican war than the Corps
of Engineers?
Mr. STANLY. I think there was. I do not
impute anything improper to these men in that
respect. They behaved well in war on all occa-
sions. No doubt the Engineer, Topographical,
and Ordnance Corps will fight, seeking the" bauble
reputation at the cannon's mouth," with as true
spirit as any other corps. I am not impeaching
them, but contending for the rights of others as
meritorious as they, not here to take care of them-
selves. The lieutenants of the Engineer, Topo-
graphical, and Ordnance Corps, come here upon
what 1 maycallthe professions ofhavinggraduated
highest among the classes at West Point; they
graduate with distinction at West Point, not only
because they are men of superior endowments, but
because, by strict attention to regulations, they get
fewer black-marks. My experience in life has
taught me that more than one half of the boys who
graduate at colleges, with the highest honors, turn
out to be men of less influence and capacity in the
world than those who graduated with none. They
behave themselves well, attend prayers, put the
musket in the right place, tie their shoe-strings,
and attend to all the minute details of the West
Point system, all right in the soldier, and then
they sire put into theOrdnance,Topographical, and
Engineer Corps. Generally, they nave pleasant
duties assignea them. They are generally in the
discharge of bureau duties; they have charge <Sf
military posts, and forts. This affords no reason
why their promotion should be certain in fourteen
years, when these artillery men, and dragoons,
and infantry, are sent out among the Indians, and
are compelled often to lie upon the ground, with
nothing but the canopy of heaven to protect them.
It is unjust in spirit. It is special legislation
which I know this House will not adopt, when
they have examined the subject.
Mr. GORMAN. I must insist on making a
point of order upon my friend from North Caro-
lina, which I do with great reluctance. He is
discussing the expediency of a bill lying upon
your table in regard to the promotion of the En-
gineer Corps. Thisproposition is to bind themaps
of the Coast Survey. I should be gratified to
hear the gentleman, but 1 cannot permit his argu-
ment to go on without being permitted to reply
to it, and I could not be permitted to do so be-
cause the Speaker would certainly decide it to be
out of order.
The SPEAKER. Whether the gentleman is
in order depends much upon what is to be printed.
He has a right to talk about whatever is in the
book.
Mr. GORMAN. The proposition is t'd bind
the maps separately.
The SPEAKER. Is it not to print ?
Mr. GORMAN. I understand that it is for
the binding of the maps separately.
The SPEAKER. If it is to bind atone, the
gentleman would not be in order.
Mr. STANLY. When there is anything said
