776
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 22,
in regard to the printing of this House, there is a j1
greafde.il of sensitiveness exhibited on the part ,
of the £ ntleman from Indiana.
Mr. GORMAN'. I hope that I may be per-
mitted to reply to the geiukman.
Mr. STANLY. 1 hope he may be, to the fullest
extent. i\ly friend from Indiana will appear in a !
new character if he undertakes to advocate what I
have been arguing against to-day, and if he stands
up for the rights of a special chosen few, and not
for the rights of all. He will appear in a new
character,and I hope, for his own sake, that he will
not indulge in the argument he said he would. I
have finished that part of my argument, and
having called the attention of the House to that
bill, I must recur to the former statement with
which I set out. I should have finished in my ten
minutes, but the House must indulge me three or
four minutes more on account of the interruption
in my remarks. I say I object to lobby members
electioneering for the Coast Survey, whether it is
for printing, binding, oranything else. Jt is well
known that wejhave been subjected to improper
influence, inducing us to do what, as members of
this House, we ought not to do. When appeals
are made to our feelings, and we hear but one
side., we are not competent to decide fairly. I
warn the House against such unfair influences.
The report of the Coast Survey we have already
printed and bound. Then camethecharts of some
lieutenant out on the western Pacific coast, which
our friends from California want Congress to pur-
chase. And so we go on printing and binding
volumes after volumes, very often encouraging a
private speculation at the public expense. I have
been afraid of this CosstSurvey extending its arm
too much. I will say, to be in order, I find fault
with the binding of some of these charts. I come
to another reason to which I wish to call the atten-
tion of persons connected with the Coast Survey.
Instead of going on and surveying the Ameri-
can coast, the Superintendent, with all his science
and attainments, influenced by a desire to oblige
members of Congress, has been engaged in sur-
veying too many little inlets and creeks. They
have a little chart in a frame in some of the com-
mittee rooms of the Pasquotank river in my State.
I do not think it of so much importance as my
colleague [Mr. Outlaw] does; but that is sur-
veyed. [ do not think it is so great a national
work that it ought to be surveyed before import-
ant points on the coast.
Mr. OUTLAW. Is the gentleman aware that
there is more valuable produce carried on Pasquo-
tank river than on any other river in North Car-
olina ?
Mr. STANLY. Not quite.
Mr. OUTLAW. Certainly all the rivers in
my colleague's district.
Mr. RIDDLE. Will the gentleman allow me
to say a word? I wish merely to state to him a
fact which perhaps he is not acquainted with. In
order to produce lines along the coast it is ne-
cessary that the officers making a survey should
extend their triangulations into the interior.
Mr. STANLY. Suppose they did extend
" their triangulations into the interior," they can
do that without making maps of little rivers and
creeks. But I do not intend to get into a scientific
discussion of triangulations and parallaxes. The
House might be reminded of Mrs. Malaprop's
"nice derangement of epitaphs."
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. With refer-
ence to the Pasquotank, the gentleman will recol-
lect, I presume, that during the administration of
General Jackson there was an appropriation made
for the debouches of the Dismal Swamp canal;
and if I am correctly informed as to the geog-
raphy of that part of the country, the canal de-
bouches in the Pasquotank river. Now, if the
Government of the United States, by a bill signed
by General Jackson, could appropriate money for
that purpose, I should suppose that these triangu-
lations might extend there without any great vio-
lation of constitutional rights.
Mr. STANLY I have made no reference to
constitutional rights. My colleague thinks his
" rivers of Damascus" are better than other rivers,
and that the Pasquotank has more produce than
all the rivers in my district. Well, sir, I might,
perhaps, controvert that if I should gftinto statist-
ics of tnrpentine and lumber. But I dare say
that the Superintendent of the Coast Survey would
have obliged me by surveying my rivers, if I had
asked it. I am blaming Congress and not the
Superintendent. I want to call the attention of
Congress to the fact, thai they survey too many j
inlets and creeks, called rivers, and neglect a great
many important works of a national character.
My purpose has now been answered. I did not
want to reduce the salary of the Superintendent of
the Coast Survey, and I voted against it in com-
mittee. and should oppose it here. But I wanted
that it should be settled and regulated by law. I
do not think any Secretary ought to have author-
ity to pay just what he pleases. I do not like this
increasing of the powers of bureaus, giving them
the franking privilege, and making Departments
of them. I am afraid that before the end of this
session, we shall have an attempt made to estab-
lish the Department of the Exterior, as we had,
four years ago, a Department of the Interior. I
see, sir, that I have only occupied ten minutes, no
more than I said I would occupy, notwithstand-
ing the interruptions, and I will not longer detain
the House. I hope this binding will be ordered.
I have examined the maps, and think they ought
to be preserved. I think the committee are right
about the binding, and I withdraw all objection
to it.
Mr. GORMAN. 1 shall not detain the House
very long, but I have never in my life listened to ,
a more extraordinary speech in this House than
that made this moment by the honorable gentle-
man from North Carolina, [Mr. Stanly.] He
has traveled out of the record, as I conceive, from
the question of binding these maps, to state here
before this House, that these engineers were not
upon the fields of battle—that they were not upon
the frontier—that their bones did not bleach upon
the plains of Buena Vista and Monterey 
Mr. STANLY. I said nothing like that.
Mr. GORMAN. The gentleman said that in
effect, and drew a parallel unfavorable to the En-
gineer Corps. He says that they were not upon
the field or the frontier, but that they are here to
act as "lobby members " around this Hall. Let
me enumerate who these " lobby members " are.
I begin with the Engineer Corps. Who were the
officers of that corps, against whom this invidious
comparison is made, who were killed and wounded
in the battles of the war with Mexico
Captain Swift, died from exposure at the siege
of Vera Cruz.
Colonel Mansfield, severely wounded at the
storming of Monterey.
5 Colonel Lee, wounded at the attack on Chapul-
tepec.
1 Colonel Mason, severely wounded at Molino
del Rey.
Captain Benham, wounded at Buena Vista.
Major Beaungard, wounded at the Belin gate,
City of Mexico. ■
Major Towers, wounded in the battle of Cha-
pultepec.
Captain Foster, severely wounded at Molino
j del Rey.
j Major Stevens, wounded near San Cosma, City
I of Mexico. I suppose he is one to whom the
gentleman alludes as being here in the lobbies.
I Topographical Engineers.
Captain Williams, killed in the advance upon
Monterey.
Lieutenant Blake, killed with his own pistol the
day after the battle of Palo Alto.
Lieutenant-Colonel Johnson, severely wounded
twice at Cerro Gordo, and again at the attack on
the City of Mexico.
Lieutenant Bryan, wounded at Buena Vista.
Lieutenant Durby, severely wounded at Cerro
Cordo.
Ordnance.
Major George Talcott, wounded at Molino del
Rey.
Captain Callender, severely wounded at the bat-
tle of Contreras.
1 Captain Reno, wounded at the battle of Cha-
! pultepec.
These men compose the Corps of Engineers, and
j several of them are now upon the Coast Survey,
crippled in such a manner as to be disabled from
very active field service; some of them have been
wounded once and some twice. These are the
! " lobby members" to whom the gentleman from
! North Carolina alludes, and against whom he
draws an unfavorable contrast with the line of the
Army.
Mr. STANLY. 1 alluded to no individuals by
name, and it is unfair, unkind, and improper to
say that I meant my remarks for particular indi-
viduals, when 1 jid not. I was arguing against
unfavorable contrasts drawn by others against the
infantry, artillery, and dragoons.
Mr. GORMAN. I do not know that thegentle-
man did, and of course if he says he did not, that
is enough. But Major Stevens is within this
Hall.
Mr. STANLY. That may be. He ought not
now to be if he is.
Mr. GORMAN. He is here every day. He
is a gentleman who graduated at the very head
of his class for scientific attainments, for superior
learning, and for his distinguished industry and
talent. He has been placed, by his peculiar at-
tainments, high in position upon this Coast Survey,
and to him we are largely indebted for many val-
uable portions of this work. He, sir, is in the
lobby around this Hall every day, when his busi-
ness will permit him to be here. Another gen-
tleman, who is here occasionally, bears upon his
person wounds of the most agonizing character,
which he received in the front rank, where the
danger was greatest and where the bullets of the
enemy flew thickest and hottest. Sir, these men
were compelled by their duties to be in the most
dangerous and critical positions, and they de-
serve laurels entwined around their brows equal
to any corps of the Army. Our Commander-in-
Chief was indebted to that corps for his recon-
noissances in advance of him, and laying down the
topography of the country through which the
army had to march; and if there is any body of
men in the Army to whom the Government is
indebted in gratitudeand praise, it is the Engineer
Corps. And yet, sir, the gentleman from North
Carolina, in discussing the question of printing
and binding a few copies of the report of the Coast
Survey in a particular manner, has stepped aside
to draw invidious comparisons between this gal-
lant corps and the line of the Army.
Mr. STANLY. 1 said they were not on the
frontier as much as the other corps; that their
duties were less laborious in time of peace; that
few of them were killed in war, and that accounted
for the promotion of the other corps, against whom
invidious comparisons had been drawn.
Mr. GORMAN. Well, sir, apart of them are
upon the frontier. There are engineers now upen
the frontier making topographical surveys, and for
the location of your posts and roads. The engi-
i neers are now engaged in making surveys for the
1 erection and completion of fortifications. They
! are scattered over the country superintending the
j improvement of your rivers and harbors, under
the river and harbor improvement bills. They
are on the various railroad lines. They are scat-
tered from one end of the Union to the other, in
the service of the Government. Allow me to say
that this Engineer Corps, although they graduate
; at the head of their class, and are put into this ser-
vice because they do so graduate, are from sixteen
; to eighteen years before they are promoted from
lieutenants to captains.
Mr. WEIGHTMAN. Allow me to call at-
tention to a single case. Mr. James H. Simpson,
who graduated in 1832, is still a lieutenant, al-
though men who graduated eight or ten years
later, but who belonged to the line corps, have
been for some time captains.
Mr. GORMAN. It is notorious that under
the rules and regulations at West Point, the young
men who graduate with the highest honors are put
into the Engineer Corps, and have to remain from
four to six years longer in the Army without pro-
motion than officers of the regular line. Sir, I
regret most deeply that the honorable gentleman
from North Carolina has seen proper to make an
assault on that corps of the Army, which, as highly
as any other, deserves the praise and gratitude
of the country. In peace as well as in war they
are at work, unlike the officers of the regular
Army, who are stationary in command of our for-
tifications and frontier garrisons. All they have
to do is to eat, drink, and sleep, and then eat,
drink, and sleep again. To be sure they drill
their men, they keep a vigilant eye upon the wel-
fare of the Government and the people, they do
their duty nobly; but that duty is light, in many
cases, compared to the scientific labors and re-
search of the Engineer Corps. But the Engineer
Corps are engaged from one year's end to the other.
