1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
781
occurred, and could hear their voice of indignation
and protest at the irretrievable wrong whieh they
then experienced, it would produce a deeper im-
pression upon this House than anything that any
one who has any love of justice or humanity could
posftibly concave of. Let me still read further:
"On the 8th of August they sent fbr the agent and Genera]
Jackson, and expressed a determination, before they yielded
up ami signed away their lands, to grant, as a mark of na-
tional gratitude, a donation, for his distinguished services, to
the General; and to Colonel Hawkins and his family, to
whom they owed much, and whose children were natives
of their land ; to the two interpreters, one of whom had all
his property destroyed, (Mr. Cornells ;) and in the insuu-
meot which they would sign, to express their claims under
the terms of peace offered. The General was very feelingly
impressed with this unexpected mark of national gratitude,
which he accepted, with lUe reserve, if approved of by the
President, and that the President might, if he would, have
it disposed of to clothe their poor naked women and chil
dren. Their motive for doing this being as expressed, they
rejected this modification."
They had nothing but submission, and they were
compelled to accept the terms offered them.
" On the 9th, the instrument of conveyance having been
drawn under the interpretation of Mr. Cornells and Major
Mcintosh, and read, the Speaker said, their claims being
mentioned, the letters should go as a part of it, as they con-
tained what they demanded."
General Pinckney, in his letter, promised that
their fidelity should not be forgotten by the Gov-
ernment of the United States at the end of the war;
that their right to indemnity should be regarded,
and that their own lands should be respected in
all treaties.
" Whereupon the instrument was signed, in the usual
form, in the square of the council. After being signed, the
speaker orged that it should be sent on with the treaty
which they were about to sign, to which he annexed the
letters of the 94d and 35th of April, between General Pinck-
ney and Colonel Hawkins; and that some good man should
• take them up to the Government, and after this, they would
sign with the General.
"Having signed, the General said he would send up his
secretary with the treaty and documents mentioned; and
such of the Indians there present who had claims, might
make them, and lodge them with him, and liis secretary
should take them with him; which was done accordingly.
The document of the 9tb is what the chiefs, in fact, call
their part of the treaty."
Now, sir, I will go on to consider an objection
which may be urged, and which has been urged
in private circles, to this claim. But I will read
farther:
" As to the extent of the claims, I have no data to cal-
culate from. Part of the vouchers were taken on by Mr.
Cassedy, the General's secretary, and the remainder given
in since to the assistant agent at Coweta, which I have or-
dered on here; whatever they may be, I will forward them
as soon as received."
Is it not clear and palpable that all that he there
aaya relates to indemnity for personal 1 oases? He
•ays:
" I believe at the tiaie of drawing the tines for the treaty,
$60,000 would have been received as an equivalent."
No one can suppose that that f60,000 would
have been considered an equivalent for eight mil'
lion eight hundred and forty-nine thousand acres
of land. He goes on to say:
" The Indians of Tookabatchie were the mbst fMthfnl,
and the greatest sufferers."
How? By the dee traction of land which is im-
movable—real estate, that is not capable of being
removed or destroyed ?
Mr. Chairman, before I proceed further, I will I
inquire of you how much time 1 have left?
The CHAIRMAN. Two minutes.
Mr. JOHNSON. Say twenty minutes rather,
for 1 have really got'on much slower tTian 1 ex-
pected. The first amount paid to these Indians
waa $85,000, and subsequently, at the last ses-
sion of Congress, $110,000 was paid to them as
indemnity for personal tosses. Every committee
that ever made a report upon this subject, either
in the Senate or in the House, pat that construc-
tion upon the $60,000 estimated for by Hawkins.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GIDDINGS obtained the floor.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask the gentleman, from
Ohio if he will allow me a portion of his time?
Mr. GIDDINGS. I do not desire to occupy
more than -fifteen minutes, and, with the consent
of the committee^ the gentleman from Arkansas
can occupy a portion of my time.
[Cries of " Agreed!"]
Mr. JOHNSON. I am mu-,h obliged to the
gentleman for his courtesy.
If, sir, any gentleman thinks that the 0110,000
paid last session was wrongfully paid, I would
suggest to him that he can obviate the difficulty,
bytUdaeiingthat $110,000 from the- sum whkh it
is now proposed to pay to these Indians. For,
sir, even if the $110,000 was wrongfully paid, it
would be no compensation for the eight million
eight hundred and forty-nine thousand acres of
j land which must have been' worth at least
i #1,500,000, supposing it to be worth only twenty
cents an aore, whereas we hold all our lands at
$1 25 per acre.
But I will pass from this point without further
consideration, remembering that I am trespassing
upon the time of the gentleman from Ohio.
I will now read to the committee the letters of
Pinckney and Hawkins, which show what prom-
ises were made to the Indians, and in what man-
ner they were made. This is a certified copy of
the letter which was written by General Pinckney,
under instructions from the War Department, di-
recting him to make peace with the hostile tribes
after he had fought a great number of battleB and
had dispersed them:
"The complete success with which it has pleased the
Almighty to bless the arms of the United States in the pres
ent war with the hostile Creek Indians, having amply re-
taliated on their infatuated people the loss of blood sus-
tained by the citizens of the United States, and by that part
of the natives who remained faithful to them, and their in-
solence, ingratitude, and perfidy having been severely chas-
tised, the Government of the United States, willing to spare
I the dispersed remnant of the miserable people, who may
I be sincerely disposed to atone for their former misdeeds by
their future good conduct, you will be pleased, sir, to com
mnnicate to them the following terms upon which peace
will be granted to them :
"The United Stated will retain so mucboftb€ conquered
territory as may appear to the Government (hereof to be
just indemnity for the expenses of the war, and as a retri-
bution for the iaptrto sustained by Us citixens and hi the
friendly Creek Indians,"
There is directly contemplated die matter of
making compensation to the friendly Creek Indians
for all their losses.
" You will please, sir, to communicate these terras to the
friendly Indians, and to enjoin on them, in the prosecution
of the war, against such as may continue hostile, to abstain
carefully from injuring those who may be returning with
the intention of making their submission. You may like-
wise inform them that the United States will not forget
tkeir fidelity ; hit, in the arrangement« which may he made
of the lands to be retained at indemnity, their claims will
be respected, and such of their chiefs as nave distinguished
themselves, by their exertions and valor in the common
cause, will also receive a remuneration in the ceded lands,
and in such manner as the Government may direct."
That is the letter of Pinckney. It was addressed
to Hawkins, to be communicated to the chiefs.
The letter was written on the 33d of April, 1814.
I will now read you Hawkins's letter, written on
the 25th of April. The treaty was afterwards
made on the 9th of August, ana it was only four
or five months after those letters were written that
the pledges of the Government were violated and
the fidelity of the Indians repudiated.
Yet we see this afterwards wholly denied them;
we seethe Government stepping in and taking pos-
session of their lands for which there are n o w i n the
Treasury of the United States millionsof dollars,
which we have received for lands taken not only
-from the hostile, but the friendly Indians. We
have discharged debts incurred under the conven-
tion of 1802 with Georgia, by which she ceded the
Territory of Alabama tot he United States.
[Mr. J. here read from aletterofMr. Hawkins, a
copy of which was not obtained by the Reporter.]
Thus you see what brave, courageous, and daring
assistance was rendered to us by these tribes.
We were dependent upon them more than upon
the gallantry of our own soldiers for success.
We never should have been able to meet our foes
but for the assistance J6f these friendly tribes—
never to trace and overtake them but for their
knowledge and faithfulness.
Mr. GIDD1NGS, (interrupting.) I now claim,
the floor to make what remarks I shall submit to
the committee.
Mr. JOHNSON. I very much regret that the
gentleman will not allow me to proeeed fbr a little
time longer. It is a matter so exceedingly difficult
and intricate, that it will be impossible to under-
stand it unless it is explained more fully.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I cannot yield further.
Mr. HOUSTON. Before we proceed farther,
I desire to state the position I occupy with refer-
ence to the hour which rs allotted to me, under the
rule to closethe debate upon this bill. This amend-
ment has not been before the Committee on Ways
and Means at all. We have not, therefore, as a
committee, examined it at all. I understand, how-
ever, there is a difference of opinion among the
members of the Indian Committee themeelves in
relation to its propriety. Under these elrcumstan-
| ces, I have told the gentleman from Texas, [Mr.
| Howard,] who I understand entertains a different
view from the gentleman from Arkansas, that I
would yield him my hour, and allow him to close
the discussion upon this bill.
[ Mr. JOHNSON. I desire to know if the gen-
tleman from Texas is in the House.
A Member. He is here.
Mr. JOHNSON. Well, sir, I am cut out of
half an hour which I desired to occupy still upon
•this subject. 1 had understood the gentleman
from Texas was satisfied with this amendment,
but I am now informed for the first time that such
is not the case. The Committee on Indian Affairs
were unanimous in recommending this amend-
ment, with the exception of another member who,
| with the gentleman from Texas, were not present
at the meeting of the committee when final action
was taken with reference to it. That is the state
of the case. Had I known that the gentleman
from Texas intended to address the committee in
opposition to myself, I should have insisted upon
a more extended time for closing the debate, so
that I could have had an opportunity of replying.
I could have hoped that the gentleman from Texas
j would have been generous enough at least to
inform me that he intended to speak in opposi-
tion to this measure. I protest, however, against
j being cut off in this manner, with the gentleman
from Texas to speak during the hour allotted to
the chairman of the Committee on Ways and
Means, without permitting me an opportunity to
say one word in reply.
Mr. HOUSTON. I suppose the gentleman
does not intend his remarks for me.
M . JOHNSON. Certainly not.
Mr. HOWARD. I suppose the gentleman in-
| tends his remarks for me, and I desire to say a
j word in reply.
j _ Mr. GIDDINGS. Let the gentleman publish
| his speech. I cannot yield further.
Mr. JOHNSON. Will the gentleman from
Texas yield me a part of his hour?
Mr. HOWARD. I have no objection. I only
desire to say that I attended the sittings of the
committee in relation to this subject until the last,
and I notified the committee that I dissented from
this measure. The other members of the commit-
tee who were present at that sitting will bear me
out in this assertion.
Mr. JOHNSON. The gentleman did dissent,
but I will say that the gentleman never informed
me that he intended to oppose the measure. I
notified him specially that the committee would
hold a sitting for the express purpose of acting
upon this measure, and he declined to come.
Mr. HOWARD. I am not aware of any rules
of this House which would require me to notify
the gentleman or the committee that I intended
to oppose this measure.
Mr. JOHNSON. But it place* me in the posi-
tion of allowing the gentleman to close the debate
Without being allowed any opportunity to. reply.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I hope the gentlemen wi'l
set themselves right and allow me to proceed.
Mr. JOHNSON. I protest against this man-
ner of proceeding. To allow a gentleman to raise
any objections he chooses without the opportunity
of saying a word in answer, would obfuscate the
broadest and clearest intellect in this world.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope the time will be ex-
tended , by unanimous consent, to allow the gentle,
man all the time he desires.
"Mr. GIDDINGS. Mr. Chairman, it is with
great reluctance that I intrude upon the considera-
tion of the House a matter not directly connected
with the bill under consideration. Nothing short
of duty to an insulted constituency would have
induced me to ask the attention of the House at
this time.
The occasion of my desire to occupy the floor a
few moments is an attack made upon my humble
self, and through me open the people whom I have
long represented, by the present Comptroller of the
Treasury doring the political canvass of last au-
tamn. That gentleman, from his official bureau,
charged me with peculation, with filching money
from the Treasury. In his own language, he
charged me with " taking the public money for «
levies of yean to whieh he [I] had no legal or
moral Riqht. " The charge ie a grave one, and
imputes to my constituents ignorance or corrup-
tion in sending to this body a man who, if thea*
