788
f HE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 28,
claims for preventing and (suppressing Indian hostilities in
Florida by the act of 27th February, 1851, as shall remain
unexpended on the 30th of June, 1853, is hereby reappro-
priated for that purpose."
Mr. HUNTER. This is the reappropriation
of a balance which has gone to the surplus fund.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
insert the following additional section:
"Sec.6. *And be it further enacted, That the accounting
officers of the Treasury be authorized, in settling the ac-
counts of Captain Leslie Chase, Captain S. M. Plummer,
Captain Sell uyler Hamilton, and Lieutenant J. H. Whipple,
to pass to their credit all expenditures by them made for
objects authorized by law, out of appropriations not applica-
ble thereto : Provided, That such expenditures be approved
by the Secretary of War."
Mr. HUNTER. This is an appropriation to
settle the accounts of certain officers who had
funds in their hands liable to be expended under
several heads of appropriations. They expended
too much under one head, and not enough under
another; but they still had funds enough to ar-
range the whole account if allowed to do so by ,
law. This is a mere provision to enable them to
settle their accounts.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT. The amendments report-
ed by the Committee on Finance, and printed with
the bill, have now been gone through with.
Mr. HUNTER. There is another amendment
of the committee, which is, to insert after the
word " economical," in the third section, the
words " properandadvisable," andldo not know
whether it has been printed or not. The eft'ect of
that amendment is to make the provision read—
" That the Secretary of War be directed to report to Con-
gress whether, in his opinion, it would not be more eco-
nomical, proper, and advisable to cause all the arms of the
United States to be made by contract."
The object of the committee was to extend the
inquiry beyond the mere economy of the thing,
and to inquire into the propriety of it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. I offer another amendment,
in accordance with the recommendation of the
head of the War Department. It is to insert the
following as an additional section:
"Sec.7. rfndbe it further enacted, That additional ra-
tions shall hereafter be allowed to the commissioned offi-
cers of engineers when in command of separate and fixed
or permanent posts: Provided, That the commandant of no
post shall be entitled to receive such additional rations un-
less the same be designated by the Secretary of War as a
double ration post."
The design of this amendment is to put the En-
gineer Corps on a footing with the other corps of
the Army. Owing to some mistake, a clause in
the act of 1850, by which they were put upon an
equality, was construed to last only for a single
year. It is designed by this amendment to place
them on the same footing with the other corps of
the Army.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHIELDS. I have several amendments
to offer by the direction of the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs; but before I do so, I should like to
inquire of the honorable Senator from Virginia
whether he has got through with the amendments
of the Committee on Finance?
Mr. HUNTER. I am through.
Mr. SHIELDS. There is in this bill a proviso
to the appropriation for repairs and improvements
at Springfield armory, as follows:
" Provided, That from and after the 1st day of July next
so much of the act of Congress, approved August 23, 1842,
as places the national armories under the superintendence
of an officer of the Ordnance Corps be, and the same is
hereby, repealed; and from that day the said armories shall
be under that system of superintendence which existed
prior to the passage of said act of Congress."
The effect of this provision is to take the armo-
ries from under military superintendence, as they
are now, and to place them under the superintend-
ence of civilians. I move to strike out that pro-
viso. I wish to leave it as the law now stands,
and to leave the armories under military superin-
tendence. The object of the provision as it came
from the House is to transfer the armories from
the present military to a new system of superin-
tendence, and that, too, in an appropriation bill
without any previous consideration or investiga-
tion. I think that it is an improper mode of legis-
lation.
Mr. DAVIS. I should like to hear the Senator
from Illinois give some reason for that amend-
ment.
Mr. HALE. I rise to express the same wish
which has been expressed by the Senator from j
Massachusetts. This provision is one which has j
been before Congress for a good while in different
shapes. It has been here for several years, and
it has been based somewhat on charges brought
against individuals who have had the supervision
of these armories. Whether or not they have had
any opportunity to meet the charges I do not
know. I freely confess that my impressions and
my prejudicies, if they may be so called, have all
been in favor of the change proposed by the bill
as it comes to us from the House. But at the
same time I am free to confess that since the sub-
ject has been before Congress at this session, con-
siderations have been addressed to me which have
made me doubt somewhat the propriety of my
former convictions on the subject; and I am unwill-
ing to retain this clause as it comes from the
House if it is an implied censure and condem-
nation of the officers who have been in charge of
these armories under appointments from the Ord-
nance bureau, unless they have had an opportuni-
ty of being heard. As a naked question, independ-
ent of any matter of reputation connected with the
officers who have had the superintendence of the
armories, I am free to confess my opinions, my
convictions, and my prejudicies, are all in favor
of putting the armories under civil superintend- !
ence. I cannot readily see the propriety of sub- I
jecting a machine-shop to military command. If
1 this change be made as proposed by '.he House,
' I hope that the Naval Committee will go still fur-
i ther, and that they will take the workshops in the
1 navy-yards from under the superintendence of
! naval officers and put them under civil superin-
tendence. I do not see any reason why the me-
chanics who labor in the navy-yards and in
machine-shops, turning wood and metal, and all
that sort of thing, which belongs to handicrafts-
men, should be subject to the rigorous and rigid
discipline of military supervision.
If the change is made here, and if it is prudent
and proper to make it here, why not, in regard to
the rmvy-yards'
Independentof the fact that it is connected with
an attack upon the reputation of gentlemen, which
I should not wish to sanction without their having
an opportunity to answer, I should be in favor of
the measure, and I should be in favor of carrying
it out. There are as many mechanics who work
I at the navy-yards, and I think a great deal more,
than there are in these armories. If the mechan-
ics who labor in armories under the Ordnance Bu-
I reau shall be freed from military superintendence,
i I certainly hope that the same measure of justice
| will be extended to those who work in the navy-
yards, who are far more numerous th$n those who
work in the armories.
I hope the honorable chairman of the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs will state to the Senate
i fully and freely his views on the subject, for I con-
fess it is one of the very few subjects which have
been before the Senate since I have been here,
upon which I am desirous of having some remarks
made. I am in doubt. I am in difficulty. I do
not know how to vote, and I want light from the
chairman of the committee who has investigated
the matter, and who is prepared to shed light
upon it.
Mr. SHIELDS. I really believe that I shall
not be able to give the honorable Senator the in-
formation which he seeks; because, in my humble
opinion, the information should come from theside
which asks the change. There ought to be reasons
shown for the necessity of the change before it
is proposed. This is a radical change so far as
this single branch of the service is concerned. So
far as the parties who seek the change are con-
cerned, they have never yet given me any reason
for it. I have never heard any. I can state this,
however, that of the whole public service, military
or naval, so far as I am acquainted with it, no por-
tion has been managed as intelligently, wisely, and
frugally as this portion which is intended to be
changed by the provision which has come to us
from the House. There is but one feeling in the
Army on that point, so far as I understand it. So
much so, that no military officer, Secretary of
War, or President, has ever yet made a recom-
mendation to change the armories from military to
civil superintendence. On the contrary, every ap-
plication of the kind that has been made to the
War Department has been resisted, on the ground
that this branch of the service was most faithfully
performed by the officers who were in ch;' rge of
it. Consequently, for my life I cannot sie any
other object in this change than this, that, there
are some men who prefer getting these places for
themselves: they want to get the charge of these
armories, and to turn out the officers who now
have charge of them.
That this change will be a disadvantage to the
military service, I am ascertain in my own mind,
as I am of my own existence. It will be detri-
mental to the economy, and to the efficiency of
this branch of the service. That it may be an
advantage to speculators who intend to convert
these armories into a matter of speculation, I am
also satisfied. They have an interest in this prop-
osition, and I think that is the interest which has
pressed this matter.
I should like to know upon what ground the
armories are to be taken out of the control of the
Ordnance Bureau. Since they have been under
the control of that bureau, they have been con-
fessedly well managed. Why should they be
taken from it, and placed under the control of men,
we know not who ? There is no charge, as I un-
derstand, against the fidelity, the honesty, the ca-
pability, or the efficiency, of the present officers.
On the contrary, this is, of all other branches of
the'public service, that which is best managed, so
far as I understand. It is confessed by everybody
that it never was so well managed as it has been
under the superintendence of the Ordnance Corps.
It was under the superintendence of civilians for-
merly, but the Department was compelled to make
a change. Since then it has been retained in the
Ordnance Corps, under Whig and under Demo-
cratic administrations; and for the simple reasons
that these men in the position which they occupy
resist every attempt to introduce speculation and
wild expenditures. I should regret very much to
see any change made for the reason that I see no
necessity in the world for it; but on the contrary,
if the change is made, I, for one, will go in to
abolish the armories altogether, and keep them out
of this vortex into which I see they are about to
be plunged. If we are to adopt the proposed
change, let us have the matter open to competition
all over the country. Let us purchase our arms
wherever we can find them, purchase the best and
the cheapest, for I see what is coming. If this
change be made, there is not a new project for
arms of any kind which will not be before us ask-
ing for appropriations at the next session.
Mr. MILLER. Mr. President, I am in favor
of the amendment proposed by the Senator from
Illinois. As the law now stands, the armories are
under the superintendence of gentlemen of great
skill and of high character. I speak particularly
of the armory at Springfield. The armories are
under the control and supervision of officers of the
Ordnance Corps. It is proposed by the bill as it
came from the House, to take the armories away
from military superintendence and transfer them to
civil superintendence. I have heard no reason
assigned, in the Senate cr out of the Senate, or
in committee, except an objection to the super-
intendence of one of these armories. There has
been no general principle of objection urged, and
if we now depart from the policy heretofore adopt-
ed in regard to the armories, I do not see why we
should not carry the change to the extent indicated
by the Senator from New Hampshire. If the
armories are to be managed by civilians, and not
by persons who are presumed, by reason of their
professional education, to have better knowledge
for the purpose of constructing arms, I do not
see why the principle should not be carried into
the navy-yards, and all other matters connected
either with the Army or Navy. The Senate will
see at once, that if we proceed to establish this as
a principle, it will be impossible to prevent us
from carrying it on throughout the other depart-
ments.
I understand that the armories are now conduct-
ed with great skill; that the work is performed with
much economy and with great satisfaction to the
Department. I cannot, therefore, conceive of any
reason why we should change the system, unless
it be the one which I have heard assigned, that
; the Workmen in the armories should be relieved
from what they call military superintendence.
That is the only reason that has been assigned,
and that reason will apply to all matters connected
i. with the Army and Navy. If it be adopted as a
