796
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 23,
It seems to me that the amendment is nugatory,
and can lead to no good result. I was in hopes
that the Committee on Military Affairs would
bring forward something like that which they pro-
posed last year, and that was that the Secretary
of War should appoint a board of officers. I
hoped that the committee would have asked for
an appropriation to pay the claims which that
Board might deem just, subject of course to the
revision of the Secretary of War. But the pres-
ent amendment, it seems to me, is entirely nuga-
tory and useless.
Mr. BORLAND. The remarks of the Senator
from California, that this amendment is inefficient
and nugatory in its character, can only be sus-
tained upon the supposition that the Secretary of
War will be inefficent and incompetent to perform
the duties of his office.
Mr. GWIN. By no means.
Mr. BORLAND. The committee examined
the matter thoroughly, and for the purpose of giv-
ing the greatest efficiency to this provision, and
to meet the views of the Senator from Califor-
nia as far as possible, adopted the terms of this
amendment. A Board was appointed by an act
passed at the last session. The Board had been
sitting and adjudicating the claims; and as is
usual, when Congress undertakes to administer
the laws, as well as to pass them, very little has
been done. To obviate all difficulty, and to put
it entirely at the discretion of the Secretary of
War, in whom we are disposed in advance to
Elace confidence, as well in his intelligence as in
is fidelity, I think it will be sufficient for us to
adopt this provision, conferring upon him the gen-
eral power, and making it his general duty to
adopt whatever measures, in his discretion and
judgment, may be proper to accomplish that ob-
ject; putting upon him the restriction that he shall
not pay anything now, but shall wait until at the
next session, after we have procured all this in-
formation, we make the appropriation. The ob-
ject is to enable him, by the best means in his
power, to obtain the necessary information and
lay it before Congress at the next session, and
then we can make such an appropriation as his
investigation and ascertainment of the facts may
show to be necessary. Now, if this amendment
be inefficient and nugatory in its character, I re-
peat, it is only so because the individual who will
be at the head of the War Department will be in-
competent or unfaithful in the performance of his
duty.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope we shall have a vote
upon the amendment, and make progress with the
bill.
Mr. SHIELDS. There is only one point that
requires any consideration. The honorable Sen-
ator from California perhaps may be right in one
particular; it may be necessary to make some ap-
propriation to enable the Secretary of War to
carry the object into effect. My intention was
that he should employ the officers of the United
States Army in California, and that it could be
done without any additional expense. I thought
an officer in California, now in the employ of the
Government, could receive this testimony and act
upon it, and send it to the War Department, have
it examined there, and then referred to us. But
if it is thought that an appropriation is necessary
for that purpose, we can very easily make it.
Mr. GWIN. These officers ought certainly to
have their traveling expenses paid. They ought j
to call witnesses, and swear those witnesses; and I
they ought to get something substantial as the re-
sult of the examination. If the Senator will ask 1
for an appropriation of $10,000, or something of :
that sort, to meet the contingent expenses of the
commission, I am willing that the matter should j
come bnck to Congress.
Mr. WALKER, If I remember when this j
case was first up, I then suggested the peculiarity
presented by it; that in almost all other claims
which had ever existed against the Government, 1
we found that the claimants were here soon enough
without an appropriation to hunt them up. I
think so yet. I think these claims will reach us
quite Boon enough; and when they come, and are
substantiated as other claims, it will then be the
duty of Congress to pay them. I must say, how- :
ever, that I agree with the Senator from California,
that if we are to hunt up these claims, this provision
teems to me entirely inefficient, and we had better
adopt none at all. I think we had better adopt
none, any how, rather than adopt any which have
' been suggested; for if these persons have claims
against the Government, it appears to me they
will be here soon enough; and it is mostastonish-
ing that they have not yet been here.
Mr. GWIN. They have been here for seven
years.
Mr. WALKER. They have been herein this
way: We have been asked to appoint commis-
sions, to send out and travel over California, and
adjudicate the claims; to hunt them up at the pub-
lic expense. Nearly all other claimants, even the
claimants for French spoliations, and claimants
of various other descriptions of equal, if not of
greater magnitude, are thrown upon their own
private resources to make manifest the justice of
their claims to Congress, to establish them here,
and then if we think them just, we vote for their
payment.
Mr. SHIELDS. The honorable Senator is
wholly mistaken about one thing, and that is the
fact of the case. These claims are all now here in
Washington. They were sent here long ago.
They have even been presented to this body by a
call upon the Department, and I dare say have
been laid upon the Senator's desk. The only ob-
ject of this amendment is to ascertain how many
of the claims are just and how many unjust.
To ascertain that fact there must be some investi-
gation in California, and this amendment author-
izes the Secretary of War to make that investiga-
tion in the manner which he may deem most safe
and most wise underthe circumstances. We have
been perplexed in regard to the matter. A "Board
was appointed for the purpose. The Board sat
here in Washington, but could not obtain the ne-
cessary testimony—for that is in California—to
show what claims this Government ought to pay. j
Therefore, for the safety of the Government, it is 1
necessary that some agent should go to California I
for this purpose. I
Mr. WELLER. I see no necessity for the i
appointment of military officers, in order to inves- '
tigate these claims. I think it would have been j
much better, not only for the claimants, but for
the Government, that this Board should be created I
of civilians; that some persons should be appointed !!
whose duty it should be to inquire into all the facts
j connected with each of the claims, and hear the
testimony which the claimant himself had to pre-
sent in favor of its justice. As my colleague has
remarked, this amendment amounts to nothing on
account of the want of an appropriation. I prefer
that this Board should be composed of civilians, i
The claims are for a large amount against the
Government, in consequence of debts incurred by
the Army of the United States. You sent your
army to California, under the command of certain
officers. In order to sustain that army, those
officers were necessarily compelled to purchase
i provisions and supplies of various kinds. Now,
it would be very unjust to compel these claimants
to come here with the proof necessary to justify
Congress in the passage of an act for their relief.
1 think the proper course is to send a commission
into that country, where they can have an oppor- I
tunity of sifting those claims, and determining j
what amount is equitable and what is unjust. I
have no doubt that claims will be presented which
will have no foundation whatever in equity; but
that fact cannot be ascertained, except by the ap- i
pointment of officers for the purpose of ascertain-
ing them. For that reason, I ask the Senator ,
from Illinois so to change his amendment as to ■
direct the Secretary of War to send a commission
into that country to investigate the matter. '
I should be unwilling, for myself, to vote for an
appropriation to pay the claims until they had
been passed upon by some honest and reputable
men, for 1 know there are some unjust claims which
will be presented. The existence of the claims
has affected, to a very considerable extent, the
credit of the Government in California, especially
amongthe natives of that country. I labored under
an embarrassment myself when I was the Bound-
ary Commissioner, growing out of a want of con-
fidence, especially on the part of the natives of the
country, in the Government. They have got the
idea that it will not comply with its contracts, and
I think this idea should be dispelled.
Mr. SHIELDS. I wish to repeat that the only ;
object of this amendment is to have the question
investigated by the Secretary of War, and some
agent whom he may send to California for the ,
purpose. I think the amendment will accomplish
that object, and all that is necessary is to make
an appropriation to carry it out. What appro-
priation will the honorable Senator from California,
think necessary ?
Mr. GWIN. Ten thousand dollars.
Mr. SHIELDS. I modify the amendment,
then, by adding to it the following:
And that, for the purpose of carrying this provision into
effect, the sum often thousand dollars be, and the same is
hereby, appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated.
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
Mr. SHIELDS. My next amendment is to
insert an additional section:
Sec. —. Jlnd be it further enacted, That for the payment
of claims against the United States for funds advauced, and
subsistence and supplies of all kinds furnished or taken
for the uae of the command of Captain John C. Fremont,
Whilst he was engaged in the public service in California
during the year 1846, as favorably reported upon by the
Board of Commissioners appointed under the nxth section
ofthe act making appropriationstor the supportofthe Army,
approved August 31,1852, the sum of $31,017 22^ is here-
by appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated.
I would explain that this is the amount which
has already been approved by the Board which
was appointed under the act of the last session.
They have definitively allowed that amount, and
we have taken up their report, and accepted what
they have done, and propose to make an appro-
priation to pay the amount.
Mr. GWIN. Last session we made an appro-
priation of $170,000 to pay for the men who served
an California, and such claims as might be favor-
ably adjudicated upon by this Board. What has
! become of that appropriation ? I am sure that it
!| has not been exhausted. Why should not these
l claims be paid out of that appropriation? We
j| have appropriated $168,000 for the payment ofthe
men on the muster-rolls, and $2,000 for the ex-
] penses of the Board. The amount due, accord-
ing to the pay-rolls, was only $101,000. The
balance of the appropriation is still outstanding,
, and why ought not the amount be paid out of
that?
Mr. SHIELDS. That appropriation, I under-
1 stand, was to pay the troops.
Mr. GWIN. And the claims. It was accord-
ing to the estimate of the Department. One hun-
dred and one thousand dollars was the estimate
for the pay-roll, and $67,000 for claims then on
file, making altogether $168,000, to which we added
$2,000 for the expenses of the Board. That ap-
propriation is now outstanding, with the excep-
tion of $101,000, which has been paid.
Mr. SHIELDS. Does the honorable Senator
object to the appropriation?
Mr. GWIN. Not at all. Perhaps it may be
necessary to reappropriate this sum. It may have
gone to the surplus fund. I make no objection.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHIELDS. The next amendment which
I have1 to offer is to add to that which has just
been adopted these words:
And that the troops enlisted or enrolled in California
under the direction of the military and naval officers, shall
have all the benefits of all acts of Congress in favor of the
troops engaged in the war with Mexico.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHIELDS. My next amendment is one
which has been recommended by the Department,
and which will speak for itself. It is to insert the
following proviso:
Provided, That the assistants on duty in the Quartermas-
ter General's Office, and the assistants on duty in the other
bureaus in the War Department, shall receive a compensa-
tion not less than that of the assistant in the Ordnance Bu-
reau of the War Department, under the first section of the
act approved September 28, 1830, and from the same date.
Mr. HUNTER. I should like to understand
the effect of this amendment. How much is it to
increase their pay ?
IVIr. SHIELDS. It makes the salary of these
officers about $1,450 per year. The salary of one
has been increased, but the others who occupy
similar positions, have not received the benefit of
that increase. This amendment is offered on the
recommendation of the Department in favor of
making them all equal. It gives them all a salary
of about $1,450.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. SHIELDS. I offer the following as an ad-
ditional section:
®EC- —• be it further enacted. That the Secretary
