1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
?97
of War cause to be paid, out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated, to Richard B. Lee, late com- [
missary of the Pacific division of the Army, the sum of I
$1)175, with interest from the 9th day of June. 1850, being for !
money lost in being transported from Honolulu to San Fran-
cisco under his charge, and for which he has accounted to
the Department, and which sum includes the expense in-
curred in efforts to recover the same.
If there is any objection to this amendment 
Mr. ADAMS. Nobody objects to it. It has
been once investigated, and the bill passed the
Senate with no objection.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHIELDS. The next amendment I have
is to add after the appropriations for the Army,
the following clause:
For the remounting of four companies of light artillery,
authorized by the act of March 3,1847, $18,500: Provided,
That the same be expended at the discretion and by the di-
rection of the President of the United StateB.
Mr. HUNTER. I would inquire whether there
is any estimate or recommendation from the De-
partment for that?
Mr. SHIELDS. There is no estimate and no
recommendation for it, but there is a general law
authorizing the President to remount these com-
panies. Four of them are now mounted, and there
are four more to be mounted, and the object of the
amendment is to enable the President, ifhe thinks
it necessary for the service, to remount these ad-
ditional four companies. It leaves it altogether to
the discretion of the President. I
Mr. HUNTER. I do not understand that the ;
Department asks for the discretion; and it seems !
to me that the effect of it will be that this will be 1
taken as an indication of the wish of Congress
that these companies should be remounted, and it
will be done. They were dismounted, I presume,
for some good reason, and until it appears that
they were improperly dismounted, it seems to me
that we ought not to be making provisions for in-
creasing the expenditure in this way.
Mr. SHIELDS. I would rather lose these
amendments than consume the time of the Senate
with them; but I will state that the only reason for
which these companies were dismounted was the
want of this appropriation. These companies are
companies of light artillery, which is perhaps the
moat serviceable arm we have .in the service, and
the most difficult-to be kept up. The only thing
I care about in reference to the Army is to keep up
our artillery and our necessary fortifications; the
rest we can easily accomplish. We need not take
special care of our cavalry and infantry, for every
man is a soldier in this country. But not so the
artillery; that is an arm of the service which must
be kept up, and kept up constantly, or it goes down
forever. For want of this appropriation, the De-
partment was compelled to dismount these men.
The object is to give power to remount them if it
should be thought proper to do so.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHIELDS. I wish now to offer an amend-
ment to provide for the national defenses. I have
come to the conclusion that the only way in which
we can accomplish that great object is to attach
it to this bill. If we do not amend this bill in that
way, we may as well abandon the whole system.
I will state that I have selected, on consultation
with the Department of course, the important
points, commencing at California, then the Florida
Keys, then Georgia, then South Carolina, then
Maryland, then Delaware, then Massachusetts,
and finally Maine. The amendment which I wish
to offer is to make the following appropriations:
For the defense of San Francisco, California, $500,000.
For continuing the defenses at the following places, viz:
Florida—Fort Jefferson, at Garden Keys, or TorttJgas
Island, $100,000;
Florida—Fort Taylor, Key West, $75,000 j
Georgia—Fort Pulaski, including barracks and quarters,
$20,000;
South Carolina—Fort Sumter, Charleston harbor,
Sill,000;
Maryland—Fort Carroll, Boiler's Point, Baltimore harbor
$50,000;
Delaware—Fort Delaware, Pea Patch Island, Delaware
river, $150,000;
Massachusetts—Fort Warren, Boston harbor, $45,000;
Maine—Fort Knox, Penobscot river, $55,000;
Massachusetts—Fort Winthrop, Governor's Island, Bos-
ton, $29,573.
Mr. HUNTER. I understand that this is an
effort tb fasten a fortification bill upon the Army
appropriations. I say here that for one I am no
enemy to a system of fortifications. I shall vote
for a system when a bill shall be brought up for
that purpose; but I fear that if we commence
this contested question—for it is contested—upon
the Army appropriation bill, it will be a long
time before we shall see an end of it. I believe
something ought to be appropriated for the fortifi-
cations of the country. 1 am willing to do so. I am
willing to vote for a general bill for that purpose;
but if we attempt to proceed with this subject
partially in this manner, we shall be engaged in a
long debate, and it will result in nothing but em-
barrassment to the bill.
Mr. GWIN. Mr. President, I hope that that
amendment will be adopted. I cannot see what
use we have for an army, if it is not to defend
the country; and I do not see what good the army
can do in California, if you have no defenses
there, in the harbor of San Francisco, to drive off
an enemy who may come to attack it. We have
no interior enemies that we are under any appre-
hension of, but in the harbor of San Francisco,
which by this amendment it is proposed to fortify,
there is not now a single mounted gun to defend us
from hostile attacks. We are shipping a hundred
millions of gold annually through it; and there
are points on that harbor than which there cannot
be found better sites in the world for fortifications.
As it is now, a single ship of«war can shut up
that harbor, or enter it and levy contributions upon
San Francisco and the whole country. The ques-
tion is now presented whether you will fortify
that coast and that harbor or not.
After what occurred here within the last two or
three days, it becomes a very serious question
whether this Government will defend the Pacific
possessions of the United States. It has been very
clearly decided here that, for the present at least,
we are to have no internal communication between
that section of the Union and this. If we are to have
no internal communication, I should like to know
whether it is the determination of this Government
to give us any defense at all against a foreign en-
emy ? I hope the whole amendment will be adopt-
ed, but I shall aslrfor a separate vote at least upon
the proposition for fortifying the harbor of San
Francisco.'
Mr. SHIELDS. In this amendment we have
selected the points where defense is indispensable.
First, California; then thejkeys of Florida, which,
next to the harbor of San Francisco, is the most
important position on this continent, commanding
the whole commerce of the Gulf stream, and, in
fact, I might say the keys of the South; for with
fortifications there, that portion of our coast will,
I apprehend, be better protected than any other.
Yet, sir, these works have been commenced, and
nearly prosecuted to completion, but, in our usual
way, when we found that the work was expen-
sive, we abandoned it, so what has been so far
done on Forts Jefferson and Taylor is good for
nothing. Those are the two forts at the Florida
keys.; I will not argue this question. Every
man who knows this country knows that these
are necessary points for defense. Next is Fort
Pulaski, in Georgia; next Charleston, in. South
Carolina; next Fort Carroll, in Maryland; next
Fort Delaware, in Delaware. I need not ex-
plain that appropriation. The Senator from Del-
aware [Mr. Bayard] at the last session made
an effort to include this fort, but it failed. He
showed then that Philadelphia was exposed to an
attack from any little contemptible maritimetpower.
It has no defense whatever now. Then comes
Massachusetts, and then Maine. We have se-
lected merely those points where every man knows
there ought to be defenses, if we are to have any
at all. The whole amount of the amendment is
but little more than a million of dollars. It is too
little. The only regret I have is that it is so
small and so inadequate, and nothing would have
induced me to bring it forward but the absolute
necessity of defending these points in any case.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Badger
iff the chair.) Does the Chair understand the
Senator from California to call for a separate vote
on the first clause of the amendment ?
Mr. GWIN. I am willing to take a vote on
all together, if we can get them all in.
Mr. SHIELDS. I prefer that the vote shall be
taken on the whole amendment together.
Mr. GWIN. If this amendment should be re-
jected, I wish to know if it will be in order for
me to offer the first clause as a separate amend-
ntent ^
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair so
understands it.
Mr. HUNTER. As I said before, I believe*
we ought to pass some fortification bill. I do not
believe that after commencing such a system of
fortifications as we have commenced, we ought to
abandon it, except for some better reasons than
have yet been given. What I suggested was, that
there was a difficulty in meddling with the subject
in this piece-meal manner.
Unless we have a general system, those portions
of the country not included in the amendment
might think they had good reason to complain of
it. Perhaps there are special cases which wilt
form an exception. I believe that, in relation to
these islands in the sea, which command the com-
merce of the Union, they would constitute an ex-
ception. We have done nothing towards defend-
ing that coast, and 1 believe we ought to do some-
thing; but it seems to me that there is a difficulty
in commencing without estimates, without plans,
without knowing what we are doing. How can
we tell now how long it will take to fortify the
harbor of San Francisco?
Mr. SHIELDS. 1 wish to correct the honor-
able Senator. These sums are according to the
estimates of the Department for these particular
works. These works are not only estimated for,
but they have been selected as those of the first
necessity. A great many others ought also to be
constructed, but theBe are of the first necessity,
and the amounts in the amendment correspond
precisely with the estimates recommended by the
Department.
Mr. GWIN. I would state to the Senate, fur-
thermore, that in regard to theharborof San Fran-
cisco, the estimates have been prepared with ex-
traordinary care. There has been a board of
officers sitting for a great length of time preparing
the estimates, and they have done the work very
well.
Mr. MALLORY. I will say to the Senate, that
we have, in answer to a call made on the War
Department, all the information upon the subject
of the two particular fortifications at the Tortu-
gas, and the answer of the Department showg this
extraordinary fact, that in consequence of the man-
ner in which these appropriations have been dealt
out, by a single storm $50,000 were lost upon
Fort Taylor. No appropriation has been made
for these works for the last two years. "All the
preparatory works, which are necessarily very ex-
pensive—for the fort stands at least one thousand
yards in the sea, in eight feet water—will prob-
ably be rendered entirely useless, if this appropri-
ation be longer delayed. These two works stand
at least one hundred and fifty miles from any in-
habited portion of the State of Florida; they are
emphatically islands in the sea, and they are really
the left bank of the Mississippi. In sight of these
two points now pass some four hundred millions
of dollars' worth of our property annually, and
almost every day of the year there are from fifty
to one hundred vessels in sight of these positions.
These two points have been selected by the War
Department as deserving especial and particular
notice. No system of fortifications can pass
through Congress at this moment. It is perfectly
out of the question to suppose so. We are not
prepared for it. The other branch of Congress is
decidedly opposed to it, and has manifested that
opposition in a most decided manner. But why
should we refrain from voting for those forts, the
non-completion of which every discerning mind
in this country sees must, upon the very first rup-
ture with any commercial nation, be to us the
greatest loss we could possibly sustain ?
Mr. GWIN. As this is a most important ques-
tion, and as I do not think the Senate has yet fully
understood it, I should like to have the yeas and
nays upon the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HUNTER. I mere
   merely rise to say that, as
I understand from the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, this is an estimate of the
Department, and they have selected these as the
important points, I am willing to vote for the
amendment. ,
Mr. CHASE. The purpose and effect of this
amendment will be to introduce a system of forti-
fications into the Army appropriation bill, as has
been remarked by the Senator from Virginia.
The arguments which have been urged by the
Senator from California and the Senator *r011®.
Florida, relate to two of the most important and
probably most exposed points in the country, and
