1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
780
inmiKh a majority of the Senate, b  disa-
(wmmi aa to details, have determined that we
shall have no railroad bill during this session, I
feel mysell constrained to brinj forward thia prop- '
osition; and I do it with great distrust, under the
belief that injury may result from it. 1 am not
•t all satisfied that we ever can get a national rail-
road on any particular route to be designated by
C«ogr«m, because those aecu'ona of the country
that are rejected in the report that may be made
tn Congress will, by combining, prevent the es-
tablishment of any road. But, air, in the faint
hope that some good may result, 1 have offered
this amendment.
Mr. HROOHEAD. Mr. President, this is a
proposition which I submitted the other day aa a
substitute for the Pacific railroad bill. I then
stated that it was in my judgment the only prac-
ticable measure which could be adopted at the
preaent session. I am very glad that the honor-
able Senator from California, who resisted it at that
time with ao much vehemence, has come pretty
nearly to the same conclusion to which 1 came at
the commencement of the debate.
Mr. GW1N. Not at all. I am against it aa a
substitute to a railroad bill.
Mr. BRODHEAD. If the honorable Senator
is against it at this time, he should not hare pre-
sented it to the Senate. I intended myself to olfer
it u an amendment.
Mr. GVVIN. Mr. President, a drowning man
will catch at straws. We need in my part of the
country a connection by railroad with the Atlantic
coast. I do not want to take the credit of this
proposition. I shall never ask any of the credit
liar offering it; but I am required, coming from the
section of the Union whence I do come, to resort
to any expedient to establish thia connection, al-
though I do aot think this is the proper plan.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I am not complaining of
my honorable fnend from California; I am only
expressing the hope that now that the amend-
ment baa his support, it will be adopted. It is the
only practicable mode—it is the only sensible
aaode, permit me to aay, to commence the build-
ing and construction of a railroad from the Mis-
aiaaippi valley to the Pacific ocean, and 1 there-
fore hope it may be adopted. But I beg to sug-
to my honorable friend from California a
Modification of it; to appropriate $200,000, instead
of §160,000, for the explorations and surveys. I
think that sum may be required.
Mr. G WIN. I agree to that.
Mr. HUNTER. I think 1 see in this the com- ,
weneement of a system of legislation that will be
calculated to swamp our appropriation bills. Why, ;
sir, an appropriation bill is a bill for which every- ;
body may vote—persona of all caste* and shades |
of constitutional opinion. But if we insist upon ,
adding to such bills controverted questions of this 1
character, and put upon them these internal im-
Erovementa, how long will it be before we shall
ave the river and harbor bill put upon an appro-
priation bill ? How long will it be before we shall
find a majority i n one or the other of these Houses
using thenppropriation bills aaa mean* of coercing
their measures through both Houses? It seems
to me that it would be much better to confine le-
gislation of this character to separate and single
bills; because, if we go on in this way, the result
will be, upon some future occasion, that you will
find members forced to vote against the necessary
supplies for the Government, or else bound to
take things which they believe to be contrary to ,
the Constitution of the land. Everybody ought .
to be privileged to vote for an appropriation bill.
How can thai be the ease if we put upon those .
bills measures in relation to which there are such
serious difference* of opinion? This was a very
good amendment to the Pacific railroad bill, but I
submit it to the Senate to say whether it be proper
to an appropriation of this character.
Mr. UW1N. A similar appropriation was
made in ld49, and went to the surplus fund, for I ,
am sorry to say this Administration did not use
it. It is an old system of appropriating for recon-
noissances of this description in the Army appro-
priation bill. There is nothing new about it.
Mr. HUNTER. There is this new in it: Here*
tofore we may have provided in these bills for
military reconnoissances, but this is the first m-
atancs I have known in which we have put upon
an appropriation bill a proposition for • survey for
a railroad. That is the object and that is the
design of the measure of the Senator from Califor-
nia. Persons of all shades of political opinion be-
lieve in the power to make military reconnois-
sauces and military roads—roads necessary for
that purpose alone; but we do know that there is '
a difference of opinion in relation to thia matter.
Why, then, inaiat on ingrafting it upon this ap-
propriation bill, especially when the Senator from
California says he is doubtful whether it will ac-
complish the object or not? He doubts whether
he may not be defeating his own purpose. If he
is ao doubtful whether it may do any good, why
force other Senators, who wish to be disembar-
rassed on this question in voting on the appropri-
ation bills, to consider it ?
Mr. BORLAND. The project of getting a rail-
road to the Pacific seems to be one of the moat
unfortunate that was ever presented to the Senate.
Objections of the most extraordinary character are
made to it. The other day, when it waa proposed
to make a railroad, the Senator from Virginia
raised a great many objections, and he then went
cordially with the Senator from Pennsylvania for
this other proposition. It was perfectly constitu-
tional then.
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator will allow me
to say that he is mistaken. I never did, and he
cannot find that I ever did, say anything of the
sort. I said, it seemed to me inexpedient to make
a railroad without a survey; but I never did say
that i would vote even for a survey.
Mr. BORLAND. I apprehend the Senator
voted for that proposition.
Mr. HUNTER. I voted for it as an amend-
ment to the other bill, but I never pledged myself
to vote for it as a separate and specific measure.
Mr. BORLAND. 1 suppose it results from the
argument of the Senator the other day, that he is
opposed to making any railroad from the Missis-
sippi to the Pacific. I inferred that from his argu-
ment; but I did think that he voted for this propo-
sition then, for the purpose of defeating the Pacific
railroad, and by so doing, he would be so far
committed to it that if it should ever come up as
a separate proposition, we should have his vote.
It was met by one kind of objection yesterday,
and by another kind to-day, and I begin to fear it
is not within the power of any friend of the meas-
ure in this body, or elsewhere, to devise a scheme
that will ever commend itself to the favorable con-
sideration of some of the members of this body.
Sir, this is not a new proposition. It has been
an unsuccessful one heretofore I admit, but it is
not a new one. I have been in the habit a great
deal, so far as constitutional power is concerned,
to defer—I did it in his lifetime, and I am as much
disposed now that be is dead—to defer to the late
distinguished Senator from South Carolina, (Mr.
Calhoun.) I never found him going further than
1 thought wo might safely go in the exercise of
the powers of this Government. It so happened
that in 1848, when Whitney's railroad project
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands,
the subject was given to me as a sub-committee
to report upon. After consultation, the committee
came to the conclusion to reject the proposition;
but we proposed to require a survey of the country.
Being new here then, and more inexperienced than
I am now—and I have now little experience
enough—I made it my business to go to Mr. Cal-
houn, and consult him on the subject. With his
assistance I drew up a series of resolutions em-
bodying the substance of this amendment which
is now offered. 1 reported them to the Senate from
the Committeeon Public Lands. They were never
brought to a vote. The circumstances were un-
favorable at the time; the session was drawing to
a close, and we never had a vote upon the resolu-
tions.
I wished to mention thia to show that in going
for this proposition now, I am going for nothing
new, and that I am fully sustained by the author-
ity of that distinguished man, who was quoted in
his lifetime, and who is quoted now since his death,
as authority for a strict construction of the Con-
[ slitution. ...
Mr. HUNTER. I rise to a question of order.
| I wish to know whether this amendment is in or-
der wider the rule ? _
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Badger
in the chair.) The Chair is of opinion, from an
explanation ^itcn of it by the Senator from Cali-
fornia, that the amendment is not in order. It
proposes an additional appropriation to this bill,
and unt^pr.the rule of the Senate no such proposi-
tion can be received " unless it be made to curry
' out the provisions of some existing law, or some
' act or resolution previously passed by the Senate
1 during that session, or moved by the direction of
4 a atanding committee of the Senate, or in pursu-
' ance of an estimate from the head of some of the
' Departments."
I do not understand that this amendment comes
under any of these heads, and therefore it does not
seem to me to be in order.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. That takes the salt out
of my fish. [Laughter,] I wantfG very much to
say that I was surprised that my friend from Vir-
ginia could not vote for an amendment of this sort,
for I have a distinct recollection that he was for a
proposition last year for an appropriation to ex-
plore the northern Pacific ocean.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
would inform the honorable Senator that there is
no question before the Senate except on the bill
generally.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I was afraid that my
speech would be cut off.
Mr. PHELPS. I have an amendment to offer,
to come in at the end of the sixth section:
And that the Secretary of the Treasury be, and he is
hereby, directed to piiy tn Benjamin S. Roberts, out of any
money in Ihe Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the full
amount of his pay and subsistence as a second lieutenant
in the first regiment of dragoons, from the SHIh day of
January, 1831), when he was coerced to resign his com-
mission of second lieutenant in the first renment of dra-
goons, without authority ot'law, until the 27th day of May,
1A46, when he was restored to the Arinv, by being appointed
senior first lieutenant in the regiment of mounted riflemen.
Mr. HUNTER. Is that amendment in order?
Is it not a private claim ?
Mr. PHELPS. 1 would explain to the Sen-
ator from Virginia that this amendment is in the
very terms of a bill which has already passed the
Senate, and which is now lying upon the Speaker's
table in the House. I am not disposed to go into
an explanation of the claim at all, aa it has already
received the sanction of the Senate.
Mr. HUNTER. Perhaps the Senator from
Vermont is not aware that the rule prohibits any
private claim to a general appropriation bill.
Mr. PHELPS. I understood that it did not
apply where a bill for the object had previously
passed the Senate at that session.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The rule is,
tjiat " no amendment shall be received whose ob-
'ject is to provide for a private claim, although
• the same may have been previously sanctioned
' by the Senate." Therefore, in the opinion of
the Chair, the amendment is not in order.
Mr. PHELPS. Then I had mistaken the rule.
Mr. MALLORY. I offer the following amend-
ment as an additional section:
Sue.—. *fnih  it further enacted, That for removing
the Indisat from Fiorina, the President of the United State*
be authorized tn call into service so much of the volunteer
force raised by the last General Assembly of Florida, and
I under soch conditions as he may deem necessary.
Mr. President, I will say to the Senate that
there is now a remnant of Indians remaining in
Florida, which remnant is bound by the treaty r>f
Payne's Landing to go to the lands assigned the
, tribe in the West, and which remnant made a
special agreement with the President of the United
1 States, last September, to go there. Efforts have
! been made to remove them peaceably by buying
1 them off, but the special agent of Government has
i entirely failed in his efforts to remove them. It
I is impossible that these Indians should longer con 
! tinue in the State of Florida at peace with the
| border settlements, and the probability is that hos-
tilities will commence in the coming spring If so,
; the fear is that the Indians may be entirely anni-
' hilated.
I am not aware that the President has any power
to call out the militia of the State to remove a
body of Indians in conformity with their treaty
stipulations. He has the power to call out the
militia to suppress insurrections, and to repel in-
vasions, but not to remove these Indians. This
amendment simply provides that he may call out,
if he pleases, any portion of the militia of the
State under any conditions that he may thii k
proper to accomplish that object. You will gain
by this operation this advantage: if the militia
snail be called out by the State authorities, as a
matter of course the Federal Government will be
looked to to foot the bill
Mr. HUNTER. I would ask the Senator
