THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON. D. fi.
32d Congress, 8n Session.
TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1853.
New Series....No. 51.
Mr. HALE. If I understand the object of this
amendment, it is to produce a moral impression
on Billy Bowlegs. [Laughter.] I am opposed
to it. There are about one hundred of these war-
riors, all told. I suppose that in my country we
would take out a warrant before a justice of the
peace and send the constable after them, and he
would take care of them. If it be necessary to
call out any portion of the forces of Florida, I
would call out that portion with which General
Jackson said he could have ended the Florida war
in six months, and I think the Senator from Flor-
ida knows what that was.
Mr. BUTLER. What was it?
Mr. HALE. He said that if you would give
him an army of old women he would end that war
in six months. [Laughter.] 1 think this is what
they vulgarly call running the thing into the
ground; and I would elucidate the matter if I did
not see that the Senator from Virginia [Mr. Hun-
tee.] was looking so distressingly at hearing so
tnany speeches. I confess I have been illumin-
ated by the speeches we have had here to-day. I
have listened with a great deal of pleasure to the
remarks of Senators, particularly those of the Sen-
ator from Arkansas. But I will not detain the
Senate, and I hope that now, as we have said
enough, we shall have a vote. I am decidedly
opposed to the whole of this thing. I do not
think you will produce any moral impression on
Billy Bowlegs! The next thing will be that he
will be carrying on hostilities, and then we shall
have to declare that war exists by the act of Billy
Bowlegs, when in fact it will have been done by
our own act. [Laughter.] I hope the amendment
will not be adopted.
Several Senators, Question! Question!
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, I know that
no Senator will be alarmed, by.seeing me take the
floor, that the precious time of the Senate will be
consumed by a protracted speech. I wish this sub-
ject to be treated in a serious manner by the Senate.
By treaty stipulation, in 1832, the United States
entered into a solemn obligation to remove these
Indians from the State of Florida. AH that we
ask now, on the part of Florida, is, that they shall
be removed. However contemptible they may be
In number, they have defied all the armies ana all
the generals of the United States in their efforts to
remove them, from 1836 to 1842. There is a small
band now remaining. According to stipulations
entered into by General Worth, there were ar-
rangements made, by which a cordon of military
posts was established to protect the settlements
From the incursions and depredations of these In-
dians. Notwithstanding the fact that we had a
large military force there in 1849, they passed the
line and murdered many of our citizens. The
people of Florida call upon the General Govern-
ment to interfere and protect her citizens from the
murderous tomahawk of the Indian. Our women
and children have been slaughtered and murdered
by them, and we call upon the parent Government
to comply with its treaty stipulations and remove
these Indians.
• As to the point to which they are to be removed,
I know not and care hot. The established policy
of this Government for many years has been to
remove the Indians west of the Mississippi. I
can appreciate very well the feelings and senti-
ments of my friend from Arkansas. I know it is
a great annoyance and nuisance to any State to
have an Indian tribe upon its borders. All that
we ask is, that the Indians in our State shall be re-
moved according to treaty stipulations west of the
Mississippi, as those from the State of Alabama
and other States east of the Mississippi have been
removed. We ask the Government to comply
with the stipulations of the treaty, and that a
proper force shall be granted to enforce the re-
moval of the Indians. The people of Florida are
■willing to do it themselves, provided the United
States will foot the bill. We do not want your
regular troops. We only want that you shall give
authority to the President to call out the volunteers
of the State. I hope my colleague's amendment
'will be adopted.
51
Mr. SHIELDS. I merely wish to inquire
whether the President has not this power now,
without this enactment? Does this give him any
additional authority?
Mr. MALLORY. I should like to have the
question answered myself. I am unable to say.
By the Constitution, the President has a right to
call out certain forces in certain contingencies.
He is Commander-in-Chief of the Army and
Navy of the United States, and the Constitution
authorizes him to protect the States against inva-
sions or insurrections; but I do not know whether
or not the President has power to call out troops
to enforce the removal of Indians under treaty
stipulations. I have not found any such authori-
ty, and I do not think it exists.
Mr. RUSK. I move to amend the amendment,
by adding to it these words:
" And that the President be authorized to call out, in the
same manner, one regiment ofTexasmilitia,for the defense
of the frontiers of that State."
Mr. President, the Senator from Arkansas has
justly complained of the policy of the United
States in forcing all their Indians on the borders
of Arkansas. It is oppressive and annoying to
that State, beyond all question; but it has been
the settled policy of the Government. If, how-
ever, the Senator from Arkansas has a right to
complain, I have twice as much right to complain
as he has. Indians have been sent out for sixteen or
seventeen years past, and they have for that length
of time made war upon Texas. I am prepared to
Bhow, from the documents, that the United States
have permitted their Indians to go there in viola-
tion of the plain provisions of a treaty, requiring
them to restrain the Indians. A portion of these
Florida Indians were sent out a few years ago, to
their lands west of the Mississippi, under the lead
of the celebrated Wild Cat. The instant they
came there, they commenced depredations on the
State of Texas, and have continued them.
I have no objection to the removal of the Indians
from the State of Florida, but while you provide
for that removal by giving authority for calling
out troops for that purpose, give us upon the same
principles of justice, an opportunity of calling out
a regiment of Texan volunteers to defend our fron-
tiers, for they are not defended, and they have not
been defended since the annexation of Texas.
Sir, the honorable Senator from New Hampshire
seems to make himself witty over every subject,
and he seems to think that with a regiment of old
women be could soon drive Billy Bowlegs and his
Indians from Florida. I should like to see that
honorable Senator in command of such an army.
I will thank him kindly 'for taking command of it.
I will give him a gold medal if he succeeds. I'
will make him a better offer than that: He may
parade a regiment of men, just as good looking as
himself, and come in contact with Wild Cat and
the Camanches, and if he remains face to face
with them for two hours, and keeps his hair upon
his head, I will engage that the State of Texas—
yes, sir, the women and children exposed on the
frontier of that State to be massacred and mur-
dered by these very Indians—will give him a gold
medal for his services.
Mr. W ALKER. I do not understand the hon-
orable Senator from NewHampshire to propose to
whip the Indians depredating upon Texas with
that army of old women, but to whip these onfe
hundred Indians in Florida, about whom so much
fuss is made. That was all that I understood him
to throw out.
Mr. HALE. The idea was not original with
me.
Mr. WELLER. Mark it as a quotation.
[Laughter.]
Mr. WALKER. Butthepropositiftn madeby
the Senator was one which was really true. Now
I think the proposition of the Senator from Texas
is fair, and I believe, if any man in the Senate
would succeed in such a command, it would be
the Senator from New Hampshire, and that he,
with such a force, would succeed "in conquering
this hundred Seminoles in Florida. But, Mr.
President, I see in the original amendment, if 11
see anything at all, another Florida war; not that
the troops of the United States are unable to con-
•quer Billy Bowlegs and his troops, but that when
the fight is commenced it is not desirable to con-
quer them. There is not speculation enough in
the conquest, but it must be perpetuated—a war
longer than the revolutionary war must be kept
up, to do what? To conquer Billy Bowlegs and
Tustanega, and a few others. Not that I attribute
this motive to the Senators from Florida by no
means. Now, I will say what I think of this
matter. If Florida will go on, and, by the exer-
cise of her civil authority, take these Indians in
charge and remove them beyond her limits, as she
has a right to remove them, the Government of
the United States will foot the bill, if it is a fair
one; and that, too, without a provision of this
kind. I believe Florida is ambly able to do it.
Her Senators seem to hesitate about the matter,
, and to doubt whether the President has authority
to order out these troops now, and therefore they
want the authority of Congress for the purpose.
1 I do not believe that is necessary. I believe the
I question put by the honorable chairman of the
I Committee on Military Affairs is pregnant with
an affirmative. The President has now the pow-
er, if he is willing to exercise it; hut I do not
think the President has looked upon it as a matter
i of sufficient importance. I think that the gallant
I authorities of Florida should take the subject in
hand as a matter of execution of their own inter-
nal policy, and try to rid themselves of an evil
which must be an annoyance.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GWIN. We have aope Indians in my
State for which I should also like to provide, and
! therefore I have a very strong inclination to offer
the following amendment to the amendment:
" And that the President be also authorized to call out.
In the same manner, one regiment of California militia for
! the defense of the frontiers of that State."
Mr. DOUGLAS. I think the chairman of the
Committee on Territories will have to come in and
take care of his children, and therefore I shall
i have to move to insert " Utah, Minnesota, Ore-
gon, and New Mexico."
Mr. CASS. It will be found, on referring to
the law, that the President has full power to call
out any regular forces or militii. necessary to the
defense of any part of the Union. With respect
to Texas, therefore, it is wholly unnecessary in
any point of view. He has full and general au-
thority, under the Constitution and laws, if the
state Of things requires it, to call out the militia.
With respect to the authority, .it turns precisely
on this point: If the'Fforida Indians tfre in a state
of hostility, if the frontier is placed in a state of
danger, the President has power at all times to
call out the militia or regular troops. The ques-
tion whether we are willing under existing circum-
stances to interfere to remove these'Indians, I am
not now prepared to decide. If they are mere
wandering Indians, I am not now prepared to re-
move them. We have such Indians probably in
almost every State of the Union. We have almost
four times as many in Michigan, and I suppose
there are some in all the western States. There
are but three hundred of these Indians, I believe,
and that would give but between fifty and seventy-
five warriors, and I do not think that if they are
wandering Indians it would be necessary to de-
clare war upon them.
Mr. RUSK. As I understand from the honor-
able Senator from Michigan that the President lms
this authority already, I move to reconsider the
vote by which the amendment to the amendment
was agreed to.
Mr. MALLORY. I desire to say to the hon-
(jTable Senatorfrom Michigan, in reply to the re-
marks which he has made, that the Indians in
Florida are not now in a state of hostility, but
that they stand defying tfieauthority of the United
States, and preparing for hostilities. The special
agent has returned and reported his proceedings
to the President. A message of thePresidentupoii
the subject now lies upon- dur table. He says
that if Congress dete«nin«< that the Indians may
