802
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 23,
remain, he will let them remain; but if Congress j!
determines that the Indians shall remove in con-
formity to the treaty, then he wishes the action of
Congress.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to, and
the question recurred on the amendment of Mr.
Resk to the amendment of Mr. Mallory.
Mr. MORTON. 1 ask my friend from Texas
to withdraw it.
Mr. RUSK. I withdraw it.
Mr. GWIN. I withdraw my amendment to |
the amendment.
Mr. HALE. I have an amendment to the
amendment. It is to add:
" And that he he further requested to order a sufficient
mi'itary force on to the frontier, between the United States
and Mexico, to carry out our treaty stipulations with that
country."
Mr. MORTON. I hope this amendment will
not be embarrassed by adding on these other
proposition?.
The amendment to the amendment was reject- i
ed.
Mr. HOUSTON. I was not present when this
amendment was introduced, and I have not had
much time to reflect upon it; but from the remarks
jutt made by tlie Senator from Florida, I learn,
for the first time, that the President has made a
communicatior to this body upon the subject of
the removal of these Indians. 1 am not in favor
of calling out the militia for the purpose of remov-
ing them, for t.ie reason that local animosities and
a decree of prejudice ,nay exist in their minds to
such an extent as will disqualify the authorities of
Florida from giving to the subject that considera-
tion to which I think it is entitled. I am satisfied
that the Indians would go to the West, and would
unite with their brethren, provided suitable agents
were sent for that purpose, by whom the wishes
of the Government might be communicated to
them, and if all irritation between the citizens of
Floilda and the Indians was allayed. I
Since I came into the Senate of the United
States, hardly a session has passed that claims from
Florida have not come up to an enormous amount
to defray the expenses of calling out the militia
by that State to aid in the suppression of Indian
hostilities. We have had claims for pay and for
losses to an immense amount. Really I do not
know that any State has ever received the same
amount of appropriations for defensive purposes
which Florida has received. j
Mr. President, if you authorize the President of
the United States to do that which is proposed by
this amendment, he will have but little discretion
left to him. Sir, a case can always be made out
of sufficient strength and sufficiently imposing in
its character to require thePresidentto act in con-
formity with the requisition of the Governor of
that State; for if he does not, clamors will be
raised that he has permitted its citizens to be butch-
ered. Now, sir, I will guarantee, that if these In-
dians are let alone, and not encroached upon until
proper appliances can be made by the present Ex-
ecutive, they will be removed, and possibly with-
out bloodshed, and we shall thereby be saved the
expenditure of several hundred thousand dollars;
for if you keep but one regiment of Florida mili-
tia in the field for one year, the expense would
probably be S] ,200,000; and this for the purpose
of killing a hundred Indians. The militia, sir,
never can conquer the Indians. The Indians have
their hammocks and their places of retreat, which
are inaccessible to the militia. I
As I have said, a regiment of mounted men in
Florida would probably cost $1,200,000 for one
year's service; it would therefore be a great saving
if you were to appropriate $10,000 or $15,000, and
place it in the hands of some agent, who would
expend it for the real advantage of the Indians,
and in furnishing them the necessary supplies.
Starvation often drives the Indians to war and to
encroachments. Individuals go and kill their stock, [
or commit some outrage upon them, which in- j
censes them, and that is generally the cause of hos-
tilities on their part. I have lived nearlv to the !
age of three score, and I never, during the whole
course of my life, knew a treaty to be violated by
the Indian community which was made with the
United States in good faith. It never will be done.
The Indians always regard their faith. They
know that they are the weaker party, and that in
the event of a collision, they would be the suffer-
ers. They know that they have not the resources
of the white man; and let me add, they are almost I
always the injured party. Why press upon this 1
little handfull of Indians? Are the necessities of
Florida so great that, extended over avast area of
country with a sparse population, her people can-
not find employment within the settled limits of
their country for the investment of their capital,
without running in UDon the hammocks of the In-
dians, interfering with their fisheries and their
hunting grounds' There is no necessity for it.
Let us use a little forbearance. Billy Bowlegs is
not such a terrible scare-crow, or so anxious for
war when he cannot be advantaged by it, that he
is going to invade the formidable State of Florida.
I will not vote for the amendment. I am satis-
fied that any encouragement given to the Execu-
tive of the State will be succeeded by demands
upon the Executive of the United States;—they
will be so importunate; and newspapers will get
up stories of combats; the most melancholy and
terrible details will be narrated, but all will turn
out to be fustian at last. Yet such tales will be
circulated throughout the United States, arid there
will be a great cry raised of the cruelty of the In-
dians, and of their massacres of the people on the
frontier. The country will be alive with the cry,
and people will be ready to fly to the standard of
Florida to defend her against a few hundred poor,
i miserable, half-starved Indians, whom humanity
requires that you should feed rather than exter-
minate. The Indians want justice, and I wish there
were an abler man than myself to stand up on this
floor and demand, in their behalf, that justice
shall be done to them. Sir, they are despoiled of
everything. Their territory is taken from them.
They are robbed of their annuities, and the pur-
chase money for their lands is taken by felons. Is
not this something that should be looked at and
considered? They have no one here to appeal in
their behalf, or to tell their griefs and wrongs to
American ears; but it is nevertheless true that
their history is a history of wrongs untold. If
Senators, independent of their position, cannot
stand forth and vindicate the wronged Indians,
where is he to look but to the Great Spirit for re-
dress? and that comes slowly when compared to
the activity of the avarice of the wicked.
I cannot vote for the amendment. I am satis-
fied that it will lead to a breaking out of hostilities,
as they have been called. I have seen hostilities
produced before, and I have seen a clamor run
through the community in regard to it, and every
j man capable of bearing arms would be eager to i
j rush to the standard; but when the facts carpe to
j be inquired into, it was found that it arose from a
white man shooting an Indian walking through
his own corn-patch, carrying his head so high,
! the proud rascal! Yes, sir, I have seen that,
i But, sir, we have the faith of the Government
! pledged to another frontier extending eight hun-
dred miles. You do not hear resolutions or amend-
ments introduced here for the protection ofTexas.
We have despaired of it.
We can point to slaughtered citizens, to num-
berless massacred women and children who have
; fallen within the last four years, yet we aid not
make such loud complaints. The raking up of
these Indian matters is the legitimate business of
the Committee on Indian Affairs, and if I live to
resume a place on this floor at the next session, I
shall claim the high privilege of being on that com-
mittee, so that if I am permitted to have my claim
responded to, I may stand forth not to seek favors
for the Indians, but to vindicate them against
j wrongs and oppressions. So long as I stand upon
this floor, I will vindicate their rights and they
| shall have justice done them if there is integrity
or truth in the stipulations made by American
officers to the Indians.
Mr. MALLORY. Mr. President, I have list-
ened with a great deal of pleasure to my honor-
able friend from Texas, and I have no doubt, if
the debates here shall ever reach those Indians,
that Billy Bowlegs, of whom you have heard so
much, in common with others of his tribe, who are
murderers and cut-throats, would feel indebted
to the honorable Senator from Texas for stand-
ing here and upholding him. Sir, who are these
Indians for whom all this sympathy is expressed,
and who are spoken of here as heroes who have
been driven from off their soil by a sovereign
State? Who are they? The remnant of an In-
dian tribe which by treaty engaged to go west,
which was paid for so doing, which received the
pay, and then sped to the woods and refused to
g°-
Is it the fault of the State of Florida that money
has been expended in the attempt to remove these
Indians ? The attempt has been made by almost
every general of the United States Army, from the
General-in-Chief down, and everyone has failed—
failed in the judgment of every man who under-
stands anything of Indian character—by adopting
the modes of civilized warfare among a parcel of
savages, in forests almost impenetrable, when
perhaps a thousandth part of the money expended,
if spent legitimately and properly in the hands of
the volunteers of the country., would have entirely
removed them; because men familiar with the
character and warfare of the Indians would be
much more dangerous to them than those who did
not understand them.
I concede that the Senator from Texas is aufait
in all the matters relating to Indians; but I should
like to appeal to him for information on the sub-
ject, and to consult him about Billy Bowlegs, and
the chiefs and the Indians in Florida. There is
scarcely a family in that State which has not lost
a relative among those Indians. They must be
supposed to know something of the character of
these Indians. The Governor of the State must
be supposed to know something of their character.
The members of the Legislature, coming from all
parts of the State, must be supposed to be ac-
quainted with it. I defer very much to the judg-
ment of the Senator from Texas on Indian matters;
but I am sorry to see him on this floor to-day as
the advocate of this broken-down band of Indians.
The Senator alluded to certain Florida claims.
Now, 1 have not presented a claim since I have
been on this floor for services in Florida; and
though he says that that State has received a3
much or more for defensive purposes than any
other, I absolutely deny it, and I call upon him
to prove it. I call for the data on which he
bases it. The United States have called upon
the citizens of Florida occasionally for supplies,
and those citizens have come here for their pay,
but the larger portion of the expenditures of the
Florida war went into the pockets of your quar-
termasters and commissaries from the different
States of the Union, and not a single man in the
State of Florida was ever enriched by it. I arr 
sorry to see an endeavor made by the Senator
from Wisconsin [Mr. Walker] to get up the idea
that the hostilities with these Indians will be pro-
tracted in order to enable Florida to get more
money out of it. The very object of this amend-
ment was to cut the matter short. If Congress
feel disposed to remove the Indians at all—and
having undertaken it, I suppose they should do it
—this amendment is intended to accomplish it with
the least expense, and with the greatest humanity
to the Indians themselves.
The honorable Senator from Texas does not
seem to understand that the President of the Uni-
ted States, by a special message, has referred the
subject directly to us. He has said to us, " If you
are disposed to let the Indians continue in Florida,
very well; but if you are disposed to require them
to go west, you must give me authority to carry
out your determination." That is what the Pres-
ident says; and why should we not give him the
power? The honorable Senator from Texas is
mistaken in another point. He supposes this
amendment devolves authority on the Executive
of Florida. It is to avoid that; it is introduced to
put the whole matter in the hands of the Exec-
tive, that the commissaries' and quartermasters'
expenditures shall be revised at the Executive De-
! partments of the Federal Government, and that
! claims may come here properly adjudicated upon,
i and that no more officers may be employed, and
' under such conditions as the Executive of the
whole country may think proper to prescribe.
I Mr. HOUSTON*. I did not misapprehend the
| gentleman. I did not intend, and he should not
suppose it, to imagine that the Governor of Flor-
ida would derive any authority from the notice
which Congress proposed to give to this sub-
ject. I said that the representations of the Gov-
ernor of Florida to the Executive of the United
States, and the urgency of the applications made
to him to carry out the provisions contained in
this amendment would be irresistible. He would
: have to rely upon representations made to him,
! and he would probably yield to them; the conse-
i quence would be a protracted war; whereas by
