185$.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
60S
postponing the mutter until the new Executive
comes in, the mult may be different. The ar-
rangement waa eiuered into by A former Execu-
tive, and he ha* not had time to complete them,
tie can tuil go on with the experiment to the end
of bit Administration.
I doubt oof that the Indians can be pacifieated,
and that ihey wdl go peaceably to the homes of
their brethren acroaa the Mwarasippi; that they
will settle down in quiet and peace, and become
husbandmen and agriculturists; that they will go
to a healthier cliiue, to one where supplies are
abundaui—for (he country of these Indiana west
of the Mississippi is surpassed by none on earth
in its production  f corn and all the necessaries of
Indian cmnfort. I have no doubt that the Indians
can be transported there without difficulty, and
incorporated with their brethren; whereas, if you
authorised or give to the daring and active spirit
of Florida the least encouragement, as this amend-
ment would do, for encroachment upon the In-
dians, that very moment the agitation would begin,
appliances would be made for the purpose of re-
■noting; the Indians, the inhabitants would urge it
upon the Government, and they would consider
ttt* adoption of such a proposition as a warrant for
any outrage they might com nut. «« The infernal
Indians will not go; they are bound to go, and we
will make them go." In that way a war might
crow up in Florida. Why could not two hundred
determined men expel this hundred warriors, if it
was necessary to compel them to ro west? I
have no idea of voting more means for an foter-
prue of that kind than are physically and abw-
iutdy necessary, and 1 shall not vote for the amend-
ment, because I see that it would lead to war,
bloodshed, and massacre; it would lead to the de-
al ruction of the Indian warriors, and when the men
are destroyed, of course the women and children
will be reduced to starvation. I cannot see the
justice of this, and I will never consent to do in-
justice or inhumanity if I can avoid it.
Mr. MORTON Mked for the yeas and nays
upon the amendment; and they were ordered.
Mr. WELLER moved that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 hope the Senator from Cali-
fornia will permit us to take the vote upon this
question. If we adjourn now, the whole debate
will have to be gone over again to-morrow.
The motion to adjourn *aa not agreed to, there
being, on a division—ayes 19, noes 22.
The amendment of Mr. Mvlloit was rejected;
there beine, on a division—ayes 19, noes 24.
Mr. CHASK. 1 ask leave to offer an amend-
ment ftta the Committee on Roads and Canals.
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Wukudit, 1U| mujf S3, 1853.
The Hoase met at eleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
bythe Rev. Jambs Gttuait.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER stated the business first in or-
der to be the consideration of House bill No. 360,
establishing reciprocal trade with the British North
American Colonies upon certain conditions, upon
which the gentleman from New Hampshire [Mr.
Toct] was entitled to the floor.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I desire to make
a report from the committee appointed to wait
apon the President elect to inform him of his elec-
tion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
Hampshire [Mr. Tccxlis entitled to the floor.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I object t<f any proceeding ;
which is not in the regular order of business.
Mr. TDCK. Then I decline to yield the floor.
Mr. JONES. I presume there will be no ob-
jection to making the report of the joint committee. [
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
Hampshire declines to yield the floor.
Mr. JONES. Hare not the joint committee
appointed to wait upon the President elect to in-
form him of his election the right to report?
The SPEAKER. They have not the right to ;
deprive a member of the floor for that purpose.
Mr. TUCK. If no one objects, I will not. 1
REPORT. j
Mr. JONES then, from thejointcommittee ap- j
pointed to wait upon the President eleet and i
inform him of his election, reported that the com- i
taiuse had performed the duly assigned them, and I
that the President, in signifying his acceptance
of the otTice to which he had been chosen by the I
people, mill: 1
'• You will please communicate to the respective Houses '
 f L'uiigrt-M my sccpiaiire of th« tru.-t conrided to me, and
at the same tune expn>s to them uiy grateful acknowledg-
ment*. and asMiirp them ill' the deep whhb of nblicaiion Willi
which I regard this manifestation ofconfidence oti the part
ol nij countrymen. It will be my earnest eudeavor to prove
that their confidence has not beeu mnplicnj."
Mr. TUCK. I trust the House will under-
stand that 1 at first declined to yield the floor to
allow that committee to report, on account of the
objection made by other gentlemen, and not on
accouut of any personal unwillingness on my own
part.
Mr. JONES. I move that the report be entered
upon the Journal of the House.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not neces-
sary. The report will be entered, as a matter of
course.
RECIPROCAL TRADE.
Mr. TUCK then resumed and concluded his
remarks commenced yesterday in favor of recip-
rocal trade with Canada. [See Appendix for his
speech.l
Mr. CLINGMAN. I did not intend to em-
bark in this debate at all.
Mr. WELCH. Will the gentleman allow me
a moment, in order to offer an amendment.'
Mr. CLINGMAN. I will, before I take my
■eat. I do not desire to make a speech upon this
subject, and, in fact, it was not my intention to
have said one word.
The gentleman upon my right [Mr. Tuck] to-
day, and the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Fuller]
on yesterday, have thought proper to refer to an
amendment of mine, and to my position in refer-
ence to that amendment, which renders it proper,
perhaps, that 1 should make a short explanation
upon the subject. I say to the gentleman from
Maine that I am disposed to support his proposi-
tion for the settlement of the fishing difficulties.
I am willing to take up that question, and if Great
Britain will allow our people to fish wherever her
subjects do, I am willing that her people should
sell fish in our country upon the same terms as
our own citizens; and I trust that whatever we
may do upon the other subjects, we may pass
that, and 1 hope that the British Provinces will
accede to it.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Setmour]
and others, have not thought proper to settle this
fishine question alone, but are desirous of attach-
ing to it another measure of great importance, but
not necessarily connected with this subject at all.
I am opposed to the particular bill of the gentle-
man from New York, and while I am willing to
do everything in our power to advance the fishing
interest, yet those gentlemen, I must insist, have
no right to complain of us, for we pay tHIm such
a bounty from the Treasury as no.one else gets—
viz: equal to some five or nix dollars per month.
But I do not agree at all with the gentleman from
Maine, that if we repeal that bounty we shall
cease to catch fish. The gentleman knows, per-
haps better than I do, that the only fishing inter-
est that has prospered above all others—1 mean
the whale fishery—never was protected at all.
While Great Britain wasDrotecting her men, and
while France was giving large bounties, our peo-
ple hare gone on without any aid from our Gov-
ernment; and the result now is, that while I believe
we have some six hundred and fifty whalemen,
all the other nations of the earth have less than
one hundred. We have nearly ten times as much
capital invested in that branch of business as all
the rest of the world together, and I have no doubt
that if our people engaged in the other kinds of
fisheries were left to their own energies, they
would still go on to catch fish. I do not propose,
however, to discuss the question now.
The gentleman from New York has made a
very ingenious argument in favor of free trade with
Canada, &c. 1 concur with his general princi-
ples; but the argument which he makes in favor
of reciprocity with Canada will apply with tenfold
force to free trade with England. Now, I beg
gentlemen to take up his report,and insert for the
word " colonies," wherev er it occurs, the words
" Great Britain," and youwill find that the argu-
ment is vastly stronger. That idea which the
gentleman has thrown out, and which my friend
From New Hampshire [Mr. Tuck] makes use of
to-day, is a singular one. These gentlemen say
that because Canada and the United States are
very much alike in their productions, therefore
free trade between them is advantageous.
Mr. Speaker, the more alike countries are, the
less the need of trade between them. If two coun-
tries were precisely alike in their productions and
their wants, of course they never could advant-
ageously trade. Trade is nothing more than this:
"here the United States have more of certain
productions than they want, they can afford to let
some one else have them. If other people havea
surplus of the same kind, of course there would
be no commerce between them at all. The very
reason that Canada is very much like the United
States in its productions, is the strongest of all
reasons why there is little necessity for trade at
all. Great Britain, on the other hand, whose pro-
ductions are entirely different from those of this
country, may want to get our surplus, and in turn
give off to us what she has in excess. As Canada
and the United States are not exactly alike in their
productions, they find some advantage in an inter-
change; but as Great Britain is still more unlike
us, there is a much greater reason for an unre-
stricted commerce with her; and, in point of fact,
it already, in spite of the present shackles, greatly
exceeds that of the rest of the world. This argu-
ment is, therefore, utterly fallacious. 1 admit
there would be an advantage in free commerce
with the Provinces, but there would be a much
greater benefit in trading with a country like Great
Britain, the productions of which are very differ-
ent from our own.
Mr. Speaker, my purpose is not to go into a
general discussion of the question at this stage of
the session. I have argued it heretofore. I wish
the gentlemen on the other side to understand that
I do not object to the general principles of that
report, but its limitations. It proposes a very nar-
row policy. For illuatration, it is stated, in the
first place, that lumber is highly necessary to our
manufacturers and builders generally. I admit
all that. In it he says, too, that the coming in of
lumber from Canada will injure the lumber busi-
ness of this country; and he then refers to the
State of Maine, and says, though that State will
be injured in this respect, she may get an equiva-
lent in the free navigation of the St. John and
St. Lawrence rivers. Well, that may be good
fiolicy for Maine, but how is it with North Caro-
ina? Here is the district of one of my colleagues,
[Mr. Ashe,] referred to the other day, which ex-
ports lumber very largely. There sits another
colleague on my left, and another here on my
right, whose districts send out a very large amount
of lumber, and what equivalent are they to get?
It will not benefit us to know that the free navi-
gation of the St. John-and the St. Lawrence is
open to us. We cannot avail ourselves of them,
and the result will be that all the other sections of
the country are to be injured. If you make the
system a general one we may get advantages in
other respects. We may send our productions to
Jamaica and Great Britain, and possibly to the
Canadas, if you make the trade absolutely free in all
respects, so as to compensate us for our losses
in the lumber business. But, ai 1 have ajready
stated, I do not care to go into a general argu-
ment on this question. Gentlemen who will ex-
amine that report will find that it is very partial
in its provisions and reasoning. I do not charge
that as the purpose of the gentleman. He repre-
sents certain interests on this floor; it is very
natural that he should be desirious of advancing
them, and his bill is admirably adopted to that
purpose. He, at the same time, has endeavored
to impose such restrictions and limitations as ren-
der it improper and unjust for us to adopt it. If
be will carry out his argument fairly to its legiti-
mate results, I am willing to go with him. He is
anxious to get certain Canadian productions
needed in New York. He says that theji are
necessary to enable our manufacturers to do their
work cheaply; and thatthese things arenecessaries.
Suppose I should say that salt was necessary to
my constituents and the whole country, and pro-
pose to include it in the free list, his constituents,
if those living around Syracuse be his constitu-
ents, would at once object; and if iron and coal
should be put in, which are equally necessary,
and which the whole country consumes to agreat
extent, you would find the gentlemen from Penn-
sylvania objecting to it; and if you embrace cot-
