804
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
Feb. 23,
ton and woolen ffoods, and other manufactured
articles which are consumed to a great extent in
the South ant] West, you will find certain New .
England interests objecting. If we are to have
free trade let it be general. The gentleman on
my right says that we cannot abolish all duties.
I agree with him, and therefore do not propose to
adopt the system of free trade fully at this time.
I have, however, introduced an amendment which
I think is a very important one. It throws open
our ports to the free competition of Great Britain;
and if that kingdom will give us the same privi-
lege in her ports, 1 am for the change, i en-
deavored to make an argument on this question
last winter, and 1 intend on some proper occasion
to examine it in detail; at least 1 will endeavor,
if 1 should happen ever to be on this floor again
after the present session, to bring it to the con-
sideration of Congress. I have no hope of seeing
that system carried out at this session; nor do I
believe that the gentleman's bill is likely to pass
in its present shape. If, therefore, I have embar-
rassed the bill, as the gentleman contends, by the
submission of my amendment, I want him to un-
derstand that I have offered it with a view of keep-
ing the question before the country. I do not say
that I am prepared to vote for the proposition of
the gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Toombs] in its
fullest acceptation just now. I would not entirely
repeal our navigation laws for the present; but I
am willing to throw open our ports to such a
country as Great Britain, which can give us a fair
equivalent. One of my friends said some time
since, that you might as well abolish the Navy as
the navigation laws. Nothing is in my judgment
more erroneous than such an opinion. Last session
I referred to the fact that in two years after the an-
nouncement of the reciprocity system in the foreign
trade, our tonnage m the ports of Great Britain
had increased twenty-five per cent., while that of
Great Britain in the same ports had increased
scarcely fivepercert.-.and that in theportof New
York, while ours had increased seventy-eight per
cent., hers had increased only fifteen per cent., so
that our increase has been fivefold greater than
hers. If, therefore, we can beat Great Britain
five to one in a direct trade between the two coun-
tries, is there any danger that we would suffer on
our own coast? The gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Brooks,] who made someremarks the other
day, and I was amused at the ingenuity he exhib-
ited, asked the gentleman from Georgia whether
we were going to throw our western waters open
to British navigation? Perhaps the gentleman
wished to frighten us with the idea of having
British vessels on the Mississippi river.
Mr. BROOKS. I do not know whether 1 con-
fined my remarks to western rivers alone, but I
meant the western rivers and lakes. I have no
doubt that they would drive us out of Lake On-
tario altogether.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I differ entirely from the
gentleman; and I should like to know on what
data he founds that opinion. Why is it that
Great Britain can beat us on Lake Ontario and
nowhere else? That rather reminds us of iEsop's
fable of the man who made the famous jump in
the Island of Rhodes, and who could not make it
on any other ground. But the gentleman on the
other side of the House [Mr. Fuller] stated that
we oould not build as cheap ships as those Prov-
inces, though they could not equal us in building
good ships for long voyages. 1 think that he un-
derrates the ingenuity of his own countrymen. I
have no doubt that in New England, if they shall
find it to their interest to do so, they can build as
cheap ships as Great Britain. I have no doubt
that American enterprise and ingenuity will be
equal to theirs in every sort of ahip-buiiding.
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. With the permis-
sion of the gentleman I will state, that whilst the
Provinces pay no duty on iron and cordage, and
all that enters into the formation of vessels, we
have to pay enormous duties.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I anticipated that argu-
ment, for I have heard it before. I do not believe
under the existing rates of duty—and in this opin-
ion I am backed by some of the ship-builders of
the country—that they can build ships as cheap in
England as we can. I know that there is some
difference of opinion on this point, but the experi-
ment in the foreign trade sustains me fully in my
view. If it shall be found, however, that we can- |
not compete with Great Britain in ship-building, i
owing to the duty on iron, cordage, &c., I am
willing that those duties shall be taken off. We
have taken the duty off of copper, and other things
which are needed by ship-builders, but I am wilt-
ing in like manner to remove it from iron and
hemp altogether. I would much rather have that
system; and if it will put our people on an equal
footing with Great Britain, and enable them to
underwork her, as they are now doing, I am for
it. This system will cheapen freights through-
out the whole country. It is known that there is
an enormous trade between the mouth of the Mis-
sissippi river and the city of New York; and yet
it is a singular fact that but a few years ago, and
I expect the same thing is now true, the freights
between New York and New Orleans were higher
than they were between New York and China, on
the opposite side of the globe. In going from
New York to the East Indies or China, you have
the competition of the world, which you have not
on our own coast, and hence these enormously
high freights. All western men are interested in
this matter, for they send down the Mississippi
river an immense amount of produce, and get their
goods through the same channel. Under the ex-
isting law, if a British vessel should go to New
York with a load of foreign goods, and leave them
there, and should then desire to go to New Orleans
or Charleston for a load of cotton, she is obliged
to go down empty, though she might be willing
to take a cargo for one of our merchants at half
the price an American ship charges. Why is it
when the farmer goes to the sea-side, where there
are British and American vessels, he should not
have the privilege of employing that one to carry
his produce over the sea to market that will carry
it cheapest?
Gentlemen are sensitive about these interests in
the Northeast. Tlie discussion heretofore has been
confined to gentlemen representingone section of
the country only, and that notalargeone, though
there is a little clashing in this matter among its
friends. But there are four fifths of the whole coun-
try, embracing the great agricultural interest, as
well as most of the mechanics and manufacturers,
concerned in having cheap freights, and why
should we not open our ports to competition ? I
have no doubt that the trade will still remain in the
hands of our countrymen; but they will have to
work for lower rates, and the result will be that
by cheapening freights you will vastly increase the
amount of produce to be sent abroad, and, as we
see already under our partial systenfof free trade,
our marine will be very rapidly increased.
The gentleman from New Hampshire [Mr.
Tuck] asked me this morning whether I had any
reason to suppose that Great Britain would adopt
this system ? I do: because it is her interest to do
so, though she will not get as much advantage by
it as we will, but it will be beneficial to both. I
beg gentlemen, who represent the shipping inter-
est, to remember, that in 1849, when the present
system began, Great Britain did not possess such
advantages as she now does. Since then the Aus-
tralia goid mines have been discovered, and their
value to her shipping interest is almost incalcula-
ble. It must also be borne in mind, that Great
Britain now gives us something like our coasting
trade. Our vessels may go from one British colony
to another, or from any one of them to England.
But they are not allowed to go from one port in
England to another in England, nor from one port
of Canada to another port of that same province,
although they may go from Canada to New
Brunswick, or Jamaica, or Great Britain, and vice
versa. If Great Britain were to repeal that system,
in consequence of this Government refusing her
vessels free trade between our Atlantic and Pacific
coast, wewould be materially injured. An Amer-
ican ship can now leave New York for California
and discharge her cargo there, then go to Aus-
tralia, and from there to India, and thence to Liv-
erpool, making the whole circuit of the globe, and
shifting her cargo from time to time as her interest
demands. A British vessel cannot go from New
York to California with a cargo; and the result is,
that she labors under a very great disadvantage.
If Great Britain should recede from her present
system, I think that we would be much more in-
jured than she would, and this matter is worth
thinking of. 1 have occupied more time in these
rambling remarks than I intended. I will say
further, however, that I am disposed to see this
syBtem carried out honestly and fairly now while
I Great Britain is willing to do so. I have offered
j the amendment in good faith, and if it be adopted,
] I shall vote for the bill. It cannot, of course, take
effect immediately. This whole matter must be
i settled by the treaty-making power; but it would
be the right and duty of the President to fix some
future day on which any modification that might
be found necessary, should take effect.
I have very little hope that this system will be
adopted at this session of Congress. I doubt
whether we ought to do anything more than pass
such a bill as the gentleman from Maine [Mr.
Fuli.er] has introduced, v/ith a view of settling
this fishing difficulty. 1 hope the whole subject
may go over, and if a motion be made to refer it
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, I will vote for it. If the gentleman from
Maine [Mr. Fuller] shall introduce his bill as a
separate provision, I do not think it will meet with
any opposition in this House. It refers to nothing
whatever but the fishing interest. Let us pass the
best proposition we can upon the subject.
Mr. WELCH. With the leave of the gentle-
man, I propose to offer an amendment to his
amendment, to come in as a second section.
The SPEAKER. There are two amendments
already offered, by the unanimous consent of the
House, which will be taken up and considered
when the House comes to act upon the subject.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. I am willing
that the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Welch] should be read, for the information
of the House.
The amendment was then read, as follows:
" Sec. 3. That for tlie payment of duties upon iron im-
ported, to be used in the construction of railroads in the
United States, or any of the Territories thereof, a credit of
five years from the tune of importation shall be allowed to
the owners or importers thereof, upon their giving bond
according to suell regulations as shall he prescribed by the
Secretary of the Treasury, conditioned that the same shall,
within three years from its importation, be laid down or
used in the construction oi such roads."
Mr. WELCH. Will it not be in order to offer
that amendment as an additional section ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair again suggests
that there is a motion to commit pending, which
cuts off any motion to amend. There is an ori-
ginal motion to amend proposed by the gentleman
from Maitle, [Mr. Fuller,] by way of substitute,
which was printed with the bill. Since that time,
by unanimous consent, two other amendments
| have been offered, which will be taken up and
acted upon in their order.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I have no objection to that
provision of the gentleman; and, indeed, I framed,
the other day, an amendment to offer as my own,
but as I came to the conclusion that this bill was
nothkely to get through the two Houses,! thought
that it was useless to offer it. If it will gratify
the gentleman, however, and it will be in order for
me to do so, I suppose I might modify the amend-
ment which I have pending to the first section, so
as to embrace his proposition and let my own
stand. In that event the two, I suppose, might
stand together.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from North
Carolina [Mr. Clingman] was indulged by the
unanimous consent of the House, in offering his
amendment. It is not within his power, without
the unanimous consent of the House, to modify
it, the amendment itself being not strictly in
order, in the opinion of the Chair, and the Chair
would have so ruled 
Mr. CLINGMAN. I prefer, then, not to do
it. I say to him and the Speaker that I do not in-
tend to adopt it as a part of my own amendment,
because then we should have to vote upon it as a
whole. I desire to have a vote upon mine as a
separate proposition. I was willing, if I could do
it, to have obliged the gentleman from Ohio, but
I do not believe it would have been in order for
me to offer two separate amendments. Your de-
cision removes that difficulty. I hope, however,
that my friend will get in his proposition one of
these days. It provides for a sort of free trade,
which I desire to see advanced very much. It will
certainly benefit very much all sections of the coun-
try,and, I believe, in the end, that it will certainly
benefit the shipping interest, because the making
of railroads will increase vastly the amount of
trade sent to the sea-board; indeed, I think it will
benefit every interest, except those three or four
iron establishments in Pennsylvania, which I
spoke of at the last session. I nave no doubt that
