1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
809
Mr. HOWARD. That provision Haa been |
recommended by the Department, and the abort
letter which I send to the Clerk's desk, sufficiently
explains it.
The Clerk read the letter, which is as follows:
D«*MtT«BltT or the flftmio*, >
OrnCB india* affairs, February 17, 1853. ]
Si a: I have ibe honor to acknowlege tf e receipt of your
letter of ihHdiie, inclosing tbefonu of mi amendment pro-
posed to be made to the Indian appropriation bill now be-
fore the houm of Representatives end in answer to yoar
inquiries I tare to Mate that U appears from the files of this
office tbat there are a few claims not provided for by the
act ofl£53, which are doubtless equally aa meritorious as
those tor which provision is made by that act. Impartial
justice requires that theoe cases should be placed on the
mum rnotirk witli (he otbera« The amendment piopoaed
wilt, if adopted* accomplish this object* aud enable the De-
Erunent to make final disposition of aetas* of business tbat
* siren much trouble.
Tfie paper inclosed in your letter la herewith returned.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
L. LEA, Commissioner.
Hon. I. W. Johmso*, Chairman Committee Indian •!/<
/sirs. House •/ Representative*.
The question vu th«n taken on the amend-
ment, and it vu agreed to.
The clause with reference to the Creeks being
under consideration,
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, raid: I beg now
to offer the amendment which has been debated
here, that I may teet the sense of the committee
upon it. I ask that it may be read.
The Clerk read the amendment, as follows: j
" For payment to tbe Creek Nation of Indians, as com-
poMUkw for lands taken from tbe friendly portion of Ae :
Mw by lbe treaty coacladed at Port Jackson, on the toll
of A ■just, 1814, one million seven hundred and sixty-nine
thousand eight handled and eighty dollars, ($1,769,880:)
ProrUrd, lotrerer, That the nine, tinder tbe direction of
the President, (hall be paid per capita to the Indians tbera-
•etne, and (feat said wnoaat stall be takes and received by
tbe Creek Nation, in fuU and complete satisfaction of all
unliquidated demands of whatsoever nature, both legal and
equitable, which they may be supposed to have against the
Vnited State*."
Mr. JOHNSON. I will state to the committee
that I believe, and, if there can be such a thing aa
a person knowing what is a just conclusion from
his premises, when they are laid down before him
on the record, I will say I fcnete, that I have de-
monstrated tbe tide of the Creeks to the land that
was taken. I know that I have also demonstrated
the fact that they have not received compensation
for it.
I have estimated the value of the kuid at twenty
cento an acre, and upon that point alone will I say
a word to the House. We shall find, sir, upon
investigation, that far greater compensation has
been given to other tribes for the lands acquired '
from them by treaty. The Chickaeaws got the ,
full value of their lands, and it has yielded them j
an average of f 1 23 an acre for the whole of their !
country. The Choctaws received fifty cents an j
acre for their lands; the Winnebagoes thirty cents, •
and the Sioux twenty-three cents.
1 now call the attention of the committee to this
consideration, and that is, tbat the history of this
Government furnishes but one parallel case to that
now before us, and that is the case of the Sacs and
Foxes. We had a war with the Sacs and Foxes
in the Northwest,about whiehadistinguisbed Sen-
ator in the other wing of the Capitol [General
Dodge, of Wisconsin] could tell us something.
In the prosecution of that war, there was one
band of Indians called the Keokuk band, that re-
fused to join with the tribe in making war upon
the people of the United States. Sir, when that
war was ended, we did not even take all the land
that the hostile Indians held. We gave them
twelve-and-a-half cents an acre for every acre of it.
It was given from considerations of mercy, hu-
manity, and justice. We d id not take away from
tbe band that refused to fight against us, millions
of acres of their land. We set apart for them
■fifty miles square, that should be their own prop-
erty. How different was the treatment of the
Creeks! The friendly Creeks made themselves
our allies and fought with us. The friendly band
of the Sacs and Foxes, the Keokuks, although
they refused to fight against us, sat still and took
no part for us. Yet, sir, we have given to those
Indians who would not fight for us, what was
deemed to be their portion of the lands, while we
have taken away from those who fought for us
eight million eight hundred and forty-nine thou-
sand acres of their land—for considerations con-
nected with tbe safety and security of the country,
in the language of Jackson. It remains for us to
carry out the intention of Jackson, which was, that
compensation should be made to these Indians;
otherwise the whole transaction will be tinctured
with meanness.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. TOOMBS. I have an amendment which I
desire to offer to the amendment of the gentleman
from Arkansas.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Georgia desire to speak in opposition to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Arkansas?
Mr. TOOMBS. No, sir. 1 shall occupy my
time in explaining my own amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. As no other gentleman
claims the floor to speak in opposition to the
amendment of the gentleman from Arkansas, the
gentleman from Georgia will proceed.
Mr. TOOMBS. I should have liked to have
had an opportunity to review the facts connected
with this claim. But I have not more than time
enough to explain "my own amendment. I sup-
pose that there will not be a gentleman in this
House who will not agree with me that if this
claim is paid, my amendment ought to be adopt-
ed. It is in these words:
"Aoiproviied further, Tbat the sum of $335,167 92 shall
be set apart out of said compensation, and applied to the pay-
ment of damages committed by said Creek nanon of Indians
1 upon the whites, as adjudicated and allowed by the Commis-
, sion appointed under the second section of the act approved
March 3,1837, entitled ' An act making appropriations for
the current expenses of the Indian Department, and for ful-
, filling treaty stipulations with tbe various Indian tribes in
i tlM year 1837.'"
In 1836, daring the hostilities with these Creek
Indians, they destroyed much property belonging
ta citizens of the United States residing within
the limits of that nation. They also came over
to the Georgia side and destroyed the property of
citizens out of the nation. Congress passed a
law appointing a commission to adjudicate these
claims. There was a large class of claims pre-
sented before that commission, amounting, in all,
to more than #1,200,000, for property destroyed
by the Indians during these hostilities. The com-
missioners allowed these claims to the amount
of three hundred and fifty-odd thousand dollars.
Now, if these Indians are allowed this indemnity
which is proposed by the gentleman from Ar-
kansas, tbe amount of these claims allowed by
this board of commissioners should be deducted.
They are bound, by our laws of intercourse with
them,to pay for all the damages perpetrated upon
the property of the citizens of the United States.
, A portion of this money has been actually paid by
the United States Government for these claims
against this nation of Indians, and we are bound
to pay the others; and, therefore, I say, it is emi-
nently proper that this provision should be made
to the amendment offered by the gentleman from
Arkansas.
i By your treaties and intercourse laws with these
Indians, when they commit depredations along
your frontiers upon the whites, tbey are bound to
pay for them. Well, sir, they have committed
these depredations, and the amount ought properly
to come out of their fund. These are not only
claims for which thesfc citizens are entitled to re-
I numeration from the Indians, but for many of them
> the Government is bound. Some of them have
been paid- already, and others are pending before
Congress. Some of them, in the shape of pri-
■ vate bills, have passed the other House, and are
; here now. My object is to provide that what-
ever is due upon this class of claims shall be de-
' ducted from what the United States are to allow
these Indians. That is the whole object of the
: amendment. These claims have been passed upon
, to the amount of more than $350,000, and they
| should be taken out of the amount provided in the
i amendment of the gentleman from Arkansas in
j order to reimburse the United .States for what
she has already paid, and what she ia bound to
pay in order to settle them. Without, therefore,
intending1 to express any opinion as to the justice
or propriety of the original amendment, I think
the gentleman from Arkansas will concur with me
! m the propriety of this amendment which f offer.
It is true, as the gentleman from Arkansas states,
that these Indians were never paid for these lands.
They were taken by General Jackson and General
Pinckney, in pursuance of orders from this Gov-
ernment, but they were taken to indemnify the
Government for losses sustained on account of the
hostilities of these Indians, so that the claim against
this Government is not ex justiHa but ex gratia.
But the amendment which 1 have moved to the
bill is one which ought to be passed with the bill,
whether that of the gentleman from ArkansAS be
passed or not. It is to indemnify the United
States for what shepaid, and is bound to pay, fov
claims which have been adjudicated by the board
of commissioners appointed for that purpose.
PERSONAL.
Mr. WILCOX. In debate on yesterday a mis-
understanding arose between the honorable gen-
tleman from Arkansas, [Mr. Johnson,] and the
honorable gentleman from Texas, [Mr. Howard.]
I feel happy now, to be able to announce to the
House that the misunderstanding has been settled
honorably and amicably; that their personal and
official integrity stands unimpeached and unim-
paired, and that their friendly relations have been
restored.
INDIAN AFFAIRS AGAIN.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. 1 desire to move
an additional amendment.
TheCHAIRMAN. It is not in order toamend
further. The gentleman can, however, speak for
five minutes in opposition to the amendment of th«
gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,] if he de-
sires.
Mr. JOHNSON. I desire to state tbe facts in
this case, and the committee can put what construe*
tion Hpon them they choose. It is true, as the
gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Toombs] Mates, that
by our intercourse laws with these Indians, it is
prescribed that whatever depredations are commit-
ted upon thewhites by any tribe of Indians or any
portion of them, indemnity therefor shall be taken
from any moneys which may be due them by
the Government. Now, it is to repair injuries un-
der the spirit of that law that the gentleman from
Georgia has offered this amendment. If this
amendment should be adopted, therefore, under the
spirit of this law, the indemnity whieh is there
specified will come out of this appropriation which
is to pay these Creek Indians for that land. Tbat
is the state of the case. This matter has not beta
before the Committee on Indian Affaire, but hav-
ing had my attention called to it, and having been
told that it would be offered here, I went to the
pains myself to investigate the matter, and I find
that there are just claims against the Government.
I do not recollect the precise sum, but I have no
doubt that it is correctly staled in that amendment.
I ask what is the sum there named ?
Mr. TOOMBS. Three hundred and thirty-five
; thousand one hundred and sixty-seven dollars
; and ninety-two cents. That is the precise sum.
Mr. JOHNSON. Well, sir, if that is the sum
which turns out to- be due for the depredations
committed upon the peopleof the States of Georgia
and Alabama,during the hostilities in 1836, I can
my for myself, though I cannot speak for the
Cotnmittee on Indian Affair®—tiecaose it has never
been before them—-that die amendment is correct
and ought to be adopted.
Thequestion wasthen taken upon Mr. Toombs's
amendment, and it was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON. There is a prevision which
ought to have been inserted in the original amend-
ment, according tr> the wish of the Committee on
Indian Affairs. I will, however, now repeat it,
and ask the Clerk to take it down:
" Provided further, That $900,000 herein appropriated,
shall be set apart and invested under the direction of tbe
President of the United Slates in safe stocks, the annual
proceeds thereof to he appropriated lor the purposes of edu-
cation among the Creek tribe of Indians."
Mr. HOUSTON. I wish to make a statement
in regard to that amendment. 1 somewhat doubt
the competency of Congress to make this sort of
legislation. If weowe this amount to these Indians
we shall, without doubt, have the debt to pay if
we make a treaty with the tribe.
Mr. JOHNSON. _ Then I think the criticism
of the gentleman iaquiteunnecessary. I will state
one fact m regard to this section. Their school
fund now consists of a sum which yields about
$12,000 annually. Now, if the sum of 4200,000
more were invested in stocks to be applied for that
purpose, yielding an amount of some #10,000 or
#12,000 in addition, it would be amply enough for
allpurposesofeducationforthetribe. ThisamouWk
properly applied, would rapidly raise the condition
of their schools. „ ,. ' .
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I th k the gen*
