810
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 23,
tleman had belter provide that the United States
shall [«v them the interest upon 3:200,000, instead
of lines .us the amount in stocks.
Mr. HOUSTON. On, no; that will never do.
Mr. JON'KS. It' you invest it in stocks you
will have to pay it again.
Mr. HOUSTON. I have no objection to the
amendment. But the gentleman from Arkansas
well knows that an entire change of policy with
regard to these Indians is seriously contemplated;
and in my opinion the probability of that change
is too jreat to make it wise for us to incur any
additional liabilities to any of these Indian tribes.
Mr. JOHNSON. I will not propose the amend-
ment suggested by the gentleman from Tennessee.
1 desire that the amendment 1 have submitted to
the committee shaH remain in its present form,
and let the vote be taken upon it.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment to the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. SACKETT. I desire to inquire of the
gentleman from Arkansas whether the ellect of this
amendment, if adopted, will be to provide for the
payment of the entire $1,700,000 in one payment1
Mr. JOHNSON. Tnat is the effect of it, with
this exception: The amendment offered by the
eentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Toomb9,] which
sets apart $335,000 as indemnity to citizens of
Georgia and Alabama for depredations by these
Indians, was adopted by the committee; hence the
amount to be appropriated to the Indians will be
less than §1,41X1,000. The residue is to be paid
by the Government in the liquidation of claims
Crowing out of depredations committed by the In-
dians during the hostilities in 1836 in Georgia and
Alabama. These claims have been presented here
for vears, and pressed at the Treasury of the
United States. Under the law which regulates
our intercourse with the different tribes of Indians,
they are to pay for depredations committed upon
the citizens of the United States. Under the spirit
of that law, therefore, and under our treaties with
these Indians, in consequence of their depreda-
tions, the appropriation has been cut down from
$1,700,000 to $1,400,000.
Mr. SACKETT. In order to enable me to
make a remark, I move, pro forma, that this appro-
priation shall be paid in three annual installments.
Mr. Chairman, the amount which this amend-
ment proposes to appropriate is an unusual one to
be paid to any tribe of Indians in one payment.
I think if the amendment is to pass, and this
amount is to be appropriated to these Indians in
one payment, you will defeat the object for which
it is designed. I think it would better meet the
ends of justice, it would be of greater service to
these Indians, to make it in two or three annual
installments. I merely make this suggestion to
the gentleman from Arkansas, who has this mat-
ter in charge, that he may consider it and decide as
he may think proper. If it were to be made in
two or three payments it could be easier managed,
and the Indians would be less liable to be cheated
and robbed of a very considerable portion of the
amount. I think the committee would do well to
make the payment in three annual installments.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Georgia. I am opposed
to the amendment suggested by the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Sackett,] and especially
if it is made applicable to that portion of the fund
to be retained and applied by the Government for
the purpose of indemnifying the citizens of Ala-
bama and Georgia for losses sustained by them
during the Creek hostilities in 1836. It is said
that these claims presented by the citizens of
Georgia and Alabama for depredations committed
durinj the period referred to, have been rejected by
the Government time and again when so presented
for liquidation. Sir, it is true they have been re-
jected, and thty have been rejected at different
periods, upon the ground mainly that this Gov-
ernment would not recognize and pay for damages
sustained by citizens of the country in a war with
an independent nation. That is a sound principle
of international law. But that argument does not
apply to tliis ease because this Government has
never considered these t ribes of I nd ians as separate
•overeigntieg or independent nations. In fact we
have taken charge of and the control over them, ,
and have regulated our intercourse with them by
rules established by ourselves.
But in addition to this, by virtue of thestipula- i
tions of the treaty, or compact of 1802, between this
Government ana Georgia, by which Georgia ceded
to the General Government the States of Alabama
and Mississippi, there is an implied obligation
upon the part of this Government, growing out of
certain express provisions ot that compact, that it
shall maintain and keep our people and the people
of the State of Alabama harmless from the hos-
tilities and depredations of these Indians. Ttie
Government was bound by that compact to ex-
tinguish the Indian title in Georgia, and not only
that, but they were also bound to extinguish the
Indian title in Mississippi and Alabama, and to do
it in such a m iner as not to jeopardize or destroy,
or subject to loss by depredations or hostilities,
the properly of our people. The State of Georgia,
by this compact, surrendered to a certain extent,
tneir right to control those Indians, and this Gov-
ernment agreed and undertook, on its part, to
remove them from within our limits, and that it
should be done in such a manner that we should
be protected from loss. The Government failed
to do it, and in failing to do it, she has not indem-
nified our citizens, and has not dischared, inspirit,
the obligations imposed upon her by that compact.
By that contract we surrendered to the United
States our right, as a State, to take from them
contributions for damages incurred in war, and we
surrendered it to the Government upon the belief
that the power thus granted was to be exercised
for our benefit. This Government has not exer-
cised it, as l>y virtue of the compact she was bound
to exercise it.
Then the principle upon which these claims
have been rejected is not applicable to these Indian
tribes in their relations to the United States, but
it is alone applicable to independent sovereignties.
The Indian tribes have never been recognized as
sovereignties, but the United States has treated
them as wards, exercising guardianship over
them.
1 therefore oppose the amendment of the gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Sackett.] We
are entitled to the whole of this money, and it
should be paid now.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment offered by Mr. Sackett, and it was not
agreed to.
The question then recurring upon the amend-
ment of Mr. Johnson, as amended on the motion
of Mr. Toombs, and being taken, it was not agreed
to.
The Clerk then resumed the reading of the bill,
and the following clause in reference to the Creek
Indians being under consideration—
" For twenty third of thirty-three installments for educa-
tion, stipulated hi the thirteenth article of the treaty of the
4th January, 1845, .$3,t'0l)
Mr. HOUSTON moved to amend the same by
inserting after the words " treaty of the" the
words "twenty-fourth of March, one thousand
eight hundred and thirty-two, and fourth article of
the treaty of the," so that it will read—
tc For twenty third of Ihirty three installments for educa-
tion, stipulated in the thirteenth article of the treaty of the
24th of March, 183-2, and fourth article of the treaty of the
4th January, 1845, $3,00U."
The question was taken, and the amendment
was agreed to.
The following clause in relation to the Miamies
being under consideration—
" For permanent provision for the purchase of one thou-
sand pounds of tobacco, ten thousand pounds of iron, and
one thousand pounds of steel, supulated in the fourth arti-
cle of the treaty of the 23d of October, 1826, -$770
Mr. HOUSTON moved to strike out the word
" ten," and insert " two."
The question was taken, and the amendment
was agreed to.
The following clause in reference to the Eel
Rivers (Miamies) being under consideration—
" For permanent annuity, stipulated in the fourth article
of the treaty ul the 3d of August, 179j, $500;"
Mr. HOUSTON said: I wish to propound to the
chairman of the Committee on Indian Affairs, or
to any other member of that committee, a ques-
tion in reference to these Eel River Miami's.
There was a suggestion made at the last session
of Congress that some steps should be taken by
which this annuity should be terminated. The
tribe is reduced to a mere handful, not now num-
bering more than twelve or fifteen. I wish to in-
quire of the Committee on Indian Affairs whether
any steps have been taken upon that suggestion,
or whether they propose an amendment to effect
I that object now ?
Mr. FITCH. The tribe is reduced to a few
individuals, but still 1 do not see but that we must
respect our treaty stipulations with them. I do
not think we are authorized to stop the annuities.
If the chairman of the Committee on Ways and
Means, or any other person, moves to strike it
out, I cannot help it; but I do not see any thing in
the treaty which authorizes us, notwithstanding
the reduction of the tribe, to discontinue the an-
nuities winch we have promised them.
Mr. BK.IGGS. 1 desire to offer an amendment,
upon the recommendation of the Committee on
Indian Affairs, to come in at the end of the clauses
ill reference to the I'ottawatomies.
The amendment was as follows:
" To supply a deficiency ill the appropriation of Septem-
ber 3d, 18.VI, tor the pa vinent o| tlie balance of an award to
(Jeneral William It. Mitchell, commissioner miller the
neaty of t'tneafio of the 'Jtiili or September, IH.'H, with the
Pottawatomie*, reported by him to III*1 Secretflryot War,
cm Ihe2*th of Jauti.iry, 18 il, as adjudicated and approved
by the said Secretary in Ins decision ol March 3, 1811, tin;
sum of $4,2'K)."
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not understand that
matter as having been investigated by the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. DUNHAM. It is the balance of a claim
already adjudicated, and found to be due.
Mr. BRIGGS. I was authorized by the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs to offer it.
The question was then taken on the amendment,
and it was agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON. I send to the Clerk's desk
an amendment, which, I understand, was ordered
by the Committee on Indian Affairs to be reported;
but the gentleman of that committee who had it in
charge is not in, and it has been furnished me by
another gentleman.
The amendment was as follows, to come in after
the clause just read in reference to the Stockbridge
Indians:
'• For the reappropriation of tins amount, bein? a part of
theMjm carried to the surplus fund, per warrant No. 13,
datedJtine 30, 1840, for the payment of claims of that por-
tion of the Stockbridge and Munsee tnbe of Indians that
emigrated west, under the sixth article of the treaty of Sep-
tember 3, 1839, ^702."
The question was taken, and the amendment
was agreed to.
Mr. FITCH. I offer the followingamendment,
to come in at the end of the clauses in relation to
the Shawnees.
The amendment was read as follows:
" For payment in full of all claims under that part of the
treaty ot 1831, which has relation to the grant of one hun-
dred thousand acres of laud, in fee-simple, to the then Ohio
Shawnees, ,-$66,246 23 : Provided, That the receipt shall
specify that it is in full satisfaction of all such claim."
Mr. FITCH said: Little need be said in rela-
tion to that amendment. I presume it is fully un-
derstood from the full discussion had upon the
subject at the last session. It was adopted then
by the Committee on Indian Affairs, by the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the stateof the Union, and
by the House, but unfortunately it was stricken
out in the Senate. The appropriation is rendered
necessary by treaty stipulations, by justice, and
as we cannot give them the land which we received
from them, we should give them the money which
we received into the Treasury by the sale of their
lands.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 am opposed to the amend-
ment, and I rely upon the argument made by the
gentleman from Texas [Mr. Howard] to show
that it should not be adopted.
The House was then divided upon the amend-
ment, and there were—ayes 46, when
Mr. TAYLOR demanded tellers; which were
ordered; and Messrs. Ingersoll and Jones were
appointed.
Mr. TAYLOR. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Fitch] whether this appropri-
ation was recommended by the Department?
Mr. FITCH. It has been recommended by
the Indian Department, by the Secretary of the
Interior, and even by the President himself.
The question was then taken, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 65, noes 56.
So the amendment was adopted.
Mr. HOWARD. Is it in order to move an
amendment to the amendment as adopted?
The CHAIRMAN. It is.
Mr. HOWARD. I move the following pro-
viso:
Provided, That this appropriation Bhall not be held to
affect the title of the Ohio Shawnees to the land under the
treaties of 1825 and 1831.
