1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
811
The object of moving the amendment is this: We
do not injure the Indians by giving them money,
but if we give a construction to this treaty which
will divest them of land already vested in them, we
do them a serious injury by taking the land and
giving them this amount of money, jt is a per-
fectly-clear legal proposition that the title of this
land was vested in the Indians by the treaty of
1835, which reads thos:
" It is further agreed by the contracting parties, that in
consideration of the cession aforesaid, the United States do
hereby agree to give to the Shawnee tribe or Indians within
the State or Missouri, for themselves, and for those of the
same nation now residing in Ohio, who may hereafter emi-
grate to the west of the Mississippi river, a tract of land
equal to fifty miles square, situated west of the State of
Missouri, and within the purchase lately made from the
Osages hy treaty bearing date the second day of J une, 1825,
and within the following boundaries," &c.
There is no doubt at all, that under that treaty
the title vested in the Indians; the Supreme Court
of the United States have decided in a variety of
cases that title may vest as well by law as by
patent, and indeed that a title bylaw is of a higher
nature than that by patent. This was in 1825.
In 1831, the Government made a treaty with the
Ohio Shawnees, by which they were to move
within this tract, recited in the treaty of 1825, and
the Government stipulated that they should have
one hundred thousand acres of land. The history
of it, no doubt, was this: The Indians in Ohio
had one hundred thousand acres of land, and the
Government found it necessary to stipulate that
they should have one hundred thousand acres of
land of this territory, or in some other territory to
be selected by the Government of the United States.
When they arrived in that territory they blended
themselves with the Missouri Shawnees as one
tribe, and did not claim a division or separation
of the hundred thousand acres given to them, for
the reason, no doubt, that under the treaty of
1825, instead of one hundred thousand acres, they
were entitled to eight hundred thousand, the Ohio
tribe being about one half of the whole tribe; and
there are now, according to the report of the De-
partment, about eight hundred Indians within that
territory, the whole amount of the fifty miles
square being, according to the report of the sur-
veyor, one million six hundred thousand.
It is not, therefore, in the power of the Gov-
ernment to divest that title. They ought not to
seek to divest it, and we should not, by any ac-
tion which we take here, pass such a law as may
be held to divest the title of those Indians. To
do so would be a gross impropriety, as well as a
violation of compact, and therefore, I hope that if
we give them money to pay for lands they already
have, we will not put a construction upon it which
win give the whole land to one half of the tribe,
and deprive the ether half of it. This would be
contrary to the manifest conditions of the treaty
of 1825. The object of the treaty Of 1831 was
merely to guaranty that the Ohio Shawnees should
have at least one hundred thousand acres of land.
It contains no provision divesting any larger
amount granted by the previous treaty.
I wish, further, to state that the treaty of 1831
recites the treaty of 1825, and the patent of 1844,
which was issued to these Indians, was issued to
the whole tribe, and made them tenants in com-
mon; and the patent recites both treaties, and the
rights of both parties.
Mr. FITCH. The amendment introduced is
harmless, because this amendment of mine cannot
affect the right of the Ohio Shawnees to any land
promised under the treaty of 1831, for the promise
not having been fulfilled, they have no right. Their
right accrues only under the treaty of 1825, and
that is the right of occupancy only. They were
residing at that time hundreds of miles from the
Missouri Shawnees, with whom we made*the
treaty, and at the same time that our commis-
sioner made a treaty with the Missouri Shawnees,
another commissioner, as I stated on yesterday,
attempted to treat with the Ohio Shawnees. The
Missouri Shawnees were aware of this, and ex-
pecting the attempt to be successful, they desired
to invite the Ohio Shawnees, or a portion of them,
among themselves. Hence the insertion into the
treaty of 1825 of the permission of the Ohio Shaw-
nees to reside on the fifty miles square, if they
chose to do so. The Ohio Shawnees were no
party to that treaty. It was a treaty between the
United States and the Missouri Shawnees, by
which the right of occupancy was given by the
Missouri Shawnees to their Ohio brethren, if they
chose to avail themselves of it. The Ohio In-
dians then refused to treat, but subsequently, in
1831, they did treat, and sold their lands—some
ninety thousand acres—and a part of the proceeds
of that land, it was stipulated, should be paid to
them, and the sum of seventy cents per acre of the
proceeds was to be retained, and is retained in the
Treasury of the United States. In consideration
of that seventy cents, they were to have, by the
language of the treaty of 1831, a grant by patent
in fee-simple, to them and their heirs forever, one
hundred thousand acres of land. They asked for
their patent. They did not esteem the right of
occupancy which the Missouri Shawnees had
given them in fulfillment of the promise of one hun-
dred thousand acres, because that would place us
in the attitude of twice selling the same piece of
property, and twice receiving pay for it; once from
the Missouri Shawnees and once from the Ohio
Shawnees. They asked for the one hundred thou-
sand acres, and not for money. They were told
that the one hundred thousand acres could not be
given them in fee-simple within the fifty miles
square, because that was the land of the Missouri
Shawnees, and that it could not be given out of the
contiguous lands, because those were already given
away to other tribes. It cannot be given now, for
the additional reason that we design to organize a
Territory there. The House has a bill for that pu r-
pose, and our policy is now to extinguish the In-
dian titles, and not to make new ones. The money
is in the Treasury, and the question is, whether
you will give them the land or the money. You
cannot give them the land, and hence they ask for
the money.
Mr. HOWARD. Let the patent be read.
Mr. FITCH. I have no objection to its being
read.
Mr. HOWARD. These fifty miles square were
patented to the Missouri Shawnees, subject to the
right of occupancy of the Ohio Shawnees.
Mr. HALL. I move to strike out 1831, and I
do so for the purpose of asking my friend from
Texas a question. I understand the claim of the
Ohio Shawnees is based on the fact that they have
not received the one hundred thousand acres which
(hey say they were entitled to under the treaty of
1831, and that this money is appropriated in lieu of
that land. Now, if the gentleman's amendment be
adopted, will the Ohio Snawnees still have the right
to this one hundred thousand acres of land? If
they would, I think that the amendment is wrong.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I understand the
claim to which this proviso is offered to be this:
In 1825 the United States made a treaty with the
Shawnees of Missouri, under which the land they
now occupy was set apart and given to them, not,
as the gentleman from Indiana contends, with an
invitation to the Ohio Shawnees to come among
them and settle there, but with areaervation on
the' part of the United States Government that it
should assign them land within it whenever they
could induce the Ohio Shawnees to sell their land
in that State and move west. The United States
did, subsequently, in 1831, treat with the Shaw-
nees of Ohio. We were to give them for their
land in Ohio one hundred thousand acres within
or contiguous to the fifty miles square assigned to
the Shawnees of Missoi*i under the treaty of
1825. The United States clearly having the right,
under that treaty, to assign the Ohio Shawnees the
one hundred thousand acres within the fifty miles
square, they have gone there and occupied that
country from then till now, and if we pass this ap-
propriation and pay them the money, we thereby
say to the Missouri Shawnees that this people
had no right to be moved on their land; that they
have now no interest in it; that they have not
one foot of land which the United States have as-
signed them, and that they are to be homeless
and houseless and dependent alone on them. This
money, as I understand, is to pay them for the
land which they say we cannot give them. We
have given them one hundred thousand acres with-
in the fifty miles square, and issued a patent to
them for it.
Mr. HOWARD. Instead of taking the one
hundred thousand acres undSr the patent, they
took as tenants in common, which would give
them, instead of one hundred thousand acres, eight
hundred thousand acres, that being half the tract.
Mr. DUNHAM. Have they not refused to
take it?
Mr. HOWARD. So far from it, they had the
right to claim as tenants in common, knowing
they were to get eight hundred thousand acres,
instead of one hundred thousand acres.
Mr. FITCH. I should like to know on what
the gentleman founds that presumption. They
knew they were to receive one hundred thousand
acres. They asked for it after they went there,
and they continued to ask for it.
Mr. HOW ARD. The gentleman is altogether
mistaken. The Indian agent told them that it
would be better for them to take as tenants in com-
mon, and they pursued that course; for they had
sense enough to see that they got more land by it.
Mr. MEADE. I would ask thegenilsman from
Texas whether it was with the consent of the Mis-
souri Shawnees that this land was let in common?
Mr. HOWARD. It appears that it was nnt
only by the consent of the Missouri Shawnees,
but that they came here with what I may term a
cross-petition, that they paid for the land in 1825;
that these Ohio Shawnees were not entitled to this
money, but that they were, if it were appropriated
at all.
Mr. FITCH. I am sorry the gentleman has
fallen into another error. That cross-petition was
disavowed by the Missouri Shawnees.
Mr. HOWARD. The gentleman has fallen
into an error himself. So far from disavowing it,
they have now come to a compromise, as I under-
stand, and agree, if they can get the money, for
which there is no consideration, paid, they will
divide it equally. [Laughter.]
Mr. FITCH. That petition was informally
presented, and subsequently withdrawn.
Mr. HOWARD. It is among the papers, and
that is all 1 know. I hope that the patent will be
read, because that explains the whole matter.
Mr. HALL, then, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment.
The patent was then read by the Clerk, as fol-
lows:
The United State  of America:
To all to whom these presents shall come, greeting:
Whereas certain " articles of a convention" were " mad*
between William Clark, Superintendent of Indian Affairs,
and" certain " ehiefs and headmen of the Shawnee nation
' of Indians, residing within the State of Missouri, duly
• authorized and empowered by said nation, at the city of
' St. Louis, on the 7th day of November, in the year of our
' Lord 1825," which articles, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate ofthe United States, were ratified by
the President on the 30th day of December, 1825, by the
second article of which it was " agreed by the contracting
parties that in consideration of the cession," by the first
article, " the United States should give to the Shawnee
' tribe of Indians, within the State of Missouri, for them-
'selves and for those of the same nation" then " residing
'in Ohio, who may hereafter emigrate to the west of the
' Mississippi, a tract of land equal to fifty (50) miles square,
' situated west ofthe State of Missouri and within the pur-
' chase lately made from the Osages by treaty bearing date
'the 9d day of June, 1825, and within certain boundaries
<specified in the aforesaid second article;" and by the
third article of the said convention it is " further stipu-
lated that a deputation ef the said pannes of the second
' part may be sent to explore the lands assigned to them
' in the preceding article; and if the same be not aecept-
< able to them, upon an examination of the same, which
' shall be had, and mfcde known to the Superintendent ef
' Indian Aflairs at St. Louis, on or before April next,"
(18-J6,) " who shall, in lieu (hereof, assign to them an equal
< quantity of land, to be selected on the Kanms river, and
' laid off, either south or north of that river, and west of tlie
' boundary of Missouri, not reserved or ceded to any other
'tribe;" and whereas, pursuant to the aforesaid second
and third articles ofthe said convention, certain lands have
been designated and set apart for the Shawnees, the metes
and bounds of the survey of which are as follows, to wit:
Beginning at a point in the western boundary of the State
of Missouri, three miles south of where said boundary
crosses the mouth of Kansas river; thence conti nuing south
and coinciding with said boundary for twenty five miles;
thence due west one hundred and twenty (120) miles;
thence due north until said line shall intersect the southern
boundary ofthe Kansas reservation; thence due east, coin-
ciding with the southern boundary of said reservation, to
the termination thereof; Ihencedue north, coinciding with
the eastern boundary of said reservation, to the southern
shore of the Kansas river; thence along said southern
shore of said river to where a line from the place of begin-
ning drawn due west shall intersect the same. Now,
know ye that the United States of America, in consider-
ation of the premises, and in execution of the agreements
and stipulations in the aforesaid articles of convention,
have given, and by these presents do give, unto the said
Shawnee tribe of Indians who were within the State nf
Missouri, and who are designated in the aforesaid second
article of the convention, for themselves, and for those of
the same nation who were residing in Ohio, and who are
also referred to in said second article, subject to the right
secured to the Ohio band of the Shawneet hf the second arti-
cle of the " agreement ani convention made end mnclule*
• at Wapagk Kanetta,  the county of Men, and Slate of
• Ohio, on the 6th day of August, in the year of our Lord
'1831, by and between the special commissioner on the
•part ofthe United States, and the Indiaaageat on the one
