1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
81S
out from the original amendment. The gentleman
can move to strike out something from the pro-
viso.
Mr. MEADE. I move to amend the proviso,
by inserting " within the fi fty miles square granted
to the Shawnee tribe."
If I understand the explanations which have
been given by gentlemen who have spoken upon
this subject, the matter may be stated thus: In
1825, the Government of the United States treated
with the Shawnees in Missouri, and in anticipa-
tion of a subsequent treaty to be made with the
Shawnees in Ohio, they granted to the Shawnees
of Missouri much more land than they otherwise
would have granted for the same consideration.
In 1831, in consideration of this extravagant grant,
a certain proportion of the proceeds of the sale of
lands belonging to the Shawnees of Ohio were re-
served. This was reserved to pay for the excess
of land granted to the Shawnees of Missouri, for
the express purpose of accommodating their breth-
ren. If, then, the Shawnees of Ohio have received
the lands within fifty miles square, in part consid-
eration of their cession of lands in Ohio, then I
should like to know what it is we owe them.
It seems that this reservation of a part of their
money, under the treaty of 1831, was made by the
United States Government to pay for the excess
granted to the Shawnees of Missouri, in whose
territory it was stipulated that the Shawnees of
Ohio should settle. If, then, we have secured to
the Shawnees of Ohio a participation in the grant
of fifty miles square, we owe them nothing, unless
we stipulated at the same time to give them
one hundred thousand acres in addition. That is
a question which depends entirely upon the con-
struction of the treaty. If that treaty simply in-
tended to grant to the Shawnees of Ohio one hun-
dred thousand acres, to be taken by virtue of a
previous treaty out of the fifty miles square grant-
ed to their brethren in 1825, and that they had
enjoyed it, though not by metes fend bounds, but
as tenants in common with their brethren, then
there is nothing due to them, either in land or
money.
[Here the hammer felL]
Mr. DUNHAM. The gentleman has fallen
into an error with reference to the phraseology
of the treaty under which this claim arises. That
is what I was endeavoring to explain when I
spoke before. By the last treaty, the stipulation
with the Ohio Shawnees was that they should
either have one hundred thousand acres within
the fifty miles square which was formerly sold to
the Missouri Shawnee*, and paid for by them
under a previous treaty, or else that they should
liaveone hundred .thousand acres adjoining thereto.
The Government sold that land, in fee-simple, to
the Missouri Shawnees, with the simple stipula-
tion that the Ohio Shawnees should have a right
to occupy k in common with them if they chose.
Now, every gentleman must see that it was out of
the power of the Government of the United States
afterwards to convey the exclusive right in fee-
simple to one hundred thousand acres of that land
to the Ohio Shawnees, and thereby to exclude from
it the Missouri Shawnees. There is another thing
which shows that I am right in my construction
of the treaty. The Government of the United
States seemed to understand, at the time they
made the second treaty, that they tod not a right,
without the consent of the Missouri Shawnees, to
set aside one hundred thousand acres of that land
for the exclusive occupancy of the Ohio Shawnees,
and, therefore, the provision of the treaty was,
that they should have ooe hundred thousand acres,
either within the fifty miles square or adjoining
thereto.
Mr. LETCHER. I desire to propound a ques-
tion to the genllegian from Indiana. I under-
stand him to say that by the terms of this arrange-
ment, the Ohio Shawnees have no sort of title to
any part of the land.
Mr. DUNHAM. Oh, no. I did not say that.
Mr.LETCHEft. Well, no title in fee-simple.
Mr. DUNHAM. I say that By the first treaty,
they have a right to occupy the (and in common
with the Missouri Shawnees. But the second
treaty stipulated not that they were to occupy the
land in common with the Missouri Shawnees,
but were to have one hundred thousand acres for
their sole use.
Mr. LETCHER. Then, according to the gentle-
man's own showing, they cannot have exclusive
use of this land; they cannot have absolute title in
fee-simple to it-
Mr. DUNHAM. Precisely.
Mr. LETCHER. Then, have the otherShaw-
nees had the fee-simple to that land conveyed to
them?
Mr. DUNHAM. Certainly; but subject to the
right of the Ohio Shawnees to occupy it, if they
chose, jointly with them. The Missouri Shaw-
nees paid for all the land, and the United States
had no further interest in it, except as the guardian
of all the Indians, to Bee that the Missouri Shaw-
nees executed the trust in favor of their brethren
of Ohio. .The Missouri Shawnees paid the Uni-
ted States Tor all the land, and the Government of
the United States has undertaken to sell a portion
of it over again to the Ohio Shawnees.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DUNHAM. I presume there will be no
objection to the amendment of the gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. Meade.]
Mr. HOWARD. I will accept it as a part of
my amendment.
A Member. Report the amendment as it now
stands.
The Clerk read the amendment as modified, as
follows:
" Provided, That this appropriation shall not be held to
affect the title of the Ohio Shawnees In land under the
treaties of 1835 and 1831, within the territory ceded to the
Bhnwaees of Missouri by the treaty of 1835."
Mr. HALL. Say " within the fifty miles
square."
Mr. MEADE. I have no objection to that.
Mr. LETCHER. Would it be in order to
move to strike out " fifty miles square?"
The CHAIRMAN. Nothing which has been
inserted by the action of the committee can be
again stricken out. The Chair is under the im-
pression that that is precisely the amendment
offered by the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Meape,] which has just been adopted.
Mt. MEADE. I would remind the Chair that;
the gentleman from Texas [Mr. Howard] ac-
cepted that as a part of his amendment. j
TheCHAIRMAN. Then the gentleman'amo-
tion is in order. !
Mr. LETCHER. My object is to obtain some
information upon this subject. I want to submit•
an amendment to add a further proviso to reserve
one hundred thousand acres out of the fifty miles
square, if they take this sixty-odd thousand dol- j
lars. If they receive the money, require them to
relinquish all claim to the one hundred thousand
acres of land.
Now, sir, I understand the gentleman from In-
diana to state most distinctly that the Missouri
Shawnees, when they acquired this land, paid a
full consideration for it.
Mr. DUNHAM. So they did.
Mr. LETCHER. Then the gentleman involves
: himself in this extraordinary difficulty: while be
I admits that they bad an absolute title to this land
under the treaty, he comes here and claims that
I they paid a full and fair consideration for what
they ought to have had a good title to! Now,
that is a most extraordinary development on the
part of the friends of this claim.
Mr. DUNHAM. The gentleman is entirely
mistaken. I did not say that the Ohio Shawnees
, had an absolute title to it, if by absolute the gen-
1 tleman means an exclusive title. I said that a title
had been conveyed to the Missouri Shawnees with
the simple reser'vation or stipulation that the Ohio
should occupy it in common.
Mr. LETCHER. This, then, is the state of
the case: the land was conveyed to these Missouri
Shawnees, according to the gentleman's showing,
with a distinct reservation that the Ohio Shawnees
should occupy it in common with them. Well,
sir, if that reservation was put upon it, how does
the gentleman account for the fact that they paid
a full consideration for what they were entitled to
without any reservation of any sort? The whole
matter, then, resolves itself into this: that this
1 land was conveyed to the Missouri Shawnees with
| the understanding that the Ohio Shawnees should
occupy it in common with them; and yet, this
i being distinctly understood and admitted, these
I gentlemen come forward now and ask the House
to vote sisty-odd thousand dollars to the Ohio
Shawnees because they did not get their land ac-
cording to the treaty! Sir, it is nothing more nor
less than a gratuity of $o much money out of the
Treasury to those who have no properor legal de-
mand against the Government—no demand which
they could enforce. Now, if the public money is
so plentiful—if there is such a superabundance in
the Treasury that we are anxious to get rid of it
by throwing it away, it is right enough to adopt
this amendment. But, if we are here as guardians
of the public Treasury, bound to protect and de-
fend it, then it becomes us to practice for the Gov-
ernment on the same rule that we would observe
for ourselves.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I studied this
case very maturely at the last session of this Con-
gress, and I would be glad to make a statement to
the House in regard to it.
In the first place, I do not think that the House
comprehends one fact, and that is, that the Shaw-
nee amendment has already been adopted; that
there are mere provisoes to bfe annexed to it, and
that we are debating the whole matter over on its
merits, after we have already passed it. If there
are those here who do not know the fact, let them
be assured that it is a hard matter in Any debate
to arrive at the truth, when there is Do faith put
in the declarations of those who have made it their
express business to examine the subjects which
are to come up for consideration.
Now, sir, 1 have stated this case, and I wish
merely to state the facts succinctly and in a few
words. The Shawnees were divided into two
bands, one in Missouri, and the other in Ohio.
The Missouri Shawnees sold out their country,
and were to receive in consideration therefor, lands
west of the Missouri. But it was provided that
whilst they were to receive those lands, they were
to receive them subject to the joint occupancy of
the Ohio Shawnees, when they might arrive there.
The Ohio Shawnees were to go there and unite
with the Missouri Shawnees. But the Ohio Shaw-
nees still owned lands of their own. Well, sir,
the United States made a treaty with the Ohio
Shawnees—saying nothing at that time about the
Missouri Shawnees, by which they agreed to fur-
nish them with the fee-simple to dne hundred
thousand acres of land west of the Missouri, and
to carry them there and put them on it. This was
the consideration for which the Ohio Shawnees
sold their lands in Ohio. When, therefore, the
United States put them on the landaof the Mis-
souri Shawnees, they did nothing less than sell
the same lands twice, and received compensation
for them twice. And this is the history through-
out of the kind of dealings we have had with the
Indian tribes. The simple question for this Honse
is, whether they will do a simple act of justice and
redeem the obligations of the Government—obli-
gations which a man in private life would be dis-
honored if he did not fulfill.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I move that
the committeedo now rise.
The question was put, and it was decided in the
negative.
So the committee refused to rise.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I ask the Chair
to state that the amendment to pay the Shawnee*,
passed some time since on a vote by tellers. It
merely proposed what the House sanctioned last
session. The question now is upon a mere pro*
viso to the amendment and upon an amendment
to that proviso. I hope the committee will vote
down the proviso.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman states cor-*
rectly that the amendment offered by the gentle-
man from Indiana, {Mr. Pitch,] providing for the
payment of a certain sum of money to the Shaw-
nees, has been adqpted. The gentleman from
Texas [Mr. Howard] has submitted a proviso to
come in at the end of that amendment.
Mr. HOUSTON. The Shawnee amendment
is now in the bill, and there is no way to reach
it except by a vote in the House. I hope, there-
fore, that the committee will finish the bill, and
then we can have a vote on the amendment in the
House to-morrow.
Mr. LETCHER. I withdraw my amendment
to the proviso.
The question then recurred upon the adoption
of the proviso of Mr. Howard, and being taken,
43 rose in the affirmative.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I demand tell-
ers. It is very evident that we shall not have a
quorum without.
Tellers were ordered.
I Mr. ORR. It is very evident that there is no
