816
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 24.
if they do allow it to pass now, the principle will
be established that you can appropriate money in
the States, and it will be done with their assent.
If you can appropriate money for the purpose of
discovering the best route by critical and scientific
surveys and explorations in the States, you can
appropriate money for the purpose of making a
road on the route which shall be ascertained to be
suitable. At least the difference is very slight. It
is not necessary, when you appropriate money
from the Treasury to construct a road within a
State, that you shall assume jurisdiction, because
you can always find corporations authorized by
the State to take charge of the work, and to apply
your money 10 the purpose, whenever you vote
it; and you need have nothing more to do with it. ,
The principle is the same in both cases, when you
come to look at it. I am in favor of the amendment
of the honorable Senator from Ohio, and I want
to find out this morning whether we have a pros-
pect at the next session of Congress, or at the
present session, by the adoption of this amend-
ment, of having the principle which was estab-
lished the other day reversed; or whether we may
hereafter expect any opposition to the appropria-
tion of money from the Treasury for the purpose
of aiding in the construction of this great national
railroad in the States.
I do not make these remarks invidiously, but to
call the attention of honorable Senators to the fact,
that there is no distinction in principle between the
power to appropriate for surveys in a State, and
for the construction of a work of internal im-
Erovement there. I hope that the amendment will
e ingrafted upon the bill; not because, as a gen-
eral rule, it is regular or convenient, or even a safe
mode of legislation, but because I think this is an
exigency. And as a friend of this great measure,
I am rejoiced to see that there is some prospect of
an initiatory step being taken, which will control
the ultimate decision of Congress upon this sub-
ject, and will lead to the construction of the road j
within some reasonable time. I
Mr. BUTLER. I understand very distinctly
that the honorable Senator from Tennessee is per-
fectly willing to become an indorser of any paper
which looks towards the completion of this great
railroad. He would take it blindfold. I have no
doubt, if you would put it to him in any form, he
would indorse it. He would indorse anything
looking to it. I know that with him this is an
entering wedge to this great scheme; it is an in-
sidious mode of establishing it; and I say here,
that sooner than submit to this irregular, danger- j
ous, and irresponsible mode of legislation, I will
bring this Government to a stand, and vote against
the appropriation bills. 1 will not hesitate; I will
let the wheels of Government stand still, rather
than submit to this species of legislation. I am
not so much interested in the appropriations of the
Government as to suffer minorities to be buried
under this form of legislation whenever gentlemen
may think proper to adopt it.
Mr. BELL. I beg the honorable Senator's
pardon. I understood him distinctly to say that, i
under other circumstances, he did not know that
be would not be willing to vote for the amend-
ment.
Mr. BUTLER. I said, that if modified to sat-
isfy my notions, I might vote for it; but I do not
intend that anybody shall mould notions for me
by their speeches or motions.
Mr. BELL. I do not know what modifications
the honorable Senator may require in order to
suit his notions.
Mr. BUTLER. I do not choose to tell you.
Perhaps they are different from what some might
conjecture.
Mr. WALKER. As I intend to propose an
amendment to this amendment, I think that, while
the discussion is going on, it might as well be be-
fore the Senate. I will therefore read the amend-
ment, as a part of my remarks, and ask the at-
tention of the Senate to it. It is to amend the
amendment of the Senator from Ohio, by striking
out all after the word " That," where it first oc-
curs, and inserting:
With a view to the ultimate construction of a railroad
i'roin some suitable point west ol'the Mississippi river, to
«ome practicable point on the coast of the Pacific ocean or
the eastern line oi California, within the jurisdiction of the
United State-", there shall be detailed from the Corps of
Topographical Engineers a sufficient force, whose duty it
snail be to proceed, as soon as practicable, to select, survey,
^locate, and mark ou the most proper and eligible ground, a
route not more than three hundred feet wide for said rail-
road, and to make and report to the Secretary of War, a
map of such survey and location, together with an approxi-
mate estimate of the co«t of constructing such railroad.
Sec. —. Jind be it further enacted, That, as soon as
practicable after said route shall tl-ive been surveyed and
located, there shall be surveyed, as tlie other land^ of the
United Slates have been heretofore surveyed, six town-
ships wide on either side of said route, through the whole
extent ot the public lands along such route; and the even-
numbered sections of the lands so to be surveyed, except
the sections sixteen and thirty-six, shall be granted and
patented by the United State--, free of cost, in quantities
not exceeding one hundred and sixty acres, to each person
who shall settle upon, occupy, and cultivate the same tor
one year: Provided, That sueli occupant shall be the head
ofa family, or, if single, of the age of twenty one years and
upwards, a citizen ol'the United States, or having declared
his or her intention to become such, according to the natu-
ralization laws ol'the United Stares; and tile odd-num-
bered sections of said lands shall he sacredly held and dis-
posed of lor ihe ultimate construction of said railioad, and
' the lurmslnng and equipment ot the same.
Skc. —. .tfiid be it farther enacted, That the sum of
| if be, and the same is hereby, appropriated out of any
money in the Treasury not otheuvise appropriated, for the
purpose ot carrying this act into etfect.
Mr. President, my views of this proposition I
will give as briefly as I can, premising, however,
in the first instance, that it has appeared to me to
be a very great adventure on the part of the Uni-
ted States to construct this road for what is esti-
mated to be a distance of two thousand miles if
it takes one route, and upwards of one thousand
miles if it takes another, through a country that is
uninhabited. I think that the plan which 1 have
proposed will settle that country, and settle it im-
mediately. I believe that whenever it shall be cer-
tainly known that this railroad route is surveyed
and permanently located, and that a portion of the
land is to be granted free of cost to actual settlers,
they wilt hurry to it, and will settle along the
route. This will constitute a settlement on each
side of the road thirty-six miles deep. If so set-
| tied, there will be distributed along the route of
| road, labor for its construction. There will be
| distributed along the route the means for the pro-
duction of provisions necessary for the laborers
on the road; and there will be distributed along it
the implements and the tools, and the means of
manufacturing those implements necessary in the
construction of the road. This proposition will
do more: It will create, if the road is constructed,
a way freight and travel; and without this, I am
very confident that the constructors of the road
will be greatly embarrassed, and they must remain
without this way freight and travel, unless there
are people to travel and constitute a commerce
upon it.
These are my views of the benefits that would
result from this proposition. I may over-estimate
them, but I cannot believe that 1 have done so.
When I advert to my own observation and ex-
perience in regard to the settlement of the two
States of which I have been a resident, where
there were no such inducements as the prospect of
the construction of this great railroad holds out,
and when I reflect upon the rapidity with which
this country, as an entirety, has been settled and
become occupied, I cannot believe that I over-esti-
mate the advantages which will result from this
proposition. Its adoption will lead to the appre-
ciation of the land, and for two main, prominent
' reasons: one is, the fact that the road is there lo-
cated; the second is, that the sections appropri-
ated to settlement being cultivated and improved
will enhance the value of those sections reserved
for the construction of the road. This proposition
will give thirty-six sections of land to every mile
of railroad, thirty sections to be appropriated by
] the Government to the construction of the road.
! I believe they will construct it. And there is this
| further advantage that will result from this prop-
osition: if the settlement goes on upon the land
as I anticipate, these settlements will begin to re-
: quire territorial governments. Under the legis-
lative power which we have always granted these
territorial governments, they can create corpora-
j tions for the purpose of operating in the construc-
j tion of this work, and hence we avoid those con-
j stitutional difficulties which have arisen here about
j the power of the Government to act in regard to
| this matter at all. That is all I have to say at
i present. I offer this as an amendment Mi the
i amendment of the Senator from Ohio, with the
hope that it may be adopted.
Mr. CHASE. Mr. President, the amendment
offered by the Senator from Wisconsin will in-
troduce a new element into this discussion, and
will probably, if adopted, defeat all action upon
this subject at this Congress. I would very cheer-
fully vote for several of the principles incorpo-
rated in that amendment, properly embodied and
guarded, upon any other occasion. It embraces, to
a certain extent, the principles of the homestead
bill, but it also proposes action upon certain
other matters which the Senate is hardly prepared
to act upon immediately. I hope, therefore, that
the Senator will not press his amendnent as an
amendment to the one which I had the hon®r to
submit to the Senate.
While I am up, I will give very briefly what
seems to me to be sufficient answers to the objec-
tions which have been urged against the amend-
ment offered by me.
It is said by the Senator from Virginia [Mr.
Hunter] that this amendment is out of place
upon this bill. Ifitisoutof place, it is very certain
that a great deal of our former legislation has been
out of place. Ever since I have been in this body,
it has been usual to offer amendments of almost
every description to any of the appropriation bills.
Yesterday, under the name of an amendment from
the Committee on Military Affairs, we revived
the system of fortifications. If there is anything
which will operate as a defense to this country, is
it not a railroad connecting the Pacific with the
Atlantic? It seems to me the amendment is in
place, exactly in place, in the very place, and the
only proper place for it.
Mr. HUNTER. Will the Senator allow me to
ask htm if it would be in place to move as an
amendment to this bill a bill establishing a rail-
road from the Atlantic to the Pacific ?
Mr. CHASE. If I had proposed such an
amendment, I would answer the inquiry. I now
' propose only such preliminary surveys as are
essential to the first step towards the establish-
ment of this great route of communication. I
stated before that there was an amendment pre-
cisely in point for this—an amendment offered to
the Army bill in 1849, by the Senator from Texas.
! There is no difference in principle between that
amendment and this. That amendment received
the sanction of both Houses, and became a part
of the Army bill of that year. Thus, as it seems
to me, precedent and reason equally support this
amendment.
It is also suggested, as an objection, that the
amendment allows the engineers of the Govern-
ment to act in concert with the engineers of pri-
vate companies. It proposes, in this respect,
nothing more than is common in the action of the
Government. It does not require the President
to direct any concert. It does not necessitate any
concert, but simply authorizes the President to
i employ Government engineers, and direct them
to act in concert with engineers of a private com-
pany, so as to obtain the greatest amount of the
most reliable information with the least expense.
In my judgment that is a wise and economical pro-
i vision.
i As to the phantom of a corporation, which so
I frights some Senators from their propriety, this
amendment does not touch that subject. It care-
| fully excludes the word and the idea of a corpo-
, ration. There is nothing in the amendment which
relates to a corporation at all; that objection,
therefore, is of no force. But I may be allowed to
say, in passing, that I cannot clearly perceive that
distinction so apparent to some Senators between
authorizing a contract for this continental road
with a corporation created by a State, and author-
izing such a contract with a corporation created
and controlled by Congress; and yet there were
II not a few Senators whose constitutional opinions
1 would not allow the former, who very readily ac-
quiesced in the latter. If there is a difference be-
tween the two, the difference is in favor of the
creation of a corporation by Congress, and con-
trolling it by the legislation of Congress. But
upon that subject I do not propose to enter, be-
cause it is not germane to the question now before
the Senate; and I prefer, in whatever remarks I
make in this body, to confine myself to the exact
question in issue.
There was a personal reference made to me by
mv friend, the honorable Senator from Tennessee,
[Mr. Bell.] I do not propose to say a word in
reference to that. The Senator from Tennessee
has said he is a friend to this amendment; and if
i so, I will have no controversy with him. I reserve
,| whatever defense I may deem necessary of the
