THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
32d Congress, 2d Session.
FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1853.
New Series No. 52.
course I have thought it my duty to pursue, for
other places and other occasions. I shall not
enter upon any topic ofcontroversy with my friend,
on any question which may prejudice this meas-
ure. Among friends of the measure there should
be no controversy. Let us go on together in sup-
port of this amendment, and accomplish the best
thing that we can towards obtainfcig the railroad.
If this amendment shall be adopted, and it shall
result, as I believe it will, in the general good and
advantage of the whole country, we shall all re-
joice.
Mr. WALKER. The Senator from Ohio
seems to object to the amendment which I have
proposed, because, hesays, it will introducea new
subject of discussion here, and mentions that that
subject is the principle of the homestead bill.
Now, sir, I was not aware that that was a new
subject. I thought that if any subject had been
discussed in the United States, it was that to which
the Senator refers. The papers have talked about
it; and, sir, if the Senator will look to the peti-
tions on file in the office of the Secretary of this
body, he will find that there are -more petitioners
for that principle than perhaps for any other that
has been petitioned for from the foundation of this
Government to the present moment. It is not a
new subject. It is an old one, and it is a dear one
to the people, and they cherish it highly. I wish
Senators could only see the extent, the depth, the
length, and the breadth to which it is cherished.
But, Mr. President, I offered this amendment
because I think it better than the one submitted by
the Senator from Ohio. In point of fact I must
say that I cannot support his. It is a good deal
'like the first enactment that we passed forjhe ex-
tension of the Capitol. We gave the President
authority to contract, and $100,OdO was appro-
priated to enable him to do so. The appropriations
nave already gone up to $1,000,00b, and I be-
lieve there is asked for in the civil and diplomatic
appropriation bill half a million more. Here is a
proposition to make a kind of survey, a general re-
connoissance of the country, to determine upon
some general route for the road, and then that the
President is to contract for it; and this is all to be
done between now and the next session of Con-
gress.
Mr. CHASE. He is only to receive proposals.
Mr. WALKER. He is to receive proposals
for the contract. This is utterly impracticable,
and I would be unwilling to receive proposals
under such circumstances. Such proposals would
constitute somewhat of a criterion in the matter,
and they would be prejudicial. But the proposi-
tion which I have submitted, in my opinion, lays
the best basis which can be laid for the construc-
tion of a railroad from the Mississippi valley to
the Pacific ocean. It lays a certain basis which
will constitute the foundation upon which any
amount of capital can be obtained necessary for
the construction of the road. It has a beneficent
object in view, so far as the settlement of the
country is concerned, and so far as the people who
are unable to get homes in any other manner are
also concerned. I think it far preferable to the
proposition of the Senator from Ohio. I can go
for the one which I offer. I cannot go for the one
whieh has been submitted by that Senator.
Mr. MASON. I rise to a point of order. I
understood, yesterday, that the Chair ruled the
amendment of the Senator from Ohio out of order;
'and I do not know how it has entitled itself to
. favor to-day. I make the point of order that
both the amendment and the amendment to the
Amendment are out of order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Badge*
in th# chair.) The amendment now offered by
the Senator from Ohio was out of order yesterday,
because it was not moved by the direction of a
standing committee. The Chair understands that
it is now moved by the direction pf the Committee
on Roads and Canals. That being the case, the
rule expressly provides that it is in order.
Mr. MASON. Very well; I wanted the opin-
ion of the Chair on the point. Then I understand
thai the amendment of the Senator from Wiscon-
52
sin to the amendment is out of order, because it
18 dot moved by direction of a standing committee.
I should like to have the decision of the Chair on
that question.
Mr. WALKER. I wish simply to make this
observation on that point: The amendment is a
proposition brought in from a committee. Now,
to decide that the amendment to the amendment
is out of order, is to decide nothing more nor less
than that you must take and swallow what a com-
mittee proposes, without having the power to per-
fect it.
Mr. MASON. I want to call the attention of
the Senate and the Chair to the fact: The Senator
from Ohio moves to amend the appropriation bill,
by introducing a new and a most important meas-
ure of policy on the part of this Government, and
he is allowed to do it, under the rule, because it
comes from one of the standing committees of the
body. Then the Senator from Wisconsin offers,
as an amendment to that, a distinct proposition,
embracing a totally new question, which involves
the giving away of the public lands to actual set-
tlers—another mode of getting legislation by means
of the appropriation bills. Now, although I doubt
not that it would be in order toamend the amend-
ment submitted under the direction of the com-
mittee, by offering to amend it only in its details,
in its organization, without introducing a new
principle, 1 would respectfully suggest to the Chair
that the same reason which would exclude the
proposition of the Senator from Wisconsin, as a
separate amendment, would exclude it as ah
amendment to an amendment. But I wish to say
a Tew words upon the original proposition, while
the Chair prepares to decide the point of order.
Mr. BUTLER. If the Senator will allow me,
I will make another point of order. I want to
put a question to the Senator from Ohio, and that
is: Has this subject been referred to the committee
by any memorial, resolution, or any other mode
of reference usually known and recognized by
parliamentary law? How has he cognizance of
the subject? I desire to know that; and if the
subject has not gone to the committee, according
to our rules, I would make a question of order.
Mr..CHASE. I will answer the question of
'the Senator. The whole subject of the Pacific
railroad is before the Committee on Roads and
Canals upon several memorials and sundry bills. '
Mr. MASON. I understand that the Com-
mittee on Roads and Canals reported the Pacific
railroad bill, which we had under consideration,
and it is here pending, which discharged the com-
mitter from its consideration.
Mr. CHASfi. No^sir. >
Mr. BRIGHT. I will explain the matter.
The Committee on Roads and Canals claimed the
bill which was offererd here originally, proposing
a railroad to the Pacific, as properly belonging to
them, and insisted that under the rules of the body
they were entitled to consider it; but it appears
that the peculiar friends of the measure thought
that the bill would be unsafe in the hands of that
committee, and sent it to a select committee. The
committee had the subject before them in the
shape of petitions, and desired to report a bill,
but never did so, for the reason that the Senate
took it out of their hands and referred it to a se-
lect committee. The Committee on itoads and
Canals agreed to' the amendment of the Senator
from Ohio, and instructed him to offer it as an
amendment to the bill.
Mr. RUSK. I would like to ask a question of
the Senator. Has a bill on the subject been re-
ported from that committee during the present
session ?
Mr. BRIGHT. Clearly not. We might have
.made a report; but while another committee had
the subject in charge, we had plenty of other busi-
ness to attend to without seeking to take it out of
the hands of the select committee. We have not
reported any bill; that is very true. If the subject
introduced to the consideration of the eenate by
the Senator from Texas had been referred to the
Committee on Roads and Canals, they wjould, I
feel authorised to 8#,y>have reported a bill; not one
without any starting or ending point, nor without
making the necessary and proper preliminary sur-
veys. They would have reported a bill fora sur-
Tey just such a measure as is proposed in the
amendment of the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. MASON. I appeal to Senators, if this
nect can be fairly and legitimately destroyed,
estroy it for the present session; and I know
of no way of doing it, inasmuch as there is a fixed
majority here in favor of making a railroad from
some point on the Mississippi river to some point
on the Pacific ocean, but by getting up an inter-
necine war among the friends of the measure.
That is the way in which we fortunately succeeded
in defeating the friends of the measure upon the
bill itself. Sir, I trust that during the long vaca-
tion which we are to have, when this question
comes before the American people, and they see
a tendency in Congress to this sort of legislation,
that we shall hear from them. This is a new,
a great, a most important qeustion, which is in
this mannersprung before the people to place the
Treasury of the United States and the property
of the Government in the hands of an irresponsi-
ble corporation ofcapitalists, to make the road, the
route of which is not known, but which is to start
from a point not designated on the Mississippi
river, and to end at a point not designated on the
Pacific ocean. I want that question to come be-
fore the people, that they may discuss it in the
local newspapers, and that they may see the tend-
ency of the legislation of Congress.
But 1 know of no way to destroy the measure
now proposed, except to get the friends of the
measure to disagree among themselyes. That is
the way in which we succeeded, very fortunately,
with reference to the bill itself. I hope there is a
process now going on with reference to the amend-
ment which will produce such a result that the
friends of the measure will not be able to agree
upon it, and we shall gain a delay of one year at
least for public discussion and consideration.
Now, 1 do not mean to say, as the honorable
Senator from South Carolina was understood tp
say, that 1 can vote for an amendment of this kind
while it retains its present form and purpose. I
agree with the Senator from Tennessee, that any
measure authorizing on the part of the Govern-
ment a survey, preliminary to the making of the
road, is a concession of the right of the Govern-
ment to make the road—a right that I never will
concede. There is but one form in which I will
accede to any survey or reconnoissanpe whatever,
and to that 1 will accede. If gentlemen who havp
charge of this subject will reduce their amendment
to the provisions of the bill offered by Mr. Madi-
son in 1796, which was quoted on this floor as au-
thority, by the honorable Senator from.Texw, 1
will yote for it cheerfully. But what is that ? Why
it is to give an authority to make reconnoissances
and surveys of the establish edjroi^es between this
and California, in order that Congress may deter-
mine which shall be established as a post-route.
That was the original construction given to the
clause of the Constitution under which they seek
to derive power now. I am disposed to believe it
was the correct construction. To that extent the
public money can be used for the purpose of desig-
nating or establishing post-routes,and no further.
If gentlemen will put their amendment in that
shape I will cheerfully vote for it, but I will not go
further, because I deny the power of Government
.to expend a dollar, or to use any portion of the
public property for the purpose of constructing any
of these artificial ways.
Mr. BORLAND. The Senator from Virginia
has now avowed what I supposed was the inten-
tion of the enemies of the railroad bill from the
beginning; and he has also called attention to the
fact, of which we are too well aware, that the tac-
tics adopted by the enemies of the bill have been
successful for its destruction. I have nothing
more to say on that subject. I suppose it is a
legitimate mode of warfare.
But, Mr. President, I rise simply to remark
upon one point. The Senator is unwilling legUj-
liitfl jn the 4iu& about this jnatter, JH* unwil-
