818
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 24,
ling to adopt a measure for building the road, be-
cause he does not know what is to be the result
of such legislation; he does not know whether the
road is practicable or not; he does not know how far
thepowers of the Government will have been exer-
cised in the execution of the measure; and when
another proposition is presented, as we had yes-
terday, and have in substance to-day, to get in-
formation necessary to legislate, he is against that
also. Not only is he unwilling to legislate in the
dark, but he is against obtaining the information
which will make our legislation intelligible and
practicable; and when we come here at the next
session, after this long vacation of which he speaks,
during which the matter is to be discussed before
the people, and propose then to do anything, we
will be met by the Senator, and those who agree
with him, with the declaration that we are in the
dark; that we have not got the information neces-
sary to legislate. And why ? Because he and
those who act with him have denied it to us, and
will not let us have it; and then, forsooth, we are
to be refused the legislation again, because we
have not the information. He has opposed our
measure now, because we have not got the inform-
ation; and when we ask the means of getting in-
formation, which we have been using always in
regard to surveys for making roads and canals and
harbors and everything else—when we simply
ask for the means of making a survey to ascertain
whether the work is practicable or not, the Sena-
tor refuses even that.
Mr. MASON. Will the Senator allow me one
moment? I do not profess to speak for others,
but the mode of objection which I present is this:
I deny the right of Congress to appropriate either
money or property to make roads or canals in the
States; but I say if those who differ with me, and
who are determined to make an appropriation are
in the majority, it is wise and prudent and right
that you should make a preliminary inquiry, to
know if it can be done, and at what cost. 1 refuse
the preliminary inquiry, because I say you have
no power to execute the work after the inquiry is
made; but if those who differ with me have a ma-
jority, it is wise first to make the examination, to
see if it can be done, and at what cost.
Mr. BUTLER. I do not care about defining
my position on this subject more particularly than
I nave done. I am opposed to the amendment,
because it is irregular, unusual, unparliamentary,
and, according to the spirit of the Constitution,
unconstitutional. 1 oppose it because it proposes
to commit ourselves to the construction of a rail- i
road, and that our engineers shall cooperate with
engineers of private associations or corporations.
Mr. CHASE. There is not one word in the
amendment about corporations.
Mr. BUTLER. It is the same thing. It is
but the preliminary step for a corporation. But I
would not say, and ought not to say, that I would
not go for some reconnoissance, because if a ma-
jority of this body, and a majority of the other
House, are in favor of the road, I at least have the
privilege reserved to myself to say where the road ,
shall be. 1 might very well vote for a reconnois-
sance to ascertain the different routes, and I then
might choose between them; but if I had to qualify
the proposition, I would vote for a reconnoissance
without saying what kind of a road ii should be—
whether a railroad, or any other. As a military
road, a railroad may be the best; but I think if a
railroad ultimately is to be made, it ought not to
be within twenty years, and that any other road
of a cheaper construction, might be very well
used for military purposes until that time. I could
reconcile myself to that. 1 could reconcile myself
to a reconnoissance generally for a road. But gen-
tlemen are not satisfied with that. They say it
must be a railroad; a commercial railroad; neither
a post road nor a military railroad; but give as much
money as they please, it must be a railroad, and
the survey must be made by engineers of private
companies or corporations. The Senator from
Ohio says it is not a corporation. I do not know
what it will come to. Crescit eundo. I will vouch
for it, if we ever start this, you will have a rail-
road, and you will have a corporation; and if we
violate the Constitution in any respect, I believe
a corporation is the most convenient, if we are to
use any instrumentality. But expediency has
succeeded everything else in the administration of
this Government. 1 know the Constitution ought
to have been long ago amended, if we are to legis-
late in the broad way which is proposed, We
have no security. The minorities have been
stripped of the Eegis of the Constitution and par-
liamentary usages. We are just set at the mercy
of a majority, who can carry any measure here,
particularly if it is a strong one, and is urged by
local companies.
Mr. HALE. I have refrained from joining in
this debate, and have contented myself with giv-
ing a vote. I now simply rise to express my
thanks to the Senator from Virginia for the sug-
gestion which he has thrown out; and I think if
the friends of the Pacific railroad bill are not a
little duller and a little more obtuse in their per-
ceptions and thicker skulled than I think they
are, they will learn something by it; for he has
said you are a majority here, you have the nu-
merical strength; in other words, you have the
brute force; but there is a minority here among
you who have sagacity enough, instead of con-
tending with you, to set you to contending among
yourselves, and by this contention among your-
selves, defeat your measure. And, sir, he demon-
strates the fact that it can be done by telling you
that it has already been done; that is, on the bill
itself. That is true. There never was a truer
thing uttered in this Senate; and it has been true a
great deal longer than the railroad bill was under
discussion. That game has been played a good
while longer than that; and I confess, for one, that
if some minority of this majority will have as-
sumption enough to put themselves up as lenders
to control this majority and keep them from fight-
ing among themselves, I will follow them. 1 am
not more than men generally in the habit of going
after leaders blindfold, but I want to do so now. 1
want one of those who have this railroad bill at
heart to put himself forward as a leader, and he
shall have my vote to the measure, and I will not
scan very minutely the details of it. 1 hope what
has been said will teach this numerical majoruy
j something of their rights and something of their
necessities, and that they will not let this game
be played over their heads, when the man that
plays it sets the chess men on this and on that
side of the board, and uses them to suit his pleas-
ure, and at the same time tells them what he is
doing, and tells them that he is not going to con-
tend with them himself, but is going to set them
to pull each other's ears, and that he will gain the
victory in consequence of the contest that he has
stirred up among them. It is a most humiliating
fact if it is so; and I call upon some of the friends
of this measure to come to the rescue. I wish the
Senator from California [Mr. Gwin] would get
through with that newspaper and attend to the
matter of this survey, and at least listen to what
is said. [Laughter.] He has not heard it. He
has got beaten, but he does not know how it was
done. Why, sir, the Senator from Virginia
plainly told him that he has been beaten,and how
he wiil be beaten in all time to come. Why does
not that honorable Senator come forward and set
himself up as a leader, and direct how it shall be
prevented. If he would infuse one half that spirit
of enterprise which led him from Mississippi to
the shores of the Pacific and brought him back as
a Senator in this body—if he would infuse a little
of that spirit and gallantry into the measure, he
would triumph. He would not have to go back
to California and tell the people there was a large
majority with us; we had votes enough, but we
lacked brains. A Senator from the forces of the
minority that had beaten us, told us how they
had done it, and said they beat us because we had
the numbers, the votes, and they had the sense
and brains; and brains will always beat brute
force. Sir, I say the gentleman would not have
to go home and tell that story if he would just in-
fuse a little enterprise of his own character into
this measure, and let us who desire to be follow-,
ers instead of leaders have the course indicated as
to the manner in which we can make our numer-
ical force effective. I call on every friend of the
measure to take hold and secure its passage.
Mr. ADAMS. Mr. President, I havethehonor
to be a member of the Committee on Roads and
Canals, under whose direction the amendment
was offered. Perhaps it may not be improper for
me to make some few remarks in reference to my
own course of proceeding. I will say that there
has been no formal meeting of that committee upon
that subject; but the sense of the committee has
been obtained, in a manner not unusual, by con-
sulting the members around this Chamber. I
could not, however, give my assent to the propo-
sition, for the reasons suggested this morning by
the Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Hunter.] it
was intended by the framers of the Constitution,
when they established two separate Houses for
legislation, that those Houses should concur in
their judgment upon every proposition before it
should become a law. If, upon an appropriation
bill, which is deemed indispensable to the carry-
ing on of the Government, you may introduce
general legislation, a majority of one House, by-
adhering to that general legislation, may force upon
a majority of the other House the acceptance of
the law contrary to its judgment. If Senators
would reflect upon that, they would see at once
the evil to which it would lead. This proposition
may be harmless in itself. T am not going to dis-
cuss its merits now; but if we introduce it in vio-
lation of the spirit of the rule which was intended
to carry out the spirit and intention of the Con-
stitution, Senators can see at once what it may
lead to. It may force the majority of the other
branch of Congress, as 1 have remarked, to yield
to the necessity of the case, and pass laws con-
trary to their judgment, or defeat the appropri-
ation bills. It was for this reason that, as a mem-
ber of the committee, I could not agree to the
amendment, and it is the reason why I shall vote
against it now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Two points of
order have been raised, which it is necessary that
the Chair should decide. The first relates to the
amendment proposed by the Senator from Ohio.
Whether that amendment is in order or not, de-
fends upon the construction given to the 30th rule,
t will be recollected by the Senate, that previous
to the adoption of that rule, it was in the power
of any Senator to move any amendment to any
appropriation bill for any purpose he deemed
proper, and to have the sense of the Senate upon
it. By that rule, amendments proposing additional
appropriations, and no other amendments, are
made out of order unless they are moved under
one or other of the circumstancea specified in the
rule. One of those circumstances is, when they
are moved by direction of a standing committee of
the Senate. It seems, therefore, to the Presiding
Officer, that this amendment being moved by direc-
tion of a standing committee of the Senate, is
clearly within the provision of the 30th rule, allow-
ing the amendment to be made. This view is
strengthened by the consideration, that, as the
Chair has just mentioned, previous to the adoption
of the rule, any member could move any amend-
ment for making any appropriation. The Sen-
ate restricted it thereafter to amendments moved
, by a standing committee of the Senate. The rule
does not require, nor does it import, that the
amendment shall be moved in furtherance of some
subject referred to that committee. That is obvi-
ous, because although a subject may be referred to
J a select committee, and although that select com-
j mittee may be prepared to report, and may have
I matured a bill, it could not direct the bill to be
moved, if it contained an appropriation, as an
amendment to a general appropriation bill. The
rule is restrictive upon the right formerly pos-
sessed by every member of the Body. It is there-
| fore to be constantly interpreted with reference to
the previous right restricted by it. But if it were
otherwise, the Chair understands that this subject
has, by a reference of various memorials, been put
before the Committee on Roads and Canals; and
as that committee has, by a general rule of the
Senate, a right to repoit by bill or otherwise, and
as an am end ment making an appropriation may be
moved to a general appropriation bill by that com-
mittee, as well as every other standing committee,
the Chair sees no reason to doubt that the original
amendment offered by the Senator from Ohio is '
in order.
With regard to the amendment offered by the
Senator from Wisconsin to that amendment, the
Chair is of opinion that it is not in order. It is
an amendment proposing an additional appropri-
ation to an appropriation bill; and the Chair is of
opinion, that as the rule excludes such an amend-
ment being moved except by the direction of a
standing committee of the Senate, it cannot be
moved by a Senator without such direction, al-
though it be offered as an amendment to a pending
amendment regularly before the body, because it
is obvious if that could be done, the whole rule
