1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLO0E.
judgments, and I give notice that f would much
prefer, and I believe it is my purpose to vote for a
bill to cede the lands to the States in which they
lie, sooner than have these topics in connection
with the land system discussed here.
The Senator from New Hampshire has said
that the lands belonged to the people. Am I not
one of the people? Is not my friend from Georgia,
who discussed this subject with such admirable
eloquence, one of the people? I turn around me,
and I see on every side Senators who I know have
sons, and, sir, a virtuous man who has mingled the
sweat of his brow with the soil upon which he has
raised children, is forbidden to participate as a
partner in these la-ds. 1 can imagine the case of
a revolutionary soldier who has reared up his
family, married his sons and daughters, and set-
tled them on small farms all around him in a vir-
tuous community, thus giving assurance that he
is worth something. His son is upon the soil
upon which he was born. It is, perhaps, the wish
of some one of the sons to go and settle upon the
public lands of the country. Who does he meet
there upon the common soil won by the common
blood and the common treasure? He meets a for-
eigner—sometimes, if not always, reeking with
crime, one who has escaped from prison in Eng-
land, Ireland, or Germany; and the foreigner tells
him, You dare not occupy this soil; it belongs to
me because I am landless. Yes, sir, the public
lands will be occupied by foreigners driven from
their homes perhaps by crime, or from a corrupt
city which pours out its population upon these
lands, and a virtuous son of a virtuous father dare
hot enter upon them; he is forbidden to do so, on
the ground that he is not one of the people con-
templated by the bill.
They say it is to the people. When they speak
of the people, I would like to know who are the
people? The man who marries and has children,
who, at the age of thirty years, has not had
the industry to earn any public land, is to be pre-
ferred to one who by the sweat of his brow has
bought himself a homestead, has earned his right,
and has the highest tenure to any land by the
highest of all services, his own industry. I do
not say that an honorable tenantry may not, as
contemplated by the bill, to some extent be found
for the lands; but this discrimination is utterly
abhorrent to toy sense of justice. I do not say
that the bill is intended to pander to the extreme
Democratic feeling which is now pervading the
land; but Mr. Webster uttered the truth, and I
heard him say it, when he introduced his proposi-
tion something of the same kind as this: "Sir,
• it is necessary to have such a proposition as that
' kind, to absolutely save us from the overwhelm-
' ing inundations of the emigration coming into
'our cities—to get them off upon our public
'lands." That is the class of population that'
win take yoKr lands. You, may paint your peas-
antry, your yeomanry! the gentleman's rhetoric
may plant colonies.! 1 do not say that there taay
not be very, many virtuous settlers upon these
lands; but why make the discrimination that every
man shall swear that he owns no land before he
shall take any; and the very fact that he has any
title to lands by his industry, is to exclude him
from them?
I did not rise, however, to go at length into this
discussion; but'wfien these topics are poured out in
this way, it is impossible to sit quietly here and
hear them. I say I will move, if nobody else does,
to cede the landsto the differentStates;and I believe
that the State of California would not take them.
She would much rather let the United States have
the management of them. I do not intend to tres-
pass farther upon the Senate._ I am willing to take
a vote upon the question. I give notice, however*
that I intend to discuss this subject when it comes
up, ai^d I intend to discuss it freely and fkjrly.
Mr. RUSK. The Senator from South Carolina
has lost his speech, because there is no proposi-
tion of that sort before the Senate.
Mr. BUTLER. Allow me to say I was not.
talking of the bill, but of some of the abominable
doctrines advanced in connection with it.
Mr. RUSK. I understand that the Senator was
taking a crack at the world in general, but not at
the measure before us; because this amendment is
to give land to all the world and the balance of
mankind—those that own land and those that do
not. But I rose, not for the purpose of referring
tb'ibe remarks of the Senator from South Carolina,
823
but for the purpose of suggesting to the honorable
Senator frorn Wisconsin, where he has named one
railroad, to insert one or more railroads, and to
add—
" Said route or routes, road or roads herein provided for,
to be selected by the President of the United Suites from
among those surveyed, having due regard to expense of
grades, intercourse, commerce, military defense, and the
protection of the whole country."
I am not authorized to offer that amendment,
but I hope the Senator from Wisconsin will accept
it.
Mr. WALKER. I will do it cheerfully.
Mr. CHASE. I desire to say a few words
upon the subject of that amendment before the
vote is taken. The amendment reported from
the Committee on Roads and Canals provides
for a survey in the mode known in the operations
of the Government,, and to which there is no con-
i stitutional or sectional objection of any kind. It
! is free, then, from all reasonable objection in itself.
It is the very thing for which Senators, friendly
to the road, on all sides of the Chamber, have pro-
, fessed their readiness to vote, if they could not
getthe railroad bill itself. Well, sir, to thisamend-
ment, entirely unobjectionable, and reported un-
: der the sanction of a committee of the Senate, an
' amendment is now proposed by the Senator from
Wisconsin. There is not an object secured by
the amendment which it is now proposed to adopt,
which is not secured as well, and, in my judg-
ment, much better, by the amendment reported
from the committee, except the grant of the public
lands along the line of the road.
Before coming to that point, however, let me
point out a difference in respect to the survey
itself. The amendment of the committee provides
that a competent force shall be detailed from the
Corps of Topographical- Engineers, and that, in
addition, there shall be employed such civil engi-
neers as will insure the completion of the entire
work certain. The amendment proposed by the
Senator from Wisconsin confides the whole work
to the Corps of Topographical Engineers. That
is one objection to it. In other respects relating
to the surveys of the route, I think the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator fVom Wisconsin is
by no means as good as that reported from the
Committee on Roads and Canals. That being
thecase, what is there which should recommend
that amendment? Nothing in the world unless the
provision that seventy-two miles width of land
shall be appropriated along the whole line of this
road, one half to be given to settlers and the other
half for the construction of the road.
My friend from Wisconsin has very well said
that this bill has very few of the features of the
homestead bill in it. There is not a single guard
upon the grant of these lands. Why, sir, the fea-
ture of the homestead bill which most reccftn-
mends it t? the acceptance ofthe community, is
that it grants lands to ihe landksa; tbat it, pro-
vides lands to those who have no Tanas. But thU
bill opens a strip of (and thirty-six mile* wide
from the valley of the Mississippi to the Pacific
ocean, and invites all who shall see fit, to come
and take possession; and after an occupancy of one
year patents are to issue, and the patentees may
sell to such persons as they see fit, and go on to
another and another portion of land as long as
they..please. Capitalists will hire settlers, ana the
man who has the most capital will be the most
successful in the operation. The most valuable
element of the homestead bill is therefore alto-
gether wanting. On the contrary, it has precisely
those which the friends of the homestead bill have
most uniformly condemned. It is not, therefore,
at all acceptable to me, as a friend of the home-
stead, as it is thus defective in its most important
features, and has not in any other respect any su-
periority over that reported by the Committee on
Roads and Canals, and in my judgment, not . so
much value as that. I trust toe Senate will not
give it their sanction.
Mr. UNDERWOOD, If we attach the amend-
ment of the Senator from Wisconsin to this bill,
and it produces as much discussion in the other
branch, in proportion to numbers, as it has pro-
duced here, we shall get no appropriation for the
military service. Now, I submit whether it wruld
not be better policy to take the matter out, and
just give us^a provision for making the survey,
without anything else. It is usual, and that is all
we ask. You are; merely embarrassing this pro-
ject, which many of us have greatly at heart, by
throwing in extrinsic matters that will lead to de-
bate and discussion, and there will be no prospect
of doing anything. I would be very glad there-
fore to get clear of these amendments, and just
take the vote on the amendment of the Senator
from Ohio. I think the first two sections will ac-
complish everything. Give us the appropriation
for a survey, and let us stop there. I think it can
be done. When the reports come in, there will
be time enough to make the amendments which
i?e ~ena'or fr°m Wisconsin proposes, and we
thereby get clear of all this discussion.
Mr. MASON. It is a matter of some moment
that the Senate^should have an Executive session
to-day._ I take it for granted that we shall not get
a decision on this question to-day. 1 therefore
move to postpone the further consideration of the
bill, for the purpose of going into Executive ses-
sion .
Mr. HUNTER. I would say to my colleague
that the only hope we have of acting on this meas-
ure will be to sit it out to-day. At any rate I would
like to try the experiment. If after half an hour
we cannot get a vote upon it, then I will agree to
the proposition ti go into Executive session.
Mr. WALKER. I wish to say to the Senator
from Virginia, that this amendment has been very
much misrepresented.
Mr. MASON. If the Senate will have an Ex-
ecutive session, it is perfectly immaterial to me
whether we have it now or four hours hence.
Several Senators. Insist on your motion.
Mr. MASON. 1 must insist on my motion,
adding to it that the amendments Be printed.
Mr. CHASE. I hope that both anendments
will be printed.
The amendments were ordered to be printed.
Mr. BORLAND. I hope we may not postpone
the consideration of the question before the Senate.
I would prefer to ftit it out to-day. I believe we
can finish it. As to "an Executive session, there
may be a necessity for it, but I confess I am un-
able to see it.
The motion to postpone the further considera-
tion of the bill till to-morrow was agreed to ; there
being, on a division—ayes 26, noes not counted. .
jj SENATOR ELECT.
! Mr. CHARLTON presented the credentials of
j, the Hon. Robert Toombs, chosen by theLegiala-
;i ture of Georgia a Senator from that State for the
' i term of six years from the 4th of March next;
I which were read.
: MAIL STEAMER BTt.L.
A message was received from the House of Rep-
resentatives, by Mr. Hates, its Chief Clerk, an-
nouncing tljat it had passed a bill making appro-
priations for the transportation of the United
States mail by ocean steamers and otherwise for
the year ending lane 30, 1854.
The bill was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Finance.
courts in iowa.
On motion by Mr. JONES, of Iowa, the Senate
concurred in the amendment of the House to the
bill to regulate the terme of the United States dis-
trict courts in Iowa; wMch^hmwWItnetH WtU tif
Strike out the third section of the bill. ' ' '
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS;
On motion by Mr. SHIELDS,
Ordered, That John A. Rogers have leave to withdraw
his petition and papers.
On motion by Mr. SEWARD,
Ordered, That Dinah Mount have leave to withdraw her,
petition mid papers.
On motion by Mr. JONES, of Iowa,
Ordered, That the petition of Campus Porter, on the 4lea
of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Pension*.
EXECUTIVE BUSINESS.
On motion by Mr. MASON, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of Executive business,
and after sometime spent therein, the doors-were,
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, February 34,1853. w
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m. Praye#
by the Rev. C. M. Butler.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved
UNITED STATES COURTS X* IOWA.
The SPEAKER announced that the business
