826
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 24,
gentleman from Ohio be sincere, and I have no
anubt that he is, in expressing himself as he has,
with regard to the true policy of this Government
to wards the Indians, he ought to vote for this very
proposition. It is not contemplated to remove
these Indians from their present location. They
would not remove. They have more than enough
of territory to make two large States of this Union;
and they are anxious to sell a portion of it, and
to have the Government secure to them another
portion in fet-simple, so that they may become cit-
izens of the United States. And it is to carry into
effect the wishes of these very Indian tribes, and
to prepare the way for their civilization and their
ultimate amalgamation with us as citizens, that
my colleague has proposed the amendment now
before the committee.
Mr. PHELPS. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment of my colleague, merely for the purpose of
answering an objection raised by the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Sweetser.] The existing trea-
ties between us and those Indians on the borders
of the States of Missouri and Iowa, secure to
them the use of that territory until further treaty
be entered into with them for its purchase. We
are bound to observe our treaty stipulations; but
the gentleman from Ohio said, that he desired to
see the present policy of the Government with
regard to the Indians changed. So do I; but how
does lie propose to change it ? Does he propose
to change it by legislation to coerce these Indians
without their assent, and intrude on the lands
which we have given them by treaty stipulations?
Would it not be better to change the existing
regulations by negotiating additional treaties
witn them ? That is the only way in which you
can do it. These Indians are occupying millions
of acres of land secured to them by treaty stip-
ulations, to which the whites cannot emigrate
and settle under existing laws. They desire
to dispose of a portion of their land. And here
let me say, that the Indians on the borders of
Missouri and Iowa do not subsist by the chase.
If they desired to do so, they would have to go to
the prairies, which are some three hundred or four
hundred miles beyond their country. There are
no deer, nor buffalo, nor elk, within their terri-
tory, and hence they have turned their attention
to agriculture. Many of them subsist themselves
entirely by farming. They are desirious of sell-
ing a portion of their territory. They are will-
ing that the white man shall live and settle among
them, provided that their rights are respected. You
can eive the President of the United States the au-
thority to negotiate these treaties, and unless he
has that authority, it will be some time before a
change is effected in the present policy. ]
Mr. HALL, then, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment.
Mr. SWEETSER. I move to reduce the pro-
posed appropriation §1,000, to enable me to reply
to the honorable gentlemen from Missouri, [Mr.
Phelps and Mr. Hall.]
Those gentlemen seem to agree with me in
relation to the propriety of a change of our policy,
and say to the House that this appropriation is
for the purpose of treating with the Indians, with
a view to such a change. The gentlemen .are mis-
taken; if treaties are made, they will be made
under the proposed appropriation, in conformity
with the old policy. Their territory is coveted. >
Their proximity is an impediment in the way of
the march of improvement and civilization. The
western States want their lands, and in pursu- :
ance to the settled policy, the Indians must be re-
moved fuither back. The tide of emigration which ■
sets towards the Pacific, in its onward march has I
reached the hunting grounds of the poor Indian, i
who was, a few years since, compelled to aban-
don his native hills and valleys, in what is now
the eastern portion of the Republic, and take up
his abode beyond the confines of organized States
and Territories. He is hardly become acclimated
before he is again in the way of the onward march
of the white man, and as emigration rolls west
like the billows of the ocean, wave on icat>e,he must
yield again and again.
The question now presents itself, and must be
met by American statesmen, to what part of this
mighty continent can the Indian go and remain in
peace in savage life? The footsteps of the white
man have traversed the vast plains and deserts of
the West; they have made their imprint upon the
top of the Reeky Mountains, and traversed every
I part of the Sierra „Yeveda. The land of the Cher-
it okee, Shawnee, and other tribes who have been re-
moved, intervene between the Atlantic and Pa-
cific States. The wild Indian of the prairies is
familiar with the faces, wishes, and habits of the
white man. Again I ask, where is the red man
to go—for what purpose do you propose to treat?
A few days since, it was argued with great
force and plausibility, by the honorable gentleman
from Texas, [Mr. Howard,] as an objection to
the organization of a territorial government over
Nebraska, that we could not include Indian reser-
vations and territory within the limits of a Ter-
ritory or State, and he cited treaty stipulations in
support of his position. Such a doctrine may
have alarmed gentlemen, and it may be that the
' proposition to again treat with those tribes who
have such stipulations incorporated in their trea-
ties has induced gentlemen to continue the old
policy in order to preserve the faith of the Gov-
ernment, and absolve ourselves from such em-
barrassing undertakings. Make those people citi-
zens, permit them to hold their reservations in
severalty and in fee-simple, and the supposed
difficulty is at an end.
i am not embarrassed with that question. It
was not the intention of the Government, nor the
expectation of the Indians, that the Government
had surrendered to them the sovereignty of the
country. The Indians obtam d the same title to
their new territory which they had to the old—a
mere possessory right. The Government has
manifested a guardian care over them, which, in
many instances, has much the appearance of the
protection which the wolf gives to the lamb.
Sir, it is useless to magnify the rights of the In-
dians, or deceive them with our ulferior designs.
We must have their hunting-grounds; they must
become civilized, and assume their place among
civilized men, and turn their attention from the
I chase to the pursuits that will render them com-
fortable in their circumstances. Many of them
are doing so now, and it only remains for the
Government to offer the proper stimulants and
inducements, and a large portion of the Indians
will most willingly acquiesce. It must be obvious,
that it is a question of time only; and I am glad
my honorable and intelligent friends from Missouri
agree with me in sentiment, and that we differ only
in relation to the instrumentalities to be used, and
the manner of using them.
Mr. HOUSTON. I appeal to my friend from
Ohio to let us have a vote upon this amendment,
j It was discussed in the committee a few days ago,
1 and I hope the House will vote upon it, so that we
| may get through the bill.
Mr. SWEETSER. I withdraw my amend-
i , ment
I Mr. PRESTON. I would ask the gentleman
from Missouri [Mr. Phelps] if this amendment
is not covered by a clause in the Nebraska bill ?
Mr. PHELPS. The Nebraska bill niay not
cover all the objections which were taken to it.
Because of some of the provisions in the bill some
j gentlemen desired thia as a substitute for the Ne-
' braska bill.
The question being upon Mr. Phelps's amend-
ment—
Mr, HENN demanded tellers; which were or-
dered; and Messrs. Breckinridge and Jackson
• were appointed.
The question was then taken,and the tellers re-
ported that there were—ayes 81, noes 50.
; So the amendment was agreed to.
[ Mr.ORR. 1 propose the following amendment:
I Be it further enacted, That no appropriations hereafter
! made, or that may be hereafter made for the benefit of any
j Indian, or tribe, or part of a tribe of [ndians, shall be paid
' to any attorney or agent of such Indian, or tribe, or part
, of a tribe, but shall in every case be paid directly to the In-
I dian or [ndians themselves, to whom it shall be due, or to
, the tribe, or part of a tribe, per caf>Uay unless the imperious
| necessities of the Indian or Indians, or some treatystipula-
tion, shall require the payment to be made otherwise, under
the special direction ot the President. Nor shall the Execu-
tive branch of the Government, now or hereafter, recognize
any contract between any I udian, or tribe, or part of a tribe,
and any attorney or agent for the prosecution of any claim
against any of the Departments of the Government.
That amendment is almost in the exact language
of the amendment which I offered at the last ses-
sion of Congress, and which was adopted by the
House, almost unanimously. The object ef the
amendment is to require that the sums appropri- i
ated to the Indians in this bill shall be paid directly I
to them, unless there be treaty stipulations forbid-!
ding such payment. I intended to make the lawa
permanent one, and supposed that I had drawn the
section accordingly; but on recurring to the section
of the bill, I find that the last three words in the
: section may perhaps induce some of the Executive
officers so to construe the amendment as to make
it temporary, that is, that the section shall expire
with the appropriation bill in which it was incorpo-
rated. The object of this amendment is to make
a permanent law, which I suppose is understood
by the House. It was adopted at the last session,
and I hope it will be agreed to now by the com-
mittee.
j Mr. SWEETSER. Mr. Chairman, I regret
the necessity of again addressing the committee in
relation to the policy of the Government towards
the Indians. The honorable gentleman, by his
amendment, proposes to exclude them from the
aid and benefit of agents and attorneys of their own
selection, in urging upon the Government a fulfill-
ment of their various contracts and undertakings
with them. That the Government has been de-
linquent, if not faithless, no one will deny.
Now, sir, the proposition is seriously made to
place the rights of the Indians entirely at the mercy
of the Government, and to silence the voice of all
such agents and attorneys as have their confidence.
I might pursue and attempt to find a reason. Is
it because the Government and members on this
j floor desire to denounce agents and attorneys who
! have been engaged in advocating the rights of the
Indians, as unworthy of confidence? With such
a wholesale denunciation I have no sympathy.
Sir, I cannot permit this occasion to pass without
bearing testimony to the high character of the legal
profession, to which I have the honor to belong.
It is my deliberate opinion, that the lawyers, as a
class, are the most intelligent, patriotic, and mag-
nanimous men known in this or any other age of
the world, and I cannot sit by and see a proposi-
tion of this character again incorporated into an
Indian appropriation bill, without denouncing it
as a libel upon the profession. I assume that it is '
pointed at the legal profession, for the reason that,
by common consent, whenever justice is withheld,
or injury inflicted, the injured party at once looks
to the legal profession as the only hope of remedy.
What kind of a spectacle does this proposition
present? Last year it was ingrafted upon the In-
dian appropriation bill, and the Government took
possession of the money appropriated to carry
into effect our treaties with the Sioux of Minne-
sota. A Government officer, Superintendent of
Indian affairs in that Territory—Alexander Ram-
sey—is charged with confederating with others,
and cheating the Indians out of half a million of
money. The truth of this charge is generally be-
lieved. Sir, I am glad a day of retribution is at
hand, and that the participants in that fraud will
soon be called to an account.
This policy will not do. This Government
must suffer itself to be importuned even by agents
and attorneys, and it will not be permitted to
throw over itself a transcendent shield of purity
that will not be inquired into. No, sir, no.
If there be unworthy agents in Washington,
there are many highly honorable men, and it may
not be extravagant to say, that in the profession
to which I have alluded, the public have quite as
much confidence as they have in high officials.
Sir, I do not like the proposition. It has been
productive of no good, but of much evil in the
case to which I have alluded.
I repeat what I have said on a former occasion:
I am in favor of a change of the law in relation to
seeking redress against the Government. Instead
of coming to Congress for relief, I would throw
open the courts to the prosecution of all claims
against the Government, in the locality where the
indebtedness accrued. Such a change would rem-
edy all the complaints against Congress for their
tardiness in the adjudication of claims against the
Government. °
I appeal to my honorable friend to go with me
for substantial reforms, such as I have indicated,
and there will be no necessity for this provision.
The question was then taken on Mr. Orr's
amendment, and it was agreed to.
Mr. CLINGMAN. In compliance with the
recommendation of the Secretary of the Interior,
I offer the following amendment:
"That the sum of $682 be appropriated, out of any moneyi
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to enable the
Commissioner of Indian Attain* to pBy the amount due th«
