1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
827
leg*! representative* of Annee, a Cherokee, in accordance
with the recommendation of the Commissioner on Indian
Affairs."
I ask the Clerk to read the followingletter from
the Secretary of the Interior. This recommenda-
tion was sent to the chairman of the Committee on
Indian Affairs, in the Senate, and it was subse-
quently sent to me, with a request to have it read.
The letter was then read, as follows:
Department or the Interior, >
VVas'hinoto.n,  4ufu*t 12, (853. $
have the honor to communicate herewith, for the
Information of the Committee on Indian Affairs, a letter
from the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, dated yesterday,
in which he recommends that an appropriation of $682 he
made for the legal representatives of Annee, being the
amount of the valuation ofa Cherokee improvement, under
the 9th article of the treaty of 1835-\J6.
J am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
ALEX. H. H. STUART, Secretary.
Hon. D. R. Atchison, Chairman Committee Indian Jif-
fairs, Senate of United States
The question was then taken on Mr. Clikgman's
amendment, and it was agreed to.
Mr. LANE. I desire to offer the following
amendment:
For the payment of the accounts of Governor John P.
Gaines and Courtney M. Walker, for expenses incurred by
them in quelling the difficulties with the Rogue River Indians
of Oregon, in the year 1851, $4,979.
I offer it as an additional section. I hare a letter
from the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, which I
will ask to have read.
The Clerk read the letters, which are as follows:
Department or the Interior, )
Office Indian Affairs, January 39, 1353. ]
Sir : I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your
letter of yesterday, requesting me to inform you whether,
by any existing law, I am authorized to settle and pay the
accounts of Governor John P. Gaines and Courtney M.
Walker, for expenses incurred by them in quelling the ditft
cullies with ttie Rogne River Indians of Oregon, in 1851;
and in reply I have to state, that, in roy opinion, there are
no funds at the disposal of this Department properly appli
cable to the payment of said accounts. I am satisfied, how-
ever, that provision for their payment should b° made by
Congress, ami have, agreeably to your request, addressed a
letter to the chairman of the House Committee ou IndiAi
Affairs, expressive of my opinion on the subject.
A copy of that letter is herewith inclosed.
Very respectfully, yoyr obedient servant,
L. LEA, Commissioner.
Hon. Joseph Lane, House of Representatives.
Department of the Interior, )
Office Isdiajc Affairs, January 29,1853. {
Sir : In compliance with the request of the Hon. Joseph
Lane, I have the honor to inform you, that, in my opinion,
there are no funds at the disposal of this Department prop j
erly applicable to the payment of the accounts of Governor [
John P. Gaines and Courtney M. Walker, for expenses in- i
curred by them in quelling the difficulties with the Rogue
River Indians of Oregon, in 1851. Neither Governor Gaines
or Mr. Walker acted under the orders of this Department,
or bad any official connection with-it at the time the ex-
penses for which they claim indemnity were incurred; con-
sequently I do not think the contingent fund of the Depart-
ment should be chargeable therewith, and there is certainly
uo other fund out of which they can be paid. These ex
penses necessarily resulted from an expedition voluntarily
but very properly undertaken by Governor Gaines to meet
a sudden emergency growing out of serious disturbances
between the whites and the Rogue River Indians ; and as
the accounts are unavoidably informal and irregular, I rec-
ommend that a law be passed authorizing their settlement
on principles of justice aud equity, and making an appro-
priation lor their payment.
For full information in regard to thi« subject I would refer
the committee to General Lane, who is acquainted with til
the circumstances.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
L. LEA, Commissioner.
Hon. R. W. Johnson, Chairman Committee Indian Af-
fairs t House of Representatives.
Mr. LETCHER. I rise to a question of order.
Is not this a private claim ?
Mr. LANE, if the gentleman will allow me,
I will explain the amendment.
Mr. LETCHER. 1 have no doubt Governor
Oaines is entitled to the money, but I do not think
this is the proper place to put the amendment.
Several Members. " Oh, let it pass."
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Virginia insist upon his point of order?
Mr. LETCHER. I do.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of opinion
that the amendment is not in order, on the ground
that it is a private claim. Perhaps the gentleman
from Oregon can suggest that these services were I
rendered undersome law. TheChairwill bevery
willing to hear any suggestion the gentleman may
make. ~ .. '
Mr. LANE. I have no disposition to take an
appeal from the decision of the Chain
Mr. HOWARD. I would suggest to the Chair
that the amendment proposes to pay expenses in-
curred m negotiating an Indian treaty.
The CHAIRMAN. If that be the case, the
Chair holds that the amendment is in order.
Mr. LETCHER. On what ground does the
Chair hold that the amendment is. in order? I
could not hear the remarks of the gentleman from
Texas.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Texas
states that these expenses were incurred in nego-
tiating a treaty.
Mr. LETCHER. The amendment itself does
not say so. • .
Mr. HOWARD. I will merely say, that when
this matter was before the Committee on Indian
Affairs, it was in my hands. We agreed that
the claim ought to be paid, but we thought that
there was a sufficient fund at the Department to
pay it. It appears, however, from the statement
of the Commissioner, that the fund is not suffi-
cient, or that he has none at his disposal, out of
which to pay these expenses. I think that this
ought not to be regarded as a private claim, grow-
ing, as it does, out of the negotiation of a treaty.
Mr. LAN E. I suppose that there will be no
objection to the amendment, and 1 will not, there-
fore, consume the time of the committee.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment was adopted.
Mr. ASHE. 1 offer the following as an ad-
ditional section to the bill:
Be it further resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior
furmah to the next Congress of the United State:* the
amount of land obtained tram the different Indian tribes
since the commencement of the Government, and how
much in each State and Territory ; the probable cost of the
different Indian wars, the total of the Indian annuities, and
interest on claims allowed and paid to them; as also Hie
aggregate of appropriations for service of the Indian De-
partment up to this tune; the toial of sales or other specific
1 disposition of the public lands, and the expenses of sur-
veys, land offices, and bureaus connected with the manage-
ment of the public lands.
j Mr. MOORE, of Louisiana. A great portion
of that information can now be obtained in the
Library.
Mr. HOUSTON. Nineteen twentieths of it.
Mr. MOORE. At least four fifths of it can be
obtained in the Library. I have seen it myself,
again and a^ain.
Mr. ASHE. I will merely remark that I do
not wish to encumber this bill with unnecessary
amendments, but I have sought for this informa-
tion in different places, and except, for eight or
ten years 
Mr. LETCHER. I rise to a question of order.
I ask if that resolution of inquiry is in order as an
amendment to an appropriation bill.'
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
that, the gentleman from North Carolina proposes
to withdraw his amendment.
Mr. ASHE. No, sir; I do not.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair holds that the
amendment is not in order.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. J move; that this
bill be laid aAide, to be reported to the House; and
I ask the House to take up Senate bill No. 39)
which was sent here last session, referred to the
Committee on Ways and Means, reported back
with an amendment and with a recommendation
that it do pass, and referred tothe Committee of
the W hole on the state of the Union. It is a bill
providing for the payment of designated deposi-
tories of public moneys. There can be no objec-
tion to it, and it cannot take more than ten or fif-
teen minutes to dispose of it.
Mr. GENTRY. I hope my colleague will not
press his motion at this moment. I have an amend-
ment which I desire to offer to this bill—one which
I deem to be of the highest importance to the in-
terests of the country. It proposes no appropria-
tion.
Mr. JONES'. If it is an amendment to the In-
dian appropriation bill, the gentleman has a right
to offer it, l suppose.
Mr. GENTRY. Well, I think I have a right.
I know I have a right. It is perfectly proper. It
is absolutely indispensable.
The CHAIRMAN. The right of the gentle-
man from Tennessee has not been disputed.
The Clerk then reported Mr. Gen*r*'« amend-
mendment, which is as follows:
Jind te it further resolved, That if any officer who is,
or may hereafter be, charged with the payment of any of
tiie appropriations made l>y this or any other act of Con-
gress, shall p#y to any clerk or other employee of the Un> ted
States any sum less than that provided by law, and require
such employee to receipt pr give vouchers for an amount
greater than-that actually paid to andrscaived by him, such
th,.u" act'nR 'hall be deemed guilty of enbesztenienU
shall be fined in a smn double the amountso withheld from
any emDloyee of the Government, and shall be imprisoned
for a term of two years, and may be prosecuted and pun-
ished in any court of the United States having jurisdiction
tor the trial of such offenses in the district where such of.
fense shall have been committed. .
Mr. GENTRY. Now, sir, I want to make a
statement of facts', which, being known to this
committee, will, 1 presume, produce a unanimous
vote in favor of this amendment as an additional
section to the bill. I do not desire to go into partic-
ulars, or to be oersonal; but I shall state facts
which nobody will controvert. I know a clerk in
one of the Departments of the Government here,
who was appointed to his office under circum-
stances like these: His father, who had been a
merchant of good fortune and high character, ob-
tained a little clerkship here of $1,000, after being
broken and becoming insolvent, as the only means
of supporting his family. He died very indigent,
and the sympathy in the Department for his fam-
ily was so strong that tbe head of the Department
was compelled, almost, by the force of that sym-
pathy, to appoint the son—a boy of sixteen years
old, a fine looking boy, who writes a eood hand,
and is a very competent clerk—to fill the place
made vaeant by the death of the father, that he
might have the means of supporting the mother
and younger brothers and sisters thrown upon
him utterly indigent and dependent. Well, (he sal-
ary was $1,000 per annum. Now, how does that
work? They put the boy in with the under-
standing, which they require him to consent to,
that he shall receipt monthly, as if he was receiv-
ing $1,000 per annum. while $300 is transferred
to some favorite in the Department! I made a
protest against this outrageous enormity—this
most iniquitous political crime. I called the atten-
tion of the head of the Department to it, and in
i reply, he says that there are a number of prece-
: dents for it, and I suppose it is common in all the
Departments of the Government.
[Cries of " Name him !"]
Mr. GENTRY. Now, if they can take from
One clerk a portion of the salary you have given
him, they can take it from all; and if they can
transfer it from one to another, they can transfer
it to their own pockets. It is precisely one of
those political crimes for which im peachmect is the
only proper remedy. This, I am informed, is
common in all the Executive Departments of the
j Government here, and certainly, in this case it is
J true, because the head of the Department wrote
] me a long letter explaining, defending, and justi-
' fying it.
! Many Members. "Who is he.'"
! Mr. HlBBARD. I ask the gentleman to state
who the officer is.
Mr. GENTRY. It is the Secretary of the In-
terior.. Now, I say that in making appropria-
tions, it is the duty of this'House to prevent such
executive abuses, as these. Sir, it will forever be
a soul-ce of regret to me, about to retire from
public life, as I am, that I shall not have an op-
portunity, before doing: so, of cooperating in im-
peaching some head of Department; for during the
whole period of time that I have been a member
of Congress, I believe the majority of them have
been proper subjects for impeachment. Sir, if
this House comprehended its duty, it would per-
form that highest of all the duties that rest upon
it now, and hold to a proper accountability and
responsibility these executive officers who, sworn
to execute the law, construe it so as to make it
nothing or anything to suit their own caprices. I
desire to express the opinion here to-day, as my
deliberate conviction, that this House of Repre-
sentatives is cttlled upon now, or at some early day,
to meet the contemplations of the Constitution of
the country, and to teach these executive officers
of the Government that they are responsible to
this, the popular branch of the Government. The
greatest service that it can perform to the country is
to impeach one or more of them. Such an example
as that would do more good to this country than
anything else that Congress could do.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I know nothing of
the circumstances of the case to whici.my friend
from Tennessee [Mr. Gektm] has referred, and
of course I eannot speak with reference to it.
But as he refers to the Secretary of the Interior, I
beg leave to say, thai although he is no political
friend of wine, but quite the reverse, yet lie has
