830
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 24,
to he turned out of office for assuming to do so. I
repeat that such flagrant abuses as these, in my
juisment, constitute political crimes, for which im-
peachment is the proper remedy; but knowing
that that remedy cannot be applied, I have offered
the amendment now under consideration, intended
to prevent such abuses hereafter.
Mr. ASHE, t feel constrained, in connection
with this subject, to make a few remarks.
The CHAIRMAN. Discussion cannot proceed,
unless bv unanimous consent.
Mr. TOOMBS. I want to vote upon the amend-
ment of the gentleman from North Carolina, so
that the discussion may he regular and in order.
Mr. STANLY. I withdraw the amendment if
there is no objection.
No objection was made, and the amendment
•was withdrawn.
Mr. ASHE. I feel that I am an unwilling par-
ticipant in this debate; but inasmuch as the gentle-
man from Virginia [Mr. Letcher] has brought
before the committee the conduct of the Superin-
tendentof th  Census, (Mr. Kennedy,) lam con-
strained, as an act of justice to him, to state that
some week or ten days ago, when charges of a
similar character were made against him, I received
from him the following letter:
Cevsus Office, February la, 1853.
Sir: You are requested to a-k for the appointment of a
select committer to investigate the charges w Inch inpinht-rs
of the Senate and House of Rcpre>entatiVHs have in debate
ma<le asainst me; and you are furthermore authorized to
eay, thai if the IJoi^e will appoint such a conimiltee, I will
be prepared without delay to answer the charges; and if
the committee, in reporting, do not exempt me from any
charge of fraud, peculation, or intentional official impro-
priety, or misdemennor of any sort, public or private, I will
refund to the Government every dollar of salary which I
have received, from the day I entered upon the duties of
my office up to the day upon which such report shall be
made.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
JOSEPH C. G. KENNEDY.
Hon. W. L. Ashe, M. C.
ft will be perceived that he feels perfectly con-
scious of having acted uprightly in the matter,
and courts an investigation 8t the hands of (he
House. I think it is right and proper I should
make this explanation to the House, in order to
show that he is not disposed to screen himself, if
he has been guilty of misconduct. I do not pre- j
tend to say whether he has or has not been guilty;
but I do say that he desires the truth of the charges
preferred against him inquired into.
Mr. TOOMBS. I am opposed to this amend-
ment, but regret to see the direction which the
gentlemen from Tennessee and North Carolina i
seem willing to give the question. If those charges 1
be true, a crime has been committed, inconsistent
with honor or honesty, and which ought to be
inquired into and punished. 1 do not care what
has been the practice, nor when the precedent was
first established, for those questions are wholly
immaterial. It ought to be properly dealt with by
this House.
But there is another question directly connected
■with this matter, to which I wish to call the atten-
tion of members. Congress, at the last session,
under the fallacious plea that it was necessary, in
consequence of the rise of provisions, backed by
other untenable pretexts, increased the salaries of
employees of the Government in this city twenty
percent. You find now, from the facts, that this
increase was unwise and unnecessary—that just ;
the same character of services are obtained forpne
half as for the whole of the compensation. The
object, it appears, is not to appoint officers with
reference to aptitude for the discharge of the pub-
lic business, but to give jobs to incompetent and I
worthless persons. So valuable, it seems, are these |
offices, that the holders of them can hire others to
perform the duties for half the pay. The conclu-
sion is, that you now give twice as much as you
ought to. If the basis of your system was to em-
ploy competent persons to do your work, at fair
wages, you would have nothing of this sort; and j
bo long as the officers of the Government are on the :
existing basis, there will be corruption. I verily '
believe that the House have not the energy to II
enforce what is right in respect to public employees, ij
If my friend from Tennessee be correct, a com- |
mittee should be appointed; and, so far as I am i
concerned, I can tell him that he will not find ;
me backward in maintaining an investigation to n
every extent. I will express no opinion as to the
culpability of the parties, for I know nothing of
the truth of the facts of the case; but I will say that
the institution of a thorough inquiry is not only
due to the parties interested, but to truth and jus-
tice, and the purity of the public service.
Air. STRO THER. I rise, Mr. Chairman, to
urge on the gentleman from Tennessee, and the
gentleman from Georgia, who regard this matter
as one requiring thegravest investigation, to make
their point by resolution in the House, and not in
the Committee oi the Whole. I agree with them
that it is due to the country, and the gentleman
at the head of the Department, that this investi-
gation should be had. To scatter abroad am-
biguous views, assertions which contain intima-
tions of improper conduct, has always the effect
of staining with ignominious suspicion those at
whom they are aimed, and should therefore be
'avoided. Gentlemen 1 know desire to do justice
to the parties concerned. If this debate be not
followed by an investigation, the effect will be in-
jurious to those parties, and I feel it to be a duty
which my friend from Tennessee owes to himself,
when the committee resolves itself into the House,
that he should move a resolution for the appoint-
ment of a committee of inquiry on the subject.
Mr. GEN THY. I have not got the letter I al-
luded to with me, but the charges are not contro-
verted at all. They are admitted and justified by
the Department. That is the whole of it. There
is no controveisy and there can be none.about it.
Mr. STROTHER. It will not take two days
for an active committee to make an investigation
as to how far the head of this Department and
the heads of bureaus are implicated in improper
conduct. It is due to them that itshould be made;
and I undertake to say, in behalf of the Secretary
of the Interior, that investigation into his official
conduct in regard to that matter, will have no
other consequence than to add to the respect in
which he is held by those who know him.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi. I do not intend
to participate in this discussion; but I wish to say
to my friend from Tennessee, that while I have
the greatest possible respect for his judgment, I do
not think I can voteforhis amendment. This thing
seems to me to be a sort of tempest in a tea-pot.
The persons charged with these great improprieties
are going out of office next Friday week, and I
want to notify my friend from Tennessee that we
are going to have a new order of things, and men 1
who will not be guilty of these improprieties; and
that, therefore, such legislation is wholly unneces- .
sary. [Laughter.]
Mr. GENTRY. I am told that these abuses
have existed for many Administrations.
I Mr. BROWN. We are told a great many
things which are not exactly correct. I think that
legislating in advance against people we know to
be honest, and who are going to administer the
Government properly, is throwing them open to
unjust suspicion. [Laughter.] All these Galphins
will be out in eight or ten more days, and there is
not the slightest necessity for legislation.
Mr. TOOMBS. Will the gentleman tell me who
! those are who are going to come in ?
j Mr.BROWN. Democrats, to be sure. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. STROTHER then, by unanimous consent,
withdrew his amendment.
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. I move, for the
purpose of making a brief statement of facts, to
strike out the last portion of the amendment.
Mr. HOUSTON. Isubmitto the Chair whether
the amendment of the gentleman from Tennessee
is in order or not? I am willing to vote on it, but
I want to get along with the public business.
Mr. GENTRY. You will not facilitate busi-
ness by excluding, on questions of order, legiti-
mate propositions.
The CHAIRMAN. When the amendment
was first sent to the Clerk's desk, the Chair had no
doubt in the world that it was out of order, be-
cause it proposed in the Indian bill to regulate the
manner in which money appropriated under other
bills should be paid out. The amendment was re-
ceived without objection from any member of the
committee. Other amendments have been offered
to it, and votes have been taken, and the CRair is
of the opinion that it is now too late to raise a
question of order.
Mr. STANTON. 1 understand the amendment
of the gentleman from Ohio applies to a particular
class of abuses. It is rumored that a different
character of abuses exists in the same bureau. At
the last session, an addition of twenty per cent.
was given to all officers receiving a salary not ex-
ceeding $1,000. My information is, that in the
Census Bureau the salaries of the clerks receiving
$1,000 was reduced, and the fund arising from
that twenty per cent, increase was used in the em-
ployment of additional clerks. That is another
source of corruption, which, it seems to me, it
would be well to examine.
Mr. STANTON,then, by unanimous consent,
withdrew his amendment.
Mr. FLORENCE. I move to add the word
" but" to the amendment.
While we were examining into the clerkships
in Washington, it has occurred to my mind that it
would be well enough to inquire by what rule of
reasoning, principle of equity, or legal right, the
Comptroller of the Treasury has refused the pay-
ment of the ten per cent, increase of salary which
was given at the last session to the various persons
employed in and around the Legislative and Ex-
ecutive Departments of the Government; to the
mechanics, watchmen, and others engaged in sub-
ordinate stations about the Capitol, alter giving it
to the clerks? It strikes me, although strained
decisions have been made to the contrary, that
there are only three Departments of the Govern-
ment—the Legislative, the Executive, and the Ju-
dicial; and that being the case, in my judgment,
the watchmen and laborers, the engravers anil
everybody else engaged in either of them, without
any exception or distinction, are quite as much
entitled to the ten per cent, additional compensa-
tion as the clerks in any branch of the public
service. I had the honor, a few days ago, of pre-
senting, on behalf of a number of mechanics of
this District, and others in the employment of the
Government, a petition to the House under the
rules. That petition was referred to the Commit-
tee on Ways and Means, and I hope that the in-
telligent gentlemen constituting1 it, will take into
consideration the fact that they (the mechanics, &c.)
receive a very inadequate compensation for the
labor they are compelled to perform; and that, if
the argument with reference to the clerks, that the
markets are very high, and the cost of living has
been largely increased, be reasonable, it should
have its effect with regard to the compensation of
the mechanics and all others from whom it has
been, in my opinion, most unjustly withheld. I
am sure that the mechanics who receive only one
dollar, or but little more than that sum per day, are
entitled to quite as much consideration and sym-
pathy from Congress, if not more, than the clerks.
I have felt it to be my duty to call the attention of
the committee, the House, and the country, to
this fact, and I earnestly hope the appeal will en-
title itself to the consideration due to the import-
ant principle of justice which I sincerely conceive
is involved in it.
The question was taken on Mr. Gentry's
amendment, and it was agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I now move that
the hill be laid aside, and reported to the House,
with a recommendation that it pass.
The question was taken, and it was decided in
the affirmative.
GOVERNMENT DEPOSITARIES.
Mr. JONES. I now move to take up Senate
bill No. 59, which is an act to provide compensa-
tion to such persons as may be designated by the
Secretary of the Treasury to receive and keep the
public money under the fifteenth section of the act
of the 6ih August, 1846, for the additional services
required under that act.
The first section was then read, as follows:
" Be it enacted hy the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United State* in Congress assembled, That the
depositaries which have been or mav be designated bv the
Secretary of the Treasury, under the fifteenth section of
the act of'the 6th of August, 1846. to receive payments and
give receipt* or certificates of deposit for public money
from miscellaneous sources, other than the transaction* of
the respective offices tor which they are or may be com-
missioned, may he paid in full compensation for reteivm?,
safely keeping, and paving out such public money after the
first day of March, 1849, at the rale ol one half of one per
cent, for the fir«t $100,000, one fourth of one percent tor
the second $lo0.0(J0, and one eighth of one per cent, tor ail
sums over $300,OOU; any sum "winch may have been al-
lowed to such depositary for rent, or any other contingent
expense, in respect to the custody of such public money
being deducted from such compensation before any pay-
ment shall be made therefor: Provided, That the Whole
allowance to any designated depositary lor such service
shall not exceed :$lj50(> per annum.
Mr. JONES. The Committee on Ways and
Means propose the following amendment:
