THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
3Congress, 1st Session.
FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1853.
New Series No. 53.
Robie, Ross, Scurry, Skelton, Alexander H. Stephens,
Stralton, Sutherland, Veuable, Wallace, Wilcox, Wildric k,
ami Woodward—"8.
So the amendment was adopted.
Pending the call of the roll, Mr. JOHNSON, of
Arkansas, stated that he was not certain that he j,
was within the bar when his name was called, but
that if he had been, he should have voted in the
affirmative.
The 12th amendment was then read by the
Clerk, as follows:
jtnd be it further enacted, That no part of the appropri-
ation herein made, or that may hereafter be made for the
benefit of any Indian, or tribe, or part of a tribe of Indians,
shall be paid to any attorney or agent of such Indian, or
tribe, or part of a tribe; but shall in every case be paid di-
rectly to the Indian or Indians themselves, to whom it
shall be due, or to the tribe or part of a tribe, per capita,
unless the imperious interests pf the Indian or Indians, or
some treaty stipulation shall require the payment to be
made otherwise, under the special direction of the Presi-
dent. Nor shall the Executive branch of the Government,
now or hereafter, recognize any contract between any In-
dians or tribe, or part of a tribe, and any attorney or agent
for the prosecution of any claim against any Department of
the Government."
Mr. SWEETSER. Upon the adoption of that
amendment, I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment was adopted.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed, and
read a third lime; and having been engrossed, it
was read a third time, and passed.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move that the vote last
taken, by which the bill passed, be reconsidered,
and that the motion to reconsider do lie upon the
table.
The question was taken, and the latter motion
was agreed to.
NAVAL HOSPITAL.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I have a little
Senate bill or resolution,providing for the eastern
boundary line for the naval hospital grounds at
New York, which 1 desire to take up and pass.
It will not take two minutes. It is very important,
because it involves the conveyance of a certain
portion of lands by the United States and a cer-
tain portion by private proprietors. Some of these
proprietors, 1 understand, are likely to die soon,
and it is therefore very desirable that this should
be done. I ask that the resolution may be taken
up and be put upon its passage.
There was no objection, and the joint resolution
to provide for straightening the eastern boundary
line of the naval hospital lands at New Yorit was
taken up from the Speaker's table, and read
through by the Clerk.
It was then ordered to a third reading, and was
subsequently read a third time and passed.
POST ROUTE BILL.
Mr. OLDS. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to report the post route bill. It con-
tains nothing but post routes.
There was no objection; anTI
Mr. OLDS, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, reported " A bill to estab-
lish certain post routes;" which was read a first
and second time by its title.
Mr. OLDS. This bill makes no appropriation,
and does nothing but establish post routes. I move
that it be put upon its passage.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 Ask to have the
bill read.
Mr. OLDS. The Mil is very long, and I would
suggest that there is no need of having it read.
Mr. JONES. I do not want any t>ill to pass
this House without having it read. ,
The Clerk then prodfeded to read;
Mr. LETCHER. I move to suspend the read-
ing of that bill.
There was no objection, and the reading of the
bill for the present was dispensed with.
Mr. OLDS. I now call the previous question
upon the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered to be put.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I ask thegentleman to with-
draw his demand for the previous question until I
53
can offer an amendment to the bill. I desire to
offer an amendment which the gentleman from
Michigan [Mr. Stuart] would have offered, but
he is not now present.
The SPEAKER. The previous question has
been seconded, but the amendment can be offered
by unanimous consent.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee: Now read the bill.
The Clerk again proceeded to read.
Mr. GENTRY. Mr. Speaker, I want to know
if the reading of that bill cannot be dispensed
with ? (
The SPEAKER. The gentleman may move j
to suspend the rules for that purpose.
Mr. GENTRY. Well, sir, I move to suspend
the rules. It is useless to consume the time of the
House in reading a bill to establish post routes.
Mr. JONES. I ask the Chair if this motion is
to suspend the rules to dispense with the reading
of that bill ?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. JONES. And pass it without ever being
read?
The SPEAKER. That will be the effect.
Mr. JONES. Will that fact appear upon the
Journal?
The SPEAKER. The motion for that purpose
will appear upon the Journal.
Mr. JONES. I move to lay the bill upon the
table.
i The question was put, and the motion was not
; agreed to.
The question then recurred upon the motion to
! suspend the rules; which question being put, (two
thirds voting in the affirmative,) the motion was
agreed to, and the rules were Suspended. _ i
I Mr. GENTRY. I now move to dispense with j
' the reading of the bill. j
The question was put, and the motion was
agreed to. ,
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and having been engrossed, was
read the third time.
Mr. JONES. I demand the yeas and nays upon
the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Will it be in order now to
offer an amendment?
The SPEAKER. It can be done only by unan-
imous consent, the bill having passed to a third
reading.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I then ask the unanimous
consent of the House to enable me to oflier an
amendment, which the gentleman from Michigan,
[Mr. Stuart,] who is not now in his seat, in-
tended to offer. It proposes nothing more nor less
than to construct a road from the Missouri river
to California and Oregon.
Mr. LETCHER. I object to that.
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to make a verbal cor-
rection in the biH. The word " Hickory" should
be " Victory."
There was no objection, and the correction .was
accordingly made.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I move that the
House do now adjourn.
Mr. LETCHER. I ask the gentleman to
withdraw the motion, to allow me to offer a res-
olution.
Mr. STEPHENS. 1 cannot withdraw it.
Mr. MASON. I have a resolution here which
is customary, and to which I presume there will
be no objection. I ask thegentleman from Geor-
fia to allow me to offer it before he insists upon
ia motion to adjourn.
Mr. STEPHENS. I would inquire of the
Chair if the Indian appropriation bill will not
come up the first thing in the morning if the House
now adjourns?
The SPEAKER. Unless a motion to recom-
mit be made, it will go to the Speaker's table.
Mr. STEPHENS. Will not the previous ques-
tion keep it before the House?
The SPEAKER. The previous question was
ordered upon ordering the bill to a third reading,
b ut has now exhausted itself.
Mr. STEPHENS. Then I withdraw my mo-
tion to adjourn, and demand the previous question
upon the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. STEPHENS. I now move that the House
adjourn.
The question was taken, and the House refused
to adjourn—ayes 60, noes 79.
Mr. DEAN. I ask that the unanimous con-
sent of the House be given to the gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. Letcher,] to allow him to offer
his resolution, which is to investigate the matter
relative to the Secretary of the Interior, which
was brought before the liouse to-day.
The SPEAKER. No question is in order, the
main question having been ordered to be now put
upon the post route bill.
The question was then taken, and the bill was
passed.
Mr. OLDS. I move to reconsider the vote last
taken, by which the bill was passed, and to lay
the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The question was taken, and the latter motion
was agreed to.
EDWARD BOX.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House to allow the Commit-
tee on Revolutionary Pensions to report a bill for
the relief of Edward Box. If the House will al-
low me two minutes to explain it, I am sure there
will be no/ objection. Box was placed upon the
pension-roll, under the act of 1832. Some time af-
ter, he had an execution against a neighbor of his
by the name of Henson. Henson told Box that
if he did not suppress the execution he would
make an affidavit which would stop his (Box's)
pension. Box insisted upon his execution, and
Henson made an affidavit and sent it to the De-
partment, in which he states that Box was a Tory
in the Revolution, and upon that affidavit he was
stricken from the pension-roll. Now, this Hen-
son was but about twenty-one years of age when
he made this affidavit, and of course could know
nothing of the facts of which he speaks; and I
have tne testimony of a dozen of the most respect-
able men in the county in which he lives, show-
ing that Henson is a man of notoriously bad char-
acter, and that he could not be believed upon his
oath; also that Box is a man of patriotism, truth,
honesty, and everything else which constitutes a
gentleman. I ask that the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Pensions may be allowed to report.
There being no objection, Mr. HARRIS, of
Tennessee, reported, from the Committee on In-
valid Pensions, a " bill for the relief of Edward
Box;" which was read a first and second time by
its title.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and having been engrossed, it
was subsequently read the third time,and passed.
COLONEL BENJAMIN S. ROBERTS.
Mr. GENTRY. I ask the consent of the House
to take up a Senate bill on the Speaker's table, the
object of which is to do justice to a gallant officer
of our country—I refer to Colonel Roberts—who
did glorious service in the Mexican war, and dis-
tinguished himself at every point where he was
engaged, but upon whom there rests a shade of 
I do not like to use the word in connection with
the name of so gallant an officer, because of an ac-
cident and misunderstanding that took place many
years ago, in 1836, when he was in charge of
the disbursement of the public fund, as assistant
commissary of subsistence, and assistant quarter-
master, at Fort Des Moines, on the Upper Missis-
sippi. When the banks suspended specie pay-
ment, in 1837, he had in his possession some three
or four thousand dollars of public moneys, in notes
of the Commercial Bank of Cincinnati, one of the
Government deposit banks, which had been placed
in his hands for disbursement at that military
post.
The provisions of the specie circular of 1836
forbade all disbursing officers of the Army to dis-
burse, or use for any public debt, any bank notes
