836
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 25,
a patent for them by applying at the Patent Office,
and paying >30, without calling into action the
extraordinary power of Congress to aid them. If,
however, they go to the Patent Office, they must
■wear to their inventions, and then they must sub-
ject it io the critical examination of the office, be-
fore they can have a patent. Not so if they can
pass this bill; and 1 can see no reason why these
claimants should have any greater exemption in
this respect than others equally meritorious. But
if the improvements spoken of were invented more
than two" years ago, they are either dedicated to
the public or they are not. If they are dedicated
to the public, by allowing them to be used and
sold for a long time without any attempt to take
a patent, nothing can be plainer than that Con-
gress cannot take such rights back again without
violating the principle before spoken of, and enact-
ing an odious monopoly. Under such circum-
stances, their improvements have become private
property in each person who has bought them
from Moore & Hascall, or from others, and can-
not be taken back again by those who chose to
make them so. There is no precedent for such
legislation as this in the statute-book; and 1 can-
not consent to make a precedent which would at
once bring patents into odium again, and go very
far to destroy that enlightened system, under the
fostering influence of which so much good has
been already done to the whole country. How
would any gentleman within the sound of my
voice feel, if called upon to desist from the use of
a machine which he had purchased years ago,
not patented, but which, after five or ten years,
was brought under the operation of an act like
this, and declared to be special property ? All of
us would say, if this .be the patent law, let us
have no more of it.
This leaves but one other view of the case, and
that is, it the improvements were made more than
two years ago, and not dedicated to the public.
The law does not require any one to patent his
invention when he makes it, or to declare the
manner of its use. This he may keep secret as
long as he pleases, without losing his right to have
a patent when he does disclose it. A patent is
only the contract between the public and the in-
ventor; the consideration on the one side being the
improvement, and on the other Bide the exclusive
use for a limited time; and the public are always
ready to make such a contract whenever the im-
provement is given to them; and it matters not
how long the patentee may have had it himself.
Therefore, if these improvements are in the con-
tract, they may be patented at the Patent Office
for $30, and all trouble saved. So far as patenting
these improvements is concerned, this bill makes
Congress to act in the place of the Patent Office.
We are called on to grant a patent for a new in-
vention not yet patented. All that Congress ought
to do, is to make general laws, under which all
persons may apply for a patent, and that has been
done; and it does not become us, having thus es-
tablished the Patent Office court, to assume its
functions. The Patent Office is the place to patent
these improvements in, and we have no jurisdic-
tion on the question. It seems to me to be just the
case of a private suitor, coming into Congress, and
asking for the passage of an act to enable him to
collect a debt which he asserts is due him from
certain persons, when the courts are open to him,
and an ample remedy provided there by general
laws. Of course Congress would send such a
claimant to the courts; and I can see no difference
between the cases. There is no precedent that I
know of, for granting an original patent by Con-
gress since the establishment of the Patent Office.
If we make such a one, I doubt not we shall have
abundance of business, and every one whose claim
is too weak to endure the scrutiny of the Patent
Office, will have a bill introduced for granting him
a patent by Congress.
I have thus clearly established that the provis-
ion must operate to deprive the public of rights
which are absolutely vested in them, or that the
claimants are entitled to have a patent granted to
them by the Patent Office for the improvements
invented by them. In either case, this provision
ought not to be enacted. I presume there is no
one who desires to establish the monopolies of the
seventeenth century, or to convert the Senate into
a Patent Office, to hear and decide original applica-
tions for letters-patent; and we must do one or the
Other, if we pass this bill as it is now drawn.
There is another objectionable provision of the
bill. It is proposed to extend this patent for the
improvements "embraced in the model, drawings,
and specifications," connected with letters-patent,
&c. Now, there is no model connected with let-
ters-patent. A model is deposited when the patent
issues, not as a part of the patent, but as an ex-
emplieation of the thing patented. In almost all
cases, the model contains much more than the in-
vention, and nothing appears on the model to dis-
tinguish the patented features from the others. A
steam-engine model is deposited, to show a valve;
a wagon, to show an axle, &c. The drawings
and specifications are the legal evidence of what
the patent claims; and what is not in them, is not
in the patent. In this case, the model was burned
up in the fire of 1836;and the word here,is undoubt-
edly to introduce another model made since, to help
out the patent which was issued, in some particu-
lar in which it is insufficient to give the patentees
what they want. If the patent does not describe
the invention, and it should be extended, it may
be surrendered under the thirteenth section of the
act of 1836, and corrected. The Commissioner of
Patents will then hear what the patentees can say
on the subject, and if the model can throw light
on the question, it can be used as evidence. This
is not the place to decide whether an extended
patent ought to contain more or less than the
original. A competent tribunal is instituted to
make such decision, to which the patentee must
appeal.
To meet these views of the law, I proposed the
amendment which has already been before the
Senate. Its object is simply to require that no pat-
ent shall be issued by virtue of this bill, unless its
object bepatentable—the contrary of which might,
and probably would be dont, without this proviso.
The Senator from North Carolina objects to this
proviso, because, he says, the bill speaks the same
thing without it as with it. In this construction
of the bill, I am compelled to differ with the Sen-
ator; and it cannot have escaped the most casual
observation, that if the applicants were now seek-
ing a grant of patentable improvements, they would
have gone to the Patent Office, where patentable
improvements are patented by due course of law;
and where, for the cost of thirty dollars, they might
have all that the Senator from North Carolina sup-
poses that this law gives them. Why is it not
done to-day ? This patent could be extended with-
out a contest, or a difficulty, if the clause incorpo-
rating new improvements, and granting a new pat-
ent therefor, were left out.
Are these applicants seeking merely for the com-
pliment of having Congress give them a patent,
when they might patent at the Patent Office? No,
sir. The truth is, that these improvements, what-
ever they may be, (and the patentees have not
deigned to inform us what they are, or what they
wish,) are not patentable; either because they are
not the invention of these claimants, or because
they have been abandoned to the public. The bill
makes it the duty of the Commissioner to grant a
patent for all the improvements made by these
parties, and it does not except such as have been
abandoned, or such as others may have patented.
Can the Commissioner, under tne bill, exercise
any distinction? Can he scrutinize, and refuse the
patent, because he finds that certain improvements
have been public for years? I do not so read the
bill. Read the twentieth tp the twenty-fourth line.
The Commissioner is required to certify " such"
renewal. What renewal ? The renewal of the old
patent and the incorporation of the improvements!
Can the Commissioner accept one improvement,
and reject another, proposed by the claimants?
To them is delegated the powertodetermine what
are their improvements, and the Commissioner
has no authority to settle that for them. Or, if he
has, then what power? How far may he exercise
that discretion ? If he may exercise it so far as to
refuse a patent for whatever is not patentable, (and
this seems to be the ground of the Senator from
North Carolina,) then it all comes back to the
starting point, and these parties can have a patent
for their patentable improvements without this bill.
If, however, the Commissioner is limited within a
narrower compass by this bill than that, who shall
pass these limits? The bill does not—it says noth-
ing about it. The Commissioner is simply directed
to grant a patent for whatever these parties in-
vented, and he must say, very naturally, and for
aught I can see, logically, that of course Con-
gress meant something by the act; that they did
not intend to pass a bill (particularly when the best
talents in the Senate have been exerted in its dis-
cussion) the very effect of which is, todirect him
to do what he has full power to do without this
bill; and therefore the intention of the bill must
be to direct him to patent these improvements,
whether they are or are not patentable in his judg-
ment. And why must not the court say the same
when the patent comes to them ? If it be true that
Congress has power to grant such a monopoly as
this would be, the courts cannot refuse to give it
effect; and when thisquestion comes up, they must
decide that no defense of abandonment, or of
another man's patent, can be set up; and, as Con-
gress has exercised an arbitrary power within the
Constitution, the public must submit. It would
present a beautiful state of things now, if these
parties should obtain a patent under this bill for
something for which some other man may have a
patent. Which must give way ? Who can stop
the other? The consequence is simply absurd;
and yet quite probable when these men come to
show their claims.
Indeed, the Senator from Michigan says that
these parties are the inventors of the sickles. Now
that is certainly included in McCormick's patent,
and if these parties should include it in their ex-
tended patent, how shall it be decided ? But if, on
' the other hand, these persons are the inventors,
the law gives them lawful remedy against Mc-
Cormick, or any other person who may have pat-
ented the same thing. An application being made
at the office for a patent, the Commissioner will
examine the case, and declare an interference, and
then a bill may be filed in court by th£ party ag-
grieved, (sec. 16, act of '36,) and if they are the
inventors the court will so decide, and order the
patent to be awarded to them. This is the law,
and its general provisions are sufficient for every
case that can be supposed.
With these views of the law and of the bill, I
cannot consent to vote for the bill, unless so
amended as to bring it within those just principles
which govern the general act on this subject. If
so amended, I shall be disposed to vote for the
extension of the original patent.
Mr. WALKER. This case having been once
before the Senate and been somewhat discussed,
I do not feel it necessary to go over the entire
ground then occupied in the discussion; but I wish
to say, repeating what 1 then said, that this is a
matter upon which I have bestowed a good deal
j of attention. Since the subject was formerly be-
| fore the Senate, I have had a conversation with
one of the parties particularly interested, (Mr.
Moore.) I had that conversation, with the hope
that I might induce him to be content with that
kind of legislation which has heretofore been award-
ed to persons in the extension of patents. I re-
gret to say I found him what I am pleased to think
unreasonable in his demands. I must again char-
acterize the legislation here proposed as being un-
precedented. I do not think that in any country
on the face of the earth, where institutions to grant
patents have been established, such legislation was
ever asked at any period of the world. Now I
wish to contrast this measure with another one
which is within the line of ordinary legislation,
and which 1 hold in my hand. This bill for the
relief of Moore & Hascall provides:
" That there be, and hereby is, granted to Hiram Moore St
John Hascall, citizens of the United States, and to their
heirs arid assigns and legal representatives, for the term of
fourteen years, from the 27th day of June, 1850,"
What is granted ? A renewal of a patent of a
particular date? Not at all; but this: "The full
' and exclusive right andjiberty of making, con-
' structing, and using, tM vending to others to
| 'be made or used, the improvements for cutting,
! ' threshing, or cleaning grain, which were in-
J ' vented by the said Moore & Hascall, or either
[ « of them, and embraced in the model, drawings,
' or specifications connected with letters-patent
' granted to them on the 28th day of June, 1836,
' for a machine commonly known as Moore &
' Hascall's harvesting machine." Not only this;
they are not only to have the full and exclusive
: right of making, constructing, and vending to
others to be made and used, all that is embraced
in their patent, but something more—" together
J • with the improvements invented by them, or
[ ' either of them, in perfecting Baid machine, or any
I • part thereof, from the date of their original pat-
