838
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 25,
this clause, and it will be seen to have been erased
from it. The erasure was made at the suggestion
of some gentlemen—1 do not now remember who
—to accommodate them. I shall now accommo-
date myself better by putting it back, and also
accommodate the Senators who are locally inter-
ested in the matter.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Badger
in the chair.) The Chair will inform the Senator
that the yeas and nays have been ordered upon
his amendment as it is, and it can therefore be
modified only by unanimous consent.
Mr. WALKER. The modification is to insert
in the second section,after " sixteen," the words
" and such as are known to contain precious met-
als." !
Mr. CHASE. I object to the modification. I j
hope the question will be taken on the amendment
as it is.
Mr. RUSK. The object of the Senator from '
Wisconsin can be obtained by offering that as a
proviso, after the amendment is agreed to.
Mr. BRADBURY. I have not had an oppor-
tunity of reading the proposed amendment, and I
would like to inquire where it is proposed that the
road shall commence, whether in a State or in the
Territories?
Mr. WALKER. It is to commence at some
suitable point west of the Mississippi river.
Mr. BRADBURY. It has been urged that the
effect of the building of railroads has been to en-
hance the value of the alternate sections, so that
those left will be equal in value to the whole with-
out the road. We propose the preliminary meas-
ures of building a road by the aid of land and
money. Then, by the aid of land and money, we
are to construct a road that is to double tlje value
of thealternatesections; and having thus increased
the value by taxation to raise the necessary money, j
then we give them away. I would submit that it |
would seem to be enough to give them away with- |
out this enhanced value.
Another idea presents itself, and that is, I
whether we may not ultimately need all the lands
along this line to build the road.
Mr. GWIN. Has the modification of the
amendment to the amendment been made?
Mr. WALKER. It has not, because it has
been objected to.
Mr. WELLER. I understand the proposition
made by my colleague has not been acceded to by
the Senator from Wisconsin 
Mr. WALKER. Yes, it was.
Mr. WELLER. For the reason that objection
was made by the Senator from Ohio.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The state of
the case is this: The yeas and nays having been
ordered, it was not in the power of the Senator
to modify his amendment without the consent of
the Senate; and it being an amendment to an
amendment, the modification proposed could not
be moved to it.
Mr. WELLER. I desire to say that I shall
vote for the amendment of the Senator from Wis-
consin, with the distinct understanding that unless
there shall be a proviso subsequently added to it,
excepting those mineral lands, I shall vote against
the whole of it, because it would be unreasonable
to give one hundred and sixty acres of mineral
lands in California to any individual.
Mr. GWIN. I understand that if the amend- i
ment to the amendment is agreed to, it can be j
amended afterwards. I
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Certainly. j
Mr. CASS. Mr. President, I desire to say a |
few words on the question immediately before the j
Senate. The subject of the homestead bill, that
bill equally politic and just, which proposes to i
grant land to those who are destitute, has been j
brought into discussion, though connected rather
incidently than directly with the matter now pend-
ing. I have more than once expressed in the
Senate my sentiments in favor of that great meas-
ure. I have voted for it upon all occasions when
the question was raised for taking it into consid-
eration, and I shall continue to do so until the
object is accomplished. I do not, however, pro-
pose now to repeat what I have before said. I
shall content myself with remarking, that "the
measure is called for by the very highest consid-
eration which can influence the action of the Na-
tional Legislature. I know of no step we can
take better suited to the nature of our institutions,
to the condition of our country, and to the wants
of society, than the granting of moderate portions
of our remote immense domain, much of which
must remain unocupied for ages, to persons unable
to purchase, but who are willing to emigrate there
and settle upon and improve the lands. It will
relieve from want and depression, and stimulate
to increased activity and exertion, a large portion
of our population, by holding out to them the pros-
pect, the certainty indeed, of an honorable com-
petence for themselves and their families. The
measure will add to the strength of the country,
to the resources of the country, to the productive-
ness of the country, and to all the other elements
of national power and prosperity. It would not
be less important by its example abroad than by
its effects at home. It would offer to the other
nations of the world a glorious example, which
would do more for the cause of rational liberty than
any other event in our history. It would exhibit
a care and a consideration for struggling millions
rarely found in the progress of human govern-
ments. Instead of wringing from industry its hard-
earned reward, it would be giving to industry the
means of advancement and an incentive to greater
exertions. And it would accomplish its great
work at a very small sacrifice, for ages must pass
away before those immense regions will yield to
human enterprise, unless this mode of disposing of
them is adopted, and in the mean time they must
remain a desert waste, useless and valueless.
With respect to the amendment of the Senator
from Wisconsin, [Mr. Walker,] I cannot vote
for it, for reasons which to me are entirely satis-
factory. It does not propose to grant land to
those who have none, but to all, rich or destitute,
landlords or landless, who choose to go there.
Not only so, butthere is no restriction; for a man
may make a location this year, and another next
year, and so on till the end .of his life. The
term of settlement is too short. One year is not
enough, nor will it insure improvement enough,
to secure the residence of the settler, which is an
important object sought to be obtained. Better
for his family that the term should be longer; for
they will be thus placed for some years beyond
the chances of improvidence. But, sir, there is
a still stronger objection to this measure. The
moment the road is located the right of selection
commences, and every Senator knows that along
the route there will be many valuable positions,
which will be first sought; and who will obtain
them ? Not the poor man; for he must take time,
and travel slowly to get there, and especially if he
has a family. Not so with the speculators. They,
will explore the country as the road goes on, and
find out the sites for towns, the good land for 1
farms, and, indeed, all the valuable tracts along |
the route; and they will employ men to occupy
these, and, at the end of the year, they will pro-
cure conveyances for them; for it will be ob-
served, that there is no guard thrown around this
matter at all, no oath of settlement, as in many
of the preemption laws. And I have known a
great deal of fraud practiced even in cases of that
nature, much better protected than this is by the
provisions in this bill. There is a great want of
detail in the provision, and it strikes me as very
loose. And besides, if I understand the proposi-
tion, it holds out a pledge on the part of the Gov-
ernment for the construction of this road. The
settler is induced to go into that region in conse-
quence of the prospect offered to him of his tract
becoming valuable by means ofthisgreat improve-
ment; and there cannot be a doubt that we should !
be required, by good faith, to fulfill this obligation. |
Now, sir, though I want the road, I want to know
all the terms and conditions connected with it be- [
fore I commit the Government to the work. I
want to know how much of it is to run through
various States, and how much will be within the 1
Territories. And I want to be sure that the i
former will be constructed agreeably to my views
of our constitutional power, by the authority of
the States themselves, and by grants of public
lands, and not by money from the Treasury. It
will be observed that the western terminus of the j
road is the eastern boundary of California, or i
San Francisco, seven hundred miles beyond, and |
the eastern terminus is equally indefinite; for it i
may be anywhere in the valley of the Mississippi, ,
upon the bank of that river, or hundreds of miles
west of it. Now, I am not disposed to grant such [
latitude of discretion to any officer whatever. It
i s not necessary, and should not be done. I
1 Mr. DOUGLAS. I do not see the force of the
objections urged by the Senator from Michigan.
The amendment simply proposes that these alter-
nate sections of land shall be reserved for the con-
struction of the road, and authorizes the President
of the United States to make a survey, to ascer-
tain the best line for its location. It leaves to
future legislation to devise the mode in which that
road is to be made. It does not involve the ques-
tion now whether any money is to be appropriated
or not. The presumptions are rather against the
appropriation of money, because there is land
enough set apart to make the work. And if it
goes within the limits of a State, it does not involve
any one of the objections which the Senator from
Michigan entertains, for it is only the appropria-
tion of land for the purpose; and he has always
been, and is now, an advocate of the system of
appropriation of lands in aid of public works in
States where the land is situated. Hence it in-
volves not one of the objections urged. It leaves
us free to devise the plan, the mode, and means
by which the road shall be built. It only guaran-
ties the application of the alternate sections, in a
manner hereafter to be provided for, to the makings
.of the road.
Then, again, the Senator objects that the amend-
ment is not specific enough as to the limitations
to be made upon the settlers on the alternate sec-
tions; and he apprehends that speculators wilt
send on young men who will settle for them the
most eligible sites. I did not suppose that any
man, who had ever lived in the West, would be-
lieve that speculators would ever employ men to
go and settle on the lands, and make the requisite
improvements, m order to secure to themselves
the right, when they could buy the land for one
fourth the sum that it would cost to hire a man
to make the requisite occupation and improve-
ments upon it. Every man who should send a
tenant or agent to go and take possession of land
and hold it for him, would find that he had made
a bad bargain. The fact is, these alternate sec-
tions will be taken only by those who wish to>
live upon the land, who wish to raise the supplies
for emigrants and laborers employed in making
the road.
Mr. CASS. I wish to ask one question, and'
that is, how any man can buy one foot of land
until the law provides for its sale long after these
settlers are there ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. I do not suppose any man-
can buy one foot until it is surveyed and brought
into market. But the Senator from Michigan
understands very well that land can be appropri-
ated and occupied, and become valuable by settle-
ment without buying it. He knows—and if not,
I can inform him—that the whole northern por-
tion of Illinois, across from Chicago to Galena,,
was settled and occupied, and that large towns
were erected, and immense manufacturing estab-
lishments built up upon the public lands, before
any man had a title to an inch of it.
Mr. CASS. I understood the Senator to say,
in order to obviate the objection that persons
would be sent there with a view to get possession
of the land, that persons would buy it. Now, they
cannot buy it because it is land appropriated to
settlers.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will try to make myself
understood. Here are these alternate sections
open to settlers. Any actual settler who chooses
may go and live upon them, and anybody can go
on to the land and settle outside of the reservations
before the lands are surveyed, under the general
usage in the settlement of the whole country.
Then the whole country is open to settlement, on
the outside, and the idea that a speculator will send
young men into that region where all the lands
are vacant, to hold a tract of land Ifor him, is a
difficulty which never suggested itself to my mind.
I have not the slightest difficulty on that point.
The question is, will we set apart land for a rail-
road or not ? A certain portion of the Senate are
willing to give lands, but not to give money. We
have tried land and money, and we have failed,
and now we are trying the isolated proposition of
land; and the simple question presented is, is
this Senate willing to give land for the road, and
leave the plan of the road open, to be determined
hereafter? I ask every man, therefore, who is
willing to give land for the purpose, to stand by
this amendment. I believe the proposition to be
clear and explicit, and that it presents only the
