1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
830
simple question, whether we are willing to appro-
priate land for the road or not.
Mr. GWIN. I desire to make a suggestion to
the Senator from Wisconsin. 1 think he had bet-
ter withdraw his amendment. The constitutional
doubts of the Senator from Michigan [Mr. Cass] i
destroyed the Pacific railroad bill last Saturday. j
When he expressed doubts, the bill was destroyed,
and this amendment will be defeated in the same
way; and therefore, I think, instead of wasting
time in its discussion,it had better be withdrawn.
The suggestions made by the Senator will have
the same effect upon it as they had on the railroad
bill last Saturday. It is a very doubtful question
whether this railroad bill ought to be put on the
Army bill or not. It is a difficulty this amendment
has to contend with,and with the suggestion of the
Senator from Michigan, it is evidently destroyed.
I think, therefore, the Senator from Wisconsin had
better withdraw the amendment, and waste no
more time with it.
Mr. CASS. Mr. President, I consider the re-
marks of the Senator from California [Mr. Gww]
in bad taste, and entirely uncalled for. He gives
to me factitious importance by intimating that I
raised doubts which destroyed it.
Mr. GWIN. Not my bill.
Mr. CASS. Well, the Pacific railroad bill.
Now, sir, I prefer the integrity of the Constitu-
tion to the favor of the honorable Senator, much
as he knows I regard him. But, sir, the Senator
is wrong when he speaks about my doubts. I
had no doubts at all. I had a settled conviction
that two provisions of the bill were palpable vio-
lations of the Constitution. Now, how stands
this matter, and what just cause of complaint has
the Senator from California? He presented a
project of a great work, which I am as desirous
to see accomplished as he is. But the bill con-
tained two provisions which in my opinion vio-
lated the Constitution. I suppose it will hardly
be contended, that with this difficulty staring me
in the face I ought to have voted for the bill.
What these objections were the honorable Senator
knows full well, as does every other member of
this body. One was, the assumption of the power
on the part of the United States to establish a corpo-
ration within the limits of the States; and the other
was the power on the part of this Government to
lay out and establish roads, and to exercise juris-
diction over them, in every State in the Union
and in every part of such States. For that is the
necessary extent of the principle, if once assumed
to exist. I hoped sincerely that these difficulties
could be removed, and one of them, the incorpo-
ration, was removed by being struck from the bill;
the other was retained; and to have voted for the
bill in such a case would have been to sacrifice
my convictions of constitutional duty. The fact
is, there was no real difficulty, in'my opinion, in
the way of passing a; practicable hill upon this
subject. A grant of land in the States, and the
construction of the road there under the authority
of the State governments, in the mode sanctioned
by repeated experience, and its construction in
the Territories under the authority of the United
States, by a grant of any reasonable amount of
land and money, would have insured the accom-
plishment of the work. For all this I was anxious
to vote, and for its failure I am not responsible.
Let those assume the responsibility who asked
too moch, and to whom, therefore, the responsi-
bility justly belongs.
Mr. GWIN. The bill which I brought forward
appropriated land for the construction of the road.
The Senator objected to that because it was too
large. He wanted a road, but no branches; that
was his objection to my bill. When the bill which
was reported from the Select Committee, provid-
ing for a road without branches, was under con-
sideration, I had not a doubt but the Senator would
vote for it. I never heard that the Senator had
any constitutional objection to it until four o'clock
on Saturday, except in regard to the incorporation
section, which it was known that the chairman of
the committee which reported the bill intended to
have stricken out. At four or five o'clock on Sat-
urday evening, when we were momentarily ex-
pecting the vote on the engrossment of the bill, the
Senator sprung the constitutional question on us.
The relation existing between that Senator and
myself, and my honest conviction that he was in
favor of the bill, would have justified my being
notified that be had a constitutional objection to that
portion of the bill. But he never spoke to me; he
may have gone to others. That is the objection I
have to his course. When the Senator stated that
unless the incorporation section was stricken out
he could not votefor the bill, we naturally thought
that he would vote for it when that difficulty was
removed. His language is capable of no other
construction. That section was voted out of that
bill to accommodate the scruples of the Senator
and others. Still, at five o'clock on Saturday, just
as we were expecting the final vote, the Senator
brought forward his constitutional difficulties on
another principle contained in the bill, and made a
speech on it at that late hour, after a six hours'sit-
ting, and after the bill had been so long before us.
The attempt to amend the bill to accommodate his
views on this subject, defeated it, and that defeat
has inflicted a deep and lasting injury upon my
State, and I therefore feel fully justified in the re-
marks I have made.
Mr. CASS. Mr. President, the remarks which
have just fallen from thegentleman from California
[Mr. Gwin] are still more extraordinary than
those upon which I have just commented. Time
and again in my place in the Senate, I have ex-
pressed my views upon this subject, and stated
my conviction that this Government possesses no
power to establish and exercise jurisdiction over
the roads within the States, and 1 did not suppose
there was a member of the Senate who had the
remotest idea that I would vote for such a proposi-
tion. If he had it was his fault, not mine. This
view will be found in every speech I have made on
the general subject of internal improvements, and
especially in the remarks I made at the last session,
on the question of the construction of a canal at
the Sault Ste. Marie. With respect to what the
Senator says about my not urging this objection
until late in the discussion, I have but a brief re-
ply to make, for a brief reply can only be neces-
sary. 1 do not understand what the question of
time in the presentation of this objection has to do
with the fate of the measure. Its effect, whatever
that was, would have been the same, whether urged
at the commencement or the termination of the dis-
cussion. But the fact is, sir, I stated my views
Xn this point the first time I had the opportunity,
r the measure was brought into discussion.
When the question of the power of incorporation
was presented, I gave my opinion upon it, and
when the question ofjurisdiction was presented, I
gave my opinion upon that also. I do not under-
stand that I am under any obligation at an early
point of time in a discussion, to present my views,
and it is certainly not a little strange to hear it
contended that because a member is not among the
first to urge his objection, therefore he is committed
to the details of the bill. I subscribe to no such
doctrine. I took my own time to express my own
convictions, as I had aright to do, and no one was
justified in drawing any conclusions favorable or
unfavorable to my action upon the bill, because I
took part after others in the discussion.
Mr. WALKER. I shall advert to one of the
objections raised by the Senator from Michigan to
this proposition. It is, that under my amendment
ulators by hundreds and thousands will em-
E persons to go upon and occupy the lands.
r, bear in mind wnat I stated yesterday, that
this is a provision to enable the Government to
avail itself of the enhanced price of its land, in
order to build the road, and then put that together
with what the Senator has said, and does it not
make out my case completely? Suppose these
hundreds and thousands of speculators do send
men to the land to occupy, cultivate, and improve
for one year, will it not accomplish everything?
The settlement of that portion of the land which is
to go to the settlers, will appreciate or enhance in
value that which the Government is holding for
the ultimate construction of the road. The ob-
jection that I had heard made before this propo-
sition was offered, was, that the country would
not settle under the provision of the bill. Now,
we have the great ana weighty opinion of the Sen-
ator from Michigan, that it will not only be settled
by those who are willing to go there of their own
accord, but that hundreds and thousands will em-
ploy others to go there and settle. Good! The
road is made certain if that is the case.
I said yesterday that this was not what prop-
erly fell under the provision for a homestead bill.
We are struggling for that. _ It is a separate, in-
dependent measure. Let it come on its own
strength, and if the people's voice be heard it will
be adopted. But this is a different scheme. It is
a plan to build a railroad; and I rejoice exceed-
ingly that the great and weighty opinion of the
Senator from Michigan is in favor of the fact that
the land will be settled. I hope he will employ a
thousand himself to go there. Let them all settle
upon the alternate sections which are to be granted
to settlers; let them fence in and improve farms;
and when that is done, the Government's reserved
sections will not sell for less than five or ten dol-
lars an acre; and that will be sufficient, without a
dollar from the Treasury, to build the road; and,
besides all the advantages which I enumerated
yesterday—the distribution of laborers and pro-
visions and tools, and an armed troop of militia,
guarding their own firesides—that is what it will
do. I hope the prophecy of the Senator from
Michigan will be correct, and that not only hun-
dreds of thousands will go there of their own
accord, but that others will be sent to improve the
value of that land which the Government holds
for the construction of the road, for they will be
doing a public and national benefit, and will be
contributing to the construction of the road, which
will be a national work, for it will, in fact, connect
the extremes of the Union.
_ Mr. BORLAND. Mr. President, the objec-
tion which is raised by the Senator from Michigan
to this amendment struck me as the most extraor-
dinary—I say it with all deference—that I could
have conceived of, following as it did his remarks
in regard to the homestead bill, and following his
remarks made the other day upon the railroad bill
which we had before the Senate. The other day,
we found the Senator expressing, not only a will-
ingness, but an anxious desire to appropriate
large bodies of public land along the road, and
$20,000,000 besides, for the purpose of making the
road. We hear him to-day expressing his desire
that the homestead bill shall pass, where, without
any direct, but only for a contingent and general
return to the Government, he is willing to give
any man, who chooses to go and settle them, one
hundred and sixty acres; and now, when a propo-
sition is before us, not to give money, but simply
to lay the foundation for this great road by grant-
ing the right of settling and ownership to the
alternate sections along the course of the road, by
which, as every one must see, its construction
will be insured, he objects to the very principle
involved in the homestead bill—the very principle
involved in the bill advocated the other day—that
the land perchance may, after it has got into'the
possession of the settler, fall into the hands of
speculators. I may be dull, I may be unable to
see the demerit of this question, but the Senator's
argument strikes my humble comprehension as
most extraordinary under the circumstances. He
is willing^ to give land and money to build the
rOad; he is willing to give every man who settles
one hundred and sixty acres, whether he returns
any equivalent or not; and yet when we propose
to give only a portion of the public lands to actual
settlers when this great good is to be accomplished,
he objects. I say nothing of the motives or pur-
pose of gentlemen, but the effect of such objection
must inevitably follow to destroy any proposition
whatever for the construction of a road.
Mr. RUSK. This proposition commends itself
to me in various ways. I apprehend that no-
body will say that it is unconstitutional to go to
California over our own territory, although the
reasoning would seem to lead to such a conclu-
sion. I apprehend no man will come forward and
say that it will be unconstitutional to find a means
of traveling for those of our fellow-citizens who
desire to emigrate to the shores of the Pacific over
our own soil. It is a matter desirable in every sense
of the word. Our citizens have gone there, since
the time when we acquired the territory in Cali-
fornia, with all the dangers incident to traveling
through the Indian country; and for a distance of
about fifteen hundred miles there has been no
resting-place, no place to obtain supplies. No one
could settle there, because the United States owned
the land, and there was no means of obtaining a
title to it, and hence it continues to remain a desert
through the laches of this Government. You ex-
pend millions every year for the defense of the
frontier and the protection of a portion of the
routes to California. This proposition is an in-
ducement offered, an inducement which the Sen-
ator from Michigan himself says he is in favor of
