840
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 25,
holding out with respect to the whole territory of
the United States. It is an inducement offered to
the most hardy, most intelligent and enterprising
of our citizens to go and settle upon the lands. It
is saying to them, If you will go and settle down
and protect the road, and raise provisions for the
emigrants along the route over our own territory,
from one extremity of the Republic to the other,
M e will give you—what ? The enormous boon of
one hundred and sixty acres of land! You pro-
pose to give that enormous boon; and the Treas-
ury is to be guarded against such extravagance in
behalf of the citizens! If constitutional notions
do not come in, notions of economy do, and you
are to guard the Treasury against the allowance,
the prodigious allowance, of one hundred and
sixty acres of land to every head of a family who
will go and settle down for one year, and protect
the emigrants, and provide food for them! What
sort of economy is this? I venture to say that you
have not a soldier in that territory that does not
cost you, every year, $300. Your land that you
propose to give, at the outside, would not be worth
more than one dollar and twenty-five cents per acre,
so that, in fact, you give less than $200 to each set-
tler, while every soldier costs the Government §300.
One of these men will be worth a dozen soldiers.
They will be hardy men, trappers, and men that
will labor for a living—men that will fight for
their country—who will go and settle there, and
each of whom will do more than half a dozen sol-
diers. Soldiers will effect nothing in such warfare,
except when yon place them at posts, where they
afford a sort of security, while they furnish a
market for the products of the honest and indus-
trious men who settle near them. Inhabitants of
this description will go and settle around them, t
and defend the country. But the Treasury is to I
be guarded against such men ! [
The amendment does not propose to construct
a railroad. It only reserves a certain portion of
the land which may be selected by the President of ,
the United States, as a fund for the construction
of a road hereafter. No preparations whatever
are made for a road; no appropriations are made
for a road; no committals whatever are made,
unless that be a committal which establishes a
line of settlers from the frontiers of the Atlantic
■lope to the frontiers of the Pacific slope, giving
security, comfort, and sustenance to thousands of
our fellow-citizens who travel across the territory
with their families. Unless such a proposition be
a pledge, there is no pledge given for the construc- i
tion of the road. I
Sir, we can pay a million of dollars for the trans- ,
portation of the mail to California, across the Isth-
mus, and nothing is said about economy. We
can go into a contract for a million of dollars for j
transportation on another route, and nothing is |
■aid about economy. Nay, we can go to war with 1
Mexico, for another route, over a country where
we have no jurisdiction, and the phantom of econ-
omy does not haunt the gentleman's imagination.
We must have all the balance of the world, ex-
cept that which belongs to us; we must have roads
everywhere, and lay out millions for transport-
ation through a country that does not belong to
us, but we must not give the boon of one hundred
•nd sixty acres of land to the hardy pioneer who
will go and defend the emigrants and himself
against our enemies. That is a speculation! Sir,
if so, it is a sort of speculation that few members
of Congress would enter into. There are but few
of the men here who are ready to go to war with
all the world and the rest of mankind, and pre-
scribe rules and regulations for governing the na-
tions of the earth, who would go and settle upon
that route, and risk for twelve months the chance
of having their scalps taken off by the Indians.
Mr. CHASE. I wish to say a word or two
further in respect to this amendment. My friend
from Texas is extremely anxious for the construc-
tion of this road. He objected to my amendment
yesterday, that it did not provide for reconnois-
sances instead of surveys, and would therefore, he
feared, delay the construction of the road. Now,
what have we in this amendment? I ask the at-
tention of the friends of the road to what I now
say. This amendment of the Senator from Wis-
consin provides for detailing a sufficient force from
the Corps of Topographical Engineers,for the sur-
vey of the route. It confines the survey to that
corps. It does not authorize, as the former bill and
my amendmentauthorize, the employment of other
engineers. Then what is required ? " That they
• shall proceed, as soon as practicable, to select,
• survey, locate, and mark, on the most proper
' and eligible ground, a route not more than three
' hundred feet wide for a railroad." When will
that woflt be finished, under the direction of the
Secretary of War, by the employment of the
Corps of Topographical Engineers alone? In my
judgment, not in the next five years, and I say to
the friends of this road, that the effect of this
amendment, although not so designed, will be to
postpone indefinitely its construction.
Well, sir, then after we have got the map of
, this road, thus surveyed and marked over all this
| distance, a report is to be made to the Secretary
t of War. For what purpose ? Either for his ap-
Kroval or disapproval. But without respect to
is approval or disapproval, the second section of
the Senator's amendment proceeds to devote to
the construction of the road thirty-six miles in
width throughout its whole extent; so that whe-
ther the Secretary of War approves or d isappro vea,
this vast appropriation must stand. The practical
effect of it, it is true, may be to enforce tne sanc-
tion of the Secretary of War to the marked-out
road. Practically it will transfer the selection of
the route from the President to the Corps of Topo-
graphical Engineers. I see nothing here which
commends this amendment to me as a friend of
this road, and I repeat there is no Senator upon
this floor who is a more earnest friend to it than
I am. There is nothing which should commend
it to any friend of the road.
There is another class of Senators who have
manifested some disposition to vote for this amend-
ment, because they conceive that it embodies the
principle of the homestead bill. Now, my friend
from Wisconsin [Mr. Walker] candidly tells
the Senate that it does not embody the principles
of that bill at all. It authorizes the selection of
alternate sections by actual settlers along this route,
it is true, but these grants are not restricted to
those who have no other lands. The selecters
may be employed for the purpose by the company
constructing the road, or by individual capitalists.
The Senator frankly admits this, but says the set-
tlement of the lands will be promoted. Now, in
my judgment, it will not secure the settlement even,
but it will secure this: it will secure the appropri-
ation of every valuable point along the whole line
of the road by the company employed in its con-
struction, or by speculators. That is what it will
secure, and nothing else. You cannot settle the
lands faster than you can find settlers. The peo-
ple will not turn out en masse and settle this strip
of land from the Mississippi valley to the Pacific.
Enough will be ready to go out under the auspices
of a company or wealthy capitalists, and select
and appropriate the valuable points. Very few
indeed will be the sections which the landless man
will get. Such, in my judgment, will be the effect
of this amendment, so far as the grant of the alter-
nate sections is concerned. Besides, Mr. Presi-
dent, the provisions of this amendment are unpre-
cedented in our legislation. It appropriates six
townships on either side of the road. How wide
is that? Seventy-two miles. Of this enormous
tract, thirty-six miles in width are to be appropri-
ated in this way, for settlement. The other thirty-
six miles are pledged to the construction of the
road, we do not know how. It may be that these
tens of thousands of square miles will be granted
to a company; it may be that the work will be
done, and the lands appropriated under the imme-
diate direction of the Government; it may be in
some pther way, we cannot tell how. Everything
is left indefinite and uncertain. Nothing is certain
but that you pledge the lands for fifteen hundred
or two thousand miles in length, seventy-two miles
wide; thirty-six miles for settlement, the other
thirty-six for construction. Now, I desire to sub-
mit, whether it is best to go into a scheme of thi 
sort in preference to having a simple survey of as
many routes as may deserve examination, in the
opinion of the President, and combine as far as
possible private enterprise with public resources ?
Mr. WALKER. If we take tne argument of the
Senator from Ohio, and keep in view the fact that
this is a proposition to construct the road, does
not his argument prove the propriety of theamend-
"ment? Suppose the fact tnat these lands should
be taken by a corporation, it must be done on the
provisions of the amendment, and that is on cul-
tivation for one year. Suppose it should be done
by the veriest speculators in the whole land, would
not the effect of the settlement of the lands be to
enhance the value of those which the Government
pledges for the road? Who can deny, then, that
this will construct the road ? Do< s not the Sena-
tor bear in mind, when he speaks of this extent of
country, that the effect of my amendment will be
to settle it? When settled to the extent supposed,
it will beget of necessity territorial, and ultimate-
ly State governments, and that, too, in a very short
period of time, and as soon as they are organized,
we can have this road constructed under the au-
thority of the local Legislatures, and hence obviate
the objection which I and others raised here to
the General Government entering into this matter.
But, while this is the land of the Government, it
is an incipient step to procure that state of things
to secure the road, ana every argument made here
in reference to the settlement of the land, is an ar-
gument to support the assumption that it will make
the road.
Now, take another view of this case, as borne
upon the argument of the Senator from Ohio. He
says that at first those in favor of the homestead
bill were expected to vote for this amendment, be-
cause it embodied its principles, but that I have
now disavowed it. Because 1 have said this is
not the homestead bill, does it necessarily follow
that those who are in favor of the homestead bill
must go against this amendment? Is every home-
stead man so wedded to that proposition that he
can vote for nothing else? Cannot a homestead
man look to the great interests of the country in
view of this railroad, and vote for no proposition
that does not cover the principles of the homestead
bill, while it is perfectly demonstrable that this
proposition will make the road ? I hope the gentle-
man does not take that ground. H e is a homestead
man, and yet the other day he voted with those
who proposed another plan to construct this road
through a great extent of territory, and I believe he
held on longer than I did. The proposition which
hesupported embodied noneofthe principles of the
homestead bill, and yet he was for it. This meas-
ure does not necessarily drive from its support
those who are in favor of the homestead bill when
it comes up. It is, as I have avowed, not the
homestead, but it is a proposition to secure the
completion of this road; and I have not heard an
argument from its opponents which does not go to
prove that it will be successful, and if successful
for the consummation of this great work which is
conceded to be necessary, why should it not be
adopted? I do not believe any argument can be
used which will show that it is not adequate to
the end.
Mr. GWIN. I hope that we shall have a vote
upon the question. It is perfectly evident, Mr.
President, that we must press forward the appro-
priation bills or we shall be swamped even in the
Senate in considering them. We have but five
more days of the session remaining, and all the im-
portant appropriation bills are yet to be acted
upon. I know perfectly well that the debate
which has been going on for two days on this bill
has killed off the homestead bill, and we cannot
get that up at this session. It has also killed off
Bennett's land bill, and every other measure in
my opinion, except the appropriation bills. My
friend, the chairman of the Committee on Pi-
nance, has not been crowding this bill upon the
Senate, because he wants the bills I have named
postponed to another session, and he does not
care how long we debate this question here, be-
cause he knows, after the constitutional doubt this
morning from the Senator from Michigan, [Mr.
Cass,] this amendment will be defeated, and then
nothing but an appropriation bill can have any
chance for consideration in this body. This is
his object; and he has played his game very suc-
cessfully, and he is playing it now with great
skill. He sits here perfectly quiet, and lets those
of us who want the homestead bill and other meas-
ures passed this session, fight among ourselves,
and consume the precious time of the session
which we could so much better employ in con-
sidering the homestead bill. He therefore wiU
accomplish his object by allowing this debate to
go on. I want to vote; I want to dispose of the
bill, so that we may act upon something besides
an appropriation bill; if this discussion continues
we never shall.
Mr. PRATT. I hope the expression of the de-
sire on the part of my honorable friend from Cali-
