1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
841
forma, that we shall have a vote, is not intended
to cut me off.
Mr. GWIN. Not at all.
Mr. PRATT. I do not intend to detain the
Senate from voting on this and other subjects by
taking up their time unnecessarily; nor do I rise
to engage in the strife, amicable as it is, which ex-
ists between my honorable friends from California
and Texas on the one side, and my honorable
friend from Michigan on the other. I recollect a
line of Virgil that is applicable to it:
" Nan miAi tantas companere lite*
Which, put into plain English, means that it does
not become me to interfere with the strife between
those Senators. But I rose for the purpose of
staling, in a very few words, the reason why I
shall be compelled to vote against this amendment,
though I have evinced as much friendship for the
road contemplated to be made as ether of those
Senators. *
The Senate will perceive that the amendment
before us makes a gift of seventy-two miles of
alternate sections to settlers, alia seventy-two
miles, not for that route on which the road is to
be made, but that route which is surveyed. The
amendment of my honorable friend from Texas,
which has been adopted, as I understand, is, that
the President is not only to survey, according to
the original plan of the Senator from Wisconsin,
one route, but to survey one or more railroad
routes. If, therefore, he should find it necessary,,
for the purpose of ascertaining which might be
the most practicable route, to nave four or five
routes surveyed, this appropriation would give to
settlers alternate sections for seventy-two miles on
each of those routes. If half a dozen routes should
be surveyed, this amendment would appropriate
seventy-two miles of alternate sections for each,
though one road only would be made. I rose
merely for the purpose of making that objection
to the amendment, and of saying, as a friend of
the Pacific railroad, that I believe the true plan on
the part of those who are in favor of its construc-
tion, will be to make an appropriation for the pur-
pose of having all the routes surveyed, and for no
other purpose; so that when we meet here again
at the next session, we shall have all the routes
before us, and be enabled to select that which is
best. 1 believe that that now is the only practica-
ble measure which we can adopt.
The question being taken by yeas and nays, on
the amendment of Mr. Walker to the amend-
ment of Mr. Chase, resulted—yeas 17, nays 32;
as follows:
YEAS—Messra. Atchison, Bell, Borland, Dodge of Wis-
consin, Dodge of [own, Douglas, Downs, Gwin, Houston,
Jones of Iowa, Jones of Tennessee, Busk, Seward, Shields,
Wade, Walker, and Welter—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Badger, Bayard, Bradbury,
Bright, Brodbead, Brooke, Butler, CaM, Charlton, Chase,
Davis, Dawson, De Saussure, Fish, Fitzpatrick, Foot,
Hale, Hamlin, Hunter, Mangum, Mason, Miller, Morton,
Pettit, Phelps, Pratt, Smith, Spraance, Sumner, Toncey,
and Underwood—32.
So the amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
The question recurred upon the amendment of
Mr. Chase, upon which he called for the yeas
and nays.
Mr. BORLAND called for the reading of the
amendment; which was read, as follows:
Add the following as additional sections:
Sgc.—. -2nd be it further enacted, That the Secre-
tary of War be, and be is hereby, authorized, under the di-
rection of the President of the United States, to employ
such portion of the Corps of Topographical Engineers, and
such other persons as he may deem necessary, to make
such explorations and surveys as he may deem advisable,
to ascertain the oust practicable and economical route for |
a railroad from the Mississippi river to the Pacific ocean,
and that the sum of ,*150,000, or so much thereof as may
be necessary, be, and the same is hereby, appropriated out
of any money in tire Treasury not otherwise appropriated,
to defray the expense of such explorations aud survey*.
Sec. —. Jlnd be it farther enacted, That the engineers
and other persons employed in said explorations and sur-
veys shall lie organized in as many distinct corps as there
are routes to be surveyed, and their several reports shall be
laid before Congress on or before the first Monday in Feb-
ruary, 1854.
Sec. —. Jind be it farther enacted, That, in making
such explorations and sdrveys. the engineers and other per-
sons employed under the authority of this act may be di-
rected to act in concert with any engineers employed by
any individual or individuals, association or associations,
for the same gpneral object; and the Secretary of War is
hereby authorized and required to receive proposals from
individuals or associations for the construction of a railroad
between the valley of the Mississippi and the Pacific ocean,
and lay the same before Congress at the next session.
The question being taken by yeas and nays on
the amendment, resulted—yeas 31, nays 16; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Bayard, Borland,
Bright, Brodhead, Cass, Charlton, Chase, Clarke, Dodge of
Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Downs, Fish, Foot, Gwin,
Hale, Houston, Jones of Iowa, Jones of Tennessee, Miller,
Pratt, Rusk, Seward, Shield-, Smith, Spruance, Sumner,
Underwood, Wade, and Weller—31.
NAY S—Messrs. Adams, Bradbury, Brooke, Davis, Daw-
son, De Saussure, Fitzpatrick, Hamlin, Hunter, Mangum,
Mason, Morton, Pettit, Phelps, Toucey,and Walker—16.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MASON. I offer the following amend-
ment as an additional section:
Sec.— Jlndbe it further enacted, That in the adjust-
ment of the accounts of the State of Virginia, under the
twelfth section of the act approved August 31, 1852, the
Secretary of War be, and he is hereby, directed to follow
the provisions of the act of the 3d of JuDe, 1848, providing
for refunding to the several States the amounts expended
by them in raising regiments of volunteers for the Mexican
war.
The amendment was agreed to
Mr. MASON. I have another amendment to
offer. It is to insert after the appropriation for
the armory at Harper's Ferry the following:
And the amount received from the late and future sales
of Government land belonging to Harper's Ferry armory,
may be carried to the same appropriation, and applied to
similar objects Hnder the direction of the Secretary of War,
including the sheets and highways in use for armory pur-
poses.
Under the existing law, the Department of War
is authorized to carry to the armory appropria-
tions the moneys that are realized from the sale
of refuse materials belonging to the United States.
Recently, Government sold a portion of its prop-
erty at Harper's Ferry which was no longer in
use, consisting altogether of lots of land, without
j buildings upon them. The Secretary has decided
; that, under the law, he has no authority to carry
that amount to the uses of the appropriation for
repairs and improvements at Harper's Ferry, and
this is to authorize him to do it. The propriety
of it will he evinced by the fact that the Govern-
ment would thus be using the money from the
sale of the property to improve the residue. It is
recommended by the Department.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BORLAND. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs to offer the following
amendment as an additional section:
And whereas a discovery has been made, and is now in
practice, whereby the human body can be rendered safely
insensible to pain in dental, surgical, and obstetrical opera
tions, by the use of what are commonly called anesthetic
agents, and the Government of the United States has been
and is in the enjoyment of said discovery in the military
and naval service; and whereas it is established that the
discovery was made by soiue one of the persons following,
to wit: William T. G. Morton, CharlesT. Jackson, each
Of Boston, and Horace Wells, of Hartford, deceased ; but
it does not appear to the satisfaction of Congress which of
those parties was the original, true, and first discoverer
thereof; and whereas Congress is willing to provide a rec-
ompense for such discovery when ascertained: There-
fore,
Sec Be it further enacted, That the sum of $100,000
be, and the same is tkf re by, appropriated out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to be paid by
the Secretary of the Treasury, as hereinafter provided, as a
recompense for said discovery and the use and benefit there-
of by the Government and people of the United States.
Sec. —■ rftui be itfurtfier enacted, Tttmitfhal] be the duty
of thedistrict attorney of the United States for the northern
district of New York, within a reasonable time after the
passage of this act, to file in the circuit court of the United
States for said district, sitting in equity, a bill of inter pleader,
wherein, reciting this act, or the substance thereof, the Sec
retary of the Treasury, as trustee of the sum herein appro-
priated, shall be complainant, and the said William T. G.
Morton, Charles T. Jackson, and the personal representa-
! tive or representatives of said Horace W>-lls, shall he de-
fendants; of which bill they, the said parties, shall take
notice, and may appear and answer and make proofs; and
the said circuit court shall have jurisdiction of said case,
and the same shall be tried in the manner and according to
the practice of such court in equity eases, and the issue
therein shall be which one of the said parties first named
was, according to the principles of the law of patents in the
United States, the original, true, and first discoverer of the
J discovery hereinbefore recited; and, by final decree in such
case, the court shall decide that issue, and shall direct that
the said sum of $100,000, without any costs, shall be paid
over to the party who shall be found to have been such dis-
coverer, or to his personal representative or representatives,
or assignee: Provvled, That if one or more of said defend-
ants shall conceive himselfor themselves to be aggrieved by
said decree, he or they may, within twenty days after the
making of the decree, appeal to the Supreme Court of the
United States, and thereupon the payment of saidsnm shall
be suspended until final disposition be made of said case by
the said Supreme Court: -And provided further, That if it
shall appear that either of said defendants holds a patent for
said discovery, or the means of applying the same, which,
in the judgment of said circuit court, is valid, then it shall
be the duty of said court to certify such fact to the said Sec-
retary, who shall thereupon withhold from such defendant
■aid sum, should the same be decreed to bim by the said
final decree, until he shall have executed, under his hand
and seal, an instrument in writing surrendering such pat-
ent, and granting the free use of said discovery, and the
means of using or applying the same, to the Government
and people of the United States; which instrument shall be
lodged in the Patent Office, and entered on the records
thereof.
j Mr. HUNTER. Is that amendment in order?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Badger
in the chair.) The Chair understands that it is
moved by direction of a standing committee, and
; therefore is in order.
Mr. HUNTER. What standing committee?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Commit-
: tee on Military Affairs.
j Mr. BORLAND. I will explain to the Senate
the circumstances under which this amendment is
! presented. This subject must be somewhat fa-
miliar to the Senate, and a discussion which took
place in regard to it last session will be recollected.
A provision was then reported from the Committee
on Military Affairs, the same, so far as the amount
of the appropriation is concerned, as this. At
this session a select committee was appointed to
take the subject into consideration, and they have
reported the proposition which has been read to
the Senate. Under the rule it was found that a
select committee was not authorized to offer to an
appropriation bill an amendment proposing an
additional appropriation. For the purpose of com-
plying with the rule, the Committee on Military
Affairs have taken the subject into consideration,
and directed me to offer it as an amendment on
i the part of that committee, to this bill. That, I
apprehend, brings it within the rule.
! I do not wish to occupy the time of the Senate
' hereafter on the subject, and therefore, while up,
I will state the grounds on which I advocate the
adoption of the amendment. The discovery or
application of the use of sulphuric ether for the
purpose of rendering the human body insensible
to pain, and thereby increasing the safety and com-
fort of persons who have to undergo surgical oper-
ations, is admitted, on all hands, to be very valu-
able. In addition to this general admission of its
great and incalculable value to the human family
at large, we find that in the Army and Navy of the
United States, the medical officers in the service
of the United States are daily and hourly, and have
been for several years, using this agent for this
purpose. We have the testimony of medical offi-
cers of the Army and Navy of the great and incal-
culable value of this agent in such applications
as a means of practicing their profession success-
fully, and enabling them to perform their public
duties. They consider the value of this agent to
the Government in that way as beyond calcula-
tion. From this I infer that the Government is
daily deriving very great benefit from the use of
this remedial agent.
There is, Mr. President, a provision in the
Constitution of the United States which confers
the power, and mtftces it the duty of this Gov-
ernment, to secure to the inventors and discover*
ers of means and processes which are of value to
the public, the exclusive right to use those discov-
eries and inventions for their own benefit. In pur-
suance of that provision of the Constitution, we
have at various times passed laws for securing
the rights of inventors and discoverers. We have
established the Patent Office for the purpose of
carrying these laws into execution. In pursuance
of these laws, an individual has come forward and
established his right to the exclusive use of this
remedial agent. The Government has no more
right than any individual in the community to
violate the law under which he holds and claims
this right; but we find that the Government is
in daily and hourly use of it, in violation of the
rights of the patentee. The Constitution also pro-
vides that we shall not take the private property
of any individual for public use without making
compensation therefor.
This propositidh, therefore, is, in view of the
great value of this discovery, and the daily bene-
fits which the Government and its employees are
deriving from it, to make some compensation to
the individual to whom the right belongs. Upon
that ground, the Committee on Military Affairs,
at the laet session, moved an amendment to an
appropriation bill, giving $100,000 to the individ-
ual who holds the patent for this discovery. Dis-
putes have arisen between him and other individ-
uals who also claim to be the original discoverers,
