842
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 25,
and they have contested his right to receive the [
money, and the propriety of any action of Con-
gress which would give him this compensation.
To obviate ali difficulty, and to have this dispute
settled by the judicial tribunals of the country, a
modification of the original proposition is now
made. First, to recognize, as we proposed to do
before, the right of some one to this discovery,
and to fix the compensation to be paid for it; and
in addition, to prescribe a mode by which the ju-
dicial tribunal shall finally settle the question, as
to who is the discoverer, and the rightful recipient
of this compensation. Upon these grounds, I
think this proposition is commended to the reason
and judgment of the Senate.
It may be said, and I think it was said at the
last session, that there is no precedent for such a
proceeding as this. To those who think so, I
would take occasion to remark, that the precedents
are almost numberless. I was about to say that
at every session, but certainly at a great many
sessions of Congress, we have made appropria-
tions to pay for useful inventions and discoveries,
and new applications of means to the public ser-
vice, and the promotion of the public good. We
have not only paid discoverers and inventors, for
the use of their discoveries and inventions, but we
have made appropriations to aid inventors and dis-
coverers in perfecting processes by which they
proposed to promote the public good, i need men-
tion no other case than one which will be in the
recollection of every Senator. A few years ago,
we appropriated $20,000 to enable Professor Page
to experiment with his electro-magnetic machine.
We have bought a great many things from invent-
ors. One I will mention in particular: A gentle-
man connected with the Navy of the United States
(I think he is a chaplain in the service) made a new
application of what is commonly known as the
jack-screw, and applied it to cannon as a means
of obtaining greater accuracy in directing and
sighting cannon; and for that we paid him $15,000
or $20,000—r do not remember which. In that case
we paid a large amount of money for the mere appli-
cation of the old familiar jack-screw, for the pur-
pose of directing and sighting cannon at sea—for
the purpose of destroying human life, and inflict-
ing pain with greater certainty and precision, and
more deadly effect. Here we propose to appropri-
ate a sum of money to pay the discoverer, or in-
ventor, if you may choose to call him so, of the j
greatest discovery—it is so admitted on all hands— 1
that has ever been made for the alleviation of
human suffering and the saving of human life. I
have no more to say.
Mr. WALKER. As chairman of the Select Com-
mittee, it may be due to the Senate that I should
make n very brief explanation in regard to the man-
ner in which this amendment is brought before the
Senate. It may be remembered that this subject
was committed to a Select Committee, of which I
was made chairman, and for two members of that
committee I will say that there was a very great
amount oflabor assumed. The other members of I
the committee kindly lent us their attention, and, J
as far as was in their power, advised with us. j
After undergoing the labor of investigating the tes- ;
timony, amounting to hundreds if not thousands
of pages, it was finally discovered that under the
Senate's 30th rule, the Select Committee was not
one of those favored institutions in the Senate
which could be permitted to offer an amendment to
an appropriation bill. The committee had agreed
upon this proposition, but could not offer it. They
then had to appeal to a standing committee of the
Senate, and they did appeal to the Committee on
Military Affairs, who had once reported at the
last session an amendment in reference to this
matter. That committee kindly consented to pre- >
sent the amendment to obviate the difficulty under
the rule, and hence it comes from that committee
before the Senate at this time.
A few words in reference to the proposition it-
self. As soon as the committed entered upon the |
investigation of the testimony, it was found that
the members could not be unanimous in their rec-
ommendation in favor of either of the three parties
named; in fact, it was deemed improper for Con-
gress to assume to settle this matter as a judicial
question. But the committee had no doubt, as far
as I have understood the different members, that
this was a matter of very great importance, and
that to the person, whoever he might be,that made
the discovery, high honors and recompense were
i due. They therefore agreed upon this submission 1
of the question to the circuit court of the northern
district of the State of New York, a State in which
neither of the parties live, and that that court
should decide the issue between the parties as to
which was the discoverer, and that when decided,
the sum appropriated should be paid to that per-
son.
It is known that at the last session, when these
parties were not all before the Senate, I expressed
myself with great warmth in favor of one of them.
Another Senator, who was upon the committee,
expressed himself with equal warmth in favor of
another. There were members of the committee i
whose ideas tended towards a third. It was then
a fair understanding and compromise among the i
members of the committee, that they would not
only decline to recommend either of these gentle-
men as the recipient of the recompense proposed
to be paid, but that they would relieve Congress
from deciding it as a judicial question. It is now
for the Senate to say whether it is willing to make
this appropriation, to be paid according to the
terms of the proposition, to the person who shall
be determined by a court of justice to have made
the discovery.
Accompanying the amendment is a report which
has been printed, and which contains as an ap-
pendix to it, a large list of those cases constituting
precedents in this matter, and the committee, in
their report, refer to a class of cases where Con-
gress has gone far beyond the limits proposed in
this amendment. That class is that in which
Congress has stepped forth and appropriated
money in advance to aid discoverers and invent-
ors in perfecting their discoveries and inventions.
Three cases are particularly alluded to in the re- ]
i port—those of Professors Morse, Page, and Espy. !
One of these has perfected his invention; another, I
i. I believe, is yet in progress; and one, I think, has i
abandoned it. Congress in these cases showed
; its disposition to promote the welfare of the coun-
try, by lending its aid to those engaged in these
great enterprises.
If I could allude to what brought me immedi-
ately to know the value of this discovery, I might
express myself with more direct feeling than any
! i other member of the Senate, for I know not
whether any other member has had the misfor-
, tune of having had this great alleviation intro- ;
! duced into his family circle. I have; I have seen ;
1 a member of my family, now dead, suffering un-
i der the surgeon's knife, lying in a calm and peace-
ful sleep, and yet undergoing one of the most
torturing surgical operations in the world. I felt
at that day, rising ir. my heart, the feeling that if
God should ever give me the opportunity of man-
ifesting my gratitude to the person who has made
this great discovery, 1 should do so. The oppor-
! tunity is now offered. It is entirely immaterial to
me who the discoverer is. Whoever may be de-
ll creed by a court of justice to have been the dis-
■ j covereris the person to whom I wish my gratitude
It to go. Whether the Senate will sympathize with
jj me of not, 1 know not; but it is now for them to j
j: speak, and to decide by their vote. !
' Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, it is time that j
we should fix some limit to the character and na-
ture of the amendments which are to go upon the
general appropriation bills. It seems to me that
gentlemen are bringing up all subjects for discus- \
sion in connection with them. Here is a plan by !
which we are to settle what is in its nature (if [
not technically within the construction of the rule) ]
a private claim. The Congress of the United
l States are to undertake to decide between discov- j
| erers in regard to a principle of this sort. Not only
that, but they are to provide for them a reward
other than that which the Constitution itself con-
templates—I mean whatever they can make out a
patent. That is the reward which was contem-
plated by the Constitution. To that extent the
power of Congress goes. I will not say that this ,
is beginning this system, for I acknowledge there '
are precedents to that effect. But it seems to me
that the rule, mains usus abolendus est, applies. It
is time that we were quitting the practice into
which we have run. Where is it to carry us?
Every inventor who cannot derive his reward from
the public demand for whatever article is his in-
vention, will come to Congress, and ask that we— i
under some fiction of using it in this or that branch [
of the public service—shall reward him for his |
invention. !
I do not mean to enter into the question. I do not
know who is the discoverer of this remedial agent.
It is not our business to determine. There could
not be a worse tribunal to ascertain such facts than
the Congress of the United States, and if we were
to do it, the proper place would be in a separate
bill, and not here upon one of the general appro-
priation bills. If we put this upon this appropria-
tion bill, in connection with many other measures,
the result will be that in order to obtain means for
carrying on the Government, we have to vote for
a whole omnibus of propositions, differing in char-
acter, many of them distasteful to us, some of
them, probably, pernicious.
What sort of legislation are we to expect if we
extend this system further than we have already
carried it? It seems to me that it is a sufficient
reason to vote against this amendment, that there
is no proper place for it upon the appropriation
bill now under consideration. We have but a few
legislative days left, and all the important appro-
priation bills are yet to come up. The civil and
diplomatic bill is a book of itself, and whenever
we come to report it, it will take all the time, and
more than all the time we have left, to consider it
properly . Unless we make some speed in relation
to this bill, we shall not be able to send it to the
House to-night, and I understand that by to-night
the House of Representatives will have passed
upon all the appropriation bills which are before
it. We have disposed of none of the important
appropriation bills except the deficiency bill. Is
it not time, then, that we should be voting down
some of these amendments on account of irrele-
vancy, and if so, to which can we apply the rule
with more propriety than to this?
Mr. BORLAND. I am as little disposed as
any one to burden the appropriation bills, or to
hazard their passage. If the Senator from Vir-
ginia had listened to the reading ofthe proposition,
his main objection would have been answered by
its very terms. He says thatthis is not a proper
tribunal to determine the question as to who is the
discoverer. The proposition is not to determine
it, but the reverse. It is to submit the question to
the tribunals of the country for decision on the
very ground which he assumes, that this is not a
proper tribunal.
Mr. HUNTER. I would ask the Senator if
this is not taking jurisdiction over the subject?
Are we not assuming to say how these questions
are to be determined, and thus assuming jurisdic-
tion ?
Mr. BORLAND. It is not assuming jurisdic-
tion. It is simply making an appropriation of
money, the payment of which is to be contingent
on the decree of a court, under the laws as they
now exist, and not to prescribe any new law on
the subject. It is to submit the question to the
tribunals of the country under the existing laws,
and to make an appropriation of money to be
paid on the award of a court; that is all.
As to the objection that an individual has a
patent and he should enforce his patent right, I
need hardly remind the Senate, for it is a matter
which has attracted general attention, that this is
one of those cases where, from the very nature of
the circumstances, the rights of the patentee can-
not be enforced. You cannot go into the sick
chamber and arrest the surgeon in the performance
of his professional duty, and deprive a patient,
who is on the verge of the grave, of a benefit from
theapplication of a remedy because it may infringe
the right of a patentee. And if you could, it is
one of those cases at which the feelings of every
man would revolt. It is one of those cases where
you cannot enforce a patentee's rights. You would
have to go to the bedside of almost every sick man
in the country. You would have to follow your
Army and Navy surgeons throughout their whole
course upon the land and upon the sea, and ex-
amine into every case where they have occasion,
in the alleviation of human suffering and the saving
of human life, to use this remedial agent.
Suppose, sir, this patentee could enforce his
rights against individuals, how can he enforce
them against the Government? We are in the
hourly violation of the law. If I may use such an
expression, with regard to thfc action of this Gov-
ernment, I would say we were the great pirate
upon the rights of this discoverer, whoever he
may be. By a general law we have carried out
that provision of the Constitution to secure to in-
ventors the exclusive use of their property for a
