1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
843
certain time. We have, under that Jaw, issued
to an individual a patent right, giving him a right
of action against everybody who shall invade his
patent; and, in the very face of it, we have been
for years, and with an arm whose strength he
cannot resist, taking his property and converting
it to the public use. This is a simple proposition
to make his patent under the laws available to
him, and to protect him against the strong arm
of the Government, which is constantly invading
his rights and taking them from him.
Will any one say that the amount of money
proposed to be appropriated is too large? Go aBk
your medical men of the Navy and of the Army,
to say nothing of the private physicians and sur-
geons throughout the world. Ask them what
such an agent is worth, even if you could estimate
it in dollars and cents, and they would tell you
millions, instead of a paltry hundred thousand
dollars. They would tell you that they ought
not to be deprived of its use in their profession,
and would not be deprived of it if the Govern-
ment had to pay $10,000,000 instead of $100,000
for it. You cannot estimate its value in money.
The enlightened surgeons of the Army and Navy
will tell you that it is of more value, not only than
one, or any ten, or perhaps nine tenths, of all
the remedies they are called upon to use in the
daily practice of their profession; and that money
could not buy from them the privilege of using it
on all occasions, whenever it might be necessary
in their daily practice.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. President, I know that
my friend from Virginia has a heavy responsibil-
ity upon him in reference to these appropriation
bills. I think it is not fair that we should take
up much time in tneir discussion. I was on the
Select Committee which investigated the subject,
and I have had my difficulties in connection with
the matter. I do not know that I am entirely re-
lieved from them now; but the view I take of the
subject is this: This anaesthesia, as it is termed,
the process by which the human system can be
rendered insensible to pain, cannot, in my opin-
ion, be made the subject of a patent. It is not
tangible enough to be the subject of a grant to se-
cure an individual such a right as he could protect
by a law-suit, or such a right as might not be in-
vaded with impunity. I regard the invention,
from its very sublimity, as one which cannot be
subjected to a patent. It comes clearly within
the spirit of the patent laws; and if a man can
have a security for his rights for what is tangible,
this discoverer ought to have some protection for
that which is more sublime, and above the tangi-
ble mode and subject of patents. 1 have thus in a
few words given my view upon this subject.
This is too sublime an invention for a patent. I
think if anything should be protected, it should
be. I have come to that conclusion; bat I agree
with the Senator from Virginia that this is a private
claim, and therefore I cannot vote for it as an
amendment to this bill, and particularly for the
reason I urged the other day. This is an irre-
sponsible modeof legislation,seizing upon afavor-
ite and strong measure to ingraft it upon the
appropriation bills, and thus carry it through. I
sympathize with the honorable chairman of the
Select Committee, the gentleman from Wiscon-
sin, who has manifested so much sensibility upon
this subject, and whose care, and diligence, and
attention, I think entitles him at least to thegrati-
tude of those who are enjoying the benefits of this
sublime discovery.
Mr. NORR1S. I am not going to discuss the
amendment, or to detain the Senate more than a
few moments; but I wish to eay to the Senator
from South Carolina that he has mistaken a single
point in this case, when he says that this is a dis-
covery which is not patentable. It is patentable,
and a patent has been issued for it under the lawi
Mr. BUTLER. I do not undertake to decide
that it is not patentable; but I said a patent for it
could not be enforced in a suit.
Mr. NORRIS. I agree with the Senatorsfrom
Virginia and South Carolina, that this is not a
matter that should be regulated upon this bill.
Doctor Morton has a patent. Let him enforce
bis patent as other patentees do. I understand
another thing in regard to this matter This
amendment appropriates J100,000 to one of three
individuals. I have looked into this case some-
what, and I understand that it is a contest between
these individuals, and between others who claim
to have done something toward the development
of this remedial agent. I understand that the
origin of it was, that in administering this gas to
! an individual in Hartford, he injured himself by
it, and he did not perceive that he was injured till
sometime afterwards. After the gas had disap-
peared, he found he was seriously injured. My
information is, that then, so soon as he discovered
that, he declared that any operation might be per-
formed under the influence of that gas, and he
is not named in the amendment. From that,
Doctor Wells and Doctor Morton, and others,
have been experimenting. For myself, I do not
think that if these $100,000 are to be paid, any one
of them should have it. I think it should go, not
to one of these individuals, but to such persons to
whom the court might judge proper to give it, if
it thought proper to give it at all. I am opposed
to the amendment.
Mr. HAMLIN. I was a member of the Select
Committee to which this subject was referred; and
I have risen only to express my concurrence in
what another member of the committee, the Sen-
ator from South Carolina, has said. I concur
with the idea which he expressed, that this is not
the appropriate place for this amendment. This
is not an appropriate bill to which to attach this
proposition. I agreed to the report of that com-
mittee in general terms. The proposition itself,
however, does not meet my approbation in all its
details. I think there is an amendment which
should be made to it, if it be adopted. I had no
understanding, however, as a member of that
committee, that it was to be offered as an amend-
ment to this bill; and I do not understand that it
was reported as an amendment to this bill from
that committee.
Mr. BORLAND. It comes from the Commit-
, tee on Military Affairs.
1 Mr. HAMLIN. I thought it did not come from
the Select Committee. I think that it is what it
proposes to be—a proposition to test the validity
of the various rights of these persons, as to who
i was the firat discoverer; and then it provides the
manner in which the distribution shall be made;
but still the terms of the amendment, if adopted,
are so restricted and limited, I think, as to exclude
one of the parties, who claims to be the earliest
discoverer.
Mr. BRODHEAD. 1 rise for the purpose of
making an inquiry. I understand from my friend
from Arkansas that there are three parties who
' claim this money. Now, is there anything in this
amendment to prevent these three parties having
a mutual understanding in this proceeding in the
court, by which one may get $50,000, another
$25,000, and the other $25,000? I think we ought
to put in a provision guarding against anything of
that kind. If I could be satisfied that this matter
would be conducted properly—that parties would
so understand it—that the bill would be so restrict-
ed, I am not sure that I would be vwy strenuous
in my opposition to it, because this is certainly a
great improvement. I do not think, however,
that this bill is the proper place on which to attach
this provision.
Mr. BORLAND. I have a word to say in
answer to my friend from Pennsylvania. I do
not know, nor*can I know what private under-
standing these individuals may have with each
other, or what course they may take in regard to
the distribution of the money; and 1 should not
suppose that it was possible by the provisions of
the amendment, to guard against it. The matter
is submitted to the judgment of the court, on the
presumption that the court will decide it fairly
and equitably, and there is a provision for an ap-
peal to the Supreme Court of the United States.
As to what arrangements the parties may make
among themselves, after the judgment of the
court, and the money be paid over, of course 1
do not understand. No provision exists in the
amendment, nor do I suppose any could be made
to guard against that.
Mr. HALE. Whether this is a matter for a
patent or not, one thing is very certain: Accord-
ing to the testimony of officers of the Army and
Navy, you are using it. The Government of the
United States is in the actual and positive enjoy-
ment of it; therefore, if it is a great benefit, if it is
too sublime for the operation of such a sublunary
, affair as the patent laws, then let us take a sub-
'lime position, and compensate the man whose in-
vention and discovery we are using. If it is not
| too sublime for that, and if it does pertain to the
j earth, and is earthly, let us deal with it in that
way, and recognize the established fact that there
is a patent right, and that we are infringing it to-
day in the Army and in the Navy. What is the
use of saying to the patentee, " Enforce your pat-
ent rights," when we hold ourselves aloof from any
investigation in the courts ? Can Dr. Morton or
I any one else sue the United States? Here are
your surgeons in the Army and in the Navy using
this discovery every day. When Dr. Morton
complains, and asks compensation, can he sue the
i United States?
Mr. NORRIS. I would ask my colleague if he
cannot bring suit against those officers who violate
the patent?
Mr. HALE. I do not know how that may be.
Whether it be so or not, I take the fact. That
does not answer the allegation that the United
States are receiving the benefits of this discovery.
Why, sir, your soldiers who are wounded, your
sailors who are suffering, your sick and distressed
in the Army and in the Navy, are receiving the
benefits of this discovery, and if you are actu-
ally receiving and enjoying those benefits, it seems
to me it would not become the dignity, the honor,
and the honesty of the Government, to tell Dr.
, Morton "You cannot sue me." Last and least
of all would it be becoming that magnanimity
which I know my honorable colleague exercises
in all the concerns of life for us to turn round and
say, " Sue the humble servants; sue our officers !"
No, sir. The United States have received the
benefit of this discovery. Everybody admits that
it is a great discovery; everybody admits that it is
I one of the greatest contributions to the cause of
humanity which this age or any other has wit-
I nessed, and the world accords to this country the
I honor of the discovery. It seems to me that if it
be such a great benefit, and we are using it, we
ought to make compensation for it.
The objection is made that this appropriation
bill is not the proper place for the amendment.
Sir, that is not the fault of the discoverer, be he
who he may. It is your fault, Mr. President, and
mine, and the fault of the Senate, and the fault of
Congress, who have so much time to devote to
windy speeches and so little time to practical bus-
iness, that it has got to be understood that there is
to be a general rush at the end of the session to
put everything on the appropriation bills, or there
will be no chance for practical legislation. These
are the facts per se. Everybody knows that a
[ practical measure cannot be got through. It has
I to be postponed to hear speeches on everything
' else on the face of the earth except something that
we have anything to do with; and the general un-
derstanding is, that when anything is to be done
I on practical subjects, it must be upon an appropri-
' ation bill. That is our fault, and do not let us
i turn away anybody that comes here asking jus-
j tice because it is put in this place. Does anybody
I believe that this proposition can get through at
| this session, or could be got through at any time
during the session, unless upon an appropriation
bill ? I think not.
With all deference to the older and wiser men
in the Senate than I am, I wish to say that I con-
sider that this is a most eminently appropriate bill
1 to which to attach this amendment. Why ? Be-
cause this bill, as I understand, makes appropria-
tions for the support of the Army. If you owe
anything to anybody equitably for a service which
has been rendered to the Army, the Army appro-
I priation bill is the proper place to put it in, and it
I seems to me that there can be no bill to which it
' would be more appropriate to have an amendment
of this Rort attached than to the bill making ap-
propriations for the Army.
' Now, a word in regard to the details of the
i measure. I have not investigated them. I knew
: that this matter was submitted to gentlemen of
i such clear heads and strong minds and benevolent
hearts as the Senator from Wisconsin and the Sen-
j ator from South Carolina, and I rested in undoubt-
ing faith on any bill which they might report. I
understand that the details of this proposition are
such as receive the approbation of their judgment
upon such deliberation as they have given it.
U pon every consideration of order and of propriety,
(without considering whether the proposition is
germane to the bill,) of equity, and of honesty, it
1 seems to me that something of this sort ou?ht to
! be done, and done exactly in the way in which it
