844
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 25,
is proposed to be done. Then if Dr. Wells or '
his heirs be entitled, or Dr. Morton, or Dr. Jack- '
son, let them come in and have it, and let us do
this simple act of justice, because if we do not do ,
it now, the danger is that we never will do it.
Mr. BORLAND. A few words will answer
the sugzestion of the Senator from New Hamp-
shire, [Mr. Norris,] that Dr. Morton, or who-
ever may be the patentee, should enforce his
patent through the courts. Has it occurred to the
Senator that a practical difficulty arises in the
way? I said when I was up before, that in the
very nature of things the patent cannot be en-
forced, and I Rtated the general considerations.
But there ia a higher one as a matter of fact which |
it seems to me is conclusive. The use of ether, j
as a remedial agent, as one of the means which
the medical man has to practice his profession, has
been in use from time immemorial, long before
these persons or their fathers were born. It was
one of the established remedial agents known to the
medical profession, and used by them in various
ways in practice, which I need not enumerate.
Suppose the patentee were to sue a surgeon, either
in ihe Army or Navy, or a private surgeon for the
infringement of his patent, how could he establish
it? Suppose he proved that the surgeon did use
sulphuric ether in his practice.
Mr. NORRIS. The Senator will allow me to
ask him if the court upon investigation should find
that neither of the sentlemen named in this amend-
ment was the original discoverer of this applica-
tion of ether, what would then be done?
Mr. BORLAND. If the Senator will look at
the amendment, he will see that it provides that
the United States shall be complainant, and that
these individuals shall be the defendants. If
neither of them establishes a claim, I take it that
no money will be paid to anybody. That will be
the result. We do not propose to pay the money I
to any one who does not establish a claim. ;
Mr. NORRIS. The amendment presupposes |]
that one of these persons is the discoverer. i
Mr. BORLAND. Neither of them can receive :
anything unless he establishes his claim. I was |j
going on to say, however, that there was a prac- )]
tical difficulty in the enforcement of the patent. |j
Any one who knows anything of the practice of ji
medicine, or any one who has observed it, whether
a member of the medical profession or not, must
know that it is exceedingly difficult, if not impos-
sible, to prove in a court of justice what particular '
remedy a surgeon or physician used in his prac- j
tice. You cannot prove it. The very individual
against whom the action would be brought, is, in
nine cases out of ten, the only individual who 1
would be able to tell what he had used, and by 1
him of course, in a suit you could not prove it.
You cannot prove it by anybody else, for no one j
is competent to say what a physician or surgeon
on a particular occasion did use. Suppose, how-
ever, that it should be established as a fact that a
physician ors.rgeon did use sulphuric ether in his j|
practice, he could plead that he was but pursuing I
his profession legitimately, that he was using a ji
remedy which had been in use in the profession |l
from time immemorial; but yet, notwithstanding
that, notwithstanding this defense could be set up,
and successfully set up, we know the fact beyond
all controversy, that this particular application of
this remedial agent has been made by some one of j
these individuals, or somebody else within the last j
few years. Hence, I think the suggestion made ||
by the Senator from South Carolina is a very i
proper one, that this is a case which rises above J
the patent laws, and there is something sublime in I
it which the mere enactments of our patent laws
cannot reach, and certainly cannot enforce a rem- j
edv for the protection of the individual.
Mr. BUTLER. I cannot vote for the amend- t
nient, because I do not think that it is appropriate !
to this bill. '
Mr. DAVIS. I move to amend the amendment
by striking out the words " according to the prin- ,
o.iples of the law of patents in the United States,"
go that it shall read:
" An/I the issue therein shall be, which one of the said !1
parties first named was the original, true, and first discov-
erer," &e. !
I would state in a few words the explanation i
of the object of my amendment. The original ;
amendment proposes to allow a bill in equity |
to settle upon principles of equity who is the |j
discoverer of this principle which has been so 1!
much iommented upon here. I want free and
ample scope given to the inquiry. 1 desire that it
may not be limited by any technical rule or any
technical regulation, but that the court shall estab-
lish its own regulations applying the law to the
case; and if it is its pleasure to adopt the rules and
regulations which are applicable to patent cases, I
have no objection to that. I do not wish to in-
struct the court to be governed by these rules, but
to leave it open, it being an inquiry in equity, to
the court to establish its own regulations in regard
to that inquiry.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, I have no
doubt myself that the effect of the amendment of
the Senator from Arkansas, with the amendment
of the Senator from Massachusetts, would be pre-
cisely what it would be called without it. I think
that would be so, because the issue which is to be
made up and to be tried is an issue as to who is
the discoverer of what is technically called in the
amendment a " discovery,"and that is to be ascer-
tained by a court of equity, which proceeds, in as-
certaining it, so far as principle is concerned, upon
the principles of right and justice. Principles of
right and justice are ascertained by courts of
equity as well as by courts of law, by existing
laws, or settled precedents or principles. Now,
then, the courts of law and equity, on the subject
of patents or inventions, or priority in inventions,
have settled this one thing—that no man is the
discoverer of a discovery except he who has not
only made the discovery of the principle, but has
brought it into practical application. No court
can have any other mode, or find any other prin-
ciple upon which to determine who is the dis-
coverer, than to trace the thought from its first
conception, until you reach the embodiment of it
in practice. I think, therefore, that the original
amendment would have the same effect either with
or without the amendment proposed to it by the
Senator from Massachusetts. But it is because
that it is an action aside altogether from the ordi-
nary course of action—an issue directed by the
Government—that it seems to me to be better to
leave the purpose of the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts to be effectually carried out by the
original amendment as it stands, as it amounts to
precisely the same thing. There never was, and
never will be, a court that will give a reward to a
man for imagining or conceiving a benefit or a
principle by which a benefit can be conferred
upon mankind, unless he actually reduced it to
practice, and showed that to the court. That
constitutes this case.
Mr. BUTLER. I think the amendment to the
amendment is eminently right. That was my
opinion in the committee, and it is my opinion
now. We had better leave the matter to be set-
tled by the court, and not put in any restriction
which might be regarded as hampering them.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to, and the question recurred on the amendment
as amended.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I have an amendment to
offer in the shape of a proviso, which I presume
will not be objected to by the friends of the ori-
ginal amendment. It is to add:
" Provided, That before the said sum of $100,(100, or any
part thereof, shall be paid to either of the^arties named in
this act, he shall make oaih in due form of law that lie has
not been guilty of collusion with either of the parties above
named in this act in any way whatever."
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
Mr. HUNTER called for the yeas and nays on
the amendment, and they were ordered.
Mr. NORRIS. 1 move to amend the amend-
ment by inserting after the words " Horace
Wells," the words " or any other person or per-
sons claiming an interest in said discovery," so
that it shall read:
11 And the said "William T. G. Morton, Charles T. Jack-
son, and the personal representative or representatives of
the said Horace Wells, or any other person or persons
claiming an interest in said discovery, shall be delend
ants."
Mr. BRADBURY. I hope that amendment
will not be adopted. It is known that great prog-
ress had been made by scientific gentlemen in
other countries towards this discovery. The ori-
ginal amendment is based upon the idea that
enough has been done in this country to entitle
the discoverer here to a national reward, and the
sum is fixed at $100,000. There are no other per-
sons than those named in the original amendment,
in this country, who have made known that they
have any claims of the kind. The contest in the
scientific world has been confined to the three gen-
tlemen. If the amendment of the Senator from
New Hampshire be adopted, it will open the ques-
tion to individuals from other countries to come in
here and contest for this prize. We go upon the
ground that what has been done here is sufficient
to entitle the individuals named in the amend-
ment, or one of them, to that reward. I should
have wished that the phraseology had been some-
what different. I should have preferred that, in-
stead of compelling the court to decide in favor of
one individual, it should have been authorized to
proceed according to the principles of equity, and
to allow either the whole $100,000 to one of the
individuals, or such part of it to each, as the re-
spective merits of the claimants, in the opinion of
the court, should entitle them. But the amend-
ment which has been adopted on the motion of
the honorable Senator from Massachusetts re-
lieves the original amendment, in some degree,
from the objections which existed to it before.
When the subject was under consideration at the
last session, I suggested that the Senate seemed
to be an inappropriate tribunal to settle a question
of fact of the kind presented, and that some other
tribunal should be resorted to. I think that a
proper one is proposed; and I trust that we shall
not adopt a provision so broad as to render the
original proposition nugatory.
Mr. DAVIS. I hope the amendment of the
honorable Senator from New Hampshire will not
be adopted. I think there is no question at all
about this matter. It is admitted not only by all
medical men here, but we have abundant testi-
mony from the other side of the Atlantic that it is
considered a discovery of very great merit and
great importance, and is entirely new to themedical
associations and societies which exist there. As
the Senator from Maine has very justly observed,
the merit of the discovery is awarded to persons
in this country; and as far as my knowledge ex-
tends, no persons set up any pretensions, except
the three named. If there beany other pretension
I have never heard of it. And now to open the
matter in the way proposed by the Senator from
New Hampshire, and to enable people to set up
pretensions to this discovery, to come up, vex the
courts, and disturb the proceedings, seems to me
to be wholly unnecessary. I hope therefore the
amendment to the amendment will not be agreed
to.
Mr. NORRIS. The Senator from Maine says
that my amendment opens the whole subject of
this controversy not only to American citizens
but to foreigners. Now, when the Senator sets
that plea in opposition to my amendment, he
tacitly admits that the three gentlemen named in
the original amendment are not entitled to the
credit of the discovery at all. If they are entitled
to the discovery they will be able to manifest it,
and prove it, notwithstandingforeigners may claim
it.
Now, a word to the Senator from Massachusetts.
He thinks that there is no person but these three
gentlemen, who have any claim to this matter. I
do not know that there is. My own belief, from
what investigation I have given the subject, is, that
neither of them was the discoverer of this princi-
ple. The operation or the effect of either was
known long before either of these gentlemen pre-
tend to have made any discoveries m regard to it.
That point is very clear to my mind. But, sir, to
avoid anything that the two Senators have stated,
I will modify my amendment by adding to it the
words, " and beingan American citizen." Iam
sure that neither the Senator from Maine nor the
Senator from Massachusetts would restrict this in«
vestigation to the three individuals who are named
in the amendment, if anybody else can show a
better claim than they. Why not admit others to
tome in and be made parties to this case? Can
they assign any reason on earth, I ask, why no
other individual than these three should be permit-
ted to come in and be made parties to this suit?
What reason can be given why any persons
should not have any opportunity of establishing
that they are the original discoverers ? I can see
none.
I do not wish to embarress the proposition. I
shall vote against it because I do not believe that
this is the appropriate place for it; but still, if it is
to be submitted to a court to decide the question,
