1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
845
let every person who has any claims to the discov-
ery, have a right to eome in and contest the mat-
ter. That is all that I propose.
Mr. BUTLER. The committee which was
appointed to investigate this subject, was some-
what a tribunal of inquiry; and they have die- i
charged the office whicn devolved upon them by
inquiring into the parties. They have indicated
these three persons; and if neither of them is en-
titled, I am willing that the Senator from New
Hampshire shall havean amendment inserted that
if, in the opinion of the court, neither of the par-
ties is entitled to any portion of the money, the
bill shall be dismissed; but if you throw out
$100,000, and invite all the world to come in and
be parties, I do not believe that any court could
decide upon it. We have been a grand jury, and
we have found this bill in this specific form, and
if the court should not be satisfied that either of
the parties was entitled, 1 think that, as a matter
of course, the bill would be dismissed. If any
person else is entitled, let him come forward to
Congress, or come to the court, and enter his pro-
test in such a way as to bring it before the public.
Mr. BRADBURY. The remarks of the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire render it necessary
that I should say a few words in reply. He says
that I assume, by the remarks which I have sub-
mitted, that neither of the parties in this case is
entitled to the merit of the discovery. If the hon-
orable Senator had investigated this suhject, he
would have known that previous to the experi-
ments of either of the persons named in the amend-
ment, it was known that insensibility to pain could
be produced, but the idea had not been conceived
and carried out that this discovery could be used
for surgical and medicinal operations. The merit
of the discovery consists in the application of the
knowledge to practical purposes.
Now, it is obvious that if we invite the whole
world to com* in, no good can be attained. If
we confine ourselves to this country, as is now
proposed by the Senator from New Hampshire,
we are very certain that the scientific world would
have heard something of this, if there were any
other competitors; and I venture to say, there is
not an individual in the Senate who has ever heard
that any other persons than those named in the
amendment have seriously put forth any claim to
the discovery. Therefore 1 think the amendment
of the Senator from New Hampshire would rather
tend to embarrass the original measure than other-
wise, and i-annot be productive of any good result.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected,
and the question recurred tipon the amendment as
amended; which question being taken by yeas and
nays, resulted—yeas 26, nays 23; as follows:
TEAS—Messrs. Adams, Badger, Bell, Borland, Brad-
bury, Chariton, Clarke, Cooper, Davis, Sedge of Iowa,
Downs, Hale, Houston, James, Jones of Iowa, Maltory,
Miller, Morton, Busk, Seward, BimHi, Seal*, Sumner,
Wade, Walker, and Weller—26.
N AY8—Messrs. Bayard, Bright, Brodhead, Butler, Cass,
Chase, Dawson, De Saussure, Douglas, Fitzpatrick, Foot,
Hamlin, Hunter, Jones of Tennessee, Mangum, Mason,
Norris, Pearce, PeUit, Phelps, Pratt, Spruauee, and Un-
derwood—23.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. I have two amendments to
offer which are merely for the purpose of restoring
the estimates, and which I overlooked before. The
first one is to increase the appropriation for «' can-
non gun-carriages and projectiles for •ea-coast de-
fense" from #100,000 to #200,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. The other amendment is to
increase the appropriation for ordnance, ordnance
stores, and supplies, from #65,000 to #100,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I have an amendment to
offer for the protection of the emigrant route to
Oregon and California, which requires no money,
and which I hope will be adopted. It is to add
the following as an additional section:
Sec.  . Mud. be it further enacted, That the President
of the United States is hereby authorized to enter into con-
tracts with such person or persons as shall make the most
favorable proposals, and give the most satisfactory assu-
rance and security for defending and protecting the emigrant
route and improving and keeping in good condition the
roads through the Territories of the United States, from the
western border of the States in the Mississippi valley to the
eastern border of California and to the Pacific ocean in the
Territory of Oregon, on the following terras, to wit:
pMflkThe contractors are to establish posts or station-
houNHong the route at such points and distances as the
President shall designate, and shall keep at least twenty
well-armed men at eaob of said posts to protect and defend
all emigrants, travelers, and settlers ou and along said
route.
Second. That the contractors shall make and keep in
repair a good wagon road along each of said routes with
bridges or terries across all thestreapis, and shall charge no
higher rates for crossing said streams than shall be pre-
scribed by the President.
Third. 4n consideration of the services required by Ala
section, the President is hereby authorised to grant to such
contractors four sections of land at and in the vicinity of
each of said posts, which said grant of land shall be in full
of all services rendered or expenses incurred under this
section.
Mr. HUNTER. It seems to me that we are
putting important propositions upon this bill with
very little consideration. This as a measure of
great importance which it is now proposed to at-
tach. if 1 were in favor of it, I should be unwilling
to tack such measures as these to the Army appro-
priation bill, but 1 know there is no time to debate
them. 1 shall say nothing about them, except to
call the attention of the Senate again to the course
which we are pursuing in regard to the legislation
of the country.
Mr. DOUGLAS. It is purely a matter of de-
fense, costs no money, and carries no consequence
hereafter that ean bring money out of the Treas-
ury.
Mr. BELL. I do not see any objection to the
amendment, except that it will retard a greater im-
provement—a railroad to the Pacific.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Not at all. It will hasten it.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I cannot view the
proposition in the light in which the Senator from
Tennessee speaks of it. It seems tome theamend-
ment of the Senator from Illinois would have pre-
cisely the opposite effect. 1 think the Senator
from Tennessee will do me the justice to say that
there is no more sincere friend of that great pro-
ject which has occupied so much time, than my-
self; but I know the importance of the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Illinois. It is
important to enable our people to reach the Pacific
border. It is important to protect them from the
merciless Indian tomahawks—important to give
them some resting-ptaee. After the deep and bit-
ter opposition manifested here to the other propo-
sition, I trust this little amendment, at least, will
be adopted for the benefit of those who are cross-
ing over our territories to the Pacific.
Mr. WELLER called for the yeas and nays
on the amendment, and they were ordered.
Mr. PRATT. The distance of this route, as
has been estimated, is two thousand five hundred
miles. If at every ten miles there is to be a sta-
tion, and four sections of land to be granted to
each station, there will be granted one thousand
sections of land. But the effect of the amend-
ment is to authorize the President to contract,
without specifying the period for which he may
contract, whether for one year, or six months, or
one month; bat we are obliged to grant these one
thousand sections of land to the most favorable
contractor, on the condition that the parties pro-
tect the route. It may be only for one month.
No matter how long they may propose, the Presi-
dent is required to contract and to give the one
thousand sections of land. I do not think the
amendment is a judicious one. If it is to pass at
all it should certainly be amended.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The Senator is mistaken as
to the number of the posts. The President is to
designate how many are necessary. The four
sections of land are only to be taken in the vicin-
ity of those posts which the President may desig-
nate.
Mr. PRATT. Then there may be still more
land granted.
The question being taken, by yeas and nays,
on the amendment, resulted—yeas 25, nays 23;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Borland, Bright, Brodhead, Cass, Chase,
Clarke, Cooper, De Saussure, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge
of Iowa, Douglas, Downs, Felcb, Gwin, Hale, Hamlin,
James, Jones of Iowa, Shields, 9oul«, Sumner, Toucey,
Wade, Walker, and Weller—95.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Badger, Bell, Bradbury, Charl-
ton, Dawson, Fitzpatrick, Foot, Hunter, Jones of Tennes-
see, Mallory, Mangum, Mason, Miller, Morton, Norris,
Pettit, Phelps, Pratt, Rusk, Seward, Spraance, and Under-
wood—23.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WELLER. I have an amendment to offer
as an additional section:
Sec. —. And be it farther enacted, That the first pro-
viso of the thirteenth section of the act approved the 3d of
March, 1847,entitled " An act making provision for an ad-
ditional!) umber efgeaeral o«cen, aneU'or othsr purposes,"
be, and the same is hereby, repealed, so as to plae* the offi-
cers of the disbursing department upon the tame footing
with respect to rank as other staff officers.
Mr. CASS. I do not understand that amend-
ment.
Mr. WELLER. The thirteenth section of the
act of 1847, to which the amendment refers, is in
these words:
" That the officers of the Pay Department shall bare rank
corresponding with the rank with which their pay and al-
lowances assimilate: Provided, That paymasters shall not,
in virtue of such rank, be entitled to command in the line
of the Army."
The only effect of my amendment is to repeal
the proviso which I have just read. I see no good
reason why disbursing officers should be excluded
from commanding, if, in the judgment of the Pres-
ident, they should be competent officers to com-
mand, as is oftentimes the case. They are the
only persons of the staff Department in the Army
who are excluded from commanding, and it often
occurs that the paymaster is the most competent
person on the frontier to take the command. The
whole matter is left to the discretion of the Presi-
dent, and he is to give command only if the officer
be competent. I desire, in such case, that he shall
have the power, if he chooses, of selecting a pay-
master as the proper officer. The only effect of
the amendment is, to put the paymasters of the
Army on an equal footing with the other staff offi-
cers.
Mr. CASS. Allow me to ask the honoraMe
Senator, will not physicians come within the same
category ?
Mr. WELLER. Not under this amendment.
Mr. CASS. But should they not? That is
what I mean.
Mr. WELLER. I do not know.
Mr. CASS. It seems to me that we have car-
ried this thing far enough. A year or two ago,
we gave to paymasters and other officers rank,
and now we are called upon to give them com-
mands. There is this to be observed: A pay-
master may be taken in mature age and put into
the Army. He has not to go through such a school
of training and practice as other officers. I do not
see the necessity of these perpetual changes. To-
day we are asked to give paymasters commands,
to-morrow it will be physicians, and what next I
do not know. I think we had better let the Army
remain as it is.
Mr. WELLER. The only staff officers now
excluded from commands are paymasters. I sup-
pose that those who belong to the surgeon's staff
could be, at the discretion of the President, put
under orders. The proviso that I seek to repeal
excludes the paymasters alone. If the paymaster
is a mere civilian, if he is an incompetent person,
the President of the United States of course would
never direct him to take command. But if he be
qualified—and I know there are many of them
better qualified than officers of the line—the Presi-
dent of the United States should have power to
direct them to take command. That is all I pro-
pose.
Mr. SHIELDS. This question was before the
Committee on Military Affairs, and they declined
to act upon it. Although there are cases such as
the honorable Senator states where pay officers
are qualified to command, yet, as a body, I think
it might be dangerous to give them this rank and
command. This amendment, in the first place,
gives them rank,and that rank will be followed of
course by command, and when they come in com-
petition with an officer of the line inferior to them
m rank, they will assume the command over him.
Mr. WELLER. If that be so I do not under-
stand the effect of my own amendment. I think
a paymaster could assume no command under it
without the order of the President. The law now
is that no staff officer shall take command without
direction of the President.
Mr. SHIELDS. Staff officers ought not to have
any right whatsoever to interfere with officers of
the line. That has been carried too far already,
as suggested by the honorable Senator from Mich-
igan. One of the great evils now in the Army is
tne conflict between staff officers, whose duties are
not those of command, and officers of the line,
whose duty it is to command. I would prefer that
this matter should not be acted on now. I trust
there will be some general regulations adopted
which will make theaubject somewhat more sys-
tematic '1*^ it in now. There 13 certainly great
