846
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 25,
confusion in our Army, and this only tends to in- j
crease that confusion.
Mr. HALE. I understood the chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs to say that this
matter had been submitted to his committee and
acted upon.
Mr. SHIELDS. We declined to make any
change.
Mr. HALE. That is all I want to know.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator from Delaware,
[Mr. B^vard,] who is necessarily absent, has re-
quested me to offer an amendment to which I can
see no objection. He tells ine that it has passed
the Senate twice as a separate bill. It is to add
the following additional section:
Sec. — Jlnd be it further enacted, That the lot of land
in the town of New Castle, in the State of Delaware, upon
which an arsenal has been erected, and the site of the arse-
nal, he, and the same are hereby, reconveyed and granted
to the trustees of said town and their successors.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAWSON. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs to offer the following
amendment:
Sec. — jind be it further enacted, That for the purpose
of enabling the Commissioner ot the Military Asylum to
purchase the IS I lie Lick Springs, with a view to the estab- •
libhment thereat of the Western Military Asylum, as au-
thorized by the eighteenth section of the Army appropri-
ation bill, approved August 31,1&>2, the sum of ,^10,000, in
addition to the sum in the hands of the commissioners, is
hereby appropriated out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated.
Mr. SHIELDS. I would state that this
amendment is reported by a majority of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs. I did not concur in
the report, and I shall not vote for the proposition.
I think it is not the part of legislation to make this
selection. It is an Executive matter The board
have power to do it already, and I do not want to
interfere by this legislation. J
Mr. DOWNS. I do not see any necessity for ;
this amendment. At any rate I should like to '
hear some explanation of it before I vote for it.
If I understand the matter, the board of officers
whose duty it was to select the site, visited the
West and examined different points, but did not
select this as the proper site. I should like to hear
some explanation of the amendment. The matter
has been intrusted to a board of commissioners,
and why should the Senate now, without any in-
formation on the subject, take it out of their
hands and establish the Western Asylum at this
point, which, I understand, has been declined by
the proper board of officers, whose duty it was to
select a site? I should like to hear the object ex- 1
plained.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I promise not to j
expose myself to the imputation of the Senator
from New Hampshire, by inflicting a long speech j
upon the Senate. I rise for the purpose of an-
swering the question propounded by the honor- 1
able Senator from Louisiana. The Board of Com-
missioners appointed for the purpose of locating
three asylums have gone forward to discharge
that duty. They have selected a site near this
city for one of them, and have established an
asylum here. They selected another site, either
in the State of Louisiana or Mississippi, at the
Pass Christian, I believe. And the third one re-
mains to be located. The question arises, Why
should we interpose in this matter? I would refer
the honorable Senator who asked that question to
the report of the commissioners themselves. They
state the reasons why they have not located the
Western Asylum, and in their report, the reason
assigned is this: They have declined to do so be-
cause they were not satisfied of the sufficiency of
their means to accomplish it. I understand that
they felt they had not means enough to justify the
location anywhere. You will remember, Mr.
President, that, at the last session of Congress,
an act was passed directing the commissioners to
examine the Blue Lick Springs. In pursuance of
that act, Generals Scott and Wool, and Surgeon
General Lawson, proceeded to Kentucky and ex-
amined that location, together with others. At
this session of Congress, the Senate called upon
the Secretary of War to furnish the Senate with
a report of that examination. That report is be-
fore us. The document contains the report of
Generals Scott and Wool anil Surgeon General
Lawson. General Scott, in his report, states that
the commissioners did not make the purchase of a
location because of the want of means. General
Wool recommends strongly the purchase of the
Blue Lick Springs, and Surgeon General Lawson,
in a very able report, recommends in the strongest
terms the purchase of that site. Then, the ques-
tion arises, Why did they not purchase? The
answer is to be found in the fact that they had
not money enough to do it. But gentlemen ask,
Why shall we take it out of their hands ? I sup-
pose I am one of the last men in the Senate who
would be disposed, or who would subject himself
to the imputation of being disposed to take any
power from the hands of General Scott or the
Commission. But, sir, the information is all be-
, fore us, as fully as it is before the Board; and
i when we possess that information, I ask, are we
not as competent to decide that question as Gen-
eral Scott or any other man?
Two out of the three commissioners who have
examined the Blue Lick Springs report decidedly
and strongly in favor of this purchase. What is
the ground assumed by Surgeon General Lawson ?
He tells you that we ought to purchase the Blue
Lick Springs, if it can be done on favorable
terms; and this amendment proposes nothing else.
It does not make it obligatory on the commission-
ers to purchase that site. It simply makes an
appropriation of §10,000, which, it is believed,
added to the fund in the hands of the Board, will
enable them to purchase that or any other suitable
site. Surgeon General Lawson makes this state-
ment: 1 hope every Senator will listen to it, and
that it will reach every Senator's heart. He tells
you that if you intend in good faith to carry out
the purposes and objects contemplated by the
establishment of the Board, now is the time to do
it. He says that the buildings at the Blue Lick
Springs are in a condition to receive and entertain
comfortably three or four hundred persons. All
of us who reside in the West and Southwest
know that there are hundreds, yea, thousands of
our soldiers who have returned from Mexico, who
are now disabled, lingering and dying constantly
by scores and by hundreds. If we are to continue
in this condition for ten, fifteen, or twenty years,
until a site can be selected, and new buildings
erected, Surgeon General Lawson says that many
of them will have paid the last debt of nature, and
have been consigned to premature graves, which
might be avoided by the timely interposition of
this Government. Why shall we delay longer to [
select a site where it will be unnecessary to build
new houses ? Surgeon General Lawson tells us
that the houses at the Blue Lick Springs are good
and sufficient, and that it would take fifteen or
twenty years to finish the necessary buildings at
another site. During those fifteen or twenty
years, a large number of those for whom this gen-
erous, kind, and beneficent provision of the Gov-
ernment was intended, will have died, and been
denied all participation in the benefits intended to be
conferred upon them. It cannot be expected that
the soldiers in that vast region of country can
come to Washington city to find an asylum, or
can go down to Pass Christian to find it there.
But if there was one near them, they would go
there and enjoy its benefits, and thus this Govern-
ment would carry out its beneficent purpose. I do
not ask that the commissioners shall be divested
of any power which they have. This amendment
will simply give them the power to do this if they
want to do it, and then their action is to be sub-
ject to the ratification of the President, and is to be
of no effect unless ratified by him.
In addition to the other advantages of the loca-
tion, we are told by the commissioners that while
it is a healthy location, and enjoys benefits pre-
eminently above the others that have been named,
the sale of water alone will constitute a large rev-
enue to the country, and the expense of that in-
stitution might be and would be defrayed by the
sale of that water alone. I ask if there is any-
other location in all that region of country which
possesses advantages equal to this ? If there is, I
am for that; but 1 do protest in the name of hu-
manity—I protest in the name of the dying soldier
of that region, against that delay which denies to
him that asylum which is accorded to others, and
which is enjoyed by those in the extreme South,
and all the middle portion of our country. Are
our soldiers who have returned from Mexico dis-
abled, sick with diseases contracted in the Army,
poor, penniless, and defenseless, to linger while
this criminal delay on the part of the Government
is continued ? In the name of God and humanity;
in the name of justice, I ask the Congress of the
United States to make the poor appropriation
of $10,000, which will save these poor soldiers
from an untimely grave. If it does not do that,
it will at least accord to them the poor boon,
as they linger on the brink of their graves, of
knowing that in their dying hours they will not
be unheeded by a wise, just, and generous Gov-
ernment, in whose cause and in whose behalf they
had sacrificed their lives.
Mr. MASON. I want to learn from the hon-
orable Senator from Tennessee, whether that Board
of officers, who, as we know, paid a visit to that
country during the last summer for the purpose of
selecting a site for this military asylum or hospital,
have selected the Blue Lick Springs ?
Mr. JONES. I will answer the gentleman with
a great deal of pleasure. I have before me the re-
port of the three gentlemen who visited it—Gen-
eral Scott, General Wool, and Surgeon General
Lawson. General Wool and Surgeon General
Lawson recommended the selection of the Blue
Lick Springs. General Scott's reportis equivocal,
and says the Board declined to purchase because
they had no money for that purpose.
Mr. MASON. Then I understand that so far
as General Scott's report goes, whether he is in
favor of the selection or not, he presumed the
proprietors asked more than the site is worth. Is
that the fact ?
Mr. JONES. No, sir; it is not so stated.
The question of price is one that is open, and I
can only say that the proprietors of that establish-
ment are willing to leave it to any arbitrament
you choose. This amendment is not obligatory
upon the Board to purchase it at any price. It
simply gives them the means of doing so if they
please. I understand, from a personal interview
with the Board, that they supposed they had some-
thing like $100,000 at their command after the
endowment of the two asylums which they had
established, but they had not as much money as
they supposed; and for want of sufficient means,
in the opinion of the Board, they declined to make
any purchase. General Lawson and General
Wool also visited a region of country in the vicin-
ity of Cincinnati, and with the permission of the
Senate, I will read an extract from General Wool's
report:
" Agreeably to the General in-Chief's instructions, I ex-
amined, in company with General Lawson, the country for
twelve miles in the rear of the city of Cincinnati, where I
observed several sites equally eligible, and in some in-
stances, as I thought, superior to the Blue Licks for a mili-
tary asylum; but the price appeared to me entirely too
high, and so far beyond the means at command of the
commissioners as not to justify a purchase within the range
and distance examined; the price per acre varying, accord-
ing to position, from $200 to $500."
The question I submit to the Senate is simply,
whether we shall put it in the power of these
commissioners, if they desire it, to purchase the
springs, in order that our sick and dying soldiers
may enjoy the beneficence of this Government as
was intended?
Mr. MASON. I do not mean to say a word
about this military hospital. I dare say it ought
to be established. But I think we ought to have
some certainty in our information with regard to
the eligibility of the site, as well as to the price
demanded for it. That is a matter which the com-
missioners were to look into. If the commission-
ers do not recommend it to Congress as being
eligible and worth the sum demanded, I cannot
vote for the amendment.
Mr. DAWSON. I will say to the Senator from
Virginia, that the money to purchase this asylum
is not to be appropriated from the general fund of
the Government. It is a military fund, a fund that
has accumulated from the foundation of the Gov-
ernment, for the benefit of diseased soldiers. The
appropriation which we ask for now, and it is the
first appropriation of public money for the object,
is only §10,000. It has been asked, why have not
these commissioners made the purchase? They
have replied that they did not think they had the
means to do it. What the Blue Lick Springs
would cost, I cannot say. Ten thousand dollars,
I understood, when I presented the amendment,
with the sum already on hand, would be sufficient
to give the commissioners the discretion to pur-
chase them, if they saw fit. If you pass this
amendment, there is no obligation on that Bowd to
purchase the Blue Lick Springs. If they litfuse
to purchase, the money will lie in the Treasury
