1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
847
But it is asked why they did not do it? The only
reply I can make is, that they did not think they
had sufficient means. They said they ought to do
so, because the springs are exceedingly suitable as
a location. Now, we give them $10,000, and say,
" Gentlemen, if you think proper, under your
former instructions, to purchase the site, do so.
If the proprietor asks too much, do not give it;
and if, in your opinion, they can be bought for a
proper price, take the Springs." Ten thousand
dollars, which is aJl we ask, will be appropriated
by this Government for the purchase. Now, the
speech of the Senator from Tennessee brings the
subject before the sensibility of every Senator.
There are four hundred and odd acres of land
around these springs. It is for soldiers that seek
an asylum. They want a healthful spot; they
want the mineral waters, and above all that, being
old and decrepit and infirm, they can have an
opportunity of corking up the water in bottles,
and send it off for sale, and thus secure a valuable
income, which might amount to $5,000 per annum.
With the proceeds arising out of the water fur-
nished by nature herself, with little labor, which
would serve only to give them light employment,
and make their lives pass pleasantly, they would,
at the same time, secure something of profit to the
establishment. Why not do it? If you place them
in Georgetown, on worn-out lands, you give them
a salubrious climate, but they cannot till or culti-
vate the land. They would not be able to do it
for the want of physical ability. But if they were '
placed at the Springs, they could do something
themselves to aid the country in sustaining them.
I have looked into the subject, and I think if we
do not purchase the Springs, great injustice may
be done to this class of citizens.
Mr. BRIGHT. I am opposed to the amend-
ment, for the reason that I think it makes a par-
tial discrimination in favor of a point that has
already been condemned for the object contem-
plated. Under the provision adopted at the last ses-
sion, it would have been entirely within the range
of the duties assigned to the Board of officers to
have reported in favor of this site, and if they had
so reported, I apprehend that Congress would have
ratified the report, by an appropriation sufficient
to make the purchase. Blue Lick Springs was
examined with several others in the western val-
ley; and as the honorable Senator from Tennes-
see places great confidence in the report made by
General Scott, not more, perhaps, than I do my-
self upon a subject of this kind, I will read what
he says:
" The report and vote of the undersigned were founded '
on these considerations: 1. That the locality was not < eli- !
gible' in the sense of a 1 preferable' site. 2. That although
the site was quite healthy, and surrounded by abundant
mean® of subsistence, at reasonable rates, it was not, com-
paratively, as accessible as was desired. 3. That it was
not clear that Congress, by the provision of law quoted
above, would pay for the property out of the Treasury of
the United States, should the Board contract for its pur-
chase ; and 4. Because the Board decided, at the same meet-
ing, that it was not assured of the sufficiency of its own
means to proceed with the establishment of a western asy-
lum."
But the first two points made by the General in
his report, I think quite conclusive, and prove
that the locality is not " eligible," and that it is
not easy of access—certainly two very important
goints in making a purchase for a site of this kind,
ut it is manifest that General Scott himself did
not consider Blue Lick Springs as an eligible site,
for the reason that, after having made a thorough
examination of it, he extended his examination
beyond that. He visited other points in Ken-
tucky, and even honored my own State with a
visit, and left the population of the city in which
I now reside under the impression that that was
the very point, and none other, that would answer
for the military asylum. The city of Madison
will be greatly disappointed, grievously disap-
Eointed, when they read his report, and find that
ladison is not even noticed in it by that distin-
guished general. I speak what I know when I
say that he left them under the impression, that |
above all other sites examined in the Mississippi ;
valley, that was the most desirable and best
adapted to this service; and I regret, deeply re- 1
gret, in common with my constituency, that he
has not noticed us in his official report. I say
this, however, not in any spirit of complaint, for
I feel sure that he did not intentionally overlook ;
Indiana. I have referred to this fact because I |
have been charged with neglecting my duty in li
not urging Madison (not Madisonvillt, as palled (
by General Lawson, in his report) as the very.!
site the Government ought and would purchase, I
if a proper effort was made by the Indiana dele-
gation. My wish is to have that point, combining
the greatest advantages, selected as the abode of
this meritorious class of our citizens; every con-
sideration prompts this feeling, and no sectional
view of this subject governs me.
I do not wish to be understood as saying any-
thing against the Blue Lick Springs as the proper \
point, from any personal knowledge 1 possess. I
know but little about it. The knowledge I have
is derived mainly from the report before us. That
report proves that the Board which was organized
under the law of last session do not believe the
public interest would be promoted by making this
purchase, and that is enough to determine me
against the amendment. I think it would be illib-
eral and unfair in Congress to designate any par-
ticular point. It should be left open to competi-
tion; and as the Board which we have already
created cannot agree, let the matter rest; at any
rate, if we legislate further, let it be upon general
principles. Give the authority to another Board
to select a suitable site, and report to us, and not
make an appropriation for a point already con-
demned and rejected.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I hope it will not be
considered as obtrusive on my part, considering
the quarter of the country whence I come, if I
interfere with a few words upon a matter pertain-
ing more properly to the Committee on Military
Affairs. It is not my wish to interfere with a
matter that does not properly belong to me. I de-
sire though to make a brief answer to the Senator
from Indiana, who seems to place his objection
to the proposition, respecting the purchase of the
Blue Lick Springs, upon General Scott's statement
respecting the eligibility of the position and acces-
sibility in reaching it. Now, I wish to inform the
Senate that a railroad is being constructed from
Maysville to Lexington, which passes just in the
neighborhood of these springs. So far as acces-
sibility is concerned that railroad gives every fa-
cility for reaching the Springs from the Ohio river
at Maysville. A road already extends from Lex-
ington down to Louisville; and our railroad con-
nection from Lexington to Danville, in the interior
of the State, will give a direct communication to
the Blue Lick Springs. It has been found very
accessible as a watering place, from every part of
that country; and when you look at the progress
of the improvements which are going on, there
can be no objection on the ground of a want of
accessibility. j
As to the eligibility of the site itself, I have !
been there so frequently, that it seems to me I can j
place that question beyond all controversy by a ]'
word or two of description. I admit that the
buildings and the springs are not greatly elevated ; j
above the Licking river. It is rather in the bot- ,
torn lands of the stream. But just in the neigh- j;
borhood, there are elevated grounds ascending !
directly from the spring, and the improvements
which are going on. There can be no objection,
I think, on the score of eligibility. Sir, according
to the report of General Lawson, it presents a
very desirable consideration in point of health.
The place could not have been patronized as it has
been, as a great watering place in Kentucky, but |
for its healthful position. The mere fact, then,
that it is under the hills, when it is so close by j
the hills that you can easily roam over them, can- 1
not constitute any very considerable objection.
Besides, there are grounds enough under the hills .
to constitute a very considerable farm; and if the '
old soldiers can cultivate any lands at all, they
will have an opportunity of doing it at that place;
and if they cannot cultivate the soil, they can bot- j
tie up the water, as it has been done heretofore,
and send it all over the country; and it will con- :
stitute a considerable source of revenue to them,
as it now does to the proprietor. 1
Mr. President, the associations connected with i
the place are to me, as they would be to an old
soldier, an object of some value. It is the ground
of a battle with the aborigines that roamed the
western wilds, which took place in the early set-
tlement of Kentucky, and upon which occasion
Todd and Trigg, and a great many more of the
settlers of Kentucky, lost their lives. On that ac-
count I would like to see the old soldiers placed ij
upon that battle ground. j!
With regard to the commendations that Gen-
eral Scott made in behalf of Madison, I think upon
this occasion it was unnecessary to have brought
them forth. My friend from Indiana ought to
have recollected the peculiar position of affairs at
that particular time, and it was not worth while to
go into by-gones of that sort.
Mr. BRIGHT. If the Senator will allow me,
I will state that I only spoke of that in connection
with the fact that I had been charged with neglect
of duty in not urging upon the War Department
the advantages which Madison presents as a prop-
er site for the location of the asylum. I presented
that as a justification.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I will further remark
upon this subject, that I believe General Scott has
not stated in the report the advantages which
Madison possesses, and therefore it is a matter
dependent entirely upon the communications which
the people of Madison may have made to the rep-
resentatives from that State; and when things of
the kind are collected from everybody who may
have had this conference and that conference, and
collected this scrap and that scrap, and then com-
municated it to a representative of a State, there
must be some little allowance made, particularly
as the gentleman from Indiana says there was
some little self-interest connected with them.
Now, I do not understand the Senator from In-
diana as having derived this from General Scott
himself, but that it was collected in the manner
that I have stated; and when that fact is consid-
ered, you must make many allowances.
Mr. BRIGHT. I  nly spoke of the impression
that General Scott created upon my constituency
before the election.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I regret that the subject
was introduced. I think it "irrelevant. It has
nothing to do with the case; but having been in-
troduced, I say it ought to be received with many
grains of allowance, because it does not proceed
from conversations which the Senator has had
with General Scott, butbecausehe collects it from
those who have a direct interest in representing
General Scott as having recommended that point
in preference to alt others.
One other point, and I am done. The State
that I represent has had very little of the public
money expended within its borders; it lias had
few public establishments of any kind. We are
an interior people, and we do not claim much; but
if a little crumb of that sort falls within the bor-
ders of our State, I hope and trust you will not
begrudge it to us, but let iis have it.
Mr. CHASE. It so happens that the State of
Ohio has a special interest in this matter, and I
trust I shall be pardoned, therefore, for asking the
attention of the Senate to a brief statement.
When the Military Asylum Board was con-
stituted, it proceeded to the examination of several
sites. They selected two, as has been stated, and
in July, 1851, they passed the order, which I will
read:
" Ordered, That a third branch-asylum be established in
the neighborhood of Cincinnati, Ohio,«o soon as the Board
shall be satisfied of the sufficiency of its funds."
That order remains to this day unrescinded by
the Board, and is embodied in the report of General
Scott which has been referred to in this discussion.
At the last session of Congress the Board was
directed to make an examination of the Blue Lick
Springs, and if thatsituation was found eligible for
the purpose, and could be secured with a proper
quantity of land, including buildings, at a rea-
sonable price, to effect the purchase. Under the
authority of this law they directed their examin-
ation to this particular point, instead of making a
general examination. The Board made a report,
which is now brought to the attention of the Sen-
ate, and we find that instead of two of the Board
concurring in recommending the purchase of these
Springs, two expressed opinions ag-ainst the pur-
chase, and one only recommended it. The Sen-
ator from Indiana has read the opinion of General
Scott:
" 1. That the locality was not £ eligible ' in the sense of
a £ preferable' site. '3. Ti*at although the site was qnite
healthy, and surrounded by abundant means of sub-^tcncp,
at reasonable rates, it was not, comparatively, as accessible
as was desired."
Such is the opinion of General S<*ott. The opin-
ion of General Wool was, that this position was
an eligible one, but that the price demanded for it
was not reasonable. He further says:
