848
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 25.
" Agreeably to the General-in-Chief's instructions, I ex-
amined, in company with General Lawson, the country tor
twelve miles in the rear ot Cincinnati, where I observed
several sites equally eligible, and in some instances, as I
thought, superior to tlie Blue Licks for a military asylum.
But the price appeared to me entirely too high,'' Sic.
General Wool says he found sites in the vicin-
ity where the Board originally determined the
asylum should be erected, superior to the Blue
Licks, and objectionable only on the score of price.
Then, in the opinion of two members of the Board,
there are more eligible positions, and the only ob-
jection which applies to the site which was ori-
ginally selected and ordered to be purchased as
soon as there was a sufficiency of funds, was that
the price was too high. That is the objection
which lies against the Blue Lick site. It seems to
me I need say no more. This matter has been
committed to a Board of officers entirely compe-
tent to make the selection. I propose to leave it
there. I object to any legislation intended to con-
trol their discretion. Aside from these considera-
tions, ( will say that itseems to me the very worst
policy to buy a watering-place with buildings erect-
ed for ordinary uses of a watering-place, for a mili-
tary asylum. The worst possible policy, I mean,
in point of economy. I know, and everybody
knows, who is acquainted with the lands on the
Ohio river—I have some experience in this mat-
ter, and very recent experience, too—that you can
buy hundreds of acres within a mile of the river
for one, two, or three dollars an acre. A sale has
been recently made within sight of the river, of
several thousand acres, at that rate. I would have
the land bought where land can be bought cheapest,
in a desirable and accessible position, and I would
have the various proposed sites examined. The
Board should not be confined, by any implication,
to a single site. The error—the first, the greatest
error in respect to the whole matter—was the di-
rection of the act of 1852, requiring the examin- j
ation of a particular site. The Senate would now
commit a greater error by requiring the selection !
of that site. [ prefer to leave the door open for
the Board to examine and decide upon the proper j
site for themselves. !
Mr. BORLAND. I was opposed to this prop- !
osition before the committee, and desire to say a '
word as to the reason of my opposition. The
difficulty in this case about the Blue Lick Springs,
and a military asylum, originated when this spe- i
cial legislation began in regard to it. There would
have been no difficulty if we had left the act alone j
which we passed, raising this Board, and making '
it their duty to examine the country and select a
site for the military asylum They went on un-
der the general authority which they had, and !
made selections of two places, located the asylum,
and have expended the money necessary to their
establishment so far. But, sir, this did not satis-
fy the views and interests of certain property
owners in Kentucky A gentleman there—I have
nothing to say against him for respectability; J
apprehend he is an eminently respectable gentle- j
man; I have understood so—had conceived some jj
few years ago the project of establishing a great ,■
watering-place in Kentucky, atBlue Lick Springs, i;
and he had gone to work and expended a great
deal of money in the improvement of the springs, |i
and made a large establishment and a fashionable
watering-place, and, like a great many others who
enter into speculations of that sort, made an es-
tablishment, the patronage of which lias not paid
any profit upon his investment. In other words,
his speculation has failed. Finding himself in
this condition, with a large amount of property
on his handsthatdid not pay—I do notknoiv how
far he is embarrassed—he conceived the idea of
coming to Congress and getting them to take it
off his hands at a large price to save his place.
That is the oriein of this whole matter.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Upon what data does
the gentleman make his statement? I am not ap-
prised of that being the fact.
Mr. BORLAND. The data are these: That
this state of things actually existed in Kentucky
is notorious, and this gentleman got his project
brought forward to select, by express legislation,
the Blue Lick Springs for the military asylum.
That is the around. What other inference am I
to draw? This gentleman had gone on to im-
prove property with a view, no doubt, of making
It profitable—certainly, for nothing else—and then,
through friends, the measure was brought before
Congress, and special legislation was adopted in
j order to enable him to sell that property to the
! Government. I apprehend there is no question
about these facts.
, Well, sir, the effort was successful to a certain
extent. Not willing to let the selection for a site
for an asylum in Kentucky rest upon the same
ground that we did all the rest, when we gave a
general authority to examine the whole country,
we fixed upon Blue Lick Springs, and made it the
special duty of the Board to go and examine it.
The Board did examine it. What is the result? |
; The point examined, not like those which the j
Commissioners had discretion about, was not left |
at the price for which they had money to pay for i
it; but the very moment the act was passed, se-
lecting that above all others, the proprietor put
; his property up at a price which exceeded the
means of the Board to purchase. And such would
have been the case if we had designated by a spe-
cial act any other point. The proprietor, know-
! ing that, by the act of Congress, that was to be
the point selected, would put his own price upon
it. But it does not stop there. This Board, for
reasons set forth, not in a regular report, but in
several opinions expressed by the members, re-
fuse to select. The Senator from Tennessee [Mr.
Jones] says General Scott wrote an equivocal let-
ter. I do not know what the Senator considers an
equivocal letter. He did not read, I think, what
General Scott said, but the Senator from Indiana
did, and I consider that very unequivocal. And he
expressly tells you that he did not select it because
he did not think it eligible; he thought other sites
were more so. In the next place, the proprietor
asked more money than ought to be paid for it.
General Wool tells you—and on his opinion a
great deal of reliance should be placed—that he ]
found other places which he preferred, as being
more eligible. Doctor Lawson, it seems, ap-
proved of it. Then out of the three members of
the Commission, twodecide against it, and one of
them is the General-in-Chief of the Army of the
United States. And yet, in the face of that, the
; proposition is now made that we, without know-
| ing anything about it ourselves, take it upon us
to decide that the Blue Licks is the place. The
I resolution made it the duty of the Board to ex-
amine the Blue Licks', and they did examine, but
did not purchase. Now, I ask how, upon such
grounds, we can adopt the amendment as to the
military asylum, and say that the Blue Licks is
the place for it? What would be the basis of the
action of the Senate ? Only one out of the three
Commissioners approved of the selection of that
site. The others gave the best of reasons why it
should not be selected: that there are other places
more eligible, and which can be bought cheaper.
( We have heard a great deal about the good quali-
I ties of the Blue Lick water. I do not know by
actual experiment whether it is good or not. It
has been considered so in certain diseases. But
are we to take all invalid soldiers, no matter what
may be their complaint, and compel them to use
j this water as a remedy, whether adapted to then-
cases or not? Shall they be forced to drink Blue
Lick water, whether their diseases require it or
not?
Mr. UNDERWOOD. There is plenty of fresh
waler there which they can drink.
Mr. BORLAND. I apprehend that the dis-
eases under which they labor will generally re-
quire no Blue Lick water at all. Most of them
being feeble, broken down with diseases and
wounds, I apprehend that this water is about the
last thing they would want. That is so, if I am
correctly informed as to its effect upon the human
system. They need tonics, sir, rather than such
a remedy as the Blue Lick water. For these gen-
eral reasons 1 cannot consent to the adoption of
the amendment.
Mr. .TONES, of Tennessee. I will detain the
Senate but a few moments, but I hope they will
bear with me, for it will be remembered by the
Senate that I have occupied as little time in speak-
ing as any Senator on the floor; I have exposed
myself to the same imputation to which the Sen-
ator from Indiana says he has exposed himself at
home, from my constituents, by not speaking. I
desire to correct a few misapprehensions, and I
have done.
The Senator from Arkansas says that I stated
that General Scott's letter is equivocal, and he does
not think so. Now General Scott, in his report,
says, "that the locality was not 'eligible'in the |j
sense of a ' preferable' site." I ask the honora-
ble Senator if that is not equivocal? But again he
labors under this great misapprehension: he seems
to think that the owners of the Blue Lick Springs
have got into an unfortunate speculation,and come
here for relief. Even if that were true, it is no ob-
jection to the proposition. The question submit-
ted to us is, whether it is our interest and duty,
as the representatives of this Government, in this
department, at least, to make the purchase or not;
and as to whether the owners of the Blue Lick
Springs have made an unfortunate speculation or
not, it has nothing to do with the question. But
I take it for granted that my friend from Arkansas
does not speak from the record. If it has been an
unfortunate speculation, we have no evidence of
the fact.
Mr. BORLAND. It was an inference of mine,
because when an individual has invested his
money in an enterprise of that sort, it is not natu-
ral to suppose that if his expectations are realized
and his enterprise successful, he would be seeking
to get it off his hands.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If I thought it
at all necessary or instructive to the Senate, I
could give all the facts, from personal knowledge,
of the motives which induce the proprietors to
wish to sell—not such as the Senator supposes.
But here is a very important fact. My friend
from Arkansas supposes that the owners of the
Springs have come here for the purpose of getting
out of a bad speculation. Do you not remember
that the Legislature of Kentucky memorialized
Congress upon this very subject, and that is the
way in which the question comes here? I believe
it was a unanimous memorial from the Legislature
of Kentucky, asking that Congress would select
that as the site for the western asylum. That is
the way it came here—by the high authority and
sanction of the State of Kentucky.
But my friend says he does not know that this
is a very desirable location for sick soldiers. I
certainly will not have the vanity to set up my
judgment in opposition to his on such a question.
But I beg leave to state a fact as notorious in my
region of country as any fact known there, viz:
that those waters are considered eminently and
preeminently adapted to that very class of dis-
eases under which a large portion of our soldiers
who were in Mexico are laboring; and hundreds
and thousands of persons laboring under mala-
dies of that kind go to those springs as a last
resort. The fact is notorious.
But my friend from Ohio, as well as my friend
from Arkansas, seems to come to the conclusion,
that a majority of the Board which inspected the
Springs, reported against the site. The fact is just
the other way. Two out of the three reported in
favor of it, and two out of the three were anxious
to make the purchase. Let us see. General Wool
" In consideration of these advantages, of climate, build-
ings, and surrounding country, affording an abundance of
cheap supplies, together with the revenue which might he
derived from the sale of the Blue Lick water, which was
represented to have amounted hitherto to about £5,00U per
annum, clear profit, I came to the conclusion that it was
ail' eligible ' position for a western military asyiuin."
Let us see what General Lawson says:
" One great inducement for the selection of the Blue Licks
is the fact that the asylum establishment can be immedi-
ately put into operation. Many of the soldiers of the Mex-
ican and other wars, now residing in the western country,
and who are entitled to the benefits of this institution, will
not come to Washington city, 1101 go to New Orleans, while
they would, perhaps, very readily take up their residence in
an asvlum located within their own climate and section of
country. To buy a naked piece of land '' 
That is the suggestion of the Senator from Ohio:
" To buy a naked piece of land, near the Ohio river or
elsewhere, and go through the process of erecting exlensive
permanent buildings, involving a period of two years arid
more in their construction, would be virtually to proscribe
from the benefits of the institution many of those men whom
Congress had specially in view when the law was passed,
authorizing the establishment of a military asylum. Many
of the men embraced within the provisions of the law are
now, perhaps, on the verge of the grave, and should they
not, within two or three years, enjoy the comforts of the sol-
diers' retreat, they will not require tile benefits of the insti-
tution afterwards."
That is the ground upon which he goes.
" Inasmuch, then, as the framers of the law authorizing
the establishment of one or more branches of a military
asylum, manifestly intended that the benefits of the institu-
tion should be extended as early as practicable, and as^
widely as possible, to all coming within the provisions ot
the act, 1 have no hesitation in expressing the opinion that
the Blue Lick Springs, or some such like place immediately
