THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
32d Congress, 3d Sessioh.
FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1853.
New Series....No. 54.
available to us, should be purchased for the location of the
western asylum."
Then we have the testimony of two of the Board
in favor of the location and purchase, and I can
tell my honorable friend why it was not made.
There were six membera of that Board, three of
whom saw the Springs; the others never did, and
they were the men that defeated the purchase.
The simple question is, whether we take it out of
the hands of the Board or not? We do not; we
take no power out of their hands. We simply in-
crease their power, and give them ability to pur-
chase it if they think proper to do so, and accord
to the soldiers the benefits which the law intended
they should enjoy. It is taking from them noth-
ing; it is requiring them to do nothing. It is sim-
ply giving them the ability to purchase the site if
they think proper, and then it has to pass the su-
pervision of the President of the United States; and
surely my friends ought to be willing to trust that
Board and that President to determine this ques-
tion. Let us give them the means to do it, if they
think it right and proper.
Mr. BORLAND. I do not wish to be misun-
derstood . I did not say that the Blue Lick Springs
was not an eligible situation, and the most eligible
for the military asylum. I did say, however, riiat
we had no evidence before us to satisfy the Sen-
ate, at least to satisfy me. I did not charge that
this gentleman had made this speculation, and was
seeking to get a bad bargain on his hands. I drew
that as an inference from the facts that I did know;
- and I do not see that any other can be drawn. I
did not say that the Bhie Lick water was not a
good remedy for many diseases under which the
soldiers are laboring', rat I did say that, in my
- opinion—and I apprehend that but few members
of the medical profession would differ from me—
it was not applicable to every disease, or to a
majority of diseases; and then, even if it were, we
teow it is scattered all over the country, and can
be bought anywhere, in the drug-stores, tike any
other medicine for a sick man. I have never been
in any considerable town where I could not get it.
I did not say it was no remedy; but I said it did
not seem to be a proper proceeding to prescribe it
for everybody and everything. It would not be
mvery enlightened mode of practicing medicine.
Mr. WELLER called for the yeas and nays on
the amendment; and they were ordered.
Mr. BELL. I will not make a speech, because
I think we must sit out this bill to-night. I ap-
peal to my honorable friends on the other side,
that they all know we want a military asylum in
the West, and we are likely to have none, because
we cannot agree among ourselves. We would
have had a national armory in the West but for
_ our own disagreement, and also a national found-
ery. The Atlantic States have always been will-
■ ing to give some of these public establishments to
us, but we never can agree among ourselves, on
account of our jealousy.
Several Senators. We will now.
Mr. BELL, l.pnly desire to make this appeal
to Senators. Although there might be some other
cite that could be got cheaper, and might suit the
views of other gentlemen, yet here we have an
opportunity to get one which certainly answers
all the purposes-, and shall we be defeated, and
have no asylum, because we cannot agree among
ourselves as to the proposed location of it?
Mr. BRIGHT. One remark in reply to the
Senator from Tennessee. I am quite as anxious
for an institution of this kind in the West as any
gentleman on this floor; but, as I remarked when
up before, I do not believe it is right to designate
the point, particularly a point that has already
• been condemned by our own Board. There is a
system of favoritism in it, which I will not tolerate
by my vote.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 25, nays 90; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Badger, Bell, Charlton, Clarke, Cooper,
Davis, Dawson, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Fitz-
patrick, Foot, Gwin, James, Jones of Tennessee, Miller,
Morton, Pearce, Pratt, Rusk, Stbastian, Seward, Smith,
Spruance, Underwood, and Weller—25.
NAYS—Messrs. Borland, Bradbury, Bright, Brodhead,
54
Cass, Chase, De Saussure, Douglas, Downs, Felch, Ham-
lin, Hunter, Mallory, Mason, Norris, Pettit, Soulu, Sumner,
Wade, and Walker—20.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN. I have three amendments
which I am directed to offer by the Committee on
Commerce. I will explain in a word what they
are. The Army officers attached to the Topo-
graphical Corps, who are engaged in constructing
harbor and lake improvements, are not estimated
for from the War Department .proper. Conse-
quently, if we have no river ana harbor bill, as I
presume we will not have, there will be no appro-
priation for their payment. I have a letter from
the Secretary of War on the subject. I am in-
structed, therefore, by the Committee on Com-
merce, to offer the amendments, to come in at the
end of the first section. The first is as follows:
" For preservation of public property and contingencies
on the western river improvements, and for commutation of
transportation of the baggage, and of quarters and fuel of
officers, payment of which is no longer made by the Quar-
termaster's Department, and for allowance to meet the ex-
tra expenses, under the special direction of the Secretary of
War, $10,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN. The next is:
"For repairs and preservation of public property and
contingencies on lake harbors, and for commutation of
transportation of baggage, and of quarters and fuei of offi-
cers, the payment ofwhich is no longer made by the Quar-
termaster's Department, and for allowance to meet extra
expenses, under the special direction of the Secretary of
War, §90,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN. The last is:
" For repairs and preservation of contingencies of river
and harbor improvements on the Atlantic and Gulf coasts
in charge of the Engineer Department, and to meet charges
for transportation of the officers, and for fuel and quarters,
the payment of which is no longer made by the Quartermas-
ter's Department, and for allowances to meet extra ex-
penses under the special direction ofthe Secretary of War,
$15,000."
Mr. HUNTER. I am willing to vote for that
in relation to the officers if the Senate will not put
rivers and harbors on the Army bill.
Mr. HAMLIN. It applies to those works that
: are in possession of the Engineer Department. If
| there is a boat there it is in charge of the Govern-
I ment officers, and they have to keep it in repairs.
This is to pay the officers who have the charge of
them. That is what I understand by it.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was then reported to the Senate as
amended.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
will now be on concurring in the amendments
made as in Committee of the Whole. Unless Sena-
tors desire to except some of then, the question
will be taken on all together.
Mr. WELLER. I desire a separate vote on
the amendment in relation to the superintendency
of the armories.
Mr. RUSK. I desire a separate vote on the
one in relation to the military posts.
Mr. CHASE. I desire a separate vote on the
one in regard to the purchase of the Blue Lick
Springs.
'The question was taken on all the amendments
which were not excepted, and they were concurred
in.
The question then recurred on the amendment
to strike out the clause in the bill repealing the ex-
isting law in reference to the superintendency of
the national armories.
Mr. WELLER and Mr. SUMNER called for
the yeas and nays; and they were ordered.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. Believing the military
superintendency to t>e contrary to the spirit and
genius of our institutions, I shall vote against it
and in favor of the civil.
Mr. BUTLER. Believing that the military su-
perintendency is the only true system, I shall vote
to adhere to the amendment.
Mr. WELLER. I shall vote to put the arm-
ories undercivilians, and am perfectly satisfied that
the military law is a despotism, necessarily so,
and ought never to be introduced in any form, un-
less it be absolutely necessary.
Mr. PEARCE. I believe that the regulations
are the same under both systems; the difference
being that they are enforced under one system and
not under the other. In one case, the men work
four or six hours, in the other they work full
time.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 22, nays 25; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Badger, Bell, Borland, Butler, Charl-
ton, Clarke, Dawson, De Saussure, Fitzpatrick, Foot,
Hamlin, Jones of Tennessee, Mallory, Miller, Morton,
Pearce, Pratt, Sebastian, Shields, Smith, Underwood, and
Walker—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Bright, Brodhead, Cass, Chase,
Davis, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Douglas,
Downs, Felch, Houston, Hunter, James, Jones of Iowa,
Mason, Norris, Pettit, Rusk, Seward, Souk, Spruance,
Sumner, Wade, and Weller—25.
So the amendment was not concurred in.
Mr. HOUSTON. I give notice that I shall,
to-morow, at one o'clock, call up the joint resolu-
tion introduced by the Senator from Michigan, in
relation to Cuba and colonization on the North
American continent.
The next question was on concurring in the
amendment in relation to the establishment of mil-
itary posts to California and Oregon.
Mr. BRIGHT called for the yeas and nays
upon it; and they were ordered.
Mr. SEWARD. As the yeas and nays were
taken in Committee of the Whole on the amend-
ment, and I voted against it, and as they are to be
taken again, and I am going to vote in favor of
it, I desire, if the Senate will indulge me, to state
the reason why. The reason is, that I have recon-
sidered it, and changed my mind.
Mr. WELLER. That is a capital reason.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 25, nays 23; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Borland, Bradbury, Bright, Brodhead,
Cass, Chase, Clarke, De Saussure, Dodge of Wisconsin,
Dodge of Iowa, Douglas, Downs, Felch, Gwin, Hamlin,
James, Jones of Iowa, Mallory, Sebastian, Seward, Shields,
Soul£, Sumner, Wade, and Weller—25.
NAYS—Messrs. Badger, Bayard, Bell, Butler, Charlton,
Davis, Dawson, Fitzpatrick,Foot, Houston, Hunter, Jones
of Tennessee, Mason, Miller, Morton, Norris, Pearce,
Pettit, Pratt, Rusk, Smith, Spruance, and Underwood—
23.
So the amendment was concurred in.
The last amendment made as in Committee of
the Whole, was the following:
And be it further enacted, That for the purpose of en-
ablingthe Commissioners ofthe Military Asylum to purchase
Blue Lick Springs, with the view of establishing thereat a
Western Military Asylum, as authorized by the 18th sec-
tion of the Army appropriation act, approved August 31,
1852, the sumof $10,000 in addition to the sum in the hands
of the Commissioners, is hereby appropriated, ont of anf
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. CHASE. I move to strike out the words
" Blue Lick Springs," and insert in lieu thereof
the words " a suitable site;" so that the selection
may be left to the discretion of the Board, while
we appropriate the additional sum.
Mr. HUNTER. I am very reluctant to say
anything at this state of the question, but I- must
oppose that on account of the appropriation of the
money. We have no account of this branch of
the service at all. I do not know how much has
been expended. Before we expend more, we
should know that. It does not obviate my object
tion to strike out the place.
Mr. CHASE. I ask for the yeas and nays on
the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CHASE. I simply wish to say that this
puts the question directly to the Senate, whether
they are willing to give a preference to a particu-
lar establishment, and take it away from the Board
constituted by law—that Board voting against >it
also.
Mr. RUSK. I am in favor of that amendment
as it stands, because we have the testimony of
two general officers in its favor, Generals Lawson
and Wool, in whom I have the utmost confi-
dence.
Mr. CHASE. In reply to that, I have to say
that of these two officers, one did not regard this
as the proper site, and the other, though admitting
the site to be eligible, says other sites may be
