1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
851
I want to see if any one here can object to an
invesii^a'um.
Mr."WKLLER called for the yeas and nays;
and thev were ordered.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 really ran see no good
that is to grow out of the proposed amendment of
the Senator from Illinois. Had the provision re-
mained as the Senate determined, and as it came
from the House, there would have been an end to
the matter without further expense and trouble.
From the experience of years past in relation to
the civil, as well as the military administration of
the armories, the fact is pretty well ascertained
that the armories were in quite as prosperous a
condition under civil, as they have been under
military rule. 1 do not wish to disparage either;
but from the very nature of the work, and the
character of the mechanics and artisans who are
employed in it, it is clear that harmony never can
exist between a military ruler and civil employees.
One has ideas of discipline and obedience for man,
and the others have pride to prompt them. If
they are not constrained by military authority,
harmony may exist between the superintending
authority and the employees, because then it will
depend, not on the caprice of individuals, but on
th eir superior qualifications and industry; and ci-
vilians will judge more impartially of these things
than military gentlemen, accustomed to command,
can ever do. So long as military gentlemen re-
main in command of civilians, not subject to the
rules and regulations of war expressly, you will
never have harmony and never have a successful
operation of the business of the armories.
Mr. SHIELDS. The honorable Senator seems
to think that the armories are under military rule.
Thev are no such thing. They are under a reg-
ular system, it is true; but it is a peculiar thing,
that here are two institutions intended for the na-
tion, and the localities in which they exist want to
get possession of them. That is the whole strug-
gle.
Mr. HOUSTON. We all know the duties of
regular soldiers, and I like to see etiquette, dis-
cip.ine, subordination, and respect from them to
their officers. 1 like to see it in the employees of
the Government, and fidelity to theireneagements;
but I would ask the honorable chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs, if it is not true
that the civilians never approach the commandant
of the armory without saluting him as a regular
soldier would do? I understand that that is re-
quired of them, and it is looked upon by them as
an act of humiliation to which they do not wish to
submit. I am for subordination in the Army—I
am for courtesy in civil life. Men are willing to
accord it when it is not exacted as a duty. But if
you exact it of any citizens, mechanics, or other-
wise, they never will perform it with a good grace;
for all men who are free have pride. They may
do it with great deference if dependent upon their
own choice, but if you make it a duty and exact
it of them, they never will render willing and qui-
escent obedience.
Mr. BAYARD. The effect of the amendment
of the Senator from Massachusetts, as I under-
stand, is so far to modify the existing law as to
authorize the President, in his discretion, to resort
either to the Army or civil life for the purpose of
appointing these superintendents. I, for one, am
willing to trust him with that discretion. It seems
to me to be an administrative duty, and I should
not be afraid of its being abused. It seems to me
further, that it affords a wider scope for his selec-
tion, than if you confine him to one or the other—
either to military or civil life.
The amendment to the amendment, of which I
am also in favor, comes from the honorable Sena-
tor from Illinois, chairman of the Committee on
Military Affairs. It proposes to make an inquiry
into the fact, which of these two modes of super-
intendence is better for the general interests of the
country. Now, with great deference to the hon-
orable Senator from Texas, I must say that it
seems to me, that the facts are not pretty well as-
certained with reference to this point.
There is about nearly an equal division of opin-
ion in the Seriate in reference to the propriety of
the different systems, that opinion being founded
of course on experience, and the facts in connec-
tion with the two modes of superintendence.
Surely there can be nothing unreasonable in trust-
ing, in the interim, the President of the United
States to appoint either a civilian, or an officer of
the Army, and then going on to ascertain the facts !|
fairly, by a mixed commission of civilians and ^
military officers. That I understand to be the
proposition of the Senator from Illinois; and I
think, if the amendment be amended in that way
it will reach the true merits of the case. If it be
true that this attempt is nothing more than a po-
litical speculation, with the view to the advance-
ment of personal intrigues or the personal interests
of the local residents, in the places where the arm-
ories are situated, that commission will be able to
ascertain the facts. If, on the contrary.it be true,—
and it may be true—and I have some reason to
think that it may be,—that a military officer, in
dealing with that class of men who have to man-
ufacture our arms, introduces too rigid a system,
which the generality of American mechanics would
be unwilling to bear, which is different from their
habits and customs, the commission will also as-
certain that fact; and having the facts before us, we
can ultimately determine which is the proper sys-
tem of superintendence. I do not think the coun-
try will be in danger if, in the meantime, we leave
it to the discretion of the President to make a
choice.
Mr. HOUSTON. I think the amendment of
the gentleman from Illinois is defective in one par-
ticular, and I think when his attention is called to
it, he will perceive it himself. It does not state
what number of civilians shall be selected for the
purpose of investigating this subject, or what
number of Army officers. I think it would be ne-
cessary to insert something as to the number.
Mr. SHIELDS. I would state to my honor-
able friend from Texas, that that is left to the dis-
cretion of the Secretary of War. I take it for
granted that he will appoint an equal number of
civilians and of Army officers. Now, I put it to
him as a high-minded and honorable gentleman,
and a Senator, if it is not due to these two distin-
guished officers, against whose reputation some
charges have been made, that an investigation
should be had? We are acting, as everybody
knows, without sufficient information. Is it not
due to these officers to have some investigation ?
We sometimes do great injustice without intend-
ing it. I have not a word to say against those
gentlemen who are making an effort to change
the system. They have an interest in doing so.
They want to get the management of it. That is
a fair thing on their parts. But here are two offi-
cers, Colonel Huger and Colonel Ripley, as gal-
lant, as brave, and as honorable men as any in
the Army of the United States. Charges have
been made quietly against these men. This ac-
tion seems to give judgment against them. Is it
not just, is it not fair to them that we should have
this investigation even for that purpose?
Mr. HOUSTON. I will answer the gentleman
as he has presented his proposition. I think that ]
the gentlemen in command of the armories are all
that he represents them to be. The armories were
originally carried on under the direction of the
i Secretary of War, and they were headed by civil- ;
ians. They prospered in that condition. A change
was made. That change did not increase the
number of officers, but it called gentlemen from
their appropriate duties in the line of the Army,
thus devolving an undue amount of duty upon
those who remained at their stations. These gen-
tlemen now in command of these armories have
been selected for that purpose. It will not be an
inconvenience to them to return to their duty in
the line of the Army. It is no reflection upon
i them, because they only go back where they were
intended by law, and by their rank to remain. If
insinuations have been made, the action of the
■ Senate would not change public opinion in relation
to the matter, if that opinion is detrimental to the
officers. An investigation I think has already
taken place, and that has only been a source of
additional clamor to that which previously existed,
because it was a military investigation. Civilians
complained that they were not heard or treated
with courtesy on that occasion.
! The only way, in my opinion, is for the Senate
to settle this question as has been done by the
House of Representatives, where the immediate
Representatives of these districts of country were
upon the floor and were heard; where their views
were considered by their peers in the House.
, That House came to the conclusion that it was
I necessary to make this change, and to go back to
I the original plan of conducting these armories.
That is all the House has done, and I am willing
to sustain it in that.
Mr. BUTLER. I want to know whether gen-
tlemen are afraid to submit to an investigation of
the comparative merits of the civil and military
supenntendency ? Do they shrink from an inves-
tigation ?
Mr. HOUSTON. Not at all.
Mr. BUTLER. Sir, the military men who
have the superintendence of these armories have
no representatives upon this floor, as voters. The
armorers, or the workmen, are not the persons
who are complaining. Whence this complaint ?
Is it because Colonel IlugerorColonel Ripley have
been guilty of acts of oppression ? Let the investi-
gation be instituted whenever it will, and such a
charge will be refuted. It is not because the mil-
itary have exercised acts of oppression, but it is
that stock-jobbers want to come in and take the
public money, and because they have raised a
clamor in those local neighborhoods that military
dictation is inconsistent with the liberties of the
citizen. The gentleman from Texas says that the
two systems have been tried, and that the civil
superintendence has worked well. Now, I believe
there is not a sinele person who has investigated
the subject who is not bound to admit that the
military superintendence has operated best. The
arms have been manufactured better and cheaper,
the inspection has been more certain, and gentle--
men have not brought forward a single fact to
prove that the civil superintendence is the better
system. When gentlemen speak of military dicta-
tion and military arrogance, what do they mean?
It is but just to give the officers a hearing. " Doth
our law judge any man before it hear him and
know what he doethr" Are Huger and Ripley,
by this implication, by this vote, by this declam-
atory style of having justice measured out, to be
subject to the proscription of the Senate, indirectly,
without examination ? Sir, it is not just, it is not
wise, and we are yielding it when we do it to the
importunity of men at that door who have an in-
terest upon this floor as voters.
Mr. HOUSTON. I have talked neither of
military dictation or nomination, or anything of
the kind.
Mr. BUTLER. I did not say that you did. I
say that language has been used in reference to
the subject 
Mr. HOUSTON. Not by me.
Mr. BUTLER. I do not care who uses it—it
is not just.
Mr. HOUSTON. I wish these matters looked
at in their true light. I made no reflections, and I
want none made. 1 have not the pleasure to know-
Colonel Huger personally. I only know him from
character as a gallant gentleman and as a capable
1 officer. I know Colonel Ripley, and I know him
to be a gentleman of intelligence and respectability.
I imply no reflection on either of those gentlemen
when 1 vote for the proposition as it comes from
the House, giving the control of the armories to
civilians. I am willing to retain these officers in
the Army unscathed, in their appropriate spheres,
for whi'-n they were intended. I cannot think it
a compliment to detail any gentleman who belongs
to the United States Army,and wears its insignia
upon his shoulders, or bears its sword upon his
thish, to say that he shall go and overlook a
plantation or a parcel of hands or workmen either
North or South. I intend no reflection on the
gentlemen who command these armories when I
vote to change the system.
Let me tell the Senator from South Carolina
that importunity at these doors never influenced
me. I am warring against it. It has had too
much influence, and I want to separate it from the
legislation of Congress.
I will vote for the proposition as it comes to us
from the House, without intending to cast any
reflection upon the gentlemen commanding the
: armories. If I intended any I would avow it. As
I disclaim all such intention 1 make no reflection.
! I wish these gentlemen to be assigned to their
proper business in the Army. I do not see the
' necessity of this court of investigation. It will
cost the price of an armory before it is done with.
There are no charges against these gentlemen that
I have heard of. I have not heard the first charge
that either of them have been delinquent, or un-
just to the workmen. I go upon the principle ot
human nature, that let who will command the
li armory he must understand mankind; adapt him-
