1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
853
Mr. GORMAN. That is what I design.
The call for the previous question was sec-
onded, mul the main question was then ordered to
be out.
The question was then taken, and the letter of
Mr. Stanly was ordered to be laid on the table
and be printed.
On motion by Mr. BRENTON, by unanimous
consent, it was
Ordered, That leave he granted for the withdrawal from
the files ot the House of tlie papers m the ease of Samuel
Bremon. lor the purpose ot reference to one of the Execu-
tive Departments.
On motion by Mr. ALLISON, by unanimous
consent,
OrdercJ, That leave he granted for the withdrawal from
the tilef ot the Hotne of the papers in the ease of Franklin
Chase, for the purpose of reference to one of the Executive
Departments.
Jlr. CLARK. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House for leave to report, from the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads, a joint res-
olution of the following title, viz:
" Jointresolution for the relief of John T>. Colmesnil, of
Louisville, Kentucky."
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. I call for the con-
sideration of the regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The question first in order
is the consideration of a motion to suspend the
rules for the purpose of taking from the table " An
' act authorizing the adjustment and payment of
* the claims of William Hazard Wigg, deceased,
' for losses sustained by him during the war of the
♦ Revolution," submitted on yesterday. |
Mr. STANTON. On that motion I call for
the yeas and nays. The bill ought not to be taken
up for action now, as it involves very important
principles.
The question was put on the call for the yeas
and nays, and there were, on a division, ayes 26.
Mr. HART. I call for tellers on the yeas and
nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Jones of
Tennessee, and Hall were appointed.
The members then passed between the tellers,
who reported that there were ayes 30; so the yeas
and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken on the motion for
the suspension of the rules, and there were—yeas
93, nays 63; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Averett, David J. Bailey, Bibig-
baus, Bowie, Bowne, John H. Boyd, Brags. Briggs, Brooks,
Albert G. Brown. Burt, Busby, E. Carrington Cabell, Cald-
well, Thompson Campell, Caskie, Chastain, Clark, Clem-
ens, Clingman, Colcock, Daniel, Darby, John G. Davis,
Dawson, Dean, Disney, Dockery, Doty, Edgerton, Flor-
ence, Freeman, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Gaylord, Gentry,
Gil irion-. Gorman, Green, Gray, Hart, Henn, Houston,
Howard, Thomas Y. How, Jackson, Robert W.Johnson, ,
1. Glancy Jones, Kuhns, Kurtz, Letcher, Lockhart, Mason, j
Mc\air, McQueeu, Meade, Miller, Henry D. Moore, John
Moore, Morehead, Nabers, Orr, Peaslee, Penn, Porter,
Preston, Price, Richardson, Riddle, Robbins, Robinson,
Ross, Savage, Schermerhorq, Scujry, Origen S. Seymour,
Smith, Stanly, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton,
Abraham P. Stephens, Stone, St. Martin, Strolher, Stuart,
Taylor, Wallace, Walsh, Watkins, Wilcox, Williams, ,
Woodward, and Yates—93.
NAYS—Messrs. Charles Allen, Allison, Babcock, Bren-
ton, Burrows, Chandler, Chapman, Cleveland, Cobb, Con-
ger, George T. Davis, Diinmiek, Duncan, Durkee, East-
mail, Floyd, Gamble, Giddings, Gwdenow, Goodrich,
Grow, Hall, Hamilton, Harper, lshaff G. Harris, Haven,
Hebard, Horsford, John W. Howe, Thomas M. Howe,
Hunter, Ives, Jenkins. Andrew Johnson, John Johnson,
Daniel T. Jones, George W. Jones, George G. King, Pres-
ton King, Little, Mace, Mann, Millson, Molony, Murray,
Newton, Samuel W. Parker, Penniman, Perkins, Reed,
Robie, Sehoonmaker, Skelton, Benjamin Stanton, Alex-
ander H. Stephens, Stratton, Sutherland, Sweetser, Town-
shend, Washburn, Welch, Wells, and Wildrick—63.
So the rules were not suspended—two thirds
not voting in the affirmative.
Mr. HOUSTON. I intend to submit the mo-
tion that the rules be suspended and the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, but before doing so, I
will move that debate on the Navy appropriation
bill shall be closed in an hour and a half after it is
taken up for consideration in the committee.
Mr. CL1NGMAN. Has that bill yet been
taken un bv the committee?
Mr. HOUSTON. It has not.
Mr. CLINGMAN. The gentleman's motion
is not in order then, without unanimous consent,
and I obicci.
The SPEAKER. According to the decision of
the House, the motion is not in order if the Chair
be properly informed as to what the committee
has done. The Chair knows nothing officially of
what occurred in the Committee of the Whole,
and would say that, as an original proposition, it :|
is in order.
Mr. GORMAN. This is Friday, and being
the last day on which we can consider private
business, I move that the rules be suspended and
the House resolve itself into a Committee of the
Whole on the Private Calendar.
Mr. HOUSTON. The naval appropriation
bill will not consume two hours in its considera- 1
tion, and,after it has been acted on, we can devote
the remainder of the day to the private bills.
Mr. GORMAN. There are but few bills on
the Private Calendar, and this is the last day of
the session on which we can consider them. j!
Mr. EDGERTON. I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Mace and 1
Avf.rett were appointed.
The question was taken, and the motion was
disagreed to; the tellers having reported,—ayes 43,
noes not counted.
Mr. WILDRICK, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported as correctly enrolled bills
of the following titles; which thereupon received ,
the signature of the Speaker:
S. No. 242. An act to regulate the terms of the
district court of the United States for the district
of Iowa. '
S. No. 125. An act for the relief of Mary W.
Thompson, and Mrs. Elizabeth V. Lomax, and
Mrs. A.M. Dade.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move that the rules be
suspended and the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union. I
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union, i
(Mr. King, of New York, in the chair.)
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move to take up House i
bill No. 342, making appropriations for the naval '
service for the year ending the 30th of June, 1854.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON. I now move, by the unani-
mous consent, that the first reading of the bill be
dispensed with, and that it be read a second time
for amendment.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, obtained the
' floor, but yielded to
Mr. STUART. I submit to the committee that
it is very important some time should be fixed for ,
the termination of debate on this bill. There are '
other appropriation bills yet to be acted on, but I j
do not desire to name the time. I will only ask j
that the committee will rise, ahd that a time shall
be fixed when debate shall close. I trust that the i
gentleman will yield for that motion. j
Mr. STANTON. I have no objection, pro-
vided I shall have an opportunity to make my re- j
Mr. STUART. I then move that thecommit-
1 tee do now rise.
Mr. BOWIE. I hope three hours will be
allowed.
Mr. STUART. I shall vote for a reasonable
, time. I only desire the time shall be fixed. ,
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose, and the Speak-
i er having resumed the chair, the chairman (Mr.
King, of New York) reported that the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union had had 1
the state of the Union generally under consider- ]
i ation and particularly House bill No. 342, making
appropriations for the naval service, and had come
to no resolution thereon.
Mr. STUART. I made the motion that the
committee rise for the purpose of offering the usual
resolution for closing the debate. I am willing to
consult, so far as I am concerned, the wishes of
t" the House as to the time. I would suggest, how-
ever, two hours. 1
[Cries of " One hour!" " One hour!"]
1 understand there is another member of the
committee who desires to speak upon the subject.
Mr. STANTON. I know«of none.
Mr. FLORENCE. I move to make it three
hours. I hope that, in consideration of the import-
ant measures involved in the bill, this time at
least will be allowed for debate.
Mr. STUART. 1 demand the previous ques-
tion upon my motion, that we may come to a vote.
Mr. CABELL, of Florida. The Speaker not
having recognized me previous to the demand for
the previous question, 1 cannot introduce the
amendment which I desired to offer.
The SPEAKER. There is an amendment al-
ready pending.
Mr. CABELL. There are several members of
the committee who desire to speak upon this bill,
and I am satisfied that two hours will not enable
them to do it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Florence] proposes to make the
time for closing debate three hours, instead of two.
Mr. STUART. I accept that modification if
the House will agree to it.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am desirous that the House
should have an opportunity of deciding whether
it shall be two hours or three hours.
Mr. STUART. I withdraw the demand for the
previous question.
Mr. HOUSTON. I understand that the reso-
lution as now modified reads three hours. 1 pro-
pose to strike out " three,"and insert " two;" and
upon that motion I call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. Houston, to strike out " three," and insert
" two," and it was decided in the affirmative.
The question was then taken on the resolution
as amended, and it was adopted.
Mr. STUART moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was agreed to, and to lay the
motion to reconsider upon the table; which fatter
motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON. I now move that the House
resplve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
i The question was taken, and it was decided in
' the affirmative.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of theUnion,
(Mr. King, of New York, in the chair,) and re-
sumed the consideration of bill No. 342, making
appropriations for the naval service.
1 IMPROVEMENTS IN THE NAVY.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I propose an
amendment to this clause of the bill:
" For pay of commission, warrant, and petty officers,
and seamen, including the Engineer Corps of the Navy, .
$2,771,448."'
It is to strike out the latter part of the clause
commencing with the words " two million," and
insert the following, viz:
Three million one hundred and twenty-six thousand nine
hundred and forty-eight dollars: Provided, The ninnlici of
seamen, ordinary seamen, landsmen, and boys hereatter to
be employed, may be increased to nine thousand, and the
Secretary of the Navy is authorized to pay them at his dis-
cretion, in the form of bounties, ten per cent, in addition
to their present rate of pay.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I propose an
amendment to this clause of the bill:
" For pay of commission, warrant, and petty officers,
and seamen, including the engineer corps of the Navy,
two million seven hundred ami seventy one thousand four
hundred and forty-eight dollars."
It is to strike out the latter part of the clause,
commencing with the words " two million," and
insert the following:
Three million one hundred and twenty-six thousand
nine hundred and forty-eight dollars: ProeMci, The number
of seamen, ordinary seamen, landsmen, and boys, hereafter
to be employed may be increased to nine thousand ; and the
Secretary of the Navy is authorized to pay them at his dis-
cretion, in the form of bounties, ten per cent, in addition
to their present rate of pay.
Before explaining this particular measure, I
must ask attention to another which I consider of
much greater importance. It is well known, Mr.
| Chairman, that for something like twelve months
the committees have had no opportunity of re-
porting anything to the House, though doubtless
: all of them, including that over which I have
the honor to preside, have had many important
I measures prepared for presentation and action,
j I see no alternative but to bring forward such of
them as are of most importance, and which have
been matured by the Naval Committee, as amend-
! ments to the bill now under consideration. My
ambition is to do nothing more than make a plain
and simple statement of what I propose to append
! to this bill, with such explanations and such rea-
i sons for adopting the propositions as I may be
