836
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 25,
whole number of our naval force, as now allowed
by law. Then, sir, we have the Brazil, the Afri-
can, and the Mediterranean squadrons to supply;
and these, according to the Secretary's programme,
will increase the number to seven tnousand six
hundred and twenty-four—more than the whole
number now authorized to be employed in the
Navy. Why, sir, if we do not adopt some meas-
ure at the present moment, we ought really to
thank England and France for their generous prof-
fer to send their navies into the Gulf—upon our
very shores—to execute our own laws. Let us
invite them to perform the duties which we refuse
to perform for our own citizens!
It is by no means my intention to condemn the
policy of increasing our force in the Pacific, pro-
vided the Atlantic is at the same time remembered.
I have already pointed you to the neglected con-
dition of the service on the other side of the con-
tinent. A large additional force is needed there,
and we ought not to hesitate to prepare, at what-
ever cost, all the appliances necessary for the main-
tenance of an adequate naval force in the great
Pacific ocean. Our rich possessions on that coast
are utterly defenseless. There is not a single gun
mounted, so far as I know, upon the whole line
of that coast from San Diego to Puget's Sound. A
single frigate, or a single steamer, can at any mo-
ment enter the bay of San Francisco, and lay the
rich and mngnificent emporium of that region un-
der contribution, or even lay it in ashes. What
would be the consequences of such a hostile de-
monstration ? To stop the commerce of the Sac-
ramento and the San Joaquin rivers, and to starve
out the population of the whole country, dependent
aa it is upon supplies from South America and the
United States. Capitulation would immediately
follow. Oregon and California would be lost.
Sonora and the whole western coast of Mexico,
with all its wealth of mines, would fall into the
hands of the aggressive Power. The splendid
trade with the East, now quite within our grasp,
would vanish like a dream, and the scepter would
fall from our trembling hands. To leave our val-
uable possessions in such a condition, without a
•ingle gun mounted, or a single armed steamer to
perform efficient naval service, you are actually in-
viting aggression. You are holding out a bribe of
hundreds of millions of dollars to induce even an
inferior Power to risk the consequences of ultimate
defeat, for the sake of realizing the splendid results
of one successful blow in that quarter. Whatever
we might eventually be able to do, the immediate
consequences would be starvation and capitulation
on the Pacific coast, and bankruptcy on the whole
Atlantic. Stop for a single year that stream of
$50,000,000 or $60,000,000 of gold, upon which
our commercial and banking operations are so
largely founded. There could be but one result,
and it requires no prophet to say what that would
be.
It is said that England cannot make war upon
us; we have bond and security for her keeping the
peace. That may be. But I am not sure that
England will not suffer less from a war with us in
our present condition, them from our inevitable
progress and extension during a long period of
quiet. Without much trouble, she could inflict a
Heavy wound, and stop our progress for a quarter
of a century. Gentleman say she must have our
cotton. So indeed she must; but she would get it
through the hands of neutral nations—France or
Holland. To prevent that, you would be obliged
to lay an emlmrgo upon the shipment of the arti-
cle. Would the southern States submit to it?—
or, what is a more pertinent question in consider-
ing the possibility of war, has England reason to
believe that the southern States would submit to
an embargo upon theshipmentof their great staple?
The truth is, it is a gross delusion for us to imagine
that we are entirely beyond the danger of war
with England.
The designs of Louis Napoleon have excited
much attention and no little apprehension even in
our own country. I do not profess to have much
sagacity or foresight in matters of this kind, but I
will merely mention a few facts which seem to me
to indicate that the ambition of the French Gov-
ernment is not confined to its operations on the
continent or in Africa. It is well known that in
1840 the minister of France in Texas applied to
that Republic for grants of land for the establish-
ment of extensive colonies on its border. The
object undoubtedly was to interpose those colonies
as barriers to the progress of the United States, and
as the means of establishing French power in
Mexico. Splendid maps and plans were executed
by French engineers, and presented to the Texan
Congress. The bill actually passed in one House,
and failed in the other, I believe, by only one vote.
I A few months ago we had a rumor that the
French Government had taken possession of the
| bay and peninsula of Samana, in St. Domingo, j
\ Subsequent information renders it certain that this
rumor was not true, that France has not taken |
possession of that magnificent harbor. Yet, sir,
it is to me a great mystery how that rumor could !
have got into circulation, and I cannot help be-|
lieving that it was thrown out by the instruments '
of French power to test the feelings of the people |
and Government of the United States, in the
Courrier des Etats-Unis of the 29th January last, I
find a very singular paragraph, reproduced from
the Government organs of the French capital.
It is nothing less than a magnificent description
of the bay and peninsula of Samana which the
French Government has not taken, and by no means
intends to take. I give the article as published by
the French Government itself in the " Documents
upon the foreign commerce."
"La Bate de Samana.—Le Gouvernement Fran;ais
vientde publier la note suivante sur la presqu'ile de Samani
dans les Documents sur le commerce exttricur:
'"La baie de Samanfi ponrrait contenir des escadres; I
son port parait excellent; il est trea sur, et de grands na- !
vires de guerre y pourraient p4n£trer. On y crlerait un bel
6tablissement maritime.
"' Siunanl n'est pas moins bien situl que la c6te beige
de Saint-Thomas, et il a sur ellel'avantage de pouvoir four
nir lui-mgme aux bfttiments venant d'Europe les cargaisons
qu'ils viennentchercher, sans qu'ilssoienl sourais anx pertes
de temps et aux difficulty qu'entrainent les aflrltements &
distance et aux frais qu'occasionne toujours une operation
d'escale.
" < Mais c'est principalement au point de vile de la naviga-
tion & la vapeur que Samani a une grande valeur. 11 faut
' pour les steamers venant d'Europe, 4 1'entree de la mer des
Antilles et du Golfe du Mexique ainsi qu'ft la premiere
ttape du chemin de Panama, une vaste rade oil ils puissent
se mouvoir, un territoire oti ils puissent, s'approvisionner,
un point propre & Itablir de grands chantiers et des ateliers
de construction et de reparation. Samani leur offre tout
cela, et en outre une abondante mine de houille.
"' Quant au sol de la presqu'ile, on croit qu'il n'y en a
pas d'aussi fertile, m6me dans I'ile Saint-Domingue; c'est
14 qu 'on trouve les cannes 4 sucre et las pieds de cal% de
la plus grande dimension. Pour ce qui est de la culture
des vivres, c'est-&-dire des bananes, des ignames, des pa-
tates, du manioc, nulle part on ne l'a vue plus belle ni
plus varide; les fruits eux-m6mes y aont d'une abondance
telle, que les habitants Ichangeaient contre une ration de i
biscuit de matelot des mangos formant la charge entifere ,
d'un clieval, et l'on y a vu un ananas depassant en volume
les plus gros pains de sucre qui sorteot de nos raffineriea."
If tl>e French Government has no actual designs
upon Samana, it is evidently not because it does I
not fully appreciate the importance of that harbor '
as a great naval position. Louis Napoleon seems
to look with a longing eye upon it; he seems to
covet its possession, though he may not actually
propose at this time to acquire it. He may have
a still better opportunity when we shall have con- !
tinued our present naval system a few years longer, j
until it shall arrive at the very lowest point of in-
efficiency.
But again: we have all noticed the celebrated ex
pedition ofCountBoulbon to the Mexican province I
of Sonora. I am informed by the late collector of
San Francisco, that when he learned of the sailing
of this expedition, supposing it to be of a hostile
character, from the fact that it was composed of
French soldiers, armed and starting from our ter-
ritory, he felt it to be his duty to prevent its sail-
ing. A revenue cutter was furnished with a thirty-
two pounder, and the vessel was stopped. Count
Boulbon came to the custom house and exhibited
all his papers. T(he collector of the port was sat-
isfied of his mistake, and was obliged to let the
expedition sail. The papers exhibited proved
the consent of the Mexican Government, given
through the French minister accredited to that
Court. Mr. King thinks there is good reason to
believe that the whole affair was conducted under
the auspices of the French Government. These
few simple facts satisfy me that there is really
something in the apprehension recently so widely
felt and expressed, as to the designs of the French
Emperor upon this continent.
Upon looking at the whole question in all its
bearings, while we may not have reason to fear
any immediate difficulty, we have every possible
motive for placing our naval force in the most ef-
ficient condition. The affairs of all Mexico and of
Central America areof the deepest possibleinterest I
to us. These countries are our immediate neigh-
bors. We cannot hold ourselves entirely aloof
from their proceedings; indeed, we are already
involved on their account, in some "alliances" not
a little "entangling." It is impossible to avoid
this, unless we are prepared to surrender our most
vital interests, and neglect our most important
duties; or unless we are disposed vainly and
blindly to struggle against " the law of our politi-
cal existence," which is plainly that of" territorial
development." This is no piace to discuss the
general question of the acquisition of territory. I
will only say briefly and summarily, that in our
intricate relations with Mexico and Central Amer-
ica, annexation will soon become a necessity. It
will be far better than those entangling alliances
which will entail all the difficulties of annexation,
without its benefits. We must act prudently, cau-
tiously, wisely: but the inevitable result will event-
ually force itself upon us. Our policy is to ac-
cept what we cannot avoid, and make timely prep-
aration for meeting all the responsibilities of our
position.
What is the condition of Mexico, our imme-
diate neighbor? The late President of that Re-
public, in his last annual message to Congress,
presents this sad and melancholy picture.
" Among us social evils are organic. Everything appears
to be as contradictory and heterogeneous as the races which
now people our territory; and in the obstinate struggle now
going on between progress and reaction, it seems as though
no power could be firmly seated, and as though our only
normal situation were a state of perpetual anareby."
In view of this state of things in that unhappy.
country, I consider it unfortunate, Mr. Chairman,
that we did not continue our military occupation'
of Mexico until the present hour. It would have
been an act of humanity, and would have con-
ferred a great blessing upon that suffering people.
It was unfortunate that General Scott so peremp-
torily and disdainfully rejected the proposition for
annexing that country to ours without even sub-
mitting it to his Government! I would not wish
it to be understood that I desire to enter into a
crusade for the purpose of taking Mexicoor Cuba.
Such is by no means my desire. I intend only to
express my conviction that events are tending in
that direction, and that the obligation rests heavi-
ly upon us to perform the high duties which Prov-
idence will soon impose upon us.
atwork to perform these duties. We must fortify
San Francisco, and guard our great commercial
interests in the Pacific by a powerful and efficient
fleet. We must protect our citizens in the enjoy-
ment of their full rights, whether in the Gulf, ii>
the Atlantic, or in the Pacific. We must place our-
selves in a position of security, such that we may
not fear to resent the insolence of a Spanish Cap-
tain General, when he insults our flag, expels our
vessels, or inhumanly butchers our citizens with-
out a fair, legal trial. If we must go three thou-
sand miles across the ocean to adjust differences
with the Spanish Government, let us at least be
prepared in the mean time to protect our citizens
from outrage, and our commerce from being pro-
scribed ana fettered by the most arbitrary regu-
lations, and the most unfounded assumptions of
power, exhibited haughtily in sight of our very
shores. Let us not talk of asserting the Monroe
doctrine, without preparing to make our declara-
tions felt and respected, whether those declarations
refer to the Bay Islands, theBalize,or the French
and English interference with Cuba or St. Do-
mingo.
There is yet another matter which ought not to
be neglected by this Congress, if it be not too late
to give it the requisite consideration. I refer to.
the long-projected line of mail-steamers between
the Bay of San Francisco and the free ports of
China. These vessels may be made to perform
an important part in the naval service necessary
to protect our growing commerce in that quarter.
It is proposed to build them as vessels-of-war, act-
| ually pierced for a battery, and each carrying four
("heavy guns. Our great interests demand some
! such measure as this, both for the extension and
for the protection of that vast intercourse and com-
merce which is destined to exist hetween our con-
tinent and the five or eight hundred millions of
industrious and ingenious inhabitants of Asia.
I shall conclude my remarks, Mr. Chairman,
with a few words in reference to the amendment
which I first presented, in relation to an increase
in the number of seamen. If the amendment I
