1853.
THB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE*
26V
had the honor to propose some years ago for a
change in the management of our squadrons and
in the length of cruises, had been received with
Favor, we might now be able to secure the neces-
sary defenses of the country in time of peace by the
number of men at present employed, if not by a
smaller number—keeping as many ships in com-
mission as you now propose with nine thousand
men. But, under existing circumstances, I feel it to
be my duty, and the Naval Committee have in-
structed me to offer the recommendation of the
Secretary of the Navy for an increase of seamen to
the number mentioned. I present the Secretary's
statement in the following letter, which 1 ask
may be read:
Navt Dspaethkht, January 3,1853.
Sift: I have the honor to submit herewith a list of the
Testis of the Navy that will probably be in commission
during the year 1853, showing an aggregate of men to man
them, of nine thousand. The law, as it now stands, limits
the number of men, including petty officers, seamen, ordi-
nary seamen, landsmen, and boys, to seven thousand five
hoodred. There will, therefore, be required an addition to
the present number of fifteen hundred. For the pay of this
additional number of persons I also submit an estimate in-
cluding a bounty to be paid to each person, amounting in
all to $355,500.
And for the consideration of the Naval Committee,! re-
spectfully place before you the form of a bill to establish a
corps of permanent seamen in the Navy of the United
States, for all of which I ask the deliberation of Congress.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient
servant, JOHN P. KENNEDY.
Hon. F. P. Stawok, CSIstrman of the Committee on Na-
val Jiff airs, House of Representative*.
Vessels of the Naty which wiU probably be in ewmu'wios
during the year 1853*
Stations and names of Vessels, No. of men.
East Indies.
Vermont ship of-the-line   900
Susquehanna, steamer 230
Mississippi, do   300
Priaeetou, do..... 200
Alleghany, do   120
Macedonian, corvette   300
Plymouth, sloop 162
Saratoga, do     16S
Yandalia, do .......162
Supply, store-ship.     49
Southampton, do   45
Pacific.
Independence, razee   500
'St. Lawrence, frigate 400
Raritts, do 400
PaHnBOtttb, sloop.......... 163
 —, do 162
Fredonia,store-ship 45
Coast of JJfrica.
Constitution, frigate 400
Germantown, sloop 162
John Adams, do   162
Marion, do.. 105
Dale, do ....105
Bainbridge, brig 70
Perry, do   70
Vixen, steamer     45
BraxiL
Savannah, frigate      .4(&k
Congress, do ....^...400,
Jamestown, sloop 162
Supply,store-ship    45
Waterwitch, steamer  45
Mediterranean.
Cumberland, frigate 40©
Levant, sloop     162
St. Louis, do     162
, San Jacinto, steamer   200
Powhatan, do 230
Wat Indies, (Home.)
Cumberland, frigate - ..400
Cyane, sloop     162
Albauy, do     162
Decatur, do   105
Saranac, steamer 190
Fulton, do    80
On the Lakes.
Michigan, steamer 70
Surveying.
Vincennes, sloop * 162
Porpoise, brig      70
John Hancock, steamer   * 50
Special Service*
Dolphin, brig       70
Coast Survey   .........300
Receiving Siip#.
Boston -Ohio, seventy-four *.....84
New York—Nortb Carolina, seventy-four.......... 84
Philadelphia—Union, steamer 50
Baltimore—Ontario, sloop 50
Norfolk—Pennsylvania, seventy four 84
9,797
Peduct for ships repairing and refitting for reliefs.... 797
9,000
Navy DepaRtmkjit, December 31,1852.
Estimate for the pay of one thousand five hundred petty
officers, seamen,ordinary stamen, landsmen, and boys, in
addition to the seven thousand jive hundted alto wed for ;
the Navy by existing laws, and for a bounty to each indi- -
vidual oj ten per cent, upon his annual pay.
One thousand five hundred persons at an average annual
pay of $150 $225,000
Add ten per cent, for bounty   22,500
Add ten per cent, for bounty on estimated amount
forthe pay of seven thousand five hundred petty
officers, seamen, ordinary seamen, landsmen,
and boys, say $1,080,000  108,000
Total $355,500
| Navt Department, December 31,1852.
1 These letters explain themselves, and therefore
i require no comment. 1 will only say that seamen
cannot be obtained, even the number now allowed
by law, without an increase of pay. This at least
must be done, whether you increase the number
of men or not. The rate of pay for seamen is now
fixed by the Department, not being regulated by
law. I do not propose to change the law in this
respect, for I think the present mode better to en*
able the Government to meet the change of wages
constantly occurring in the merchant service.
The Department has nothing to do but to estimate i
for whatever may be necessary to man our vessels.
Congress will not hesitate to vote the amount, and
I hope it will go so far as to give the increase of
men asked for by the Secretary.
, Mr. BOWIE. The foreign and domestic pol- |
icy of the country are so intimately blended with |
1 the annual appropriations for military purposes, ;
that I hope 1 may be indulged In a brief refer-
ence to them, before I speak to the specific objects
of the bill now under consideration.
When an honorable member from New York
city, [Mr. Brooks,] on the second day of this ses^
sion, startled the House by his proposition to re-
vise and reduce the imposts to a revenue standard,
1 was one of the few of my political party who
voted against it. There was not, in my judgment,
any such imminent danger of a financial crisis, as
to render it necessary for a Whig to renounce a
cardinal principle of policy. On the contrary, 1
remembered there were then pending before Con-
gress many unsatisfied claims of a public and
private character, resulting from sacrifices made
by citizens in behalf of their ceuntry, before and
during the second war of independence, from for-
eign aggression and maritime invasion; many >
exposed cities and harbors, tempting the cupidity
of an enemy, to be fortified; a system of internal ;
communication and external defenses to be per- j
fected, which would deplete the surcharged Treas-
ury, if we fulfilled the obligations of justice, pru-
dence, and patriotism. It was premature at least,
before surveying the foreign relations of the coun-
try, before its actual financial condition was as-
certained, before receiving the annual authentic
official report of the Secretary of the Treasury, to
attempt to remodel the revenue, system. Since
the actual condition of the Treasury has been as-
certained, I apprehend the proposition which was
deemed plausible at the time of its introduction
would now be considered quixotic.
It would be financial folly for a Government to
contemplate reducing its revenues, (already de-
creasing,) because of a casual surplus of $10,000,-
000 or $15,000,000, which has a public debt of !
$72,000,000; which owes to private claimants per- |
haps #20,000,000 yet to be liquidated; which re- ]
quires from $4,000,000 to #7,000,000 to carry on j
tne Mint, and $5,000,000 as a basis for the sub- j
Treasury; which has unfinished fortifications re-
quiring $15,000,000, and a steam navy to build,
independently of large territorial improvements,
rivers, roads, and harbors to open, construct, and ;
preserve.
We are informed by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury the duties on imports have declined nearly a
million and a half. What may be the cause or ex-
tent of that tendency—whether it is permanent or
temporary—is yet to be developed; but other and
more grave considerations make the idea of re-
ducing the revenue impolitic and wholly, unsafe.
A recent election has transferred the power of
the people from the Whig to the Democratic par-
ty. The prominent features of the incoming Ad-
ministration will be a bold progressive foreign
policy, sympathy with the downtrodden people
of Europe, aefiance to all European colonization
014 the American continent, annexation of all ad-
jacent territory longing to be free and fraternize
with the United States.
We have reason to believe, if ail that transpires
around us is not mere sound, that our foreign re-
lations are of a most delicate character. Distin-
guished and eloquent gentlemen of the triumphant
party, in their places, and upon their responsibil-
ity as-Senators, have avowed that the most mo-
mentous questions (which may from hour to hour
require practical solution^ are pending. Senators
are now deliberating in grave debate in the other
end of this Capitol whether two of the leading and
most formidable Powers of Europe have not vio-
lated the established and proclaimed integrity of
the American Continent, and thereby endangered
republican institutions; solemn inquiry is being
made* in that most puissant Chamber of Congress,
what steps it behooves the United States to adopt
to protect its principles and honor.
The learned, grave, and impassive chairman of
the Committee on Foreign Affairs in the Senate, is
reported to have said, whether the British Colony
of the Bay of Islands be a violation of the Monroe
doctrine or not, it must be removed.
The sententious, venerable, and eloquent Nestor
of the Senate has labored incessantly, for,weeks
past, to convince his associates the contingency
has arisen to require its practical assertion.
Dialogue between Senators Cass and Douglas,
February 14, 1853:
" But the Senator insists that his resolution will have and
ought to havea retrospective effect. If so, let him so amend
bis resolution as to make it declare distinctly that all Euro-
pean colonies established in America since Mr. Monroe's
memorable declaration, and in violation ofit, together with
all which shall hereafter be established, are to be resisted
by this Government at all hazards. Is he prepared to do
that?
"Mr. Cass. Perfectly.
"Mr. Dofolas. Then I understand that the honorable
Senator is willing to say in his resolution:rResolved, That
all colonies which have been established upon the American
continent by Great Britain, or any other European Power,
since 1823, in violation of the Monroe declaration, and all
that may be hereafter established, are to be deemed hostile
to our interests and safety, and to be resisted by the full
power, if necessary,of this Government.'
" Mr. Cass. I will vote for it to-day.
" Mr. Douglas. Why did he not make his purpose ap-
parent on the face of his resolution ?
"Mr. Cass. Certainly; that is my idea; that is my con*
struction. It is plain talk, and I like it.
" Mr. Douglas. That is plain talk. Then, let us see
where we are accordmg4o the explanations that have been
made. Does the Balize come within this restriction, and is
Great Britain to be required to draw in her boundaries to
what they were In 1833?
"Mr. Cass. She must draw it in just asfarasshe has
extended it illegally, or in contravention of our rights.
"Mr. Douglas. The seizure of the Bay Islands is to be
disavowed, and those islands are to be restored?
"Mr. Cass. Precisely.
" Mr. Douglas. The seizure of the town of San Juan,
at the mouth of the San Juan river, on the 8th of February,
1848, is at once to be disavowed, and it is to be restored to
Nicaragua ?
" Mr. Cass. Qertainly.
" Mr. Douglas. The British protectorate over the Mos-
quito coast is to be abandoned, and treated as if it had not
existed ?
wMf. Cass* It is abandoned by the treaty.
" Mr. Dodsl^s. I do not thinjc it has yet been aban-
doned. I shall wait patiently for the Senator to bring for-
ward his modified resolution in such terms as to embrace
all the objects to which I have referred, for I looked in vain
through his speeches for something to show that he ever
dreamed of carrying his resolution back to the past.
"Mr. Cass. I never thought of anything to the con-
trary."
Another late prominent candidate for the Presi-
dency (Senator Doughs) has said:
"Sir, what right has Great Britain to call upon the Uni-
ted States, as she did in a late application, to enter into a
negotiation to guaranty Cuba to Spain ? Such a step might
have been necessary on the part of England in order to sat-
isfy Spain that she has abandoned the policy which for cen-
turies has marked her colonial history with plunder and
rapine. Why does not England first restore to Spain the
Island of Jamaica, by the seizure and possession of which
she is enabled to overlook Cuba, while it gives her the
command of the entrance of the proposed Nicaragua canal ?
Why does she not restore to old Spain Gibraltar, which
from proximity and geographical position naturally belongs
to her, and is essential to her safety? Why does she not
restore the colonial possessions which she has stretched all
over the world, commanding every important military and
naval station, both upon land and water? Why does she
fiot restore them to their original owners, from whom she
ob'ained them by fraud and violence? Why does she not
do these things before she calls upon us to enter into stipu-
lations that we will not rob Spain of the Island of Cuba t
"The whole system of European colonization rests upon
seizure, violence, and fraud. European Powers hold n early
all their colonies by the one or the other of these tenures.
They can show no other evidence, no other muniment of
title. What is there in the history of the United States that
requires us to tnake any such disclaimer? We have never
acquired one inch of territory, except by honest purchase,
and full payment of the consideration. W« have never
seized any Spanish or other European colony. We have
never invaded the rights of other nations. We do not hold
