858
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 25,
in <mr hand the results of rapine, violence, war, and fraud, 1
f«rcenturies, and tiien prate about honesty, and propose to :
honest peopie to enter into guarantees that they will not
rob their neighbor.-."
The Press, the g;reat generator of public senti-
ment, through its thousand channels,is reechoing
the same sentiments. ,
Nor are these the only evidences of portentous
presage. An honorable and distinguished member
of this House, in concurrence with accredited or-
gans of the Democratic party, has deemed it his
duty to propose an extraordinary deposit of
SlO,000,000, to be placed at the discretion of the
President, to be used as public exigencies may
demand. It is true that proposition failed in this
House, yet its mere suggestion, with the indorse-
ment it has received fro in hi«*h sources of public
sentiment, is significant of change.
i read from the Union of Wednesday, the 29th i
of December, lb5*2: 1
tl The Confidential Fund.—A newspaper rumor, that
Senator Soule entertains the design of proposing to intrust
$L. ,00<UHW to the incoming Administration, for the purpose
of enabling it to meet any extraordinary exigencies that
might arise in the foreign relations of the country during
the recess of Congress, lias been the occasion of -oine mail
cious criticism with the Wing press. A newsp.iper rumor is a
very trail basis tor an assault upon an Administration before
it exists. Hut though the rumor were true—and we do not
\vi:«.h to be understood as meaning to discredit it—we ima-
gine there is nothing in the proposed measure to ju>ufy the
ceti-ure of the VVhig press. Hie measure js not without re-
peated precedent; and surely it at any period it was neces-
sary and pro -er, it is demanded bv the present criMsof doubt
and dnlieult.v in tne torngu relation* ot the country. It is un-
p<iN5ible to foresee what momentous national exigency may
arise within the next twelvemonth, so unsettled and threat-
ening is the aspect of the p >htieal world 11 cannot be con-
tends d that the country is unwilling to intrust the disposi-
tion oi such a sum to the direction of General Pierce, after
the extraordinary vote of confidence given hnn by the people
on the second of last November."
The great motive power of this country is pub-
lic opinion. Whether right or wrong, it sways
the Government as a pendulum; swift and terrible
as the tornado, it forms in obscure and invisible ll
sources, rises in its might, and sweeps mountain, ij
valley, and plain. Thus the public mind of this jj
country is being prepared for some great national >,
struggle; public men delight to feed the publicap- ,|
petite with the memory of wrongs perpetrated n
nearly half a century ago. National antipathies \\
are cherished, and the people of the United States :
are offered the alternative of being the victims or ,,
victors of all anti-republican Governments. 1
Foreign Powers are roused by these lofty pre-
tensions and this exasperating language to cavil
on the ninth part of a hair. Whatever might be
yielded to amicable overtures and negotiations,
will be scornfully rejected under menace or intim-
idation. They are already arming—nay, they are
armed for any emergency. Our information is,
that never have the  reat naval Powers of Eu-
rope been so panoplied in all that tends to make
war successfully destructive. Human ingenuity
has been taxed to devise gigantic implements of
death. Ships of extraordinary tonnage, guns of
immense and unReard-of caliber, projectiles of the ,
most fatal character, are daily announced as being i
introduced and prepared for some anticipated j
death-struggle between nations.
u Organization of the Navy.—We yield to the re- -
quebt of a friend, who has a practical acquaintance with
naval matters, to insert the annexed portions of a commu-
nication which appeared lately in the New York Mirror.
In things professional we must necessarily be guided by
faith more than knowledge; but there is one reflection
prompted by the subject, which common seine will war
rant without any professional knowledge; and that is, that
a nation should not invite or threaten war without making
all prudent preparations for it." * * * * ''During the
pa-st ten years, the English, French, and Dutch Govern-
ments have made very extraordinary efforts to resuscitate,
strengthen, and extend the force and discipline of their
respective navies. It is a notorious circumstance that the
officers and seamen are daily employed in exercising their
great guns, afloat and ashore; and that John Bull now
prides himself veiy much in his superiority in gunnery.
"The French Government has added very largely to its
Navy during the last five years, especially m steamers. ,
France now has in commission forty shipsof the line, fifty '
frigates, ioJd,) forty corvettes, eighteen armed transports;
to which add fifty new frigates, and twentv corvettes of ,
th ee hundred and twenty to four hundred-horse power, arid
seventy small steamers.
" She has also made a great and important change in her '
navy. She has removed all the old and inefficient officers,
and placed on the deck* of her ships, young, vigorous, am- .
bilious men, in their prime of life, capable and ambitious 1
of attempting the mo?t daring achievement for the honor of
the navy, and the glory of La Belle France.
(i The English navy, loo, has been vastly increased in the
number and quality of its ships of-war and steamers. At
this moment, there are more ships-of war on the stocks in
the royal navy yaids than at any other period in twenty
years. Having very recently visited the dock-yards at Ply-
mouth, and other naval depots in Great Britain, also in
France, 1 offer the foregoing observations, with confidence
in their accuracy. I have only to add I was astonished at
the e.xtraoidiuary exertions making m Europe to increase
their naval power and efficiency. The English Navy now
lar exceeds in force that of the French, as much as the ,
Dutch marine exceeds the Navy of ihe United States." ,
Foreign fleets have floated in the Caribbean seas 1
to protect Cuba from invasion from our shores.
We have been formally notified that these attacks
have engaged the serious attention ot the two
most formidable naval Powers of the world; that
tlie friendly relations now existing between them
and the United States might be endangered by
1 their repetition.*
These considerations are certainly suggestive of I
the inquiry, whether we are prepared ior the con-
flict, which the high aspirations ol the triumphant i
party and the progress of events seem to invite.
Are we invulnerable at home, invincible on the
seas ? Have we fortifications adequate to the pro-
tection of the great commercial emporiums of the
country, and the navy-yards, arsenals and docks,
on the sea-board ? Have we well-appointed fleets,
able to cope with our adversaries? Have we con-
sidered 44 whether with an army of ten thousand
men we can meet an enemy with twenty thou-
sand?"
A transient contrast of our naval power with
those of Europe, and a rapid review of the rel-
ative effect of the introduction of steam upon our
system of maritime defenses, will be sufficient to
satisfy us we are far from being invulnerable or ■
invincible. The report from the Secretary of the
Navy shows we have but 37 vessels-of-war of all
kinds in commission, carrying 746 guns; 15 in
ordinary, carrying 772 guns; 5 store-ships, 24
guns, and 7 building. Of these we have 8 steam-
i era, carrying from 1 to 10 guns; 2 carrying 10; 2
carrying1 9; 2 carrying 6.—Vide Rept. of Secretary
j of the *Yavy.
I Naval Forces of the Chief States, by Banfield Sf Wells.
States.
Afloat,
In Ordinary
or Building.
Total.
Ships. Guns.
Ships.j Guns. Ships.
Guns.
G. Britain.
France ...
Russia....
Turkey...
U. .States.
Egypt....
Holland ..
332
215
179
6-3
47
35
4tt
4,688
4,293
5,B96
2,636
1,155
1,448
302
304 | 13,098 636
181 j 4,635 346
4 ! 24 66
30 1 1,190 77
3 , 312 38
85 j 1,344 134
17,681
8,92d
2,660
2,345
l,7t>0
1,646
The English Navy in 1848 consisted of 671
•243 in commission, including 98 steamers,
besides mail steamers, fit for purposes of war—
theCunard line, the Peninsula and Oriental Com-
pany, the West India packets, and the General
Steam Navigation Company.
" The naval power of England is greater than ever before,
and the disparity between us is yearly increasing, particu-
larly in her steam navy. In iheaduuralty navy list for April,
we find one hundred and fifty steamers of war; in addition
to these she has sixty or seventy mercantile steamers capa-
ble of being armed with thirty-two pounders, for which the ;1
guns, carriages, and ammunition, are actually prepared. ^
She has two hundred and forty more capable of carrying a ;
lighter armament, and some six hundred besides which might
be of service in resisting invasion.
Exclusive ot her squadrons abroad, she had in com
mission at home, in January, 1651, 14 sail ot the line, 3
screw steamers, 1U frigates, 4 steamers, besides several
steam-sloops, all ready for sea. She has also ready for
commission, 20 other powerlul steamers.—JJupont's Re-
port, p. 155, Doc. No. 5, 1851. France has 1 line of battle-
ship, 90 guns, with screw propellers; 14 steam frigates, 1st
class, mounting from 8 to lfiguns, heavy ordnance ; 15 steam
eorvetts, 40 dispatch steameis—Report of Com. Dupont,
Doc. 5, p. 155. 4 Our great battle upon the ocean is yet to
be fought, and we shall gain nothing by shutting our eyes
to the struggle.'—General Cass, cited Du/ onf, p. 154.
' Whosoever commands the sea, commands the trade, and
whoever commands the trade, commands the riches of the
world.'—Sir Walter Raleigh—ibid."
The effect of the application of steam to vessels-
! of-war has been to annihilate the distance which
' separated us from our rivals on the sea, and make
our ports more accessible to fleets drawing com-
'< paratively light draughts, and carrying the heaviest
; armament:
I "The application of steam to vessels-of-war acts upon
j the question of sea-coast defense both beneficially and in-
i juriously. It acts injuriously in several ways; hut chiefly,
first, by the suddenness and surprise with which vessels
may fall upon their object, and pas* from one object to
another, jn spite of distance, climate, and season ; and
secondly, by theirabihty to navigate shallow waters," p. $4.
* See notes of the English and French Ambassadors to
Mr. Webster, proposing the tripartite treaty.
The first quality affords no chance for impromptu prepara-
tions; accordingly, whatever our preparations are to be,
they should precede the war.
•'Vet there are those who insist we should leave de-
fensive mea-mes to a state of war. Let the day supply
the need. Inadequate as all -noli measures must prove,
there would be no time to arrange even these.
'• By the second quality, due to their light draught of
water^ these vessels will oblige the defenses to be extended
in some form to passages, or channels, or shoals, that be-
fore were adequately guarded by their shallowness. The
bars of the Mississippi formerly excluded all but small ves-
sels-of-war. Now, ail the armed steamers of England and
France might bo formed in airay before the city of New
Orleans, before a rumor of their approach had been heard."
The great naval depots of Great Biitain, Hali-
fax, Jamaica, and Bermuda, are within thiity-six
or forty eight hours of our coasts. Every city on
its border is exposed to bombardment without an
hour's notice, in the contingency of war.
u Among other causes and changes the most important
appeals to be the discovery of a channel leading from the
ocean into the Bay of New York, which could riot be
commanded by any of the fortifications proposed t y the
Board."—Reyort of Commodore Morris, p J3-, Doc. No. 5.
jilso, Colonel Totten, Dot. 5, p. 103. Necessity of Defenses
at Sundy Hook.
" Harbor of Baltimore.—The proximity of the city to
the Chesapeake Ray. greatiy endangers the city of Haiti-
more. In the present >-iate of things, an enemy, in a tew
hours' march, alter an easy landing, and without having his
communication with his fleet endangered, can make him-
self master of thatgreat emporium of commerce. There
are required for its security, two forte on the Paiapsc, one
at Hawkins's point, and the other opposite that point."—
Briz- Gen. Totten^s Report, Doc. No. 5, p. 105, 1851.
Ten steamers, in ten days, might blockade every
port from Boston to Mobile. Fifteen would carry
an army of ten thousand men. The result is " a
greater necessity than ever for defending our cities,
harbors, and dock-yards by some efficient means."
Besides the greater capacity of steamships, the
celerity and certainty of their movements against
wind and tide make them most formidable instru-
ments of invasion. The French expedition against
Rome, is an example.
In 1814, we had from six to eight months' notice
of the contemplated invasion—now the blow will
be struck without warning.
The Secretary of the Navy admonishes us of
our great disparity, of the necessity of providing
steamers in the Pacific, (where we have only two
frigates and two sloops-of-war,) and the propriety
of increasing the number of screw-propellers.
Our little navy is scattered over the waters of
the world; scarce a sea in which our flag does not
float in protecting commerce or the pursuit of sci-
ence. The Mediterranean, the coast of Africa,
Brazil, and South America, the Isles of Japan, and
the seas of China, are or will soon be the theater
of its explorations. Can we over-estimate the ne-
cessity of cherishing, strengthening, and sustain-
ing this great arm of national defense?
From the capture of the Serapis to the siege of
Vera Cruz, the Navy has sustained the honorand
augmented the glory of our country. Neither trea-
son or cowardice has ever sullied the fame of ita
officers, or tarnished the folds of their flag. The vic-
tories of Paul Jones, Nicholson, Hopkins, Cun-
; ningham,and others of revolutionary fame, secured
the alliance of France, furnished our Army with
clothes, arms, and ammunition, and contributed
largely to our national existence and independ-
ence. The victories of Hull, Morris, Perry, Porter,'
Decatur, and Steward, with their immortal com-
| peers in the war of 1812, redeemed us from mglori-
i ous vassalage on the ocean, and gave the prestige
1 of success to our forces on land.
The accomplished and energetic Secretary of
j the Navy, in view of our extended commerce and
; territory, the new avenues of trade, the immense
■ increase of population and national resources, our
comparative naval disparity, and the preservation
!j of our national honor, as well as the inviolability
i of our territory, urges the strengthening of this
! arm of the service. Are we content to live on the
i naval renown of our ancestry? Will the exploits
I of half a century gone, redeem us from indelible
I disgrace if, after all the admonitions of the past,
, | we neglect the necessary provisions for self-defense,
,.j and security for the future?
j The State of Maryland, and the district I rep-
resent particularly, are deeply interested in all
that tends to preserve us from maritime invasion.
The ravages of the war of 1812 are not yet re-
paired; the private property sacrificed and de-
stroyed in the public defense has not yet been
paid for; they have neither indemnity for the past
nor security for the future. Many estimable fam-
ilies, reduced by sacrifices in the public defense
