1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
859
from affluence to penury, have for thirty years
stretched their supplicating hands to the Congress
of the United Slates, imploring that justice which
" Would deign to  ave,
from vengeful rite, the scions of a nee
That flourished once, and once were beautiful."
If we turn to our defenses on the sea-board, the
prospect is little more flattering, if any. Works
essential for the protection of tn<* great emporiums
of commerce are left unfinished; fortifications
which hare been completed are unarmed; but lit-
tle more than half of all the ordnance necessary
for the forts which are completed, is cast, and the
repairing of the whole is suspended for want of
appropriations.
Notwithstanding we are officially informed of
these facis by the Secretary of War in answer to
a resolution adopted in Starch, 1851, and have
been informed of them for sixteen months past;
yet the most apathetic indifference exists. All
appropriations for fortifications have been sus-
pended for two years past. Gallant officers of
the Army and Navy have pointed out to us the
extreme vulnerability of the country from the im-
provements in thearu of navigation and gunnery.
They show our condition to be infinitely more
critical than when we encountered Great Britain
in 1812. Should an enemy invade us and find us
unprepared, what a tremendous responsibility
must rest on this Congress!
The military defenses o£gdie country have been
the subject of particular consideration, at four
several periods, with long intervals. In 1816, when
the sea-board was bleeding from wounds then
recently inflicted by maritime invasion, a Board
of Engineers, with a distinguished member of
Napoleon's staff (General Bernard) at their head,
was organized under an act of Congress, and
charged with the duty of planning and recom-
mending a system of coast defense suited to the
prospective wants of the country. The aggregate
cost of this system, when completed, was esti-
mated at (44,958,636.
In 1636, General Cass, being Secretary of War,
reviewed the projet of the Board of Engineers,
and while condemning the plan as unnecessarily
grand and expensive, laid down these general
proportions, which were communicated to Con-
gress with the indorsement of President Jackson:
" I think every town large enouirh to tempi the cupidity
of an raemyahould be defended by work*, fixed or floating,
mited to its local pontion. and sufficiently extensive to re-
mn mch attempts as would be made against it."
Again:
" All die harbor* and Inlets upon the eoasta where there
me ties or town*, whose situation and importance create
juM apprehension, and particularly where we have public
naval establishment*, «hould be defended by works pro- 1
portioned to any emergency that may probably occur." j j
In 1840, the House of Representatives, by res- , I
olution, called on the War Department for a re-
port of a full and connected system of national I
defense. The subject was referred to a Board of j
Engineers, who presented their views in a masterly
manner, and sustained the system of 1816.
At the close of the Thirty-first Congress, the
usual appropriations for*fortifications having been
withheld, a resolution was adopted requiring the
Secretary of War to report, on the second Mon-
day of December then next, on the subject of the
land defenses of the country, in which he should
review the general system adopted after the war j
with Great Britain, and since pursued in regard to
the permanent fortifications then deemed neces- j
sary for national defense, and report whether the .
same may not be essentially modified by reducing :
the number of works proposed to be erected, and ■
abandoning some now in progress.
That sagacious and energetic officer, to enable |
htm to discharge the important duty committed j
to htm, with all the aids of experience and science,
addressed a series of questions to ten distinguished >
officers of the Army and Navy, involving the
modifications of the system of fortifications neces- i
sary or expedient in consequence of the applies- >
tion of steam to vessels-of-war, and the invention
or improvement of projectiles, or other changes i
that have occurred since 1816. !
AH these, (with one or two exceptions,) how- ,
ever varying in detail, concur in the propositions ;
of General Cass, above cited, viz: that every town
large enough to tempt the cupidity of the enemy, i
should be defended by means adequate to its pro- |
tection. I
This important official document, communicated !
to this House at the December session, 1851, the
combined result of the most tried, experienced,
anil skillAil minds in both arms of the service,
conveying the opinions of Brigadier General Tot-
ten, Lieutenant Colonel DeRussey, Majors Chase
and Delafield, of the Army, and of Commodores
Morris and Perry, Commanders Cunningham and
Dupont, Lieutenants Lanham, Maury, and Dal-
green of the Navy, names which illustrate our
history, by their exploits in the fields of war and
science, has been buried in the oblivion of the
folding-room, and made no impression on the
legislative mind. Well would it be for us, if the
undefended and exposed condition of our great
commercial emporiums disclosed in that document,
could be as effectually concealed from the knowl-
edge of our enemies.
Vet, notwithstanding the information furnished
this Congress at its own command, showing that
all our great cities, in consequence of the introduc-
tion of steam as the motive power of vessels-of-
war and the improvement of projectiles, are more
exposed than in 1814; that Boston, New York,
Baltimore, and New Orleans, may belaid under
contribution at the pleasure of any great naval
Power; we have no appropriation worth naming,
for continuing or preserving the fortifications rec-
ommended by all the military minds of the coun-
try. The Chief of the Board of Engineers esti-
mates that nearly a million of dollars are necessary
to preserve fortifications already built, and con-
tinue those long since commenced. Yet the Com-
mittee on Ways and Means have reported no bill
for fortifications at this session, and none at last
session, except a few paltry items amounting to-
one hundred and thirty-four thousand dollars. Are
the fortifications to be permitted to rot down, or
be swept away by the windB and the waves r Are
the millions already expended on them to be
thrown away for the want of a few more to. com-
plete them? On whose judgment shall we rely on
the subject of national defenses? Shall the men
who have bared their bosoms, on land and sea, in
asserting the national honor and defending the
national flag, be deemed unworthy of reliance in
Questions appertaining to their own science and
uty ? If so, we had better disband both arms of
the service, profess the principles of non-combat-
ants, and send delegates to the Congress of the
Universal Peace Society.
We are not only contemptuously rejecting the
suggestions of our own most enlightened, experi-
enced, and distinguished officers, but despising the
lessons of experience, and the example of all na-
tions, ancient and modern. " Fas est ab hoste do-
ctri." If the great naval and military Powers of
Europe are not our enemies, they are our com- j
petitora and rivals. Great Britain, besides her ,
immense naval marine, has her coasts bristling j
with batteries. France, with all her military re- j
nown, with every adult educated to arms, her ter- ;
ritory converted into a standing camp, has every
assailable point made impregnable by arms. Yet
the United States, the champion of the rieht of
self-government, the asylum of the oppressed
flying from the despotism of Europe, the antago-
nist of absolutism and privileged classes, is to
meet the world in arms without Navy or fortifi-
cations! " The chief stationary works which we
' now want along the Atlantic sea-board, are those
• that will protect our cities and towns from the
'great guns of big ships. Steam and electro-mag-
1 netism on the land can do but little against the
• tremendous power of armed ships on the water;
• and if these can bring any one of our large cities !
' within the reach of their guns, • its destruction is
' inevitable,' despite all that the telegraph and loco-
' motive can do. It is chiefly to keep such ships from
' burning our cities and harbors within reach of their
' broadsides that we want forts and castles."—.Lieut.
Maury.
Exposed as we are at home, Mr. Chairman,
this is not the most vulnerable point by far. By
cultivating the arts of peace, agriculture, manufac-
tures, and commerce, our citizens have now
afloat the largest commercial tonnage in the world.
The total imports of this country are $212,000,000;
total exports, $209,000,000—making an aggregate
of4421,000,000, exclusive of the value of the ships,
and lives of those who man them, dependent on
the efficiency of the American Navy to defend
them from foreign aggression. There are, per-
haps, $70,000,000 of this commerce in the Pacific,
(where we are told we have but two sloops and
! two frigates, and not a single steamer,) roving
! over an expanse of twenty thousand miles. The
commerce of the United States is estimated as fol-
lows:
Shiju. Tons. Value. Men.
Whale Fisheries B34 223,000 $30,000,000 18,000
Trading vemela 630 200,000 40,000,000 16.000
Total   1,364 423,000 $70,000,000 34,000
Thus the aggregate value of our tonnage and
freights is little, if any, short of $500,000,000.
With such an exhibit of the immense interests
at stake, depending on the invincibility of our
naval marine, can anything short of the most ex-
treme necessity justify us in withholding the ap-
propriations estimated by the proper bureaus as
necessary for its efficiency? Still we find, with a
superabundant Treasury,with a plethora so great
that some gentlemen areafraid of a financial crisis,
the Committee on Ways and Means have omitted
or reduced items of estimates amounting to nearly
two millions. The country will not approve this
reduction. The coldest calculations of interest,
without a throb of national pride, would suggest
the most liberal appropriations for national defense.
The American Congress which would peril the
great interests of the country through considera-
tions of mere economy, will be found to have bar-
tered national honor and commercial prosperity for
the greed of gold.
A most calamitous, incomprehensible self-suffi-
ciency and security have resulted from the triumphs
of the Mexican war. We imagine ourselves mas-
ters of the world; that no nation, nor all the na-
tions of the earth combined, can inflict an incur-
able wound upon us. If all the suggestions of
science, the rules of reason, the lessons of ex-
perience, and principles of strategy are not at fault,
we are infinitely less prepared for conflict with
the naval Powers of the world, than we were in
1812.
Mr. CABELL. Do I understand that the de-
bate upon the bill is to close at two o'clock?
The CHAIRMAN. That is the time fixed
upon by the House
Mr. CABELL. It will be utterly impossible for
me to speak upon the question for which I ob-
tained the floor within that limit, and therefore I
will not occupy the floor. It was my intention
to have addressed the House upon a subject to
which I have paid great attention, both during the
last Congress and the present one, and which I
think involves a very important question of na-
tional policy, viz: that of establishing a line of
communication between this country and China.
I believe the Government has it in its power to
open this communication—a measure that would
result in incalculable benefits to the country with-
out any expenditure of money, and without being
liable to the objection of involving heavy charges
upon the Government, such as have been alleged
against other similar lines. There are gentlemen
who are willing—and responsible men—to under-
take the establishment of this line, upon condition
that the Government will agree to pay them for a
certain time the amount of postage which may be
received through that line, and grant to them the
privilege of purchasing a certain quantity of land
for its own purposes.
There is another proposition which, in my
opinion, is .also feasible, coming from a highly-
respectable party, through whom the object may
be accomplished. They ask for no compensation,
except that the Government will advance to them
the money with which to build the ships, for
which they will give good and proper security for
the faithful expenditure of it. But it would be
utterly impossible for me to explain my views in
the five minutes which I have still remaining, and
I will therefore avail myself of some other occa-
sion, if any should occur.
[A message was here received from the Senate,
by the hands of Asburt Dickins, Esq., its Secre-
tary, announcing that the Senate had passed bills
of the following titles, viz:
An act for the relief of Mrs. Sally T. B. Coch-
rane, widow of the late Lieutenant R. E. Coch-
rane, United States Army; and
An act to authorize the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to issue a register to the bark May.
That the Senate had agreed to the amendment
of the House to the bill of the Senate (No. 242)
to regulate the terms of the district court of the
United States for the district of Iowa.
