860
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 25,
. And had also agreed to the report of the Com-
mittee of Conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses on the bill of the House (No. 332)
making appropriations for the support of the Mil-
itary Arademy for the year ending 30 June, 1854.
That the President of the United States had no-
tified the Senate that he did, on the 21st instant,
approve and sign a bill of the following title, viz:
Senate bill (No. 271) amendatory of the exist-
ing laws relative to the half dollar, quarter dollar,
dime, and half dime.]
Mr. TOOMBS. Mr. Chairman, I intended to
have"presented some views in connection with
the subject of the Navy and of the fortifications
of the country, but I think the action of the House
to-day, in limiting this debate, furnishes a conclu-
sive reason why they should not adopt either the
proposition presented by the gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Stanton] or that of the gentleman
from Maryland, [Mr. Bowie,] because we have
not time to consider them. 1 take it for granted,
that if the House supposed they had time to con-
sider these questions they would not hare limited
the debate to two hours, and given one speech to a
gentleman of the Naval Committee to urge an
increase of the Navy, and the other to a gentle-
man from Maryland to defend the fortification
system—thus giving no opportunity of present-
ing views upon the other side of either of those
subjects. We should take time to deliberate and
consider fully before we act upon matters of such
grave importance and of so great consequence to
the country as these, and therefore it is, I say that
because we have no time to consider maturely these
propositions—for no time has been allowed by the
House—we ought to reject them. I should be
glad of the opportunity of presenting in detail the
manner in which the money appropriated by this
Government for the service of the Navy has been
expended during the last twenty years.
There has been no increase of our naval arma-
ment for the last twenty-five years, in proportion
to the increase of expenditure. Sir, in this bill
there is an amount of over$8,000,000 appropriated,
of which §1,700,000 is for the repair of the Navy,
and the balance is for what? The details are both
curious and instructive. I regret I have not time
to analyze them, but a much greater sum is squan-
dered about bureaus, docks, and navy-yards, and
jobs to favorites, than is applied to the legitimate
purposes of strengthening this arm of the service.
You may increase your appropriations two mil-
lions more, five millions more; yes, sir, ten mil-
lions more, and unless a reform is brought about
in this department of the Government, it will all
go in the same way. Scarcely an additional gun
Kas been put afloat for the last twenty years, when
the annual appropriation was under $3,000,000,
These are the facts upon record.
The gentleman speaks of the necessity of a
steam navy. Why, sir, we have expended mil-
lions for the construction and support of steam-
ships used for carrying the mail. They are now
stricken out of your naval estimates; but when
we adopted that system, these steamships were
to be built in such a manner as to be made ser-
viceable in time of war. Naval authorities were
bound not to accept them unless they could be
used for that purpose, yet they have now reached
fifteen or twenty in number, and these very naval
men now tell us they will not answer at all. I
desire to go into all these facts in detail when a
proper opportunity presents itself, and show for
what these largely-increased appropriations have
been expended. But we have no time now to
consider these matters, and for one, 1 will not
consent to vote these largely-increased appropria-
tions until there is an opportunity to consider
them in detail, and provide that they shall be ex-
pended fairly and honestly. I repeat that these
steamships, which are now shown to be fit only
for mail purposes, were well contracted for, to be
superintended by your naval architects, fit for pur-
poses of war, and they were not to be accepted pr
paid for, unless they would answer that descrip-
tion.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. Will the gen-
tleman allow me to make a suggestion ? I will
state that the proprietors of one of these lines of
steamships propose to take one of them and sub-
ject it to any test the Secretary of the Navy may
choose, and if it does not answer every purpose
of a ship-of-war, it shall be thrown back upon
their hands.
Mr. TOOMBS. I have not pretended to say
they will not answer. 1 only say such is the de-
clared opinion of your naval men. We have now
fifteen or twenty of these war-steamers, and if it
be correct that they are suitable for the purposes,
then you have in your steam navy fifteen or
twenty large war steamers of the first class; and
what do you want with any moreIf you are to
carry out the idea advanced by the gentleman
from Maryland, and build up and set afloat a
navy equal to that of France, or equal to that of
England or of Russia, you will perpetrate the
most gigantic folly in the annals of the human
race. ^ >,u have no colonies to defend or keep
in subje^. no close, formidable, and turbu-
lent neighbor.- to guard against, no entangling
alliances to maintain. You need a navy suffi-
cient to protect your commerce from spoliation,
your citizens from outrage. The present estab-
lishment has proved sufficient for these purposes.
To that extent I will support it. But when you
expect a navy which shall equal those supported
in Europe for the purpose of maintaining a bal-
ance of power, or for the purpose of maintaining
" holy alliances," then you open the doors of your
Treasury to an expenditure, boundless, irrresist-
ible, ana illimitable. You then make the Gov-,
ernment too great a burden to be borne, and the
end thereof will not be distant.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. The time fixed by the
House for closing debate upon the bill under con-
sideration having arrived, the bill will be consid-
ered by sections for amendment.
Mr. HOUSTON. I have no desire to occupy
the hour to which I am entitled under the rules.
1 will yield it to the gentleman from Georgia, if he
desires to continue his remarks.
Mr. TOOMBS. No, sir; I will reserve what I
have to say until some future occasion.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, proposed an
amendment increasing the wages of the seamen in
the United States Navy ten per cent., and advo-
cated its adoption.
Mr. MILLSON. I will suggest to the gentle-
man from Georgia [Mr. Toombs] one cause of the
increase of expenditure which he has overlooked.
He will find that the large increase has arisen
from what Commodore Stockton calls the person-
nel of the Navy. Within the last twenty or thirty
years, .the number of captains has more than
doubled.
Mr. TOOMBS. And the gentleman from Ten-
nessee wants to increase them more by his bill. !
Mr. MILLSON. The number of commanders
has increased more than threefold.
Mr. TOOMBS. And this proposition will
create captains by the hundreds.
Mr. MILLSON. Lieutenants have been in-
creased more than double. The pay of the Navy
was formerly §800,000; now the expense is more
than twice that amount.
Mr. CABELL, of Florida. I rise to a question of
order. I understand there is a proposition in the i
bill which it is absolutely necessary to be adopted
in order to obtain seamen, and the question which '
gentlemen are discussing, will come in when we
reach that provision of the bill. I think the present
discussion should be confined to th® amendment
under consideration.
Mr. MILLSON. 1 am speaking in the time
of the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Stan-
ton.]
Mr. CABELL. The gentleman is diverting
the attention of the Committee from the amend-
ment now before it, and I beg him to wait for a
little while, until the discussion of that subject will
be more in order.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Virginia speak in opposition to the amendment?
Mr.'MILLSON. I am not opposed to the
amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is upon the
amendment offered by the gentleman from Ten-
nessee, [Mr. Stanton.]
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. I should like to give
my support to one part of the amendment, if it
could be divided. I will vote for giving the exist-
ing seamen an increased rate of pay, but I will not
favor an increase in the number of seamen. This
is the difficulty in the amendment. Is the amend-
ment divisible ?
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. Theproposed
increase of pay amounts to $108,000. The gen- i
tleman can propose to strike out one portion of
the amendment, if he desires.
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. I move to strike
out that portion of the amendment which provides
for an increase of the number of seamen, so that
I may vote for an increase of pay of those now in
the service. Now that flogging in the Navy is
abolished, we want to hold out an inducement in
order to get a different class of men in the Navy,
and in order to do that it may be necessary to give
them an increased amount of pay, and I am wil-
I ling to do it.
: Mr. FLORENCE. There seems to be a desire
on the part of the House and of the committee to
bring about a proper reform in the Navy. Now,
the first great step in reform, it strikes me, is to
have the materiel proper of the Navy Well paid.
Now, sir, the larger part of the Navy proper is
composed of the seamen. It is known and admitted
everywhere that they are not adequately paid for
the labor they perform. It is known that there is
a marked distinction between the compensation
paid to seamen in the mercantile marine and that
paid in the naval marine of the country.
Now, it strikes me—and I think it must appeal
to the sound sense and judgment of every member
of this Committee—that the first great step in re-
form is to give to them a fair and adequate compen-
i sation for the services performed, and to increase
that portion of the arm of the naval service of the
country which fights the battles of the country; for
after all, governed, as%ie Navy is, by competent
and intelligent officers, the materiel that fight the
battles, and defend the country, and our country's
flag and honor, in times of danger and war, are
the seamen upon the decks of the vessels. Now,
sir, let us increase their compensation, pay them
; adequately, and pursue that course which will
| bring about a moral reform in that materiel, and
we shall have accomplished a very great good. I
agree generally with the remarks of the gentle-
man from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs.] I think that
perhaps there is not sufficient time to consider
properly all the reforms that are necessary, but
let us, nevertheless, begin at one reform,ana with
such a reform as the country has taken into con-
sideration for a considerable length of time.
There is but one voice all over the country in
reference to the necessity of a reform in the Navy;
and I agree with the gentleman from Georgia that
there should be less snore duty, that some of the
palaces in our navy-yards should be torn down,
and that the men who now occupy them should
be made to perform duty. There are too many
officers awaiting orders. There is too much—to
use a phrase that has become familiar—too much
fogyism in the Navy, and I want to introduce the
spirit of Young America there, so that the men
who hold commissions shall perform as much ser-
vice as the seamen.
Let us pay the seamen, let us increase the ma-
terial arm of the service, and we will have accom-
plished one of the first steps in a good and proper
reform.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HOUSTON. I suppose that the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Stanton] proposed by his amend-
ment, not only to strike out the part which pro-
vides for an increase in the number of seamen, but
also a corresponding part of the appropriation.
If I understand it, the original amendment pro-
poses an increase of .one "thousand five hundred'
men, and that carries with it a portion of the
appropriation. If that is stricken out, a propor-
tionate part of the appropriation should also be
stricken out.
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. That follows, as a
matter of course.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. The amount
can be altered afterwards.
Mr. STUART. I ask for tellers upon the
amendment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Stanton of
Ohio, and Hart were appointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers
reported—ayes 54, noes 57; no quorum voting.
[Cries of " Call the roll!" ana "-Recount! ']
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. I would suggest
to the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Stanton,]
to modify his amendment so as to separate the in-
crease of pay from the increase of the number of
men.
Mr. TOOMBS. I move to reduce the appro-
priation one dollar.
