1853.
THE eONGRE&SrONAL GLOBE.
861
The CHAIRMAN. No amendment is in order
until the question has been taken on the pending
amendment.
By unanimous consent a recount was ordered;
and the tellers having resumed their places, the
House was again divided, and the tellers reported
.—ayes 73, noes not counted.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The question then recurring on the amendment
as amended,
Mr. TAYLOR called for the reading of the
amendment as modified by the amendment just
adopted.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. By the amend-
ment already adopted, the sum of $3,126,948 will
be reduced to $2,879,448, allowing ten per cent,
bounty to each seaman now in the Navy.
The amendment as amended was then read, as
follows:
"Two million eight hundred and seventy nine thousand
frtir hundred and forty-eight dollars, provided the seamen,
ordinary seamen, landsmen, and boys, hereafter to be em-
ployed, be paid, and the Secretary of the Navy is hereby
autiipnzed to pay, at his discretion, in the form of bounty,
ten per cent, in addition to the present rate of pay."
Mr. MEADE. I move to amend the amend-
ment, by increasing the amount one hundred dof-
lars, and I do it simply for the purpose of sub-
mitting a few remarks to the committee. If I
understood the tenor of the remarks of the gen-
tleman from Tennessee [Mr. Stanton] when he
first addressed the committee, he intends to offer a
series of propositions for tbe purpose of strength-
ening the naval service of the United States. I am
in favor of that object; and for the purpose of in-
forming myself, I have had before me for the last
few days, a statement showing the comparative
strength of the British and other navies of the
•world with that of the United States; and I am
clearly of opinion that it is our dnty, and that it
is sound policy on our part, in the present critical
condition of our foreign affairs, to increase our
naval strength; not with the view stated by the
gentleman from Georgia, to create a balance of
power between this country and Europe, but for
the necessary purpose of protecting our own ma-
rine, and of carrying out our own legitimate ob-
jects.
Here is a late publication by the British author-
ities, containing a list of their Navy; and by com-
paring it with our Navy Register, as lately made
up, you will find a difference to exist of seven
Tiundred per cent, between the naval strength of
Great Bntain and that of the United States; and
the same may be said of the naval strength of
Prance, less twenty per cent, from that of Great
Britain.
Great Britain has at this time, of sailing vessels,
394; the United States 59; making a difference of
355. Her guns are 13,067; those of the United
States 2,067; making a difference of 11,'000, The
steam navy of Great Britain, at the time of file
publication of this pamphlet, 1852, was 151 steal-
ers; that of the United States 16; making a differ-
ence of 134. The guns of the Bmish steam navy
are 1,273; ours 63; making a difference of 1,210.
The total Ships of Great Britain, including her
steam and sailing vessels, are 545, with 14,340 guns;
those of the United States 75, with 2,047 guns;
making a difference of 470 vessels, and 12,293
gans.
Now, sir, our largest steam-vessel carries but
10 guns. Great Britain has 33 steam vessels car-
rying from 10 to 100 guns each; 14 of these carry
from 30 to 100 guns each. Of 151 steamships
belonging: to Great Britain, 41 are screw-propellers,
carrying from 12 to 100 guns each. To these may
be added some 50 or 60 mail steamers, convertible
into war steamers whenever she thinks proper.
[Here the hammer fell.]
■Mr. VENABLE. I am opposed to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Virginia.
Mr. MEADE. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. VENABLE. If the gentleman withdraws
his amendment, I have nothing to say.
No objection was made, and the amendment was
■ -withdrawn.
Mr. PRICE. I offer to amend the amendment
by striking out "ten per cent." and inserting
" twenty-five per cent.
Sir, it is very manifest that we cannot obtain a
sufficient number of seamen to man our naval ves-
sels, in consequence of the inadequacy of the com-
pensation they are now receiving. The object
which the Committee on Naval Affairs ha* in
recommending an increase of pay, is to furnish
our ships with the men who now refuse to enter
our naval service on account of the insufficiency
of the compensation given them by naval regula-
tion. The increase which is proposed in the
amendment is not enough to accomplish that pur-
pose, as is readily shown by the fact, that the sea-
men in our Navy receive only twelve dollars a '
month. The ten percent, which this amendment
contemplates, would only add a dollar and twenty
cents a month to his pay. That is not a sufficient
inducement to offer seamen to enlist in our Navy,
as it is far below what sailors receive in the mer-
chant service at this time. To landsmen, who
form a large portion of the crews of our vessels,
. and receive only nine dollars a month, you in-
crease the paV only ninety cents per month—an
increase which, in my judgment, is totally inef- ;
fectual for the object for which it is intended. 1
I have, therefore, moved to increase the pay
from ten to twenty-five percent. It is a matter of
the highest importance to this country that our
seamen should receive an adequate compensation
Tor their service; it is the best way of promoting
the character and efficiency of your vessels-of-war. .
In my opinion, they never have received a just 1
reward for their hard and exposed service; and,as i
an evidence of it, a frigate went to sea from Nor- 1
folk, a few days since, with only one half of the j
complement of men fixed by the regulation of the I
| Navy Department. j
j Now, when we attempt to deal with these sub-
: jects, we should deal in such a way as to reach
! the object contemplated. I believe, therefore, that
the amendment which I propose is only a just and
fair compensation, and will accomplish the object
of inducing seamen to enlist in our naval service,
| and give to our ships a better class ,of men, and
allow our vessels to go to sea, which the want of
seamen now prevents, because the seamen in the
Navy are not,as well paid as in the merchant ser- '
vice.
Mr. HOUSTON. I would inquire of the gen-
tleman whether the compensation of our seamen
is not exclusively regulated by the President of
the United States?
Mr. PRICE. He may have that authority,
but I believe that by this very amendment he will
be deprived of it.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then the President in his
discretion can give eight, ten, or twenty dollars
per month ?
Mr. PRICE. He has it in his power to regu-
late the pay of the seamen, but he has not seen fit
to exercise that power, and the pay of our seamen
is now what it wasjn the war of 1812.
Mr. CABELL, of Florida. I would ask of the
chairman of Ways and Means whether it is pos-
sible the President can exercise his discretion with
regard to the pay of the seamen without the ap-
propriation of money ? We only ask that this
appropriation shall be now made.
Mr. HOUSTON. That may be true; 1 do not j
oppose the amount of the appropriation. 1 oppose,
however, a change in the law until the Committee
on Naval Affairs bring forward a proposition to
regulate the whole subject. I am not sure but that
I should oppose the amendment, for I believe that
there is a balance in the Treasury under that head
■ as yet unexpended. !
Mr. PRICE. The Senate, at this very session,
passed a law now lying on your table, increasing j
the pay of seamen fifty per cent. I do not believe ;
that is any more than it ought to be increased by
this committee, and I propose the increase of twen- I
ty-five per cent, as a compromise between the two 1
Houses. i
[Here the hammer fell.] j
The question was then taken on the amend- j
ment to tbe amendment, and it was disagreed to. |
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I move to |
-strike out the proviso. It is now wholly unne- |
cessary, and ought to be stricken out.
Mr. CABELL. The increase of the appropri- j
ation f108,000 will afford only a bounty of ten per j
cent, to the seamen. I desire to increase the j
amount, so that the President may have it within j
his power to increase it to twenty-five per cent. |
The CHAIRMAN. Further amendment is
not at this time in order.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment of Mr. Stanton, striking: out the proviso,
was agreed to.
Mr. CA'BELL. I move to atnend by adding
to the amount $172,000.
The CHAIRMAN. The last amendment
adopted was in the nature of a substitute, and the
Chair is inclined to the opinion that it is not
amendable.
The question was then taken on the amendment
of Mr. Stanton, of Tennessee, as amended, and
it was agreed to.
Mr. CABELL. Is it now in order for me to
offer an amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not in order to strike
out words already inserted, but amendments may
be made by way of addition.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Ways and Means to offer the following
amendment, to come in after the seventeenth line:
For the conpletion of scientific investigation and experi-
ments on the character Of alimentary substances used as
subsistence in the Navy, and means to prevent their dete-
rioration, $5,000, to be expended under tbe direction of tbe
Secretary of the Navy.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was adopted.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I now pro-
pose the amendment indicated in my remarks this
morning:
For building, equipping, and arming, as screw propel-
lers, three frigates and three sloops of-war, $2,500,000:
Provided, At least two of said frigates shall be built by con-
tract with Captain John Ericsson, to be fitted with his ca-
loric engine, upon such terms and conditions as the Pres-
ident may prescribe or accept.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I now raise the
point that an amendment authorizing the construc-
tion of new vessels is not in order to this bill.
Mr. TOOMBS. And you are right about that.
Mr. JONES. In reply to a remark made by
my colleague this morning, 1 will say that the pre-
vention of. committees from reporting does not
stand to my charge. I have always endeavored
to have committees called on for reports, and the
business of the House regularly conducted under
the rules.
A Member. You would not come to the night
sessions!
Mr. JONES. No, I would not.
The CHAIRMAN. On the ground that there
is no existing law authorizing the construction of
these ships, the Chair decides the amendment to
be out of order.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. Is there not
a law for the establishment of a Navy? Does not
the amendment provide for the construction of a
portion of the ships of the Navy, and is there any
one here who will pretend to say that it is not au-
thorized by law ?
The CHAIRMAN. As the Chair understands
it, an amendment is not in order to bills of this
character in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, unless it be to carry out the
purpose of some existing law 
j Mr. STANTON. Or to carry on some Depart-
ment of the Government, or some work already
i in prosecution.
j The CHAIRMAN. The Chair also under-
stands that the law in relation to the Navy, author-
izes the Department to repair, but not to construct
i ships.
Mr. STANTON. There is no law authorizing
repairs, except the annual appropriation bills.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has made his
decision.
Mr. STANTON. I am under the necessity of
taking an appeal.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state the
question. An amendment has been presented by
the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Stanton] for
construction of certain ships. The Chair decides the
amendment to be out of order, on the ground that
there is no existing law authorizing the construc-
tion of those ships. The question now is, " Shall
the decision of the Chair stand as the judgment of
the committee ?"
Mr. STANTON. I demand tellers.
■Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Robbins and
Gatlobd were appointed.
The question was taken, and the decision of the
Chair was sustained, the tellers having reported—
ayes 61, noes 60.
The following clause of the bill was then read:
" For repair of vessels in ordinary, and for wear and tear
of vessels in commission, iocliidiog/uel and purchase of
hemp, $1,700,000."
J Mr. STANTON. I move to amend the above
by striking out "#1,700,000," and inserting
