1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
863
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi. I move to strike
out one dollar from the amendment. I am op-
posed to the amendment of the honorable chair-
man of the Naval Committee, [Mr. Stanton.]
As was well said by the honorable gentleman from
Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,] so long as we have a
Navy, these appropriations are absolutely neces-
sary. It is not because I am apprehensive the
amendment is going to prevail that I have taken
the floor. It is not possible that this House can
commit any such folly. I rise to repel wholesale
denunciations, suchas wehave just heard. These
attacks upon the Navy, such as were made by the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Sweetser,] are be-
coming quite two common. There was a day
when the Navy was regarded as the right arm of
your public service, and it was rightfully so re-
garded. Its efficiency was the fruitful theme of
universal eulogy. It was pointed to as one of the
chief glories of the Republic.
Mr. TOOMBS. And it was.
Mr.BROW.N. It has always done its duty.
When did that arm of the Government fail to per-
form its whole duty ? Was it in the war of 1812,
when upon every sea your sailors covered them-
selves with imperishable glory and undying honors?
Was it before Tripoli, or in the Mediterranean, or
was it during the late war with Mexico? Aregen-
tlemen ready to maintain that the Navy did not
maintain itselfin thatwar? Wasthereanythingfor
the Navy to do ? Will youilemand great deeds of
the Navy when there is nothing for the Navy to do
—no opposing force? Mexico had no navy afloat,
and how could the Navy aid in a war conducted
wholly on dry land? The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Sweetser] speaks sneeringly of these old
commodores, and taunts them with a want of effi-
ciency. The reproach is gratuitous and unjust.
I listen to such declarations with no degree of
pleasure. The-e old men have performed gallant
service, when the country needed their services;
and when 1 am present there shall never be want-
ing a voice to defend them against insult and re-
proach. There is not a man among them all who
has not done honor to the Navy, and to the glo-
rious flag under which it floats. If you shall
again have war with Great Britain, or any other
powerful nation, a nation that sets a navy upon
the water worthy the steel of our gallant tars, I
am notafraid to say that these " old commodores"
will do honorable service for their country, and
again shed glory upon the Navy. The honorable
gentleman from Ohio,like myself, is a land-lubber
—a backwoodsman—and it ill becomes either he
or 1 to criticise a service about which we know as
little as these old commodores do of legislation.
Let every man to his trade.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I was speak-
ing of ships.
Mr. BROWN. I know the gentleman was
speaking of ships. But the gentleman from Ten-
nessee says let this old Navy rot down. I hope
not. I hope the Navy will be maintained, and
that it will be regenerated. Reform abuses and
improve its efficiency, but do not let it rot down.
It comes with a bad grace from the honorable
chairman of the Committee on Naval Affairs to
make such declarations. It is not for him to strike
the first blow towards paralyzing this good right
arm of our national defense.
The gentleman has been charged, in days gone
by, with being somewhat extravagant in making
appropriations for the Navy. I suppose he means
to escape that charge in future, asjie now comes
forward with the proposition to lePlhe Navy rot
down. I repeat, that I hope it may never rot, but
that it may stand a perpetual bulwark to our com-
merce on every sea; the terror of our enemies and
the pride and glory of the Republic. '
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire, if I can, to speak
to the precise point involved. I desire to read a
paragraph or two from the report of Commodore !
Shubrick, which I think escaped the attention ofi
the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Stanton,]
or he would not have made the motion, even after j
the defeat of the amendment which he proposed :
in the earlier part of the day. After giving the
reasons why this item was increased for the cur-
rent year, Commodore Shubrick says:
" ft would therefore be sound economy, even if it should ,
be deemed that we have a sufficient number of ships in the I
water fbr the current service of tile Navy, to discontinue
the ut* of mum of the oldest, and introduce other* in their 1
stead by launching tile two frigates Saline and Santee, lhat
have b«en on the stocks since 1823, and by building some
sloops-of-war."
Further down the Commodore says:
"Provision has been made in the estimate for repairing
the Franklin seventy lour, reducing her to a razee nl fifty
guns, and the Constellation frigate of thirty six guns, re-
ducing her to a first-class sloop-of-war, by which two valu-
able cruising vessels would be made available.
" 11 has also been necessary to increase the estimate for
•fuel for steamers,'in consequence of the employment
of several steamers on very distant service, the purchase of
coal at high prices, at places where the supply is not abun-
dant, being sometimes unavoidable."
The gentleman from,Tennessee [Mr. Stanton]
will see that the appropriation contained in this
item is not alone confined to the usual items and
purposes heretofore embraced, but it is for the
purpose of launching the two frigates spoken of,
and for the repairs done upon the Franklin and the
Constellation. I do not know the precise amount
which should be stricken from this item for the
vessels about which I have just been reading. As
these vessels are, in the estimation of the officers
having charge of that Department of the Govern-
ment, considered essential to that service, and as
the gentlemen from Tennessee seems to predicate
his remarks upon the idea that the House would
. not increase the number of ships of the Navy as
he had estimated for, I think that we should not
agree to his amendment.
The question was taken, and the amendment
j was disagreed to.
Mr. SWEETSER. 1 move to strikeout the
whole of the appropriation, and I do it in order
| that 1 may not be misunderstood upon this sub-
J ject. I did not design, in the remarks which 1
submitted to the committee, to detract from the
i honor of the American Navy. I have attempted
1 to call the attention of the committee and of the
country to the fact that there have been grave
abuses tolerated in the Navy and in the adminis-
tration of the Navy Department, for the purpose
of regulating and reforming the practice in relation
to it. My honorable friend from Mississippi [Mr.
Brown] has misunderstood me. 1 glory as much
as any man in the achievements of our Navy in
, times long past. Yet I must say, that in our re- ,
cent war with Mexico, our Navy did not particu-
larly distinguish itself,—it may be for the reason
, to which I alluded, a want of efficiency in our
naval vessels; possibly, in some instances, a want
of energy in a commanding officer.
Sir, I cannot be driven from my position that
our naval vessels are most of them antiquated,
and should be laid up or sunk, and new vessels
built upon the present improved models, with effi-
cient armaments, and commanded by active and
ambitious officers, who will vie with men engaged
in other branches of the public service. Provide
for the superannuated officers in some way consist-
ent with, national honor, and relieve the service
from their inactivity, encourage a spirit of emula-
tion, and it may be wise to create additional
! rank, but limit the pay to actual service, and con-
< tinue no more officers upon the list than the pub-
lic service requires. To this point the navy and
j its officers must come. Sir, tne country will not
| submit to the payment of near five millions per
l annum to men who are waiting orders. That
class of men, like all other public servants, will
have orders to quit the public Treasury.
It is said by my honorable friend that these old
commodores have performed gal Ian t services; which
I do not deny. They were well paid for it, and
have done no more than their duty,and the coun-
try is under no obligation to continue their sala-
ries.
Sir, there is but one rule upon the subject of
salaries, which should pervade all branches of the
public service, which is, pay for all services lib-
erally and promptly; when the service ceases, stop
the pay. That is republican doctrine, and should
have universal application.
My friend seems to think that a man from the
interior is incapable of appreciating this subject of
the Navy. I impute no such want of information
to him, and do not admit its application to myself.
The abuses of which I complain would never be
brought to the attention of the country by Rep-
resentatives whose friends and relatives upon the
tea-board are the recipients of the public bounty.
I have ventured to give my views frankly and
honestly. The House and the country can take
them for what they are worth. 1 shall be content
with the iaaue. I
I hope that the House will indicate this dispo-
I sition to correct existing abuses, and draw the
i distinction between what is acknowledged to be
abuse and the real wants of the Navy, in order to
l' make it what it should be.
The details of a system of reform I have not
pretended to intimate; at the proper time, when
the subject comes fairly before the House for
action, I have no doubt there will be those
here who will take care that existing abuses be
rectified, and a radical reform in the whole system
perfected.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Th® CHAIRMAN. The Chair has perhapa
fallen into a slight error in permitting the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Sweet-
ser,] which is to strike out the entire appropria-
tion, to be discussed. It is in order to perfect the
phraseology before the question is taken on striking
out the whole.
Mr. MILLSON. I move to amend theamend-
ment of the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
Stanton,] by substituting, as the amount to be
appropriated, $2,700,000.
Mr. Chairman, I trust the committee will
come to the consideration of this matter with the
calmness and composure which its great import-
ance certainly demands. I regret the feeling lhat
has been displayed in the coarse-of this disci{jpion.
I regret, too, that the chairman of the Committee
on Naval Affairs has offered an amendment pro-
posing to reduce the appropriation $700,000. The
sum is already below the estimate of the Depart-
ment, and 1 desire to ask the chairman of the
Committee on Ways and Means why the amount
estimated by the Secretary of the Navy has been
I reduced from $2,768,450, as I find it in the printed
estimates, to $1,700,000?
1 Mr. HOUSTON. If the gentleman from Vir-
ginia had only looked at the estimates, he would
have seen why it was reduced. It was reduced
because the special estimates for the building of
new vessels were referred to another committee.
Mr. MILLSON. Well, 1 am glad to hear that
explanation, because I supposed the amount in-
tended for equipment and repair had been reduced
by the Committee on Ways and Means. Now,
as I have great confidence in the distinguished
gentleman who presides over the Navy Depart-
ment, I feel no hesitation in sustaining his recom-
mendations on this subject. Sir, the appropria-
tion is not too large, and, perhaps, consideiing the
increase of our Navy, it ts hardly large enough.
We have now some seventy-five vessels in all, and
will any one say that $1,700,000 is too large an
appropriation for the equipment and repair of
seventy-five vessels? The House will remember
that several of these, and among them three or
four steam-frigates of the first class, have been
recently built. Do we not, then, require a greater
expenditure for these objects ihan we did some
years ago ? And yet the amount now proposed
to be expended for repair and equipment is less
than was appropriated seven or eight years ago.
In 1847 we appropriated $2,500,000, and in 1848
$2,531,000; anil now, with an increased necessity
for expenditure, it is only proposed to appropriate
$1,700,000. If gentlemen are not willing to place
confidence in the present administration of the
Navy Department, do they believe that this money
will be improvidently expended by the gentleman,
< whoever he may be, who will in a few days suc-
| ceed to that office ?
The disbursement of this money is an adminis-
trative duty. It is not for Congress to determine
what vessels are worthy of repair and what ought
to be allowed to decay. I take for granted that if
any vessel in the Navy is so much decayed as to
be incapable of being repaired with advantage, the
Administration will not direct it to be repaired.
Let us trust them. They certainly must know
better what ought to be done in such case than
we possibly can. It is, I repeat, an administrative
duty, and I believe that neither the present nor
the future Secretary of the Navy will squander or
misapply the funus that we may appropriate.
Let us not be afraid to trust them with the man-
agement and disposition of the old hulks of which
gentlemen have spoken.
Sir, as to the officers of the Navy, against whom
we hear so much complaint, and who, by-the-by,
expose themselves to it very often by joining in
this cry against the present inefficiency of the
Navy, I take thia opportunity to say, that I do
