864
1PHE COKGRiBSSmNAL GLOBE.
Feb. 25,
not believe the Navy was ever more efficient than
it is now. 1 know many of these officers, of every
rank, and they do themselves injustice; and let
me tell them, they do themselves injury, too, by
these complaints. I know there are some discon-
tents among them, with which I cannot say that
I myself sympathize; but I do not believe there
ever was a time when there was more of valor, of
skill, or of science, in that branch of the public
service than is to be found in it at the present
time.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. CARTTER. Mr. Chairman, the charac-
ter of this debate seems to involve the present effi-
ciency of the Navy both as it regards the crafts
and the craftsmen. As I understand it, the issue j
is made on the one side, that the Navy ought to
be reformed, regenerated, vitalized; and on the
other, that it is as valiant as it ever was. That
is the issue made by my friend from the Norfolk
district of Virginia, [Mr. Millson,] the navy- j
yard district. [A laugh.] The history of the war
of 1812, and of the war with Mexico, is referred
to by the gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr.
Brown,] in vindication of that branch of the ser-
vice. Vve are told, as another proposition, to
place implicit confidence in the administrative in-
telligence and integrity of the Navy Department.
WBhny friend from Norfolk inform me why a
resolution, introduced into this House more than
six weeks ago, calling upon that branch of the
Government to inform us now and with what effi-
ciency the enormous and unreturned expenditure
of this Government from year to year is met, has
not been answered? Will he till me why we were
not put in possession of the facts before we entered
upon the consideration of this naval bill ?
The resolution was introduced for the purpose
of obtaining information upon which we might
found intelligent action in relation to these Navy j I
reforms.
Mr. MILLSON. Does the gentleman desire ,1
an answer.' :
Mr. CARTTER. Yes, sir, I would like an |
answer. ;
Mr. MILLSON. Having a great desire to see [
that report myself, on yesterday I went to the
Department and inquired in relation to it. The
Chief of the Bureau of Construction and Repairs
told me that they were engaged in preparing it,
and that it would be submitted to the House in
The question was then taken, and Mr. Stan-
ton 's amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. BROOKS. I wish to offer the following
j amendment, to come in after the twenty-third line;
i Provided, That in ease the repairs of vessels wAuld coat
1 more than to build new ones, the Secretary of the Navy
may use this appropriation for the construction of such new
vessels as he may deem advisable.
I Mr. ORR. That amendment is the same in
substance as one which has just been ruled out of
order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of opinion |
that upon the same principle which the committee j
have decided, this amendment is not in order. I
Mr. BROOKS. I will then withdraw that '
amendment and submit one in the twenty-first line.
I move to strike out the word " ordinary."
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. There was a
motion to strike out the whole clause, which was
voted down; and after a motion haB been made and
lost to strike out the whole of a section, a motion
to strike out any part of that section cannot be
made.
Mr. BROOKS. Mr. Chairman, my object in
offering this amendment is to explain what 1 think
the House do not understand.
Mr. ORR. I rise to a question of order. I sub-
mit that we have passed the section to which the
gentleman has offered this amendment, and that it 1
is not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point, and decides the amendment to be out of or-
der.
Mr. BROOKS. Then I move to insert at the
end of the twenty-third line, the following:
would be necessary to construct new ones. The
Navy cannot be permitted to go down, and if we
cannot build new ships, we must keep in repair the
old ones.
Mr. HOUSTON. I think a conclusive answer
to the gentleman's argument can be made in a few
words. The gentleman says they would have to
be at the expense of tearing down the hulk of an
old vessel when it would be worth $50,000 or
$60,000 to the Government, and then build a new
one upon it, and that therefore it would cost more
to repair the old one than it would to build a new
one. Why, Mr. Chairman, if the hulk of that old
vessel is worth $60,000, then it is worth some-
thing to build upon. If it is worth $60,000 to
anybody else, it is worth that to the Government.
Is it not absurd, then, to present an argument that
when the hulk of a vessel is worth $60,000, it
would cost more to construct a new one upon it
than it would to construct a new one altogether?
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. If the gen-
tleman will allow me; there have been instances
where vessels have been torn down to a single
stick of timber, and then new vessels built upon
that. A vessel that may not be useful for this
purpose to the Government, may be useful for
other purposes.
Mr. HOUSTON. A single stick of timber
could not be worth $60,000, so that does not bring
my friend out of his difficulty.
Mr. BROOKS. I will take the case of a ship-
of-war whose hulk could be sold out at auction
for $50,000 or $60,000. But by the provisions of
your law it cannot be sold. It is not of any use
to construct a new one upon, and therefore you
repair vessels when the repairs would cost more than to
build new one*.
Mr. CHAIRMAN. That is in order.
Mr. BROOKS. In stating my proposition, I
state the argument I wish to offer, which is to
| show where it costs more to repair a vessel than
to build one, the repairing should not be attempt-
ed. Take for an illustration of my meaning, such
a ship as the Macedonia,—although that is not an
exactly parallel case;—and therefore take the case
of the Princeton, which it cost more to repair
than would have been the cost of an entirely new !
Princeton. !
In the case of the Princeton there was a great <
deal of money and labor of the mechanics ex-
pended to break down the hulk of the old Prince-
ton; and secondly, there was money enough ex-
pended to build a new Princeton, after the old one
had been broken down and destroyed. Such is
now the absurdity of the existing law, and such
is the necessity of keeping up the Navy, that the
Navy Department is obliged to incur the expend-
iture of destroying an old vessel, which perhaps
might be worth $30,000 or $40,000, if sold at auc-
tion, in order to make a new vessel to be built out
of the old one, with exactly the same same.
Now, my idea and my proposition is, that in cases
like the'one I have mentioned, where the repairs
of an old vessel will eostmore than to build a new
one, that the Secretary of the Navy may be au- j
. - thorized to build the new one. But such is the
war with Mexico. Why, the only achievements construction which the committee have given to
Iheard of in connection with that war were these: the rules of the House, that I do not know just
louse m i
the course of a few days.
Mr. CARTTER. The information is very
satisfactory, as far as my friend from Virginia is
able to give it. It requires the administrative
officers of the Navy six weeks to report to the
House the balance-sheets from their books in ref-
erence to the expenditure of this Department; now
then, in the rule of proportion, how long would it
take for them to prepare for war, to protect the
glory and honor of the country?
Mr. BOWNE. If they had to wait for this
Congress to make appropriations, it would take a
long time.  
Mr. CARTTER. It is said that the Navy is
efficient. My friend from Mississippi (Mr.
Brown] referred to their achievements in the late
There were ten thousand soldiers lying land-bound
at New Orleans, waiting to be transported across
the Gulf. But two American frigates, manned bv
these valiant gentlemen, refused to transport them
because it was beneath their dignity, and they
were obliged to be shipped on board of third-class
merchantmen, and thug to encounter the winds
and waves of a stormy Gulf. That is one in-
stance of their efficiency. Another is this, and it
is the only Navy achievement I have heard of:
They took Alvarado with a sloop and one gun
[laughter] by Lieutenant Hunter. And what did
they do with him when they found it out? They
took him and cashiered him for it. [Much laugh-
teJ-j That is the only valiant achievement I heard
of by this right arm of the service.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. CART PER. 1 will deliver the balance the
next time I get the floor. [Laughter.]
Mr. MILLSON. I offered my amendment for
the purpose of enabling me to obtain some inform-
ation, and if there be no objection, I will now
withdraw it.
There was no objection, and the amendment
was accordingly withdrawn.
Provided, That no sums of money shall be expended to 1 must be at the expense of tearing it down, and
pair vessels when the renaire would cost more than to i j destroying it almost entirely, leaving in one case
I which is known, only a single stick of timber.
J Then, after you have torn it down, you must in-
; cur the expense of rebuilding it.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the purchaser of that hulk
should obtain it to build upon, he would have to
do precisely what the gentleman says, and it seems
to me a singular argument, that an individual
would pay $60,000 for a single stick of timber.
Why, sir, the hulk is worth as much to the Gov-
ernment to build upon as it would be to an indi-
vidual. The argument will not do. If gentlemen
desire to get clear of the ships now in the Navy,
let them bring forward a proposition in the legit-
imate manner, by a separate bill. Let them, as
the gentleman from Georgia {Mr. Toombs] very
properly observed, bring forward a proposition
to reform the Navy, to dispense with the old
ships, and to build new ones, where the subject
may be examined and properly discussed.
Mr. BOCOCK. I ask the gentleman from Al-
abama, if every proposition for the reform of the
Navy which has been brought forward, has not
been voted down by this House, and 1 ask the
gentleman if it has not been done by his assist-
ance?
Mr. HOUSTON. I may differ with my friend
from Virginia as to what is reform in the Navy.
I take it for granted that the propositions which
have been voted down in this committee to-day,
Were propositions which were determined by this
committee not to be reforms; and I may be consid-
ered properly in the line of my duty when I so
consider them, and vote with a large majority of
the House.
Mr. MILLSON. I move to amend by adding
at the end of the amendment offered by the gen-
now how to get at what I want. The chairman
of the Committee on Naval Affairs [Mr. Stanton]
was ruled out of order in presenting estimates that
the Committee on Ways and Means had turned
over to his committee to act upon, and hence, he
cannot now, in order, get before the House the
usual estimates of this Department of the Gov- >
ernment. What is the use of a Committee on
tleman fromj^ew York, the following:
Except in th™ ase of the frigate Constitution
    I desire to make a single suggestion. I am op-
Naval Affairs, Mr. Chairman, which can never i Posed to this whole amendment, but as it may be
report in order, or amend a bill in order, when re- 1 adopted, I desire to except from its provisions the
ported by the Committee on Ways and Means? frigate Constitution.
indeed, what is the use of any other committee,
except that committee to which I have the honor
to belong—the Committee on Ways and Means—
which is the only committee always in order to
bring a bill before the House.
I submit my amendment, and will let it stand
! as I have offered it, because I cannot get in the
one I want, although I think even this may do in-
jury to the Navy, in not enabling it to keep itself
up, though at far greater expense than would be
the building of new ship*. It will be better, even,
; if Congress will build no new ships, to repair the
j old ones when they are wanted, though at an ad-
i ditional cost of $50,000 or $100,000 mora than
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Will the gen-
tleman give way for a motion that the committee
do now rise?
Mr. MILLSON. Not yet.
Mr. HOUSTON. I think myfriend from Vir-
ginia has fallen into the same error which the gen-
tletnan from Tennessee did a few moments ago,
while addressing the committee. The report to
which he refers does not say that these ships are
entirely useless. I have read that report, and I
will state what he does say. The Commodore
says that a number of these ships may, in a few
years, be rendered useless, because of the improve-
ments which are being made in the construction
