THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
38d Cotrauui, 2t> Stittoir.
SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 36, 1853.
New Series....No. 55.
of veseels in the Navy. That is what he says, ,
and that is the reason he gives. It is not because
of the condition of the hulks now.
The gentleman from Virginia ia mistaken, I
think, in this. Even the amendment of the gen-
tleman from New York would not, under any
circumstance*, apply to the Constitution, or the
Franklin, for the reason—and I rely upon the
statement of Commodore Shubrick—that they
may, by repair, be made valuable vessels.
Mr. STEPHENS. I move that the committee
do now rise.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose, and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, the chairman of the
committee (Mr. Kino, of New York) reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union had, according to order, had the
Mate of the Union generally under consideration,
and particularly House bill No. 342, making ap-
propriations for the naval service for the year end-
ing the 30th of June, 1854, and had come to no
resolution thereon.
PERSONAL SECRETARY OF THE INTERIOR.
Mr. LETCHER. 1 rise to a privileged ques-
tion. It will be recollected that on yesterday an
allusion was made to the Secretary of the Interior—
who ia a friend and constituent of mine—in regard
to what was then represented to be a particular
abuse in the instance then specified by my friend
from Tennessee, [Mr. Gentry.] I have received
from the Secretary of the Interior this morning a
detailed statement of the facts of 
Mr. CL1NGMAN. I rise to a question of or-
der. 1 am perfectly willing that by general con-
sent, the gentleman should make his statement,
but I object to it as a question of privilege. By
general consent, I hope the gentleman will be per-
mitted to make the statement.
Mr. GAYLORD. I object.
Mr. LETCHER. It strikes me that it should
be a question of privilege, that where an official is
arraigned on this floor, he should have the privi-
lege to be heard upon the same theater on which
ke was arraigned.
Mr. CLINGMAN. He has no more right to
be heard than any other person in the nation. I
do not object to it.
Mr. LETCHER. If there is any objection, I
move to suspend the rules to enable me to make
the statement, and to present these papers.
Mr. ORR. Can the rules be suspended for any
such puipose?
The SPEAKER. There is no doubt about that.
Mr. HART. 1 would ask the gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. Letcher,] if the Secretary cannot
accomplish his purpose by having the papers
printed, and sent to each member of Congress ?
Mr. LETCHER. If the gentleman will be
patient, I will tell him what I want.
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. Letcher to suspend the rules, and there
were, on a division—ayes 86, noes 28; no quorum
voting. 
Mr. STUART. I ask for tellers on the mo-
tion.
Mr. GAYLORD. I move that the House do
now adjourn. ✓
The question was taken, and there were, on a
division—ayes 43, noes 85.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs upon
the motion to suspend the rules.
Mr. STUART. Upon that question, I demand
tellers. I hope the House will not suspend them.
Mr. LETCHER. 1 ask justice for a man who
has been assailed. That is what I want, and I
hope the House will suspend the rules.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia will be kind enough to send the papers to
the Clerk's table.
Mr. LETCHER. Unless the House desires to
have the papers read, I do not care about doing
that. All I want ia, to have the papers go upon
the same record which contains these charges
against the Secretary of the Interior.
65
The SPEAKER. The Chair only intended to |
get before the House the distinct motion, so that :
the Journal could be made up correctly.
Mr. LETCHER. My proposition was to sus-
pend the.rules, so as to enable me to present these
papers to the House, which I have been requested
to do by a constituent of mine, who was arraigned
here on yesterday, upon a charge then stated upon
this floor. I ask no more for nim than ought to
be accorded to any man in this House, when he
is arrainged here for misconduct, and when those
charges go upon the record. I ask that he shall
be permitted to respond to them.
Mr. ORR. I suppose that by unanimous con-
sent the papers can appear in the Globe, and in
the morning every member can read them.
Mr. LETCHER. There is nothing in the
papers disrespectful to the House.
Mr. ORR. I did not suppose there was.
[Cries of " Read !"«'Read !"]
Mr. CABLE, of Ohio. I object to the reading.
The SPEAKER. There is a motion pending
to suspend the rules.
Mr. LETCHER. If it is understood that these
papers go into the Congressional Globe as a part
of the proceedings of the House, I will withdraw
my motion to suspend the rules.
Mr. ORR. That will be satisfactory.
Mr. LETCHER. The papers contain nothing
persona], but only a mere statement of facts. 1
withdraw my motion with that understanding.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I cannot consent to that
until I hear the papers reed. I understood the
Chair to announce that, by general consent, the
papers would be published. I have not given
any such consent.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has issued no
such order. He has no control whatever over the
Globe in regard to it.
Mr. BRAGG. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to take up Senate bill No. 586, to
extend preemption rights to unsurveyed sections
granted to railroads.
Mr. GOODENOW. I object.
Mr. BRAGG. Then I move to suspend the
rules for that purpose.
Mr. STANLY. I rise to a question of order.
We had a proposition to have certain papers read
with a view of having them printed. That ques-
tion is not yet disposed of.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Letcher] withdrew his motion to
suspend the rules.
Mr. STANLY. But the quetfjen still is, "Shall
th«y be printed?"
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Williams] says he objects to any
motion.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I object to their being
printed unless we know what they are.
Mr. LETCHER. I think I can obviate any
difficulty by moving; to suspend the rules for the
purpose of having the papers read.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ala-
bama [Mr. Bragg] has been recognized by the
Chair. That subject has passed from before the
House by the withdrawal of the motion to sus-
pend the rules for the purpose of introducing the
papers.
Mr. BRAGG. I ask unanimous consent to take
up Senate bill No. 586.
Mr. EVANS. I rise to a question of order. 1
want to understand the facts elearly before I go
further. 1 understood thegentleman from Virginia
[Mr. Letcher] to withdraw his motion to suspend
the rules, on condition that the papers should be
printed in the Congressional Globe.
Mr. Letcher. that was so.
Mr. EVANS. But the gentleman from Ten-
nessee objected to their being printed in the Globe,
and you neither retain one subject or the other.
My point of order is, that the subject is still before
the House, and I move that the papers be read.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that the
subject passed from before the body upon the
withdrawal, by the gentleman from Virginia, of
his motion to suspend the rules. It is not for.the
Speaker to issue an order as to what shall become
of them. The gentleman from Alabama [Mr.
Bragg] is upon the floor, and has a right to be
heard.
Mr. WILLIAMS. At the suggestion of friends,
I withdraw my opposition to printing the papers
in the Globe.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I object, and I rise
to a question of privilege. I say that when a mem-
ber of this House makes a charge against a public
officer liable to impeachment, which charge ren-
ders an impeachment proper and necessary, and
that officer has sent into this House a statement
in respect to that matter, which statement, if 1
may speak technically, is a plea to the charge, it
is emphatically a question of privilege—not a
privileged question— a question of privilege, and
it is due to the party accused that ne should be
heard.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the point
of order made by the gentleman from Virginia.
Mr. BAYLY. Very well; then I appeal from
the decision of the Chair.
Mr. ORR. I move to lay the appeal upon the
table.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I think the gentleman from
Virginia will withdraw his appeal when he re-
members that when an attack is msde upon a
member of this House, it is not a privileged ques-
tion for him to defend himself, ana he can only do
it by the general consent of the House. There is
no rule or order which makes it a privileged ques-
tion. I desire to have the papers come in,but it is
not necessary that we should sit here and hear
them rend. Gentlemen want to go on with other
matters.
The SPEAKER. In regard to printing the pa-
' pers in the Globe, will gentlemen inquire what
power they have to print the papers in that form >
If unanimous consent was given, could you co-
erce the order upon the Globe ?
Mr. STANLY. Yes, sir. '
The SPEAKER. How?
Mr. STANLY. By dismissing the whole con-
cern if they did not do it.
Mr. BAYLY. I wish the indulgence of the
House for a moment.
Mr. HART. I dislike to disoblige my friend,
but I must object.
Mr. BAYLY. As the Chair indulged the gen-
tleman from North Carolina, [Mr. Clingman,] I
, have the right to say a word.
The SPEAKER. The Chair hopes that the
gentleman from Virginia will be heard for a mo-
, ment in defense of his position, at least until he
' can state what his position is.
, i Mr. BAYLY. The gentleman from North Car-
! olina says, that if a member of this House is
assailed, it does not follow that he has a right to
reply. That does not meet the case at all. Here
is an officer of the Government liable to impeach-
ment. He is a man who was pronounced on yes-
, terday to be worthy of impeachment. The two
! cases do not stand on the same footing,
i Mr. HART. I call the gentleman to order.
| The SPEAKER. If thegentleman rises in his
place, and presents articles ofimpeachment against
a public officer, the Chair's decision might be a
I different one. Does the gentleman state that such
i is his object ?
Mr. BAYLY. That is not my object; but I
I beg leave to say, that inquiry is necessary before
j' impeachment. Understanding is necessary before
I action. That is what I undertake to say.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will not detain
1 the body by giving reasons for his decision. He
will decide merely that it is not a question of priv-
filr. PHELPS. I move that the appeal be laid
I on the table.
j Mr. STANLY. The question now is on lav-
ing on the table the appeal from a decision of the
i Chair on a point of order raised with reference to
I certain papers brought before the House. 1 de-
! mand that those papers shall be read. We cannot
j vote unless we know what they are.
1 [Cries of "Read them!"]
