ms.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
867
times that I intended to call up on particular days.
Unless it be disposed of this morning, there will
be no chance for it this session, while I remain in
the Senate. I refer to the bill granting lands to
Louisiana to aid in preventing the inundations of
the Mississippi. It was reported by the Commit-
tee on Public Lands early at the last session, and
I shall make but a very few remarks upon it.
The Senator from Ohio has an amendment to
offer to the bill, which I shall not object to. I
hope the Senator from Virginia will give me till
twelve o'clock to dispose of that bill.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope the Senator from
Louisiana will excuse me for not yielding to his
request. I would give way to him as soon as to
any one in the Senate, but minutes are now worth
thousands, yea, sir, hundreds of thousands to the
country, for it is important that we should dispose
of our business in tolerable order, and with some
reasonable accuracy and dispatch.
Mr. RUSK. I would vote cheerfully with the
Senator from Virginia to take up theNmilitary ap-
propriation bill, if anything could be accomplished
by so doing.
Mr. HUNTER. We can pass it in a short
time.
Mr. RUSK. I think not. Gentlemen are mov-
ing amendments to the bill, and it will share ex-
actly the fate of all the appropriation bills for the
last two or three years. All the amendments will
go to a committtee of conference, and they will de-
cide at last. I therefore regard the time to-day as
thrown away to a very great extent which we
shall devote to the consideration of that bill. I do
not think its passage will be facilitated by taking
it up this morning. The honorable Senator from
Louisiana has given notice at various times that
he would call up his bill. He has yielded very
frequently, and I am satisfied that his bill will
consume very little, if any, time at all; and I sin-
cerely hope that he will have an opportunity of
bringing it up. Therefore, anxious as I am to
dispose of the Army appropriation bill, 1 must
vote against taking it up now, because I think the
result, any how, will be, that a committee of con-
ference will regulate the whole matter.
Mr. HUNTER. There will be no time for a
committee of conference even to examine the
amendments and compare opinions, unless we act
with dispatch to-day. The argument of the Sen-
ator would apply against taking up the bill at any
time, for there will be debate. I cannot stop it. I
wish I could.
Mr. DOWNS. I really think that I should have
this favor extended to me, considering the manner
in which I have abstained from debate on this and
other bills. I have saved as much of the time of
the Senate by abstaining from debate, as would
allow my bill to be disposed of. This is one of
the last days that I shall be in the Senate, and the
bill to which I refer, and which I wish to have
disposed of, is the only measure in which T now
feel any great interest, and I really hope that under
the circumstances, the Senator from Virginia will
hare the magnanimity not to insist upon his mo-
tion until twelve o'clock. At that hour I will yield
to him.
Mr. HUNTER. I cannot withdraw my mo-
tion. I wish F could accommodate the Senator
from Louisiana, but I have a higher duty here to
discharge than that of personal courtesy.
Mr. Hokteh's motion was agreed to; and the
Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, resumed
the consideration of the Army appropriation bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. When the Sen-
ate adjourned yesterday, the question before the
Senate was on an amendment moved by the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Davis,] to strike
out a part of the proviso in relation to the super-
intendent of the public armories, and insert another
provision. The immediate qnestion, however, was
on the amendment proposed by the Senator from
Illinois [Mr. Shields] to that amendment.
Mr. WALKER. If I understand it, the eor-
. rection that has been made this morning in the
Journal changes the entire position of the ques-
tion. That correction affects the motion to recon-
sider.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The efTect of
that correction is that the motion to reconsider
fitiled.
Mr. WALKER. Consequently all the subse-
quent amendments predicated upon that motion
ffcUwith it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair was
of that opinion yesterday when the question was
suddenly stopped. He thought that the Senate,
refusing to strike out the proviso, had thereby
agreed to retain the whole of it, and that hence
the amendment of the Senator from Massachusetts
is out of order; but having examined the question,
he is now of the opinion that the amendment is in
order. The amendment of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts is only to strike out a part of that the
whole of which the Senate refused to strike out.
It is therefore in order, and the first question is
on the amendment proposed by the Senator from
Illinois to that amendment.
Mr. SHIELDS. I believe my honorable friend
from Massachusetts is willing to accept it, as it
does not interfere in any way with his amend-
ment.
Mr. DAVIS. I accept it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then the ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts, as modified, to strike out all of
the proviso after the word " next," and insert the
following:
" That the act of Congress approved August 33,1842, be
so modified that the President may, if in his opinion the
public interest demands it, place over any of the armories a
superintendent who does not belong to the Army: JinA pro-
vided further, That the Secretary of War be directed to
cause the necessary and proper inquiries to be instituted,
through the medium of a commission of civilians and mili-
tary men, with a view of ascertaining which of the two
systems is the more economical, efficient, and safe, for the
management of the public armories, that formerly existing
under the superintendence of civil officers, or that now ex
isting under the superintendence of officers of the Ordnance
Department, and to make report thereof to Congress at their
next session."
Mr. RUSK. I desire to say a very few words
upon that amendment. In the first place, it is
contradictory in its terms. The first part of it
proposes that the President may, if he chooses to
do so, appoint a civil superintendent or superin-
tendents of the armories of the United States.
The remainder of it is totally inconsistent with
that part, because it proposes an inquiry upon
which this action is to be taken, not to be returned
to the President, but to be submitted to the next
Congress.
Mr. SHIELDS. The honorable Senator will
permit me to say, as I do not want to make a
speech, and as he himself is opposed to delay,
that it is not inconsistent. It leaves it to the
President to place the armories now under military
or civil superintendence, but it also requires him
to report as to the propriety of regulating this sys-
tem for the future by the action of Congress; so
that at the next session we can settle it finally one
way or the other upon correct and ascertained in-
formation, which we have not now.
Mr. RUSK. The honorable Senator and I
differ. I think die amendment is inconsistent,
because, in the first part, it proposes to leave to
the President the discretion of saying whether he
will have military or civil superintendence.
Mr. SHIELDS. Fojr one year.
Mr. RUSK. And in the same amendment you
require a Board, to be composed of military offi-
cers and civilians, to make an inquiry, and to re-
port to you at the next segsion of Congress.
Mr. DAVIS. I would suggest to the honorable
Senator from Texas, and also to the honorable
Senator from Illinois, that the amendment may be
so amended as easily to make the meaning itself
harmonious. I propose that the President of the
United States may at his discretion appoint a
civilian, or an officer of the Army, and then sup-
pose that the amendment of the Senator from Illi-
nois, which I have accepted, should read:
" And in order to enable him to do it to his own satisfac-
tion, he be hereby authorized to appoint a commission con-
sisting of civilians and military men," &e.
Mr. RUSK. That would make the amendment
consistent with itself, but yet not agreeable to
me.
Mr. SHIELDS. As I want to get rid of this
question in any way that is fair, I agree to the
suggestion of the Senator from Massachusetts,
and I presume that no one can then object to the
am Mid men t.
Mr. RUSK. I shall still object to it.
Mr. SHIELDS. I suppose you will.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope we shall have a vote.
Mr. RUSK. As I have the floor, I hope I shall
be allowed to express my reasons for my vote.
Mr. SHIELDS. As I cannot satisfy the hon-
orable Senator in any way, I will iust leave the
amendment as it stood originally, without adopting
the proposed modification of the Senator from
Massachusetts.
Mr. RUSK. Then I have more objection to
the amendment than if it were modified as suggest-
ed by the Senator from Massachusetts. Here it
is proposed to establish new officers, and it is not
said how many. It is a Board. It may consist
of three, or four, or twenty. It is a commission.
This is the establishment at the last days of the
session of new officers. Sir, I have been here
long enough to see the result of such experiments.
I have seen new officers and new Departments
created here at the last days of the session, when
a man has not an opportunity of getting up and
expressing his views in opposition to them, and
they have introduced more expenditures than al-
most any other system. I remember that at the
close of one session, we created a Department
called the Department of the Interior. It was not
a year old until it had become like Aaron's rod,
and swallowed up everything that came in its way;
and, sir, when it takes a sweep, and strikes the
Treasury, the Treasury of the United States
stands no more chance than the crumbling banks
of the Mississippi do against a flood. You can-
not count up the costs and expenses of it. This
is something of the same thing, on a small scale.
It is a commission; of how many it is to consist
God only knows! It is discretionary with the
President as to the number. It is to be composed
of whom ? Civilians and military officers. What
will be the result? A scientific report on arms, la-
borers, and everything of that sort, which will be
printed here at the expense of the Government,
and not three Senators will read it, and not half
a dozen other gentlemen, except the officers en-
gaged in its production. What information will
there be in that ? I am against the proposition on
that ground.
I am against it on another ground. I am op-
posed to devolving upon the President the respon-
sibility of determining this quarrel between civil
and military rule in your armories, because it is a
scramble for place; and while my honorable friend
from South Carolina [Mr. Butler] yesterday
rebuked the citizens for asking for these places, he
should also have rebuked the officials of the Gov-
ernment who are quartered on the public for life.
It is a scramble for place between the two; and
one is just about as energetic and zealous as the
other. Hence, 1 say that while he was rebuking
the citizen in just and fair terms, he should also
have rebuked the official who is provided for out
of your Treasury; for the military officers, as I
understand it, ask to be retained in the superin-
tendence of the armories.
Mr. BUTLER. They do not ask it; but they
wish justice done to them.
JM(r. RUSK. I say that is the struggle. Citi-
zens have troubled me, but not much, because I
would not let them. The Army officers have
troubled me more. It is a place; it is a comfort-
able place for them; and, therefore, they want it.
A word with regard to the inquiry which is
sought to be instituted. The honorable Senator
from Illinois, who proposes it, comes from a
country which some of my folks hail from, and a
favorite maxim with them is, •' Fair play." His
amendment does not give fair play, because it pro-
poses to inquire how the armories were conducted
eleven years ago, under a civil superintendence,
and to make that a test to be compared with their
superintendence now, under the management of
Army officers. I do not think that this is a proper
position for Army officers; and I mean no disre-
spect to them when I say so. They were selected
for their fighting qualities. They were selected
to command in the field. They were not chosen
as mechanics, and I venture to say they are not
mechanics. If you place the armories undercivil
superintendence, you give the President, if he is
disposed to discharge his duty, the power of se-
lecting mechanics, practical men, one of whom is
worth ten thousand of your theoretical gentlemen.
These theoretical gentlemen can get appropria-
tions increased. The history of the appropriation
bills has shown that. They can carry on a great
deal of work, but whether there is improvement
in that work is another question. I will venture
to say that if the President shall do his duty in
this matter, and select for the head of each of these
armories a civilian, a mechanic, one who undetv
