870
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 26,
buildings here as well as to the armories. It will ap-
ply to every custom-house you are erecting, every
post-office building you are putting up, every pub-
lic work you are constructing, without exception,
if the argument be true. But, sir, I do not think
it is true. If you have a suitable man for super-
intendent, there is no such danger. Your super-
intendent prescribes the number of hours of work
to be performed in the day; he prescribes the hour
at which the workmen are to be there; the hour
at which they are called off for refreshment, and
at which they return. He dismisses them at
night, he checks the roll, and any man who is de-
ficient in time is checked, and the time is deducted.
Any man that does not conform to the rules is
paid off and dismissed. That is what I under-
stand is done under the civil rule; and wherever
you have an honest and competent officer, either
military or civil, he does it; and, sir, is it to be
arrued that you cannot get a civilian that has
either the intelligence or the integrity to perform
his duty and enforce the instructions of the Gov-
ernment ? I think not. I think we can employ a
civilian there as welt as anywhere else.
Then, sir, why should we have an Army officer
to take charge of these armories? Certainly the
work to be performed in the armories is not pro-
fessional. Will it be said that the construction of
arms requires professional skill ? Sir, the profes-
sion of the military officer is to^use arms rather
than to make them. Besides, your Ordnance
Corps prescribes the kind and description of arms
to be made at your armories. After the kind, the
amount, and the description of arms to be manu-
factured are prescribed, the manufacture is purely
a mechanical operation. It is mechanical, purely
and strictly, and not military or professional, it
is the work of the mechanic; ana I undertake to
aay that the mechanic who has devoted his life to
his occupation, understands better how to carry
on that mechanical operation than your military
man does whose life, profession, occupation, and
habits, disqualify him from understanding it. I
think, therefore, you have the opportunity of get-
ting more mechanical knowledge and skill in the
civil service in regard to the mechanical operations
of these armories than you have in the Army.
But, sir, there is another consideration which
operates upon my mind. I know that the Amer-
ican mechanic does not like, in time of peace, in
a workshop, to be subjected to military rule, to
the sword, to the kpaulette, and to the button.
In time of war, he is willing to enlist in your j
Army, to enroll among the volunteers, to come |
under the rules and articles of war, and be as sub- j
ject to strict and rigid obedience as any regular ;
soldier. Every American citizen is willing to do j
that in time of war, when it is necessary and 1
proper to enforce the military discipline. But in ;
times of profound peace, while carrying on the
ordinary avocations of life, while pursuing their <
art in the workshop, in the performance of their !
regular trade, to be subject to military discipline i
and regulations by an officer who does not under-
stand the trade, whose education and habitsof life
prevent him from sympathizing, as he ought to do,
with the craft, is not congenial to the feelings and
habits of a high-minded mechanic. I know that
your mechanic feels restive under this system, and
the tendency is to degrade him in his own estima-
tion . I submit that it does not become Americans
to humble and degrade our mechanics. We owe
them too much. If we owe to any one class of
citizens more than another the rapid progress we
are making in all that gives us superiority over
other nations, it is to the American mechanic,
whose skill, whose ingenuity has done it. And
why is it that the American mechanic excels
all others ? It is because he has, under our insti-
tutions, a right to think freely and boldly. He is
not confined within certain prescribed limits, that
$xist under different forms of government, that
make it a crime to think in opposition to the con-
secrated errors of olden times. Free thinking,
bold thinking, enables him to make inventions
that surprise and startle the world, while their
success commands universal admiration.
Sir, I do not wish to put restraints upon the
mind, upon the actions, upon the feelings of our
mechanics. I think, therefore, that this military
ssytem is at war with the spirit of our institutions,
and that it should be carried no further than is
necessary for military purposes. To the extent
that it is necessary for military operations I am
willing to carry it, and I am willing to sustain you
in the most rigid and exact system of discipline
applicable to the Army, to all under its control in
time of war; but I am not willing unnecessarily
to carry the military system into the mechan ics'
shops in times of peace.
Mr. BUTLER. Allusion has been very dis-
tinctly made that there has been military influence
brought to bear, either directly or indirectly, upon
me and those who act with me in this matter. Sir,
I say that during the time I have spoken yester-
day or to-day, I have not seen a military man, or
a friend of a military man here, pressing this mat-
ter on us. I may not be as well informed as the
I Senator from Illinois of any influence brought to
bear upon the Senate, but 1 could very distinctly
Eoint to the influence of others. The Senator
as spoken with a good deal of emphasis about
outsiders and insiders. 1 am neither an outsider,
seeking for office, nor an insider enjoying one. 1
am, therefore, an impartial judge upon the sub-
ject. But, sir, I always thought that there was
some wisdom in the fox, to say the least of it,
when he told the swallow he would not drive off
the flies which had gorged themselves, to give way
to the hungry flies that wanted to come in. Besides,
I say emphatically, that I know of no officers, in-
siders, who have such a great personal interest in
pressing this upon usi They do not get one dol-
lar more pay in the armory than they would any-
where else in the line of their duty. Who is the
insider in connection with this subject? Do the
officers gorge themselves with the public money
beyond the pay'which is allowed them by law?
Sir, I am not aware 4hat the mechanics have
been dissatisfied. The dissatisfaction exists among
the outsiders who want the places, and if the out-
siders wish to gorge themselves because others are
in their way, I can very well understand the prin-
ciple upon which they act. They want the money.
The officer gets none of this money; the insiders
are not benefited by it, not a whit. They get no
more pay than they would get in their other offi-
cial positions.
As to what has been said about the mechanics,
every one who knows me knows that justice, and
courtesy, and every tribute that can be paid to
honest industry, are always awarded by me, as
much as by those who preach these doctrines of
Democracy in favor of civil authority in the arm-
ories in preference to the military. I have con- 1
suited the interest of the public service, when I
maintain that the present system is better than the
system of civil superintendence, and that if you
change it now, you do it in the dark, merely to
give way to the outsiders who want the money.
1 have no interest in this question; but as it has
assumed a character altogether different from that
which it ought to have done, and insinuations have
been made upon insiders, when they are refuted
by the fact that the insiders cannot get anything,
and that the only persons who want the money
are the outsiders, who are to make something,
provided we have civil officers to supersede the
military officers who get nothing in addition to
what they get by their regular pay, and as it is 1
desired to substitute civil superintendents for the I
military, and pay them for what they cannot per- I
form as well as it is performed now, I wish these
remarks to go out to the country. I do not know
that it is the mechanics that object to the military
rule. I do not believe it is. As far as I can ascer-
tain, and there is not a branch of the military ser-
vice, from the humblest soldier up, that will not
tell you that this is the better system; that this is
a much better system than the one which it is pro-
posed to substitute for it.
I am perfectly willing that a comparison of the
two should be made. But gentlemen are shrink-
ing from the ordeal of a comparison. The propo-
sition is to sift the merits of the systems; and as
certainly as you let them enter into contrast—the
one contended for by the gentlemen who appeal to
popular feeling in favor of mechanics, and the mili-
tary one—the latter will throw the other into the
shade. If gentlemen are afraid of the comparison,
it is because it will have that influence on the pub-
lic mind; and I now say that I believe no part of
the United States, interested in this matter, except
the local communities around Springfield and
Harper's Ferry, have any objection to the present
system. I have heard of none. The two mili-
tary officers in charge of the armories are occupy-
ing places which they do not want. I have re-
peated that before, and it is so, as far as I can learn.
They do not wish to occupy the places; but when
every military man in the United States will tell
you that this system has operated well and it
would be dangerous to change it, they but agree
with it.
My friend from Texas has alluded to me in this
question. I am willing to compare votes with
him and see whose hands have gone deepest into
the Treasury. I did not vote for the twenty mil-
lions for the railroad, or for the Collins line. I
have not voted for any such propositions. I be-
lieve I am less touched with the appropriation of
the public money than almost any man on this
floor. And as to the avalanche which is to sweep
away the banks of the Mississippi, why, sir, the
little tributaries that I vote for are not like the
great currents which are undermining the banks
of the Mississippi. You may talk about extrav-
agance; the honorable Senator from Tennessee
has j>ut the question in a way which cannot be
disguised. I regard this system as more economi-
cal than the other; but if it is a foregone conclu-
sion that the armories are to be put under civil
superintendence, and the military are to be exclud-
ed without trial and examination, be it so.
Mr. SHIELDS. I desire to say but a very
few words. I have abstained from arguing the
qnestion for a single reason. I have abstained
even to the detriment of what I believe to be a
great interest—and whySir, we have only four
working days of the session before us, and we
have all the appropriation bills yet to act upon;
and here we commence with as much fervor and
as much zeal to debate this question as if we were
in the first week of the session. The question
now is taken to be whether this is to be given to
the mechanics or to the Army, and that is to be
debated on both sides of the Chamber. Sir, no
mechanic will ever be put at the head of the arm-
ories. That is out of the question. The mechan-
ics have nothing to do with this, nor has the
Army. These officers do not care one cent whether
they are in or not. They get their pay independ-
ent of that. It imposes new duties upon them.
But I know my colleague did not want to do any
injustice to any one, and certainly not to the offi-
cers or to their friends, or to us who conscien-
tiously believe that there ought to be some little
investigation before we act. We may be wrong
in that. I believe we are, for as far as I can judge,
we act more rapidly withoutinvestigation than we
do with investigation. But, Mr. President, I am
chairman of the Military Committee, and I pre-
sume that they would come to me if they would
come to any one; and I can say that not one single
man, either officer or friend of officer, ever called
on me on the subject until I sent for them to come
and give me information on the subject. So that,
so far as I am concerned, I can exonerate these
gentlemen from anything of that sort. But I
know my colleague would not wish to do these
gentlemen injustice.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I do not mean to do any man
injustice; but is my colleague ignorant of the fact
that there are within the range of his eye now, in
this Chamber, men electioneering for this very
measure on his side of the question ? I know
them. I see them. They are respectable gentle-
men. They have a right to be here; and we know it
is so, and Senators can see them all around. There
is no use, therefore, in making an issue upon any
such question.
Mr. SHIELDS. I see a good many gentlemen
in the range of my eye, but I cannot see any
whom I know to be such as my honorable col-
league alludes to.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Then I know more about it
than my colleague does.
.Mr. SHIELDS. 1 have not risen to reopen this
argument. I repeat that as the question now
stands, it is only whether we shall have an inves-
tigation and examination or not. I do not wish
to enter at length into the Question. All that I
would do now is to call for the yeas and nays, and
hope that the vote will be taken.
Mr. RUSK. There has been an investigation.
The Senate will bear me witness that I have been
forced into this debate, spurred on by the Senator
from South Carolina, and others, who have said
it is the outside pressure of persons who want
these places, that is made to have an effect on the
vote of the Senate. That has been the burden of
two or three speeches. There is no influence at
