1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
871
work on me. I have seen about as many army
officers here as others, but I have not conversed
with them, nor have I seen or heard anything to
justify imputations on any officer or citizen. The
Senator says there are a great many men here.
There are many men, and many ladies about here
too. The ladies have not attempted to influence
me. They could have influenced me considerably
if they had tried. [Laughter.] I have made an
investigation of this matter, so far as to satisfy my
mind that it is right to put the armories under the
direction of civil superintendence. I am not as-
tonished at the coarse of the honorable Senator
from Tennessee, for he is to some extent respon-
sible for the introduction of the military system.
This subject has been before the Committee on
Military Affairs in the House of Representatives,
and a report was made upon it on the 13th of
August, 1852, by the chairman of that committee,
[Mr. Gorman,] a gentleman of high intelligence.
This is what the report says:
" A short time subsequent to the transfer of Colonel Tal-
cott, four officers of the Board of Ordnance were designated
by the Secretary of War to proceed to Europe, and visit the
most important arsenals, cannon founderies, and manu-
factories of small arms; and having spent a few months
in the discharge of the duties assigned to them, they returned
and made their report in November, 1840. From the period
of the return of this commission trom Europe, the purpose
seems to have been systematically and pertinaciously pur-
sued by the head of that Department to place the national
armories of the United States under the same administra-
tive system which was found to prevail in somewhat similar
establishments in some of the most despotic monarchies of
Europe. If any effort was made, as doubtless it was, to in-
fluence the then Secretary of War, the Hon. Joel R. Poin-
sett, to favor this change, that effort proved wholly unsuc-
cessful.
" On the 4th of March, 1841, a new Administration came
into power, when Mr. Bell, yielding too ready an ear to
the suggestions and recommendation of the ordance offi-
cers " 
As the committee say, I do not say so—
—" on the 1st of April, 1841, within a few weeks after his
appointment as Secretary of War, dismissed the civil super-
intendents from office, and appointed military officers to
take the charge of these establishments. How far this step
was in accordance with, or in violation of law, the commit-
tee will not stop here to inquire. * * *
" In the session of 18£i-'42, the attention of Congress was
invited to the subject, and it is much to be regretted that it
was not brought forward as an independent measure of
policy, instead of being blended as it was with the pro-
visions of a bill for the general reorganization of the Army.
And yet, even in that form, when first submitted to the Sen-
ate, that body, by a vote of near two to one, after debate,
struck out the section legalizing the military superintenden-
ces. A change of opinion was subsequently produced in
tbat body by a manuscript statement of important facts,
prepared and signed by the head of the Ordnance Depart-
ment, and placed upon the desk of each Senator on the
rooming of the day upon which the bill was acted upon,
and which statement it is confidently believed and asserted
could not then and cannot now be sustained by impartial
evidence. In the House of Representatives the opposition
to the introduction of the military system into our national
armories was decided, firm, and unyielding, until the dif-
ferences between the two Houses reached that point that it
became necessary to yield to this feature of the Senate's
bill, or lose altogether an important measure of general
policy.
" It was under these circumstances that this system, of
which precedents can only be found among the most des-
potic monarchies of Europe, was earned—a measure which
resulted in driving from employment hundreds of the most
intelligent and valuable mechames which this Government
ever had in its employment, and which now operates with
a crushing and deadening influence upon the spirits and en-
terprise of those whose necessities still force them into the
Bervice of this branch of the Government.
"The committee, after the most careful examination,
have not been able to perceive one beneficial result which
has been derived to the Government from the substitution
of the military for the civil superintendency.
" It has not reduced the price of the musket" 
The committee say it has not reduced the price of
the musket—
—" but, on the contrary, when the large outlayfor new ma-
chinery is estimated ; when the price of labor and materials
under the two systems—the substitution of the percussion
for the flint lock—are considered, the price must be regarded
under the present system as greater than it was under the
former.
" It has not promoted economy in the general expendi-
ture of these establishments."
I hope the honorable Senator from South Car-
olina [Mr. Butler] will listen to the reading of
this report. The Collins line of steamers fur-
nishes nim a knock-down argument to anything
that I can say on the subject of economy, and he
even proposes to institute a comparison of votes
with me in that respect. Well, I will submit to
it. It will be remembered that a day or two since
more than a million of dollars were appropriated
for fortifications, which are a dead expense to the
country- 
Mr. BUTLER. I did not vote for that, so that |
the gentleman has not got me there. [Laughter.]
Mr. RUSK. I saw a good many of the gen-
tleman's associates who did vote for these amend-
ments. I voted against them. That was a dead
weight and dead expense, in my opinion. How-
ever, I will go on with the report of the committee
relating to the economy of the course pursued at
the armories. Perhaps the Senator will take that,
as he does not seem disposed to believe in my
economy. The committee say:
" It has not promoted economy in the general expendi-
ture of these establishments; but, on the contrary, atendency
to waste and extravagance, has been manifested in tearing
down buildings before deemed ample and commodious, and
in the erection of dwellings of unnecessary size and mag
nificence, and other expenditures made there, all of which
will appear in the large appropriation asked froui Congress
and made for such purposes."
Sir, the history of our legislation shows the
continual increase in this item of expense, in the
appropriation bill. It has been continually in-
creasing.
"The principal argument relied upon for the change of
system was, that it was an item of a plan for a general re-
duction of expenses. It was said that the Ordnance officers
were already in the employinentof the Government at fixed
pay without sufficient duties to perform ; that they could be
conveniently spared as substitutes for the civil superintend-
ents, and that thus the Government could be saved the
salary of two usclessofficers. ' The expense,' argued the
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs in the Sen-
ate, i saved by the transfer of military men to these places, ,
it was true, would not be much, yet the change would ef-
fect the abolition of two useless offices.' The utter futility
of this ground of economy forthe proposed change is mani-
fest not only in the fact that the Ordnance Corps has been
since that time largely increased, but in the increased out-
lay of money upon those establishments since the introduc-
tion of the military system."
That is shown by every appropriation bill.
"Not only has the existing system been without any ben-
eficial results to the Government, butits operation has been
injurious in the adoption and extension of a principle hos-
tile to the character and genius of our institutions, and in
the spirit of deep-seated discontent which it has produced
among the operatives wherever it has been enforced."
That is what the Committee on Military Affairs
of the House say. That is the result of their in-
vestigation, and let it stand for what it is worth.
I would ask any gentleman who is so pertina-
ciously attacking what has been placed on this
bill by the House of Representatives—who come
to it with such renewed vigor after every defeat,
and I believe they have been defeated two or three
times upon the yeas and nays—I would ask them
to point out any improvement in arms made under
the present superintendence.
Mr. BELL. If the Senator will allow me, there
was a vote of two thirds of the Senate the day be-
fore yesterday for striking out this provision of
the House, but after the lapse of twenty-four hours,
when the bill was reported to the Senate, and the
question was on concurring in the amendment
made in Committee of the Wnole—when, behold,
without any further argument or debate, the vote j
\{ the committee was reversed. This great change
in the sentiment of the Senate was effected in one
night. Therefore, when the Senator says that we
have had this question decided over and overagain,
in favor of a civil superintendence, I say that my
recollection is the other way, and that about two
thirds of the members of the Senate were against
the proposed change, only so late as the day before
yesterday.
I do not desire to reply at length to the Senator i
from Texas, and therefore I shall make but one
other remark. I shall not attempt to reply to what
hehas read from the report of the Housecommittee,
nor to what he has said of any responsibility of
mine. I want to say though, as a matter of per-
sonal justice to myself, that I have seen more of
these gentlemen from Harper's Ferry and from
Springfield, who want the changes, than I have
seen of Army officers.
Mr. RUSK. I do not know of one.
Mr. BELL. I treated them very civilly, and
they stated some facts that surprised me, and I
said to them frankly, that if those facts were true,
I should be in favor of the change myself; but
when I came to inquire of others who were friend-
ly to the military superintendency, I found that
those facts were disputed, and so I could not feel
well assured of the truth of the matters com-
plained of. It was upon the representations of
several gentlemen from Springfield and Harper's
Ferry, suggesting that I was led into a mistake
when I made the change originally, that I came to the
conclusion that it was best to have a joint commis-
sion of civilians and ordnance officers; and if the
facts alleged were true, I made up my mind that I
would vote in favor of the change myself; but I
told those gentlemen that I thought they were
probably laboring under some bias.
In regard to the report made by the committee
of the House, I say—without meaning any disre-
spect to that committee, or to the House, or to any
gentleman—that the statement that no advantage
has been obtained in cheapness from quality of
the arms manufactured now, over those manufac-
tured under the civil superintendency, is totally
unfounded in fact. Such is my judgment, from the
best lights I could get, and I have taken some
pains to inquire into the facts.
Mr. RUSK. Mr. President, I know that this
matter has been sustained by two or three votes
of the Senate. With regard to the Army officers,
or those individuals living around Harper's Ferry
and Springfield, I have had but little conversation
with either. My vote has been given from my own
convictions, formed after a considerable length of
experience in the matter. In the first place, I
take it that these officers are not mechanics. If
they are good mechanics they are not good mili-
tary men, and ought to give up their commissions.
I take it they are not mechanics; and to manufac-
ture arms, of all things, they should be mechan-
ics, and good mechanics.
Sir, I desire the friends of a military super-
intendence for these armories to point out one
important improvement in our arms that has
been the result of their management. I want
one named. There have been recently several
striking improvements. I want the friends of
military superintendence to name one striking
improvement in the manufacture of fire-arms
that has come from that superintendence. They
have claimed all that have been made. In some
instances I have known about the facts. I know
that some years ago, there was a gentleman here
by the name of Fisher, a poor man, a mechanic,
with a large family. He was employed at the
arsenal in this city. He was an ingenious me-
chanic, and invented a machine for charging per-
cussion caps. It was for a time driven out, and
he was not permitted to use it inside of the public
works. It was after a time perfected, and he
made application for a patent for it. In that, to
my certain knowledge, he was resisted by some
of the ordnance officers, and it lay a long time
without his being able to procure a patent. The
Government used the invention, however. I went
and examined it. There it was, and they who
opposed the patent could not deny the improve-
ment. By this invention, three boys perform
the labor which it required twenty-eight men to do
before. This was the invention of a poor me-
chanic in the employ of the United States. His
patent was resisted for a long time; but Govern-
ment used the machine during the Mexican war,
and they could not have got along without it.
They would have had to purchase, at an expense
perhaps of §100,000, caps manufactured in other
places than their own arsenals. There was an
actual saving of expense to the Government by that
single invention of $50,000 or $60,000. Fisher
is dead. His widow and children are poor, and I
believe they have never received a single dollar
from the Government from that day to this.
Mr. PEARCE. I would like to ask the Sen-
ator whether either the military or civil superin-
tendent has authority to direct changes in the
manufacture of arms by their own motion ? Must
not either of them receive an order from the head
of the Department ?
Mr. RUSK. As to that I do not know.
Mr. PEARCE. Then if they have not author-
ity they are not to blame.
Mr. RUSK. Then the whole thing ought to
be abolished, if we cannot keep up with the im-
provements of the age. I have not investigated
the law on the subject, and do not know whether
they can make improvements or not.
Mr. SHIELDS. That is so. They cannot
adopt any improvements in the regulation of the
Army.
Mr. RUSK. Then we ought to abolish them
altogether.
Mr. SHIELDS. I have said already, and I
will not go over this point, that when changes are
adopted, there is a necessity for a uniformity
throughout the whole Army, so that the arms
may be all alike. Otherwise, one man will havf
