872
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 26,
one kind of gun, and another with different sized
barrels, Ac.
Mr. RUSK. That is an easy thing to remedy.
They can make the bore of any size either for a
pistol, or a musket, or rifle. That is the easiest
thin"; in the world.
Air. SHIELDS. I merely state what the De-
partment believes—that it is necessary to have a
uniformity.
Mr. RUSK. Now, I know there have been
improvements which have been resisted by the
head of the Ordnance Bureau.
Mr. SHIELDS. Yes, a great many.
Mr. RUSK. There were improvements which
he refused to use until Congress forced him to do
it. He then refused to put them in use on the
frontier—improvements that had been tested.
Mr. SHIELDS. The honorable Senator knows
as well as I do that onehalf of these improvements
are not worth one pinch of snuff.
Mr. RUSK. Soldo.
Mr. SHIELDS. And that no man who has
any knowledge of arms would risk a platoon with
these fanciful, quixotic improvements, but would
take the good old-fashioned arms.
Mr. RUSK. Sir, one hundred men, with Colt's
and Sharp's rifles, will drive off five hundred with
muskets; they can form on less ground, will cost
less, and do as much execution as five hundred
with the musket Sharp's rifle was another great
improvement whicn was resisted in the same way.
The man who inver,; d it was poor, and his in-
vention was firmly resisted, and has not gone
into use to any extent in the Army. All im-
provements have been resisted. There is an im-
provement which is being resisted now. It is a
primer, by the use of which there is no necessity
for expending time to place a percussion cap upon
the gun, but the gun primes itself. The United
States, I believe, have the authority from the pat-
entee, a gentleman by the name of Maynard, to
use it; and yet they do not use it. Its use would
save all the time required to put a cap on the gun,
and that time, in an Indian fight, is worth consid- ,
erable; for in the time taken to nut a cap on a
man's gun, while the Indian is whizzing his ar- '
rows at him, may sometimes cost him his scalp, j
If it be true that tliese men have made no improve-
ments, and can make no improvements, abolish
the whole concern, and buy the arms. !
Mr. JAMES. Mr. President, the other day, j
when this subject was before the Senate, I took
no part in the debate, as the Senate well knows, '
and I do not rise for the purpose of taking any !
part in the debate now, further than simply to state
a few matters of fact. I listened with great pleas-
ure to the speech of the honorable Senator from
Texas, [Mr. Rvsk,] and also to that of the hon- 1
orable Senator from Illinois, [ v1 r Doitglas.] The
speech of the honorable Senator om Illinois does
him much credit, and is one whf i will meet a
ready response in the hearts of more than five
hundred thousand mechanics in this count y. But
for the speech of the honorable Senator re. rred 1!
to, I should deem it my duty to go fully into t, e >j
subject. The speech of that Senator I indorse in '
full, as embodying my own sentiments.
Sir, it has been said here that influences have
been brought to bear upon us; but no influence
has been brought to bear on me, except the influ-
ences of my own heart. Sir, I claim no higher '
title than that of a mechanic. I have worked with
the mechanic at the forge; I have worked with him
at the anvil, at the lathe, at the engine, and the
work-bench, and in all the departments of his pro-
fession, and while I may have a seat on this floor
1 shall be the advocate for the mechanic. As a
class, we owe more to them than to any other
class of citizens in our country. Should our
country be invaded, they would rally to a man
under our flag, and cheerfully submit to all the
hardships and dangers incident to military life and
rule; but as citizens in private life, in the legitimate
occupations and pursuits incident to their mechan-
ical professions, they will not submit to militarv t
dictation. 3
In regard to the cost of the musket, as it is urged
in the report, it is well known to the mechanic! of '
this country that the improvements made within
the last thirteen years in the tools necessary to 1
make guns, or machinery of any kind, are such
as to save one half the manual labor; and there- !
fore all the facts that have been brought here" i
which I have seen, in regard to the cost of arms I
previous to 1840, and subsequent to 1840, prove
nothing. The question with me is, with all the
; impro\ements of the day, up to the present mo-
ment, who is best qualified to superintend mechan-
ical operations—the practical mechanic or the
military officer? In relation to improvements
made at the armories, I have seen none; and in
the efficiency of the musket, there has been no
improvement for the last half century, excepting
the introduction of the percussion lock. But in
the American rifle it has been far otherwise. That
arm has been left in the hands of individual enter-
prise, and such has been the improvement in it that j
it is, to say the least, five times more effective now J
than it was twenty-five years ago. j
: Sir, you may select any musket out of the three !
; or four hundred thousand now standing in the
Springfield armory,and I say here, that, with my
: own hands, I will makean improvement on it, that ■
will enable it to discharge more balls in one hour J
than can now be done with five such by any five '
soldiers in our service; that I will fire those balls
twice as far, or that they will penetrate to twice
the depth. These are facts which I know, and
which almost every mechanic in New England
knows. But I will not detain the Senate longer,
for the reasons which 1 have stated.
Mr. HALE. I would inquire if the motion of
the honorable Senator from Massachusetts to j
amend is divisible—whether we can have a vote j
upon that part of it which puts the armories under '
the same superintendence as before?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. As it is a mo-
tion to strike out and insert, it is not divisible.
Mr. HALE. Let it not be divisible then. But \
I desire to claim the ear of the Senate for a mo- ,
ment. I want to suggest to the Senator from i
, Massachusetts that the part of his amendment i
which relates to the repeal of the law putting the :
armories under military superintendence, is en- I!
tirely nugatory, for this reason: Prior to the pas- J'
sage of the act of 1842, the President had the j'
power of appointing a military or civil superin- |
tendent of the armories, and had exercised it. j!
There was a civil superintendent appointed prior j
to the act of 1841; and in April, 1841, the Senator '
from Tennessee, [Mr. Bell,J then being Secretary
of War, appointed a military superintendent over
it, who continued until 1843, when the act passed.
Now, if you pass this amendment in this way, to
repeal it, and provide that the armories shall be
under the same superintendence that they were
prior to the passage of the act of 1842, what will
you do? Why, you destroy both of them. The
superintendence immediately preceding that was
a military superintendence, and it had been for
eighteen months previously to the passage of the
act. So, if you require that the superintendence
shall be the same as it was before you passed that
act, what have you got, then, but a military su-
perintendence; or to make the most favorable state*
ments of it, a right to put either a military man
or a civilian there ? That is the best that can be
claimed for it. But, then, it" you repeal the law
as it is now, you just put it back exactly to where
the Senator from Massachusetts proposes to put it
oy the amendment; because, prior to the passage
of t. o law of 1842, we had a military superintend-
ent, w,o had been appointed by General Harri-
son's Secietary of War, who held office for eigh-
teen months under that law which you propose
to restore
Mr. HOUSTO.v Will the Senator give way
for a moment, to aliow me to give a notice? I gave
notice yesterday that at one o'clock to-day I would :
move to take up the reso .itions submitted by the j
honorable Senator from Michigan in relation to '
Cuba mid colonization; but in consequence of the |
anxiety expressed by gentlemen, the chairmen of |
several committees who are anxious and urgent to
bring on the public business to-day and try to dis- !
pose of it, I will not call them up now, but give '
notice that at twelve o'clock on Monday I will I
move to take up those resolutions.
Mr. HALE. Having made that explanation,
I do not mean to make a speech; but I want to
say that I shall vote for the civil superintendence.
It has always been my feeling, my conviction,
my expression; and the only hesitancy which I
had was this, that it was connected witn personal
charges against these officers. I understand that
to be disclaimed entirely. The thing is put upon
its merits, and when it is put upon its merits I am <
for the civil superintendence. And row I want
I to give notice—as I "find notices are in the fashion
—that when the Navy appropriation bill comes
! up, I shall endeavor to have an amendment framed
1 to put the workshops in our naval yards under
civil superintendence. I do not want your black-
smiths there to have epaulettes over them more
than at Springfield. I want to be consistent. I
want to carry everything out as it ought to be. I
do not mean to run it into the ground, but I mean
to carry it out, and have a general emancipation
! of mechanics from military and naval .despotism;
| and I want to abolish white slavery that far, and
. have the principle operating through all our de-
partments. For these reasons I go for a civil eu-
perintendency. But as I said I would not make
a speech, I will sit down.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 29, nays 24; as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Jiayard, Bell, Bor-
land, Butler, Charlton, Clarke, Cooper, Davis, Dawson,
lie Saussure, I'Vli, Fitzpatriek, Foot, Oeyer, Gwin, Jones
of Tennessee, Manguin, Miller, Morton, Pearce, Phelps,
Sebastian, Shields, Smith, Snruance, Underwood, and
Walker—29.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Bright, Brodhead, Cass, Chase,
Dodge ofWisconsin,Dodge offowa,Douglas, Felch, Hale,
Hamlin, Houston, Hunter, James, Jones of Iowa, Mason,
Morris, Rusk, Seward, SouK, Sumner,Toucey, Wade, and
Wuller—24.
So the amendment was agreed to.
| Mr. BRIGHT. I desire to submit an amend-
i ment explanatory of one which was adopted yes-
terday. I presume there will be no objection to it.
It is to insert at the end of the provision in regard
to the purchase of a site for the western military
asylum, the following:
But nothing in the eighteenth section of the act approved
' August 31, 1852, making appropriations for the support of
the Army, shall be construed as directing) the purchase of
the Blue Lick Springs, or the lands attached thereto, in
preference to any other site.
! That is merely carrying out what was agreed to
' yesterday. When I raised the point as to whether
' any Senatorunderstood the amendment which was
| made yesterday to direct the purchase of the Blue
! Lick Springs as a site in preference to any other,
every Senator who responded, said, " Certainly
not." The amendment merely puts on paper the
fact that we do not direct the selection of that in
preference to any other.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I hope the Senate
will not agree to that amendment. I will not con-
sume time by speaking, but I hope it will be voted
down.
Mr. BRIGHT called for the yeas and nays on
the amendment; and they were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 22, nays 30; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Borland, Bright, Brodhead,
Cass, Chase, Dodge of Wisconsin, Douglas, Felch, Hale,
Hamlin, Houston, Hunter, Jones of Iowa, Mallory, Mason,
Norris, Pcttit, Sumner,Toucey, Wade, and Walker—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Atchison, Badger, Bell, Brooke,
Butler, Charlton, Clarke, Cooper, Davis, Dawson, De
Saussure, Dodge of Iowa, Fish, Foot, Geyer,Gwin, Jones
of Tennessee, Manguin, Miller, Morton, Pearce, Phelps.
Rusk, Sebastian, Seward, Smith, Sprtiance, Underwood,
and Weller—30.
So the amendment was rejected.
The amendments to the bill were then ordered
to be engrossed, and the bill to be read a third
time. It was read a third time and passed.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
Mr. HUNTER. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the civil and diplo-
matic appropriation bill.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I hope not. I desire
to take up Bennett's land bill to-day. If it is not
taken up to-day, I am afraid it will not be taken
up at all. I do not propose to discuss it. I be-
lieve arrangements have been made, after a great
deal of consideration, that will be satisfactory per-
haps to the Senate and the members of the House;
and I propose to offer a substitute for the bill. If
the Senate will take it up and let it be voted on, I
will not say one word upon it, unless forced into
it. I hope it may have precedence, and that
the motion of the Senator from Virginia will not
prevail.
Mr. HUNTER. I explained to the Senate
this morning why it was necessary to take up the
civil and diplomatic appropriation bill.
Mr. WALKER. 1 do not know what the
view of the Senator from Kentucky may be about
discussing this land bill, but the proposition never
can pass the Senate without discussion, and that,
too, of the most full and senous character.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope we will not discuss
