1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
873
the question of taking it up. I hope we will be
allowed to have the sense of the Senate upon the
question.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. If gentlemen are dis-
posed to consume time, the responsibility will be
.with them. 1 hope the bill may be taken up and
disposed of.
Mr. Hi nter's motion was agreed to; and the
Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded
to the consideration of the bill from the House
making appropriations for the civil and diplomatic
expenses of the Government for the fiscal year
ending the 30th June, 1854.
Mr. HUNTER. I now make the motion of
which I gave notice this morning. I ask that the
amendments reported from the Committee on Fi-
nance may be taken up and acted upon in gross,
and then when they are printed, each Senator will
be able on Monday to designate any particular
amendment upon which he may desire a separate
vote.
Mr. WALKER. If we adopt that course, and
let the bill be in that manner amended, what time
shall we have to examine the amendments,and de-
termine for ourselves whether we will concur in
the action done as in Committee of the Whole ? It
seems to me we had better take this day on the
civil and diplomatic bill, hear the amendments of
the Committee on Finance, pass upon them, and
let the bill be printed for Monday, in the condition
which we leave it, or if there be no serious objec-
tion, act upon it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
would suggest to the Senator from Virginia, that
the best mode of avoiding the consumption of time
would be that by common consent the bill should
be reported to the Senate immediately. It will
then be open to amendments and the amendments
can be submitted and ordered to be printed. By
that means the Senate will get rid of going through
the amendments twice.
Mr. GWIN. The amendments reported from
the Committee on Finance were agreed upon
unanimously. Every disputed question has been
reserved, in order that it should be brought for-
ward hereafter. The object is to have the amend-
ments which have been reported acted upon to-
day as in Committee of the Whole, and then have
the bill reported to the Senate, when it will still be
open to amendment. Those amendments could
be printed, and they would be brought up again
on Monday in the Senate, when those which are
likely to be disputed would also come up.
Mr. HUNTER. The plan proposed by the
Chair will suit me—to let the bill be reported to
the Senate at once, if Senators are willing.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Before we agree to that,
I desire to propound an inquiry to the honorable
chairman of the Committee on Finance. I want
W know whether the Committee on Finance have
reported an amendment to this bill changing the i
tariff of 184G, and giving certain privileges to rail- i
road companies, and taking the duty off railroad
iron ?
Mr. GWIN. No; but we will. I notify the
Senator that he will get it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will then report the bill to the Ssnate, if there be
no amendment proposed.
Mr. BUTLER. I object to that mode of act-
ing. The only securities against dangerous legis-
lation are these vetoes of form.
No amendment being proposed, the bill was re-
ported to the Senate, and amendments were then
offered from the Committee on Finance.
The first amendment reported from the Com-
mittee on Finance was in the clause " for miscel-
laneous items," in the expenses of the Senate,
"#10,000," to strike out " $10,000," and insert
" §20,000."
Mr. HUNTER. That is to restore it to the
estimate which was cut down in the House.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was in
the clause for the compensation of the Secretary
of the Treasury and Assistant Secretary of the
Treasury, clerks, messenger, and assistant mes-
senger, m his office, $32,050," to strike out
" 932,050," and insert " $33,750."
Mr. HUNTER. That is to make the item
correspond with the estimate. It was cut down
in the House without any reason that the Com-
mittee on Finance could see.
The amendment was agreed to.
The nfext amendment of the committee was in ;
the clause " For compensation of the Fifth Aud- !
itor." (of the Treasury,) " and the clerks and
messenger in his office, $11,400," to strike out
" $11,400," and insert " 13,550," to restore the
estimate.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
insert after the foregoing clause the following:
For an additional clerk in the office of tile Firth Auditor,
$1,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
strike out of the bill:
" For compensation of the clerks of the Light-House
Board, 35,900;"
And insert in lieu thereof:
For compensation of the clerks and messenger of the
Light-House Board, $6,400.
Mr. HUNTER. That restores the estimate
for the messenger, which was cut off by the
House.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was in
the clause "Forlabor, blank-books, sealing ships'
registers, translating foreign languages, advertis-
ing and extra clerk hire,"&c., under the head
of contingent expenses of the Treasury Depart-
ment, by inserting after the word " languages"
the words " transmission of Mediterranean pass-
ports and sea letters, carrying the Department
mails," and raising the appropriation from $8,550
to $8,950.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was in
the clause " For labor and other miscellaneous
' items, and for additional cases for filing the ac-
' counts of the First and Fifth Auditors, and the i
' Commissioner of the General Land Office,
'$1,000," to strike out "$1,000," and insert
« $2,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
strike out of the bill the following:
" Provided, That neither the office of the Secretary of
the Interior, nor any bureau thereof other than the Patent
Office, shall be located in the Patent Office Building until
directed by law."
Mr. HUNTER. That is a proposition to strike
out the proviso that prevents the Secretary of the
Interior from using the Patent Office Building.
Mr. WALKER. It is precisely such a propo-
sition as I hope will not be adopted. It will be
recollected that for two or three sessions back, I
have remonstrated against the use of the Patent
Office fund in the construction of buildings for other
Departments of the Government. This use has ,
been the subject of complaint upon the part of the
largest class in the country; but a class, while it
outnumbers all others, which cannot make as much ,;
noise and complaint as others, for it has not the
public press at command, or the ability to employ
agents to wait upon Congress to enlighten them
in regard to their duties. That fund was created
out of the fees and emoluments arising to the
Patent Office, in the granting of patents, &c. Now,
it has been appropriated to the extension of the
Patent Office Building, and after it has been thus
used, and the Patent Office has been extended, it
is proposed to locate therein another Department
of the Government. I think it is wrong. The
old Patent Office has never been used for the pur-
Eose for which it was constructed. A great num-
er of models, particularly rejected ones, are lying
thrown together in heaps, broken, and cannot be
seen, in the basement story, while a museum, or
national cabinet of curiosities, occupies the only
exhibition room in the old Patent Office. Thatis
the room in which it was designed that the models
should be exhibited; it has never been used for
that purpose, but it has been used more for the
purpose of amusement to the public. I made an
effort to get the cabinet of curiosities removed
to the Smithsonian Institution, where it seems
they properly belong, according to law; but the
proposition was defeated, and they are to be con-
tinued in the old Patent Office, while the patent
fund has been expended to create more room for
the purposes of the Patent Office; and it is now
even proposed that it shall not have that room,
but that the Department of the Interior shall oc-
cupy it. It is useless to go on in this way. You
are not diminishing your rents a particle. You
are paying, year after year, rent upon twice as
much capital as it would take to erect a proper
building for the Department of the Interior; but
you will not erect one, and you are going on now
to locate the Department of the Interior in the
Patent Office, and leave all the difficulties hereto-
fore existing in regard to the Patent Office still to
exist. When will yeu have an exhibition room
in the Patent Office for models? Go and try to get
a model there now, and you will find the half of
them—and nearly all of the rejected ones—broken.
They are thrown together in a promiscuous heap
and piled in the basement; and so it must continue,
unless you adopt the provision incorporated in
the bill by the House. That provision is of this
character:
"That neither the office of the Secretary of the Interior,
nor any bureau thereof, other than the Patent Office, shall
be located in the Patent Office Building until directed by
law."
That, in my opinion, is what ought to be done.
No other bureau than the Patent Office should be
located there. The fund has gone to construct it
for that purpose. The country is interested in it;
the inventors, mechanics, and all persons who wish
to examine the models, are interested in it; they
want to see them; they cannot do it now. I hope
the provision will be retained, and that the Senate
will vote down the proposition of the Committee
on Finance.
Mr. HUNTER. If the Senate votes down the
proposition of the Committee on Finance, the re-
sult will be, that the Government will be forced to
rent rooms for public offices when they have rooms
of their own vacant. These wings have been
erected under contributions from the Treasury of
the United States. They have cost far more than
anything which was contributed from the Patent
Office; and one of the arguments used—and upon
which we voted to have them built—was that it
was politic to put up buildings of our own, rather
than to hire imperfect, unsuitable buildings from
private individuals. It seems to me, therefore,
eminently proper that we should strike out this
clause, for unless we do, we shall have to buy
buildings or rent them from private individuals.
Mr. WALKER. It is claimed by the chair-
man of the Committee on Finance, that unless
we strike out this provision, and give the Govern-
ment the room for the purpose which is named,
we shall have vacant room, not used for any pur-
pose. Now, let me ask that Senator if he has
ever entered into a computation of the extent of
room which would be required to exhibit each in-
dividual model as it ought to be exhibited, and as
its design demands that it should be exhibited ?
If he has not, I have. I wish I had the tables
here, which I have in my possession, which were
made out by a gentleman who was most compe-
tent to investigate the matter, and make the com-
putation. Those tables show that in the whole
eastern wing of the Patent Office Building, there
will not be room enough to exhibit the models
which there are in the building now, and that even
when the west wing is completed, there will be
scarcely room enough for the whole of the models,
together with the rooms now used for exhibition.
This is a fact. It is a demonstrable fact. The
whole number of models was taken into the esti-
mate, and the amount of room which each would
require, to be appropriately exhibited, and the re-
sult of the calculation showed that the east wing,
together with the exhibition room in the old part
of the Patent Office, in which the cabinet of curi-
osities is now placed, would be insufficient. But
we are not to have the cabinet room. That is ex-
cluded from the estimate, because it is devoted to
the cabinet of curiosities, and the computation
shows that if the curiosities remain where they are,
we shall require all the room in the east wing and
in the west wing also, in order to exhibit the
modals which have been already projected.
There is no danger that there will be any excess
of room. It is all wanted now. I wish some gen-
tleman here would go to the Patent Office and try
to find a particular model. I undertook to find
one, at the request of one of my constituents, and
I learned that it would take at least four days'
work of a man diligently employed to handle over
the models in the room where it was to be looked
for, and that very likely even then it would notbe
seen. I abandoned the search, and had to give up
the idea of getting the information which I wanted
to send to my constituent, who had written to me
