1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
875
imttmrnt is the proper person to judgeof that, and
will doubtless <lo what ought to be done.
Mr. WALKKR. That comes with a good deal
of force. I expressed 110 opinion about what the
incoming Secretary ol" the Interior will do. 1 be-
Ittve whoever he may be, he will do right. 1 am
lusiilied m presuming that, for to presume the
contrary would be lo accuse him, whoever he may
be, and not knowing who he is, with doing wrong
before u is sli >wn. Hut this much 1 will say: that
whit is said by the Senator from Michigan is
disproved by tile facts as they have appeared to
the American public. The Secretary of the Inte-
rior has not done |tislice to the class of whom I
was speaking. He has tumbled, or suffered to be
kepi turn-led, in the basement story of the build-
ing. mmi'dertng and rotting, broken and trampled
umifr foot, the models. He has done it culpably,
it'the same time there was any room into which
he could have put them for the benefit of the public.
I am not going to presume against facts that the
Secretary of the Interior knows better than we do
what ought to be done. I say if he knows it, and
refuses to do right, it demands the coercive power
ot Congress over him. It is tolly to teil me that
the Seoetarv of the Interior knows what is right,
when I know that whether he knows it or not, he
will not do it. We know that it has been argued
in Congress that he is determined to thrust the
Department of the Interior into that building.
Then does he know better than I do! Have I not
gone there to look for models, and have I not
found them broken, and have I not been com-
pelled to trample on them : Are the models to be
left in that way' If he does not know more than
that, he does not know his duty. A class ot people
are appealing to us, not through the press, but in
strong and pathetic terms, to take care of their in-
terest, Ins the laboring class—the mechanics, the
inventors. We have heard a great deal of sympa-
thy expressed here this morning for them in a
nia'-'er in which they were not interested, but
when we touch their real interest, they have to
give way to the Department of the Interior, and
its clerks. Its hirelings must be turned upon them,
and their interest must be kept Iwtck. The Secre-
tary of the Interior, I repeat, has either not known
his duty, or knowing it he would not execute it;
or if knowing it, he was willing to execute it, he
has not had the power, because lie has not had the
room, and now when he isabout to have the room,
we are to take it from the purpose for which it
was designed. I am not going to yield to this
appeal to us to give up everything to the Secretary
of the Interior when I have this example before
me.
Mr. CASS. I have no feeling about this mat-
ter. I know* nothing about it. All I want is, that
a great public principle should not be forsaken.
The Commissioner of Patents is just as likely to
do wrong as the Secretary of the Interior. But
(he Secretary of the Interior acts under the direc-
tion of the President: and with respect to whether
there is any improper conduct in this or not, I
say I know nothing about it. I reckon that the
Secretary is a gentleman who acts honorably. But
it will not do for the Senator to take that ground.
If he has done wrong, impeach him; but that is
no reason why we should not trust this matter to
the Executive'Department. I will not dispute the
point for which the Senator contends; he has
greatly the advantage ot me, for I know nothing
about it. I do not think I have been in the build-
ing once this year, and not more than three times
last year. Therefore it is that I want to refer this
matterto a disinterested man, who, from his posi-
tion, his character, his responsibility to the public,
will have to act, and to act justly. If he does not,
impeach him; that is all. It is not the way to say
that we will not give any power because it may
be abused.
Mr. JAMES. I only desire that the mechanics
shall have what room they absolutely require.
Perhaps Senators do not know that inventors are
now paying into the Patent Office something like
$%.000 per annum. The inventors pay for all
expenses of the Government, as other citizens do,
and when they come to this city to perform cer-
tain duties, instead of going to a certain Depart-
ment or Bureau, like that of the War or the Navy,
and having clerks to copy what they want and
having all they ask free of charge, they are called
upon To pay a fee of $3') to commence with, and
certain contingent expenses afterwards. And, as
I observed, they nay $85,000 per annum into that !
Department. All 1 ask of the Senate is, that you
will give to these men the room that is absolutely
and indispensably necessary.
Mr. DAWSON. I desire to say one word
merely to my friend from Wisconsin. It has be-
come very habitual with him, lor the last two or
three days, to become excited in speaking, and
we might be led to believe, from his manner, that
he was in anger with some public officer. He has
announced to the country, and it will go out, and
it will generally be believed, that the Secretary of
the Interior has failed to discharge his duty in re-
lation to the Patent Office. 1 do not believe that he
meant to say that. He said he had not known
his duty, or had wilfully failed to do it. Now, I
know something about the manner in which the
Patent Office is managed, and I do not believe any
remark of that sort is justified. I never have heard
of any charge being made against the Secretary
from the Patent Office. Everything in that build-
ing has been as welt taken care of as it could be,
considering the state and condition of the building.
The building is not yet completed. Neither the
Secretary of the Interior nor the Commissioner of
Patents has failed to discharge his duty; and yet
the impression made this morning is, that there is
something wonderfully wrong there—that the in-
terests of the country are suffering because the
officers have failed to do their duty.
Mr. WALKER. Will the Senator permit me
to interrupt him? I was replying to the honor-
able Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Cass.] As to
making any charge, I was not doing anything of
the kind. 1 was saying, that if he had room,
and failed to use it, he did wrong; and I said it
was useless for the Senator from Michigan to tell
me that such was not the fact. In conclusion, I
said he was wrong, if there was room in the
building for the models to be preserved, and he
had neglected to use it; but that if he had not had
the room, he could not do it. I made no charge
whatever against the Secretary of the Interior, for
I know as well as the Senator from Georgia that
he has not had the room he needed, and now it is
proposed he shall not have it; that is, it is pro-
posed that the Department of the Interior shall go
into the Patent Office, and the Commissioner of
Patents shall not have it. One word more: We
know this, that the Department of the Interior,
or somebody else, has done what seemed to be
wrong to the patentees of the country and their
building. We have kept a cabinet of curiosities
in wha° was designed to be a place where the
models of inventions could be safely deposited,
and easily found and examined, while their models
are turned into the basement to be trampled upon.
Mr. DAWSON. I am much gratified at the
explanation of the Senator. Hence, it is not neces-
sary to say one word since there was no charge
made agair.st the Commissioner or the Secretary
of the Interior, and none was intended.
Mr. JAMES. 1 did not mean to reflect upon i
the Secretary of the Interior at all; for I am per- 1
fectly well aware that neither the Commissioner
of Patents nor the Secretary of the Interior could
go to the extent of the duty which we owe to the
patentees without further room.
Mr. WALKER called for the yeas and nays on
the amendment; and they were ordered.
Mr. BORLAND. I cannot say that I under- ,
stand very clearly what is the point in dispute.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
would state to the honorable Senator, that there is
a proviso in the bill, as sent from the House, that,
until directed by law, theSecretary of the Interior
shall not use the Patent Office for any other pur-
pose than the accommodation of the Patent Bu-
reau. The pending amendment of the Committee
on Finance is to strike out that proviso.
Mr. BORLAND. Then, if Iunderstand it, the
proposition, as it came to us from the House of
Representatives, is to direct in what manner the
Secretary of the Interior shall occupy the build-
ings with the officers at his disposal. The Patent
Office, as well as the various bureaus of the De-
partment of the Interior, are under his direction;
and the Patent Office Buildings, as well as the
other buildings repted or owned by the Govern-
' ment under his Department, should be within his
direction. Then, if we are to have a Secretary of
the Interior who knows his duty, and will do it, I
cannot see why we should restrict him by law in
i the use of the room which may be found in the
Patent Office Building, any more than any other
building which may be occupied by any of the
officers connected with his Department. It is a
matter which should be left to his discretion. The
Patent Bureau is under his direction, and the Pat-
ent Office should be subject to his care and direc-
tion. It seems to niethat he is as much bound fo
take proper care of that, as of any other bureau
in the Dopartment; I cannot, therefore, see the ne-
cessity for imposing this restriction upon him.
I agree fully with the Senator from Wisconsin
in all he has said in regard to the Patent Office. I
think it has been somewhat neglected heretofore,
and I have had occasion to complain of the occu-
pation of what seems to be much the largest por-
tion of that office with a cabinet of curiosities, as
bugs, reptiles, etc., in which no one takes any in-
terest, but which were placed there to gratify the
curiosity of visitors to the citjT, who might choose
to go there and spend an idle hour. That cabinet
may all be very well in itself, but it was not suffi-
ciently valuable for the Smithsonian Institution—
an institution which exists here for the increase
and diffusion of knowledge among men—to which
it was given, to give it house-room. When it was
offered to them, they absolutely refused to take it;
and yet we find that the largest portion of the
Patent Office is occupied with it, and in conse-
quence of that occupation, the models which illus-
trate the mechanical genius of our country are
thrust down into the basement—the damp and
mouldering vaults of the building occupied by the
Patent Office, for vaults they are, dark and damp,
and ruinous to whatever mny be put in them.
The upper portion of the building, which is light
and airy, and well adapted for the display of the
models, is filled with bugs and lizards for the grati-
fication of the visitors to Washington city, and
those who have nothing else to do but to lounge in
a handsome room and look at something of bright
and beautiful colors. Now, I think that a Secre-
tary of the 1 nterior who understands his duty, and
will faithfully execute it, as I have no doubt the
incoming Secretary will, should have full discre-
tion. 1 am unwilling in any way to restrict his
authority over the whole Department, and I ex-
pect that he will make such use of the bureaus as
will do justice to all.
Mr. HALE. I want to know one fact before I
vote. A number of gentlemen have expressed a
great deal of confidence that the incoming Secre-
tary of the Interior will be a very good man to do
the business. I want to know who he will be.
[Laughter.]
The question being taken by yeas and nays
upon the amendment, resulted—yeas 24, nays 22;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Adnms, Bell, Borland, Brooke, Butler,
Cass, Clarke, Dawson, De Saussure, Fish, Fitzpntrick,
Geycr, Gwin, Hale, Houston, Hunter, Mangum, Mat-on,
Miller, Pettit, Rusk, Soul#, Spruance, Toucey, and Wei-
NAVS—Messrs. Badger, Bradbury, Broilliead, Charlton,
Cha«e, Davis, Dodge of Iowa, Douglas, Felch, Foot, James,
1 Morton, Nnrria, Phelps, Pratt, Sebastian, Seward, Smith,
' Sumner, Underwood, Wade, and Walker—22.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
increase the appropriation for " blank books, bind-
in®, stationery, and labor," from $750 to $1,250.
Mr. HUNTER. That is to restore the item
to the estimate.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment, which was to reduce the
appropriation for miscellaneous items of contin-
gent expenses of the Northwest Executive Build-
ing from $1,000 to $600, was agreed to.
The next amendment was to amend the clause
making an appropriation for salaries of the officers
of the Mint at Philadelphia, by authorizing the
employment of six instead of three clerks, and
to increase the appropriation from $21,000 to
$22,220.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to increase the ap-
propriation for wages of workmen at the Mint at
Philadelphia from $24,000 to $72,000.
Mr. HUNTER. We have proposed to in-
crease these items of appropriation for the Mint
because, since the passage of the silver coinage
bill, the system has been changed. The profits
of the coinage are now required to be paid directly
into the Treasury; and we have to estimate what
was formerly paid out for these items.
The amendment was agreed to.
