1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
879
will be in order for him to move to strike out the
word " exclusive," because it does not come with-
in the scope of my amendment. At the sugges-
tion of Senators, I modify my amendment by
saying " supervision" instead of " direction."
The amendment of Mr. Hale was agreed to.
Mr. MANGUM. I now move to strike out
the word " exclusive."
The motion was agreed to.
The question recurred on the amendment of the
eommittee to strike out the clause as amended;
and it was not agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out Jl,-
377 50, and insert $1,800 in the following clause:
"For compensation of two draw-keepers and a watch-
man at the Potomac Bridge, and lor fuel and oil for lamps,
§1,377 50; and for repairing the Long Bridge across the
Potomac river, $*20,000."
Mr. HUNTER. That is according to estimate,
to pay the salary of a keeper, which was left out
by the House.
Mr. HALE. I hope that amendment will not
be adopted. I understand that it is for the repair
of the Long Bridge.
Mr. HUNTER. No, sir. There is a pro-
vision in the bill for repairing the Long Bridge,
and this is to amend the provision in which that
occurs.
Mr. HALE. Then I wish to inquire whether
it is in order now to move to strike out the whole
clause.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Not until this ,
amendment is disposed of. ]
Mr. HALE. If the Senate adopt the amend-
ment, I shall ask them to hear me in a few words
on a motion to strike out the whole clause, and I
shall confine myself to a statement of the facts.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. Now I move to strike out the
whole of that clause.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not in or-
der for individual Senators to move amendments
until the amendments proposed by the Committee
on Finance shall have been gone through with.
They have priority.
Mr. HALE. I differ most essentially with the
Chair in that particular. This is an amendment
to an amendment. The committee propose to
amend in a particular manner, and I move to
strike out the whole clause which has thus been
amended. I submit to the Chair that this mode 1
of going through the bill is a mere matter of con-
venience. There is no rule of parliamentary law,
and there is no rule of the Senate which gives the ,
committees any priority in offering amendments, j
It is a matter which is submitted to by unanimous j
consent as a convenience.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. TheChair dif-
fers entirely from the Senator from New Hamp-
shire on that point. This bill was referred to the
Committee on Finance for the purpose of report-
ing it with such amendments as they might deem
proper, and the established usage of the Senate is
that when a bill is reported with such amend-
ments, those amendments are first to be consid-
ered.
Mr. BELL. That is the parliamentary law.
Mr. RUSK. Let me give an additional reason.
The chairman of the Committee on Finance was
anxious to have the vote taken on all these amend- !
ments together. They are the work of the Com- i
mittee on Finance, and as a matter of course have [
preference, because they are first reported. The ;
proposition mad e this morning by the chairman of
the committee, to take the vote on all the amend-
ments together, was objected to, and their sepa-
rate consideration was called for. We are not
through with them. They have been firstoffered,
and must first be decided. j
Mr. HALE. These amendments were all
adopted substantially in Committee of the Whole,
and the bill is now in the Senate.
Several Senators. In the Committee of the
Whole. J
The PRESIDING OFFICE. At the sugges- !
tion of the Chair, the amendments were not sub-
mitteed in committee, but the bill was reported to
the Senate without amendment, and the amend- 1
ments have been submitted in the Senate. They
have not been passed upon before.
Mr. HALE. Does the Chair rule that my
amendment is not in order?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Not until the
amendments of the committee have been disposed
Mr. HALE. Very well.
The next amendment was to increase the appro-
priation for the compensation of two draw-keepers
at the two bridges across the eastern branch of the
Potomac, and for fuel and oil for lamps, from 8900
to p,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert the follow-
ing :
" For surveying, leveling, and measuring the triangular
square on the north side of Pennsylvania avenue, between
Thirteenth and Fourteenth streets, $42.
" For supplying a deficiency in the appropriation made
March 3,1849, for completing the room under the Senate
Post Office, $451 31."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to increase the ap-
propriation for salaries and incidental expenses of
the commission for settling land claims in Cali-
fornia, from $50,000 to $75,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to add, at the end of
the clause making appropriations for that purpose,
the following:
"And the office of assistant law agent is hereby abolished ;
but from and after the 30th day of June, 1853, each of the
commissioners for settling said land claims shall receive a
salary of $8,000 per annum, instead of the salary which he
now receives."
Mr. WELLER. I desire to have some expla-
nation of this amendment from the chairman of the
committee. This office of assistant law agent was
created under the act of August 30, 1852. The
twelfth section of that act provided " that the
' President of the United States may appoint an
'associate law agent in California, learned in the
' law, and skilled in the English and Spanish lan-
' guages, whose duties and compensation shall be
* the same as those of the law agent."
That office was created at the last session of
Congress on the representations, not only of the
Secretary of the Interior, but of the Board of Com-
missioners and the law agent. As to the necessity
of its continuance, I undertake to say that it is im-
possible for the law agent to discharge all the duties
imposed upon him by law, and the continuance
of the office, therefore, is indispensable. It is ex-
ceedingly desirable, not only for the Government,
but the claimants to land in California, that their
rights should be passed upon at as early a day as
possible. In order to dispatch the business which
is before that Board of Land Commissioners, it
is absolutely necessary that there should be an
assistant law agent. As I said before, from my
knowledge of the business before that Board, I
know that it is utterly impossible for one man to
perform all the duties of law agent. Therefore
I ask that the chairman, or some member of the
Committee on Finance, should tell me why it is
that that which was so indispensable at the last
session of Congress should now be abolished ? I
am sure I never would have voted for the creation
of the office if I had not been satisfied that it was
absolutely necessary.
Mr. GWIN. This amendment was introduced
by the Committee on Finance at my suggestion,
and I will give my reasons for proposing it. This
office was created originally on the statement of
my colleague [Mr. Weller] that the law agent !
was not competent, when appointed, to discharge !
the duties of the office. There was great complaint
of his want of competency. In order that no ,
cause for delay should exist, and to exonerate the
Board of Commissioners, who had done nothing
up to the close of the last session of Congress,
from neglect of duty if they did not act, I agreed I
that an assistant law agent should be appointed, '
because we had no control over the appointing 1
power, and could not displace the law agent who
was charged here and in California with incompe-
tency. Since the assistant law agent has been ap-
pointed, there has been no intercourse between
him and the law agent, for the latter has been here
during nearly the whole of this session of Con-
gress. He has not been in California for months
past. I undertake to say that if the assistant law
agent can discharge the duties of both offices, as
he has ever since he was appointed, we do not re-
! quire these two officers at a salary of $5,000 each.
, If I thought it was necessary to have two law
agents, I should not hesitate to ask for the double ;
I salary; but as the assistant has done all the labor ;
since he was appointed, and I have never heard
any complaint that he does not meet all the require-
ments of the law, one of the offices ought to be
abolished. Since the assistant agent has been ap-
pointed, he has been with the Board of Commis-
sioners, and they have not been delayed an hour,
so far as my knowledge extends, and I was in
California after the assistant agent was appointed.
At the time I agreed that this office should be
created, it was asserted that the agent could not
perform all the duties required of him. I thought
otherwise, but acquiesced for fear I was mistaken.
I am sure now I was not, and that one efficient
agent is all that is necessary. Since the appoint-
ment of the assistant, the law agent has not been
with the Board, and it seems to me that inasmuch
as the appointing power is passing into other
hands, if the gentleman who was appointed assist-
ant is equal, as he seems to be, to the discharge of
the duties now imposed upon both officers, he can
be appointed to the office of law agent, and thus
fully secure and protect the interests of the Gov-
ernment.
Mr. WELLER. I understood that the only
complaints against the law agent were that he did
not come up to the requisitions of the law. The
law required him to be skilled in the English and
Spanish languages. I made complaint myself on
this floor that a law agent had been selected who
was not sufficiently acquainted with the Spanish
language to be able to examine in a proper man-
ner those titles in the original. An assistant law
agent was then appointed who did understand the
Spanish language; a gentleman of ability, of char-
acter, and integrity. Now, so far as a knowledge
of his profession is concerned, I have no doubt
! that the law agent was amply competent; and I
j undertake to say, from the information of legal
gentlemen in whom I have confidence, that there
has been no professional man in that country for
the last twelve months who has performed more
labor than that law agent. It requires a great
deal of care and attention in the preparation of
these cases. A great deal of labor, mental and
physical, is necessary to prepare them for argu-
ment. He has from fifty to sixty lawyers op-
posed to him. The whole bar ison the otherside.
The ablest counsel in the country are enlisted in
behalf of the claimants; gentlemen who are stim-
ulated by large contingent fees. He has not only
to attend to the preparation of cases, but he is re-
quired to take depositions—to attend before the
Land Commissioners and take testimony whenever
any of the claimants see proper. I hold, there-
fore, thatitis the business of one man, and would
occupy the whole of his time, to attend to the
taking of depositions, and that it will'be utterly
impossible for a lawyer to prepare himself to argue
cases involving from $200,000 to $500,000—as
most of those cases involve—unless he is allowed
to be in his office, so as to have an opportunity of
examining the authorities, and preparing his briefs
for argument. His time should not be employed,
nor his mind distracted, by out-door business.
Justice to the Government demands that he should
give each case, with all its features, a close and
critical investigation.
So far as regards the absence of the law agent
j adverted to by my colleague, I understand that
1 about the middle of last November, he left Cali-
fornia, in consequence of his impaired health. His
; physician had informed him that it was utterly im-
possible for him to continue his labors there. His
health was broken down, and, as I am advised,
by the weight of the labors imposed upon him by
his position, and by the pride of character which
induced him to exert himnelf so as to be able to
meet the opposing counsel. He came here in the
middle of December with the intention of return-
j ing on the 20th January. He has been detained
here from that time, under the orders of the Sec-
retary of the Interior, as 1 learn, and been engaged
in the investigation of cases of vast importance in
reference to California—important not only to the
public, but to private individuals. Wherefore,
I then, should he be reproached for having remained
here, when it has been under the orders of the
Secretary of the Interior, and when he has been
engaged in the prosecution of his professional du-
ties in the investigation of land tides in California?
I am informed that he has been examining ques-
tions here deeply affecting the interests of Califor-
nia. Of this I have no personal knowledge.
I am opposed to the abolition of this office, be-
