882
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 263
The SPEAKER. When the House adjourned I
on yesterday, the Clerk was in the act of reading !
certain papers involving;, as the gentleman from ,
North Carolina [Mr. Stanly] contends, a ques-
on of privilege.
Mr. STANLY. They will be read as a matter
of courtesy. No one will object, I presume.
Mr. VENABLE. They ought to be read.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I hope there will
be no objection this morning to the reading of
these papers. Let us dispose of them, and go on
with the regular business of the House.
The papers were then read, as follows:
Department of the Interior, >
Washington, February 25, 1853. s
My dear Sir: I was surprised to learn last evening that
I had been assailed in the House of Representatives yester
day, lor a wrong alleged to have been committed by me in
regard to a youth named Collin*, who is a clerk in the Pen
sion Office. you were kind enough to contribute your
aid in my defense, and as jou are mv immediate represent-
ative, I beg leave to furnish jou uith a statement of the
facts of the case, in the hope that you mav be able to find
a suitable opportunity to present them to the House and the
country.
In the month of April, 1852, Mr. Collins, a clerk in the
Pension Office, died suddenly, leaving a widow and a nuin
ber of children, a< 1 was informed, in a state of great de>ti-
tution. On the day of his death, and while his corpse  till
lay in his house, the Rev. F. S. Evan--, who had been min-
istering to his wants during his illness, came to the Depart-
ment, and with great feeling represented the distressed con-
dition of the fa mi I v, and begged me to appoint a son of the
deceased clerk to fill his father'- place. He represented him |
to be a hoy about fifteen years of age, and candidly admitted
that he wa« not competent to fill the position without assist
ance. But he informed ine that to obviate the difficulty he, ■
with the consent of the family of Mr. Collins, had spoken
to Mr Kane, an able and experienced clerk, who wa« a
friend of the late Mr. Collins, and that he had consented to
exercise a fatherly supervision over the boy—to instruct
him in his duties, and to perform such parts of them as the
boy could not discharge and that it was understood that Mr.
Kane, in consideration of these serviees, was to receive a
suitable compensation out of the salary of the boy. Being
thus assured that the public interests would not suffer by
the anangenifiit, 1 agreed to appoint the boy to his father's i
office. In regard to the further detail-., j knew nothing, as
the parties were all strangers to jne, and up to the present |
hour I do not know that I have ever seen one ol them. i
heard no complaint from any quarter, and had flattered my-
self that I had done a commendable act in saving a family
from want, and putting a meritorious boy in tin- path to pro-
motion. But in the month of September last, Colonel Gen-
try called at the Department and made some complaint on
the subject to the Chief Clerk, who addresser! a letter to the
Commissioner of Pensions asking an explanation of the
facts.
On the 1st day of October last, I inclosed a copy of the
report of the Commissioner of Pensions to Colonel Gentry,
with a letter of my own explanatoiy of the facts of the case, 1
which I regret that Colonel Gentry did not think proper to
read to the House. I now send you a copy of it. |1
Mr. Gentry has fallen into several errors of tact. The j
boy was not represented to me as bixtt'en \ears of age, but !
about fitteen, and so far from being a com yet en t cleik, he I
could not perform the most simple duties ot the station with- j
out aid. t had nothing to do with the negotiation of the l
arrangement, and certainly did nothing to require that it '
should be entered into, [t was a family arrangement—vol- !
untarily agreed upon by the parties interested, before 1 was
con>ulted. I piesume I should have known nothing about
it. but for the fact that it was necessary to give me some
satisfactory reason lor appointing a boy or *uch tender
years, and who was acknowledged not to be competent,
without aid, to discharge the duties of the office. Without 1
some Mich satisfactory assurance as was afforded by the
engagement ot Mr. Kane, 1 certainly would not have ap-
pointed joung Collins, for I would not have felt justified in
lollowmg the dictates of humanity at the expense of the
public service. When Colonel Gentiy called on me offi-
cially to annul this private contract between these parties,
1 de< lined to do so. The family had procured the appoint-
ment ot young Collins m con-equence of the arrangement
of Mr. Kane, and I thought that they had rio right to call on
me to aid them in repudiating their contract. Kane had
been their benefactor. Through his aid the family had ob-
tained the, means of support, and if they begrudged the com-
pensation which they bad themselves agreed to allow him
for his assistance and instruction to tbe boy, I did not feel
that it was proper for me to unite in carrying out such a
purpose.
I herewith submit also a statementfiom Rev. F. S. Evan*
on the subject.
In conclusion, I take the libertv of saying, that I chal-
lenge the nmst rigid scrutiny into this and every other offi-
cial act. All I desire is, that the facts shall be fully and
fairly investigated before a judgment is pronounced.
f have the honor to be, very respectfully, jour friend
and obedient servant,
ALEX.'II. H. STUART.
Hon. John Letcher, House of Representatives.
Pepartmfnt of the Interior, )
„ , _ Washington-, October I, IS52. S
Sir: During my absence from the city, you called at the
Department, as f learn, m relation to the ca>-e of vounz
Collins, of the Pension Office. Inologed is a copy of the
Commissioner's reply to a note of inquiry addressed to him
on the subject by the Chief Clerk ot the Department I
mav add thereto, that when Mr. Colhns's father died, it "was
well known thattheson was not fully qualified to discharge 1
the duties required of a clerk in that office, but in consider- 1
ation of the dependent condition of his mother's family I [
consented to place him there at the rate of $1,000 per an- I
hum, with the express understanding, tully acquiesced in i
by all the p.uties concerned, that m consideration ot the aid
and instruction which it w<\* agreed Mr. Kane, his room-
mate, was to afford him, he vvas, to pay him .5*2(10 out ot his
compensation. It was with this expie>s undeistaiiding that
the appointment was conferred upon Mr. Collins, and vvnh-
, out it, [ should not have telt justified in making it, nor should
! I feel authorized, in viewof the public interest, in retaining
j him in office, without some such arrangement, however
| much I may teel disposed to extend assistance to the family
I of Mr. Collins.
I 1 am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
! ALEX. H. H. STUART.
| Hon. M. P. Gentry.
Pension Office, February 25 ,\$o3.
Dear Sir: I have received, and hasten to repiy to your
communication of yesterday, in relation to some remarks
] made in the House of Representatives, about the appoint-
' nient of a clerk m the Pension Office, "with the under-
standing that he was to contribute a portion ot his'salary to
some-other person."
I presume the case alluded to is that of young Collins.
Shortly atter I took charge ot this office, Mr. Collins, of
Tennessee, one of the clerks, died, leaving, as was under-
stood, a helpless widowand son. It occurred to me that the
young man, although a mere boy, might be useful, but that
it vva  not necessary or just to place him on an equal foot-
ing with the old and experienced clerks, in regard to com-
pensation. [ suggested, ilieretore, in a communication
which I addressed to you at the time, that young Collins
should be appointed, at the rate of #6UU per annum, and that
the residue ol y200 should be added to the salary ot Doctor
Kane, tme ot the oest clerks in the office, and whose com- ■
pensation was only $1,000. 1 understood on inquiry that |
such arrangement had been frequently made m the various [
Departments, and in the particular case referred to, it was |
dictated solely by considerations of humanity and justice, j
Vou had no other agency in the matter than to give sanction i
to the arrangement, ami it neverjoecurred to ine that it in-
volved any violation of law. If there be any blame in the
transaction, I should at least take my full share of it, as it
was upon my representations that you sanctioned it.
I will add, moreover, that it was distinctly understood at
the time that the family were perlectly satisfied with the
appointment on the terms proposed. It was made at the
earnest soheitauon of both mother and son. ;
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
J. E. HEATH, Commissioner of Pensions.
Hon, Alex. H. II. Stuart, Secretary of the Interior. j
Pension Office, September 30,1852. !
DearPir: The case of young Collins is simply this:
His tatlier was a clerk in the Pension Office, and died Mid-
denly, in April, 185*2, leaving a widow and children said to
be very dependent. The case was represented to the Sec-
retary, who authorized the appointment of her son to the
clerkship held by the father. Rut young Collins being but
little more than a boy, and Dr. Kane being an experienced
and valunble clerk, having a salary of $1,000 only, and a
large family to support, I thought it just that he should be
placed on a tooting with the jyl/iOO clerks, and that young
Collins could well bear the corresponding reduction of $2<K).
This arrangement was communicated to the Secretary, and
unless I am mistaken, was sanctioned by him. There was
some complaint made by one or more of the Tennessee
delegation, and I made a report on the subject, which I
was under the impression had been generally acquiesced
in. Arrangements of the kind are frequently made, I am
informed,in other bureaus, and the importance and neces-
sity of something of the kind must be obvious to all.
Yours very truly, J. E. HEATH. i
George C. Whiting, Esq.
Washington, February 25,18,*3.
Dear Sir: Agreeablj to jour request I have to state,
that when I was Chief Clerk of the Pension Office, Mr.
Collins, a very worthy man and a good clerk, sickened and
died. I was much attached to him, and felt deeply for the
family. He lett a widow and a son, a youth, with probably
one or two more children. In order to afford means of
support to the family, [ proposed to the Secretary of the
Interior to appoint young Collins to the vacant place, at
$700 per annum, and to tranter the remaining $ JOU toother
clerks. This, I understood, not only met the views of the
family, but was gratefully received. Indeed, I regarded it
as an act of kindness on the part of the Secretary. I would
moreover state that I have understood this division of sal-
aries has been ftequently done in the public offices. Ire-;
garded it as an act of pure chanty. Very respectfully, 1
F. S. EVANS. i
Hon. A. H.H.Stuart, Secretary of Interior. \
Mr. STANLY. I rise to withdraw the motion I
I made yesterday raising the question of privilege. ;
Being satisfied that the House would do, as they 1
have done, an act of justice to the Secretary, in
having those papers read, I have no occasion to ,
insist upon it. ]
The SPEAKER. If not objected to, the fact i
that the papers were read by unanimous consent, ;
will go upon the Journal, and the Journal of yes- I
terday in that immediate connection will be made '
to correspond with the fact. |
Mr. STANLY. I only desire to say that no '
charge had been made, as I understand, by the
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Gentry,] who I 1
am sorry to see is not in his seat. The whole case
is before the public, and there let it rest. My pur-
pose is answered, and I do not want to found any
proceedings upon it.
Mr. CABLE, of Ohio. I object to this matter j
going upon the Journal. j
I The SPEAKER. The papers do not go upon
I the Journal, but the fact merely that the papers?
! were read by unanimous consent.
Mr. CABLE. Will there be anythingupon the
Journal preceding this to which this refers' When
this matter was up before, if I recollect, it was in
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, where there is no record made. I mean
when Mr. Gentry presented this question.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman perhaps was
not in the Ilall yesterday when this subject was
brought up on a privileged question. The Chair
overruled the question of privilege.
Mr. CABLE. This is the point of inquiry.
This matter was brought before the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union by Mr. Gen-
try, and I wish to inquire if anything in relation
to that matter will appear upon the Journal to
which this day's Journal will recur?
The SPEAKER. This paper will not appear
upon the Journal. The simple fact that the paper
was read by unanimous consent this morning
must appear upon the Journal. The question now
pending is upon the suspension of the rules upon
the motion made by th&gentleman from Alabama,.
[Mr. Bragg.]
Mr. WILLIAMS. I ask permission of the
gentleman from Alabama, to say a few words.
Mr. BRAGG. I will yield the floor to the
gentleman for that purpose.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Williams] can be heard only by
unanimous consent.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I ask permission to say
only a few avords. I desire to state, after having-
heard the letter of the Secretary of the Interior,
and the other gentlemen, read, as an act of simple
justice to young Collins, that the fact was doubt-
less true at the juncture of time at which he was
appointed, that he was incompetent to perform the
duties of a cferk.
Mr. STUART. Is this debate in order?
The SPEAKER. It is in order. Thequestion
was put distinctly to the House, whether the gen-
tleman should by unanimous consent be permitted
to make his remarks, and no objection was made.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. Collins died some
months before the assembling of this Congress,
and Mr. Stuart appointed his son to fill his place.
When I arrived here some months afterwards,
young Collins came to me, as he had formerly
lived in my district, and stated that he was receiving
$700 a year, and that he was performing full duty
in the office. Not relying entirely upon young'
Collins's statement, I requested a friend, a clerk in
that Department, with whom I was well acquaint-
ed, to inquire into the facts, and ascertain whether
it was true that he discharged full duty at his
desk. I received information, that he had dis-
charged his whole duty. I then went in person
to the Secretary of the Interior and informed him
of the fact. He thought that I must be mistaken,
and he stated that he would look into the matter.
As to the fact stated by Mr. Gentry, there was
no mistake in fact, because at the time Mr. Stuart
appointed young Collins, he was perhaps only
fifteen years of age, and at the time Colonel Gen-
try made the application in regard to his salary he
was sixteen years of age; it was a year afterwards.
1 have never looked at this question in the light
that many have done. I do not desire to go fur-
ther at this time, than to do an act of justice to a
boy, who, as I believe, has discharged his whole
duty at his desk.
PRE-EMPTIOJV RIGHTS.
The SPEAKER. The question is upon the
suspension of the rules upon the motion made by
the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Bragg,] to
take up Senate bill No. 586, to extend preemption
rights to unsurveyed lands, and for other pur-
poses.
The bill was then read, as follows:
Be it enacted by the Senate and Mouse of Representatives
of the Lnifed States of •America %n Congress assembled,
That so much of the provisions of the act approved the 4th of
September, 1841. entitled c*An act to appropriate the pro-
ceeds ot the sales of the public lands, and to urant preemp-
tion rights, as prevents aright of preemption from accruing to
a person who shall have settled, or who shall settle, on land
reserved to the United States alternate to other sections
granted to any of the State*, for the construction of any ca-
nal, railroad, or other public improvement,'' be, and the same
is hereby, repealed. And the right of preemption is hereby
granted to the person who, at the passage of this law, is an
actual settler, on either of the aforesaid classes of land, and
who made the first settlement thereon, and to the first set-
