1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
883
tier who shall hereafter settle on any tract of said lands not
rightfully churned bv any existing settler, at the date of tins
act, U the disabilities rcmovd by this repeal thereof had
never existed: Provided* That the settler on un>urveyed
land !>hall give "notice" provided by Uw, to the register
of the propei land office, within three months alter the tiling
of the pint of survey m said register's otiice; and the settler,
atflie date ot this law, on any of the alternate sections re-
ferred to, shall nlesueh "notice" within three months from ,
the date of this act; and when he coine* forward to c n-
puimnate hi> claim by tilniir tlie neces*ar\ proof,s-hall make
pavinent therefor at the increased miniinmn attached to the
land claimed : Provided further* That any settler who has
settled, or nmv hereafter settle, on lands heretofore reserved
on account of claims under French or Spanish grants which
have been, or shall he hereafter declared by the Supreme
Court of the United States to be invalid, shall be entitled to
all the right-s of preemption granted by this act and the said
act of 4th of September, IS >f, atter the land uhall have been
released fiom re-ervation, in the same manner as if no reser-
vation had, at the tune of the settlement, existed.
The question was then taken upon the suspen-
sion of the rules, and there were—ayes 91, noes
not counted.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of Connecticut, demanded
the yeas and nays, and tellers upon the yeas and
nays.
'tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Gray and
Clivgmax were appointed.
The House was divided, and the tellers re-
ported that there were—ayes 34, noes not counted.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
[Mr. WILDRICK, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as correctly engrossed the
following bills:
S. R. No. 23. A resolution for straightening
the eastern boundary of the naval hospital lands
at New York.
S. No. 429. An act for the relief of Benjamin
S. Roberts.
S. No. 59. An act to provide compensation to
such persons as may be designated by the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to receive and keep the public
money under the 15th section of the act of the
6th of August, 1846, for the additional services
required under that act.]
Mr. BRAGG. In order that the House may
vote understanding^, I take the liberty of saying,
that if the rules are suspended, I shall move to
strike out all of the bill after the enacting clause,
and to insert, in lieu thereof, the following amend-
ment as a substitute, viz:
That the preemption laws of the United States, as they
now exist, be, and they are hereby, extended over the al-
ternate reserved sections of public lands along the lines of
all the railroads in the United States, wherever alternate
sections of public lands have been granted by acts of Con- j
press; and that it shall be the privilege of the persons re- I
Mding on any of said reserved lands, to pay for the same 1
in soldiers' bounty land warrants, or hi gold and silver, or !
both, in preference to any other person, and at any time be- i
fore they !>hall be offered for sale at public auction: Pro- j
tvied, The price to be paid shall, in all cases, be 50 per
acre, or such other minimum price as is now fixed by law ,
upon said lands, and no one person shall have the right of
preemption to more than one hundred and sixty acres of j
said land. |
Mr. SEYMOUR, of Connecticut. I would sug- '
gest to the gentleman that he should offer that as
a separate bill.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I wish to ask
the gentleman from Alabama if he will accept this
as a modification ?
JInd provided further, That this act shall not extend to
any case where such residence commenced at a period
subsequent to the reservation of such alternate sections
as aforesaid.
[Cries of " That's right!" "That's right!"]
Mr. BRAGG accepted the amendment as a
modification of his amendment.
The question was then taken on the motian to
suspend the rules,and there were—yeas 104, nays
59; as follows:
YE AS—Messrs. Aiken, Ashe, Averett, David J. Bailey,
Thomas H. Bayly, Barrere, Bartlett, Bell, Bowie, John H.
Boyd, Bragg, Brenton, Bnggs, Albert G. Brown, Geoige H.
Brown, Busby, Joseph Cable, Thompson Campbell, Cart-
ter, Caskie, Chandler, Chastain, Clark, Clemens, Cobb,
Conger, Cottman, Daniel. Darhy, John G.Davis, Dawson,
Disney, Doty, Duncan, burkee, Eastman, Edgerton, Ed-
mund^on, Fickiin, Fi'ch, Florence, Fieenian, Thomas J.
D. Fuller, Gilinore, Green, Gray, Grow, Hall, Hamilton,
Isham G. Harris, Sampson W. Harris, Henri, Hibbard,
Holladay, Houston, Hunter, Jackson, Andrew Johnson,
John Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, Geor«e W. Jones, J,
Glancy Jones, Kurtz, Landry, Letcher, Mace, McCorkle,
McDonald. McNair, McQueen, Meade, Miller, Molony,
Henry D. Moore, John Moore, Morehead. Murphy,Nabers,
Orr, Samuel W\ Parker, Peaslee, Penn, Phelps, Porter,
Richardson, Riddle, ltobbins, Robinson, Skelton, Smith,
Benjamin Stanton, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H. Stan-
ton, Abraham P. Stephens, Stone, St. Martin, Taylor,
Townshend, Walsh, Watkins, Welch, Addison White,
Williams, and Yates—104.
NAYS—Messrs. Charles Allen, Allison, John Appleton,
William Appleton, Bahcock, Bowne, Brooks, Burrows,
1 Caldwell, Chapman, Cleveland,Chnginan, Coleock, Dean,
Dot kery, Evans, Fay, Gamble, Giddings Goodenow, fl.nrj '
lJa> ca]|, llaven, llebard, lloi>ford, Howard, John W. ,
iiowe,Thomas M. Howe, Thomas V. How. Ives, Jenkins,
Daniel T. Jones, George G.King. Preston King, Kuhns,
Little, Mann, Martin, AlcMullin, Million, Murray, Newton,
Penniman, Hobie, Sackett, Schoomnaker, Scurry, Origen
S. Seymour, Stanly, Alexander H. Stephens, Stratum,
Sutherland, Sweetser, Toomb-s, VValbridge, Washburn,
Wells, Wildrick, and Woodward—59.
So, two thirds not voting in the affirmative, the
rules were not suspended.
MILITARY ACADEMY BILL.
Mr. HIBBARD. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. The Committee of Conference upon the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses on House
bill No. 332 have directed me to make a report,
which I now send to the Clerk's desk.
The Clerk read the report, which is as follows:
The Committee of Conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses on Hou>e bill No. 33-2, making appropria-
tions for the support of the Military Academy lor the year
ending 3Uth June, 1S54," have met, and after full and free
conference have agreed to recommend, and do recommend,
as follows: That the Senate recede from its second and
fourth amendments to said bill.
The following are the amendments above re-
ferred to:
Second amendment:
" For riding and exercise-hall, $12,000."
Fourth amendment: j
" Sec. 2. Jind be it further enacted, That hereafter the
professoiw of French and drawing shall receive the pay and ,
emoluments allowed toother professors; and the sum of j
jjl,H0i) is hereby appropriated lor that purpose, out ol any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated." j
Mr. HIBBARD. 1 will simply state that the >
Senate have adopted thereportof their committee, ,
and have receded from their amendments, and no j
further action of the House will be necessary if
this report is agreed to.
The question was then taken, and the report of
the Committee of Conference was agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. EDGERTON. I move that the House
resolve itself into a Committee of the Whole
House on the Private Calendar.
The SPEAKER. This being private bill day,
the question will first be put 011 the motion of the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Edgerton.]
Mr. EDGERTON. I call for tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
The question was then taken on Mr. Edger-
ton's motion, and it was disagreed to.
The question recurred upon the motion sub-
mitted by Mr. Houston.
Mr. STUART. 1 appeal to the gentleman
from Alabama [Mr. Houston] to withdraw his
motion for a moment, to allow me to take up the
bill to extend the law in regard to the protection
of the lives of passengers in steamboats. We
can pass it in five minutes.
[Cries of "Oh, no !" and "Object!"]
Mr. STANLY. 1 rise to a question of order.
1 desire to ask if reports from committees are not
in order this morning ?
The SPEAKER. They are not. This is pri-
vate bill day.
Mr. STUART. 1 hope the gentleman from
Alabama will withdraw his motion.
Many Members. "No, no!" and "Object!"
Mr. CLINGMAN. I shall object to your mo-
tion, if he does.
Mr. HOUSTON. A dozen gentlemen say they
would object to the bill which the gentleman from
Michigan [Mr. Stuart] proposes to take up. I
cannot, therefore, withdraw my motion.
The question was then taken on Mr. Houston's
motion, and it was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended, and the House re-
solved itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, (Mr. King, of New York,
in the chair,) and resumed the consideration of the
bill " making appropriations for the support of the
Navy for the year ending June 30, 1854."
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The CHAIRMAN. When the committee last
rose, the following clause of the bill was under
consideration:
" Fur repair of vessels in ordinary, and for wear and tear
of vessels in commission, including fuel and purchase of
hemp, $1,700,000."
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Brooks]
moved to amend the clause by adding thereto the
following:
"Provided, That no part of the aforesaid sum shall be
expended to repair an old ve=sel when a new one can be
built for the same sum."
The gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Millson]
moved to amend the amendment, by adding:
" Except in the case of the frigate Constitution.''
The question is upon the amendment to the
amendment.
Mr. M1LLSON. I had misunderstood the
character of the amendment of the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Brooks.] I find that mine is
not necessary, and I withdraw it.
Mr. HOUSTON. Upon examination of that
item, I find that there is a mistake in the amount
as set forth in the printed bill. The committee in-
tended to give the whole of the estimate, after a
deduction of $-^27,000, the amount necessary for
building new vessels. That would leave $1,941,-
450, but instead of that, $1,700,000 has been in-
serted. It is a mistake, and I desire the general
consent of the committee to correct it.
The CHAIRMAN. It can be done by a mo-
tion. The question must first be taken on the
amendment of the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Brooks,] which has been debated.
The question was then taken 011 Mr. Brooks's
amendment, and it was rejected.
Mr. HOUSTON. I now ask for the correction
of the clerical error which I have pointed out.
The CHAIRMAN. If there be no objection,
the correction will be made.
No objection was made, and the amount was
accordingly changed to $1,941,450.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I offer the fol-
lowing amendment:
Provided, That the Secretary ofthe Navy be directed to
accept the proposition of the United States Mail Steamship
Company, to furnish one of their mail steamships, built un-
der their contract with the Government, upon the following
turns, to wit: The said company shall, at their own risk
and expense, and under the direction of the Secretary of
the Navy, make all the alterations and improvements ne-
cessary to prepare said ship for her armament ; will place
such armament on hoard, and subject the said ship to such
test as the Secretary of the Navy shall direct, to determine
her adaptation to naval purposes; and if such test shall
prove satisfactory to the said Secretary, the Government
fcha'l take the ship at her appraised valuation, to be ascer-
tained by appraisers chosen, one by the Secretary of the
Navy, one by the Company, and in case of disagreement,
these two to choose a third.
Mr. HIBBARD. I rise to a question of order.
I submit that that amendment is not in order. It
is not in accordance with the provisions of any
existing law, as I understand it. If it be, it is
certainly unnecessary to reenact that law.
I Mr. STANTON. I will state, what I presume
, is known to every member of the committee, that
that amendment is in precise conformity with the
| law and with the recommendation of the Secretary
of the Navy, upon whose suggestion this propo-
sition was directed by the Committee on Naval
Affairs to be reported.
Mr. HIBBARD. If such are the provisions of
the existing law we cannot change them and make
new ones, and why should we reenact them ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of opinion
that the amendment is in conflict with the 81st
rule, and an evasion of it, and is therefore com-
pelled to sustain the point of order. It is an ap-
propriation for purposes not authorized by law.
Mr. PENN. The amendment makes no ap-
propriation.
Mr. STANTON. I shall be under the neces-
sity of appealing from the decision of the Chair.
Mr. PKNN. The amendment makes no ap-
propriation. The work is to be done at the ex-
pense of the company.
Mr. FLORENCE. It is clearly giving direction
to an existing law and must be in order.
Several Members. Read the amendment.
The Clerk again reported the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
the amendment is in direct conflict with the rule,
and is, therefore, out of order. From this decis-
ion the gentleman from Tennessee appeals, and
the question is, " Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the committee ?"
The question was put; and,on a division, there
were 57 in the affirmative.
Mr. ORR. 1 demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Jackson" and
Price were appointed.
