886
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 26,
surrender the jurisdiction, and the city of Brook-
lyn insists that it is necessary for the convenience
of the people that these avenues shall continue
through these lands to the river. I have a letter
from the Navy Department, in which they say
that it would be well to dispose of that property,
unless the jurisdiction of the United States can be
extended over it. Now, sir, independent of this
mud-flat, the Government has nearly two hundred
acres of ground there, a very large portion of which
is entirely unnecessary, and which will require
probably some two or three hundred thousand
dollars to fill up.
If this amendment could be adopted, and this
property can be sold for that sum, it will save the
Government, not only $80,000, for which it will
be sold, but the sum which it will cost to fill it up.
I will read a passage from the letter to which 1
have referred:
£< But if it should be found impracticable to obtain juris-
diction over ail these grounds without relinquishing a por-
tion tor streets and easements, that part between the west
side ofVanderhilt avenue and the Hospital grounds, could
be disposed of with least injury to the Government. This
part contains about twenty-six and a half acres, including
Vanderbilt and Clinton avenues, in which there are about
six acres.
" Question.—First, what was the whole cost of sueli un-
improved part as may be dispensed with? and second,
what, in the opinion of the Department, it would bring at
public sale ?
".answer.—First, the whole cost ofthe lands recently pur-
chased was $-285,000. The whole quantity about seventy-
three acres ; and at a pro rata cost, the value of the twen-
ty-six and a half acres would be Second, the
amount which these twenty-six and a half acres, which
mav be dispensed with, would bring at auction, would prob-
ably not be more than $50,000, these premises being en-
cumbered by the two avenues before mentioned."
Now, sir, I propose to make the property bring
its cost, and that it shall not be sold for less than
$80,000.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I wish to pro-
pose an amendment to the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Tennessee, by strikingout " $80,000,
being the cost thereof, "and inserting in lieu thereof
the words, " the cost and interest thereon." I
suppose that this real estate in Brooklyn has in-
creased in value since this purchase by the Gov-
ernment.
Mr. PRICE. It is worth less than the original
cost.
Mr. STUART. I desire to have the amend-
ment read as it will read if that amendment is
adopted.
The amendment was accordingly read, as fol-
lows:
" And the Secretary of the Navy is hereby empowered
and directed to sell and convey to any purchaser that por-
tion of the Government property in Brooklyn which lies
between the western side of Vanderbilt avenue and the hos-
pital grounds, provided the same shall not be sold for less
than the cost and interest thereon; and the sum for which
said property shall be sold is berehvappropriated for theim-
provement of the navy-yard, according to the estimates of
the Department."
Mr. STANTON. I accept the amendment of-
fered by the gentleman from Georgia.
Mr. BOWNE. I simply desire to say that I
should like to see that property sold, in order that
the people of the city of Brooklyn may have ac-
cess to the water on that side of the city. For
that reason [ object to the language of the amend-
ment which has been accepted by the mover of
the original amendment, because the property was
sold to the Government in 1848, at a price which
no individual would have paid for it. It is not
worth as much to-day as the Government paid for
it, and the amendment of the gentleman from
Georgia defeats the whole object of the proposi-
tion. The Government does not want the land,
not having the least use for it. They have about
two hundred and twenty-five acres in the navy-
yard and hospital grounds, running a mile and
better directly in front of the city, and the whole
city desire to have it sold, in order that the inhab-
itants may reach the water ofthe East river with-
out being compelled to go a mile to cart a load of
brick.
I am well assured, from observations just made
to me, that the interest clause will defeat the whole
matter. I do not think that the property will
bring $80,000 if advertised for thirty months in-
stead of thirty days. I am tolerably well advised
of the value of property in the city of Rrooklvn.
I know the amendment will defeat the object de-
signed to be accomplished. This is a very plain
proposition. There is no fooleiy about it. No
injury will result to the Government, and it will
be of benefit to the people of Brooklyn in enabling
them conveniently to reach the water. The land
proposed to be sold consists almost entirely of
deep mud; and if the Government fill it up, and
that it must do before it will be of any use, it will
cost §200,000, for the reason that the Government,
as all the world knows, has always to pay an ex-
tortionate price for such services.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Does not I
that land go to the State, under the swamp land j
act? [Laughter.] ;
Mr. BOWNE. I do not know as to the char-
acter of land in Pennsylvania, but I would repjy
to the gentleman that we have no swamp land in
my State subject to such reversion. The poorest
of it is too good to be given to the Government.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. CARTTER. I would inquire whether it is
now in order to speak against the amendment?
Three speeches have already been made in its
favor.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from New
York rose in opposition to the amendment after
its modification. Debate is not in order unless
some other amendment be offered.
Mr. EVANS. I do not intend to oppose the
gentleman from New York. It may be right
that this land should be sold; but, unless I am
greatly mistaken, when authority is given any
officer by law, he is bound to execute it. He
has no right to take discretion to himself. There
ought to be, in my judgment, further words of
limitation in the amendment. It should be pro-
vided that the sale should be made if, in the opin-
ion of the Secretary, it is not incompatible with
the public interest. I would now inquire of the
chairman of the Committee on Naval Affairs
whether the Secretary has sent in any communi-
cation with reference to the object?
1 Mr. STANTON. He did; and I read an ex-
tract from his letter to the committee.
Mr. EVANS. Then I understand that there
is a recommendation from the Department for the
purpose designed by the amendment. 1 wish to
leave it to the option of the incoming Secretary
of the Navy to say whether or not, in his opinion,
the sale of the land is compatible with the public
interest. It may not be proper that we should sell
it. How do we know where this avenue is ? 1
do not know where the ground is the gentleman
talks about.
[Cries of" Offer an amendment!"]
; Mr. EVANS. In accordance with the sugges-
tion I have made, I move the insertion of the fol-
[ lowing words after the word " directed:"
J If in his opinion it be compatible with the public interest.
\ Mr. STANTON. I accept the gentleman's
amendment, as a modification of my own.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move to amend by the
insertion in the amendment, after the word " sell,"
the following:
In lots of such form and size as he may direct;
so that it would then read as follows:
And the Secretary of the Navy is hereby empowered
and directed, if in his opinion it be compatible with the
public interest, to sell in lots of such form and size as he
may direct, and convey to any purchaser, that portion of
the Government property in Brooklyn which lies between
the western side of Vanderbilt avenue and the hospital
grounds: Provided, The same shall not be sold for less than
its cost, with interest thereon ; and the sum for which said
property shall be sold is hereby appropriated for the im-
provement ofthe navy yard, according to the estimates of
the Department: Provided, The same shall be sold at pub-
lic sale, after having given thirty days notice of the time and
place of sale by advertisement published in at least three
daily newspapers in the city on New York, on the terms
aforesaid.
My object is a very plain one. I desire to pro-
vide that there shall not be thirty or forty acres of
ground put up for sale at once, so that capitalists
; may purchase it and lay it off into lots. I pro-
pose that we shall sell it to individuals, in lots of
i such size and form as the Secretary of the Navy
may direct.
, Mr. CARTTER. I am opposed to this half
a dozen of provisoes, and also the subject to which
i they are provisoes. It is now about four years, as
1 I am informed, since the Congress of the United
States was compelled, in behalf of the public ne-
cessity of the navy-yard at Brooklyn, to purchase
this very property. So strong then was the
I argument of necessity, that it resulted in drawing
I out of the Treasury about §085,000. Now, at
J the expiration of these four years, when the value
of property in the United States is increasing in a
greater ratio than was ever known before in the
history of the Government, and when the value
of real estate in Brooklyn has increased in value
about twenty-five per cent., a proposition is made
to us to sell out again. And it is said, as a reason
why we should do so, that the public interest re-
quires we should sell out. Now, all that I have to
say is this: either those who commended the pur-
chase four years ago must have falsified the truth,
or those who speak now in favor of the sale must
falsify the truth—unintentionally, of course. This
ground is right in the heart of the city, and is
increasing in value daily. But it is said that New
York will not surrender jurisdiction over this prop-
erty. There is a way to take care of that. Stop the
supplies for the navy-yard; it isnot worth anything
anyhow, and New York will letdown herjurisdic-
tion as quickly as Pennsylvania did in th - matter
of taxation. That is the remedy for that kind of
threat. I propose, sir, ifthepeople will force on the
Federal Government property for speculative pur-
poses, which, in the turn of the wheel of fortune,
does happen to come up to the measure ofanticipa-
tion, that it shall take the chance of profit. Now,
there can be no reason at this hour ofthe increasing
value of real estate in the city of Brooklyn, for the
1 Federal Government parting with this property.
, The fact that it has got a little more territory than
it requires being established, is no argument in
favor of it. Let it remain in the hands of the
Government, in anticipation of the period when,
perchance, we may want to cccupy it, instead of
surrendering it to the city. I am opposed to the
whole proposition.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was taken on Mr. Houston's
amendment, and it was agreed to.
Mr. BOWNE. I move, pro forma, to amend
by striking out the last three words. I want to
correct the gentleman from Ohio in one or two
statements that he has made. He should under-
stand that the reason why the Government desires
the sale of this land, is because it has become a bone
of contention between theGovernment and the city
of Brooklyn. There are but two points on this
property where streets can reach the water, and on
those points streets have been laid out, cutting the
navy-yard into three distinct parts. It is proposed
now by the Secretary of the Navy to get rid of
the difficulty by placing it on the shoulders of
individuals. Twelve thousand dollars of taxes
have accumulated on the property, and it is pro-
posed to sell this part of it, subject to its propor-
tion of this lien of taxation, and to let individuals
fight it out with the corporation. And you must
remember, that when the Government sells this
land at a pro rata cost, it retains the greater por-
tion of what it purchased in the first instance. It
will retain all the valuable and sell the miserable
mud land. I do not believe that the ground pro-
posed to be sold will bring $80,000, but I want to
, have a trial of it. I am anxious on the part of the
, Government to get rid of the controversy between
■ it and the city of Brooklyn, and on the part of the
city of Brooklyn to obtain for its inhabitants the
j right of way to the water. There has never been
a plainer proposition presented to the body. It is
i an honorable one, or I would have nothing to do
i with it. I hope it will not lead to cavil, and that
we will have no bitter feeling created against the
! Navy. Let the amendment, as it now stands, be
; adopted, and let us attempt the sale at all events.
Mr. TOOMBS. I happened to be a member of
a committee in this House before which this whole
matter came up, and I desire to give some inform-
ation to the committee in regard to it. After we had
expended a large sum of money upon the Brook-
lyn dry-dock, some millions of dollars, there was
a contest about the title to the land upon which it
was erected. We were then called upon to get rid
of that difficulty by buying out a large quantity of
land between the dock and hospital; we paid a large
and extravagant price for property we did not need,
by way of buying the place.
Mr. BOWNE. Not one dollar has been spent
upon it.
Mr. TOOMBS. As soon as we buy out one
difficulty we find we have bought into another.
What is this new difficulty?
Mr. BOWNE. You get rid of the question
about running the streets down to the water.
Mr. TOOMBS. Yes. That is the present dis-
pute, got up, I have no doubt, for the very same
