1853.
TftE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
887
purpose the other was. They had offered It to the
Government for about $50,000. Speculators then
put in, buy up the property, raise a difficulty, and
sell for between $250,000 and $300,000.
Mr. PHELPS. Two hundred and eighty-five
thousand dollars.
Mr. TOOMBS. We were then told we must
submit to this extortion in orderto quiet the title,
and the district attorney of New York was in-
structed to look into the fact and see that the title
was good. I suppose it was reported good, or the
money would not have been paid. Now it is said
we bought what the sellers did not own. Let us
abandon the hope of acquiring title by legislative
largesses, and maintain our title to what we
have bought until there is a judicial decision.
If they have got rights, let them go to the courts.
They come here and pretend to get up difficulties
and ask you to legislate in the dark. It is time
to arrest such reckless legislation.
Mr. BOWNE. I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. STUART. I propose to strike out all that
part of the amendment which refers to the dispo-
tion of the money arising from this sale.
I consider that is the worst part of this scheme,
so far as regards selling any part of the land be-
longing to the navy-yard. I am perfectly willing
thai it shall be sold. We have been importuned
from time to time to buy*land; and we were told
at the last session if the commandant at the naval
station recommended the purchase of the land that
we ought to abide by it. I repudiated the doctrine
then, and I repudiate it again now. When any-
body comes forward and proposes to sell some
land, I will hold up both hands to do it, but I will
not sanction the doctrine that we shall sell a part
of the land to improve the balance. If it be done,
there will be a recurrence of this or,some other
nefarious principle, under the sanction of which
the naval officer will commence a system of im-
provements by which he will deplete and bankrupt
the Treasury. If this land is to be sold, let the
proceeds go into the Treasury, where they belong,
and let them be reappropriated by a future Con-
gress upon some more responsible recommenda-
tion than that of the commandant of a naval sta-
tion. I hope the attention of the House will be
called to this question, and that gentlemen will
consider it, and lay their hands upon it now, and
not sell this land, and turn the proceeds over to the
Secretary of Treasury, who will be controlled by
the local officers in the expenditure of money,
putting it beyond our control.
Mr. TOOMBS. Yoy are right.
Mr. STUART. It never ought to be done;
and whether this amendment is to be adopted or
not, I hope that the committee will not hesitate to
strike out that provision.
Mr. BOWNE. I am opposed to the amend-
ment, and for this reason: the Committee on
Ways and Means have not reported by $200,OOQ
the amount of money estimated for that yard by
the Secretary of the Navy, upon the ground that
a quarrel exists between the Government and the
city of Brooklyn. The Secretary of the Navy
brings forward a proposition 
Mr. HOUSTON. Will the gentleman allow
me to correct him in one thing? The Committee
on Ways and Means declined to report the amount
estimated, mainly for the reason the gentleman has
stated, but in part for another reason, and that is,
under some authority, either in the city of Brook-
lyn or New York, there is some one who is run-
ning a pier across the stream, so as to prevent
successful approach to the navy-yard.
Mr. BOWNE. If the gentleman will examine
the map, he will find that he can put all that in his
eye.
Mr. HOUSTON. That k the report of the
Commodore, and he has charge of the subject.
Mr. BOWNE. Then I must believe that the
Commodore is deceived.
Mr. PHELPS. Has he not authority to ex-
tend his pier six hundred feet into the channel?
Mr. BOWNE. He has not, and if he does
extend it, it will not do any harm. I wish to say
that the Secretary of the Navy comes forward
with a proposition which he thinks will be a set-
tlement of the whole question. And therefore
when this matter is settled inmakingan appropri-
ation for the yard, there can be no occasion for
this humbugging about a pier that runs some-
where—nobody knows where. I ask this House
at this time, when gentlemen at the Other end of
{he Capitol are vaporing and blustering about war,
not to attempt to shut up the most effective navy-
yard in the country—at all events as good a one
as any other. I ask not what the Secretary esti-
mates for, but that the proceeds of this land may
be given to that yard for its current expenses, so
that the thousand men employed there may not be
discharged from the Government employ, men
many of whom have been there along time, and
thoroughly learned the business required of them,
1 some parts of which require peculiar care and ex-
perience. I hope that we may not present the
ridiculous farce of blustering about war at one end
of the Capitol, and at the other end taking away
i the very means to carry it on, in the event of such
a necessity.
Mr. LETCHER. Is it in order to move to
strikeout the whole clause?
The CHAIRMAN. The question must be first
taken upon the pending amendment.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Stc-
; art's amendment, and it was agreed to.
H Mr. LETCHER. I move to strike out the
' entire original proposition and all connected with
I it.
i The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Vir-
! ginia will observe that this is an amendment. He
can move to strike out all after the first word. The
proposition to strike out everything, is tantamount
to taking the question upon its adoption. This is
not a provision in the bill, but an amendment to
the bill.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Stan-
ton's amendment, as modified by Mr. Stuart's
amendment, and it was rejected.
The following clause was then read:
« Memphis, Tennessee.—For completing hemp house,
completing blacksmith-shop and office building, cisterns for
rope-walk, culvert from rope-walk to river, and for repairs
of all kinds, $43,976."
Mr. HOUSTON. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Ways and Means to offer the following
amendment, to come in at the end of that clause:
For the completion of the railway for vertical wall, $800.
The question was taken on the amendmentyand
it was agreed to.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I offer the
following amendment, to come in at the end of
the clause:
For the purchase of iron railway for rope-laying, and ma-
chinery for the rope-walk, $4,000.
I desire to have read the following letter from
the Secretary of the Navy:
Navy Department, February 18, 1853.
Sir: The superintendent of the rope-walk at the navy-
yard, Memphis, has reported to this Department that the
railway for layingup cordage at that walk, being constructed
of unseasoned wood, is so warped that rope cannot now be
laid up,with it; and it is indispensable to the, demands of
the NaW that it should be put in proper condition to pro-
duce the cordage required without delay. I beg leave to
ask of the Naw Committee that «h appropriation of $4,000
be inserted in the Navy bill, for die purpose of providing a
new railway of iron for the rope-walk of the navy yard at
Memphis. This is essential, that the work required from
that yard be not retarded.
Will you oblige me by submittingthissubjectto the early
consideration of the committee? Verv respectfully, your
obedient servant, JOHN P KENNEDY.
Hon. F. P. Stanton, Chairman Committee Naval .Affairs,
House of Representatives.
I suppose the letter will satisfy the committee
that the amendment is indispensable, and ought
to be adopted.
The question was then taken on the amendment,
and it was agreed to.
The following clause was then read:
San Francisco, California.—For afoundery, machine-
shop, blacksmith-shop, boiler-shop, engine-house, and pat-
tern-shop, carpenters' shop, store-hnusp, wharf, and for
a steam-engine and machinery, including transportation,
$974,851."
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. I more to strike
out that appropriation of $974,851. Nearly a
million of dollars is appropriated in one section
for founderies, machine-shop, blacksmith-shop,
&c. I want to know something about the neces-
sity for this expenditure of nearly a million of
dollars.
Mr. TOOMBS. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out "nine hundred." I think
that it is very bad policy to establish a navy-yard
for the repair of vessels at the most expensive
point upon the whole American continent. Is it
possible that any one will consider it a part of wis-
dom to build a nary-yard at a part of the conti-
nent where labor costs fire times as much as at
any other place in North or South America? I
have understood that the very point where you
propose to put this navy-yard is disputed terri-
tory. It is necessary to have a clear title. You
see the difficulties at Brooklyn. I believe it is
true that in a country conquered by American
arms, we cannot get a place where there is less
security of title, whether it is the custom-house or
any other public building, than in San Francisco.
We do not wish to build ships in San Francisco,
You will need everything on the face of the earth
to do it with. Will you take that point where
you can get nothing cheap, neither labor or mate-
I rial, or anything of the sort, but you must carry
them all round the world ? It is nothing else but
squandering money from the public Treasury.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I think if the
gentleman will consider the subject a little more,
he will change his opinion. Whatever may be
I the cost of the works, or the repairs of vessels at a
! point upon the Pacific ocean, I think it would be
economy to provide for their repair there rather
than bring them around to ports on the Altantic,
a royage of ten or fifteen thousand miles, requir-
ing six months. In many instances it is impos-
sible for the ship needing so much repair, to be
brought around here. If the existing system is to
be continued, and these vessels are to be repaired
continually, it is indispensable for you to have a
navy-yard at San Francisco.
Mr. TOOMBS. I would ask the gentleman if
the difference between the price of labor at San
Francisco and the price of labor on the Atlantic
sea-board, is not so great that it would be economy
to bring the vessels round to this side of the con-
tinent when they need repairs?
Mr. STANTON. Sir, it would be better to re-
pair the ships on the Pacific coast than to bring
them round Cape Horn.'
Mr. TOOMBS. I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move to strike out the en-
tire clause, and insert the folio wing from the letter
of Commodore Smith:
" To prepare the ground on the site selected for a navv-
yard and depot, and to erect accommodations for the offi-
cers and workmen, 0,000."
Mr. Chairman, by reference to the naval appro-
priation bill of last session, it will be discovered
that, in the hurry and confusion at the close of the
session, a provision was introduced in the Senate
■ and became a law, requiring estimates to be sub-
mitted for the works that are now in the bill be-
foreus. The Committee on Ways and Means did
not feel themselves authorized to decline to report
those estimates to the House. I, however, as a
i member of that committee—not speaking for
others—am opposed to the appropriation. I be-
lieve it is unnecessary at this time, if it will ever
be necessary. I believe—as we all know—that
California is the most extravagant part of the
country in which we can get labor done. It would
be perfect madness in us to gat anything done at
San Francisco that we could get done anywhere
else. If the repairs necessary to be made upon a
vessel are of any consequence at all, it would be
cheaper to bring that vessel toNew York, Boston,
|! or almost any other point in the United States,
than to have it repaired there. If you take work-
men there, how long will you keep them ? Thegreat
complaint is that we cannot keep our soldiers in
the line. We have to double their pay. We
hare to double the compensation of all our officers
there. Ifyou take workmen there, you will not only
have to pay the expenses of their transportation,
but you will have to pay them higher compensa-
tion than is paid elsewhere. I am, therefore, in
favor of striking out this entire appropriation, or
of reducing it down to #50,000. Your title is good
to the land on which the location has been made.
Let it remain there, and let us erect a store-house
for the purpose of receiving the supplies.
{Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. TOOMBS. I*hope the House will not
agree to the amendment of the gentleman from
Alabama, although I would just as soon give
$50,000 as any other sum, because it will settle
the policy of building a nary-yard for the west-
ern coast of America, which I believe to be wholly-
unnecessary.
The argument of the chairman of the Naval
Committee [Mr. Staktov] is altogether errone-
ous. You do not get your seamen in California.
You enlist them he re for a three years' cruise; you
