1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
889
striking out the words " seventy-four thousand,"
it leaves the appropriation to read " nine hundred
anil eight hundred and fifty-one."
The CHAIRMAN. The sum of #74,000 has
been atru-ken from the bill, leaving the appropria-
tion $900,Hal, as the Chair understands it.
Mr. FLORENCE. Well, sir, I desire to call
the attention of the committee to the facts as they
exist. The appropriation, as it was reported in
the bill, stood " nine hundred and seventy-four
thousand eight hundred and fifty-one dollars."
We adopted an amendment striking out the words
" seventy-four thousand," leaving it " nine hun-
dred anil eight hundred and fifty-one dol-
lar*," which makes,as 1 calculate it,about $1,751.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman offer
an amendment?
Mr. FLORENCE. Yes, sir, I move to insert
the words " seventy-four thousand."
The CHAIRMAN. That has already been
stricken out, and therefore cannot again be in-
serted.
Mr. FLORENCE. I will make no amendment
if there is no need of any. I merely called the
attention of the committee to the fact.
Mr. CLEVELAND. I move to insert ■§100,000
where $74,000 was stricken out. I offer that
amendment, because I believe it was improper to
atrike the original $74,000 out of the bill.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Is that amendment in
older? |
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks it is in 1
Order to move to increase the appropriation. '
Mr. CLEVELAND. Mr. Chairman, it Kir- i
prises me that there should be such a disposition
manifested on the part of this committee, or any 1
portion of it, to strike out the appropriation em-
braced in thia bill for the construction of a navy-
yard in California. Very recently half a million
was voted for the erection and completion of cus-
tom-houaea upon the Mississippi river, without
the recommendation of the Committee on Ways
and Means, and despite their remonstrances.
Here is a proposition made by that committee
to give to California, and to the vessels-of-war
Upon that coast, the advantages which this bill
secures. There is an opposition to this; and why?
Does California, or the people who have gone
there at the peril of their lives, deserve this treat-
meat at the hands of this committee ?
Gentlemen say we have done more for Cali-
fornia, and spent more money upon her, than we
have received from her. The fact is, however,
that the rise of property in other States of the
Union, occasioned by the yield of the California
mines, amounts to hundreds of millions of dollars.
And still we are here spending our time in caviling
about an appropriation of a million of dollars, ,
which is necessary to secure to us the treasure now 1
and to be won from the earth W the hardy and i{
brave men who have emigrate!} to that distant 1
shore, and built up a nation amidst its wild wastes.1
Upon what principle do we do so? Are we not
satisfied that the Committee on Ways and Means
have investigated the subject? Is it safe for us to
take from the hands of a committee as proverbially
prudent as that, such an important subject as this?
Have the Committee on Ways and Means ever
recommended a dollar unnecessarily ? In the four
years of my experience here I have never known
than to err on that side. I believe they very
frequently have the other way.
I may be mistaken in this matter, but it seems
to me, from all I can learn, that we owe this ap-
propriation to California; we owe it to ourselves,
and to the men who go there, and even as a mat-
er of economy it will prove a very profitable out-
lay.
I am serious in making my motion to have this
sum increased % 100,000, thereby showing that we
will not reduce to the amount of one dollar the
appropriation contained in the bill.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. VENABLE. The question seems to have
assumed a new aspect. 1 understood, in my sim-
plicity, that the navy-yard was to be built for the
purpose of repairing our naval marine—our ships- i
of-war. I supposed that California had no in- |
terest in it, so far as the commercial marine was 1
concerned, but that the object was to save the ex- !
pense to this Government of bringing ships-of-
war needing repair from the Pacific around to j
the Atlantic coast. But now the gentleman from I
Connecticut [Mr. Cleveland] takes a view of I
the subject entirely new. He claims that Cali-
fornia has an interest for the repair and building I
of ships belonging to private individuals on the
Pacific coast, and in keeping up her commercial
marine there. Surely no one can be serious in
asserting that such an object belongs to a naval
appropriation bill at all.
A great variety of reasons have been urged why
ths amendment should be adopted. On* tells us
that we must have a navy-yard there; that unless
we establish one, our naval marine must be de-
stroyed; that repairs must be made on that coast, ;
for the expense and delay of ordering ships round
must lead to their final destruction. This difficulty
has been solved by the gentleman from Georgia,
[Mr. Toombs,] satisfactorily to the House, I pre-
sume. We have for a long time maintained a
naval force in the Pacific—long before we pos-
sessed California—and the evil suggested was never
seriously felt. Our ships performed their voy-
ages both there and back, and we heard no greater
complaint than we now hear from the coast of Af-
rica, or any other remote station, of the distance .
home, or the expense of repairs. j
We are told that the commercial marine is to be ]
repaired there, and that we must have a navy-
ing, attacking the appropriations of this bill. The
proposition could not be disputed.
The gentleman last upon the floor argues as if
the friends of this measure had taken different
and inconsistent positions in defense of the appro-
priation. One single moment's consideration, one
single hour of intelligent reflection on the subject,
would show gentlemen that if both the propo-
sitions were laid down by the friends of the meas-
ure, they are not inconsisient, but necessarily con-
nected and dependent upon each other.
It is asked by the gentleman whether we want
• navy-yard in California for the repair and pres-
ervation ofthat portion of ourNavy which isupon
our Pacific const and in the Pacific ocean, or
whether we want it for the repair and reconstruc-
tion of our commercial marine in the port of San
Francisco. I answer the gentleman at once and
distinctly, as everybody, it seems to me, would be
ready to answer, we want it for both purposes,
because the two agree perfectly with each other,
and are in no possible respect inconsistent. The
same navy-yard that would refit an American
man-of-war for the protection of a coast which is
now utterly defenseless, would answer just as well
the purpose of repairing a ship which had been
yard for the purpose of protecting and repairing i disabled by a six months' voyage around Cape
that commercial marine on the coast of California. """ "
Then it seems that private interests in California
demand the navy-yard that we are called upon to
establish. Sir, suppose the proposition was made
that we should establish a navy-yard upon the
Atlantic coast for the purpose of building up a
commercial marine; the proposition would not
secure a grave consideration. Private enterprise
and private ship-yards meet and satisfy all sueh
demands. The gentleman from Georgia remarked
most truly, that before we acquired California,
and when our naval armament upon the Pacific
coast was brought around to the Atlantic coast for
repair, we never heard of any such difficulty. But
now we are assured, that at the most expensive
place on the Pacific coast, at San Francisco, it is
indispensable that we have a navy-yard for the
purpose of building up a commercial marine.
But private ships could not be repaired there.
You could not allow them to enter the Govern-
ment docks. It would be a misappropriation of
money. An officer in command would not allow
Horn. Is there anything inconsistent in our wan ting
both? And if this appropriation fortunately would
answer two wise ana beneficent purposes at the
same time, is that to be made a ground of objec-
tion, or is it to be considered asa legitimate argu-
ment against the appropriation? That it will
result in wider benefits than most of the appropri-
ations voted by this House, is made an argu-
ment against the whole of it. Leaving out of view,
as I propose to do, the commercial interests of
San Francisco, so far as the rebuilding of ships en-
gaged in commerce is concerned, I take the simple
gromid of the necessity of a navy-yard for the
repair of the Navy. Why, sir—and I state a
fact which I know, and which I witnessed with
shame and fear—that the whole state of Califor-
nia is exposed, through the Golden Gate, through
the mouth of the harbor of San Francisco, and she
is utterly unable to resist the piratical incursions
of a Chinese junk. We are utterly and hopelessly
defenseless, not only in case of war, but a single
piratical schooner could enter the port of San
a private vessel to be brought into them. And Francisco, and^m two hours wrap in flames the
yet we are told that this bill is to appropriate "u'~ ~ ' "* A~ 1 1 A -1~"
J1,000,000 to establish a navy-yard, having for
one of its objects the repairing of commercial ships
and building up a commercial marine.
Mr. FLORENCE. The gentleman will permit
me to make a short statement. It is not an un-
usual circumstance on the Atlantic coast for the
yards and docks of the Government to be used
for ike repair of vessels belonging to the commer-
cial marine. An inslenre occurred a fsw yours
ago ip Philadelphia, where th* CUy of Pittsburg
was taken upon the Gtovunment docks, with the
consent of the Government, and that was the first
vessel which was taken upon it.
Mr. VENABLE. A dock is a different thing.
This is a navy-yard for the purpose of building
and repairing United States vessels-of-war. It is
entirely a different business, and I ask again, shall
we commence a policy by which navy-yards are
to be established for the purpose of building up a
commercial marine, and for the purpose of repair-
ing vessels which are the property of individual
citizens of the United States?
I hope the committee will gravely consider tljgp
subject. The appropriation is an enormous one.
While I am willing to vote to California anything
which should be voted, i am not willing to make
appropriations unknown to our former policy, and
both extravagant and uncalled for.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was then taken on the amendment
of Mr. Cleveland, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. MARSHALL. I move to increase the ap-
propriation proposed by the Committee on Ways
and Means one dollar.
If 1 wanted any evidence, Mr. Chairman, ab-
solute and conclusive of the proposition, which
every Californian believes and fully understands,
that California, though a State of this Union, is
the leastvunderstood and the worst governed col-
ony of which history has ever taken any notice,
or which civilization has ever embraced, I would
simply point to the discussion of this very morn-
vast shipping that crowds our harbor, and the
beautiful city which we have built upon its shores.
Upon the shores of that bay, which is itself al-
most an inland sea, are great and flourishing and
comparatively rich cities, utterly defenseless.
There is not a mounted gon on shipboard in a
condition to do service on that whole coast.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi. I oppose the
amendment of the gentleman from California, and
I do it for ehe purpose of saying that I shall, at all
times and under all circumstances, vote for what-
ever sum may be necessary to defend the Pacific
coast, and to defend our commerce and otfcr in-
terests in that quarter. Whether the sum b^arge
or small, if it be necessary, I am ready to vote it,
and I will pursue that policy not only in regard
to California, but in regard to every other section
of the Confederacy.
But I ask, as a representative of one of the
southern States of this Union, to be met by gen-
tlemen from other quarters in the same spirit. I
want especially to reply to the remarks of the hon-
orable gentleman from Connecticut, [Mr. Cleve-
land,] who has admonished us this morning that
we have been parsimonious in our appropriations
for the Pacific coast, and he tells us what the ben-
efits of the acquisition of that country have been to
the Confederacy, to all of which I agree. But the
honorable gentleman seems toforget that J tooeome
from a State that has rendered some service to this
great country. If California has her gold mines,
Mississippi nas her cotton-fields. While Califor-
nia pours a stream of goldWto your lap, Missis-
sippi gives you nearly six hundred thousand bags
of cotton annually; but the other day this House
refused the paltry sum of $14,000 to my State to re-
pair a marine hospital. This morning this House
refused a right to my constituents which is enjoyed
by the constituents of every man upon this floor
from a land State—the right of preemption. The
gentleman from Connecticut voted to deny them
that right; now, he comes to tell us what we owe
to California. I know that we are indebted to
