890
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 26,
California, and I will pay it like a man; but, sir,
when I jiiy others, I demand payment in return:
" Tli.it jinnee I to others show, that justice show to me."
The gentleman from Connecticut refuses to the
poor squatter upon the public soil the right of pre-
emption, because he chances to live upon Missis-
sippi soil, and then gives to California $900,000,
and I suppose he would give $9,(100,000, if she
asks it,just as freely. Is" this justice? is it fair-
ness? is it honesty? My constituents are no beg-
gars for your bounty. If the gold of California
entitles her to nine hundred thousand dollars for a
dry-dock, the cotton of Mississippi entitles her to
four thousand dollars for a marine hospital. If the
commerce of California is to be protected at a cost
of millions from the National Treasury, then pro-
tect my squatter constituents at the less cost of a
few acres of wild land. Give California navy-
yards and dry-docks, and all else that she asks, if
you please, but give my constituents the right of
preemption on the public lands; the right to pay
for their humble homes in preference to the more
active and more greedy speculator. I will be lib-
eral to California; I will be liberal to Connecticut,
notwithstanding the injustice of her representative.
I will be liberal to New York, though her voice
was against my squatter constituency this morn-
ing. I never have refused to vote a benefit to New
York, yet I sat here this morning and saw her
representatives come up in almost solid phalanx
against my squatter constituency. When the
gentlemen from that State wanted a Mint I stood
by them, and 1 stood by them amidst the re-
proaches of my Pennsylvania friends, and they
nave paid me with black ingratitude.
Mr. BOWNE. I am the last one in the world
to oppose anything for the city of San Francisco.
I have no feeling about the matter in consequence
of the defeat of the amendment with reference to
the navy-yard at Brooklyn. I should cheerfully
vote for this appropriation, but I am informed by
a very distinguished officer of the Navy, now on
this floor, and who lately returned from Califor-
nia, where he was sent by the orders of the Gov-
ernment to locate this very navy-yard, that it
would be impossible, under the present circum- !
stances, for the officers who have charge of the :
work, were they ever so extravagant, to expend ;
much more than $100,000 during the next year. !
[Cries of "Let us know his name!"]
Mr. BOWNE. Everybody knows who was
sent there by the Government to locate that navy- ,
yard. ^ jj
Mr. POLK. I would be glad if the gentleman j
would inform the committee of the name of that |
officer. |
Mr. BOWNE. His name is Commodore Sloat.
I should not oppose the appropriation if 1 believed
it necessary now; but I am satisfied that it cannot
be judiciously spent during the coming year. I
understand, moreover, that the estimate would
not have been so large but for the fact that a law ,,
of the last session compelled the Secretary so to
makett. I wish the committee to look into this
thing, and not to appropriate the money if it can-
not be well spent.
Mr. CLEVELAND. The gentleman from Mis-
sissippi [Mr. Brown] seems to forget, in his zeal
for his constituents, that the question presented
this morning was whether his particular measure
should have preference, on this, the fifth day from
the termination of the session, over the regular
appropriation bills. The House was not called
upon to vote upon its merits.
Mr. BROWN. Did the gentleman vote against
it on the ground that it would postpone the appro-
piiation bills ?
Mr. CLEVELAND. I voted against the mo-
tion to suspend the rules, and I felt that it was my
"'''y !;0 Slve 'hat vote without assigning reasons
therefor. Now, I would inquire of Ihe gentleman
■Whether he did not vote against the bill of the gen-
tleman from New ^ orfc [Mr. Bennett,] propos-
ing a distribution of the public lands among the
several -States?
Mr. BROWN. I did vote against it, and on
constitutional grounds.
Mr. CLEVELAND. The gentleman had a
right to vote as he pleased, and I claim the same
right.
Mr. BELL. I would inquire whether it is in
order on a particular amendment to canvass votes
for other bills ?
Mr. CLEVELAND. I wiii keep in order. I
I will now reply to the gentleman from New York.
Above all things, I dislike to see a man come on
this floor and whisper in the ear of a member, for
the purpose of controlling the action of the com-
mittee, particularly if that man be an officer sup-
ported by the Government A more improper
mode of communicating information could not well
be conceived. Commodore Sloat comes in and
whispers in the ear of a member, and the member
rises and informs the committee that the appro-
priation is unnecessary. If that gentleman had a
communication to make why did he not do it in
the proper way?
Mr. BOWNE. I did not say that the appro-
priation was unnecessary. I merely stated a fact.
Mr. CLEVELAND. The gentleman stated a
fact which showed that the appropriation was not
necessary.
Mr. BOWNE. Let me state another fact.
Mr. CLEVELAND. I have only five minutes,
and 1 cannot. I think that it is a very dangerous
practice for the committee, in considering an ap-
propriation bill recommended, after careful consid-
eration, by one of the standing committees of the
House, to be influenced in its action by side-bar
remarks. Commodore Sloat, if he had any com-
. munication to make, ought to have presented it to
the committee, or if he had not an opportunity to
do so, he ought to have made it to the chairman.
His statements should not have the least influence
| upon the committee, and I trust that there is not
1 a member present who will be governed by these
i improper and unfair communications.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was then taken on the amendment,
and it was disagreed to.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I desire to offer
an amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. An amendment to an
amendment is now pending. Thegentleman from
New York is preparing his amendment.
I Mr. POLK. I rise to a privileged question. I
J understand the proposition to be, on the sugges-
tion of thegentleman from New York, to strike out
all of the appropriation save $100,000. Not under-
standing it, I would prefer the gentleman from
New York would procure the service of Commo-
dore Sloat, and have it reduced to writing. {
Mr. BOWNE. Have I the right to reduce
that amendment to writing ? .
The CHAIRMAN. Thegentleman is required
to do it. j
Mr. POLK. I require that it be reduced to 1
I writing.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Illinois. I do not know
that the committee has to wait here until it is re-
duced to writing.
Mr. FLORENCE. I should like to move to
add to the amendment the words, " by the advice
of Commodore Sloat." [Laughter.]
The amendment was reported, as follows :
t Strike nut of the following $900,000, and in lieu thereof
insert j? 100,000:
" Sun Francisco, California.—For a foundery, machine
shop, blacksmith-shop, trailer shop, engine house and pat-
tern shop, carpenter's shop, store house, wharf, and for a
steam-engine and machinery, including transportation,
$900,00J."
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I demand tell-
ers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Parker of
Indiana, and Hart were appointed.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was agreed to—the tellers having reported—ayes
71, noes 65.
The question then recurred on striking out the
pnti ra r aiigd
Mr. TOOMBS. I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Harris, of
Alabama, and Fuller, of Pennsylvania, were ap-
pointed.
Mr. TAYLOR. I move to increase the amount
to $150,000.
Mr. STEPHENS. It is not in order to change
the amount.
Mr. TAYLOR. I move pro forma to strike out
the word " transportation." I have but very few
words to say with reference to this amendment, and
I would be glad to conform to the rules of the
House as I understand them, and confine myself
to the amendment, did I not know that they are
broken by every gentleman who has participated
in this debate, even the most experienced. I will
say a few words upon the proposed appropriation.
I have endeavored to get some information to en-
able me to form a proper judgment in regard to
the pending appropriation. The chairman of the
Committee on Ways and Means of this House,
from information received from the Secretary of
the Navy in the usual estimates, asked foran appro-
priation of upwards of $900,000 to carry on the
establishment of a navy-yard at San Francisco,
which we authorized by law at the last session;
and now, sir, while we are considering that appro-
priation, a gentleman, high in the estimation of the
country as a naval officer, (Commodore Sloat,)
communicates through a member that $100,000 is
sufficient. What is to be done > I desire to seethe
navy-yard established there for great national pur-
poses; but from the information I have, I am un-
willing to vote more than $100,000 or $150,000 for
that purpose at present.
We are informed by the naval officers before-
mentioned, that it is impossible to expend more
than that amount during the current year. I
think that there ought to be a navy-vard on the
Pacific coast of the United States. We have vast
interests on the Pacific coast. Our naval vessels
in that quarter need repairs; and those repairs
sho.uld be promptly made, to give protection to
the vast commerce of the United States on the Pa-
cific ocean. We cannot now turn back. Let us
continue the necessary appropriations; and 1 trust
always to be ready to vote such in every part of
our country, only requiring to know, if I can, that
such appropriations are indispensable to protect our
naval and commercial marine. California is daily
sending us her vast amounts of gold, and we must
protect all her interests if we can. They are the
interests of our whole people. I withdraw my
amendment.
Mr. ORR. I object. I desire to oppose it. If
I understand the condition of the proposition it is
this: The committee have stricken out the $958,000
and inserted in lieu of it $100,000, and the next
proposition will be to strike out the entire section.
If that question be decided in the affirmative,
when the bill goes into the House, the question
will then have to be taken on the original proposi-
tion; so that those who are in favor of retaining
the §100,000, as adopted by the committee, will
vote against striking out the entire section. I now
withdraw my objection to the gentleman's with-
drawing his amendment.
Mr. TAYLOR then, by unanimous consent,
withdrew his amendment.
Mr. PHELPS. I desire to submit an amend-
ment that the whole amount proposed by this bill
shall not be appropriated. It appears evident that
the whole amount proposed by this bill will not be
appropriated. As the bill now stands, $100,000
is proposed to be appropriated towards the con-
struction of a navy-yard at San Francisco, and it
is to be expended upon buildings to be erected
there. I desire to submit a proposition, which I
hope may be received. It is to reduce the amount
of the appropriation and to propose that it shall be
expended upon those buildings and of works
wh ich must be of more importance than the others.
I propose, therefore, to leave in the appropriation
bill an amount for a blacksmith shop, a carpenter
shop, a store-hcuse, and the amount to be ex-
pended upon these buildings to be $357,000. If
you leave the amendment as it now stands, there
will be a small appropriation expended upon
every one of these buildings mentioned in this
amendment, and you will be forced at the next
session of Congress to make further appropriations
for building machine shops, blacksmith shops,
and carpenter shops.
Mr. TOOMBS. Whatis the gentleman's amend-
ment ? He is speaking at large.
Mr. PHELPS. I have indicated my amend-
ment.
Mr. TOOMBS.
Mr. PHELPS.
Mr. TOOMBS.
It is out of order.
No, it is not.
I submit that the proposition
is to change the amount, which is out of order.
Mr. PHELPS. I propose to strike out every
thing but the blacksmith shop, carpenter shop, &c.
Mr. TOOMBS. You have indicated nothing but
intentions. I want to know what your amendment
is?
Mr. PHELPS. I propose to strike out every
thing except the words which 1 have mentioned—
blacksmith shop, carpenter shop, store house,&c.
I was indicating, in my remarks, that a larger sura
of money ousrht to be appropriated than $100,000.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I am opposed
