892
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 26,
the Secretnryof the iVavy is herrbv required so to modify
(he contract alleged to have been made on the ]7th of Jan-
uary last, as to confine Die same to the construction of the
floating-dock alone, withoutthe basin and railway."
Tiie CHAIRMAN. The question of order is
not debatable.
Mr. McCORKLE. I want to make a plain
statement with reference to the point of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will hear the
gentleman, although debate is not strictly in order.
Mr. McCORKLE. The point of order is nut
properly taken. The gentleman las quoted the
law correctly, but under the authority given to
the Secretary of the Navy to make a contract for
the construction of a dry-dock, basin, and rail-
way, the Secretary of the Navy made such a con-
tract. After that contract was made and com-
pleted the Congress of the United States repealed
that portion of the law. Now, I submit to the
Chair, if that law of 1851 is not null and void, and
of no effect, and if that contract, made under the
authority of the previous law, is not sufficient to
found the amendment upon?
Mr. TOOMBS. Congress rescinded that con-
tract.
Mr. McCORKLE. They had no power to doit.
Mr. TOOMBS. Oh, yes they had; and it was
one of the most flagitious contracts ever made
with this Government.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is disposed to
sustain the point of order raised by the gentleman,
from Georgia, upon the assumption that there is
no law authorizing this appropriation. -
Mr. S TANTON, of Tennessee. I appeal from
the decision of the Chair.
Mr. CARTTER. I call for the reading of the
amendment, that we may be able to understand
the question.
The Clerk reported the amendment.
Mr. DEAN. 1 understand that there has been
an appeal taken from the decision of the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. There has.
Mr. HOUSTON. The Chair has decided that
the amendment is out of order, as I understand it.
The CHAIRMAN. That is the decision of
the Chair.
Mr. DEAN. I think the Chair labors under
a misapprehension in relation to the facts of the
case. I will state those facts.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is informed,
and it is upon that ground that he bases his de-
cision, that there is no law authorizing this appro-
priation. It is stated that there was such a law,
but that it has been repealed.
Mr. DEAN. That is not the fact, as I under-
stand it.
Mr. LETCHER. I call the gentleman from
New York to order.
The CHAIRMAN. The appeal is not debat-
able.
Mr. DEAN. We have a right to state the
grounds of the appeal.
Mr. STUART. It is no more in order to state
the tacts on this appeal than anything else.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order.
Mr. HART. I call for tellers on the appeal.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Hart and
Hf.bard were appointed.
The question was then put,"Shall the decision
of the Chair stand as the judgment of the com-
mittee?" and the tellers reported—ayes 74, noes 64.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained, and j
the amendment ruled out of order. j
Mr. PHELPS. I offer the following amend- I
ment: !
And the Secretary of the Navy shall from time to time \
regulate the wages of all person* not specially provided
for in this bill, at navy-yards, and shall publish the hours
of lahor constituting a day's work hv the rates and rules [
which govern in private yards and work-shops in the prin-
cipal cities nearest to the respective navy-yards wheie
similar classes of workmen are employed ami similar work ■
performed. 1
That amendment is intended for the protection
of laborers in navy-yards and for the protection
of the Government. There is a contest every year
going oil between the Secretary of the Navy and
the workmen in the yards, as to the number of
hours which shall constitute a day's work, and '
the amount of wages which shall be paid for the
same. This amend ment provides that a day's work
shall bethesame in thenavy-yards and work-shops
of the United States as it is in the ship-yards of
our merchants; and it provides, also, that the same
compensation shall be paid. I ask if that is not
right ? I ask if the Secretary of the Navy has a
right to require the laborers employed by the Gov-
ernment of the United States to work more hours
a day and receive lower wages than the laborers
employed by private individuals ?
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. Almost every
important amendment which lias been offered to
this bill has been ruled out of order oil the ground
that there is no law authorizing it. Now, here is
an amendment offered by one of the members of
the Committee on Ways and Means, to which I
make the same objection. There is no law au-
thorizing this amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment does not
propose to make an appropriation.
' Mr. STANTON. It proposes to change the
existing law.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
the amendment is in order.
Mr. EVANS. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Missouri by inserting
the words " by the piece."
Mr. Chairman, it is not at all fair that you
should undertake to regulate the pay of work-
men in your navy-yards by the day, at any regu-
lar standard. In this manner you will pay an in-
different workman just as you do the most superior
workman in the country. There is no extensive
establishment in the country where the thing is
done. They all work by the piece. By that mode
the best workmen get their deserts. If you es-
tablish a system such as the amendment of the
gentleman from Missouri contemplates, the effect
will be that you will employ the poorest work-
men in your service; idle, worthless fellows will
be drawn in there. The prices paid to the work-
men in the different private establishments differ
so much, that you could not establish any general
price for labor at all; and if you could, to estab-
lish an arbitrary rule to apply to all, without re- j
gard to the industry or the ability of the work-
men, would be too great an assumption of power !
for Democrats to assume, and which, although I
profess myself a Democrat, I could not sanction.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am opposed to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Maryland, but I am
not disposed to discuss it. I hope the committee
will proceed to vote.
Mr. EVANS. With the consent of the com-
mittee I will withdraw my amendment.
There was no objection, and the amendment
was accordingly withdrawn. j
Mr. DEAN. I move to add to the amendment j
of the gentleman from Missouri, the following: !
Provided, That not more than ten hours shall be re-
quired.
Mr. PHELPS. I will accept that amendment
if the gentleman will not make a speech.
Mr. DEAN. Very well, if the gentleman ac-
cepts the amendment 1 am satisfied.
Mr. GOODENOVV. I rise to oppose the
amendment of the gentleman from Missouri.
The CHAIRMAN. That has been spoken !
against already. I
Mr. GOODENOW. Then I move to amend |
by striking out the words " privates work-shops."
Mr. Chairman, I am satisfied the amendment .j
of the gentleman from Missouri is not a proper
one to be adopted. I know that there is a great
variety of rules regulating the compensation of
men employed in the various private ship-yards
about the country, and that a much greater amount
of work is peiformed by them than is performed
by those employed in your Government navy-
yards.
Mr. Chairman, I am not disposed now to make
a speech in behalf of the laboring class of people,
although I know it has become very fashionable
for gentlemen to get up here and talk about the
rights of the working classes, of their sympathy
with them, and of protecting their interests. I
will simply say that I desire to show my estimate
for labor by my works and not by my words.
Mr. FLORENCE. I did not distinctly hear
the proposition of the gentleman from Maine. I
desire to say something upon that subject.
Mr. GOODENOW. I will withdraw the
amendment.
Mr. FLORENCE. I object to the withdrawal
of the amendment.
[Cries of "Too late!"]
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks it is too
late to object to the withdrawal.
Mr. EVANS. I destre to oppose the adoption
of the amendment of the gentleman from New i
York [Mr. Dean] in relation to the ten-hour sys-
j tem.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Mis-
souri [Mr. Phelps] accepted that amendment, and
the gentleman cannot therefore speak upon it.
[Cries of " Question!" " Question !"]
The question was then taken, and Mr. Phei.ps's
amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. FLORENCE. I desire to ask a single
question as a matter of duty to my constituents.
[Cries of " Order !" "Order!"]
' The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman must rec-
ollect that there is no question before the com-
mittee.
Mr. FLORENCE. I move to make the appro-
priation for the clause under consideration^,100,
so that it will then read:
Jit Philadelphia Naval Jliylum.—For tinning roof of
asylum, laying water pipes, furnaces, grates, and ranges,
pavements, and gutters, &c., .^1,100.
My reason for moving this amendment was
that the estimates for this asylum asked for $4,100,
of which §2,100 were for paving a street, and the
rest for constructing a quay-wall which is neces-
sarily required to protect the property there, if
the street is opened through. I desire to ask the
chairman of the Committee on Ways and Means
a single question. 1 want to know if that street is
already opened, or if it is not, if it is contemplated
to open it within any reasonable time?
Mr. HOUSTON. My impression is that it is
intended to open the street; but I am not certain
in relation to the matter.
Mr. FLORENCE. I desired to make the in-
quiry as a matter of justice to my constituents. I
will now withdraw my amendment.
Mr. MARSHALL. I move that the commit-
tee do now rise.
The question was put, and the motion was not
agreed to.
The following clause of the bill being under con-
sideration:
" -It Norfolk.—For wall to inclose a grave-yard, inclu-
ding excavation, $6,168 93;"
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I move the fol-
lowing amendment:
For the purchase of land to be used as a yard connecting
with the naval hospital, $2,500.
I presume this item has been examined by the
Committee on Ways and Means.
Mr. HOUSTON No, sir; it has not. An offi-
cer having that hospital in charge, however, as-
sures me that it is necessary, and I presume no
one will object to it.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment was agreed to.
The Clerk then proceeded to read the remaining
clauses of that bill. °
Mr. CLARK. I move the following as an ad-
ditional section of the bill:
To provide for a temporary hospital for sick and disabled
boatmen at Dubuque, Inwa, Will, to be expended under
the direction of the Secretary of the Navy.
Mr. EVANS. I desire to offer an amendment
to the bill itself before an additional section is of-
fered.
Mr. ORR. I rise to a question of order. I
think the amendment of the gentleman is not in
pursuance of any existing law.
Mr. CLARK. 1 did not offer it aR an amend-
ment to the clause of the bill providing for naval
hospitals, because I feared that gentlemen, astute
in matters of order, misrht object, and rule me out.
I thought it would certainly be in order as an ad-
ditional section to the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chairthinks, as there
is no existing law authorizing the construction of
such an hospital, that the amendment is not in order
to any portion of the bill.
Mr. CLARK. With great respect to the Chair,
I must appeal from that decision.
The question, "Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the committee?" was
then taken, and the decision of the Chair was sus-
tained.
Mr. LANE. I offer the following as an addi-
tional section to the bill 
Mr. EVANS. I have an amendment which
I wish to otfer to the bill itseif, before an addi-
tional section is added. The committee may think
it a small matter, but I desire to call their atten-
tion to it nevertheless. I move to strike out the
words " &c," wherever they occur—as they do
