1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
895
for that purpose thia morning. For the purpose
of ascertaining the sense of the Senate, whether
they will give the preference to the civil and diplo-
matic appropriation bill over that of Bennett's
land bill, 1 ask for the yeas and nays on the ques-
tion. The civil and diplomatic appropriation bill
-will pass at any rate, if you take it up after the I
land bill has been acted upon. I hope we may
take up the land bill first, and dispose of it.
Mr. SHIELDS. If the Senator from Kentucky
supposes the land bill willpass without debate he
is very much mistaken. There is not time to con- ,
eider that bill now. j
Mr. CASS. We shall not do anything with
that bill this session, if we take it up. i
Mr. HUNTER. It is obvious to the Senate
that there is no time to take up that controverted
question. If we can save amendments to the civil
and diplomatic appropriation bill by diligent work, i
it will be as much as we can do.
Mr. UN DERW00D. I wish to say one word.
I have tried at various times in the session to get
up Bennett's land bill, but 1 have not been able to
succeed. Give us a test. If the Senate indicate ,
by a vote of yeas and nays that they will not con- ,
sider that bill during the residue of the session, 1
am content with it. I want a test vote.
Mr. DOUGLAS. As there seems to be a con-
test between the Senators from Virginia and
Kentucky as to the bill which we shall proceed to
consider, I hope I may be able to effect a compro-
mise. Last year, the Senate refused to consider
territorial bills. I have been trying for a week
to get them up, and I think that both these gentle-
men had better give way, so that we may take up
the territorial bills. I assure the Senate that there
is a great necessity for taking up those bills, and
I hope Senators will give way.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 cannot give way for any-
thing. 1 hope the vote will be taken. I am will-
ins to leave the question to the Senate, without
debate, whether they will go on with the civil and
diplomatic appropriation bill or not.
Mr. BRIGHT. I hope the Senators from Ken-
tucky and Illinois and Virginia, will give way to
permit me to make a motion to take up the home-
stead bill. 1 shall vote, however, to keep before
the Senate the civil and diplomatic appropriation
hill, that 1 may have an opportunity with his as-
sistance to take up the homestead bill as soon as
that is disposed ot.
Mr. BORLAND. I feel a good deal like the
Senator from Illinois about this bill. There is a
joint resolution before the Senate, of which I hare
charge, and which I have tried for some time to
get before the Senate. It is indispensable to the
public interest that it should be taken up, if Con-
gress intend to do anything about printing the
census returns at all. Some two weeks ago, I re-
ported from the Committee on Printing the joint
resolution of the House of Representatives for
publishing the returns of the Seventh Census,
with an amendment. Now, it is for the Senate
to say whether they will print the returns or not.
If we intend to do so, it seems to me that we must
take up the resolution and pass it to-day or to-
morrow.
Mr. MANGTJM. I suppose there are not less
than twenty Senators who have some favorite
measure, which they think entitled to considera-
tion. The civil and diplomatic appropriation bill
is one of immense public importance, and I hope
we will not postpone it as we did a year ago, and
have to sit here night and day to consider it while
men are worn out. 1 hope we will go on with it.
It is of too much importance to be passed by as
a courtesy to any gentleman.
Mr. HUNTER. I will make a statement which
I think will have weight. The honorable Senator
from Texas [Mr. Houston] has generally agreed
to give way, as he was entitled to the floor this
morning on the resolutions respecting colonization
and Cuba, for the purpose of allowing the civil
and diplomatic appropriation bill to come up. I
hope other Senators will not be outdone by him
in courtesy.
Mr. BADGER. I will suggest a compromise
better than that of the Senator from Illinois. Let
us pass the civil and diplomatic appropriation bill,
ana then, by common consent, let us take up and
make one bill of Bennett's land bill, the territo-
rial bill, Miss Dix's bill, and the homestead bill,
and pass them all together unanimously without
debate. [Laughter.]
Mr. WELLER. By way of compromise.
Mr. BADGER. Then we will accomplish every-
thing at once.
Mr. WALKER. I most unqualifiedly withhold
my consent to the taking up of Bennett's land bill,
and voting upon it without debate. It is a meas-
ure which I must oppose. The people of Wiscon- l
sin are opposed to it, and as I represent that State
in part, I shall have to oppose that bill in defense |
of what I consider her rights, and in my own jus- ]
tification, and to satisfy the reasonable demands of ,
that State upon myself. I shall therefore feel it to :
be my duty, and I shall not forego that duty, to
discuss that measure to the full extent of its oper-
ation in all particulars.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I only want it as a test
question. I want to vote, and not to consume time,
if the Senate proceed to consider the civil and dip-
lomatic appropriation bill this morning, I shall
take it as an indication that it does not intend to
act on Bennett's land bill. I hope, therefore, we
may have the yeas and nays on the vote, which I
regard as a test. If the Senate votes to take up
the civil and diplomatic appropriation bill, I do not
know that I shall trouble it with another motion.
Give us the yeas and nays, and let us vote.
Mr. BORLAND. I desire to correct a misap-
prehension under which my honorable friend from
North Carolina [Mr. Mangum] seems to labor,
with regard to favorite bills of Senators. I desire
to say in regard to the census resolution, of which
I spoke, that it is not a favorite measure of mine.
For myself, I care very little about it, butas chair-
man of the Printing Committee, it has become my
duty to present it to the Senate and urge its con-
sideration. That is the cause of my doing so—
not because of any personal interest which 1 have
in it.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and being
taken, resulted—yeas 39, nays 7; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Atchison, Badger, Bell, Bor-
land, Bradbury, Bright, Brodhead, Brooke, CJharlton, Chase,
Cooper, Dawson, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of iowa,
Do'uglas, Downs, Felch, Fitzpatrick, Geyer, Hamlin, Hous-
i ton, Hunter, James, Mallory, Mangum, Miller, Morton,
Pearce, Pettit, Phelps, Pratt, Rusk, Sebastian, Shields,
Sumner, Toucey, Walker, and Weller—39.
NAYS—Messrs. Fish, Foot, Jones of Tennessee, Sew-
ard, Spruance, Underwood, and Wade—7.
So the motion was agreed to.
I CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
The Senate accordingly resumed the considera-
tion of the bill from the House of Representatives
making appropriations for the civil and diplomatic
! expenses of the Government for the fiscal year
! ending the 30th of June, 1854.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Badger
in the chair.) The question before the Senate is
on the amendment reported from the Committee
on Finance to add the following:
" Sec. — -And be it further enacted, That the Secretary
of Use Treamiry be authorized to refund to the legal claim-
ants for duties that have been paid oa goods, wares, and
merchandise tbat were consumed by Are in the district and
port of New York in July, 1845, $300,0un, and in the dis-
trict and port of Sail Francisco, m the years 1850 arid 1851,
$100,000, subject to the restrictions and limitations of the
act of July 7, 1838, passed for the relief of the sufferers by
the lire of December, 1835, in New York ; and the amount
! of goods destroyed and duties to be refunded, shall be as-
| certained at said ports respectively, and be adjusted and
I repaid thereat,in a mannersimilarto thai whichis provided
forin the act above referred to, in relation to losses at New
York."
Mr. FISH. I desire to ask the chairman of the
Committee on Finance whether there has been
any estimate upon which the sum of 0300,000 is
founded? My impression is, that under the
phraseology of that amendment, it will avail noth-
ing to the claimants in the city of New York. It
will probably avail five or six thousand dollars.
The limitation put upon it will render it useless.
Mr. HUNTER. If that is the case, I hope it-
will be voted down. I'thought it was an amend-
ment agreed upon between New York and San
Francisco. I desire to have a limitation with re-
gard to the Treasury. I doubt myself whether
the amendment would be of any value to either of
the parties.
Mr. GWIN. I am perfectly willing that that
portion of it that has reference to New York should
be voted down, if the Senator from New York is
not satisfied with it. But I want the portion con-
nected with California voted in, because I believe
it will be of some benefit. There is no doubt
about the fact that goods have been burnt and de-
I stroyed, and duties paid on goods in the custom-
house, while the bonds of the merchants are out-
standing against them, upon which they are liable
to be sued. 1 hope the $100,000 appropriated for
California will remain in the bill. 1 am perfectly
satisfied it will do my constituents some good. It
; is not all that I should desire to get, but it is getting
something for them.
Mr. FISH. I did not rise to object to the
amendment. I wanted to know whether there
was any estimate for it. I make no objection to
it. Let it pass as it is. It will, perhaps,avail
some five or six thousand dollars.
Mr. HUNTER. The point to which I looked
was, whether the Treasury of the United States
is guarded. It is guarded with the limitation of
the act of 1838, which is well drawn. 1 am con-
tented with any provision which is guarded by
that act.
Mr. SEWARD. So am I.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment reported from the Com-
mittee on Finance was the following:
"Sec   Jlnd be it further en acted, That the Secretary
of the Treasury tie authorized to remit the duties upon any
machinery imported into (he United States for spinning and
weaving flax, or to refund duties heretofore paid within live
years past on such machinery, out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated : Provided, That it
shall be proved to his satistaction that such machinery is
not an article of manufacture in the United States, and has
been used by the persons or companies importing it for
manufacturing purposes: provided further, That they
bind themselves to permit inspections and models of sucl>
machinery to b« made in such maimer as may not interfere
| with their usual occupations."
! Mr. HUNTER. This provision is to suffer a
! species of machinery for a new manufacture grow-
ing up, to come in without payment of duty. It
' has been suggested to me t y the Senator from
i Rhode Island, that it perhaps wanted one addi-
tional restriction, and that is, that this privilege
1 shall not be extended for a period of more than
two years. I therefore move to add at the end
the words—
" Nor shall this privilege be extended for a period of more
than two years."
The amend menl to the am en d ment was agreed to.
Mr. DAYIS. I would suggest another modi-
fication. It has a proviso that this machinery is
not manufactured in the United States. I think it
ought to state, " machinery not manufactured at
| the time of the importation." It may have been
, manufactured from these very models. I suggest,
therefore, to the Senator, to insert "not manu-
factured at the time of the importation."
Mr. HUNTER. I agree to that. 1 think that
is right. By general consent it may be inserted.
There was no objection, and it was so modi-
fied.
The amendment as amended was then agreed
to.
The next amendment reported from the Com-
ported iron
following:
mittee on Finance was the
"Sec.—. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the Secretary
of the Treasury is hereby authorized and required to cancel
any outstanding debenture bonds given previously to the
first day of July, 1850, upon the importation of foreign
coals: Provided, That the said coals have been exported
to a foreign port or consumed upon the outward voyage,
and shall not have been consumed in the United States.'1
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
insert the following section:
"Sec.—. Jind be it further enacted, That the third sec-
tion of the act entitled ' Au act making appropriations lor
the civil and diplomatic expenses of the Government for
the year ending the 30th of June, 1847, and for other pur-
poses,' approved August 10, 1816, be, and the same is
hereby, revived and continued in force for the fiscal year
ending the 3uth of June, 1854."
Mr. HUNTER. That is a provision by which
certain clerks are continued from year to year.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
add the following section:
" Sec. —. -Indbeit further enacted, That the Secretary
of the Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized to pur-
chase, at tbe current market price, any of the outstanding
stocks of the United States as he m'-ty think most advisable
from any surplus funds in the Treasury: Provided, That
the balance in theTreasury shall not at any time he reduced
below $6,000,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. The Committee on Finance
have instructed me to offer the following amend-
ment, which is baaed upon an estimate to carry
out an act passed at this session:
