THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGKESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
3£d Congress, 1st Session.
MONDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 1853.
New Series No. 57.
classes, and raises them in the upper, so that you
increase the pay for skilled anu efficient men,
while for the new recruits you pay less. That to
which the Senator alludes is according to the esti-
mate.of the Auditor himself.
Mr. PETTIT. I desire to have the reading of
the amendment concluded.
The amendment was then read through. It is
as follows:
" Sec. —. Jlnd be it further enacted, That from and after
the 30th of June, 1853, the clerks in the Departments of
the Treasury, War, Navy, the Interior, and the Post Office, }
shall be arranged into four classes, of which, class No. 1
shall receive an annual salary of $900 each; class No. 2,
an annual salary of $1,200 each; class No. 3, an annual |
salary of $1,500 each; and class No. 4, an annual salary of ,
$1,800 each. ,
" In the office of the Secretary of the Treasury, four of
class 1; six of class 3; six of class 3; and five of class 4.
In the office of the Solicitor, one of class 1; two of class 2;
three of class 3; and one of class 4. In the office of the
First Comptroller, two of class 2; five of class 2; and seven ,
of class 3. In the office of the Second Comptroller, three
of class 1; four of class 2; and seven of class 3. In the
office of the First Auditor, three of class 1; six of class 2;
and nine of class 3. In the office of the Second Auditor,
two of class 1; six of class 2; and eleven of class 3. In the
office of the Third Auditor, three of class 1; forty-one of
class 2; and eight of class 3. In the office of the Fourth
Aaditor, one of class 1; four of class 2; and nine of class 3.
In the office of the Fifth Auditor, two of class 1; three of
class 2; and two of class 3. In the office of the Sixth Aud-
itor, twenty of class 1; fifty of class 2; twenty-six of class
3; and five of claps 4. In the office of the Register, five of !
class 1; eighteen of class 2; and four of class 3. In the
office of the Commissioner of Customs, three of class 1;
four of class 2; and three of class 3. In the office of the |
Treasurer, two of class 1; five of class 2; and five of class ,
3; and in the office ofthe Light-House Board, one of class I
1; one of class 2; and two of class 3. |
" In the office of the Secretary of War, one of elass 1;
two of class 2; two of class 3; and one or class 4. In the i
office ofthe General-in-Chief, one of class 2. In the office {
ofthe Adjutant General two of class 1; five of class 2; one j
of .class 3; and one of class 4. In the office of the Quar-
termaster-General, three of class 1; five of class 2; two of j
class 3; and one of class 4. In the office of the Paymaster-
General, two of class 1; three of class 2; two of class 3;
and me of class 4. In the office of the Commissanr-Gen-
eral, two of class 1; two of class 2; one of clas ^; and
one of class 4. In the office of the Surgeon-General, one
of class 1; one of class 2; and one of class 4. In the office
of the Colonel of Engineers, one of class 1; two of class 2;
one of class 3; and one of class 4. In the office of the Col-
onel of Topographical Engineers, one of class 1; two of
class 2; one of class 3; and one of class 4; and in the office
of the Colonel of Ordnance, two of class Ij four of class
2; one of class 3; and one of class 4.
" In the office of the Secretary of the Navy, four of class
2; six of class 3; and one of class 4. In the office of
Construction, Equipment, and Repairs, one of class 1;
seven, including the draughtsmen, of class 2; and one of
class 4. In the Bureau of Yards and Docks, one of class 1;
four, including the draughtsman, of class 3; and one of class
4. In the Bureau of Provisions and Clothing, four of class
2; and one of class 4. In the Bureau of Ordnance and
Hydrography, four, including the draughtsman, of class2;
and one of class 4; and in the Bureau of Medicine and
Surgery, two of class 2; and one, the assistant, of class 4.
" In the office of the Secretary of the Interior, four of
class2; three of class 3; and three of class 4. Intheoffice
of the Commissioner of Pensions, ten of class 1; thirty of
class 2; five of class 3; and four of class 4. In the office
of the Commissioner of the General Land Office, forty of
class 1; forty of class 2; twenty-three of class 3; and three
of class 4. In the office of the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs, six of class 2; six of class 3; and three of class 4;
and in the office of the Commissioner of Patents, eight of
class 2; twelve, including the six assistant examiners, of
class 3; and one of class 4.
" In the office ofthe postmaster General, ten of class 1,
thirty-three of class 2, twenty-nine of class 3, and six, in-
cluding the topographer, of class 4.
" And there shall be a chief cleric for each ofthe offices
of the Solicitor, First Comptroller, Second Comptroller,
First Auditor, Second Auditor, Third Auditor, Fourth Aud-
itor, Fifth Auditor, Sixth Auditor, Register, Commissioner
of Customs, Treasurer, Light-House Board, Commissioner
of Pensions, Commissioner ofthe General Land office, Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs, and Commissioner of Patents,
who shall be allowed an annual compensation of $2,000.
And there shall be a chief clerk for each of the Depart-
ments of the Treasury, War, Navy, Interior, and General
Post Office, who shall be allowed an annual compensation
of $2,200.
" No cterk shall be appointed in either ofthe four classes
until after he has been examined and found qualified by a
Board, to consist of three examiners, one of them to be die
chief of the bureau or office into which he is to be appointed,
and the two others to be selected by the head ofthe Departs
ment to which the said clerk will be assigned. Nor shall any
* clerk in the Departments herein named receive any other
salary or money for extra services than the sum or sums
specified in this section, at any time after thU section has
been executed, by a classification of the clerks, as it pre-
scribes. There shall be a disbursing clerk for each ofthe
Departments of War, Navy, and the Post Office; not more
57
than three for the Treasury Department, at the discretion
of the Secretary thereof, and not more than three for the
Department ofthe Interior, at the discretion of the Secre-
tary thereof, the said clerks to be appointed out of class 4,
by the heads of the respective Departments, and to receive
such sum in addition to their regular salaries as may amount
in all to $2,000 per annum. But it shall be their further
duty, when designated by the head of the Department for
that service, to superintend the buildings, - and they shall
give bonds as required by the Independent Treasury act:
Provided, That the clerks, when distributed and arranged
as required in this section, shall be paid according to its
provisions, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, and shall constitute the whole of the perma-
nent clerical force of the Departments of the Treasury,
War, Navy, the Interior, and the Post Office, with the ex-
ception of the Census Bureau, which is not included in this
arrangement, and the clerks temporarily employed in the
office of the Third Auditor, on bounty land service, and
on arrearages of pay: Jirui provided further, That each
head of the said Departments may order the distribution
herein made of the clerks amongst the various bureaus and
offices in his Department, if he should find it necessary and
proper to do 90."
Mr. PETTIT. I hare found at last the objec-
tionable part, which will prevent ray voting for
the amendment, unless the mover consents to strike
it out, and that is that part raising a board of ex-
amination. It seems to me that great abuses must !
necessarily grow out of that—great partialities,
indeed. A body of three men is to be appointed
by the head of the bureau, to examine men who
apply for clerkships.
Mr. HUNTER. The Secretary is to appoint
them.
Mr. PETTIT. Well, the Secretary is to ap-
point them. What is the result ? It vesta in the
hands of three men already in the office the power
to say who shall be of their number—who shall
come in and who shall stay out. Necessarily it
will produce a system of favoritism. If it is m I
cannot vote for the proposed amendment. I there-
fore more that that part of the amendment re-
lating to the appointment of a Board to examine
clerks be stricken out.
Mr. HUNTER. I will say, in regard "to that,
that I think the Senator from Indiana is mistaken
as to the effect which would arise from the adop-
tion of the provision. It is not to be a standing
board of examiners. The head of the Depart-
ment is to appoint two men to act in connection
with the head of the bureau, which head of the
bureau has an especial interest in having qualified
persons in his office. That is to be the consitu-
tion of the Board to examine an applicant for a
clerkship. If they find him unqualified, they re-
pott hint. If he is properly qualified, he is ap-
pointed; therefore the only limitation upon the
appointment is that he should be a qualified per-
son. I have been assured by the heads of the
several bureaus that this will work a greater change
towards the appointment of qualified officers than
anything that could be done. A gentleman who
was at the head of one of the bureaus, but is not
now, told me on one occasion that a youngjaan
came to him who had been appointed. HflRid
he told him to sit down and write him a letter in-
forming him of the fact of his appointment. He
sat down, made three attempts, tore up the sheet
of paper, walked out of the office, and was never
heard of afterwards.
Mr. PETTIT. That may all be, but the very
thing that I object to is, that the man who is at the
head of a bureau shall have the power to make a
selection of the clerks—not only to control them
after they are appointed, but to select them before.
The result will be that he will appoint his uncles,
his nephews, his brothers, his cousins, and if he
could, his aunts, and no one will be found compe-
tent but those for whom he has a direct interest
to secure the appointment.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Has he not that power
now ?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I desire to make
an inquiry of the chairman of the Committee on
Finance. If I understand this proposition, it is
intended to increase the salaries of the clerks in the
various Departments. I am perfectly satisfied my-
self that they ought to be increased; and I am
ready to vote the increase, provided it begins at
the heads of the Departments. I want to know of
the chairman of the committee whether there is
any provision here for the increase of the salaries
of the several heads of Departments?
Mr. HUNTER. The Committee on Finance
have instructed me to report an amendment, which
1 shall presently propose, for purchasing and build-
ing houses for the Vice President and the heads
of the several Departments.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Then I suggest to
the chairman to incorporate it with this. I am
ready to vote for this, provided the other is inclu-
ded; but I am not willing to increase the pay ofthe
subordinates, while we leave that of the heads of
the Departments not increased. I think the dig-
nity and honor of our Government require that
they should be increased. If the Senator will put
them together, I am ready to vote for them all, but
I cannot vote to increase the pay of the subordi-
nates, while the heads are not increased.
Mr. HUNTER. I think it will be better to keep
them separate. I regard this as much more im-
portant than the other. 1 hope, however, we shall
have a vote.
Mr. BRADBURY. I would like to inquire of
the Senator from Indiana, in what mode he would
propose to have the clerks classified ?
. Mr. PETTIT. My amendment does not touch
the classification. It relates only to the mode of
appointment. As the amendment of the commit-
tee now stands, you get a man at the head of the
bureau to determine who shall be his clerks. It is
idle to say that you will have two others to act
with him, for the head of the bureau will control
the Board. If he says to the others who are as-
sociated with him, "Gentlemen, I want this man
for clerk, or I do not want any," he necessarily
controls the whole matter. For that reason I want
it stricken out.
Mr. BORLAND. I would inquire of the Sen-
ator, if the head of the bureau does not possess
that power now ?
Mr. PETTIT. At any rate there will be a
savingin time; you will not have a Board convening
every day to try clerks and investigate their quali-
fications. You will consume the time of the three
men when they ought to be at work.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected;
there being, on a division—ayes 13, noes 24.
The question then recurred on the amendment
of the committee, and it was agreed to; there being
on a division—rayes 27, noes not counted.
Mr. HUNTER. The Committee on Finance
have instructed me to offer the following amend-
ment:
For the purchase of the ground and the erection of
suitable residences for the Vice President, the Secretaries
of State, Treasury, War, Navy, and Interior, and the Post-
master and Attorney General, $340,000: Provided, The
whole coat thereof shall not exceed that amount; to t>e ex-
pended under the direction of the President of the United
States.
Mr. CHASE called for the yeas and nays on ,
the amendment; and they were ordered.
Mr. BORLAND. I understand that this propo-
sition*, which is in accordance with the recom-
mendation of the Secretary of the Interior in his
report, is, that a large amount of money shall be
expended for the purpose of erecting residences for
the heads of Departments. I would inquire of the
Senator from Virginia, the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Finance, if this appropriation is to cover
the whole expense of ground, building, and furnish-
ing?
Mr. HUNTER. The amendment so provides.
Mr. BORLAND. I would suggest to the Sen-
ator from Virginia that if he approves it, it ought
to be still further amended, so as to provide houses
for the accommodation of Senators and members
of the House of Representatives. [Laughter.]
Sir, the members of Congress come to Washington
city under circumstances, and are detained here
at an expense, it would seem to me, very nearly
as great, taking the average, as those of the heads
of Departments, and they do not receive on an
average half as much pay. They have fully as
much labor to perform. They are here under
circumstances which in a great many instances
prevent their bringing their families with them.
