1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
901
without reference to the manner in -which the
money has been expended. My remark applies,
to the system, to the Government undertaking to
take the place of private individuals, and doing
work by itself. It is always subjected to imposi-
tion, and always pays a greatly increased oost over
private individuals. Wherever we can employ
private individuals with a prospect of accomplish-
ing as much good, it is certainly the dictate of
economy at least to adopt such a plan. While,
therefore, no one is more anxious to see good
water-works established in Washington than lam,
and while no one will go more zealously for any
plan likely to accomplish it, I think we should be
doing wrong; I think we should be retarding the
work and putting it off to a remote day if the Gov-
ernment engages in it;, and we should incur ex-
penses which we are now incapable of estimating.
Taking as a basis the Capitol extension and
other works, if a million and a half of dollars is
the estimate for these water-works, we may fairly
assume that the cost to the Government before
they are completed, will not be less than six or
seven millions. I am satisfied that for one half, or
perhaps one fourth the annual expense which this
will involve, we can be supplied by the private en-
terprise of a company which may be organized,
and as I understand is organized, and ready to
undertake the work.
Mr. PRATT. Mr. President, I am entirely in
favor of the appropriation, and the object of that
appropriation; but it occurs to me, and I make
the suggestion to the Senator from Virginia,
whether it would not be proper to amend the
amendment in one particular. Under the report
of the engineers who were directed to make a sur-
vey of the practicability of bringing water here, I
believe you have to go out of the District of Co-
lumbia for the purpose of making your dams and
getting the water. You are obliged to go to the
waters of the State of Maryland for the purpose
of supplying the District of Columbia. If water
is to be tak^p from the Potomac river for the pur-
pose of supplying this work here, the State of
Maryland is deeply interested; and I do not think
that the work ought to be prosecuted except under
some law and some officer recognized by that
State; for the reason that the whole Potomac river
belongs to the State of Maryland up to low-water
mark on the Virginia shore; and for the further
reason that she has expended some ten or twelve
millions of dollars in a work requiring at certain
periods of the year nearly all the water in the Po-
•tomac river—I refer to the Chesapeake and Ohio
canal. If the amendment proposed now is to
authorize the construction of this work as a work
of internal improvement upon the part of the Fed-
eral Government, without the assent, without the
concurrence of the State of Maryland, I must ob-
ject to it, though I am entirely in favor of the
object and for an appropriation for it, if it can be
legitimately carried out. It is clear that you can-
not get a supply of water for the District of Co-
lumbia, without going beyond the District for that
purpose. The State of Maryland would have no
possible objection to your using in any way the
waters of the Rock Creek for that purpose; but I
believe it is ascertained that they are inadequate.
You will have therefore to resort to the Potomac
# river. I have no doubt that upon proper plans
you can get a sufficient quantity of water from the
Potomac without doing injury to any of the works
now established there which are using that water.
I hope, therefore, that some amendment will be
made so as to make it dependent upon the assent
of Maryland, at any rate as to the mode in which
the work shall be constructed in Maryland.
Mr. HUNTER. This subject was referred to
the Committee on the District of Columbia, but
the Committee on Finance believing it to be a good
object, voted in the amendment at the request of
the chairman of the Committee on the District of
Columbia, who is not now present. It is for that
committee to suggest the details, if they have
any. It was supposed, however, that it would
not be necessary to go forward with the entire
plan, when this preliminary appropriation'was
made, because, if the Government is in posses-
sion of the water-works, in possession of the
main conduit, and of the reservoir, it could im-
' pose what terms it pleased on the city of Wash-
ington for using it. It may hand them over to
the city of Washington, as some propose, on con-
' dition of keeping me works in repair, or it may
charge some slight sum for the use of the water.
The whole subject will be in charge of the Govern-
ment hereafter, so that nothing can be risked in
that regard.
It was also to be presumed, that the President,
in looking to the plans, would have an eye to the
assent of Maryland, if the work should go into
the State of Maryland. That will be a matter for
him to arrange, and we thought it much better to
leave the subject to him, rather than to undertake
to arrange here all these details upon which there
was a difference of opinion. All I have to say in
relation to the matter is, that every Senator here is
as competent as I am to judge of the necessity of
the appropriation; and, if gentlemen should think
the matter is not arranged with sufficient accuracy
and sufficient precision of detail, I hope, at least,
they will give us a vote. I believe, however, that
they would risk nothing in trusting the plan, as it
is proposed to trust it, to the President.
As to what this is to cost hereafter I know not.
The only means I have of guessing is upon the
estimates furnished. The Senator from Arkansas
discredits them. If they are to be discredited, I
acknowledge that I have no means of judging,
and we shall be just as much at sea a year hence
in relation to commencing it as now, because the
same reason would discredit the estimates a year
hence as now. But if we are to go into the matter,
we ought to commence at once. It is desirable
that something should be done towards furnishing
the city with water as soon as possible; for it is
a great necessity now, and the want of it is felt
very sensibly.
Mr. BORLAND. The Senator from Virginia
is certainly mistaken in supposing that I discred-
ited the estimates. I did not discredit them. I
:! have no doubt, from the character of the engineer
j making them, that he was very accurate, and that
; i his estimates are very much to be relied upon. It
!' is not discrediting his estimates to say that the
I' amount which will be expended will greatly ex-
!1 ceed those estimates. If he, or some one whom
i he could rely upon, could be employed in the de-
i tails of the work, in its execution, it is very prob-
j j able that his estimates would be found to be exactly
j | correct; but we know very well that we always
j I exceed the estimates, and very largely. It is no
I1 fault of the individual making them. He esti-
11 mates from data which he has in his possession,
no doubt faithfully, honestly, and skillfully as an
engineer; but when the execution comes, and it is
intrusted to other hands, and intrusted to such
hands as it mast necessarily be when the Govern-
ment is the architect, we know, from the experi-
ence of every branch of the public service, that the
estimates are always exceeded very greatly. 1
gave the case of the Capitol extension as the case
in point. The Committee on Public Buildings
originally, on the best information they could get
by consulting engineers, estimated the cost at a
$1,506,000, and there whs at that time a member
on the committee very skillful in such matters.
I allude to the late Senator from Mississippi, Mr.
Jefferson Davis, who was at that time a member
of that committee—a gentleman of scientific at-
tainments, and whose education and training had
peculiarly fitted him for such investigations and
such estimates. Although $1,500,000 was the
estimate in that case, what has been the result ?
As I have said, |1,000,000 has already been ex-
pended, and $600,000 more are proposed to be
appropriated in this bill. Yetthe foundations have
been hardly laid, or certainly not completed.
I 8ay—taking that as a case from which we are
to make an inference—that when this engineer esti-
mates for a million and a half, if the samejraeral
plan of carrying out the work be adoptea^r the
Government shall act as architect with its subor-
dinates, four times as much as has been estimated
for will be consumed. I want to get clear of that
uncertainty. I want to put it in private hands, to
make it dependent upon private individuals, de-
pendent upon private enterprise, private intelli-
gence and interest, to make the work on the most
economical and practicable plan, and in the shortest
time. I am willing, then, when the works shall
be established, that the Government shall pay a
liberal compensation, a liberal allowance, a high
water-rate, if you choose, for the use of the water.
Mr. PRATT. In order to carry out my tows,
I move to amend the aAendment by adding to it
the following:
Provided, however, That any plan which may be adopted
by the President, in so far as water is te be brought from the
State of Maryland, shall first receive the sanction of the
Legislature of that State.
Mr. HUNTER. That amendment requires
that the State of Maryland shall judge of the plan
by which water is to be brought into the District
of Columbia. You are associating that State gov-
ernment with the President, in fixingupon the plan
by which it is to be brought here. I suppose all
that the Senator from Maryland can claim would
be, that the right to make works through Mary-
land should not be exercised until the State assents.
Surely he does not desire to give that State a con-
trol over the plan by which the work is to be ex-
ecuted.  
Mr. PRATT. I think that the Senator from
Virginia is manifestly mistaken. The proviso I
desire to' have added to his amendment only re-
quires that the Legislature of the State of Mary-
land shall sanction, not the plan of bringing the
water here, but the plan by which it is to be
brought through that State, It is not that your
; water-works here, or anything of that sort, shall
be subjected to their supervision, but that the plan
' by which water is to be taken from the Potomac,
and to be carried through the State of Maryland,
J shall receive the sanction of the Legislature of that
State. That will prevent it from conflicting with
the rights of the Chesapeake and Ohio Canal Com-
pany, and the water rights of the citizens of that
State heretofore granted by the acts of the Legis-
lature.
The Senator thinks that the Federal Govern-
ment has no power to pass a law by which you
can do any work within the limits of a State, at
any rate without the assent of that State. Whether
we have the power or not is a disputed question.
If he is correct in his estimate of the powers of the
Federal Government, the amendment only places
; the subject where it would be without the proviso
which I have proposed to put in. If he is right
in the opinion that the President of the United
States cannot go into the State of Maryland with-
out the sanction of that State, for the purpose of
doing anything in regard to these works, the pro-
viso! desire to place there is only to declare what
the Senator himself understands to be the law
without the proviso. I hope my amendment will
i be adopted. I ask for the yeas and nays upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HUNTER. I regret to be constrained to
interpose; but if weareto have this proviso tacked
to the amendment, by which the Legislature of
Maryland is to control the plan, I hope it will be
voted down, for the purpose of putting a restric-
i tion on the original amendment that the water
shall be brought from Rock creek. We can do
that within the District without touching Mary-
land.
Mr. MANGUM. I only concur in half what
has been said by the chairman of the Committee
on Finance. I am opposed to putting on this re-
striction, believing that it is wholly unnecessary,
and that the President will not proceed to any
action that would be in conflict either with the
interests or the feelings of the State of Maryland;
and therefore it will only tend to postpone action.
As to bringing water from Rock creek, I am per-
fectly satisfied, from the information I have had,
, that water, in a sufficiency, cannot be had there
during the hot months of the year. One half the
i inhabitants of this city during the last two summers
have had to go a vast distance to get common
i drinking-water for family uses, on account of the
wells drying up, and water failing in a very large
| portion of the city. The public and private in-
j terests involved are so obvious and so manifest
> to every gentleman who will give the subject a
moment's reflection,that I will not detain the Sen-
| ate by arguing that we ought to have an abundant
i supply of water. I think that can only be had
| from the Potomac river. I should be one of the
| last to do anything likely to come in conflict with
| the feelings or interests of Maryland; but I am
i perfectly satisfied that the question may be left
; open, without any restrictions, and that none of
| her rights will be trenched upon. I shall vote
| against the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I shall vote for the
i amendment of the Senator from Maryland with a
| great deal of pleasure. I think it is eminently prop-
1 er, and we havp r\ prccoilent for it in other cases,
j I must again express my astonishment at the dis-
1 regard of State rights manifested by my friend
