1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
003
Mr. BORLAND. I would ask the Senator
from Connecticut one question. Doea not the
original amendment necessarily propose that these
water-works shall be constructed in part in the
State ot' Maryland? No one believes that the
work can be done in the District of Columbia.
All admit that a part of the money must be ex-
pended in the State of Maryland; because, whether
the water be drawn from Rock creek or the Po-
tomac, it must come from that State. The pro-
vision of the amendment to the amendment is,
that if in the execution of this law, a necessity
shall arise for doing the work in Maryland, it shall
not be done without the authority of the Legisla-
ture of that State. So far as principle is concerned
it is precisely the same in this one case, as in that
of the Pacific railroad. There was an express
provision that the road should be made in a par-
ticular State. In this case, from its very nature, a
necessity arises that the work shall be done in
Maryland.
Mr. TOUCEY. I should like to know, Mr.
President, whether any one imagines that this au-
thorizes the taking of private property in the Dis-
trict or out of the District? 1 would ask how you
can obtain water from the State of Maryland with-
out interfering with private property ? Does any-
body suppose that this appropriation authorizes
the President to interfere with private property or
with the jurisdiction of any State? No such thing.
You might as well introduce a proviso here that
Sri vale property should not be taken, as to intro-
uce a provision of this kind. It is entirely un-
necessary. Neither the one nor the other can be
done.  
Mr. PRATT. The remarks of the Senator from
Connecticut render it necessary that 1 should say
a few words. He supposes that the amendment
which I had the honor of offering would be en-
tirely irrelevant to the amendment of the Commit-
tee on Finance. The amendment of the commit-
tee authorizes, or in other words directs the Presi-
dent, because it would become his duty, to bring
water to the District of Columbia. During the
last session of Congress an appropriation was
made directing the Engineer Department to report
from what sources that water could be brought.
They have reported that it cannot be brought here
without going to the State of Maryland. Acting
upon that report, the commits have proposed an
amendment directing the President to bring water
here, and a certain sum of money is appropriated
for that purpose, to be expended upon some plan to
be approved by the President. If you have power,
as some contend, to construct a work of internal
improvement within the limits of a State, then you
confer upon the President by the original amend-
ment full power, with the appropriation you have
made, to bring water here from the State of Mary-
land, with or without the assent of that State. The
object of ray amendment is simply to provide that
the Legislature of Mary land, which is now in ses-
sion, and which will remain in session for several
months to come, shall assent to the plan, provided
the water is to be taken from the State of Mary-
land. It is known to everybody except the hon-
orable Senator, that the water is to be taken from
that State.
Now, one word to the Senator from Virginia.
He has done my colleague the honor of accepting
his amendment. Excepting phraseology, it is
identical with the one offerea by me, to which the
Senator so strenuously objected. His objection
to my amendment was, that he did not wish the
plan, which the original amendment authorized the
President to select, to be subject to the control of
the Legislature of Maryland. By the amendment
offered by my colleague, which I have accepted in
lieu of my own, the assent of the Legislature is
required to that plan; so that, except that the one
proceeds from one source and the other from an-
other source, the two amendments are identical.
The Legislature of Maryland is to assent to the
Elan of the President for bringing water from the
tate of Maryland before the provision shall go
into effect.
Mr. HUNTER. I understood the amendment
of the Senator from Maryland [Mr. Pratt] to be
that the assent of the Legislature shall be required
to the plan; and I understood the amendment of
the other Senator [Mr. Pearce] to require the as-
sent of the Legislature before water shall be taken
from the waters of Maryland.
Mr. PRATT. They are identically the same.
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator from Maryland
has accepted the amendment of his colleague, and
I have no objection to it now.
The question being taken by yeas and nays
upon the adoption of the amendment of Mr. Pratt
as modified, resulted—yeas 30, nays 20; as fol- I
lows:
YEAS—Mem*. Adams, Atchison, Bayard, Bradbury,
Bailer, Chaw, Clarke, Cooper, Dawson, Dodge ot' Iowa,
Douglas, Downs, F ot, Hamlin, Houston, Jones of Ten-
nessee, Mallory, Mason, Morton, Pearce, Phelps, Pratt,
Rusk, Sebastian, Shields, Sou!*, Spruance, Sumner, Wal-
ker, and Welier—30.
NAYS—Messrs, Badger, Bell, Borland, Brodhead,
Brooks, Charlton, De Saussure, Fish, Fitzpatrick, Geyer,
(•wm, Hale, Jones of Iowa, Mangum, Miller, Seward,
* Smith, Toucey, Underwood, and Wade—20. j
So the amendment to the amendment was agreed
The question recurred upon the adoption of the
amendment as amended; upon which
Mr. BORLAND called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered; and being taken, resulted—
yeas 36, nays 12; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Bell, Brooke, Charlton, Clarke,
Cooper, Dawson, De Saussure, Downs, Fish, Foot, Gever,
Gwin, Hale, Houston, Hunter, James, Jones of Iowa, Jones
of Tennessee, Mallory, Manguin, Mason, Miller, Morton,
Pearce, Phelps, Pratt, Husk, Sebastian, Seward, Shields,
Soule, Spruance, Sumner, Underwood, and Welier—36.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Badger, Borland, Urodhead,
Chase, Davis, Dodge of Iowa, Fitzpatrick, I'ettit, Smith,
Wade, and Walker—12.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RUSK. I now move to reconsider the
rote by which the Senate rejected the amendment
of the Committee on Finance providing for fur-
nishing houses for the members of the Cabinet and
the Vice President. My object is to adopt, not
that provision, but the one suggested by the Sena-
tor from Maine.
Mr. BRADBURY. I apprehend that there-
consideration will hardly be necessary, for the
Senator from Virginia, I believe, intends to pro-
pose it as a separate amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Badger
in the chair.) If the vote be reconsidered, the
amendment of the Senator from Maine cannot be
offered as an amendment to that amendment,
because the amendment as reported is of such a
nature as that no word of the original one can be
retained.
Mr. BRADBURY. I supposed that it could
be offered as a substitute.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is no
such thing as a substitute. Every amendment
must retain some part of the original proposition.
, Mr. RUSK. If the vote be reconsidered, I think
I can find some word of the original amendment
t to which to attach that of the Senator from Maine,
i The motion to reconsider was agreed to, and the
1, question recurred on the adoption of the amend-
1 meat; which was in the following words:
I j " For the purchase of the ground and the erection of
suitable residences for the Vice President, the Secretaries
1 of State, Treasury, War, Navy, and Interior, and the Post-
master, and Attorney General, $240,000: Provided, That
the whole cost thereof shall not exceed that amount, to be
expended under the direction of Uie President of the United
States."
Mr. BRADBURY. I now offer, ifitisinorder,
1 my amendment as a substitute for that.
Mr. HUNTER. It has been suggested to me
that the best mode of relieving the Senate from the
difficulty will be to vote down the amendment of
i the committee, and then the proposition of the
; Senator from Maine can afterwards be voted in.
He can offer it as a separate proposition, because
it makes no appropriation.
Mr. RUSK. I shall vote against this amend-
ment in the present state of affairs; but if I can get
in the amendment of the Senator from Maine, I will
vote for it. It seems to me that there is no diffi-
culty, and I think I can suggest a mode of getting
at the question. 1 propose to retain in the original
amendment the words, "the Vice President, the
Secretaries of State, Treasury, War, Navy, and
Interior, and the Postmaster and Attorney Gen-
eral," and then to insert before those words, the
first part of the amendment of the Senator from
Maine, " That hereafter the annual compensation
of;" and then to strike out all after thewords, At-
torney General, and insert, "shall be #8,000."
The effect of that will be to leave the amendment
if so amended, to read:
"And be it further enalcd, That hereafter the annual com-
pensation of the Vice President, the Secretaries of State,
Treasury, War, Navy,and Interior, and the Postmaster and
Attorney General, shall be iJS.OOO."
Mr. BELL. I wish to ask the chairman of the
Committee on Finance if the original amendment
was reported from that committee?
Mr. HUNTER. Yes, sir; I have offered no
amendment which was not reported from the com-
mittee.
Mr. BELL. I was not aware of that.
Mr. WALKER. The Senate the other day,
with a great deal of unanimity, overruled a prop-
osition of mine which was offered as an amendment
to the Army appropriation bill. I wish to see
whether it is disposed to stand by that decision,
and I therefore raise a question of order on this
amendment, thinking it is important in view of the
decision of the Chair then.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. What point of
order does the Senator make ?
Mr. WALKER. It is that this is an amend-
ment moved by an individual Senator to an amend-
ment of the Committee on Finance, which amend-
ment to the amendment proposes an additional
appropriation.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Wisconsin is mistaken in point of fact. The
amendment of the Committee on Finance does pro-
pose an additional appropriation, but the amend-
ment to the amendment proposes to strike out
that appropriation, and not to make any at all.
Mr. SEWARD called for the yeas and nays
upon the amendment to the amendment; and they
were ordered; and being taken, resulted—yeas
36, nays 17; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Bayard, Borland,
Bradbury, Bright, Brodhead, Brooke, Butler, Cass, Charl-
ton, Clarke, Dawson, De Saussure, Downs, Fish, Fitz-
patrick, Foot, Geyer, Gwin, Hamlin, Hunter, James, Jones
of Tennessee, Mallory, Pettit, Pratt, Rusk, Shields, Smith,
Soull, Spruance, Sumner, Toucey, Walker, and Welier—
36.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Bell, Chase, Davis, Dodge of
Iowa, Douglas, Jones of Iowa, Manguin, Mason, Miller,
Morton, Norria, Phelps, SebasUan, Seward, Underwood,
and Wade—17.
So the amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
The question recurred upon the amendment aa
amended, upon which Mr. Wade called for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 40, nays 15; as follows:
YEAS—Messre. Atchison, Badger, Bayard, Borland,
Bradbury, Bright, Brodhead, Brooke, Butler, Cass, Charl-
ton, Clarke, Dawson, De Saussure, Downs, Felch, FIbIi,
Fitzpatrick, Foot, Geyer, Gwin, Hale, Hamlin, Houston,
Hunter, James, Jones of Tennessee, Mallory, Mason, Mor-
ton, Pettit, Pratt, Rusk, Shields, Smith, Sould, Sumner,
Toucey, Walker, and Welier—40.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Bell, Chase, Davis, Dodge of
Iowa, Douglas, Jones of Iowa, Manguin, Miller, Norris,
Sebastian, Seward, Spruance, Underwood, and Wade—15.
So the amendment as amended was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. I am instructed to offer an-
other amendment, in pursuance of an estimate from
the Secretary of War. It is to insert " 55 " in-
stead of " 35," so as to make oneof the items for "
expenses of the Senate read—
For clerks .to committees and President pro tempore,
draughtsman, messengers, pages, laborers, police, horses,
and carry-alls, $55,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. The next amendment of the
Committee on Finance is to insert among the ap-
propriations for contingent expenses of the Senate
the following:
To supply a deficiency in the appropriations heretofore
made for lithographing and engraving for the year ending
June 30,1853, |24,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. I am further instructed by
the Committee on Finance to offer the following
amendment:
Sic. —. Jlnd be it further enacted, That upon all iron
imported for rails to tie laid upon railroads in the United
States, or the Territories thereof, a credit of five years shall
be allowed upon the duties upon such iron: Provided, That
the importer shall give such security as may be satisfactory
to the Secretary of the Treasury for the payment of said
duties, at the rate of six per centum per annum, and for
the forfeiture of double the amount of said duties in the
event that said iron is not satisfactorily proved to have
been laid down within five years upon some railroad within
the United States or the Territories thereof.
Mr. MASON. I move to amend the amend-
ment in such a way as to make it read-
That all existing duties upon iron to be imported for rails
to be laid upon railroads in the United States, or the Terri-
tories thereof, (ball be, and the same are hereby, repealed.
