904
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 28,
Mr. BRODHEAD. This is a very important
subject, and it deserves full discussion. The
amendment involves the question of the modifica-
tion of the tariff" act of 1846. I think that both
the amendment and the amendment to the amend-
ment are out of time and out of place, and deserve
the defeat which justly awaits them.
I have heretofore stood steadily by my friend
from Virginia, the chairman of the Committee on
Finance. I think there is no member of this body
who has given him a more zealous support in his
position as chairman of that committee than I
have. I must therefore be permitted to express
my surprise that he proposes to legislate upon so
important a question as this in the civil and dip-
lomatic bill. I understand that the civil and dip-
lomatic bill is for the purpose of carrying on the
Government, not the modification or change of
laws, and that upon that bill we are not to have de-
batable questions. If we adopt a different course,
we place the legislation of this Government in the
hands of five gentlemen who compose the Com-
mittee on Finance. No other member of the Sen-
ate except a member of that committee could offer
this amendment. No one could offer it without
the sanction of a majority of that committee. If
any other member should have moved this, I
rather think my friend from Virginia wouUl have
said this was a debatable question, and ought not
to go upon the civil and diplomatic bill. He would
say that it would lead to debate, and, sir, 1 think
it will lead to a considerable amount of debate,
not only here, but in the House of Representa-
tives.
Mr. President, I cannot well see, nor can I un-
derstand why we should here, upon the civil and
diplomatic bill, in the last days of this Congress,
undertake to modify the tariff act of 1846, and
that too for the benefit of corporations. If we are
to have the civil and diplomatic bill made to carry
everything, we had better go on and consider the
Cuba question; we had better put upon it the prop-
osition for a railroad to the Pacific, the French
spoliation bill, and everything else, and let it swal-
low up all subjects of legislation, including the
Monroe doctrine.
I do not know why we should take the duty off
railroad iron, and not off iron used by the farmer.
I do not know why we should, by partial and by
class legislation here, promote a particular interest.
Ought not our laws to be general? But if we are ;
to go into the consideration of the modification
and review of the tariff act of 1846, I am ready
for it; but let us take it up in the right way. Let
us all have a chance. Let us consider it deliber-
ately.
I therefore think this amendment is out of time
and out of place; but if either of the amendments
is, to be adopted, it seems to me that the amend-
ment of the honorable Senator from Virginia [Mr.
Mason] is the most preferable, and we ought to
accompany it with another proposition, and that
is, that the expenses of the Government are to be
reduced also. That looks to free trade and direct I
taxation, and those who vote for it, ought not to I
vote for large expenditures of the public money. !
Mr. BROOKE. The Senator from Pennsylva- 1
nia spoke just now about legislation for the benefit
of corporations. I wish to ask him if the inter-
ests of the iron corporations of Pennsylvania have
nothing to do with his opposition to this amend-
ment?
Mr. BRODHEAD. I know nothing about
iron corporations in Pennsylvania. Private en-
terprise carries on business there. I do not be-
lieve that in that State there are three companies
incorporated for the purpose of manufacturing
iron. There may be more than that, but I think
not. The business there is generally carried on
by private individuals and by private funds.
' d° "ot know, sir, whether it is the intention
of the Senate to go into a general debate upon the I
subject of the tariff of 184G, or upon this question.
If it is I have many facts and some documents to
submit. If the honorable chairman of the Com- i
mittee on Finance designs to have all these ques-
tions discussed upon the civil and diplomatic bill
I for one shall be willing, but he must not ask me
to stand by him on other questions of a similar im-
portance. If, according to the proposition of one
Senator from Virginia, we are to take off the |
duties on railroad iron entirely, why not take
them off sugar, and woolen goods, and cotton
goods ? These articles enter into general con-!
sumption, much more so than iron. When we
get the duties off these articles, which are quite as
necessary as railroad iron, where are you to get the
revenues necessary to carry on the Government?
Direct taxation and free trade may answer, but
when you want large expenditures of public
money, the tax-payers will be very apt to call you
to an account; and a very considerable portion of
them live in the State which I have the honor to
< represent. They do the work of the country,
! they raise the bread for the country, they pay
taxes for the country; and, sir, they do the pray-
ing for the country, and help to save it. If we are
to have the duties taken off railroad iron entirely,
i 1 want it taken off' all species of iron, off cotton
] goods, and woolen goods, and off sugar. We
1 can then come to direct taxation and free trade.
That will have one good result. The lobby-gang
will be dispersed and driven out of Washington.
So far as that is concerned, it will be one good
I result. But let us have some understanding on
; the subject. This is all I have to say at present;
but if we are to go into a discussion of the sub-
ject, I am quite willing and ready for it.
Mr. HUNTER. In regard to this matter, I
■ have to say to the Senator from Pennsylvania,
that I agree with him as to the propriety of keep-
ing the appropriation bills clear of all debatable
matter, except those things which must go upon
those bills; but, sir, the Senate has not adhered
to that principle. The Senator himself, if I recol-
lect aright, offered upon the Army appropriation
bill an amendment providing for # survey for a
railroad to the Pacific. We have put upon that
bill appropriations for the discoverer of ether, and
many other things.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I beg to correct the gen-
tleman. 1 did not offer the proposition to which
he alludes as an amendment to the Army appro-
priation bill. I offered it as an amendment to the
! bill providing for the construction of a railroad to
1 the Pacific, and my honorable friend from Vir-
ginia voted for it.
1 Mr. CHASE. I offered the proposition as an
I amendment to the Army appropriation bill. j
Mr. HUNTER. I beg the Senator's pardon. 1
I thought he had offered it as an amendment to
the Army bill. I voted for it as an amendment to
the Pacific railroad bill, and not to the Army bill.
But I wish to explain, that in regard to this mat-
ter, I received yesterday instructions from my own
Legislature, instructing me to vote for the repeal
of the duty on railroad iron. Now, we propose
nothing of that sort. We only propose that for
which there is a precedent in the cese of the Wil- ■
! mington and Raleigh railroad, I think, in North 1
i Carolina, in which a credit was given to the com-
! pany for duties on railroad iron; and it was sup-
1 posed that the same principle would apply toother
railroads in the country, on account of the rise in
the price of iron.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I desire to inquire of the
Senator from Virginia whether the instructions to
which he refers go to this extent; Is the Senator
instructed to vote for this amendment to the civil
and diplomatic appropriation bill? In other words,
does his Legislature instruct him to violate the
rule upon which the Senate has heretofore acted
in reference to appropriation bills ? }
Mr. HUNTER. My instructions go to this
extent: I am bound to obtain the repeal of that
duty if I can by any legislative means. What I i|
have to say in regard to the matter is this: I do j
not propose to wreck the appropriation bills upon :
it. I do not think it necessary to have much ;
debate upon the question. I do not propose to |
speak upon it. If the sense of the Senate should
be against it, they will vote it down; but I cannot i
do otherwise than vote for it, when once offered, i
under the instructions which I have received. I
confess that if it had not been for those instruc- ,
tions I should not have proposed it as an amend-
ment to the civil and diplomatic appropriation bill,
though I should have voted for it as a separate
proposition. I believe that if there were time to
discuss it, much reason could be shown for a dis-
crimination in this regard, for a tariff for revenue
should be laid like any other tax in ^reference to
principles of revenue. And it has always been ]|
supposed to be proper, in laying such taxes, that i
they should bear as lightly as possible upon pro-
duction, and rest as far as practicable on the con-
sumption of the country. 1 believe, so far as the
iron interests themselves are concerned, taking a
large view of the question, that they would not be
injured by such a measure. However, as I have
said before, my purpose is not to discuss this
question. We have but this day to devo'eto the
bill; and after having made an effort to carry out
my instructions, I shall not feel myself bound to
wreck the bill upon it.
Mr. MILLER. Mr. President, I sincerely re-
gret that a majority of the Committee on Finance
thought proper, at so late a day of the session,
and upon this bill, to introduce this amendment
before the Senate. It is not my fault that if is
here. But as the amendment embraces a question
which I consider of deep interest both to the rev-
enue and the labor of the country, I feel compelled
not to permit it to pass without a few observa-
tions.
The amendment reported from the Committee
on Finance proposes to give a credit for five years
for duties on all the railroad iron which may, du-
ring that time, be imported into this country. I do
not think that the Senate are fully aware of the
extent of this proposition—of the amount upon
which credit will be given, and of the large sum
which it will finally take from the Treasury of the
United States. 1 desire, therefore, on this occa-
sion, to present a few statistics to the Senate and
to the country, showing the amount of aid, by
means of credit or loan, which it is proposed that
this Government shall give to railroad companies.
To get at the amount, it is necessary to ascertain,
if possible, the quantity of railroad iron which is
likely to be imported if this measure goes into
operation; and to do that we must look back a
year or two for the purpose of ascertaining the
amount of railroad iron which has been imported,
subject to the duty. In the accounts kept at the
Treasury Department, I find that all rolled iron is
put under one head; so that it is difficult to ascer-
tain the exact amount of railroad iron imported
during the years 1852 and 1853. I find, however,
that upon a call made in 1851, upon the Treas-
ury Department, for the amount of railroad iron
imported during that year, subject to duty, it was
ascertained that there were one hundred and ninety
thousand one hundred nnd ninety-nine tons im-
ported, at the average price of §25 22 per ton;
and which, at thirty per cent, duty, yielded a rev-
enue of $1,438,820. That was in 1851. Since
then, during the years 1852 and 1853, the import-
ation of railroad iron has largely increased; we
have no tables showing the exact amount of the
increase, yet we may approximate to it by look-
ing at the general importations of iron. The value
of iron imported into this country in 1852 was
§18,843,000, while, in the previous year (1851) the
value of the imports of iron was but $10,782,000;
showing an increase in that year of $8,000,000 on
all kinds of iron imported into the country.
Taking as data the 190,000 tons of railroad iron
ascertained to have been imported in 1851, when we
consider the large increase of importations in 1852,
and the still increasing demand, owing to the great
number of railroads now about to go into operation,
it may be fairly estimated, and such is the opinion
of the Assistant Secretary of the Treasury, that
there will be, during the year 1853, from 200,000
to 250,000 tons of railroad iron imported into this
country. This is a low estimate under the exist-
ing laws; but if this amendment prevails, the im-
portation for the next five years will be greatly
extended beyond that amount. If you pass this
amendment and give credit to all the railroad com-
panies in the United States who want railroad
iron, they will give their orders immediately for
the iron, in order that they may get it in, and lay
it down within five years. That will increase the
demand and stimulate the importation. I may,
therefore, take it as a safe estimate, that 250,000
tons per year will be imported under the opera-
tion of this act. Now, taking as the average
value, which is a very low one, in 1853, <50 per
ton, though in England it has advanced beyond
that amount, the duty of thirty per cent, upon it
will be $15 a ton. That upon the $250,000 tons
of iron imported each year during the five years,
will make $15,000,000 of duties. My impression
is that it will exceed this, because iron, I under-
stand, is now up to $60 per ton in England.
Mr. FISH. It is over *10.
Mr. MILLER. I am informed it is ^10, say
$50 per ton. Thirty per cent, upon that will give
$15 per ton duty, and will swell the amount of
credit which we propose to give to railroad com-
