1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
905
panics, during the fire years, to about fifteen mil-
lions of dollars.
Sir, when was it ever proposed to extend the
credit of the Government to any other branch of
industry in the country to that amount ? But that
is not all. This is not to be the end of this sys-
tem. We have had experience upon the sub-
ject already. Congress, from 1832to 1839, passed
various laws, by which they gave credit to rail-
road companies—credits which amounted to about
three millions of dollars; and what was the result?
I have a report here made by Mr. Woodbury, in
1839, showing that we had remitted all those duties,
and given up the bonds, and, in the language of
Secretary Woodbury, the United States had given
a donation to railroad companies of upwards of
three millions of dollars. The plea at that time
was that the railroad enterprise was in its infancy,
that it needed encouragement, and that men ran
great risks in investing their capital in such enter-
prise. But is that so now ? Why, sir, the most
profitable—the most active interest in the United
States is the railroad interest; and compared with
the iron interest, it has greatly the advantage in
the percentage of profit which railroad stock yields
to the persons who invest their money in it. So
that, if this proposition prevails, you will not only
give a credit of ten or fifteen millions of dollars to
railroad companies, but at the end of the time they
will apply to Congress, and ask you to give up
their bonds. This is to be the effect upon the
Treasury.
Now, I beg to call the attention, especially of
the Democratic portion of the Senate, to the effect—
to the injurious, unjust effect, which tbis measure
is to have on the operation of the tariff of 1846.
Sir, the great and leading feature of that tariff, that
which commended it to a large portion of the peo-
ple of the United States, was what was denomi-
nated its equality; that is, it imposed duties with-
out discrimination in favor of any one interest
over another. I think the bill was wrong in that
particular. I think it ought to have discriminated
in favor of domestic labor, and especially in favor
of those great national interests, such as the manu-
facture of iron, glass, and other products which
have a foreign competition, and also in favor of
raw materials. But, sir, the leading feature of
that bill was its want of discrimination in favor of
these interests. The northern portions of the
country, and especially the middle States, asked
you to make some difference between iron, which
we have the means of manufacturing, and certain
articles which could not be manufactured in this
country. You denied them, and declared that
there should be no discrimination in favor of any
one interest however national. What does this
amendment now propose ? It is to discriminate
in favor of railroad companies—-to give them a
credit upon an article which they wish t« use in
their business; and to what amount? To about
one third of its value of the article imported. One
third, therefore, of the principal portion of their
capital they are to have a credit for from the Gov-
ernment of the United States. No protectionists
in this country ever asked for a protection like this
for any other interest; no manufacturer of iron,
contending against the capital of England year
after year, with an almost hopeless struggle, ever
came here and asked the Government thus to dis-
tinguish him, and protect him against other inter-
ests. Yet these railroad companies ask the Gov-
ernment to give them a credit upon foreign iron
which they buy abroad, to the extent of about one
third of its value.
The home manufacturer of iron cannot give this
credit. He cannot lay out his money for five
years upon one third of the article which he sells
to the railroad companies. Yet this Government
says to the railroad corporations, "If you buy
your iron in England, one third of the value of
that iron, when it gets here,you shall have a credit
for from the Treasury of the United States, pro-
vided you pay the United States six percent."
Is this fitir? I say it is both unfair ana unjust.
Sir, the manufacturers of iron in this country
have long since given up in despair all hope of
particular protection. They know the time has
fone by for that, under ruling powers of the day.
ubmitting to their fate, they are preparing, under
the prosperous position of this country, to com-
pete manfully and individually with the manufac-
turers of England. Will this Government, just
at the very moment when circumstances beyond
your control—beyond the control of your hard
policy—have presented a fair field for that com-
petition, interfere and say to the railroad com-
panies, " Buy youriron in England, and you shall
nave a credit for one third of the amount of it for
five years, with a chance of having it all thrown
off at the end of that time?" I say this is un-
fair; and I am perfectly astonished that such a
proposition should come from the honorable chair-
man of the Committee on Finance, acting under
instructions from the Legislature of Virginia.
What, sir! Virginia instruct Congress to tajce off
all duties upon railroad iron and admit it free of
! duty! Virginia, the mother of free trade, instruct-
: ing her Senators to discriminate in favor of one
! particular branch of business in this country, and
that, too, a most odious kind of discrimination in
; favor of associated capitalists! Sir, I am no en-
emy of corporations. I am no opponent to rail-
roads. 1 wish to see them flourish; but I do not
intend, if I can help it, to give them advantages
in this day of free trade by inserting in this bill of
ours to-day a protection such as no other branch
j of industry ever had.
1 Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, I would say
' to the Senator from New Jersey at this point,
1 that I am not disposed to peril the bill of which I
| have the management, by pressing a proposition
| which is to lead to such a debate as I see this will.
I am therefore authorized by every member of the
committee except himself, and as he was speak-
ing, I could noL consult him—to withdraw the
amendment. ~
Mr. MILLER. You certainly have my con-
sent, sir, to withdraw the amendment. I have
much more to say upon this subject, but if the
Senator will withraw this odious proposition,
I will cheerfully take my seat.
Mr. MASON. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations to offer several amend-
ments.
Mr. HALE. I rise to a question of order. I
wish to know if the amendment which has just
been discussed has been withdrawn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Brad-
bury in the chair.) It has been withdrawn.
Mr. HALE. Does it not require unanimous
consent to withdraw the amendment?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No, sir.
Mr. HALE. It was an amendment offered by
a committee, then there was an amendment of-
fered to that amendment, which was entertained,
and upon which debate has been had. I wish to
know whether that can properly be withdrawn.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Can the report of a commit-
tee be withdrawn?
Mr. HUNTER. I presume that the committee
could withdraw its own amendment. An indi-
vidual member could not withdraw it unless before
the yeas and nays Were ordered, and in this case
the yeas and nays have not been ordered, and I
have got the unanimous direction of the commit-
tee to ask leave to withdraw it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 expect that the reverse will
be more likely to be true, and that after a committee
make a report the committee cannot withdraw the
report except by unanimous consent.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
of the opinion that the amendment can be with-
drawn.
Mr. HALE. I appeal from that decision. I un-
derstand that the Chair decides that a report after
it is made by a committee, and after an amend-
ment is offered to it, may be withdrawn by that
committee. I wish the question to be settled. It
seems to me that the report of a committee after it
has been entertained by the Senate, and after an
amendment has been entertained, cannot be with-
drawn. I appeal from the decision of the Chair.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Question
is, " Shall the opinion of the Chair stand as the
judgment of the Senate?"
Mr. BUTLER. 1 hope the honorable Senator
from New Hampshire will withdraw the appeal.
I must say in good faith, that I think the honor-
able Senator from Pennsylvania was right in ob-
jecting to this amendment. I said the other day,
that I did not think a majority ought to use the
appropriation bills for carrying out any favorite
project. I think it is an unfair mode of legislation,
and I think the Senator from Pennsylvania is per-
fectly right in regard, to it. The probability is,
that I should favor the amendment; but this is not
a mode of legislation which is safe to a minority.
1 hope the Senator from New Hampshire will
withdraw his appeal.
Mr. HALE. I do not want this precedent set.
The reason for my appeal is this: The effect of
sustaining the decision will be to throw all power
into the hands of the Presiding Officer, because if
he can give a committee power to withdraw their
amendment at any time after their report has been
made and entertained, the same privilege belongs
to a member; and in that the Presiding Officer has
the whole control of the business of the Senate at
any time.
Mr. HUNTER. I would suggest to theSena-
tor from New Hampshire, that he can renew the
amendment if he chooses. Any one can offer it.
It contains no appropriation.
Mr. HAMLIN. I believe ft has always been
the well-settled rule that any member can with-
draw an amendment of his own, if the Senate has
taken no action on it by ordering the yeas and
nays or by a vote. Now, a committee can stand
just as well as an individual. Besides the com-
mittee has unanimously directed this amendment
I to be withdrawn.
Mr. HALE. I withdraw the appeal.'
Mr. MASON. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations to offer a number of
amendments. The first is to insert, after the pro-
vision for salaries of our ministers abroad, the fol-
lowing:
Provided, That there shall be allowed and paid to the
ministers to Great Britain, France, Russia, and Spain, the
sum of $6,000 each, for house and office rent, salary to a pri-
vate secretary and other expenses incident to their respect-
tive missions; and to the minister resident in Turkey $4,000
for like expenses. The foregoing to be in addition to outfit
and salary.
Mr. PHELPS. I desire to inquire of the chair-
man of the Committee on Foreign Relations
whether this provision is to be regarded as pros-
pective or retrospective?
Mr. MASON. Prospective.
Mr. PHELPS. It should be so expressed; and
I would therefore suggest to the Senator to insert
the word " hereafter" after the word " that."
Mr. MASON. I have no objection to that
amendment, but I think it is prospective on its
face. The bill speaks from its passage as a mat-
ter of course, but I accept the amendment. This
proposition speaks for itself. It is to increase the
emoluments of these four ministers by the sum of
$6,000 each, which they are, by the terms of the
amendment, required to expend in the manner in-
dicated; and it allows $4,000 to the minister resi-
dent in Turkey, for the same purpose. I will not
discuss it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MASON. The next amendment of the
committee is to insert, after the words "charges
d'affaires," in the provision for the salaries and
outfits of the various charges d'affaires, the words
" or ministers resident." The effect of the amend-
ment will be to give to the President the discretion
of sending a minister resident or a charge to those
countries where we are now represented by a
charge, leaving the salary untouched. It has been
recommended by the Department of State, and
meets the approbation of the committee.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MASON. The next amendment of the
Committee on Foreign Relations is to insert:
"To reimburse David Tod, late minister of the United
States at Brazil, a sum of money advanced by him to Wil-
liam E. Anderson, who was sent by the minister from Rio
de Janeiro to the United States in the spring of 1851, as a
witness against two persons engaged in the slave trade,
$75."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MASON. The next amendment of the
committee is to insert:
" For the payment of Buckingham Smith, late secretary
of legation to Mexico, the difference between his salary aa
secretary of legation and that of charge d'affaires from die
26th July, 1851, to the 8th October following, during which
period he discharged the duties of charg§ d'affaires in Mex-
ico in the absence of the minister of the United States,
who had returned home on leare, $1,756 95 ; the same, if
received, to be in full for all charges daring the period afore-
said."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MASON. The next amendment of the
Committee on Foreign Relations is to insert the
following additional section:
" Sec   Jind be it further enacted, That an officer
■ball be appointed in the Department of State, to be called
the Assistant Secretary of State, whose salary shall be
