906
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 28,
S3,000 per annum, payable in the same manner as that of
the Secretary of State, who shall perform all such duties in
the office of the Secretary of State belonging to that De-
partment as shall be prescribed by the Secretary of State,
or as may be required hy law."
That is a proposition to appoint an Assistant
Secretary of State, and it is done upon the recom-
mendation of that Department, which met the ap-
probation of the Committee on Foreign Relations.
It was formerly recommended by Mr. Buchanan
in 1846, and it was recommended by the imme-
diate predecessor of the present Secretary of State.
If the Senate desire it, i will submit a letter from
the present Secretary giving his reasons 
Several Senators. It is not necessary.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MASON. 1 now offer of my own accord
an amendment, which I offered before as an
amendment to that reported from the Committee
on Finance, in relation to railroad iron. It is to
insert the following additional section:
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That all existing
duties on iron imported for rails to be laid upon railroads in
the United States, or the Territories thereof, shall be, and
the same are, hereby repealed.
Mr. HALE. I simply ask the yeas and nays
on that, in order to nail it at once.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MASON. I offer this amendment under
instructions receive^, from the Legislature of Vir-
ginia, by which their Senators are instructed to
get the repeal of duties on railroad iron at as early
a period as practicable; and if not practicable to do
that, to ask that the duties shall be suspended for
a limited time. I offer the amendment, therefore,
in pursuance of those instructions from the State
of Virginia. That State, along with most of the
other States of the Union, has embarked very
largely in the construction of railroads through
her territory. It becomes, therefore, a matter of
State interest as independent of the private inter-
est also connected with it. It has become a very
important interest; for the construction of those
artificial ways is now, I believe, more in progress
than at any former time. I do not desire to de-
bate the matter, but I hope the amendment will
be adopted.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I desire to ask my friend
from Virginia to modify his amendment, or rather
I would suggest to him the propriety of so doing.
We have a surplus revenue now. The railroad
interest is a very great and a very important one,
particularly to the great agricultural interest of the
country, in order to facilitate and expedite as much
as possible the interchange of commodities be-
tween the producer and consumer. Many of the
old States have had their roads made, under pro-
visions allowing railroad iron to come in free of
duty. We in the interior have not had that ad-
vantage. I would therefore suggest, that instead
of repealing the duty in toto, we simply suspend
it for a limited time, say two or three years. A
commercial revulsion may come, which would
render it necessary for us to have these duties for
the purpose of revenue. I have prepared an amend-
ment for that purpose, and I offer it as an amend-
ment to the amendment; but if it is not adopted,
I shall go with the Senator from Virginia for the
total repeal of the duty. I move to amend the
amendment, by striking out all after its enacting
clause, and inserting the following:
That from and after this date, until the end of two years,
no duties or revenue shall be collected on railroad iron im-
ported from foreign countries : Provided, however, That at
the time of such importation, the importer shall execute to
the United States a bond with sureties, hi such penally as
the Secreiary of the Treasury shall direct, to he approved
of by the -aid Secretary, conditioned that said iron is bona
fide imported for the purpose of being used as and for rails
for railroads, and for no other purpose; and to be laid down
and actually used by the person or persons, or company, so
importing the same, within two years from the time of im-
portation; and upon due proof furnished to said Secretary,
that such iron has been so laid down and used, the said
bonds shall be given up and cancelled.
Mr. HALE. I wish the Senator would say
three years instead of two years.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I have no objection to that,
and I modify my amendment so as to put it in that
form.
Mr. CLARKE. I understand that the amend-
ment of the Senator from Illinois is not amend-
able; but I give notice that at the proper time I
have an amendment to propose, that the same ex-
tension of the repeal of duttes shall be given to
iron in bars, blooms, bolts, hoops, pigs, rods,
slabs, and all other forms. I wish to put all on
the same footing.
Mr. COOPER. I have never since I have been
a member of the Senate occupied its time unless
when some duty to my constituents or myself for-
bade me to remain silent. And, sir, permit me to
say that if I did not resist this amendment, I
should regard myself as recreant to the duties
which I owe to the industrial interests of my own
State. For years past, those engaged in the manu-
facture of iron in Pennsylvania, as well as other
States, have been struggling with difficulties which
to many of them were overwhelming. The price
of iron abroad for the last three or four years has
been so low that it was altogether impracticable
for the manufacturer of iron in this country to
compete successfully with foreign manufacturers;
and the consequence has been that those who did
not possess large capital and extensive means have
been compelled to cease operations. Within the
period to which I have referred one half of the
whole number of furnaces in Pennsylvania have
ceased operations; and I have no doubt, although
1 have no specific data to show it, that the product
has decreased in as great a proportion. But a
change has lately taken placeabroad which prom-
ises to relieve them, provided the legislation of
Congress on this subject shall be permitted to re-
main undisturbed. During the period our iron
manufacturers were struggling with difficulties,
and asking Congress for relief by the imposition
of higher duties, their prayer was disregarded;
but now, when in the course of things they are in
a condition to retrieve in a measure their losses,
it is proposed to deprive them b^legislation of the
opportunity which chance has afforded them.
For four or five years past iron has been sent
into this country at a rate lower than the foreign
manufacturers could produce it; and the reason of
this was that during the years 1845, '46, and '47,
Europe was in a fever upon the subject of internal
improvements. All portions of the continent were
engaged in the construction of railroads. Large
contracts were made with the manufacturers of
iron in England to supply rails and other kinds of
iron for the construction of these roads. In 1848
the revolutions came, and these contracts, which
had been partly fulfilled, were rescinded or broken
through the inability of those who had made them
to pay for the iron which they had purchased, and
which would have been necessary if they had gone
on with the construction of their roads. The man-
ufacturers of England having made large prepara-
tions for meeting the demand upon the continent,
could not at once curtail their operations, but were
obliged to go on and work up the stock of mate-
rial on hand; and the consequence of this was,
that a very large quantity of railroad iron had
been manufactured and remained on hand in Eng-
land at the beginning of the year 1849; and as there
was no other mark'ct in which to sell it than the
market of the United States, it was sent here and
sold at the reduced prices which have proved so
disastrous to the manufacturers of this country. I
have stated already that in my own State one half
of those engaged in 1848 in the manufacture of
iron, have been forced to abandon it. But now,
when in the existing state of things, prices having
risen abroad, they are preparing to resume opera-
tions, and retrieve, if possible, their ruined for-
tunes, what, sir, do we see? Why this: that
Congress, who would not listen to their prayers
when they were crushed under low prices and for-
eign competition, is now ready, the moment the
state of things is reversed and prices abroad are
high, to prostrate them anew for the benefit of a
special interest by repealing the existing duties on
railroad iron, or suspending them for a period of
years! Is this judicious legislation ? Is it just,or
even tolerable?
Sir, I can understand the principle upon which
the advocates of free trade act; but I cannot un-
derstand the principle of the amendment which is
pressed upon the Senate. Nothing is proposed
by it for the common benefit; nothing for tne ad-
vantage of the farmer, the mechanic, or the labor-
ing classes of the community. It is not free trade
upon any general principle; but legislation designed
to benefit a particular interest—for companies who
have been (many of them at least) the recipients
of other favors at the hands of the Government,
and who are asking of Congress new bounties of
more objectionable character. I should like to
know how my Democratic friends in this Cham-
ber are to reconcile a vote in favor of this proposi-
tion with their principles on the subject of corpo-
rations? Corporations, of all kinds, have more
privileges and immunities than the mass of citi-
zens. 1 am not, Mr. President, one of those who
have a quarrel with corporations, and who de-
nounce all of them as monsters, or as things with-
out souls; but, sir, I am opposed to granting them
privileges which are not necessary for the purpose
of carrying into operation the particular objects
for which they were created. I have no objection
to individuals being associated for the purposes of
internal improvement, or even of banking; but
when you come to single them out as special ob-
jects of bounty, and confer upon them pecuniary
advantages, at the expense of the community gen-
erally, I feel that it is transcending the limits both
of justice and prudence.
Why is it that these railroad companies are to
be made special objects of Government bounty?
Almost all of them, from one end of the country
to the other, are in a prosperous condition. If
you will turn to several works upon the subject,
one of which I hold in my hand, you will find, that
with few exceptions, the railroads of the coun-
try are in a prosperous condition, yielding a very
large per cent, upon the capital stock originally
invested. In my own State, although the original
outlay was regarded as prodigal, nearly all the
enterprises of this kind have been fortunate,
and are now yielding large returns to the stock-
holders. But these classes of the community, the
manufacturing and laboring classes, are not only
not permitted to share in the bounties which are
poured out so profusely upon corporations, but on
the contrary are made to bear their expense.
I have already stated, that through the mis-
chievous legislation of Congress, and the state of
things abroad, a very large portion of the capital
invested in the manufacture of iron a few years
ago, has become entirely barren and unproduc-
tive; and that it was only persons who were pos-
sessed of large means that were enabled to stem the
tide of disaster which swept down all the rest.
This will not be denied. Well, sir, what is it
you propose to do? To legislate to aid that class
of manufacturers who possess small means, and
upon whom the foreign competition and low
prices operated so ruinously? No, sir. The effect
of the amendment of the Senator from Virginia,
[Mr. Mason,] if adopted, will be to perpetuate
this state of things—to help the strong, and crush
the weak.
But, sir, this amendment will not accomplish
the object of the mover. Far from it. Instead of
reducing the price of iron and securing it to these
corporations cheaply, it will, in my judgment, in-
crease the price. This I venture to prophesy.
But I may be asked why it is that 1 resist it ? I
resist it because, while it will build up a few great
and powerful establishments, and enable them to
make fortunes, it will prevent men of moderate
means from embarking in an uncertain and pre-
carious enterprise—in an enterprise which will be
rendered precarious and uncertain by the proposed
legislation.
If the existing rate of duties be continued, and
prices abroad should remain anything near what
they are at present, hundreds of furnaces now out
of blast will recommence operations. The fires
upon their hearths will be rekindled; forges and
rolling-mills will be established, and a domestic
competition be created, which will avail more to
reduce the price of iron than any foreign compe-
tition which the larger, richer, and more powerful
establishments will have to encounter. But if you
repeal the existing duties, these furnaces will re-
main idle, for fear that prices may fall in Europe,
and, in the absence of all protection, subject them
to new disasters. My word for it, sir, this will
be the case; and I am equally certain that domestic
competition, which will spring up if you let things
remain as they are, will do more to reduce the
price of iron than any competition which, for the
next three years, you may expect from abroad.
Why is this likely to be so ? Because revolu-
tions having ceased in Europe, prosperity having
been in a great measure restored, those works
which were abandoned in 1848 having been re-
commenced, the demands upon England for iron
will be greater than she will be able to supply,
with her means reduced in consequence of the
scarcity of labor. You do not open a foreign
paper in which you do not read of some lines of
improvement which have been either commenced
or which are in contemplation. This is the case
