910
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 28,
ment shall act so as to restrain rather than encour-
age and stimulate this excessive spirit of specula-
tion in railroad investments, just such a collapse
will happen here. Railroads do not need protec-
tion. Iron manufacture does need it. There is
scarcely a town in the State of Ohio containing
five hundred souls but what is pledged, mortgaged
for ten, twenty, thirty, or forty thousand dollars,
for money to make railroads. Through the town
in which I live, and the towns adjacent, the people,
carried away by a railroad enthusiasm, have ap-
plied to the Legislature for permission to mort-
gage their whole property, and for the making of
railroads; and yet there is not one railroad which
they are thus making in which foreign capital-
ists will invest a dollar except he has collateral
personal or public security.
But, you will tell me that Congress has not en-
couraged railroads. Congress has already encour-
aged railroads by donations of duties on foreign
railroad iron exceeding the sum of $3,000,000.
Congress has already, with almost our unanimous
vote in this Chamber, given to every western State
land enough from the public domain—as much as
they said was necessary—to construct a web of
railroads now in progress and advancing to its com-
pletion, covering over the whole of the Territories
of the United States, from the shores of the At-
lantic to the Mississippi river, and crossing even
from that point, and advancing precisely upon the
same system and same policy towards the base of
th  Rocky Mountains. We have done enough,
unless we have some other resources, some other
revenue which we can apply to this great and be-
neficent enterprise of the age ; and we have no
other, if the only other one is the sacrifice of the
mining interest of the iron in the old Atlantic
States.
Sir, I have voted land by the square league across
the continent and twenty millions of dollars out of
the public Treasury for railroads. I will not vote
one dollar out of the iron mines of my country at
the cost of its owner and of the miner who is en-
gaged in drawing its wealth to the surface.
Mr. HALE. I desire to say a few words on
this subject, and I can say them as well now as at
any time. Unless, therefore, the Senate desires
to adjourn, I will go on.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. HALE. I am not desirous to adjourn. I
can go on as well now as to-morrow, but I desire
to submit to the wish of the Senate.
Mr. BORLAND called for the yeas and nays;
but they were not ordered.
The question being taken, themotion to adjourn
was not agreed to; there being,on a division—ayes
18, noes 24.
Mr. HALE. I am glad that the Senate refused
to adjourn. I did not want it to adjourn on my
account. When I speak, I desire to address the
understanding of the Senate, and not a crowd, and
I should prefer the Senate to hear it. I want to
say a word or two in regard to this subject; and
in the first place allow me to say, that the State
which I have the honor in part to represent for a
very little time, has 110 particular interest in this
question. We make no railroad iron. Themost
we do is to pay taxes. The honorable Senator
from New York made a complaint, to which I
wish to call attention. He complained that no no-
tice was given to the country that this was about
to be moved; and then, when the honorable Senator
from Tennessee reminded him that notice had been
given, he seemed to intimate that the notice did
not amount to anything. In the first place he com-
plained that the notice was not given, and then
when it was given it did not amount to anything.
But let that go.
Mr. President, this is the most favorable time
the country has ever had or ever can have, from
now to the end of time, to consider this proposi-
tion, and if they ever mean to listen to it, now is
the time. Why? Because, I think by the admis-
sion of the Senator from Pennsylvania, there are
not more than two furnaces in Pennsylvania in
operation making railroad iron.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Seven or eight.
Mr. HALE. I got my information from the
other Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Cooper.]
But take the largest number. I will take the data
given by the honorable Senator from New Jersey,
[Mr. Miller.] He says there will be used next
year about two hundred and fifty thousand tons
of railroad iron. I take it that the amount manu-
factured in this country will not exceed one tenth i
of that. Then nine tenths of the railroad iron to I
be used next year, as things now are, will be im-
ported; and the duties upon two hundred and fifty
thousand tons to be imported, according to the es-
timate of the Senator from New Jersey, at fifteen
dollars a ton, will amount to nearly four millions
of dollars.
Mr. CHASE. Twelve millions.
Mr. HALE. No, sir; I am getting it for one
year. If I am right, the duties on two hundred
and fifty thousand tons, at fifteen dollars a ton,
which is about the ad valorem duty, will make in
one year §3,700,000.
Mr. WALKER. Say four millions.
Mr. HALE. I think I am right, just exactly
as I am—$3,700,000; and if I am not right, I
wish the Senator from Kentucky would go to
work and figure it out, and correct me when he
comes to the result. [Laughter.] One tenth of
that will be very little over §300,000, which amount
will go to the American manufacturers, and the
rest of the country must be taxed with the other
nine-tenths of the $3,700,000. It is very easy to
figure that out. It does not require much cipher-
ing. We can do it by a simple rule. We do not
have to extract any root to get at the result.
Mr. COOPER. Into whose pockets will the
balance of the §3,700,000 a year go ?
Mr. HALE. I will come to thatin a moment.
According to the argument put forth by those who
sustain the duty, then, the rest of the country has
to be taxed nine tenths of the §3,700,000, in order
that the manufacturers of this article may put the
other tenth in their pocket. That is the way the
thing stands.
In delivering the very short address which I
mean to make to the Senate, I had in my mind
the question which the Senator from Pennsylvania
proposes. He asks into whose pockets will the
balance—the other nine tenths—go, if this duty is
taken off? It will go to the benefit of the consu-
mers of railroad iron—those interested in this sum
directly or indirectly. Who are they ? It is very
fashionable to say they are corporations. Well,
sir, the State that I have the honor in part to rep-
resent here is made up of corporations. There is
not a man, woman, or child, in the State of New
Hampshire that is not part of a corporation. All
our townships are municipal corporations, and
when you attack corporations, you attack every
man, woman, and child in the State. We are a
community of corporations, and when you fling at
corporations, you hit us all over. These railroad
corporations are not quite so general as that.
They do not embrace every man, woman, and
child in the States, but are they not nearly as gen-
eral? The Senator from New York says, that
every town of five hundred souls in Ohio is so
deeply interested in railroads that it is mortgaged
for them.
Mr. CHASE. That is not so.
Mr. HALE. I did not suppose it was literally
true. It was a sort of Pickwickian enlargement
of an idea. [Laughter.] But there is a truth
that lies behind the rhetoric, and that is, that there
is a very general interest in this subject all over
the country. The railroad interest has got to be,
to a great extent, a general interest, and it is man-
aged by corporations, because it is impossible for
those that would avail themselves of its privileges
to do it without the advantages of a corporation
to a greater or less degree. It is another answer
to the argument which has been raised from the
general interest to say that that general interest is of
such a character that it cannot be successfully
managed without corporate privileges conferred
upon those who manage it; and therefore, when
it is said that this is for the benefit of corpora-
tions, the corporations for whose benefit it is to be
made copiprise a very large majority of the people
of the United States.
Then, sir, this is a plain, simple proposition:
Are you willing to-day to tax the people of the
whole country nine tenths of the three or four mil-
lions of dollars, and make us pay it, that a very
small and insignificant fraction of the people—
speaking of numbers—may put a sum equal to
one tenth of that into their own pockets? There
is the argument in a nut-shell—plain and palpable.
The honorable Senator from New York, who
has a very enlarged philanthropic heart, made one
suggestion which it seemed to me was not exactly
in accordance with the general tenor of hia life,
and he seemed to feel it, for he uttered an apology
so close in connection with it that I do not know
which he thought most of, the idea or the apology.
[Laughter.] It was that this is to build up the
West. I am no demagogue for the West. I be-
lieve I could adopt the Baltimore platform in that
—making no distinction between the North, South,
East, and West, but looking upon myself as a
citizen of the common country, and rejoicing in
whatever advances the prosperity of any portion
of it. And, sir, it is no argument to my mind
against a measure that it is going to advance the
interests of one section of the country beyond
what it does another, unless it advances those in-
terests at the expense of the interests of another.
Mr. SEWARD. Does the honorable Senator
mean to imply that I maintain such a proposition?
Mr. HALE. I think I have done the Senator
justice. I gave the idea and the apology. I think
one neutralizes the other, and that there is not
much to be gathered from them. The honorable
Senator feels that now. [Laughter.] Allow me
to say another thing. The country is constantly
changing, and what wasonce the West is " down
East" now. I can remember when a man who
talked about going to " the Ohio," as our fathers
called that State, was thought to be going to the
" far West." I remember that President Monroe
once recommended a plan for carrying the Indians
west of Lake Michigan, and he thought that if
they got them so far west nothing but sunset
would ever find them. [Laughter.] That propo-
sition was in one of the messages of President
Monroe. You draw a central line through the
Union, dividingit into equal sections eastand west,
and it will be found that New Hampshire, which
had the honor of raising the honorable Senator
from Michigan, [Mr. Cass,] has not lost him by
his going west, for he will be found in an eastern
State still.
Now what part of the country is to be interest-
ed in the great Pacific railroad ? I mean when it
can be done constitutionally—for the honorable
Senator from South Carolina [Mr. Butler] does
not go for it unless it can be done constitutionally.
When it can be done constitutionally, what State
will not be interested in it? What State is not
sending out her sons to people that " far West?"
What heart is there here that does not rejoice to
know that the means of communication between
us and that far-distant part of our land to which
our kinsfolks and friends have gone, shall bring
it nearer to us, and that the interchange of thought
may be more easy and more rapid ? Not one. I
live almost at the extreme east. There is but one
State east of mine, and there will not be more until
we begin the annexing process on that end, which
we may do by and by. But although I do live
far east, I feel a deep interest in this great rail-
road, and I hope and trust that it will be builtand
that very soon. An immense capital is to be in-
vested in purchasing the rails to build it; and I
ask the Senator from Pennsylvania [Mr. Cooper]
if he loves his own State so well that he is willing
to have the rest of the Union taxed as they must
be taxed if this duty is continued, for the purpose
of putting the paltry pittance that Pennsylvania
can make from her manufacturers for this great
work into the pockets of companies there?
Mr. COOPER. Does the Senator want an an-
swer ?
Mr. HALE. Yes, sir; but I will not occupy
the attention of the Senate long. These ideas I
have thrown out, because I have thought there
was something in them. I do not mean to say
that other speeches that have been made on the
subject have not had something in them. [Laugh-
ter.] But I think these are matters that ought to
be considered. I wish to call the attention of the
Senate to the peculiarities of the times. Take the
most extravagant estimate, made by the honora-
ble Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Brodhead.]
I honor that Senator's zeal, sir. I believe he is
Pennsylvania all over, and I believe he would al-
most step off from the platform rather than that
Pennsylvania should be injured in her iron interest.
But there has not been for many years a time
when so little capital has been invested in the iron
manufacture as there is at this moment.
Mr. COOPER. That is not so. The Senator
is mistaken in that statement.
Mr. HALE. I hope the Senator will enlighten
the Senate. By the operation of the tariff act of
1846, the capital which was invested in making
