912
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 28.
That the preemption laws of the United States, as they
now exist, be, and they are hereby, extended over the alter-
nate reserved sections of public lands along all the lines of
all the railroads in the United States wherever public lands
have been, or may be granted, by acts of Congress; and
that it shall be the privilege of the persons residing on any
of said reserved lands, to pay for the same m soldiers'
bounty land warrants, estimated at 8125 per acre, or in
gold and silver, or both together, in preference to any other
person, and at anytime before the same shall be offered
for sale at auction : Provided, That no person shall be en-
titled to the benefit of this act who has not settled and im-
proved, or shall not settle and improve such lands, prior to
the final allotment of the alternate sections to such railroads
by the General Land Office: And provided further, That
the price to be paid shall in all cases be )$2 50 per acre, or
such other minimum price as is now fixed by law, or may
be fixed upon lands hereafter granted, and no one person
shall have the right of preemption to more than one hun-
dred and sixty acres. i
The SPEAKER. The question will be upon
the amendir jnt.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I understand,
from thd reading of the amendment, that it covers
the objection I made on last Saturday, and confines
the operation of the bill to settlements made ante-
rior to the location of the road.
Mr. BROWN. Yes, sir.
Mr. STEPHENS. I am in favor of it, and
think that it ought to be passed. !
Mr. MOORE, of Louisiana. I ask the gentle-
man from Mississippi to permit me to offer a j
proviso to that bill.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi. I cannot do it.
I demand the previous question upon the passage
of the bill.*
Mr. McMULLIN. Do I understand that the
House has taken up the bill ?
The SPEAKER. By unanimous consent.
Mr. McMULLIN. 1 thought the amendment
was read to ascertain the sense of the House.
The SPEAKER. No objection being made,
the Chair distinctly stated that the question would
be upon the amendment.
Mr. HENDRICKS. But there was no objec-
tion made.
Mr. McMULLIN. I thought the time to ob-
ject was after the amendment was read for the in-
formation of the House.
The SPEAKER. That is true; but the Chair
paused and stated if there be no objection made,
the question will be upon the amendment, but no
objection was made for a minute or two.
Mr. McMULLIN. I rise to make objection
now.
The SPEAKER. It is too late. The previous
question is demanded. j
Mr. MOORE, of Louisiana. I would ask the
gentleman from Mississippi to permit me to intro-
duce as an amendment to his amendment the pro-
viso which exists in the original bill.
Mr. BROWN. I will consent to have it read.
The SPEAKER. It can be read only by unani-
mous consent of the House.
Mr. KING, of New York. I have no objection
to its being read for the information of the House.
The proviso was then read as follows:
Provided, Tliat any settler who has settled, or may here-
after settle on lands heretofore reserved on account of
claims under French, Spanish, or other grants which have
been or shall be hereafter declared by the Supreme Court
of the United States to be invalid, shall be entitled to all the
rights of preemption granted by this act and the act of 4th
of September, 1841, entitled "An act to appropriate the
proceeds of the public lands, and to grant preemption rights"
after the land shall have been released from reseivation, in
the same manner as if no reservation had, at the tune of
settlement, existed.
Mr. BROWN. Very well. I have no objec-
tion to the proviso.
Mr. KING, of New York. I object.
The previous question was then seconded, and
the main question was ordered to be put.
The question was then taken uponMr. Brown's
amendment; and it was decided in the affirmative
The bill was then read a first and second time,
and ordered to a third reading; and, according to
order, was read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed, and
to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table;
which latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move that the rules of the
House be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
Mr. E WING. I hope thegentleman from Ala-
bama will yield me the floor.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 cannot. My conviction
is that the appropriation bills will be lost unless
weproceed to their consideration.
The question was then taken, and it was de-
cided in the affirmative.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Hall in the chair.) ■
Mr. HOUSTON. I move to take up House
bill No. 335 as amended by the Senate. It is the
bill to supply deficiencies in the appropriations for
the service of the fiscal year ending the 30th June,
1853.
The question was then taken, and it was de-
cided in the affirmative.
Mr. HOUSTON. The first amendment (which
the committee will find in the clause providing for
outfit of a charge d'affaires to Austria, $4,500) is
to strike out " Austria," and insert "Denmark,"
so that the clause will read:
" For outfit of a charge d'affaires to Denmark, $4,500."
It is recommended by the Secretary of State.
The question was then taken upon concurring
in the amendment, and it was decided in the af-
firmative.
The second amendment of the Senate, to insert
the following as an addition® clause, was read: .
" For salary to the commissioner at the Sandwich Islands I
from the 7th of June, 1850, to July 1st, 1852, and to make
the same equal to the sum now provided for by law, §4,414."
The object of this amendment is to make the '
compensation of the present commissioner there
conform to what was appropriated at the last
session, and which was appropriated to his pre-
decessor.
The question was then taken upon concurring
in the Senate amendment, and it was decided in
the affirmative.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Senate was to come
in after the following clause, viz:
"For the extension ofthe United States Capitol, $400,000."
The amendment was read, as follows:
"Provided, That so much of former appropriations for \
the extension of the Capitol as remains unexpended, and
the appropriation now made, or which may hereafter be
made, for that object, shall be disbursed by the Commis-
sioner of Public Buildings, under such regulations as the
President of the United Slates may prescribe; said Com-
missioner's accounts for such disbursement to be audited
and paid at the Treasury, in the same manner as the ac-
counts of other civil officers charged with the disbursement
of public money. Anil said Commissioner shall report to
the President his disbursements and proceedings in time to
be presented to Congress at the commencement of each an-
nual session, and at any other time when required: Provi- 1
tied further, That no part of this appropriation shall be ex- .
pended for any purpose during the present quarter of the
fiscal year."
Mr. HOUSTON. The Committee on Ways
and Means propose to amend the above amend-
ment as follows :
Strike out the words "by the Commissioner of Public
Buildings," so that the clause will read :
" Provided, That so much of former appropriations for
the extension of the Capitol as remains unexpended, and
the appropriations now made, or which may hereafter be
made for that object, shall be disbursed under such regula-
tions as the President of the United States may prescribe."
Also, strike out after the word " prescribe," the words
<£ said commissioner's," and insert " the," so that it will
read:
" The accounts for such disbursement to be audited ;yid
paid at the Treasury in the same manner as the accounts of
other civil officers charged with the disbursement of the
public money."
Also, in line thirty-six, the committee recommend to
strike out the word " commissioner" and insert " disburs-
ing otficer, so that it will read " and said disbursing ollicer
shall report to the President," &c.
Also, the committee recommend to strike out the pro-
viso entirely.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ments of the Committee on Ways and Means,
and they were agreed to.
The question was then taken upon the Senate
amendment as amended; and it was concurred in.
The following clause was then read:
" For completing the work of the Seventh Census, and to
prepare the same for publication, $35,000; [out of which
the Superintendent of the Census shall be allowed a com-
pensation at the rate of $3,000 per annum, from the time
his salary as Secretary of the Census Board ceased."]
The Senate amendment proposed to strike out
the part inclosed in brackets.
Mr. HOUSTON. The committee recommend
a non-concurrence in the amendment of the Sen-
ate.
The question being upon concurring in the
amendment of the Senate, tellers were demanded
and ordered; and Messrs. Harris, of Alabama,
and Dean were appointed.
The question was taken, and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 64, noes 63.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The following clause was then read:
[" To pay for the Congressional Globe and Appendix,
and the Annals of Congress, ordered for the use of the Con-
gressional Library.] To enable the Clerk of the House of
Representatives to pay for certain books ordered for its
library, under the resolution of the House of September
28, 1850, $4,500." ,
The Senate amendment was to strike out the
part inclosed in brackets, and to insert the part in-
dicated by italics.
Mr. HOUSTON. The Committee on Ways
and Means recommend a non-concurrence in the
amendment of the Senate, and that the word
" Congressional" shall be stricken out, and that
the words "for the use of the Library of the House
of Representatives "shall be inserted. Theamend-
ment which the committee proposes makes it con-
form to the resolution, as the Senate desire.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment proposed by the Committee on Ways and
Means, and it was agreed to.
The question was then taken upon concurring
with the Senate amendment as amended, and it
was decided in the affirmative.
The following clause was then read:
" To enable the Clerk of [this House] to furnish, pay
for, and deliver the same books to five new members of the
present Congress, as per resolution of [this] House passed
26th July, 1852, $4,500."
The amendments of the Senate to this clause
were to strike out " this House," and insert " the
House of Representatives, "and strike out " this"
and insert " said."
Mr. HOUSTON. These amendments are only
intended to correct the phraseology.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ments were agreed to.
The following amendment of the Senate was
then read, viz:
" For compensation to an assistant day watchman of the
General Post Office, from the 15th of September, 1852, until
the 30th June, 1853,$475."
Mr. HOUSTON. The Committee on Ways
and Means recommend a non-concurrence in that
amendment.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment of the Senate was not agreed to.
j The following clause was then read:
" For expenses of the Board of Visitors at the Military
Academy, $557 83; [and that hereafter the salary of the
master of the sword at the Military Academy (West Point)
shall be at the rate of $1,200 per annum.]"
The amendment of the Senate is to insert the
part inclosed by brackets.
Mr. HOUSTON. The Committee on Ways
and Means recommend a non-concurrence in this
amendment.
The question was then taken, and the Senate
amendment was not agreed to.
The following amendment, proposed by the Sen-
ate, was then read, viz:
" For the compensation of Senators for the year ending
30th June, 1853, in addition to appropriations heretofore
made, and includinglthat for the special session commencing
4th March, 1853, $25,000.
" For contingent expenses of the Senate, viz :
" For binding, $20,000 ;
" For lithographing and engraving, $20,000 ;
" For books, $2,300;
" For Congressional Globe, and binding same, $1,843 ;
" For messengers, pages, laborers, police, horses and car-
ry-alls, $10,000;
"For clerks of President of the Senate and committees,
draughtsman, fireman in crypt, and other miscellaneous
items, $36,000."
Mr. HOUSTON. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Ways and Means to move an amend-
ment to provide for a deficiency for the printing of
the present year. It simply proposes to make an
appropriation, estimated for by the Superintendent
of Public Printing, to supply deficiencies in the
printing for the present year:
And be it further enacted, That the following sums be,
and the same are hereby, appropriated, to be paid out of any
moneys not otherwise appropriated:
For the printing of the Senate for the first session of the
Thirty-second Congress, $14,533.
For the printing of the House of Representatives for the
first session of the Thirty-second Congress, $25,570.
For the printing of the Senate for the second session of
the Thirty second Congress, $37,463.
For tl^f printing of the House of Representatives for the
