THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
32d Congress, 3d Session.
MONDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 1853.
New Series....No. 58.
second session of the Thirty-second Congress, $56,194, the
same having been executed and to be executed by the Pub-
lic Printer under the provisions of an act entitled "An act
for executing the public printing and establishing the price
thereof and other purposes."
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair calls the atten-
tion of the gentleman from Alabama, to the fact,
that if he has an amendment from the Committee
■on Ways and Means to the last clause of the Sen-
ate's amendment, now is the time to offer it.
Mr. HOUSTON. Yes, sir. I wish to call the
attention of the committee to an amendment rec-
ommended by the Committee on Ways and Means
to the following clause of the Senate's amend-
ment:
"For clerks of President of the Senate and committees,
daughtsroau, fireman in crypt, and other miscellaneous
items, $36,600."
The estimate of the Secretary of the Senate for
that item was $20,000. He was called on, how-
ever, by a resolution of the Senate, or in some
other way, to make an estimate of an amount
which would cover the extra compensation usually
voted at the end of each session of Congress to the
clerks, messengers, &c., employed by the Senate.
He then estimated $16,600, making the item
£36,600 instead of $20,000—$16,600 being in-
tended to pay the extra compensation. The Com-
mittee on Ways and Means recommend an amend-
ment in that clause, to strike out " $36,600," and
insert " $20,000," so as to bring the question up
for the House to decide whether this practice of
extra compensation shall continue or not. If we
leave the clause as it now stands, the officers of
the Senate will get extra compensation, and the
officers of the House will get none.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. Before the
' question is put on the motion to strike out, will it
be in order to move an amendment to the section ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks not.
The motion is to strike out and insert, and that is
not divisible.
Mr. STANTON. Well, sir, before the ques-
tion is put on the motion to strike out and insert,
I desire to know whether it is in order to move to
add something to the clause?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks not.
Mr. STANTON. Well, if the motion of the
gentleman from Alabama prevails, will it then be
in order to move to add to the clause ?
The CHAIRMAN. It will not be in order to
add anything that conflicts with the amendment
of the gentleman from Alabama.
The question was then taken on Mr. Houston's
amendment, and it was agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON. I now offer the amendment
which was read just now.
The amendment will be found above.
Mr. HAVEN. I do not quite understand that
amendment, and perhaps the chairman of the
Committee on Ways and Means can explain it in
a very few words. The law as it now stands
makes a perpetual appropriation for the public
printing to the amount of the drafts of the super-
intendent.
Mr. HOUSTON. I have but a word to my
in reply to the question of the gentleman from
New York. It is true that the head of one of the
Departments has given a construction to the law
of last session, in relation to the public printing,
by which he determines that it made a perpetual
appropriation. The Committee on Ways and
Means, however, upon an examination of that
law, with a disposition not to give it that construc-
tion unless they were forced to do 46, have deter-
mined that it is the safest, wisest, and best policy
for Congress to make an appropriation Of the
amount necessary for the printing, every year, so
that the appropriations for that purpose shall come
before Congress for action and revision every ses-
sion.
Mr. HAVEN. Then I would inquire of the
ehairman of the Committee on Ways and Means
if these appropriations cover the whole amount that
has been drawn for up to this time?
Mr. HOUSTON. These appropriations, I un-
derstand, are in pursuance of the estimates of the
Superintendent of Public Printing. The Commit-
58
tee on Ways and Means, preferring that the law
should be so construed as to. keep these appropri-
ations under the control of Congress, asked the
Superintendent to estimate for ail that would be
necessary for the next year.
Mr. HAVEN. I am satisfied with the gentle-
man's explanation, and think myself that the
amendment had better be adopted, so as to keep
the matter under the control of Congress.
The question was then taken on the amendment,
and it was agreed to.
The question recurring on agreeingto the amend'
ment of the Senate as amended, it was put, and
decided in the affirmative.
So the amendment of the Senate, as amended,
was concurred in.
The tenth amendment of the Senate was then
read, as follows:
" For clerk hire at the legation of the United States at
London for one year, $800; and that there be allowed and
paid to Captain Hiram B. Bangs, master of the American
bark Rienza, or to his assignee, the sum of $508, being the
amount contracted to be paid to hira by the American consul
at Gibraltar, for transporting to the United States nineteen
prisoners, captured in Cuba and carried to Spain, who
were not American citizens, subject to any deduction that
may be proper for any advances on account of such trans-
portation that may have been made to him by said consul;
and that there be allowed and paid to Horatio I. Spragae,
consul as aforesaid, the sum of $533 34, with interest thereon
from the 19tb April, 1859, being for expenses incurred by him
in taking care of and providing for said prisoners, under the
direction of ihe American Minister at Madrid. The foregoing
respective sums to be paid out of the appropriations formerly
made for bringing American citizens, prisoners in Spain, to
the United States ; and if there be not a sufficiency thereof
unexpended, then any additional amount necessary is here-
by appropriated out of any money in the Treasury not other*
wise appropriated."
Mr. BROOKS. I move pro forma, to strike out
all after " $800," in the second line of that amend-
ment.
The Committee on Ways and Means havepre-
pared an amendment to that amendment, but the
chairman ha3 not got it at hand at this moment.
I am unwilling to sanction the principle involved
in that portion of the amendment which I have
moved to strike out. We have already provided
for bringing back the Americans who were en-
gaged in that expedition to Cuba, and this is to
provide for bringing back to this country foreign-
ers who were also engaged in that expedition. I
do not think that we should sanction the prin-
ciple of bringing back to this country foreigners
who violated our laws, and after violating those
laws, were incarcerated in a foreign country and
then surrendered up into the hands of our consul.
The Committee on Ways and Means agreed with
me in that opinion, ana provided an amendment
precisely suited to this case.
Mr. DUNHAM. I think it is too late to raise
the question which the gentleman from New York
is now presenting to the committee. The expen-
ses have already been incurred. It seems that
these men were provided for and sent home before
the law making that appropriation reached the
proper officers who had control of the business,
and they supposed that its provisions extended to
all the prisoners who had been connected with the
expedition from this country. I shall propose,
however, after the amendment of the gentleman
from New York shall have been disposed of, to
strike out these words:
" And if there be not a sufficiency thereof unexpended,
then any additional amount necessary is hereby appropria-
ted out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated."
That makes an unlimited appropriation, which
I think is wrong. But the expenses already in-
curred, and honestly incurred, by your officers in
Spain, and by the captain who was authorized to
bring these men to this country in his vessel,
ought to be paid.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. There is a good
deal of force in the remarks made by the gentle-
man from Indiana if the fact be, as he states it to
be, that the men were brought to this country,
and that these expenses have been incurred. But
I desire to say, in justice to myself—for I intro-
duced the bill providing for the return of the pris-
oners from Spain—that I drew it carefully and
considered it well, and it never was the design of
this House to provide for bringing home any other
persons than American citizens. If I had under-
stood that any other persons were included, I
should have more than doubted the propriety of
the appropriation, and I should certainly have
doubted the authority of Congress to make it.
But the provision was carefully worded. It was
not the accidental use of language—it was th#
careful and premeditated use of it. It was con-
fined to American citizens; and unless there be
quite as much in the considerations presented by
the gentleman from Indiana, as he supposes, it
occurs to me that this amendment of the Senate
ought not to be agreed to. If these expenses have
been incurred through accident or mistake, it may
be proper enough for us to provide for them; but
I should be glad to hear further from the gentle-
man upon that subject to guide my own vote. It
certainly never was the design of the Congress of
the United States to provide for bringing Back to
this country any other persons engaged in that ex-
pedition except American citizens.
Mr. HOUSTON. I have here the amendment
which the Committee on Ways and Means instruct-
ed me to offer, but which I had mislaid.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendmentisnot in
order until the amendment of the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Brooks] is disposed of.
Mr. BROOKS. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. HOUSTON. I then offer the following
amendment: Strike out the portion of the clause
indicated by the gentleman from New York, [Mr
Brooks,] and insert in lieu thereof the following:
For tbe relief of such of the Cuban prisoners, not eitizene
of the United States, as were pardoned by the Queen of
Sp.'iii] iiMd sent out of her dominions by the United States
Minister at Madrid, and the American Consul at Gibraltar,
$7X3 34.
The gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Baylt] is
correct in saying that the law of the last session
confined the appropriation to American citizens.
These fifteen or nineteen persons for whom this
expense was incurred went on the Lopez expedi-
tion. It is true they were not naturalized citizens,
but some of them had taken steps to become nat-
uralized, and I believe all had declared their in-
tention to become citizens of the United States.
The correspondence shows that they all went on
the expedition together; thatthey were all taken and
kept together, and under the instructions of our
minister at Madrid, Mr. Sprague, our consul at
Madrid, took the responsibility of sending them
all. The American minister, (Mr. Barringer,)
without looking carefully to the law, supposed it
was designed to apply to the whole of the Cuban
prisoners. The provisions made by Congress for
bringing home these prisoners was only designed
to apply to the American citizens, but the prison-
ers were all sent home, and the money paid by the
consul was paid for them all so far as it went, and
under the express instruction of our American
minister at Madrid.
Mr. STUART. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Alabama [Mr. Houston] why tie original
amount asked for has been reduced?
Mr. HOUSTON. The reason is this—and the
correspondence which I hold in my hand between
a committee of the Senate and the Secretary of
State during the last Congress, and between the
Committee on Ways and Means and the Secretary
of State during the present session, explains the
whole matter—the amount originally asked for
included pay for bringing to this country two,
three, or four persons, who were not brought to
this country at all. The owner of the vessel states
that he made an agreement with the consul to
bring nineteen persons here, and that he was to
receive pay for nineteen, but thathehad been only
paid for fifteen. Our amendment only provides
for fifteen, which is the precise number brought
over.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment of the Committee on Ways and Means to
strike out and insert was agreed to.
The question was then taken^wl the amend-
ment as amended was concurred^*
