918
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb 28,
perpetrated upon any people; yet in consequence
of the construction given by the Secret,try of the
Treasury t« that law, the assay office in Califor-
nia is in as constant and injurious operation as
ever. These are the facts in reference to this mat-
ter, and they ought to be known.
Mr. HIBBARD. That assay office was pro-
• spectively abolished. It was not proposed to con-
tinuetheMintand assay office together. Thatall the
proceedings in regard to this assay office have now
been discontinued, I did not assume to say, and
do not understand. But, sir, to resume: it is now
proposed—and the proposition has passed the Sen-
ate and is brought before this House—to establish
this assay office, and to continue it in operation,
and to provide that so much of the appropriation
for the erection of the Mint there as may be ne-
cessary shall be applied for that purpose.
To show that I was correct in saying that no
contract had been entered into for the erection of
a Mint there, I need but to read the last clause but
one of the provision itself which the Seriate have
adopted to this bill. It is provided " that no con-
tract sh til be,made for the establishment of the
said Mint until the further order of Congress."
The Secretary of the Treasury says no contract
has as yet been made; no steps have yet betn
taken for the erection of a Mint there; and all
operations in that direction under this provision
are to be suspended until the assay office there is
fully established; and for a period of years there-
after. But it will be seen by the prior provisions
of this section that is not proposed to discontinue
the Mint altogether. It is only to divert the
appropriation which has been already made—for
I think it will take all of it and more to complete
the assay office there—and then to go on and
establish a Mint there. By the Senate amend-
ment the Mint is recognized as something that is
" still to he. The faith of the Government is virtu-
ally pledged for its future completion. It is pro-
vided at the commencement of this amendment
that the " President is hereby empowered to ap-
• point an assayer for said branch Mint in antici-
• pation of the completion and establishment there-
' of." That is, it proposes to make this appropri-
ation for the completion of the assay office; but it
does not stop here. It will commit us to go on and
construct the still more expensive establishment
of a Mint hereafter. It is on account of this fea-
ture, and some other objectionable provisions, to
which it is not necessary now to allude, that I
oppose the Senate's amendment in its present
form.
I am against having them both. If California
is content with the assay office, let her have it. In
my judgment, it is all thatis really needed. With
all friendliness of feeling towards that State, with
every disposition to bejust, wholly so, in our legis-
lation toward them—and to be just is all we have
the right to do—I must say that I am of opinion
that that is all that is essentially necessary, and all
we can be warranted in doing. I am against this
whole policy of expending the'Go vernmen t moneys
in California or elsewhere, as a matter of favor to
particular localities. We should legislate for the
wants and uses of the Government, and for those
alone. If benefit to any State or city is the inci-
dental effect of such legislation, no one will be
more gratified than I. But this is as far as I can
go in the way of protection or favor. I repeat
that this expenditure is not required by the wants
of the Government. There is nothing to justify
it—no necessity which can warrant the heavy ex-
pense attendant upon the erection of this Mint,
especially at the present time.
Why, sir, I understand—and it is admitted out
of this House, if not in it—that your appropria-
tion of $300,000 is by no means sufficient for the
completion of the work proposed. I do not know
that it will even buy a site for it. I understand
that the title of the land upon which it has been
proposed to build the Mint is still in dispute. We
may have a litigation about the land, after expend-
ingmillions upon it, and have to give it up or move
off. It is far more probable that one, or two, or
three millions will be swallowed up—judging from
past experience—before that work will be com-
pleted.
And now, Mr. Chairman, in my humble judg-
ment, if ever, now is not the proper time for the
Government to enter upon that expensive work in
the present unsettled state of affairs there. The
enormous price of articles of every kind in Cali-
fornia is more than double that of the same in
other portions of the country. If ever, now is
not the time for the performance of this work.
The effect of my amendment is to provide' for
the discontinuance of the erection of that Mint,
and that we shg.ll rely upon the assay office. I
think, sir, that is all that is necessary. I trust if
my amendment isadopted, that the committee will
concur in the amendment of theSenate as amended;
but if my amendment is not adopted, I hope that
the recommendation of the Committee on Ways
and Means will be adopted, and the amendment
of the Senate be disagreed to. I care little which
course the House will take.
Mr. MARSHALL. Has the amendment 'of
the gentleman from New Hampshire been offered ?
The CHAIRMAN. It has not yet been of-
fered.
Mr. MARSHALL. As it is to be offered by
the gentleman, I desire to have it read.
The amendment was then again read, as above
inserted.
Mr. MARSHALL. It is my intention, as soon
as it can be done in order, to move to strike out
the entire section, including the proposed amend-
ment. The amendment itself appears to me to be
entirely unnecessary, because this section of the
bill, as it now stands, amounts in effect to the re-
peal of the bill for the establishment of a branch
Mint in California. And it goes on further to
enact a very easy possibility for the squandering
of the already too limited fund, which was appro-
priated by the bill establishing the bianch Mint
for the purpose of its establishment.
But before I say anything at all to this section
of the bill, or to the proposed amendment, I would
be glad to correct an error prevalent in this House
and in the country, as to the position which the
I members from California and the State of Califor-
j nia itself occupy in the legislation of this Union.
It seems to me that if this House constantly re-
ceives each application of, and treats every law
relating to, California, as if that State was some-
thing foreign to the Union, something dissociated
from the great political system of which it forms
an integral and most important part, and that we
are considered either in the light of beggars and
mendicants, asking for charity at the hands of the
National Legislature, or as robbers and swindlers
who seek to defraud the Treasury of the Union,
in which we have so immediate and vital inter-
ests—this is a total mistake—a total misapprehen-
sion. In the progress of this country, it has
acquired the territory of California—a more valu-
able territory, in proportion to its extent, than
any other which belongs to the Union. We are
in the position of a purchaser of a great and mag-
nificent estate. The question which rises here,
then, is, whether we shall improve this estate,
which we have acquired at such immense cost.
Every California question is not a question be-
tween the citizens of that country and the Union,
in which they are arrayed in hostility against i
each other, representing incompatible and conflict- I
ing interests. This and all other questions which
have been broached in this House by the Repre-
sentatives of the State of California, interest the
whole Union, and each and every part of it are
equally involved in them. A wise administration
of the affairs of that State is of vital consequence
to the whole Union, and ought to be contem-
plated in that light. Every improvement of that
State, every measure for its safety and protection,
is for the safety and protection and for the dignity ;
and honor of the whole Union. Although so far 1
removed in space, we are and feel ourselves apart
of the great American people, though we are an
advanced guard, not only of American, but of the '
whole wide world's civilization. It is alike the
duty, then, and the interestof the National Legis-
lature to protect this territory which they have
acquired, or else abandon it. That isthealterna- |
tive which gentlemen will be obliged at some day,
and ought now to prepare themselves to meet.
Why, sir, that State has already submitted—
quietly, without repining, almost without remon- ■
strance—submitted to oppression in comparison to
which those which drove these States from the
British Empire were as nothing. Money has
flowed out of the pockets of our people into the :
National ^feasury without representation upon [
this floor,and when we come to seek its restora- i
tion, we are absolutely met with a smile of deris- \
ion, even by the Democrats of this House. i
Producing $100,000,000 annually of the crude
material from which the currency of the world is
formed, we are without a measure of value. The
United States retain in their own hands that sov-
| ereign power of coining metal which is essential
to the daily payment of our daily wages, and re-
fuse to exercise it in our behalf. We produce
nothing but gold, and unless we are empowered
by the National Legislature to give that gold the
stamp and measure of its true value, it isimpossi-
i ble for the workmen in our mines to get their fair
■ day's wages for the hardest day's work.
j I have neither time nor physical strength, nor
is this the proper occasion, to recapitulate the gross
and glaring neglects and oppressions under which
that State has suffered; whilst not one impatient
demonstration has yet attested her consciousness-
, of these injuries—not a groan has escaped from
her. I do not wish to speak threateningly. I do
not think I can frighten anybody. I do not wish
to scare anybody, and I hate to think of disunion;
but I do say to gentlemen, if the United States
has neither the energy nor the intelligence to sup-
ply one of its own members, one of its own sov-
ereign independent States, with laws securing the
common rights of all freemen everywhere, that
we shall be obliged, in vindication of our Saxon
descent, to show that we spring from the same-
revolutionary stock; we will be obliged to provide
for ourselves, for our own defense, to coin our
own money, and to make such treaties with this
Union as will promote our interests and secure
our own safety.
Now, sir, I am here more especially as the-
representative of the mining interest. There was
nothing in all the many objects which 1 had ir 
coming here so especially interesting to me; nothing
i looked forward to with so much interest by the
people whom I represent, in part, upon this floor;
nothing of so great actual moment in our every-
day 's actual business, as the establishment of a
Mint for the coinage of our gold.
We did succeed, after California had applied to
Congress for more than two years for the estab-
! lishment of a Mint, in getting through the Housfr
a mutilated and insufficient provision, but which
was yet better than nothing—a bill which satisfied
a people so accustomed to injustice—a people so
easily satisfied, as the people of this Government
have thought California to be—a bill which pro-
vided that a certain work, expensive in California,
expensive everywhere, should be contracted for,
and contracted to be completed entire, for a sum
wholly inadequate for its completion.
Still there are now pending, under the law-
passed by Congress at the last session, offers in the
Treasury Department for building a Mint in com-
pliance with the law, and for the amount provided
for under that law. What sort of a Mint it will
be, I cannot pretend to prophesy. It will be some
kind of a blacksmith shop, which will prevent us
from being swindled out of two and three quar-
ters per cent, upon all the gold dug in the State,
as now happens under the operation of this assay
office. It will be better than that, at least. It will
be rough in its exterior. We expect that. We
do not want any display of architectural magnifi-
cence. We do not ask millions to be expended, as
here around this center of the national interest, in
the gratification of State pride. We do not ask
for forests of columns and mountains of polished
marble, which are here voted for no purpose but
to violate republican simplicity, and indulge the
same vanity which exhausted a people to pile up
the "saxum immobile " of Roman pomp. We do
not want anything of that sort. Any log-cabin,
in which we can stamp upon the product of our
labor its true value and give it currency, will
answer our purpose. And that we can get under
the offers now filed in the Treasury Department.
By the wisdom of somebody or the other—I do
not know who, but I should suppose the whole
House and Senate, from the amount of wisdom
exhibited, have been concerned—a section is now
offered which, in effect, repeals the Mint bill, and
undoes all that was done at the last session; and
goes on further to provide that the then appropria-
tion shall be squandered for objects wholly useless
and not at all desired by the country. This section
gives to the Secretary of the Treasury the unlim-
ited and irresponsible power of making contracts;
it puts into his hands, without any sort of guard
or protection whatever, the right to rent, to pur-
chase, or to lease an assay office, the very thing
