leas.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
919
ve have been wauling to get rid of, the very
a^ent of all for perpetrating against lis
tlif w'ongs of which we have been complaining all
the time. He is to lease or purchase an assay
otive; a id it is to be done out ol so much of the
$30J.OOO originally given for a Mint as may be
necessary for that purpose. 'I do not want to re-
flet 011 anybody; 1 do not want to say anything
] do not know, and God knows I have never said
here all I did know 011 any question yet, and I will
not do it now, because 1 hope that this amend-
ment will be stricken out. Rut I will make a bet
■gainst all the odds that a gambler's conscience
would permit him to take, that there will not be
one cent of this $300,000 left after this renting,
leasing, or purchasing is completed.
I have examined these subjects tolerably closely,
■nd I happen to find out a good many things that
you, gentlemen, cannot, in the nature of things,
find out; and I hope, then, when I do make sig-
nificant hints, like the one I now deliberately mean
to make, you will give me credit for knowing
more than I say, or perhaps more than it would
be prudent to say. I will be responsible before
my people for what I say and what I do, and if
you will vote this thing down,and say that I said
so, I have political reputation and political hopes
enough at home to make it a pledge of some mo-
ment which I give to this House, that, if you will
do that, von will do what is right.
Mr. CARTTER. We will do it. Make your
notion.
[Criesall over the Hall—" Make your motion!"
" You are right !"]
Mr. MARSHALL. I read from the Senate
amendments part of the objectionable provision:
" That no contract be made for the erection and
establishment of said Mint until the further order
of Congress." Now, we were two years in getting
the concern through that we did. In the course of
human events, and in the development of the
efficiency of the House, I would like to know when
Congress is going to take any further action on
the subject? Why,onrgrandchildren will not live
to see a Mint in California ! Four years would be
the shortest time in which it would be possible, in
the nature of things, and the rules of the House.
Four years will be the very shortest time. But are
we all of this time to have that assay office, which
has been cursed by every man not a professing
Christian in California for the last three years?
[Laughter.] Are we to have that assay office,
taking two and three-quarters per cent, out of
every miner's pocket, for putting his gold into a
shape so that he will not lose the whole of it in
carrying it in a buckskin bag all over the coun-
try ?
I will give you, Mr. Chairman, one week's op-
erations of a miner. He gets two or three hun-
dred dollars; comes down to San Francisco with >
it in the shape of gold dost. He cannot sell it I
wi'hont a sacrifice of about twelve per cent.; the !
assay office will only charge him two and three-
quarters per cent, for running it into bars, but
Oiey cannot do it, they tell him, for a month or
six weeks. Now, if a miner undertakes to stay
in San Francisco a month or six weeks, he will
get nothing from the assay office or anywhere
else; by that time the expense will have consumed
the whole capital. He thert goes to a banking
house—some such institution as Palmer, Cook &
Company. He tells them, "I have got this gold
dust and it is almost of no account to me; I do not
know what to do with it. The assay office will
not work it up into any shape for six weeks, and
I cannot stay here all that time, for it is more than
my gold is worth." The banking house, very
kindly and generously—for you must know that
it is very intimate with the assay office—they are
awfully intimate! and of course kind offices are
done between business men—the banking house,
I say, pays him the value of his gold, taking off
five per cent., which is the rate of interest the
miner has to pay per month—the banker pays
him in slugs, the same shape into which the assay
office runs the gold.
ATow, the miner's gold does not lay at the assay
office six weeks—there is nothing of the kind—it
is assayed at once, and five per cent, is made off of
him in the first, instance, and the banker has the
use of the gold for the six weeks, which is equal
to five per cent, additional. These things are
true. They are hard, and make people angry.
Mining is a hard trade. The miner has enough
to bear from the nature of his avocation, and this
thing will not answer. This National Legislature
ought to understand and act on the subject. :
They ought to stop this connecting and sustained
series ot frauds which have been perpetrated, in
one foi rn or the other, ever since gold was first dis-
covered there. Well, this section settles the ques-
tion and makes it hopeless for four or five years,
and the assay office will be a fixed fact in the his-
tory of California, and a robbery of its people a
part of the history of the action of Congress.
The amendment of the gentleman from New
Hampshire will be worse than the Senate amend-
ment, a more efficient provision for the destruction
of the prosperity of that State, and a plainer viola-
tion of the rights of its people. I will not stop,
however, to speak on that amendment, because if
this section be stricken out, how much more clearly
wiil the House see the necessity for rejecting the
amendment of the gentleman, which is like the
Senate amendment in its character, but infinitely
worse? The Mint bill is inefficient and bad, but
it is better than none. It will satisfy us. We will
not be so plundered as we have been. We shall
feel grateful if Congress will but let alone the little
that it has done heretofore. I enter against the
section, and its spirit and intention, and against
the amendment of the gentleman, the most solemn
protest it is within my power to offer.
Mr. TOOMBS. I agree with the gentleman from
California in his opposition to this section. He is,
I think, entirely right, and I trust that the com-
mittee will strike it out. I do not, however, con-
cur with the gentleman in his ideas in regard to the
treatment of California by the Federal Government
—very far from it, because I think that no new, no
old country, no portion of this Union has been
treated as well as California. I admit the section
is altogether bad. There are several provisions in
it which, if it is to pass, ought to be amended; but
relying on the committee being.willing, at least, as
the gentleman says, that the bill which was passed
last year for the establishment of a Mint in Cali-
fornia will be carried out, I shall make no such
motion. I am told from good authority that bids
are now before the Secretary of the Treasury for
the building of that Mint. The committee ought
not to hesitate, forthe amendment would be throw-
ing away the $300,000 on an assay office. I hope
that the recommendation of the Committee on
Ways and Means will be agreed to, and that the
section will be stricken out and the matter left
where it is now. It is unnecessary to offer further
argument on it. Let San Francisco have the Mint. ,
I see a good many things covered up which I had '
risen to lay bare to the committee; but as a gen- I
eral disposition seems to prevail in favor of striking '
the section out, I shall not do so.
Mr. MARSHALL. I hope the gentleman will
1 expose them. I would do it myself were it not
for peculiar circumstances.
; Mr. TOOMBS. I would do it if time permitted.
Mr. EVANS. 1 am not going to make a polit-
ical speech.
Mr. HOUSTON. I had hoped that we would
get through with this bill without general debate.
1 will state to the committee that it is utterly im-
possible, unless by the closest vigilance, to pass
the appropriation bills in the time that is left us.
Mr. EVANS. While I was out to-day, the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Brooks] repeated
the remarks he made last week when I was sick,
with reference to the light-house system. He
showed, as I believe, hostility to it in advance,
and an indisposition to give it a fair trial.
Mr. BROOKS. I rise to a point of order, and
I do so because if tiie gentleman goes on and
makes a speech, I desire the privilege of reply, but
if there be no speech made I desire to make no re-
ply. Under the rules of the House, a member
. must confine himself particularly to the subject
under debate, and at this period of the session I
do not think that we should deviate from that es-
sential rule. I do not wish to be under the neces-
sity of replying to the gentleman, but if he goes
on and makes a long speech and opens the subject,
the whole day may be consufned to the delay of
the pressing public business.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair holds, although
I it has been the practice of the committee to per-
i1 mit general debate on appropriation bills, accord-
ing to tfe e rules, that when a bill with Senate amend-
ments is before the committee that remarks ought
to be strickly confined to the amendment under
consideration, and therefore decides the gentleman
is out of order.
Mr. EVANS. The objection comes with a
good grace from the gentleman from New York.
His argument would bear any sort of an answer.
Mr. H1BBARD, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment.
The amendment of the Senate was then non-
concurred in.
The following amendment was then read:
" Sec. 7. ^ndbeit further enacted, That when the gold
or silver shall be cast or formed into bars or ingots or disks,
no pieces as aforesaid shall be cast or formed of a less weight
than five ounces, unless they lie of standard fineness, and
the charge for casting, or forming, or refining said bars, in-
gots, or disks, shall not exceed the expense of executing;
ihe operation to be regulated, from time to time, by the Sec-
retary of the Treasury. And the Secretary of the Treasury
is hereby authorized to regulate the size and devices of the
new silver coin authorized by an act entillrd ' An act
amendatory of existing laws relative to the half dollar,
quarter dollar, dime, and half dime.'"
Mr. DUNHAM. I move the following amend-
ment: To strike out from the commencement of
the section down to the words " of the Treasury,"
where they first occur, and insert the following:
"That when gold or silver shall be cast in bars, ingots,
or formed in disks at the Mint of the United States, or any
of the branches thereof, the charge for refining, casiing, and
forming said bars, ingots, or disks, shall be equal to but not
exceed the actual cost of the operation, including labor,
wastage, use of machinery, materials, &c., to be regulated
from time to time by the Secretary of the Treasury : Pro-
vided, Said charges shall not exceed one half of one per
cent."
Mr. DUNHAM. The object of the amend-
ment of the Senate, I suppose, was to accomplish
what was recommended by the Committee on
Ways and Means in the coinage bill upon the
same subject; but the language of the amendment
does not accomplish that object entirely. The
first part of this section is entirely unnecessary;
and changes a portion of the coinage bill, which
provides " that when gold and silver shall be cast
' or formed into bars or ingots or disks, no pieces
' as aforesaid shall be cast or formed of less weight
'than five ounces." This is all provided for in
the coinage bill, and it is unnecessary to put this
provision again in this bill. The object of the
amendment is to make the seigniorage, when the
gold is cast into bars or ingots, equal to the ex-
penses of manufacture, and not to exceed or be
less than that, and to be regulated under the direc-
tion of the Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. BROOKS. The gentleman will find the
necessity of modifying the amendment as " here-
inbefore provided."
Mr. DUNHAM. Those words must be strick-
en out, as the section before it has been stricken
out.
Mr. BROOKS. I am in favor of a portion of
the Senate amendment as it now stands, because
it repeals, or proposes to repeal, in substance, the
seigniorage act which we passed the other day,
under the pressure of the previous question—that
very extraordinary act which in February of this
year in this first section, provided that a very
large portion of the act should go into operation
the past year, that is June 1st, 1852, though we
passed it in February, 1853. Now, as the propo-
sition of the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Dun-
ham,] or rather the proposition from the Senate,
is to repeal a larger portion of the whole act, I
'' think it a wise amendment, for the act was a bad
one, and that we ought therefore to amend it as
soon as possible.
The bill as it stands before us amended exempts
i the holders of gold who form it into bars, ingots,
; or disks from what is called seigniorage; that is,
1 from all charges of that character or kind, except
;| the actual cost of the work, which isnow being paid
I by the holder or depositor. So far, then, as the
; House retraces the hasty steps it took the other
! day,the retraction is wise; butl think thatitshould
j go further yet, and repeal all charges of seigniorage
1 on gold whatsoever. The act, as it is now pro-
: j posed to have it stand, must have this tendency:
]' it will induce the holders to order their deposits
j to be returned to them solely irt ingots, bars, or
1 disks, because the expense of coinage there will
be only what is the actual expense, while if they
! coined it into dollar pieces, quarter eagles, or half
j eagles, the currency which the people most desire,
and which is the most necessary for the country
i at this time, it will subject them to the greater cost
of coining; that is, to one half of one per cent. It
i > would be a very unwise provision, it seems to nte,
