1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
921
upon those bars or ingots their value ? Is it not
in the power of an individual holder of bullion, of
a large banking house, or of a bullion broker, to
impress upon a bar or ingot its weight and value?
Is there anything in the Federal Constitution
which forbids this exercise of power ?
M r. BAYLY. That depends entirely upon our
legislation upon this subject. Congress hag the
power to coin money and to punish the counter*
feiting of the current coin of the United States.
If Congress should authorize the coinage of bars
and ingots, and should prohibit the counterfeit of
them, no State or individual would have the right
to imitate that coin. I have no difficulty what-
ever upon that point. Congress may direct what
sort of coin it will have cast at the Mint, and if it
leaves out the casting of gold into bars and ingots,
why, anybody may do it, as in the case of other
metals. Nobody can make a copper cent for cur-
rency without violating the laws of the United
States, but the coinage of the United States is con-
fined, so far as copper is concerned, to cents, and
thecefore, nobody is prohibited from making cop-
per bars, or of puttiDg any stamp upon it he
pleases, or using copper in any other way. It de-
pends entirely upon the legislation of Congress
whether individuals or States can go into the busi-
ness of casting bars and ingots of gold in any par-
ticular form. They may cast them in any other
form than that adopted by the Government, but
they cannot counterfeit a form thus adopted. [
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not rise for the purpose
of entering into this discussion, but to appeal to
the committee to take the vote. We have not as
much time to devote to the remaining bills as we
are giving to this. We have got along so satis-
factorily with this bill, discussing every propo-
sition, that I do hope weshall be permitted to pur-
sue the same course with all the appropriation
bills. But if we consume much more time upon
this amendment, which I have no doubt every
member of the committee understands by this
time, we shall be under the necessity of acting on
the other appropriation bills in a way that none of
us like to do. I hope, therefore, that we shall be
allowed to take the vote and go on with the amend-
ments.  
Mr. SACKETT. I desire to say a few words
upon this amendment before the question is taken,
but 1 do not intend to detain the committee long.
I am opposed to the amendment of the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Dunham] as it now stands,
and I wish to state one or two reasons why I am
opposed to it. I am opposed to it, in the first
place, because, if it passes there will be a differ-
ence in the value of gold in coin and gold cast into
bars and ingots, and all the gold brought from
California, or imported from elsewhere, will be j
east into bars and wgots. I
What the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Biilt] |
says is undoubtedly true, that it will be more con-
venient for the banks; it will be more convenient
for the brokers; it will be more convenient for ex-
portation; and it can be procured at a cheaper rate.
The consequence will be, as certain as effect fol-
lows cause, that there will be no coinage for cir-
culation among the people. None of this fifty or
sixty millions of gold which comes into the coun- i
try every year will be converted into coin.
But another consequence will follow: This gold
which is cast into bars and ingots will bear a dif-
ferent value in the market from the coin, from the
fact that it costs a different price to reduce the
original article of the same value and form into
the forms to which they are respectively to be
brought. The consequence will be that these
bars and ingots will be at a premium in the mar-
ket above the coin of the country, because it will
cost less to produce them. Wnat will then fol-
low? Why, sir, every dollar of the gold and sil-
ver of the country will be in the hands of the bro-
kers, bankers, and exporters, and none of this
immense amount which is now brought into the
country every year will be coined and go into the
circulation of the country among the people. If
this amendment is to prevail in any form—and I ,
do not know but it should prevail in some form— '|
there should be inserted in it the word "coin,"so ,
that the same principle may apply to all. There
is no propriety in the Government making a
profit out of the coinage of the gold of the coun-
try; and if there is any propriety in this provision
attaching to ingots, bars, and disks, why the same
rule should apply to the coin.
Mr. DUNHAM. I simply wish to state to the
House that the seigniorage provided for in the !
other bill does not equal the actual expense of
making the coin.
A Member. It does more than that in Califor-
nia.
Mr. DUNHAM. But take them all together,
it does not.  
Mr. SACKETT. All I wish to say is, that the
same rule should be made to apply to all; whether
it does or not, I am not able to say. If there is to
be a difference made, then plainly the original
amendment should not prevail. If there is to be
no difference, then I have no objection to it. But
I repeat, if there is to be a difference made, the
Senate amendment should not prevail.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that this
committee do now rise, with a view of terminating
this debate.
The question was put, and the motion was
agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose, and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, the Chairman (Mr.
Hall) reported that the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union had, according to order,
had the state of the Union generally under con-
sideration, and particularly the bill of the House
(No. 335) " to supply deficiencies in the appro-
priations for the service of the fiscal year ending
the 30th of June, 1853," and had come to no
resolution thereon.
Mr. HOUSTON. I submit the following reso-
lution, and upon its adoption I call the previous
question:
Resolved, That all debate in the Committee of the Whole
House on the state of the Union on the bill of the House j
(No. 3%) to supply deficiencies in the appropriation* (bp !
the service of the fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 1853, !
eliall cease in five minutes alter its consideration shall
again be resumed, (if the committee shall not sooner come to
a conclusion upon the same,) and the committee shall then
proceed to vote on soch amendments as may be pending,
or offered to the sane, and shall then report it to the House,
with such amendments as may have been agreed to by the
committee.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered to be put.
The question was then taken, and the resolution
was adopted.
Mr. HOUSTON. I now move that the rules
be suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
The question was put, and the motion agreed
to.
So the rules were suspended.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the J
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Hall in the chair,) and resumed the
consideration of the deficiency bill, the pending
question being upon the adoption of Mr. Dun-
ham's amendment to the Senate amendment.
Thfe qutesiioft wts then taken upon Mr. Dun-
ham's amendment to the Senate amendment; and
it was agreed to.
Mr. THOMAS M.HOWE. I move to amend
further, by adding the following:
And the said silver coins shall he a lawful tender in pay-
ment of all debts; and shall be,convertible into gold eoiri,
aT The option of the holder, whenever presented at the Mint
of the United Stales in sanut of not lew than Ave dollars:
Jlnd provided further, That said silver coins shall not be
alloyed by any other metal below the standard of the pres-
ent silver coinage of the United States.
Mr. Chairman, I do not propose, at this late
period of the session, to detain the, committee
even to occupy the five minutes to which, under
the rules, I am entitled. In the bill which you
have lately passed—a bill regulating the silver
coinage of the United States, which, as I under-
stand it, is to supply the deficiency in the cir-
culating medium of the country for the fractions of
the dollar—you have provided that it shall only
be made a legal tender in payment of debts ofless
than live dollars. Now, sir, if this is intended to
accommodate the trade of the country, this small
coin should be made a legal tender for all sums of
whatever amount, and not limited to debts ofless
than five dollars. I propose, therefore, by this
amendment, to carry out this idea, and make the
silver coin of the country, of whatever denomina-
tion, a legal tender in payment of debts of what-
ever amount. I have proposed it in order to pre-
vent any hardship.
But, sir, I promised not to detain the House
more than to briefly explain the object of my
amendment. 1 will therefore simply say that the
| section which is now under consideration confers
j upon the Secretary of the Treasury the power to
i regulate the size of the silver coin, and I propose
to provide that this coin shall be received as a legal
tender in payment of all debts, and also to provide
that he shall not have authority to alloy the silver
coin below the present standard. I think it is
perfectly competent for us to attain the object in
this manner; for if we give him the authority to
regulate the size, I think we may as well provide
what I propose. I hope the committee will adopt
the amendment.
Mr. DUNHAM. I think the amendment of
the gentleman is entirely unnecessary. The Sec-
retary of the Treasury cannot change the alloy of
this coin, for that is fixed by law.
Mr. HOUSTON. We will vote the amend-
ment down, if you will allow it to go without fur-
ther discussion.
The question was then taken, and Mr. Howe's
amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. BROOKS. I move another amendment to
this section, and I desire a vote upon it, in order
that it may go upon record. I move to insert in
the sixth line, after the word " disks," the words
"eagles, half eagles, quarter eagles and dollar
pieces;" so that that portion of the section would
then read:
" Sso. 7. Jlnd beit further enacted. That when the gold
or silver shall be4cg£tor formed into barsor ingots or disks,
no pieces as aforesaid shall be cast or formed of a less
weight than five ounces, enless they be of standard fine-
ness, and the charge for casting, or forming, or refilling
said bars, ingots, or disks, eagles, half eagles, quarter eagles
and dollar pieces shall not exceed the expense of execu-
ting."
I will not detain the committee by any remarks.
Tke question was taken, and the amendment
was not agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Ways and Means to-offeraa amendment
to this section. I move, after the word " dime,"
in the following clause, viz:
" And the HocreUry of the Treasury is hereby authorized
to regulate the size and devices of the new stiver con au-
thorized by an act entitled ' An act amendatory of existing
laws relative to the half doHar, quarter dollar, dime, and
half dime
to insert as follows, viz:
—passed at the present session; and that toproeure such
devices, as also the models, moulds, and matrices or ori-
ginal dies for the coins, disks, or ingots authorised by said
act, the Director of the Mint is empowered, with the ap-
proval of the Secretary of the Treasury, to engage tempora-
rily for that purpose the services of one or more artists, dis-
tinguished in these respective departments, who shall be
paid for sueh services from the contingent appropriation for
the Mint; and that hereafter the three cent coin now au-
thorized by law shall be made ofthe weight ofthree fiftieths
of the weight ofthe half dollar, as provided in said act, and
ofthe same standard of fineness.
Mr. BROOKS. I wish the House to have an
explanation of that.
[Cries of " Oh, no!"]
Mr. BROOKS. Wen, sir, I will only say that
this is another instance of tinkering with the cur-
rency of the country. I do not pretend to say
that it is not necessary. I presume it is. We
have begun, and it will be necessary to tinker
again and again. Now, the proposition is to tinker
the three-cent pieces. The present three-cent
pieces are worth a little more than two-and-a-half
cents, or seven hundred and fifty parts of pure
metal in the thousand. Now, it is proposed to
change it, and make it nine hundred parts in a
thousand. I think perhaps it ought to be done, in
connection with what you have already done in
this matter of coinage. But I protest against this
hasty, inconsiderate action here, when the debate
has been stopped, and in the House under the
press of the previous question. I should like to
nave it understood. It will be investigated here-
after, and it is well enough to comprehend things
as wego along. This is an important amendment,
but after what has been done in reference to this
matter, it becomes necessary to do something more,
and it will be necessary to do something hereafter.
Mr. TOOMBS. I desire to say a word in reply
to the gentleman from New Yorrk, [Mr. Brooks,]
who is complaining here and in the newspapers as
if you had done something monstrous to the cur-
rency of the country. Now, sir, I say that in
reference to what the House has done in this mat-
ter, the gentleman has shown himself profoundly
ignorant upon the subject. The bill will answer
the purpose of the country well, although it may
not answer the brokers in Wall street. It has
