922
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 28,
put the silver currency of the country unon a
basis where you wll see it in general circulation in
less than twelve months. I know that g-nitienieii
who do not understand this business have repre-
sented in the newspapers that we have, under ihe
pressure of the ptevious question, run aw ly with
everything they do not happen to agree with.
That is the whole amount of the story.
.Mr. SKELTON. I simply desire to say that
I hope the committee will vote down all these
amendments. They are entirely unnecessary,
and will do more harm than go id.
Mr. HOUSTON. This amendment is very
essential.
Mr. SKELTON. I regard them all as entirely
unessential and unnecessary. I hope the House
will vote them all down.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment was agreed to.
Mr. BROOKS. I propose, pro furmn, an addi-
tional item, "that no change shall hereafter be
m>.de in any silver coin except the three-cent
pieces."
Mr. Chairman, if I have manifested the pro-
found i^n ranee which the gentleman from Geor-
gia [Mr. Toombs] has manifested, I should be
quiie ashimed of myself; for he is undoing to-day
the work he did on the seigniorage act the other
day, and thus correcting hn own ijnorance by
his own action. The Senate of the United States
hastened to correct a rash and bfcd law his vote
aided to pass, and here he is to-day amending his
own act and confessing his own ignorance. The
coinage and seigniorage act which this House
passed a few days ago under the previous question,
and which the gentleman from Georgia voted for, 1
imposed a seigniorage of one half of one per cent,
on bars, ingots,and disks of gold cast at the Mint;
but this amendment here repeals that part of the
act—a most lm portant part of it—nay, the very prin-
cipal of it—and here the gentleman from Georgia
is concurring in that repeal. Whatever may have
been my opinions upon this subject, ignorant or
otherwise, the Senate of the United States has
agreed with me in my action, and the gentleman
from Georgia is agreeing with me himself. Worse, '
however, was the action of gentlemen who voted
for that bill. To show that I was right in my re-
sistance, and the gentleman from Georgia did not
even know what was in the bill for which lie was
voting, I call attention again to the fact, that the
first section provides that the act shall go into oper-
ation June 1st, 1852, an ex past facto act. The
bill was passed by the Senate in March, 1852, and
by the House in February, 1853, but the House,
in its haste, under the previous question, p ssed
the same act, providing in the first section that it
should go into operation June 1st, 1852, and the
gentleman from Georgia voted for it. 1 leave the
House to judge now of the share of intelligence
between us.
It is necessary to make these remarks, Mr
Chairman, in order to show that I have not been
ignorant of the legislation of the House, though I
others have, who charge ignorance upon us who |
know what we are about. The House itself
have agreed with me, and is repealing its own
action; and I am glad to see it—for it puts the !
sanction of its authority upon my own foresight ,
the other day. I do not know what object the '
gentleman from Georgia has in making this as-
sault upon me,for I have investigated and studied
this subject probably as much as he has, if not
more, as I think time will show. At any rate, I
am willing to go to the future upon all I have
said here upon this subject, and upon all that I
have written elsewhere. The record which I have
made I shall stand by. I will not be ashamed of
it when we may hereafter meet. Let the future
judge of our action. I will at any time compare
notes with him when all these excitements on the
currency get into full play, and when in the future 1
time* develops what has been done. This is a
subject to which 1 have given a good deal of at-
tention, a good deal of study, and which I have !
laboriously investigated by consulting the author-
ities of books and the wisdom of practical experi-
ence. My aim has been to induce the House to
give the whole abstract and complicated subject a
full and fair investigation, but the mode and
mannerof doing business here lias forbidden any-
thing like discussion—anything like investiga- i
tion. A whole currency bill was passed in the I
morning hour, under the high pressure of the pre- j
vious question. I made no factious opposition tu
■such rush legislation, and if 1 have lesorted to
the newspapers, it is because, under the opera-
tion of that pievions question, 1 could not get
before the House at all. When 1 address the
public audience through the newspapers, 1 ad-
dress ten thousand times as large an audience
as ever assembled here, and an audience—with all
due deference I sav it—far better able, by its busi-
ness experience, to jodgf* of currency and coinage
than this House, if 1 desire to speak to the coun-
try, I should seldom waste breath here, for I can
speak ten times more effectually through the news-
papers than through the organization of this
House; iiiii1, with all due deference again, I prefer
the newspaper voice without to most of the debate
within. The gentleman from Georgia, then, if he
me.ins this charge of v. ritmg for a taunt, may im-
prove upon it; for, in my opinion, the newspapers ,
without have quite as much intelligence, to say the
least, as there is here within. When the previous
question was moved the other day, I resorted to
no factious opposition, I acquiesced in the hasty
action of the House, as is well known, bad as it
was. I solicited a recall of the previous question,
and I begged gentlemen to give ine an opportunity
to show to the House the errors which it had falleii
into; and when it was not in my power, owing to
the operation of the previous question, to address
the House, I resorted to the public newspapers of
the country, in order to bring my opinions before
the public. There those opinions are; and in
some future years the gentleman from Georgia
may, if he pleases, challenge me before the bar of
public opinion, to decide whether his tinkering of
1 thecurrency has been right, or whether 1 have been
wrong. I am wiirwig to meet him there; and to
that future opinion I fearlessly commit what I
have said and written on this subject of coinage,
currency, and seigniorage. Already 1 have that
verdict in part, from the sudden retreat of this
House on the very measure now before it.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DUNHAM. The remarks which the gen-
tleman has made render it necessary that I should
make some explanation in reference to this amend-
ment. The gentleman who has just taken his
seat has said that the object in trying to have the
previous question voted down the other day was
that he might press the striking out of this very
provision, which we have this day repealed, in
reference to seigniorage.
Now, the gentleman from New York very well
knows that the Committee on Ways and Means,
of which we are both members, had reported to
this House, and recommended an amendment to
change that clause in reference to seigniorage upon
bars and ingots, and to insert the very provision
which I have this day offered to the committee.
This very amendment, and every amendment
which has been offered here, was then recom-
mended by the Committee on Ways and Means,
and the House voted them down, under the pre- i
vious question; and if anybody is responsible, !
they are not those who have had this matter es-
pecially in charge, but the House itself, which i
sustained the call for the previous question, and
under the operation of it voted down all the
amendments then offered, and prevented others
from being offered.
But I think the gentleman falls into an error, a
great error, when he says that his object in seek-
ing to get the floor at that time, to speak against
the bill as it was passed, was to oppose the seignior-
age, which we have this day modified and changed,
because I believe that every single member of the
Committee on Ways and Means was in favor of
the change, and no one anticipated any opposition
to it. The gentleman certainly could not have de-
sired to come into the House and make an argu-
ment against a measure when every one of the
friends of the bill was as much opposed to the
provision as himself.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is upon the
amendment of the gentleman from New York.
Mr. BROOKS. If there is no objection, I will
withdraw the amendment.
No objection was made, and the amendment was
withdrawn.
Mr. KING, of New York. I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to go back and offer
an amendment to the clause relating to the com-
mittee on the investigation of the Gardiner claim.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object! i.
Several Members. I object! I object!
The npxt Senate amendment m older was the
folio wins';
8. ~htd he it further mailed, Thar the «um of
•$3li't.000 he pud lo Ihe StHte ol California, out of ariv mr'ncvi
in the Trea-ury not otherwise ;ippr'ipriaM'iT, ro be nppln d
to the expense- ot the ^late government prior to the admis-
sion of California into tile Union as a state."'
Mr. HOUSTON. The Committee on Wava
and Means recommend a non-concurrence in that
amendment.
Mr. McCORKLE. I move to amend that Sen-
ate amendment by striking out $300,000 and in-
serting in lieu thereof #470,000. If it is proposed
to pay any part of the expenses of the State of
California prior to her admission as a State into
the Union, and if it is right to pay any part, it is
right to |)ay all.
It is a matter of history, I suppose well known
to the honorable chairman of the Committee on
Ways and Means, and to every other member of
this House, that the Government of the United
States refused to extend the protection of the laws
of the United States over California, save and ex-
cepting her revenue laws. It is a fact well known,
that without government, without protection from
the General Government, the people of California
were compelled, from the necessity of the case, to
establish a government for themselves.
[Here a message was received from the Presi-
dent of the United States, by the hands of M. P.
Fillmore, his Private Secretary, informing the
House that he had signed certain bills of the
House.]
Mr. McCORKLE, (resuming.) Though Mr.
Polk, the then President of the United States, rec-
ommended and strongly urged in his annual mes-
sage to Congress, to establish a territorial govern-
ment in California, yet it was not done, and while
we were organizing ourown government, and sup-
porting our own officers connected with the State
government, you were at the same time collecting
taxes of us to theamount of $1,500,000. We were
compelled, I say, to pay all of our own expenses;
and if it is right and proper that you should pay
back to us a portion of the expenses thus incurred
in supporting a government which you ought to
have given us, and which you have always given
to every other Territory, it is right and proper
that you should pay all.
We claim—and the people of California have in-
structed us upon that subject—that all of this money-
collected prior to the extension of your revenue
laws over us, and prior to our admission as a
State into the Union, should be refunded, because
it was collected without authority of law. We
were taxed without a representation upon this
floor, and that money properly and justly belongs
to the people of California.
The people of California instructed us upon this
subject as follows:
"Resolved by the Senate and Assembly, That we deeply
regret that Congress has so long delayed in refunding ro the
State of California moneys collected in her ports, and trmn
the honest industry of her citizens, previous to her admis-
sion into the Federal Union.
"Resolve,!. That we consider the fund heretofore known
as the ' civil tund ol California,'to be the property ot'this
State, and that any other application of it by the General
Government we hold to be unjust and ungenerous. Taxa-
tion without representation is a principle always repudiated
by the American people.
" Resolved, That our Senators be instructed and our Rep-
resentatives requested to continue all honorable exertions
to procuie from Congress the recognition ot our rights to Hie
moneys taken from us by llie General Government, and an
appropriation to that effect: and that we call upon our sifter
States to seethat this act ofjustice i- performed towards th«
youngest of the Republic.
••Repaired, Tlmt the Governor be requested to presentto
our Senator-* and Representatives each aeopyot'ihe fore-
going resolutions."
California, sir, claims all of this civil fund. We
claim it upon principle and right, and I would in-
troduce an amendment to that effect here, but
that I do not think it properly in order,and there-
fore I confine myself to this simple amendment.
Mr. MEADE. I would ask the gentleman if
California does not owe us a little rent for her
lands ?
Mr. McCORKLE. We paid you last year
$80,000,000—a pretty fair rent. J
Mr. CARTTER. I am opposed to this amend-
ment, Mr. Chairman, not in a spirit to denrivs
California of what is legitimately due to her. I
am willing to go with him who eoes furthest in
the expenditure of the public money for the legiti-
mate protection and trade of that region, and my
