1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
923
votes testify to that fact. But 1 am opposed to j
this amendment, for the reason that the rule of
relief proposed by the gentleman from California,
if there was any justice in his position, is not a
correct rule. If we are bound to maintain the
civil government, let us do it upon an estimate of
the expense of it. It is not true, whatever may
have been the relations of her Legislature to us,
that California is entitled to the customs fund.
That inures to the benefit of no State or Terri-
tory, and never has since the organization of the
Federal Constitution; and the pretense that the
money belongs to them is without the authority
of law, and has no foundation in equity.
But, sir, I deny the proposition that the Federal
Government left them without protection. We
expended millions in furnishing the only protec-
tion of a political character that the nature of the
circimi stances would permit. We gave them of-
ficers, and an army to protect them at an infinite
cost, as the balance-sheets of the Treasury will
show. Now, by what kind of mathematics is it
that California sets up a title to the revenue there?
They paid it as the Federal citizen pays his taxes
everywhere. It was in no sense distinguishable
from the performance of the duty due by the citi-
zens remaining at home. It was to support the
Federal Government, and if it was entitled to this
fund, what kind of measure of relief is it to claim
the whole of it? They make no exhibit of thtir
expenses as distinguishable from the Federal ex-
penses. It constitutes no criterion of judgment j
whatever, and it would amount to a naked dona-
tion if it were rendered up to them. I cannot see
any view of the subject that will justify the amend-
ment.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was disagreed to.
Mr. McCORKLE. I rise to increase the ap-
propriation to $470,000. That is the actual amount
of money which was expended for expenses of
the Government prior to the admission of Califor-
nia as a State into this Union, as shown by the
estimates of the State officers. The gentleman
states that the revenue collected in California prior
to the extension of the revenue laws, belongs to the
National Treasury. Has that money ever passed
into the National Treasury ? No, sir; not one dollar
of it. The Secretary of the Treasury properly
refused to receive it. It was collected without the
sanction or authority of Congress, and there was
no law authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury j
to receive it. You commenced in California when
four hundred native born American citizens were
fighting there under your flag to levy military con-
tributions alike upon them and the enemy. You !|
continued those contributions during the war and
after it had closed, and in this way the money
known as the " civil fund" was raised. You had
no collector there by authority of law. Your offi-
cers imposd this military comribtition on Ameri-
can citizens when they had no benefits of your
Government, and this money has never been paid
into your Treasury. It was expended to support
your army and navy, which were there, out of
funds, while the four hundred men constituting
the California battalion did good service during
the war, and, in fact, before your flag was un-
furled, conquered the whole northern portion of
the State, and had driven every Mexican out of it,
and before your own soldiers had touched the
shores of the Pacific, and have not, as yet, received
one dollar of compensation for their services.
When your army and navy did arrive, and
news of the war with Mexico was received, they
enlisted under your banner, and it never trailed in
the dust where they fought. No, sir; the people of
California insist on this as a matter of right, that
this " civil fund," collected in violation of law and
of all principle, shall be paid back to the State treas-
ury. 1 do not, by this amendment, seek to get
any part of this fund now. The proposition that f j I
now make and submit, is, that this Government
having entirely failed, refused, and neglected to
give the people of California a territorial gov- |,
ernment, are bound to pay the expenses of the |'
government which necessity compelled us to form .
for ourselves. You have always paid the ex- ;
penses of the government of Territories prior to |
their admission into the Union as States. You, j
therefore, in justice, by honor and precedent, are |
bound to pay the expenses of the government of
California prior to her recognition by you as a
State, and her admission into the Union. The
| claim of California for the "civil fund" is a sep-
i arate and distinct one, and has no connection
| whatever with the amendment which I have of-
fered.
J Mr. HIBBARD. The gentleman from Cali-
fornia claims that this money is due, because the
Government of the United States, as he says, ille-
gally collected some $400,000 of revenue in that
State before the organization of the State govern-
ment, while she was under military rule. Now,
sir, it strikes me, on the statement of the facts
presented here by the claimants themselves, it is
plain in any view of the question that this money
is not due to California. Remember that this is
a claim for the State, and not for the individuals
who paid the money. This revenue was collected
rightfully or wrongfully. If collected according
to law—and I believe that it was legally collected—
it belongs to us. It is all right as it is. If it were
illegally collected, it belongs to those men from
whom it was wrongfully exacted. That I hold
to be a clear and plain proposition. If it has been
imposed without right, weought to refund it to the
importers who have paid it, let them reside where
they will. Their names are all upon your Gov-
ernment books, and they can institute suits and
recover back these moneys from your revenue
officers, as in other cases where duties are illegally
collected. Comparatively few of them lived in
California. They are upon the Atlantic coast and
in the interior. They are scattered in the various
portions of the* Union. It makes no difference
where they are, whether in California or out of
it, the money belongs to, them as individuals, upon
the hypothesis of gentlemen who advocate this
claim. There is no pretense that it was taken
from the State of California, or that one cent of it
ever belonged to her. Should we go on in this
absurd, I would say this insane course, of paying
this money to the State of California, you will
have to pay it over again. By this act you would
admit that it was illegally collected, and then these
individuals would come upon you for it, and they
would get it, too, with interest added.
Mr. MARSHALL. I rise to a point of order
to stop irrelevant discussion. Nobody is attempt-
ing to have the money we say was improperly col-
lected from California restored. Nobody has of-
fered an amendment having that in view. The
amend men t of my colleague is, that $470,000, which
was the amount of the actual expense of the terri-
torial government, should be given us, instead of
$300,000 proposed in the bill. We are asking this
on a different principle, and not out of any special
fund, but out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated. This whole question, as
to what we technically call the civil fund in Cali-
fornia, is not in order. No such question is at all
raised.
' Mr.HlBBARD. I must call the gentleman to
aider. H« has no right to argue his question of
order. •
Mr. MARSHALL. I am not arguing the
question, but stating it,as I have a right to do.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
question of order raised by the gentleman from
California.
Mr. HIBBARD. Thegentleman from Califor-
nia [Mr. McCorkle] himself assigned as a foun-
dation for his argument, that the civil fund, as he
is pleased to call it, was illegally collected in Cal-
ifornia. Because this revenue has been collected
illegally, it is argued as a reason why we should
pay it back.
We have had this same proposition before us in
another form long before. It is an old acquaintance.
It has heretofore been urged by thegentleman,
[Mr. Marshall,] eloquently and ably, as he urges
everything. No man has a better faculty of
making the wrong appear the better side than my
friend from California who last spoke. We have
been urged to repay this sum to California here-
tofore in a separate bill. But now, instead of
coming forward and asking that in terms, they
ask us to repay that money out of the Treasury,
because, it is said by the gentleman from Califor-
nia, [Mr. McCorkle,] this sum was illegally col-
lected. I submit that this, if true, is no reason
for its repayment. But I do not admit the gen-
tleman's assumption that this proceeding was ille-
gal. The money was properly and legally col-
lected in the outset. We have done no wrong to
California or her citizens in this matter. They
went upon our territory of our own account. The
United States protected them by a military gov-
ernment until another could be formed. We sent
an army and a navy there at great expense. We
did all we were called upon to do—all that we
ought to have done. As a necessary incident of
the government established there, we collected
j those duties from the traders at her ports. But
the gentleman [Mr. Marshall] says we are
, bound to pay this amount to defray the expense
J of the territorial government. I am aware of no
1 precedent that calls on us to defray the expenses
of this incipient political organization in the State
of California. It was voluntarily formed by her
people, at their own instance, for their own benefit,
and should be at theirown risk and cost. I think,
sir, we have not been unjust to California. Far
from it. It has been just the reverse. We have
been liberal to her—profusely so. But the cry is
still, "Give!" "Give!" It seems to me, at times,
that nothing would satisfy this call for appropria-
tions but a course of measures which would di-
vert the whole revenue of the nation to the use of
this favored State—literally overturning the Treas-
ury, and pouring its contents into her overflowing
lap.
[Here the hammer fell.l
Mr. MARSHALL. I move to amend by in-
serting §450,000 instead of $300,000. Gentlemen
fall very universally and naturally into a mistake
to which, before 1 discuss this question at all, I
will call their attention. The distinction between
what California wants, what California asks, and
what California gets from the Government, is
wide and obvious, yet gentlemen do not take it.
It may be that we have tried to turn the Treasury
bottom upwards, but we have not succeeded in
shaking out a dollar. We asked for a dry-dock
but we did not get it, though we are treated as if
w'e had got it. [Laughter.] Navy-yard the same
thing, custom-house the same thing, the Mint the
same thing, everything just alike. Whenever we
ask anything, it is charged against us though we
do not get it. [Laughter.]
Now, about this money we have been led off
by an utterly false issue, and I would call back
the attention of the committee to the true question,
which can be stated in as little time as I have left.
We do not want $300,000 paid out of any partic-
ularfund. We do not claim it because $1,200,000
has been extorted from us, when we were not rep-
resented in this House, or anywhere else. We
do not ask " the civil /and." We are not talking
about it, and, looking to the temper that at present
prevails in the committee, I would not be the man
to speak about it. " The civil fund" has nothing
to do with the question at all. I will tell you what
we ask. The United States were bound, accord-
ing to every principle and every precedent, to
furnish California, while it was a Territory, with
some form of government or other—something that
would obviate the necessity of vigilance commit-
tees, and expedients of tbat sort. The United
States, notwithstanding this obligation, consumed
all of its time in fire-eating discussions here, and
they did not give us a government of any kind.
! Well, we had to have some sort of government.
We did frame some sort of government, which
, cost us $470,000, and it answered our purpose
very well.
The United States have always paid the ex-
penses of the territorial governments in every
State; and the argument is simply this, and the
conclusion is irresistible, that, if we were by the
neglect of the country driven to institute a gov-
ernment in place of the territorial government the
United States gives every one else, she is bound
to pay the expenses of the substitute. Thati.s the
proposition, and it is, 1 think, a very intelligible
one. TheUnited States was bound to have done
what we did at our own cost. She has paid for
the same thing in every other State of the Union,
and therefore we ask that she will pay for it in
our State. No proposition can be capable of
being made more perfectly clear than this by its
very statement. If we had never paid without law
a single cent, as in fact we have paid f1,200,000,
called the "civil fund," we would have been
none the less entitled to this. I challenge gentle-
men to turn to any State in the Union which has
not had its territorial expenses paid by the Uni-
ted States, except California. Tlfe fact is not dis-
puted by anybody that California erected her
State government at an immense cost. She did
have to constitute this government at an expense
