924
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 28,
of $470,000, and she ought, therefore, to have
that amount now refunded to her.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I want to know
what items make up this amendment?
Mr. MARSHALL. The expenses of the Le-
gislature and the Judiciary. I have the items, but
1 did not bring them here to-day. The items com-
prise the entire expenses of the territorial and
State organization.
Mr. STEPHENS. Did not General Riley, the
agent of the United States, pay the expenses?
Mr. MARSHALL. No; nothing but the ex-
penses of the constitutional convention, which sat
at Monterey. !
Mr. STEPHENS. When? There was no j
meeting of the Legislature. j
Mr. MARSHALL. It was not the expenses ;
which accrued before the adoption of the State j
constitution, which we ask you to pay. It was for j
the expense of the State after the constitution was |
adopted—after the convention sat at Monterey and
adopted the constitution under which the State
now exists, and before she was admitted into the
Union as a Slate.
Mr. STEPHENS. I should like, then, to know
the items. The Legislature could have had but
one session, and this convention, whose expenses
General Riley paid, sat in November, 1849, I
believe, and California was admitted in July, 1850.
Mr. MARSHALL. The government was in
operation for more than a year before that.
Mr. STEPHENS. All expenses, as I under-
stand it, were paid by General Riley up to the
adjournment of the convention that framed the
State constitution 
Mr. McCORKLE. None were paid after the
adjournment of the constitutional convention.
Mr. MARSHALL. I will explain to the gen-
tleman from Georgia. The time between which the
convention closed and the time the State was ad-
mitted into the Union was about nine months.
During that time there was a Legislature in session,
and the judiciary, and the whole machinery of
State government was in operation.
Mr. STEPHENS. I will state to the gentle-
man that I am willing to vote for all the legitimate j
expenses of that State after the adoption of her
constitution, and before she was admitted into the
Union as a State, for I think it is right that it
should be done. All I want is correct information ,
as to the amount of the actual expenses incurred—
what for the Legislature, what for the Judiciary,
and so forth. Whatever is right I am willing to
allow, but 1 dislike to vote a round sum without I
knowing what it is specifically for. J
Mr. MARSHALL. I had no idea that the |
discussion of this subject would have taken the |
turn it has, or I should have been prepared with
an exact statement of each of the items upon which
the Senate committee have based this section.
They have cut off $100,000 already. The official
records showthat the expenses were $470,000 ex-
actly, but the Senate, for some reason, have cut
them down to $300,000. I am ready to produce
the estimates, and satisfy anybody how the thing
stands.
Mr. STEPHENS. I think that these expenses
must have been very extravagant to run up to '
$470,000 in nine months. The expenses of the
State of Georgia are only about $250,000 per an-
num. I should be unwilling to make an extrava-
gant allowance, but I am willing to vote what is
a fair allowance for the expenses during that
time.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. MEADE. I move to strikeout all except
one dollar. This clairfi of California is one that
is addressed to our sense of equity; and let us look
at it in that pointof view. We are notobliged to
pay it, but we should pay it, if there be equity in
it. Those expenses were incurred in consequence
of the immense emigration to California after its
purchase, and before there was any government
established there under our system. Why did
these men go there without the government, of the
absence of which they now complain, and which
forms theground-work of this application? They
voluntarily put themselves in that situation. We
had not established a territorial government. We
had not invited them to settle there. Everything
was voluntarily done by the emigrants to Califor-
nia, and by no invitation upon the part of our
Government. And why did they go ? After the |
discovery of the gold mines, which induced the j
emigration to California, notwithstanding all the
disadvantages, hardships, and perils which might ,
naturally be expected, the settlers considered the
question whether those disadvantages were greater
than the advantages; if they found that they
overbalanced the former, and remained in the
country, they had no right to complain, or to de-
mand of this Government to pay their expenses.
California cost the United States $15,000,000.
They were uninvited occupants, and enjoyed the
usufruct of that country and the property there.
We yearly lost the interest upon $15,000,000, and
the question is, whether they or the Government
of the United States have a claim the one upon
the other. The use of our mines was more than
enough to compensate them for their government
expenses. The gentleman from California said
that they had sent $80,000,000 here. To whom
did that $80,000,000 belong ? Did it not belong
to them ? Did they not dig it out of our mines,
which cost us $15,000,000? Can they charge us
with the $80,000,000 unless they hand it over
to the Treasury ? It is their money, not ours.
They have realized immense fortunes, and now
appeal to us to pay them $300,000 for going to
a country to which we did not invite them, and
which was not prepared for their reception until a
government had been established. They chose
to go and encounter all the risks for the prospect
of wealth which the free use of our property
opened to them. They now come here and de-
mand repayment of the expenses of their govern-
ment between the formation of their constitution
and their admission into the Union. Who told
them to form a constitution ? They had a mditary
government, the only sort that they could have
until our system was introduced. It was a gov-
ernment imposed by necessity.
] [Here the hammer fell.]
I Mr. MARSHALL. 1 merely wish to state
! what sue the current annual expenses of the gov-
ernment of California. In order to satisfy gentle-
men that the estimates which are presented here
I are not extravagant—I have not the particular
items—the expenses of the government this pres-
ent fiscal year are estimated, exclusive of the cen-
sus which we are taking, to be $500,000; and in-
cluding the expenses of the census they will be j
. something over $900,000. We think that this sum
of $300,000, for which we ask you to make an
appropriation, is not an extravagant estimate,
when we consider that the period of time was more
than nine months, and taking into account the dif-
ference of expenses between that time and the
present. I want to congratulate myself and the
country generally that there has been found in
this House one gentleman who does take the real
true ground upon this question. I am glad to
state to the House and country that there is one
man who talks out to California at last. The hon-
orable gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Meade]
states the proposition that we went out to Califor-
nia the sons of beggars, cut-throats, vagabonds,
adventurers, to get gold,or go to the Devil, as the
case might be. If we made anything, it was very
well; and if we did not make anything, we might
get back to the places from which we started, or
stay there and be buried. The gentleman seems
utterly to forget that they are American citizens
out there; that they were a part of the most valu-
able part of the nation; that during the twenty-
nine months the people of California, the adven-
turers of whom he thinks this Government could
not properly take any sort of cognizance, were
standing between the whole commercial public
here an<T bankruptcy. Wall street, even at that
day, felt every fluctuation in the production of
gold in California with the sensibility which a
barometer exhibits to the changes in the atmo-
sphere. These outlaws, ragamuffins, adventurers,
and vagabonds; these fellows whose very exist-
ence the National Legislature has no right to re-
member or to acknowledge at all; these men who
have no claims at all; these men in whose bosoms
human hearts are hardly allowed to beat with
human feelings and sympathies; these men who
have no right to the protection of ordinary legis-
lation at all, were the very men who saved the
commercial public from bankruptcy. 1 am glad
that the proposition has been fairly stated by the
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Meade.]
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. FREEMAN. I offer the following amend-
ment:
Be it further enacted, That it is hereby made the duty
of the President of the United States to cause to be paid
into the treasury of the State of California, the amount of
the expenses of said State subsequent to the adjournment
of the constitutional convention, and up to the date of the
admission of said State into the Union.
1 agree heartily with the remarks made by the
gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Stephens,] and I
desire to express my disagreement and surprise at
the remarks of the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Meade.] He seems entirely to have forgotten
the judicial history of California. I am not at all
surprised at the remarks made by the gentleman
from California in reply to the gentleman from
Virginia. If he will refer to the treaty whereby
we acquired California, he will see that we agreed,
in that treaty, that the people of California should
be incorporated into the united States, and that
they should be protected in their lives, persons,
and property. How did Congress execute the
decree? Did they repudiate the decree? They
refused to give the people of the United States,
within that territory, the common protection due
to citizens of the United States. Independent of
that, we are bound to pay the expenses of the gov-
ernment from the time of the constitutional con-
vention until they were admitted into the Union
as a State. Did not the Executive Departments
I here send out a mission to California, and cause
that constitutional convention to be held? Did
not the Government of the United States, the
Executive Department of this Government, call
into existence, not the territorial government
of California, but the constitutional government?
Sir, the history of the transaction shows that they
did. We were responsible for the constitution of
California. The Government of the United States
established a constitution there. It was formed
under their patronage and under their authority,
and Congress sanctioned it by admitting the State
into the Union. Now, between the time when
the constitutional convention rose, and the time
when the State was admitted into the Union,
1 there was a lapse, the expenses of which this
Government is bound to pay. 1 appeal to the
I judicial judgment of the gentleman from Virginia,
I and ask him if he does not at once see the force
of this proposition? We are doing injustice to
California. The only question, as was well stated
by the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Stephens,]
is, what were the expenses of California from
the time when the constitutional convention rose
i till she was admitted into the Union? We paid
j the expenses of that convention, and nobody
grumbled at it. You commenced by paying the
! expenses incurred informing the constitution, and
j now you turn round and say," We did not ask you
to go there. You wentout on yourown hooks."
Why, I am utterly amazed at the argument of
the gentleman from Virginia. He certainly did
not speak with his ordinary prudence and discre-
] tion on a subject of this character. I ask him, in
all kindness, to take up the treaty we made with
Mexico, and then consider the obligations which
we owe to the American citizens under the consti-
[ tution of California, which was framed under the
' authority of the Federal Government.
j [Here the hammer fell.]
j Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. I desire to obtain
; some information, upon which will depend my
i vote. If I rightly understand the facts of the case,
i in November, 1849, California framed a State con-
stitution, and formed a State government, and
there has been no organization of a State govern-
i ment since her admission into the Union. Now,
I suppose myself that the State government of
California dates its existence from the adoption of
that constitution.
I do not know what the precedents are, but
there must be precedents upon this question. If
my recollection is correct, the State of Michigan
formed a constitution and organized a State gov-
ernment some months before she was admitted
j into the Union. Now, I want to know if the ex-
1 penses of the government of Michigan during that
interval were paid by the Federal Government?
If it has been the practice of the Government to
pay such expenses, those of California ought to
be paid.
i Mr. TOOMBS. I can answer the gentleman's
!j question. The territorial government continued
1 in that case until the admission into the Union.
