1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
925
But the case of California ia not analogous. There,
there was no regular government. I
Mr. STANTON, Michigan organized a State !
government before she vaa admitted into the
Union.
Mr. TOOMBS. It did not go into operation,
however, until after her admission. She had a
territorial government.
Mr. STANTON. If in the past history of the
admission of new States, it has been the practice
of the Federal Government to pay the expenses
of the State or territorial government up to the
dateof admission, California ought to be paid this
sum. But if we have only paid the expenses of
the territorial government, and not of the period
intervening between the formation of a State gov-
ernment and the admission into the Union, then
it ought not to be paid.
Mr. FREEMAN. I modify my amendment,
by inserting the words—
To be pud out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I desire to sug-
gest a modification to the gentleman's amendment.
Mr. MEADE. I rise to a question of order,
and it is this, that the gentleman from Georgia
has no right to the floor to suggest a modification
of the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. MEADE. I would not object to the gen-
tleman's suggesting modifications if after they
were accepted I might make a speech against
them.
The question was thai taken on Mr. Free-
man's amendment, and it was rejected.
Mr. MEADE. 1 move to strike out the whole
appropriation except two dollars. I would not
detain the committee by any speech upon this
subject, if I did not think that an important prin-
ciple was involved. If I understand the history
of California in connection with this subject, it is
this: On the very day that her citizens adopted
the constitution which made her a sovereign and
independent State, she appointed also delegates to
Congress, with instructions to apply for admission
into the Union; and those delegates were subse-
quently admitted. Now, sir, there is no prece-
dent for that, and we should consider well before
we undertake to make one that will compel us
hereafter to refund the expenses of State govern-
ments which may be irregularly formed out of the
immense tracts of territory that are yet to be con-
stituted into States.
Now, Mr. Chairman, there is but one case at
all in point to the present, and that is the case of
the State of Texas. Texas was admitted into the
Union after she had formed her State constitution j
and become a sovereign State. There was no ap-
plication from Texas to pay the expenses of her
government from 18% to 1845, when she was ad- ,
mitted into this Union. I
Mr. MARSHALL. Texas waa not a part of
the territory of the United States prior to her ad-
mission into the Union, but an independent, sov-
ereign State.
Mr. MEADE. California, when she was re-
fused a territorial government by the United States,
had a right to establish a government for her own
protection, and she asserted that right when she
framed her constitution. The very refusal on the
part of this Government to give her a territorial
government conceded to her people the natural
right—the privilege of protecting themselves by
a voluntary association—to frame a constitution.
When that constitution was framed and adopt-
ed by her people, they were as independent and
sovereign as were the Colonies when they framed
the Constitution in 1787. She waa then a sorer- '
eign and independent State. While she belonged j
to us as a Territory, it was oar duty to pay her
expenses. We did even more than that. We
gave her abetter government than the insecure,
unstable government which she had lost. We
gave her, it is true, a military government; but it
was one which protected her people. She became
a sovereign and independent State as soon as she
adopted her constitution; and as a sovereign State
■he came here, like Texas, asking for admission :
into this Union, and we admitted her. What
right, then, has she to say that we are bound to ,
pay those expenses which she incurred' during the !
twelve months previous to her admission, after J
she had emerged from her territorial condition ? I
But I am not for dealing hard with the people
of California. 1 do not call them robbers or out-
laws, or say they are not entitled to the sympathy
of the world. 1 consider them the most enterpris-
ing of our population. There was a boldnessand
daring in the act of emigration, evincing a spirit
for adventure and enterprise which proved them
to be men of the very best mould. But, at the
same time, I say that they have been repaid a
hundredfold. They have possessed and enjoyed
property. It has made them millionaires.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I conceive that
there is no analogy whatever between the case of
Texas and that of California, as the gentleman
from Virginia haa argued. Texas held all her
public domain. The people who settled that coun-
try went there and established their independence,
and came into this Union as a distinct, independ-
ent State, with large possessions of public lands,
all of which she continued to hold.
Now, sir, 1 do not argue with the gentleman
aa to the extent of the irregularities he mentions,
touching (he admission of California into the
Union. I believe that the people of this country
who went over to California had a right, when no
government was given them, to establish one for
themselves. They, however, when they came
into this Union, were stripped of the public do-
main; Texas reserved all that. Here, then, is a
wide distinction between the State of California
and the Slate of Texas. Sir, I do not hold the
idea advanced by the gentleman, that the people
on the territory of tin United States must come
and get permission of this Government before they
can frame a constitution for their own government.
I do not believe, if you look to the principle in this
matter, that you have got any constitutional right
to clothe the people on the territory of the United
States with power to frame a constitution. 1 be-
lieve that it is at war with the whale genius of our
Federal Constitution. I know the precedents have
been the other way. But the people of California
did what I believe they had a right to do, and it
was a question for the Representatives in Con-
gress here whether they should admit the State or
reject her.
Mr. MEADE. Have the people of Oregon or
Nebraska a right now to frame a constitution and
establish themselves independent of the United
States?
Mr. STEPHENS. If they were to do it, it
would be for us to soy whether we would admit
them into the Union or not. They may, and it is
their right to establish a constitution any day; but
it is a question addressed to the discretion of Con-
gress whether we shall admit such a people as a
State of the Union or not.
Mr. MEADE. I ask the gentleman from Geor-
gia if H has not been our habit heretofore to with-
draw ourjurisdietion fraen the Territories, and thus
give them opportunities of beeoming (States, with
the permission thai they shall become States when
they frame constitutions? But before they have
become States, our jurisdiction has been with-
drawn altogether
Mr. STEPHENS. Of course, I know what the
precedents have been; but I say that if you go
down to the foundation and the correct principles,
which as an original question should govern the
case, the people of California acted according to
these correct principles of our Constitution. It
was, in my opinion, never the intentiAr ofthefra-
mers of our Constitution that the Federal Govern-
ment should establish territorial go vernments.
Mr. CLINGMAN. 1 desire to ask the gentle-
man from Georgia a question. If the people had
a right to make a State government, and did make
a valid State government, and we have sanctioned
it by our legislation, on what principle have we a
right to pay the expenses of that State govern-
ment?
Mr. STEPHENS. I will say to the gentle-
man that I do not put it upon any right of Cali-
fornia to demand, or any obligation on us to pay.
I propose to be liberal to this people. I do not
say that I would give it to them ex debito jutltiut,
but 1 would grant it ex gratia. I am willing to be
liberal to California, and that is the ground upon
which I put it. I do not say that California has
the right to demand this of us, but I say I will be
as liberal to her as I have been to the other new
States of this Union, wherewe have control of the
public domain. I will be as liberal to her as I
I have been to others; and I now give notice to the
committee, that ifthis amendment is voted down,
I will offer the amendment which I hold in my
hand, and which I now send up to the Clerk's
desk, and ask to have read in my five minutes.
The amendment was read as follows:
Be it further enacted, That the Secretary of the Treas-
ury audit and pay the actual expenses incurred and paid
by the government of California after the adjournment of
the convention which framed her constitution, and up to
the time ot her admission into the Union, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated: Provided, The
same have "not been heretofore paid.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was then put, and the amendment
to the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. MILLSON. Mr. Chairman, I desire to
offer an amendment, for the purpose of saying a
few words upon this subject.
Mr. POLK. I thought the gentleman from
Georgia offered an amendment.
Mr. STEPHENS. I could notofFer my amend-
ment when I had the floor, because another was
already pending. I will suggest, however, to the
gentleman from Virginia, that if he will permit
me to offer an amendment now, he can make his
remarks in opposition to it.
Mr. MILLSON. I have no objection to that.
I will yield the gentleman the floor for that pur-
pose.
Mr. STEPHENS. I now submit the amend-
ment which has just been read.
Mr. MILLSON. I am as ready as the gentle-
man from Georgia to display liberality towards
California, but I protest against the ground upon
which gentlemen have placed this claim. 1 would
infinitely prefer granting to California the whole
civil fund rather than adopt the amendment just
§roposed by the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr.
tephens,] because I conceive it to be setting a
precedent wholly at war with the genius of our
Confederacy. Sir, I agree with the gentleman
from Georgia that it is not by the act of the Gen-
eral Government that the people of a Territory
becsme a State of this Union.
Mr. STEPHENS. 1 did not say that.
What did the gentleman
I said they might form a
Mr. MILLSON.
"lir. STEPHENS.
constitution.
Mr. MILLSON. Well, sir, when they form
a constitution and become a State, it is by their
own sovereign volition. When they become a
people and power of the earth, it is not in virtue
of any grant or dejegation of sovereignty from
Congress. Congress may refuse to recognize the
people of a Territory as a sovereign State. It may
refuse to receive them into the Union as a State.
But when their sovereignty is recognized—when
they are received into the Union, they come in as
a people deriving their sovereignty from their own
i act and will, and not from any other source.
It is for that very reason that .1 protest against
the idea that when a people have once determined
to become a State, as the people of California did,
and when their sovereignty was afterwards recog-
nized, as it was, by Congress, that they are to be
regarded bb still under the pupilage of the Gov-
ernment of the United Stales, and subject to the
control of the Congress of the United States. I
say that when California was admitted into the
Union, she was admitted as a State that had be-
come a State at the time of the adoption of her
constitution. The State of California was not
manufactured by Congress—she was a State be-
fore she was admitted into the Union, or she could
ne"er have been admitted at all; for it was only
as a sovereign State that she was competent td
enter into the Federal compact with the other
States.
I just now suggested a precedent which occurred
at an early period in the history of our coun-
try. I allude to the State of Missouri, which, in
consequence of some objection to her constitu-
tion, as in the case of California, did not come
into the Federal Union for some twelve months
after the formation of her Constitution. What,
then, was the condition of Missouri? Were her
State expenses paid by the Federal Government?
Did Congress ever make any appropriation for
the expenses of her State or territorial govern-
ment during the time ? Without having any posi-
tive knowledge upon the subject, I undertake to
say that no such appropriation was ever made,
Mr. MARSHALL. Will the gentleman state
