926
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 28,
some positive information upon the subject, and
 £M\e us with a shadow ? My opinion is other-
Mr. MILLION. I cannot state from any posi-
tive knowledge, but from the case itself I am sure
v wis fint so: and without any positive information,
( midert ike to say that the expenses of the State
government of Missouri were not and could not
hav> ;>ren paid by the General Government.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi. Well, if her
expenses were not paid, if this bill passes then
they ou^ht to be.
Mr. MiijLSOiY. Certainly. I recollect very
well a conversation I had with a gentleman many
years ago, who had been a judge in Missouri, and
tne construction he gave to the Constitution of the
United States in this respect, in a case decided by
himself, involving the peculiar position of Missouri
in the interval between the adoption of her consti-
tution and her entrance into the Union.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. FREEMAN. I desire to speak in favor
of the amendment of the gentleman from Georgia,
[Mr. SrtPHEVs.]
The CHAIRMAN. No further discussion is
in oj der.
Mr. FREEMAN. No one has spoken in favor
of this amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia has opposed it, and the Chair decides that
no further debate is in order.
Mr. FREEMAN. Our rules provide that one
speech may oe made in explanation and in favor
of an amendment, and another in opposition.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Mississippi take an appeal from the decision of the
Chair?
Mr. FREEMAN. No, sir; I will not appeal,
but I think the decision is incorrect.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. [ move that the
committee do now rise, for the purpose of going
into the House and terminating this five-minutes
debate.
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask the gentleman to al-
low the vote to be taken upon this amendment
first.
Mr. JONES. I should not be able to get the '!
fl^or then. 1 insist upon my motion.
The question was taken, and Mr. Jones's '
motion was not agreed to.
Mr. SACKETT. I have an amendment which
I desire to offer as a substitute for the amendment ■
now pending. 1 tisk the Chair whether it is not
in order?  
The CHAIRMAN. No other amendment is
in oider, in the opinion of the Chair.
Tue qne&ion now being upon the adoption of
Mr. Stephf.nVs amendment—
Mr. POLK demanded tellers; and Messrs.
Erk.gs and Gaylord were appointed.
The question was then put, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 41, noes 83.
So the amendment was disagreed to. I
Mr. SACKETT. I now propose the following:
amendment:
That tlie ^pcremry of the Treasury audit and pav to the
government ol California, tlie expenses of the civil admui-
i>trurion ol lirr unverimieiit from the adjournment ol lu-r
O'lnMLtiilioiKil convention to tile Utile of iier udmi^iim into ■
tlie L inun.
Mr DEAN. Will my colleague give way for
a motion that die committee do now rise?
-vlr. SACKETT. Not now.
Mr. LETCHER. I rise to a question of or-
dei. I submit that this is in substance tlie same
a* the amendment we hate just voted down.
pWA'RMAN. TheChair thinks there is
a sutiineiii distinction to make the amendment in
order.
V)' o r'F'S" ' can see no difference.
, Tlle,'e is a very great differ-
e' , ,ls a limitation upon the pending amend-
ment wlii.;!, prevents the State expenses ofCaii-
f.n ma fi Din being paid for any purpose, exceot for
the civil administration of the government. I
have heard remaiU that there are included in this
estimate the expenses of the Indian depredations,
and vanons other expenses. The effect of this
amendment i  to limit tlie appropriation strictly to
the >■ iv11 adnunistfation of her government. Now
I ,1,11 in t'.ivor of such an :i;>pr lf>u, ttion, forthe rea-
son that I shall state; but previous to stating that
re .son I de-are to say, that, in my opinion, this
deoate hag taken a wider range than the circum-
stances of the case would require. We all of us
recollect the time when, from the neglect upon our
part to make any provision for the organization of
California, the people of that country found it
necessary to estaniish a provisional government
for themselves. Do any of us doubt that when
some fifty or a hundred thousand of our own citi-
zens had emigrated to the Territory of California,
some four or five thousand miles from the inhab-
ited portion of this country, that a contingency
had arisen when it was necessary for that people
to provide themselves with some sort of a govern-
ment? There was no time for them to wait then
for Congress to establish a territorial govern-
ment there. A contingency arose, when, from
circumstances to which I need not here recur, it
was impossible for the original confederacy to
provide for them. It was therefore such a contin-
gency as never before had arisen perhaps in the
settlement of the country, and may never again
arise. But it did arise, and now are we going to
establish such a precedent as the gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Millson] contended for? 1 ask if
it is proper, if it is just, when such a contingency
did fairly arise, for this Government to refuse to
pay the legitimate and proper expenses of a portion
ofourown citizens in providing themselves against
the calamities of which many people have "fallen
victims ? That is the whole question. ;
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. Mr. Chairman,
it occurs to me that there is some confusion of !
ideas in the minds of members in respect to what
constitutes a State. I agree that California, after
the formation of her constitution and before her
admission into the Union, was in one sense a
State. That is, they were a community with an j
organized government, theauthority of which they
recognized. She was a State precisely as our Ter- j
ritories are States. They are frequently included
in our laws under the designation of States. They
; are spoken of in the ordinance of '87 as new
States. But until their admission into the Union
j they are not one of the United States. So it was
with California. I am not going into the question
of the regularity of the formation of the consti- ;
tution of California; my own opinion has been
that it was instigated by Executive dictation, but
] do not mean to go into that question. Although
after her constitution was formed and adopted, as
I have said, she was in one sense a State; she
certainly was not one of the United States, nor
yet, as to them, a foreign State. California did
not become one of the United States until she was !
admitted, through her representatives, into the
Union. Her admission was necessary to make
her one of the United States. Shewas before that
an inchoate State, as far as our Confederacy was
concerned, remaining to be brought into full life,
in that respect, by the action of the General Gov-
ernment in her admission into the Union; and until
they were admitted by the act of Congress into
the Union they were not one of the United States,
and up to the moment that they were admitted
into the United States as a member of this Con-
federacy, and thus became one of the independent
members of our constitutional compact, it was no
more a State than one of our territorial govern-
ments is a State.
It is true that California met in convention and
framed her constitution, while the constitutions of
the Territories are sent to them from this nlace
n,-.*   • i_ i . * *
_   w... J1..1H uiw |jidi f,
Hut my own opinion has always been, that it was
the tacit Consent ot the people of those Territoues
which has given validity to those governments,
by taking and conferring offices under those gov-
ernments. They have acquiesced in what we have
; done,and thus adopt it; and it is the action of their
people, and not of this Government, that makes
: them a State; for the only legitimate foundation
of a government, according to our theory, is the
1 consent of the governed. I have no hesitation,
, therefore, in saying, upon every principle, that
until tins people were admitted into the Union,
■ every legitimate and proper expense which they
! incurred in governing themselves, is as properly
' a charge upon the Pederal Treasury as the ex-
! penses of any of the rest of ourTerri'ories. I am
■ surprised to hear the opinions of some gentlemen
I expressed here to-day, who resisted the admission
1 of California into the Union. If she was a State
regularly formed; if she was a full-grown State,
rising from the irround like Minerva^ full armed,'
upon what principle was it that her admission into
the Union was resisted ? It was because she was,
in my opinion, even after the formation of her con-
stitution, still a Territory of the United States that
I resisted her admission into the Union. I be-
lieved her constitution had been irregularly framed,
and that the convention was got up, and after it
had been convened, controlled by improper influ-
ences. And so believing, I could not by my vote
do anything to sanction it as her admission with
that constitution would have implied.
i [Here the hammer fell.]
.. The CHAIRMAN. The question is upon the
i i amendment of the gentleman from New York.
Mr. SACKETT. I call for tellers on the
amendment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Gaylord
and Hibbard were appointed.
The question was taken, and the tellers reported
—ayes 41, noes not counted.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. STANLY. I move that the committee
rise, in order to enable me to close debate upon
this bill.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose, and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, the chairman of the
committee (Mr. Hall) reported that the Commit-
, tee of the Whole on the state of the Union had,
j, according to order, had the state of the Union
I generally under consideration, and particularly
House bill No. 335, to supply deficiencies in the
appropriations for the service of the fiscal year
ending the 30th of June, 1853, and had come to
no resolution thereon.
Mr. STANLY. I move the usual resolution
i to close all debate.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I suggest to the
i gentleman from North Carolina that it will bene-
; cessary to move to suspend the rule which allows
five minutes' debate.
Mr. STANLY. I make that motion.
Mr. FREEMAN. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The question was taken, and the motion was
not agreed to.
The question recurring upon Mr. Stanly's mo-
tion, the House was divided, and the Chair an-
nounced 96 in the affirmative.
Mr. SWEETbER. I demand the yeas and
nays upon that proposition. We have been fagged
long enough. ° °
The House was divided on the demand for the
yeas and nays, and there were only 19 in the af-
firmative, when—
Mr. SWEETSER demanded tellers upon the
yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Hart and
Ashe were appointed.
The House was divided, and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 27, noes 110,
So the yeas and nays were refused.
Mr. KING, of New York. I move that the
House do now adjourn.
Several Members. Let us get through with
the bill. °
Mr. ORR. Will it be in order to move that
the House take a recess?
[Ciies of " No, no '"]
_ The question was taken on the motion to ad-
journ, and it was decided in the negative.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The SPEAKER,. The question is upon the
motion made by the gentleman from North Caro-
lina to suspend the rules.
Mr. DEAN. I ask for tellers upon that mo-
tion.
The SPEAKER. Tellers have already been
refused. There were 98 in the affirmative upon
the motion to suspend the rules, allowing five min-
utes debate. Those opposed to the motion will
rise.
The House was divided, and there were in the
negative 29.
• Su th« ruies were suspended, two thirds voting
in fhe affirmative. ®
;i Mr. STANLY. Now, I move to suspend all
j further debate upon this bill.
The question was put, and the motion was
! agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, moved to recon-
aider the vote just taken, and to lay the motion
, to reconsider upon the table; which latter motion
i was agreed to.
