1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
927
Mr. JONES. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the i
Union.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the I
Union, (Mr. Hall in the chair,) and resumed the
consideration of the deficiency bill.
Mr. MEADE. Was the amendment last of-
fered to the eighth section adopted?
The CHAIRMAN. It was not.
Mr. MEADE. Has a motion been made to
strike out the eighth section ?
The CHAIRMAN. No such motion has been
made. The question is upon a concurrence in the
Senate amendment. The committee recommended
a non-concurrence.
Mr. MARSHALL. I ask for tellers upon that
question.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Hendricks
and Watkims were appointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers
reported—ayes 51, noes 79.
So the Senate amendment was non-concurred
in.
The next Senate amendment in order was then
read, as follows:
(i Sec. 9. Jind be it further enacted, That, in the settle-
ment of his accounts, the late collector of the port of San
Francisco, in the State of California, be allowed c redit for
$5,000 advanced to J. Neely Johnson for taking the Seventh
Census."
Mr. KING, of New York, offered the follow-
ing amendment:
.ini be it further enacted, That nothing in this act con-
tained shall be so construed as to authorize the payment to
any member of thecommittee ef this House in the Corwin
and Gardiner investigation any compensation for services
on said committee, except the per diem for each day's actual
attendance on said committee.
Mr. KING. I desire to state the object I have
in offering the amendment, and I trust the House
will hear me.
Mr. SWEETSER. I call the gentleman to
order. No debate is in order.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I submit to the
Chair, that the amendment offered by the gentle-
man from New York is not germane to the amend-
ment under consideration.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the
amendment ia out of order.
Mr. KING. My object in offering it was to
speak in reply to the remarks which I am informed
were made by the gentleman from Georgia [Mr.
Stephens] this morning, when I was not in my
seat.
The question was tben taken on the amendment
of the Senate, and it was concurred in.
Mr. HOUSTON. ,1 move that A# «ORtmittee
rise, and report the bill to the House.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose, and the Speak-
er having resumed the chair, the chairman of the
committee (Mr. Hali.) reported that the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union had,
according to order, had the state of the Union
generally under consideration, and particularly the
Senate amendments to House bill No. 335, to
supply deficiencies in the appropriations for the
service of the fiscal year ending the 30th of June,
1853, and had instructed him to recommend cer-
tain amendments to the House to concur therein,
certain other amendments to amendments, with a
recommendation that they be concurred in, and
certain other amendments with a recommendation
that they be rejected.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move the previous ques-
tion upon the amendments, and I wish to suggest
to the House, for the purpose of saving time, that
as we have just passed through these amendments
with a great deal of care, that the House will take
one vote upon a concurrence in the action of the
committee.
[Cries of " Agreed !" " Agreed !"]
Mr. KING. Before the question is taken, I
ask my friend from Alabama to withdraw his call
for the previous question, to enable me to offer an
amendment. My object in desiring to offer it is,
in a very few words, to repel an imputation which
I am informed the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr.
Stephens,] when I was absent, made upon the
committee far the investigation of the Corwin and
Gardiner fraud. I am informed the gentleman
stated that compensation had been charged for
services not actually performed. I say to him,
that so far as I am concerned, his imputation is
entirely gratuitous and unfounded.
Mr. HOUSTON. I will say to the gentleman
that the amendment pending is substantially the
same as the one he desires to offer.
The previous question was then seconded, and
the main question ordered to be put.
Mr. MEADE. I would be willing to agree to
the suggestion of the gentleman from Alabama,
with one exception. I desire a separate vote upon
the amendment appropriating $10,000 for the re-
pair of the Coast Survey vessels.
The SPEAKER. Is it the pleasure of the
House that gentlemen rise in their places and des-
ignate the amendments upon which they desire
separate votes?
[Cries of " Agreed !" " Agreed !"]
Mr. MEADE. I ask for a separate vote upon
the amendment already indicated by me.
Mr. EVANS. I desire a separate vote upon
the amendment offered by the gentleman from
New York to the Senate amendment relating to
the payment for fuel and quarters for officers of
the Army serving on light-house duty.
Mr. SCHERMERHORN. I ask for a sepa-
rate vote upon agreeing to the Senate amendment
to strike out the part of the clause which relates
to the Superintendent of the Census.
The question fjrst recurred upon agreeing to the
following Senate amendment, which was to strike
out of the following paragraph the parts in brack-
ets:
" For completing the work of the Seventh Census, and to
prepare tne same tor publication, $25,000; [out of which
the Superintendent ol' tile Census shall be allowed a com-
pensation at the rate of $3,000 per annum, from the time
his salary as Secretary of the Census Board ceased.]
The question was then taken on concurring in
the action of the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union on the amendments of the Sen-
ate upon which a separate vote had not been called,
and there was a concurrence in said action.
The question now being on concurring in the
amendment of the Senate in regard to the salary
of the Superintendent of the Census,
Mr. SWEETSER demanded theyeasand nays;
which were not ordered.
Mr. FLORENCE. I demand tellers on the
amendment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Ashe and
Price were appointed.
The question was then taken and the amend-
ment was disagreed to, the tellers having reported
—ayes 64, noes 67.
The question was then stated to be on the fol-
lowing amendment:
" For repatra of vetiMia employed on the coast survey,
010,000."
-The question wM taken and the amendment
was agreed to.
The Clerk next read the following amendment,
on which a separate vote had been demanded by
Mr. Evans:
" Add in the following paragraph after the words ' light-
house duty,' the words ' under the superintendence ol the
Light House Board:'
| "For fuel and quarters for officers of the Army serving
on light house duly, the payment of which is no longer
made by the Quartermaster's Department, $2,341 27."
j The question was taken, and the amendment to
the amendment was disagreed to; there being, on
j a division—ayes 44, noes not counted.
i The amendment of the Senate was then con-
| curred in.
J Mr. HOUSTON. I move to reconsider the
I vote by which the amendments were adopted; and
I to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table,
i The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILDRICK, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as correctly enrolled bills of
the following titles; which thereupon received the
signature of the Speaker:
i S. No 227. An act for the relief of Prances E.
Baden; and
S. No. 642. An act to authorize the Secretary
of the Treasury to issue a register to the bark
May, of Baltimore.
Mr. COBB obtained the floor.
Mr. HOUSTON. I would appeal to my col-
league to yield me the fljor that I may move that
the House take a recess until half past seven
o'clock. In my opinion we ought to do «o. If
we do not proceed rapidly in the consideration of
the appropriation bills, there may be danger of
having an extra session of Congress.
PRE-EMPTION RIGHTS.
Mr. COBB. I do not know that I will again
get the floor if I now yield it. 1 have been en-
deavoring for the last three or four weeks to get
an opportunity to ask the unanimous consent of
the House to take from the Speaker's table the
bill of the House No. 74, which proposes to
graduate and reduce the price of the public lands.
Objection was made.
Mr. COBB. 1 move that the rules of the House
be suspended for the purpose I have indicated.
The question was taken, and the House refused
to suspend the rules.
JOHN RUSSELL AND CO.
Mr. PHELPS. 1 ask the unanimous consent
of the House to take up Senate bill No. 593, en-
titled " An act for the relief of John Russell &
Co.," that it may be put on its passage. It pro-
vides for the settlement of the accounts of a Gov-
ernment contractor who was engaged in the trans-
portation of military stores in New Mexico.
Mr. ORR. I object.
Mr. PHELPS. I move to suspend the rules of
the House for that purpose.
The question was taken, and the House refused
to suspend the rules.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that the
House take a recess until seven o'clock this even-
ing.
Objection was made.
Mr. JONES. I move to suspend the rules that
I may be enabled to submit that motion.
! Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I would suggest to
the gentleman from Tennessee that if we take a
reres'nobody will come back here this evening.
The question was taken, and the House refused
to suspend the rules.
> Mr. EWING. I wish to' ask a favor of the
House, as it is approaching the close of the ses-
sion, and I do not know that I shall ever be here
again. If the bill I hold in my hand is not passed,
[ know I shall not be. [Laughter.] I ask the
unanimous consent to take up Senate bill No. 544,
entitled " An act for the relief of James JefTeries
and Jeremiah M. Smith," to which there cannot
be the slightest objection, and put it on its pas-
sage.
Mr. SWEETSER objected.
i Mr. KING, of New York. I move that the
House do now adjourn.
Mr. CLEVELAND. 1 move to amend the gen-
tleman's motion, that when the House adjourns to-
i dav it be to meet to-morrow at ten o'clock, a. m.
The SPEAKER. The hour of meeting cannot
be changed except by unanimous consent.
The question was taken, and the House refused
to adjourn.
Mr. EWING. I move to suspend the rules for
the purpose I have indicated. There would be no
objection to the bill, I am sure, could I be allowed
a few moments of explanation.
The bill was read through.
Mr. CLARK. I have asked the gentleman
what was the amount of the penalties ?
Mr. EWING. A few hundred dollars for con-
tracts about which there was wrong information,
and which were bound to be enforced by a strict
construction of the law.
Mr. CLARK. What is the precise amount?
Mr. EWING. One thousand six hundred dol-
lars, or thereabouts.
The question was taken, and the rules were not
suspended, there being, on a division—ayes 66;
not two thirds.
JUDGE WATROUS.
Mr. VENABLE. I ask leave to make a report
from the Committee on the Judiciary in the case
of Judge Watrous. He desires to go home to
i Texas to resume his judicial functions, but he is
not willing to go with censure.
Mr. HOWARD. When that report is read it
will give rise to debate. There are two or three
gentlemen who wish to be heard on it.
Mr. VENABLE. I only ask that it may be
laid on the table and ordered to be printed.
There was no objection; and
Mr. VENABLE! then submitted the following
report:
The Committee on the Judiciary, to which was referred
the memorial containing charges against John C. Watrotw,
