THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
33d Congress, 3d Session.
TUESDAY, MARCH 1, 1853.
New Series....No. 59.
time but the one which has been adopted in the
Senate, that is, by amendments to the Army bill:
there is not time to pass a separate bill.
Mr. CLEVELAND. Will the gentleman from
Texas give way for a motion that the committee
do now rise?
[Cries of "No!" "No!"and "Let us rise!"]
Mr. HOWARD. I will yield the floor, that
the sense of the committee may be tested.
Mr. CLEVELAND. I more that the com-
mittee rise.
The question was put, and it was decided in the
negative.
So the committee refused to rise.
Mr. HOWARD. Now, sir, are these appro-
priations necessary? We hear a great deal upon
this floor, as well as in the other wing of the Cap-
itol, about the present condition of affairs in Eu-
rope and about our own affairs in relation to the
affairs of Europe. W^e know that this country is
mi a totally unprepared state for a war wA'th any
considerable maritime Power. Now, I am op-
posed to the general system of fortifications. I
never would so to the extent recommended by the
Secretary of War. But you must protect your
great naval depots, and your harbors of refuge,
whereyour ships take shelter in time of war when
pursued by the enemy, unless you intend to be at
the entire mercy of that enemy.
Now, my own State is not provided for in this
amendment; but I am opposed to the amend-
ment of the gentfeman from Virginia, [Mr. Bay-
lt,] for the simple reason that 1 do not wish
to open up the subject. I prefer to adhere to what
the Senate has done, because it is better to do a
little than to do nothing, and this bill provides
only forthose points which would be most im-
portant in case you had a war either with Eng-
land, France, or Spain. Without these two or
three fortifications on the Gulf of Mexico, our
whole commerce might be driven off by any con-
siderable fleet. Do you intend that the country
■hall be left in this condition ? Do you mean that
the city of New York shall be left in a condition
in which it may any day be bombarded and burnt j
to the ground by two or three considerable war- 1
steamers? If you do, yon commit, in my opin-
ion, an act of consummate folly. I think that it
is our own imperious duty to provide for places
thus exposed. So far from steam having rendered
fortifications unnecessary, every scientific man
who has spoken upon the subject, with the excep-
tion of two or three persona in the Navy, says
that it has rendered fortifications still moit,neces-
sary than before, and for the simple reason, that
previously, no considerable armed vessel could
approach our coast and attack it with success, but
now, a small vessel under steam may run into
shoal water and destroy millions of property, and
be gone before you can punish or pursue her.
Now, what do gentlemen propose here? What
is the argument against these defenses ? It is that
our institutions can protect our coast from the as-
sailment of a foreign enemy. Sir, I should like
to know what Democracy, or monarchy, or any
other form of government can do against a broaa-
side by a skillful engineer, from on board either a
sailing-vessel or a war-steamer ? The idea is pre-
posterous. Something may be said about rail-
roads. Gentlemen may say that by means of
railroads, you can precipitate millions of men on
to a given point, at a particular time. So you
may, in the course of a few days. But what is a
railroad against a fleet which is battering down a
town ? Before you can telegraph for, and collect
your men, the town is burnt down and destroyed,
and the enemy gone. Consider for a moment
what would be the disastrous result upon this
country from the destruction of the property that
is collected together in New York, Philadelphia,
or any other large city. Sir, twenty years could
not repair it, and yet its destruction may be the
^ork of an hour. Do you intend to leave these
mat emporiums, which contain the life's blood of
the commerce of our country, within the reach
and power of every small naval force?
Mr. CARTTEK. The argument that we have
59
just listened to from the eloquent gentleman from
Texas, in favor of reviving this antiquated system
of fortifications, is a familiar one. I recollect list-
ening to it three years ago in this body, when the
House of Representatives first stretched forth its
strong arm to arrest the consumption of the pub-
lic treasure in a useless devotion to this species of
appropriation. European alarms were then rung
in our ears with the same emphasis and the same
patriotic appeals as we have listened to from the
gentleman who has just taken his seat. It would
nave been supposed, from the patriotic clamor mad e
upon this floor, that Europe was about to make a
descent upon this continent, and that we were to
be laid in ruins by its bombs. Sir, it affected my
then youthful nerves in legislation. The query
arose in my mind, "Is it possible that this consti-
tutes the great center of assailment on the part of
European Powers?"
Are we really in this jeopardy ? Is it true that
the people and institutions of this country are in
Seril from the old fogy institutions of Europe ?
Tow, sir, there is - —* *-
whole argument in the matter. The whole ground
upon which the system is based is, that a fleet
coming for the purpose of taking this capital,
would run under the guns of a fort, for the pur-
P0®* of having the fun of being shot at.
Mr. BAYLY. Will the gentleman allow me to
ask him a question ? I desire to know if it would
not be a great deal better to compel them to land
a mile below Fort Washington ana march up than
it would be to allow them to run up opposite the
city itself?
Mr. CARTTER. I would not consider it a
matter of any consideration at all whether they
landed half a mile or a mile off. A force that could
take the city could take it upon a march of five
miles as well as one. Itmakes no difference. Any
force that could take the city at all, could take it
in spite of your fort. "
Mr. Chairman, the honorable gentleman from
Texas, [Mr. Howard,] in the whole of this argu-
ment, leaves entirely out of view the fact that we
have all along our coast as chivalrous and patri
Now, sir, there is a total misconception of our ; otic and fearless a body of men upon the decks of
attitude towards the European Powers. We hear our merchant marine as exists Gnon the face of
j, of wars and rumors of wars. I tell you now, and
, I seek this occasion to proclaim it, that our only
' danger to-day, upon land or upon water, is not
from any assaults from European Powers. The
I danger is from assaults from this continent. My
word for it, that so long as republican institutions
and the instrumentalities of this country will com-
promise with the terms of peace, to restrain their
hands from an interference with the antiquated
laws, and heartless and arbitrary institutions of
Europe, they will not attempt to molest us. But
our towns are to be burnt down, our coastis to be
pillaged, and all that sort of stuff. What are they
going to do with us ? How are they going to do
it ? Why, we have a militia lying along our coast
that is more formidable than any fleet that will be
built within the next century. Who and what
are they ? They are the men who man our coast-
era. They are the men who only want to mount
a long gun on a two masted schooner to interrupt
; the travel of hostile vessels to our coast. We have
a militia engirdling that Atlantic center that con-
stitutes a better fortification against the broadsides
of transatlantic enemies, than any fortification
you can erect. Who that has seen the experience
of the battles fought in 1812, can be unmindful of
this state of things? And yet we gather ourselves
up and talk about a European descent upon us.
Sir, it is a very convenient argument for the pur-
pose of shielding speculative and local and inter-
ested motives—to gather around the granite that
is to be transported and piled up in useless monu-
ments, at the people's expense.
Sir, a word now about the usefulness of these
fortifications—the service they are to render, har-
bors of refuge, protection to our ships in an emer-
gency, and so forth. Why, sir, you have got a
fort below this town—Fort Washington. The
same kind of argument was made use of for the
erection of that fort. It was asked, "Are you
going to leave your capital without the protection
of a fort?" Well, sir, that fort has to be pro-
tected by bayonets or not at all.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. Will the gentleman
allow me to suggest that bayonets did not defend
this capital ?
Mr. CARTTER. Did the fort?
Mr. BAYLY. The fort was not there. It was
placed there subsequently, on account of the ex-
perience of the Government upon this occasion.
Mr. CARTTER. Well, sir, I have no apol-
ogy for the bayonets. If they did not defend this
capital upon that occasion, they ought to have
done it.
Mr. BAYLY. If the fort had been there, Ad-
miral Gordon would never have invaded Wash-
ington.
Mr. CARTTER. Sir, did you ever travel
down the Potomac? Is there a man in this Hall
who does not know that it is just as convenient to
land an army a mile below the fort as to pass it?
What do they want to come up to the fort at all
for? To be shot at? [Laughter.] That is the
.  as exists upon the face of
God Almighty's earth, and which, in point of mag-
nitude and numerical force, are equal to any force
that can ever be brought against us. Gentlemen
talk about breaking down the barriers of approach
to our cities. Why, sir, do you suppose that
j when an enemy has traversed three thousand miles
of ocean navigation to reach our shores, we shall
| be able to keep them off by fortifications ? Look
at the history of your own achievements in the
late war with Mexico. The fortress which stood
guard to the city of Vera Cruz, and which had
i been considered for many long years as an im-
pregnable defense, fell before your American Navy
like a bauble. All they had to do was to get a
few miles beyond it and land their forces, and
attack the city in its rear; and having thus brought
it between the fire of the fort and their own fire,
it was an easy matter to destroy it. A fortifica-
tion never stood upon a more impregnable position
than did that fort. The difficulty is in the very
essential character of the work. The system itself
originated in a time when the seas constituted the
bone of contention between nations. It was a se-
curity to the stores and ammunition which were
within it. That is all. It was before the inven-
tion of steam. It was before the invention of those
! destructive missiles of warfare which have become
the order of the day.
Sir, this old system is now sought to be per-
petuated, not for purposes of protection, but for
purposes of plunder—without imputing any such
motives to any gentleman upon this floor. Of
course gentlemen who defend this system of forti-
j fications upon this floor do not do it through such
; motives. Every mile of railroad which is built in
; the United States enables you to center upon any
given point, the physical, muscular force of the
nation; and this of itself obviates the necessity
of these works. You talk about burning down
New York! I tell you, sir, you would have to
catch them asleep to do it. They would scuttle
any fleet that you could send, before it could get
within three miles of New York. They would
scuttle them in their row-boats. [Laughter.]
New York has two fortifications, for the reason
that she constitutes the commercial metropolis of
the Republic. Thatis the reason why New York
has them. But, sir, Norfolk stands perfectly se-
cure, for nobody under the light of Heaven would
undertake to touch her. [Laughter.] What would
a British fleet go there for ?
Mr. BAYLY. To burn down the city.
Mr. CARTTER. No, sir, she is fenced in by a
barrier that no British fleet would ever undertake
pass. She has come to be regarded with as much
veneration as a monument of antiquity, as much
so as the tomb of Washington. But still we have
spent millions of money for Norfolk. We have
built splendid fortifications there for the protection-
of a grave yard; and now I would ask my distin-
guished friend from Virginia [Mr. Bayly] if he
would, in all conscience, ask for any further ap-
preciations for Old Point Comfort?
