1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
931
Mr. EVANS. I will do whatever the commit-
tee pleases. 1 am now ready to stop. I assure
the committee that I do not intend to detain them
lonj. I know the weariness everybody must ex-
perience at this late hour in the session.
Mr. TAYLOR. It is a very late hour, and
with the gentleman's consent, I will move that the
committee now rise.
[Cries of "No!" "Go on, Evans!"]
Mr. EVANS yielded to
Mr. MILLSON. I had no purpose of taking
part in this debate, and I would not have done so
but for the extraordinary course of remark in-
duced in by the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. TAYLOR. I suggest to the gentleman
from Virginia, with his permission, that we do
not hear a single word he says. We have been
sitting here eight hours, and I think we had better
rise.
Mr. EVANS. It is plain enough that I had
better proceed with my remarks, and I trust that
the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Millson] will
pardon me for claiming the floor. I assure you,
Mr. Chairman, that I fear my information is too
limited in regard to this subject to afford the com-
mittee much light on it. 1 do not expect to amuse
them, as the gentleman from Ohio did, nor to dis-
play anything at all of the wit or sarcasm that
gentleman developed in his speech; but 1 design
rather to deal with questions of fact, and to tell
what I believe to be truth. I perfectly concur in ;
all that fell from the honorable gentleman from 1
Virginia, [Mr. Bayly.] His remarks did him
credit. They did credit to his knowledge, which
is what is generally most needed in this House.
A Member. That is pretty plain.
Mr. EVANS. But it is nevertheless true. He
showed that he had examined and understood the
subject. But I am sorry to say that the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Cartter,] though he has
made a speech, as he always does, marked with
a great deal of talent, did not comprehend the
question properly, nor did he show that he had
very carefully examined it. Let me appeal to
everyone in this House on the most patriotic con-
siderations—to the gentlemen from the West, those
who represent the inland cities, who never will be
subject to attack, but who, if they were, would
repel it with as much gallantry as the people of
any other section of the country, and who have
come forward and battled in defense of the Re-
public, whenever it was in peril, with a distinc-
tion, an alacrity, and bravery unsurpassed—let
me, I say, appeal to them to at least afford us rea-
sonable means of protection. Are they not aware
that, at each session of Congress, we vote them a
fortification bill ? Will they remember how much
we annually expend in the defense of the frontier
against the incursions of the Indians? How much
by way of annuities, how much by way of pur-
chase of lands, how much by way of support of
troops, and the building of new quarters for sol-
diers in that country, do we annually pay out of
the Treasury ? Of the nine thousand troops in the
country, are not eight thousand of them on our
borders, among the Camanches, the Apaches, and
three other warlike tribes? And for whom is all
this defense? Why do we not hear the eloquence
poured forth on that subject that has to-day been
expended on this ? Why do we not hear of the
vigorous arms of the citizens being ready to repel
those Indians? They are always ready, but some-
thing else is required of the Government. It is
not only expected that the citizen shall be ready
to repel the enemy, but it is also required that you
shall give him protection against attack, and sup-
ply him in addition with the necessary arms and
other means of defense.
Let us take, for example, the city of Philadel-
phia, and see what the condition of things will be
there. I have gone from that city to the ocean in
eight hours, and everybody will agree that it is
quite as easy to come to the city from the ocean in
the same time. There is scarcely any fortification
there—there are few guns mounted, noris there any-
thing to prevent an enemy going to that city of four
hundred thousand inhabitants in eight hours, and
laying it under contribution or enveloping it in
flames, thereby destroying an amount of proper-
ty more than sufficient to fortify the approaches
to it more than one hundred times over. There is
a little mud fort there, called Fort Mifflin, which
has next to no guns mounted, and which could
make but feeble resistance. The reason offered
by the gentleman from South Carolina why we
ought to do nothing, is the very reason why we
ought to do everything. He put forward an ar-
gument against himself. New means of invasion
have been invented. Are we therefore to adopt
no means of defense? Have defenses not become
more than ever necessary ? Nothing can be plainer.
You have seen what steamers in place of sail ves-
sels can do. They can appear on our coast at al-
most any time without notice. Now everybody
knows that the practice of modern warfare is not
to give a formal declaration of war. It is required
no longer. That belonged to the chivalrous sys-
tem of the middle ages. The war against you
may be now existing, and you not aware of it.
To-morrow a fleet may be off the Capes of Dela-
ware, and in eight hours afterwards before the city
of Philadelphia, which may be laid under conti i-
bution, and your navy-yard, on which you have
expended millions of dollars, would be burned,
and you could make no defense.
Now, let us look at these fortifications, and
everybody will see into the matter at once. Sup-
pose you had a fortification on Pea-Patch Island,
that would keep the enemy at a distance from his
point of attack; the gentleman from Ohio seems to
think that it makes no difference where the enemy
lands. He is certainly mistaken, and if he com-
manded trnops he would know it. If the enemy
have to land below Pea-Patch Island, which is
some fifty miles below the city of Philadelphia,
they would have to cross many streams and rivers,
which are difficult of passage, before reaching that
city.
A Member. Look at the battle of North Point.
Mr. EVANS. I thank the gentleman. I shall
come to that presently. And while the enemy are
crossing those rivers, there will be time gained to
collect troops to meet them.
History is full of instances of the failure of
military operations by the obstacles opposed by
rivers and even small streams, without adequate
means for crossing them, such as pontoon-bridges,
| which an enemy, landing from ships, could not
1 if he had them, carry with him without ample
means of transportation, which it would require
precious time to collect. Such a delay of Napo-
leon crossing the Po at Placentia, in 1796, saved
the Austrian army. " If I had had," says he, " a
'good pontoon equipage the fate of the enemy had
' been sealed; but the necessity of passing the river
' by successiveembarkationssaved iu" In thecam-
paign of 1799, the Archduke Charles attempted to
pass the Aar and attack the French on the oppo-
site side; but for want of suitable equipage his
operation was delayed till the enemy had collected
sufficient forces to intercept the passage; he was
now obliged to enter into a stipulation for a sus-
fension ofhostilities, and to withdraw his bridges.
a the Russian campaign the obstacle opposed by
the passage of the Beresina, cost Napoleon the
loss of thousands of his brave troops, and but for
the devotion of his pontoniers would have cost
I him his army. In 1814, the barriers opposed by
| the small rivers of the Seine and the Marne pre-
j vented Napoleon, whose pontoon equipage was un-
fortunately shut up in his pontoon magazines, from
destroying in detail the armies of the allies under
Blucher and Schwartzenburg.
The gentleman from Ohio, as well as myself,
would trust everything to the American Army, if
it had lime for preparation; but in modern warfare,
time is a great element. A few hours consumed
in preparations for defense are often sufficient for
the success of an attack, and even for the destruc-
tion of a great city. Fortifications, so far from
being abandoned, are this day recommended by
every competent military authority, and I would
defy anybody to prove the contrary. This as-
sertion I openly make in this House. This city
is replete in military books, and gentlemen may
examine as to its truthfulness. In the War De-
partment is a good military library, and ifgentle-
; men will go there to-morrow and find an authority
opposed to fortifications, I will abandon the bill,
i and cast my vote against it. Napoleon himself,
before he died, and when there was a feeble idea
of steam navigation, said that fortifications were
: indispensable. So said Wellington and Marshal
| Soult, and so has said everybody who was ac-
quainted with war on a grand scale.
Now let us look at the expense of all the for-
tifications which have been projected in this coun-
try. I will take the grand system which has been
so denounced in this House. It is divided into
six classes: A,B, C, D, E, and F. Take the
whole six classes, and they come to $44,000,000—
a sum about equal to what one of the many forts
which defend thesingle harborofHavana, in Cuba,
has cost. The Spanish Government have expend-
ed over $40,000,000 upon the Cahanas fort alone.
The classes D, E, F, G, have never been com-
menced, which include more than halfthe expense.
They have neverbeen begun,and, in truth, in order
to complete your first-class fortifications you do
not require as much money as you do every year
to defend youselves against the Indians.
A Member. State how much.
Mr. EVANS. The total c<'st of completing our
first-class fortifications, including repairs of old
works, amounts to but $6,152,090. The appro-
priations annually made for our military establish-
ment, exclusive of fortifications, amount to about
$12,000,000,three fourths ofwhich,say $9,000,000,
are expended in defending yourselves against those
Indians. The cost of our naval establishment du-
ringthewarof 1812-'15, was,for 1813,$6,446,000;
for 1814, $7,311,291; and for 1815, §8,660.000; or
an average for the three years of $7,472,430; and
for a few years past the Navy appropriations have
averaged about $9,000,000. The annua! average
cost of the British Navy during the war, from 1799
to 1815, was $79,779,341, and since the war it has
been $28,981,106. From these interesting statistics
we see that the annual cost of our little Navy du-
ring the war of 1812—*15, or now, in a state of
peace, exceeds from twenty to fifty per cent, the
entire cost of completing our first-class fortifica-
tions, including repairs of old works, and that the
British Navy now yearly costs five times, and du-
ring a state of war exceeded thirteen times that sum.
The British Navy now costs in a single year
more than is required yet to be expended to ade-
quately defend every town, city, navy-yard, and
arsenal along our vast Atlantic and Pacific coasts;
and its cost during a single year of war was nearly
double what has been, and is contemplated to expend
upon the whole six classes of our fortifications.
Now, sir, I think our services in the past merit
some requital and defense in the present. Is it
possible that the troops of Virginiaand Maryland
were of no account on the battle-field ? Did they
not fight in the war of the Revolution ? Did you
not hold them in grateful memory once, and did
not Washington command them, and are we to
have nothing in return ? Are our fields to be rav-
aged and plundered, and our women subjected to
insult, as they have been in times past? If the
gentleman from Ohio had lived in the State of
Maryland in the war of 1812, he never would have
opposed this system of fortifications. What the
gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Bayly] said about
Hampton Roads being the key to the Chesapeake
Bay, is true. The fort gives the means to our
vessels to retire behind it, so that they have a
chance to recruit themselves.
Mr. CARTTER. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Bayly] says that the Hampton Roads
is the key to the Chesapeake Bay. I wish to know
whether you cannot pass from the capes up the
bay without going in reach of any of the fortifica-
tions ?
Mr. EVANS. It is plain to everybody, and
will be plain to the gentleman, if he will only ex-
ercise a little of his good sense, and not run wild,
that vessels, of whatever description, can retire
behind these fortifications where they can augment
their force and undergo repairs. There they can
finally drive every enemy from the bay. Nobody
would go into the upper bay when there is a fleet
behind the fortification. Had Hampton Roads
been sufficiently fortified in the war of 1812-'15,
to protect a fleet, no battle of North Point or
capture of Washington would have taken place.
This is perfectly plain to every mili'ary man.
Look at the case of theTortugas and Key West,
for which appropriations are made in this bill,
which are the keys to the Gulf of Mexico and
the mouth of the Mississippi. They afford pro-
tection to the extensive commerce which passes
through the Gulf, as everybody knows, and are
as essential to the States of Ohio, Indiana, Illi-
nois, Wisconsin, Iowa, Missouri, Kentucky,
Tennessee, Arkansas, Louisiana, Texas, Missis-
sippi, Alabama, Georgia, and Florida, as are the
sea-board fortifications to the Atlantic and Pacific
States. I have no special interest in the Hampton
Roads or the Tortugas beyond that of every
