1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
933
cannot bring military authorities to back him.
We have hail great military men in this age, and
they are all upon the other side. That ships have
captured torts in isolated instances, and under very
peculiar and favorable circumstances, is true, but
that they can do so in a majority of instances, is
not true, and cannot be true. Not a single instance
is to be found on the page of history where ships
have encountered the batteries of forts of civilized
nations, sun for gun, where the former have been
successful. Sir, I will not longer trespass upon
the time of the committee.
Mr. H115I5ARD. 1 do not rise for the purpose
of continuing this debate. 1 think it has been suffi-
ciently prolonged already. Both sides of this
question have been discussed ably and at length.
1 hope, therefore, that the debate will terminate,
and that we shall now proceed to action upon the
bill.
Before I close, as we are in Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, 1 beg to call the
attention of the committee to the state of business.
We have now before us the Army bill and the
amendments to it sent in from the Senate. I think
we ought to, and I hone we shall dispose of it be-
fore we adjourn to-night. We have the civil and
diplomatic bill, which has been sent to us from the
Senate—and' is now before the Committee on
Ways and Means—with a very great number of
amendments of much importance. Then there is
the Navy bill and also the Indian bill, both of
which are before the Senate and have not yet been
returned to us, but which, we may be assured,
will come to us with a great number of amend-
ments making additional appropriations. There
is, besides, the deficiency bill which we have just
sent to the Senate with a number of amendments
and disagreements to their amendments for their
consideration, and which will doubtless be again
returned to us.
In addition to these important bills, essential to
the very continuance of the operations of the Gov-
ernment, is the vast mass of other business which
has been accumulating before Congress during the
present session, and gentlemen will remember that
for the consideration of this great amount of busi-
ness—almost the whole business of the session—
we havegot three and a half working days. Now,
I beg leave to submit to the committee, whether it
is not our duty to terminate this debate, and pro-
ceed to vote on the amendments. We must do
that, or adopt one of two alternatives—a ruinous
neglect of public business, which may involve even
the stoppage of the wheels of our Government, or
the responsibility of an extra session of Congress.
Are gentlemen upon this side of the House, or
upon the other side, prepared to take that respon-
sibility? For one I cannot. A record will be
made upon this question, and I invoke gentlemen
to join me in an effort to complete the public busi-
ness. I move that the committee rise, with a view
to terminate debate.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I ask the gentleman
to yield me the floor for a few minutes only.
Mr. HIBBARD. I would yield to my friend
from Virginia if I would to any man; but if I
yield to one I must yield to others, and 1 therefore
most respectfully decline to withdraw my motion.
Mr. RIDDLE. I ask the gentleman from New
Hampshire to allow me but a moment.
Mr. HIBBARD. I cannot. I must insist upon
my motion.
The question was then taken on Mr. Hibbard's 1
motion; and it was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose, and theSpeaker ;
having resumed the chair, the chairman (Mr.
Harris of Tennessee) reported that the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union had
had the Union generally under consideration, and
particularly the Senate's amendments to the Army
appropriation bill, and had come to no resolution
thereon.
CLOSE OF DEBATE.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 offer the usual resolution '
to terminate the debate,in Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, on the Senate's amend-
ments to the Army appropriation bill, in five min-
utes after the committee shall resume the consid- j
eration of the same; and upon that I move the
previous question.
The previous question received a second, and i
the main question was ordered to be now put.
The question was then taken on Mr. Hous-
ton'* resolution; and it was adopted. !
Mr. HOUSTON. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted, and to
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The question was taken upon the latter motion,
and it was agreed to.
Mr. BR1GGS. I have a resolution which I
desire to ask the unanimous consent of the House
to offer. It is not an unusual resolution, and I
hope there will be no objection. I desire to offer
the following resolution:
Rcsoh-cil. That the usual extra compensation be paid by
the Clerk out of the contingent fund, to the employees in
and about the Capitol, embracing that description of per-
sons only who received it at the close of the last session of
Congress.
Mr. LETCHER. I object.
Mr. BRIGGS. I move to suspend the rules to
admit it.
Mr. HIBBARD. I rise to aprivileged question.
I move that the rules be suspended, and that the
House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. Another privileged question
is pending to suspend the rules, which must take
precedence.
Mr. LETCHER. I move'to adjourn. That
motion is in order.
The question being upon the motion to adjourn,
Mr. CLEMENS demanded tellers; which were
ordered; and Messrs. Johnson of Tennessee, and
Cabei.l of Florida, were appointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 41, noes 57; no quorum voting.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. CLEMENS. Is it in order to move a call
of the House?
The SPEAKER.
Mr. CLEMENS.
Mr. LETCHER.
the yeas and nays.
Mr. ORR. I move that the House do now ad-
That motion is in order.
I make that motion.
Upon that motion I demand
journ
Th
were—ayes 65, noes
The question was pi|t, and upon a division there
Mr. HIBBARD. I demand the yeas and nays.
Mr. EVANS. I ask for tellers upon the yeas
and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Chastain
and Dimmick were appointed.
Mr. EWING. I rise to a privileged question.
I move that when this House adjourns, it adjourn
to meet at ten o'clock to-morrow morning.
The SPEAKER. That is not a privileged mo-
tion, nor is it in order except under a suspension
of the rules.
Mr. HIBBARD. I withdraw my call for the
yeas and nays.
Mr. HOUSTON. Before the House adjourns,
I desire to appeal to the House to meet to-mor-
row at ten o'clock. If the gentleman from South
Carolina will withdraw the motion to adjourn, I
j will make that motion.
i Mr. ORR. I will withdraw the motion for that
1 purpose.
Mr. SWEETSER. I object to that motion
being withdrawn.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that the
gentleman has the right to withdraw the motion.
Mr. HOUSTON. I now ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to move, that when this House
adjourns, it adjourn to meet to-morrow morning,
at ten o'clock.
Mr. SWEETSER. I object.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move to suspend the rules
to enable me to submit that motion.
Mr. CLEMENS. Upon that motion I de-
mand the yeas and nays.
Mr. SWEETSER. I rise to a question of
order. A motion was made a few minutes since
to enable the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Briggs] to submit a resolution. I insist upon
that motion being taken.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York submitted the motion to suspend the rules
to introduce a resolution which was then indicated
by him, but the Chair was under the impression
that the motion had been withdrawn by the gen-
tleman. The Chair inquires of the gentleman
whether he withdrew his motion?
Mr. BRIGGS. I submitted the motion to sus-
pend the rules, but I thought there was no quorum
present, and therefore I did not press it. I can-
not, however, withdraw the motion.
fThe SPEAKER. Then the questioifwill be
upon the motion made by the gentleman from
New Yorlt to suspend the rules.
Mr. HOUSTON. I want to know what ha 
become of my motion to suspend the rules?
The SPEAKER. It has been cut off by the
prior motion of the gentleman from New York to
suspend the rules for another purpose.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I move that this
House do now adjourn.
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask for the vote upon my
motton to suspend the rules, to enable me to move
that the House meet at ten o'clock to-morrow
morning.
The SPEAKER. There is a motion pending
to adjourn, but if that motion were voted down,
the question would still be upon the motion of the
gentleman from New York.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I insist upon my motion
that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. CLEMENS. I ask for the yeas and nays
upon that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and, being
taken, the result was—yeas 50, nays 50.
So the House refused to adjourn—no quorum
voting.
Mr. OUTLAW. I move a call of the House.
I believe no other motion is in order without a
quorum.
Mr. HALL. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
The SPEAKER. A motion was pending,
made by the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Clemens,] that there be a call of the House-, so
that neither the motion of the gentleman from
North Carolina [Mr. Outlaw] nor that of the gen-
tleman from Missouri [Mr. Hall] is in order.
Mr. CLEMENS. I withdraw my motion.
Mr. OUTLAW. I now move that there be a
call of the House.
Mr. HALL. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. POLK. Is it in order to amend that mo-
tion so as to provide that the House adjourn to
meet to-morrow morning at ten o'clock ?
The SPEAKER. That amendment is not in
order.
The question was then taken, and Mr. Hall'i
motion was agreed to; and
The House adjourned till to-morrow morning at
eleven o'clock.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, March 1, 1853.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. C. M. Butler.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a letter from the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, communicating a report of the Superintendent
of the Coast Survey, showing the progress of that
work during the year 1852; which was read, and
a motion to print the report was referred to the
| Committee on Printing.
I Also the seventh annual report of the Board of
Regents of the Smithsonian Institution, showing
the operations, expenditures, and condition of the
institution during the year 1852; which was or-
" dered to be printed.
1 NATIONAL INTELLIGENCER.
; Mr. MANGUM submitted the following reso-
t lution for consideration:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate have pub-
lished in the Daily National Intelligencer the full debates
and proceedings of the Senate for the present session, and
pay the same compensation therefor as is allowed to the
Union and Globe, and pro rata for what has been reported
. and published m the Intelligencer during the present Con-
gress.
EXTRA COMPENSATION.
The resolution submitted yesterday by Mr.
i Cass, making certain allowances from the con-
: tingent fund to the officers and employees of the
Senate, was read a second time, and referred to
the Committee to Audit and Control the Con-
tingent Expenses of the Senate.
I THE DEFICIENCY BILL.
A message from the House of Representatives
! was received, by Mr. Forney, its clerk, announ-
; cing that it had agreed to the first, second, sixth,
seventh, and twelfth amendments of the Senate to
the bill from the House of Representatives to sup-
ply deficiency m the appropriations for the ser-
vice of the fiscal year ending the 30th of June,
. 1853; that it had disagreed to their fourth, eighth,
