1853.
THtfir CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
935
*s the Postmaster General shall asrign him 5 and that
£500 per annum he allowed and paid to the Assistant Post-
master General upon whom the law devolves the duties
and powers of Postmaster General, in case of his absence, j
death, or resignation.
Mr. WALKER. I should like to know the
change that will be effected by this amendment.
Mr. RUSK The explanation of it is this: The
salaries of the Assistant Postmasters General will
be raised as high as the heads of bureaus. Those
officers are now receiving a salary of $2,500. The
amendment increases it to $3,000. Sometimes the
Postmaster General is absent, and one of the As-
sistant Postmasters General is assigned to the duties
of Postmaster General during his absence. Some-
times the person so acting has received the full pay
of the Postmaster General. The amendment pro-
vides that when any one of the Assistants shall be
assigned to the duties of the head of the Depart-
ment, he shall receive an addition for the time at i
the rate of $500 per annum for the time. The
amendment also requires that the Assistant Post-
masters General shall be appointed by the Presi-
dent, by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RUSK
That tbe Postmaster General be authorized and required
to establish a tri weekly mail between Bainbridge, Georgia,
and Appalachicola, Florida.
Mr. HAMLIN. I desire to know of the chair- jj
man if he wants to make it mandatory? ;J
Mr. RUSK. The reason for the amendment is, ;
that various petitions have been presented asking
for it. I will state to the honorable Senator from
Maine that this is a very important mail route, and j
it is now used only a portion of the year. The
Department has attempted to get contracts upon it.
Persons have bid and thrown up their bids. It is j
very important that some arrangements should be
made to secure a regular mail between those places, i
Mr. MORTON. I will answer the question ;
propounded by the honorable Senator from Maine.
This is intended to be mandatory.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RUSK. I have another amendment which
need not be read. Under the law reducing post-
age, certain allowances were made to the post
masters at distributing offices. It made no pro-
vision, however, for such distributing offices as
might afterwards be created. There have been
but two such since created—one at Richmond,
Virginia, I believe, and another at Cleveland,
Ohio. This amendment puts them upon the same
footing with other distributing offices throughout
the United States. j
The amendment was agreed to. |
Mr. COOPER. I move to amend the bill by i
adding at the end of the post routes for Pennsyl-
vania the following:
That the Safe Harbor route, in the county of Lancas-
ter, and State of Pennsylvania, be, and the same is hereby,
extended, by way of Liberty Square post- office, to Buck
post office, in said county.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was then reported to the Senate as
amended; the amendments were concurred in and
ordered to be engrossed; and the bill was ordered
to a third reading. It was read a third time and
passed; and its title was amended on motion by
Mr. Rusk, by the addition of the words " and
for other purposes."
APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope the Senate will now
ft> on with the civil and diplomatic appropriation
ill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill is now
before the Senate, and the question pending is on
the amendment moved by the Senator from Illinois
[Mr. Douglas] to the amendment of the Senator
from Virginia, [Mr. Mason.]
Mr. HUNTER. I ask that by unanimous
consent the amendment may be laid aside for a
few minutes so as to allow me to offer some amend-
ments from the Committee on Finance. #
There being no objection, the amendment was
passed by informally.
Mr. HUNTER. I move to insert, under the
miscellaneous head, the following:
For heating and ventilating the Executive Mansion,
painting the exterior thereof, painting the walls, ceilings,
Itc., in the rooms on the first floor, and making other im-
provements and repairs recommended by the Architect in
his report of February 4, 1853, and for the purchase of
books for the President's library, $29,500,"
This amendment was sent to the Committee on
Finance from the Committee on Public Buildings,
and adopted by the former committee.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. I am further instructed by
the Committee on Finance to offer the following
amendment: j
" For the payment of the expenses attendant upon the ;
funeral obsequies of the late Secretary of State, $1,229 37." I
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. I move, in the appropriation
for the expenses of the Senate, to insert the word
" contingent " before the word " expenses," so as
to make it read in the usual way.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. I have another amendment to
offer, which does not add to the appropriations,
but merely guards one. It is to insert, after the
word " Departments," in the appropriation for the
printing of the Departments, the words, "inclu-
ding for paper and printing the annual estimates,
and for paper, printing, and binding the Biennial
Register, and annual report of the Secretary of
I have another amendment to offer: the Treasury on Commerce and Navigation.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BORLAND. I have an amendment to offer.
The PRESI DING OFFICER. The Chair will
apprise the Senator from Arkansas that the Sen-
ator from Virginia was allowed to introduce his
amendment by unanimous consent, without dis-
placing the pending amendment. The Chair will
understand that consent to be continued, unless
some one objects.
There was no objection.
Mr BORLAND. I move to amend the bill
by inserting:
For completing and furnishing the marine hospital at
Napoleon, Arkansas, $4,000.
I will state in explanation, Mr. President, that
this is in pursuance of the estimate from the De-
partment. It was not put in in the House of
Representatives, and I have offered it now in the
Senate. To satisfy myself of the truth of the
grounds upon which the estimate was made, I
addressed a letter to the Secretary of the Treas-
ury. 1 have received from him a statement of the
estimate, accompanied by an extract from his an-
nual report, and an extract from a report of Col-
onel Long, the superintendent of those works in
the West. The hospital has been built; $54,000
have been expended upon it, and $4,000 are now
needed to paint it and complete those little works
about it which are necessary in order to put it in
operation.
Mr. ADAMS. I move to amend the amend-
ment by adding to it—
And that the further term of one year be allowed for the
expenditure or the money heretofore appropriated for the
marine hospital at Viekstmrg, Mississippi.
Mr. BORLAND. I accept that.
The amendment as modified was agreed to.
Mr. BORLAND. I have two or three amend-
ments to offer by direction of the Committee on
Printing. The first is to insert the following pro-
viso:
Provided, That of all the documents, the printing of ad-
ditional copies of which may be ordered by either House of
Congress, and the size of which shall not be less than two
hundred and fifty pages, such additional copies shall be
bound in such manner as may be directed by the respective
Committees on Printing of each House, the cost of which
shall not exceed twelve-and-a-half cents per volume ; that
it shall be the duty of the Superintendent of Public Printing
to supervise the binding of the public documents, to receive
such binding when executed, to see that the same ia done
in a neat and workmanlike manner, according to such
sample as may he preserved in his office, and in proper
time ; and before the binder shall receive pay for the same,
he shall produce the certificate of the said Superintendent
that his work has been executed as above required, and has
been accepted by him. And it shall also be the duty of the
said Superintendent to receive and preserve in his office
samples of the paper upon which maps, charts, diagrams,
plats, or other engravings may be contracted to be furnished,
and to receive from the contractors said maps, charts, dia-
grams, plats, or other engravings, and compare the paper
on which they may be printed with the samples so pre-
served ; and he shall not receive any map, chart, diagram,
plat, or other engraving which may not be printed on paper
equal to the sample so preserved, or which may not be exe-
cuted in a proper manner, and within the time specified in
the contract, unless for special reasons the Superintendent
may extend the time, or which may not be in the quantity
called for thereby j and the said contractor shall not receive
pay for the same, except upon the certificate of the Super-
intendent that all the foregoing requisites have been com-
piled with.
We have been for several years binding public
documents. The effect of this is to put the bind-
ing under the supervision of the Superintendent
of Printing; so that the binding and printing may
be under tne same supervision, to secure conform-
ity in the execution of the work.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BORLAND. I have another amendment
to offer, by the direction of the Committee on
Printing:
For compensation to Thomas Ritchie, assignee of Wil-
liam M. Belt, for printing, paper, and binding the Obituary
Addresses on the death of President Taylor, $5,112, being
the cost thereof, and twenty per cent, in addition.
Mr. President, at the last session of Congress,
in an act which we passed changing the system of
executing the public printing, there was a provis-
ion made to make compensation to Mr. Ritchie,
as assignee of Mr. Belt, who was contractor for
the printing during the preceding Congress. There
was a clause in that.bill which was intended to
give Mr. Ritchie compensation for the obituary
notices of the late President Taylor, in addition to
the other allowance made. But the First Comp-
troller of the Treasury gave to that provision an
interpretation different from thatofthe Committee
on Printing, with whom it originated, and different
from the understanding with which it was passed.
The Committee on Printing have had the matter
under consideration, and finding that this differ-
ence of construction prevented the execution of
the law, as it was intended at the time of its pas-
sage, they have directed me to report this amend-
ment, or rather, they directed me to report a joint
resolution making this compensation; but in order
to facilitate its passage, as it is impossible to get
it through as a separate measure, I have been
directed to offer it as an amendment to the bill.
It meets the concurrence of the Committee on
Finance, as I understand.
Mr. BRODHEAD. i have a great many pri-
vate bills which I have reported, and which may
be very appropriately put upon this bill, if this
proposition prevails. This is a private claim,and
therefore it is out of order under the rule. Mr.
Ritchie, under the law which we passed at the last
session, received $50,000 over and above his con-
tract, if I understand it; and now it is proposed to
give him $5,000 more. Have we any security
that we shall not becalled upon to give something
more at the next session of Congress ? When are
we to be done with the paying of money over and
above the contract for printing done for a former
Congress ?
Mr. BORLAND. This is not the origination
of a private claim. At the last session we passed
an act by which we intended to make compensa-
tion for this work; but an officer at the Treasury
interprets the law differently from the manner in
whicn it was understood when it was passed. _
Mr. BRODHEAD. Thisis still a private claim,
and a joint resolution has been reported, I under-
stand, for the relief of the party from the Com-
mittee on Printing.
Mr. BORLAND. This maybe in one sense
viewed as a private claim; but the effect of the
amendment is simply to explain an act which was
passed at the last session of Congress.
The PRESI DING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania raise an objection to this
amendment as being out of order?
Mr. BRODHEAD. I do.
Mr. BORLAND. I will state, in explanation,
that the act of the last session fixed no precise
amount. It authorized the payment to him of the
actual cost, and twenty per cent, in addition.
Mr. BRODHEAD. How much did he receive?
Mr. BORLAND. He received nothing at all
for this work. I have caused an estimate to be
made by the Superintendent of Public Printing,
and that estimate is the precise amount named in
the amendment. It is tne amount which the act
of last session intended that he should have.
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator from Arkansas
was mistaken in saying that this amendment had
the sanction of the Committee on Finance. I said
to him that I would vote for it, and for this reason:
the amendment, if it were properly shaped, in my
opinion, would be nothing but a declaratory act.
It is an amendment declaring what was the mean-
ing of the provision made in the appropriation bill
of last year; and I believe there is no Senator here
who would say that it was not proper, if h? ex-
amined that act. It was owing to a curious con-
