936
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
struction of Mr. Whittlesey that Mr. Ritchie
was not paid what the Senate designed to pay him
for that Taylor pamphlet. That will be found, I
think, to he the state of the case.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If the objection
raised by the Senator from Pennsylvania to offer-
ing; the amendment be persisted in, the Chair is
obliged to hold that, on the face of this amendment,
it is to provide for a private claim, and is there-
fore not in order. If it be, as has been suggested,
merely to explain an act formerly passed, it ought
to be so shaped as to provide for that.
Mr. BORLAND. Then I will withdraw the
amendment, nnd offer it hereafter in another form.
Mr. HALE. I wish to move an amendment to
this bill.
Mr. MILLER. I rise to a question of order.
There is an amendment already pending.
The PRES1 DING OFFICER. The Chair will
state that the unanimous consent of the Senate
was given to the reception of the amendments of-
fered by the Senator from Virginia, without inter-
fering with the pendingamendment. Unanimous
consent was likewise given to the Senator from
Arkansas to offer his amendments. If the like
unanimous consent be now given, the Senator from
New Hampshire can offer his amendment.
Mr. MILLER. I object.
Mr. HAMLIN. I desire to submit to the hon-
orable Senator from New Jersey to withdraw his
objection so as to let the various committees who
have prepared amendments report them, and have
them acted upon before this interminable debate
on the tariff question shall come up. I have some
amendments to offer by the direction of the Com-
mittee on Commerce in which I feel a deep inter-
est, as the organ of that committee. I want to
get them off my hands. I hope unanimous con-
sent may be granted to let amendments be reported
from committees. I ask that that question be sub-
mitted to the Senate.
Mr. MILLER. I would gladly oblige my
friend from Maine, but the pending amendment
was brought in in the first place by the Commit-
tee on Finance, and is now properly under con-
sideration. I have the floor upon it, and if I give
way to one amendment I must give way to all.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection be-
ing interposed, of course other amendments can-
not be received until the pending one be disposed
of. The question before the Senate is on the
amendment proposed by the Senator from Illinois
to the amendment of the Senator from Virginia in
regard to railroad iron, upon which question the
Senator from New Jersey [Mr. Miller] is enti-
tled to the floor.
Mr. BRODHEAD. With the consent of my
friend from New Jersey , I beg to suggest to the
chairman of the Committee on Finance, and to
Senators generally, that we ought to come to some
understanding in relation to the tariff debate. Is
it to proceed or not? Letus come to somegeneral
understanding on the subject Itis improperly in-
troduced to this bill—out of time and out of place.
I understand the chairman of the Committee on Fi-
nance to urge the bill forward. It cannot go for-
ward if such amendments be offered to it. We,
who are opposed to the amendment of the Senator
from Virginia, feel it our duty to resist it at this
time, and although the session maybe about to ex-
pire, we must have, and we will have, a full hear-
ing. There are large interests involved in this
question, which are represented by various Sen-
ators. I am one of them. 1 feel bound to have a
full hearing if this debate goes on now. If by
common consent, the amendment of the Senator
from Virginia, and that of the Senator from Illinois
can be withdrawn, on the ground that they are out
of time and out ofplace to this bill, I would be very
mue,Ti rejoiced, and so would all the opponents of
them. The friends of the proposition have given
it a fair trial, and they must be satisfied that it is
too ate in the session to mature a measure of this
kind. I hope, therefore, we shall come to some
understanding about it.
Mr. MASON. 1 do not see that the amend-
ment which I have offered to the bill has had any
trial at all, fair or unfair. If those who are desir-
ous, as I have no doubt they are, of preserving
this bill, should come to a vote; that is the only
mode of testing the question. I have offered the
amendment under a sense of duty to my constitu-
ents, ami I ask for the vote. I have not debated
it, and I shall not debate it.
Mr. ADAMS. I beg leave to suggest to hon-
orable Senators who are opposed to the principle
of the amendment, that I, as an individual, think,
and many other Senators think with me, that it is
improper to introduce this subject at this time
upon this bill. There are many of us who will
vote against the amendment on that account, no
matter what may be our course hereafter as to the
general princinle. If Senators will allow us to
take a vote, I for one will vote against the amend-
ment of the Senator from Illinois and that of the
Senator from Virginia. I think many others who
might vote for them as separate measures will vote
against them as amendments to this bill.
Mr. COOPER. I think the opponents of the
measure will have no hesitation at all in coming to
a vote, if gentlemen on the other side will assure
us that the proposition will be voted down. I do
not want to discuss it, and I shall not, so far as I
am concerned, discuss it, if I am assured that it
will be voted down.
Mr. BAYARD. I hope the course suggested
by the honorable Senator from Mississippi will
be adopted by the Senate. It is very evident that
if the amendment be insisted upon, you hazard this
appropriation bill. I will say, for one, that, lost
or not lost, I can never agree to enter upon a re-
vision of the tariff policy of this country, upon an
amendment to an appropriation bill at this stage
of the session, without such information as I
think desirable, and the fullest discussion. With-
out committing myself for one moment to what
policy ought to be pursued, and admitting freely
that 1 think the tariff requires revision, when prop-
erly brought up, in a variety of modes, I am un-
willing to enter into that or any other subject of
general legislation for the country, as an amend-
ment to be tacked to an appropriation bill. If
you enter upon the discussion of an amendment
like this, with just as much propriety may those
Senators who are in favor of the homestead bill
ask that you shall introduce that questien, and
attach it to the appropriation bill; and so may
Senators in favor of what is known as Bennett's
land bill take the same course with just as much
propriety as the friends of the present amendment.
They all enter into general questions affecting the
policy of the country. If we keep on in this
course, it is very evident that this appropriation
bill must be lost. For my own part, I have not
had the scruples which 1 have heard some gentle-
men assert on the floor of the Senate in reference
to appropriation bills. Whenever I believe my-
self to be right, and the advocates of any measure
choose to press it upon the Senate, with a view to
force that measure through in defiance of what I
think is the proper course, I believe the respon-
sibility rests with them, and my vote will be
recorded against the bill, without reference to
whether it stands or falls.
Mr. MANGUM. Mr. President, I think it is
perfectly apparent that this motion cannot be
adopted at this session of Congress. You and I, sir,
(Mr. Badger occupying the chair,) have to act
under a very high responsibility—both of us bein<*
instructed by the Legislature of our State to vote
to take off all duties on railroad iron. I am per-
fectly satisfied that if avote could be had here, and
the amendment of the Senator from Virginia could
be passed in ten minutes, it never could pass the
other House. I regard it as a matter of great im-
portance to the country to pass this appropriation
bill, which contains all the material appropriations
for the support of the Government; therefore as I
see the Senator from Virginia does not feel him-
self at liberty to withdraw his amendment, J shall
take the responsibility, (and it is a very high one,)
to expedite the passage of the civil and diplomatic
appropriation bill, by voting against this amend-
ment.
Mr. CLARKE. Is the question upon the amend-
ment moved by the honorable Senator from Vir-
ginia ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
immediately before the Senate is on the amend-
ment moved by the Senator from Illinois to the
amendment of the Senator from Virginia. The
amendment of the Senatorfrom Virginia proposes
to repeal altogether the duties on railroad iron;
and that of the Senator from Illinois proposes to
suspend them for three years.
Mr. CLARKE. I will not detain the Senate
on this question at this time, but it is my purpose
to address the Senate at some length upon the
general question involved in the amendment of the
honorable Senator from Virginia. 1 consider the
amendment offered by him as preferable to that of
the Senator from Illinois, and as bringing the ques-
tion more directly to the sense of the Senate, and
to the country. If you extend the duties for three
or five years, on bonds being given by the com-
panies, the transaction never will be brought to a
I close in the Treasury. Such a thing has once been
done by the Government, and the bonds were
finally relinquished. Such will be the case here.
I much prefer that the question should come up
directly on the amendment offered by the Senator
from Virginia, rather than upon that offered by
the Senator from Illinois. I would rather that
railroad iron should be admitted free, without duty,
than that the whole transaction of the importa-
tions of iron for railroads should be involved in
the intricacies that will necessarily follow from
undertaking to give bonds for those duties, those
bonds to be canceled at some future day, when
it is proved that the iron has been laid upon the
track.
I do not propose to go into the general question.
I have to say that in any event, whether the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Illinois is to
pass or not, I have an amendment to offer after
that question is decided, that all other iron, whether
in bars, blooms, pigs, slabs, rolls, or in any form
in which it may be used for farming or mechan-
ical purposes, shall also come in free of duty. I
think all should be put upon the same footing.
I hold that amendment in my hand, but I leave
the question to be decided by the Senate, and I
shall offer that amendment at the proper moment,
and I shall address the Senate upon it.
Mr. BUTLER. I know that the Senator from
New Jersey is entitled to the floor, but I wish to
propound one or two interrogatories which may
have some influence on the propriety of taking the
vote without debate. Do I understand from the
Senator from Virginia that he intends to persevere
in this amendment?
Mr. MASON. Yes, sir.
Mr. BUTLER. That being the case, I think
the gentleman from New Jersey ought to have an
opportunity to discuss the subject. I do not com-
mit myself one way or the other. I am under no
instructions from South Carolina in regard to this
question, though she is as much interested as
North Carolina; but I do say that I should not
care what my instructions were, I should violate
none of the securities of a minority in any form
of legislation. If we are to discuss the tariff on
this question as we discussed the homestead bill
and the Pacific railroad bill, making the appropri-
ation bills omnibuses for all sorts of measures, it
is an irregular proceeding, and upon that ground
I shall be compelled to vote, perhaps against my
judgment, on this proposition. As far as regards
the appropriation bills, allow me to say that I
think the attention of this country never will be
directed to the tendencies and the irregularities of
legislation until the appropriation bills do fail.
Let them fail.
Mr. MASON. I wish to say, in reply to what
has fallen from the Senator from South Carolina,
that I agree with him upon the impropriety of
this mode of legislation—the making the appropri-
ation bills the vehicle for carrying measures not
legitimately connected with them; but his experi-
ence here, and my experience, have demonstrated
that other Senators do not agree with us. They
do place upon the appropriation bills measures
which we have protested against, because they
were incongruous, as we thought. What, then,
is our position ? There is no rule of the Senate
forbidding it; there is no law of the land forbidding
it; and we must either do as others do, and en-
deavor to attain the measures which we consider
proper by making the appropriation bills the
vehicle of them, or we must make our constitu-
ents the victims of our forbearance. There is no
alternative before us. 1 would unite cheerfully
with the majority to exclude everything from the
appropriation bills except that which is strictly
appropriate to them; but when I see that the Sen-
ate does not do that, I have no alternative but to
conform my course to that of the Senate, there
being no law or rule against me; and for that
reason I must persist in my amendment.
Mr. BUTLER. I do not blame my friend from
Virginia. The precedent has been set by a ma-
jority when they could carry a measure, and if
