938
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
ittafter named are hereby established as follows: Thean-
nu il salary of the judirp of the dintrict court for the district
of" New Hampshire, S>t,ln0 ; tor the district of Massachu-
setts' . $ J.WW; for the" dt>triot of Connecticut, .^USO" ; tor
the di tnct « t Rnoite Uland, $1,800; for the district of Ver-
mont, tor the northern district of New Vork,
$ tor the district of South Carolina, 9 5,«>O0 ; for the
southern di>tnctof Florida, ; for the rtwrrictof Geor-
gia ; for the district of Alabama, $3,000; for the
district of Michigan, r>2,0OU; for the district of Mifcourt,
!$ J.ouO; lor the d>?trict of Louisiana, $3,500 ; for the judge
of the orphans' court in the District ot Columbia, $2,i/00.
Mr. PRATT. I move to ^amend the amend-
ment by adding the words "for the judge of the
district court of Maryland, $3,000."
Mr. BRADBURY. The Committee on the
Judiciary had the subject referred to them, and
they examined such testimony as was submitted,
upon which they made provision for the increase
of the salanes of judges where the evidence before
them, in their opinion, justified it. The attempt
was made to have the salaries of the judges of the
district courts correspond with the amount of labor
devolving upon the judge. TheSenator from Ma-
ryland has moved an amendment increasing the
salary of the district judge of Maryland from
$'2,000 to jJ3,000. That increase would be greater
than we have thought proper to make in other
cases. If the Senator will consent to change the
sum from $3,000 to §2,500, I should think that
perhaps the evidence might justify that increase
over the present salary. Will the Senator make
that change?
Mr. PRATT. The labor performed by the
district judge of Maryland is greater perhaps than
that of any other in the Union. The court is
almost Continuously in session, and I do not think
that the compensation proposed by the amendment
is too larace. I do hope that it may be adopted. I
think that liberal salaries ought to be paid to our
judges. We ought to set an example to our States,
of paying the judiciary tite most liberal salaries.
We should make the salaries equal, at least, to
those of the judges of the State courts, if not ex-
ceed them, so as to set a good example to the State
of paying the judiciary; for upon that branch of
the Government depends, at least in a great degree,
the stability of our Government. I believe that
the labor performed in this particular instance
would not be compensated by the amount of sal-
ary I propose. 1 therefore do hope that Senators
will consent to allow the salary of $3,000. The
judge has agreater amount of labor than any other;
"but if gentlemen insist on giving only $2,500, I
shall concur.
Mr. BUTLER. This is a very difficult subject.
We have had it before the committee, and I am not
satisfied precisely with the scale, although we tried
to do the best we could, at this session. My friend
from Maryland jumps rather too high, I think, to
go up $1,0(10 at a time. We have generally gone
up only $500 at a time. If there is any judge
whose salary ought to be increased beyond any
other, it is the one at Key West; but we could not
do it without giving cause of complaint perhaps.
The rule which is applied in the regulation of the
salaries is a very unsatisfactory one in some cases,
1 confess.
Mr. SHIELDS. I presume it is not compe-
tent for me to move an amendment to the amend-
ment now. But I see that the salary of the judge
of the district court of Missouri is $2,000, and
that of the judge of the district court of Illinois is
only $1,500. The labor of the judge of the dis-
trict court of Illinois is greater than that of the
judge in Missouri. I shall, at a proper time, pro-
pose to put the salaries of the two judges on the
same footing.
The question was then taken on the amendment
offered to the amendment by the Senator from
Maryland, [Mr. Pratt,] and it was agreed to.
Mr. MASON. I learn from the honorable
Senator who has charge of this amendment that
the salary nf the judge of the western district of
Virginia was not before the committee. I was
not aware that the subject of ihe increase of these
salaries was before them, or I should have pre-
sented the case to them. At the last session, a
bill was reported from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, passed the Senate but did not pass the
House, and cannot pass there now, fixing the sal-
ary of the judge of that districtat $2,500. I move
to amend the amendment by inserting a provision
to that effect.
Mr. BUTLER. I thought that bill had passed
both Houses. It was taken up out of its order
! here. I recollect that it was amended by increas-
' ing the salary of the district judge of New Hamp-
shire also, and I thought it had become a law.
Mr. HALE. No, s r.
Mr. BUTLER. If it did not pass, in my opin-
ion it ought to pass now.
l, Mr. BRADBURY. We have made the scale
I of compensation to correspond somewhat to the
amount of duties performed. 1 am satisfied that
the honorable Senator from Virginia fixes the
compensation greater than is given by the scale
to other judges throughout the country for the
sarile amount of duties performed. It is perfectly
obvious that if we try to adjust the salaries by
each Senator prescribing for his own State, it will
be a scramble here by each one to get the salary
of the judge in his own State as high as possible.
If there are errors in this bill, as doubtless there
are, they can be corrected hereafter. But appeals
are made by Senators from every State, to the
committee, that the salaries of the judges in each
State may be increased. The committee cannot,
in all cases, be aware of the amount of labor de-
volved upon the judge. They were governed in
their decision in part by a reference to the salary
paid to the chief justice of the highest court in
each State. In the eastern district of Virginia,
the salary of the judge is $1,800, and in the west-
ern district it is $1,600. The duties are not ardu-
ous, the judges being obliged to sit but a very
small portion of the year, and 1 venture to say
that there are very few offices under the State
government of that State that are as desirable as
th se of thesejudges.
Mr. HUNTER. I am afraid these amend-
ments are going to embarrass the bill. We cannot
have up the whole subject of the judiciary of the
country, and regulate salaries and fees upon it.
We shall not have time to do that.
Mr. GWIN. Is this fixing the salaries of dis-
trict attorneys ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No, sir; but
the salaries of judges.
Mr. GWIN. If it relates to attorneys, we have
just passed a fee bill,and the ink of the signature
of the President, making it a law, scarcely dry.
I hope we are not now going to have additional
! legislation on the same subject. I do hope the Ju-
diciary Committee at least, will let us have a few
! months to try the new law. If it does not work
; well, we can consider it at the next Congress and
i alter it.
Mr. BUTLER. This relates only to the salary
of judges
Mr. GWIN. But the attorneys follow.
Mr. MASON. In reply to the Senator from
I Maine, who has charge of the amendment, I will
say that a bill to increase the salary of the judge
of the western district of Virginia was reported by
his committee at the last session. It was well ma-
tured then, and I think it is perfectly right that the
amendment to the amendment should pass now.
Mr. WALKER. As I understood the amend-
ment when it was read, I thought there was some
lack of uniformity in the compensation to begiven
to judges. I therefore think the compensation
must have been fixed by the committee by some
very indefinite rule. What that rule was, 1 do not
know.
Mr. BUTLER. The salaries of the State
judges.
Mr. WALKER. The fact must be admitted
by every one who will look at that provision, that
there is a most extraordinary diversity in the
| compensation given to thejudges. The chairman
1 of the Committee on the Judiciary [Mr. Butler]
1 says, in a kind of side-bar way, that the rule for
fixing the compensation was taken from the States.
I suppose he means that the highest salary which
the States give their judges, is such a salary as we
should be willing to allow. That would be a very
unjust rule, it seems to me; for we know that the
rate of compensation fixed in some States may be
governed for the time being by some particular
state of feeling in regard to men, and it will not be
regulated by the amountof duties to be performed,
or the importance of those duties. Read the
amendment carefully, and then tell me if there is
not the most marked difference in the rate of the
salaries given to judges who reside north of a
given line, and that given to those who reside
south of that line. I cannot account for this. It
may be that in the southern States the expenses
of living are so much greater than in the northern
States, that there is a necessity for giving the
judges a higher compensation. If that be so, it
would be a good reason for the increase of com-
pensation. But for my own part, I can scarcely
believe there is much difference. I can scarcely
believe there is so much difference between Lou-
isiana and Michigan as this amendment proposes
to establish. It may be there is agreater amount
of duty to be performed by the judge in the one
place than in the other; but it would seem that
there could scarcely be so great a difference as is
proposed in the amendment now before theSenate.
What has a judge to do? He has to give his time
to the public, and he can do no more if his salary
is increased. The character of the litigation, and
the degree of its importance, must be about as
great in one section of the country, where this
jurisdiction attaches at all, as it is in another.
The cases which fall within the jurisdiction of the
courts have about the same character throughout
the United States. Then, if a judge can but give
his time, and can give no more, it is his duty to
give the whole of it. I cannot see why there is
such a difference in the rates of compensation as
this proposition would create. Much less can I
see any reason for establishing them upon this
bill. We have just laid aside one amendment
which was offered to the bill, because we had not
time to discuss it, and because it was moved on an
improper occasion, and to an appropriation bill.
Now, if I understand this, a distinct bill has
been reported from the committee making provis-
ion for an increase of the salaries of the judges;
but here the proposition is offered as an amend-
ment to the civil and diplomatic appropriation
bill, and it must be taken as an exception to the
general principle, without discussion, and without
looking into it to see the reason why the discrim-
ination is made in the salaries of judges in the
different States. We are to take it, and it must
be put upon the bill, and it must go to the coun-
try. It will produce dissatisfaction. I am per-
fectly confident that if you will give the Senate
an opportunity to deliberate and consider and
bebate this matter, a more uniform system than
that proposed by the Committee on the Judiciary
can be adopted. I wish that the proposition be-
fore us might not be adopted, for I am perfectly
confident that the result of it would be that the
judges to whom it is proposed to give the smaller
salaries would complain, and think that all ought
to be leveled up to the highest rate. It would be
doing the country a great injustice, for you never
see those which are fixed too high leveled down.
A Senator. The salary of a judge cannot be
decreased during the term of his appointment.
Mr. W ALKER. Very true; the salaries can-
not be brought down during the time for which
the incumbents are appointed, for the Constitu-
tion protects them in that respect, but the level-
ing up will take place. If the judge lives in a
portion of country where living is cheap he will
have his salary leveled up to that of a judge where
the living is more expensive, and the country will
have to bear the burden. I hope the amendment
will not pass.
Mr. CHARLTON. I will ask for the yeas
and nays on this proposition, and I have a few
words to say with reference to the remarks of the
honorable Senator from Wisconsin, and in refer-
ence to this general question. I shall be exceed-
ingly brief. I am perfectly conscious that we
should not waste time in words. It is very true
that, comparatively speaking, we have but a very
few moments of the session left, but it is equally
true that we should not be frightened out of our
propriety, or out of doing justice, merely for fear
of the result upon the bill. I do not think that
the whole list of bills before the Senate shows one
by which we can do more justice to the country
than in passing the measure which is now before
you. It is true that if all the other branches of
the Government are wrong in the application of
their rules, as long as the judiciary stands firm,
as long as you have a firm, intelligent, and impar-
tial judiciary, your country is safe. What avails
the passage of good laws if your judiciary is cor-
rupt? What avails the passage of sound and
wholesome legislation, if the judiciary are fools
or knaves? It is the bulwark of our freedom, and
this Congress of the United States—this branch
of our Government ought to set an example of
liberality to this country. It is a miserable econ-
omy which cuts down a proper amount of com-
