i85a.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
939
pensation to the judiciary department. One little
slip in a judicial decision will produce a greater
loss to your country in a single case, by estab-
ishing one wrong principle than all the money
which you are saving by your false economy. It
has been truly said by an eminent jurist, that the
most piteous spectacle that can be exhibited is
an imbecile judge surrounded by a brilliant bar.
There can be nothing more humiliating. Why
should we not extend the benefits which are pro-
posed, to the district judges? Let me give one
example to show the eminent propriety of the
measure. I agree with my friend from Wiscon-
sin in a great deal that he has said, and I will pro-
pose, before 1 sit down, a scale of rates of com-
pensation.
Mr. BUTLER. You cannot carry it.
Mr. CHARLTON. Yes, we can carry it, if
we are not so much afraid of what the people will
say. I have great faith in the people of this coun-
try. I believe they are intelligent enough, and
when the matter is explained to them, they will be
liberal enough to sustain us in any wholesome
legislation. I am willing, for one, to take the
responsibility, and so, I hope, every Senator is
willing to take the responsibility of acting in this
matter.
But I was going to give you one instance to
show the eminent propriety of raising these sala-
ries. Take the case of Georgia. I do not be-
lieve it is singular; I have no doubt there are other
States where the judges are entitled to an increased
salary. Ten years ago, when provisions were low
and living cheap, comparatively, you declared
thatthe salary of the judge of the district court in
Georgia should be $2,500 per annum. He had to
hold but four courts, and had no travel to make
at all. Now you have added another district to
his jurisdiction; you have given him a district in
the upper part of the State, and you require him
to attend that court at the extreme point of the
State from Savannah, and you pay none of the
traveling expense, although the amount of travel
is not less than thirteen hundred miles annually.
You have not given him a single cent in addition
to what he formerly received. You do not deal
in that way with your shoemaker or your car-
penter. If you contract with a man to build a
house with four rooms in it for a certain price,
and afterwards change your plan and make him
build it with eight rooms, will you not, upon prin-
ciples of justice, expect to increase his compensa-
tion?
We cut down the salary of judges by a miser-
able economy, and at last we shall have inclined
tread-mills, and put the judges on the top, and
make them administer justice and grind out the
corn of the State at the same time. No doubt, you
can get men to serve you for a small amount, but
their service may be fruitful in disasters to the best
interests of the country. Let us adopt a different
system of economy, and give to the judges in all
the States the salaries to which they are entitled.
Let them be well paid, and you can have compe-
tent men. Let us try the experiment. There are
some on the bench now probably, who do not de-
serve what they get. We have tried to starve them,
and they will not die. It is said, that reverses of
fortune sometimes kill people. Let us, then, try to
fill and feed them properly, and perhaps they will
die, and then we can supply their places. But
there are a great many judges of the district courts
who would be a credit, to the supreme court, and
I think the State of Georgia can furnish an in-
stance. I think other States can do the same.
But this is what I was going to say to the Sen-
ate: I think we ought to commence now a general
increase of compensation, and I suggest to the
friends of this measure to propose an amendment,
if it is in order to make it, to add $500 to the sal-
ary of each district judjge in the United States. I
believe there is not one who is not entitled to it. If
that view can be sustained, I will propose that.
But whether it can or cannot be sustained, I trust
that we will not be alarmed because gentlemen may
think that this will give rise to debate. There is
no wholesome legislation that does not give rise to
debate. You have not a question before you on
this appropriation bill that will not give rise to de-
bate. Let us stand firm. We cannot devote our
hours better in legislating than by creating a sound,
wholesome, and intelligent judiciary. I am willing
to waste, if it may be called so, every moment of
the session for the purpose of carrying through
this amendment. I believe it to be an amendment
which will be as wholesome, as proper, as correct
as any that can be brought before you.
Mr. BUTLER. One word of explanation. I
believe we ought to agree to this proposition, but
it is proper now that, as one of the committee, I
should reply to the Senator from Wisconsin. He
has intimated in his remarks, that there is a marked
discrimination with regard to the rate of the sal-
aries. I will say to the Senator, that the judges
who hold the courts at Boston, New York, Phila-
delphia, Baltimore, Charleston, Savannah, Key
W est, New Orleans and San Francisco, have five
times the business of those in the interior. And
if you will look at the matter, you will find that
those on the sea-board have an entirely different
jurisdiction, a different kind of business from the
others. Therefore it would not be proper to give
the addition of $500 in all cases, as my friend from
Georgia proposes. I say, with regard to those
judges, that they ought to have their salaries in-
creased. I agree with him fully in that; but this
is not the time nor the occasion to do it. I cannot
enlarge on these general topics, but the amend ment
has been prepared so far as regards the different
sections, without any reference to either North or
South, East or West. It has looked to the amount
of business which the judge has to do. We know
that a judge in the interior of the country has not
half as much to do as one upon the sea-board. We
endeavored to regulate the salaries, so that the
amount should depend upon the amount of busi-
ness, and the nature of the business to be done,
and the expense of living which the judges must
necessarily incur.
Mr. BRADBURY. I will detain the Senate
but a moment. There seems to be some misap-
prehension on the part of some Senators with re-
gard to the amendment, as if the committee had
undertaken to regulate the salaries of all the district
judges throughout the United States. The com-
mittee to^k such evidence as they had before them.
The subject had been referred to them. They
examined as carefully as they could the amount of
business which devolved upon the judges. They
then considered the salaries paid to the highest judi
cial officers in the States themselves. They had re-
gard to the expense of living, and they then endeav-
ored' to equalize and establish the salaries of these
few pressing cases which seemed to demand it; and
beyond that they did not undertake to go. One
word is due in answer to the remarks of the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin, [Mr. Walker,] who re-
ferred to the increase of the salary of the district
judge in Louisiana. We had some reference to
the salaries paid to the chief justice in the highest
court in the State. In Louisiana the chief justice
has a salary of $5,500, and that is regarded by the
State as a fair equivalent for his services. The
district judge of the United States court in that
district, has an immense amount of business to
perform. He is constantly employed, and he re-
sides in a city where the price of living is very
expensive. We did not put the salary of the
| judge of the district court up to that of the chief
justice of the State court, but left it at $2,000 less
—at $3,500.
Mr. BORLAND. I would inquire if we did
not, a few years ago, in view of the increased
business in Louisiana, give two judges to that
court instead of one?
Mr. BRADBURY. A new district was estab-
lished; but still, nearly all the business devolves
upon the judge of the southern district. In the
State of Wisconsin the salary of the chief justice
of the State court is $1,500, and that of the judge
of the district court of the United States is the
same. There are no extraordinary duties devolv-
ing upon the judge of the district court in that
State, and we did not disturb his salary. The
Senator from Georgia intimates that it would be
expedient to increase the salaries of all the judges
by adding $500 to them. So far as the salary of
the judge of the district of Maine is concerned,
I will say, that he wrote a letter to the Senators
in Congress, protesting against any increase of
his salary. He says he receives a fair compen-
sation, and is willing to devote himself—as he
does most faithfully and ably—to the duties of
his office, for the compensation which he receives.
I think it is perfectly obvious, that if we go into
these amendments, the amendment of the com
mittee will have to be withdrawn. If there are
inequalities, we can amend them afterwards. I
was instructed by the Committee on the Judici-
| ary to offer these rates of compefisation. 1 cer-
tainly do not desire to embarrass the appropria-
| tion bill by it; but I hope the Senate will act on
the amendment.
Mr. HUNTER. I believe the amendment will
embarrass the appropriation bill. We have as
much on it as it can carry. I hope the amendment
will be voted down. 1 know nothing about its
merits. I only know it will embarrass the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
•8 oil the amendment offered by the Senator from
Virginia [Mr. Mason] to the amendment.
Mr. MALLORY. I trust we shall have the
vote on the question as it came from the committee.
There is no question before the Senate in which
the public interest is so much concerned. We in-
trusted this subject to a very able committee, and
they have presented this amendment. I think we
should receive their report precisely as they pre-
sent it. It is due to them that we should do so.
We have received already one amendment. I
, therefore shall feel bound, as the committee have
provided for but one of the districts in the State
of Florida, and as the other judge is fully entitled
to the increase, if amendments are to be received,
to offer an amendment giving$3,000 to him. But
I have abstained from this on the ground that I
desire to vote for the amendment as it came from
the committee, and not attempt to regulate the
salaries of the judges of the interior districts. If
we can have a vote on the amendment of the com-
mittee, I shall not offer my amendment.
Mr. DOWNS. I believe that the Conunittee
on the Judiciary approved of this amendment in
committee, but I would not take the responsibility
for the details of it. I am very much astonished
that the Senator.from Wisconsin has made a sec-
tional matter of it. It was reported by a gentle-
man from the extreme North. I agree with the
Senator from Florida, [Mr. Mallort,] that if
anything is to be done, we should take the report
of the committee as it is. Otherwise I shall move
to amend it; for I think that a great injustice in
the report is, that it falls short in relation to the
compensation which should be paid to the district
judge in Louisiana. His business there is im-
mense. Not only the business of a great commer-
cial port, but a great portion of the business of
the valley of the Mississippi is in that court. Our
judges of the State district courts receive $4,000;
the chief justice receives a salary of $5,500; and
the judge of the supreme court receives $5,000.
I shall not object to the amount given, because I
know it is better to have half a loaf rather than no
bread. I wish, however, to have a slight verbal
amendment made in the clause which relates to the
district of Louisiana. The salary of the district
judge is named "for the district of Louisiana."
It is indefinite, as there are two districts. I hope,
therefore, it will be amended to make it the east-
ern district.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That will be
done if there is no objection.
There was no objection.
Mr. MASON. If the Senate will listen to me
one moment, I will state that here is a bill which
passed this body at the last session. It was re-
ported from the Committeeon the Judiciary, taking
the western district of Virginia as an excepted
case. It was matured in that committee, discussed
in this body, and passed here, giving that judge a
salary of $2,500. I submit to the Senate, when
the purpose of the committee was to enlarge cer-
tain salaries, whether it will be right to make this
omission ? It was a bare omission of the com-
mittee in reporting the amendment.
Mr HALE. X would ask the Senator from
Virginia what is the title of that bill ? I happen
to recollect how it passed.
Mr. MASON. It is "An act to change the
time for holding the courts of the district and cir-
cuit courts in the western district of Virginia, and
for other purposes."
Mr. HALE. Yes, sir.
Mr. WALKER. I was not aware that I based
my objection to the amendment upon sectional
grounds. I called the attention of the Senate to
the fact that there seemed to be a preponderance
in favor of high salaries in the southern States
over those in the northern. But there may be, as
I said before, reasons for it. It may be that the
means of living are more expensivein the South,or
that the judges have greater duties to perform there.
