940
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
But I mentioned that it struck me as a peculiarity
in the arrangement of the salaries. But in reply
to the Senator from Georgia, [Mr. Charlton,] I
will ask him if he expects really to increase the
amount of talent in these judges by increasing the
amount of pay ? It may induce men, possessing
a greater amount of talent than the present incum-
bents have, to present themselves for the station
when the present incumbents are off the stage.
But I do not believe great meft are always super-
induced by the amount of the pecuniary consider-
ation which you offer. In point of fact, at the
present rate of the salaries they do nothing more
than their duty. And if they do in some instances
neglect their duty and become inefficient in the
public service, or if they are not well informed,
there is a mode of getting rid of them. They can
be impeached. I do not see that the argument is
well taken that we must, in order to obtain greater
efficiency in the occupants of the bench, give them
a greater amount of pay. I cannot sympathize
with that idea.
But to recur to anotherobjection which I made:
it is, that the amendmentis offered upon this bill. I
was one of those who were anxious to vote on the
question of abolishing the duties on railroad iron.
But the argument was used, that the amendment
to that effect was introduced in an improper place,
and it had to go down. There are various other
propositions which I should be glad to see adopted;
but the Senate seems to have decided that we are
not to take up these incongruous subjects and have
them acted upon on this bill. When we look at
the lack °f uniformity in the salaries proposed to
be given by the amendment, and when we consider
the scanty materials before the committee, which
they could act upon, we cannot, it seems to me,act
upon this amendment without a mere mature con-
sideration of the interests involved than we can
now give it.
Mr. PETTIT. I shall vote for the highest rate
of compensation which the amendment proposes.
I have held that the greatest curse that ever befell 1
a free people is an attempt to starve their salaried
officers to death. There is nothing that renders
men so inefficient, so dependent, and so worthless
for their posts. The honorable Senator from
Wisconsin may talk as much as he pleases about
increasing or not increasing the talents or the
minds of judges by increasing their salaries. Sir, '
perhaps talent or mind, or its activity or capacity
to act, consists more in the examination of books,
and the learning and studying of the principles ,
contained in them, than it does in native or ori-
ginal organization. And if you give a judge a
liberal salary, he will be at least able to expend a J,
few dollars for new books to read, which may
carry liim on with the progress of the science
that he is necessarily compelled to administer.
Many of the judges, not only of the United States
courts, but still more of the State courts, are com-
pelled almost to hoe the ground, to plow and
cultivate the soil, to obtain the means of living in
comfort. Or they are compelled to do as I once ij
heard ofa Governor of Rhode Island beingobliged
to do: he had so small a salary that he was com-
pelled to keep a few cows and peddle the milk in
the city of Providence, in order to make a living.
Sir, pay your officers liberally. There are two
reasons for it. In the first place, that you may
get competent, well-qualified men; that the best
men in the State may be induced to take the posi-
tion. And in the next place, that they may feel .
disposed to give due activity and their entire time
to the discharge of the duties of their office, or in
the improvement of their minds in order to fit
them for the discharge of them, and so that they
may be above the necessity of pursuing any other ,
employment, and to put them above the necessity
of seeking, by any indirection, for other compen-
sation. Of all the wrongs and all the miseries
and all the frauds, nine out of ten, in my judg-
ment, that have ever befallen any country which
has sought to establish and maintain free institu- '
tions, have resulted from this beggarly penury in
paying its public servants.
Allow me to notice a fact that occurred in my
own State. In the State of Indiana, the district j
judge is paid a salary of $1,500 a year, and within !'
my memory, a gentleman who was tendered the '
office refused to accept it. He was a man of the ;
highest order of intellect and capacity.
Mr. RUSK. Name him. j
Mr. PETTIT. I will name him. His name'1
was Charles Dewey, a cousin of the Rev. Orville
Dewey, known to all of you. He refused to ac-
cept the judgeship because the salary was inade-
quate. Senators here are conversant with the fact,
and assisted in procuring the appointment for him,
and he absolutely refused to accept it. That is
the situation of the case. I am not acquainted
with the difference in the salaries given to northern
and southern judges. I am not quite clear in my
mind that there is not an unreasonable discrimina-
tion. I believe that Tennessee is an interior State
as well as Indiana, and that she has two districts,
an eastern and awesterntand that the judge of
the one west of the mountains, which is an interior
district entirely, where there can be scarcely any
business, receives a greater salary than thedistrict
judge in Ohio, Indiana, or Illinois.
I am not quite satisfied because a judge lives in
a maritime district, or on the sea-coast, that he
will have more labor to perform. The district
attorney may have much more to do, but the judge
may not. It does not follow that the judges have
more cases on the docket, or more labor to per-
form than the judges who reside in the interior,
and preside over the interior courts. It is true
that we have not business to the same extent in
Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois, yet we have some of
it. We have the business of the Government,
and, in the next place, added to that, it is used
almost exclusively, or to a great extent, as a col-
lecting court for Boston, New York, Philadelphia,
Baltimore, and all the maritime and commercial
cities of the East. They send their claims against
the western merchants, for collection, to theWest,
and that court is resorted to, and I doubt—though
I am not prepared to say from my knowledge of
the fact—whether the number of cases actually
docketed and tried each year in the court in Indi-
ana, is not equal to those tried in the courts of
many of the commercial cities. From that fact,
not that the legitimate business is larger—and I
do not mean to say that any of it is illegitimate;
for it is proper and right that parties out of the
State should bring suits there—the business in that
, court is perhaps as great as that in many of the
courts in the maritime districts. I do not see with
what propriety the Senator from Virginia [Mr.
Mason] can ask that the salary of the judge of the
western district in Virginia shall be increased at a
rate greater than other judges. That district in
Virginia cannot be said to be a commercial district,
and Virginia is not a commercial State. I believe
it is rather an agricultural or producing State, and
especially in the western portion.
Mr. MASON. It is on the Ohio border.
Mr. PETTIT. Yes, sir; and so is Indiana on
the same Ohio border, and Ohio also, to a greater j
extent even than Indiana; yet we have but one
judge, and with a less salary and more business
than the judge of the western district of Virginia.
The salary of the judge in Western Virginia is
already §2,000, while the judges in Illinois, Indi-
ana, and Ohio are paid only $1,500. An attempt
is now made to raise the salary of the judge of
the western district of Virginia to $2,500. I say
to the Senator that I am willing to raise it. I be-
lieve that by raising it he will have a more effi-
cient judge out of the present incumbent; for that
judge will be able and will feel some inducement
to send to New York, to Boston, or to Philadel-
phia, to procure for his use some new books. I
think that may be very desirable, because, al-
though he may be a very learned and a very able
judge, he may still continue to learn more in the
progressive science. I am in favor of the in-
crease of the salary. I shall, at the proper time,
move an amendment, providing that the district
judge in Indiana shall hereafter be paid ^2,000 a
year. I want to put him in a comfortable condi-
tion. We are not very anxious about making
money; our people care but little about the " filthy-
lucre," but I want the salary to be such that the
best of our men and the ablest jurists will not re-
fuse to accept the judgeship.
Mr. BELL. I do not want to interfere in this
debate between the Senators from Virginia and
Indiana, but I do not wish Tennessee to be un-
derstood to be so great a beneficiary of the Gov-
ernment as the Senator from Indiana represents it
to be. We have three judicial districts in Ten-
nessee.
Mr. PETTIT. That is worse and worse.
Mr. BELEj. The State is about seven hundred
miles long from the northeast to the southwest,
and the judge has to travel over a range of moun-
tains in going from one part of the State to an-
other. He has to sit twice in the year.
Mr. PETTIT. Is there but one judge ?
Mr. BELL. But one judge; and I think the
Senator from Virginia is rather unreasonable in
asking that the judge of the district court in the
western district of Virginia should receive an in-
crease in his salary to the amount of $1,000, when
the judge of the district court in Tennessee, who
has three districts to preside over, gets but $1,500.
Mr. MASON. I did not ask that it should be
$2,500. The Senate passed a bill to that effect,
which was reported from the committee, at the
last session.
Mr. BELL. I did not understand that part of
the case. I have not engaged in this debate, and I
have offered no amendment; not, however, because
I did not think that under all the circumstances,
the amount of travel and the amount of labor of
the judge in the three districts of Tennepsee would
authorize an increase in the salary of the judge.
I think there should be an increase of the salary
of judges in the interior districts. But, sir, I do
not move it, and I do not mean to move it upon a
distinct ground. I think that it is a matter of em-
inent national importance to have our judges well
paid. I believe that the confederacy of the States
j will be strengthened by it, and that no detriment
j will come from a large extension of the judiciary,
both of the circuit courts, and, to some extent, the
district courts. I have heretofore on two occa-
sions, and at two different sessions of Congress,
moved that the State of Tennessee should have
two district judges, one east of the Cumberland
mountains. And I have not moved any increase
in the salary of the present incumbent, trusting
that Congress would accede to that proposition.
The Judiciary Committee of the Senate at one
time recommended that arrangement, but for some
reason or other it has failed to be acted on, and
that arrangement has not been made for Tennes-
see. If it is not done, upon every reason and every
principle which has been urged here to-day, the
salary of the district judge of Tennessee ought to
be increased. But I look to the next Congress to
do justice to the State, and give it two judicial dis-
tricts.
Mr. HUNTER. If we can have a vote I shall
not interpose; but unless we can have the vote,
1 shall feel constrained to appeal to the Senator
from Maine to withdraw the amendment which
he has proposed to the bill. There are numerous
amendments to be proposed, and it will take us
to a late period of the night to finish the bill.
1 Mr. BRADBURY. I will state to the Senator
from Virginia, [Mr. Mason,] that I think there
are numerous districts where the claims for an
increase of salary are quite as strong as in the dis-
trict alluded to by him, especially in Tennessee,
where the judge has three districts, and in Penn-
sylvania. If, then, we depart from the report of
the committee, I am satisfied that it will lead to
I so much debate that it will be betteV to withdraw
the amendment. It is but fair to carry out the
amendment as proposed by the committee. We
do not desire to carry out the principle through-
out, but to leave the few cases which are not em-
braced in the amendment to the future, to deter-
mine in what other cases an increase of salary
may be demanded. The bill to which the Sen-
ator from Virginia [Mr. Mason] refers, was a
bill which by its title would not suggest the idea
that there was any increase in the salary of a
judge included in it; and I can say, as one of the
members of the Judiciary Committee, that the
idea of an increase of salary did not present itself
to my mind.
Mr. MASON. The bill was reported from the
Judiciary Committee, of which the honorable Sen-
ator was a member. He was not in his place, I
suppose, when the bill was considered.
Mr. BRADBURY. We had not the matter of
salary before us then; but when the subject of sal-
ary was before us at this session, we did not know
that there was anything in that bill relating to an
increase of salary. Its title did not suggest any-
thing of the sort.
Mr. BUTLER. I will explain that to the Sen-
ator from Virginia. When the bill came up in the
Senate to change the time for holding the courts in
that district, I moved to increase the salary of the
judge to $2,500, because somebody suggested that
it ought to be done. It was perhaps a large in-
