942
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
Mr. BRADBURY. I desire to say one word.
It is obvious that almost every Senator stands
ready to propose amendments ill reference to his
own State. I will state with regard to the amend-
ment already adopted as an amendment to the
amendment offered by the committee, that it was
an omission by the committee, so far as Mary-
land is concerned; and that I am instructed by a
majority of the committee to state to the Senate
that if any further amendment is made to the
proposition submitted by the Judiciary Commit-
tee, we must withdraw the amendment. 1 hope
the Senator from Virginia will withdraw his prop-
osition and take what is awarded by the commit-
tee, and trust to the future. I therefore announce,
that if any amendment is adopted, I shall feel con-
strained, by my instructions, to withdraw the
amendment.
Mr. BRODHEAD. If we trust to the future,
those States which have judges properly paid will
not give that support to others where they are not.
The Committee on the Judiciary has been led into
a great mistake with reference to the compensa-
tion in Pennsylvania, in consequence of not know-
ing that the judges of the State courts receive a
'per diem. 1 he judges of the supreme court and
the chief justice of the State receive a per diem.
I must therefore move an amendment increasing
the salary of the judges of both the eastern and
western districts of Pennsylvania, upon the rule
which has been stated by the honorable Senator
from Maine, as that by which the committee fixed
the salaries of the judges, which was, the giving
of them a salary somewhat corresponding to that
of the judgfcs of the highest State court. I think
that great injustice will be done according to that
rule as it has been applied in Pennsylvania. I
must, therefore, move an amendment.
Mr. HUNTER.. May I make one more appeal
to the Committee on the Judiciary to withdraw
the amendment?
Mr. BORLAND. If this is to be withdrawn I
shall have nothing to say. j
Mr. HUNTER. I ask the committee to with- I
draw it. It is obvious that amendments will come I
from almost every State in the Union, and we
shall not dispose of this subject to-day, to say !
nothing of the bill. i
Mr. BRADBURY. My instructions are, that
if my amendment is adopted  1
Mr. BUTLER. Withdraw it.
Mr. SHIELDS. I hope the Senator will with-
draw it, because I can show him a case that will
satisfy him that an amendment is needed. I do
not want to go into it now.
Mr. RUSK. I wish to offer an amendment if
it is not withdrawn. 1
Mr. BUTLER. I hope the gentleman who has ]
charge of the amendment will withdraw it. I
think it should be adopted to some extent. Others
perhaps will suffer by it.
Mr. PRATT. I hope it will not be withdrawn.
I do not see the objection to having amendments
offered to it. We all agree that the judiciary are
paid too little. Suppose amendments are offered ,
here, no one wants to debate them. Andsuppose
amendments are adopted. We all agree that they
are right, that the whole judiciary ought to have
their salaries raised. Suppose they are all agreed
to; does the Senator from Virginia believe that this
bill is going to be defeated by its going to the House
of Representatives, with increased salaries for every
one of the judicial officers of the Government? It
will give it friends in the House of Representatives.
It will be the means of passing it.
Mr. BRADBURY. I shall withdraw the amend-
ment if any one is adopted.
Mr. PRATT. If we adopt an amendment be-
cause the salary is too small, I do not see any ob-
jection to it.
Mr. BORLAND. As I said before, if the
amendment is withdrawn, I have nothing to say;
but if it is pressed to a vote I have a word to say.
I have an amendment to propose.
Mr. BUTLER. Let us take the vote on the
amendment to the amendment.
Mr. BORLAND. I am not going to offer an
amendment now. I am going to discuss the prop-
osition before the Senate.
Mr. BUTLER. Very well. Go on.
Mr. BRADBURY. I have said that if any
amendment is adopted, changing the amendment
from its present shape, I shall withdraw it at
once.
Mr. HALE. You cannot prevent amendments
being offered.
Mr. BRADBURY. Then I withdraw the |
amendment.
Mr. PRATT. I object to it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. As the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Maine has been"
amended already, by the incorporation of the
amendment proposed by the Senator from Mary-
land, it can only be withdrawn by the consent of
the Senate.
Mr. BRADBURY. I hope that consent will j
be given.
The question being taken, leave was given to ,
withdraw the amendment. j
So the amendment was withdrawn. !
Mr. HAMLIN. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Commerce to offer the following amend-
ment, as an additional section:
Sec. — uil be it further enacted, That for the pur-
pose of obtaining the needful information, and for carrying
into effect the object of die resolution of the Senate, passed
January 19,1*53, a sum not exceeding $10,000 be, and the
same is hereby, appropriated, to be expended under the
direction of the Secretary of the Treasury, and paid from
any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
The Senate has already passed the resolution
authorizing and requiring a total revision of the
collection laws throughout the United States. To ,
do that, and to condense them, and put them into [
one volume—to take all the laws that have been
passed from 1799 to the present time, and con- i
dense them, and furnish the forms for collectors—
to equalize the salariesand make the commissions
alike in all the districts—to do all this and other
objects, the Senate have passed a resolution re-
quiring the Secretary of the Treasury to codify
the whole; and this appropriation is to provide
for that object. This appropriation meets the
unanimous approval of the Committee on Com-
merce, and it meets the approbation of the chair-
man of the Committee on Finance also.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN. I have another amendment,
which I am instructed by the Committee on Com-
merce to offer:
To equalize the salary of the collector at Chicago^ and
to make it equal to that of the Collector at Detroit,
and the salary of the collector at Chicago be, and the same
is hereby, established at that sum annually.
When the salary was established for the collect- I
or at Chicago, the place was small, and the salary
was fixed at $825. The place has more than
quadrupled its business since that time, and the
Department has recommended equalizing it to
make it equal to that at Buffalo, New York. On |
examination, it is found that the commercial trans-
actions at Chicago do not equal those at Buffalo,
but do exceed those at Detroit; and the committee
have unanimously instructed me to move the
amendment to place the collector at Chicago on
the same footing as the collector at Detroit.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Printing to offer the following amend-
mendment:
To pav for the actual loss sustained by the public printers
to the Thirtieth Congress, and which shall be in full,
$18,940 38. '
Mr. BRODHEAD. What is that?
Mr. HAMLIN. I will state in one word what
it is. At thelast session of Congress the Commit-
tee on Printing took up the accounts of the print-
ers, and made an adjustment of them which was
believed to be equitable, with the exception of the
accounts of the printers to the Thirtieth Congress,
Wendell & Van Benthuysen; and they show con-
clusively to the committee that they actually lost
$18,940 38. That is only enough to cover their
actual losses without paying one cent of profit, and
the committee have instructed me to offer this
amendment for that purpose. Taking the prices
paid to our other printers, it seems to me it is
equitable.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I ask for the yeas and
nays on that amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HAMLIN. Several Senators have come
into their seats since I offered the amendment,
and I beg to repeat substantially what I stated be- j
fore. Congress has by its action adjudicated its
accounts with all those who have been public print- j
ers, except those provided for by the amendment.
To Mr. Ritchie it gave $50,000, a great portion of I
which was really a profit, and to all the printers, I
I except Wendell & Van Benthuysen, Congress has
given a sum which remunerated them. Now,
these are the only printers who have not been
thus treated. The Committee on Printing has in-
structed me to report an amendment, to pay what
they believe to be the actual loss, without giving
a farthing of profit.
Mr. BRODHEAD. There are many mail and
other contractors who have had losses, and if we
adopt this principle we ought to include them.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. The speech of the gen-
tleman from Maine acknowledges partiality; it
acknowledges compensation, by way of donation,
to the public printers who have violated their con-
tract to make a profit. But in this case the Sen-
ator says the amount is confined to the mere com-
pensation for materials, without any profit at all.
It is therefore an acknowledgment that it is a par-
tial amendment. I am against the whole of these
things.
Mr. DAWSON. 1 desire to ask the chairman
of the Committee on Printing whether that com-
mittee investigated the matter, and ascertained the
facts which are stated, or whether the statements
are received from others?
Mr. HAMLIN. We have the facts both from
examination and from the statement of the Super-
intendent of the Public Printing, who is a political
: opponent of these men, and whose knowledge is
l[ equal to that of any printer in this District.
| Mr. WALKER. In regard to this matter, I feel
a good deal as the Senator from Kentucky says
that he does. I recollect a little about this case.
Before I advert to that, however, let me say, that
it seems to me that this is the second, third, or
I fourth acknowledgment on the part of the Senate
that it will give up, orcome down, whenever there
is a combination of the printing interest against it.
If I recollect right, in the very commencement by
these parties to execute their contract, there was
not a very fair manifestation on their part. If I
I am wrong, I will be glad to be corrected. But I
think these contractors are those who set out with
a wrong basis in publishing the public works or-
dered by Congress, by using a particular kind of
type for the purpose of distributing and scattering
the letters over the page, and putting as little on
as possible. They used the small pica type but on
a large pica body. Thus the letters were spread
over the page,and in this way, as I could show if
I had time, there was manifested a disposition to
treat the Senate unfairly. Now, if there had been
a printer, who, with an honest effort to execute
his contract, had sustained a loss, it might not be
a partiality to relieve him. But that is a case with
which this is not parallel.
Asa member of the Committee to Audit and
i Control the Contingent Expenses of the Senate,
I had some opportunity to hearthis matter spoken
of, and complaints in regard to it; and I venture
to say, there are members who remember taking
up the Patent Office Report, printed by these gen-
tlemen, and that it presented a most singular ap-
| pearance. It looked like a parcel of dots scattered
i over the page. I allude to that as but one in-
I stance. The printing was wretchedly done. I
■ remember one instance of this was pointed out to
i me by the Secretary of the Senate, where one page
j did not range with the other in its margin by three-
| quarters of an inch. On one side there was a
; margin of three quarters of an inch, and on the
j other the letters were cut off. It is manifest that
I contractors should not be encouraged in their
violation of a contract when the work was so im-
perfect. 1 do not see any good reason why we
should go forward to relieve them.
Mr. HAMLIN. I acknowledge all that the
Senator from Wisconsin has said in relation to
the printing. It was not done according to the
! contract. Neither was the contract made with the
j successor of these men discharged in any better
j manner; yet the Senate saw fit to make an ap-
propriation of $50,000 to the succeeding contract-
or, who did his work no better, and with no bet-
I ter materials.
I resisted them all, and voted against them all;
but when it was the sense of the Senate that they
would relieve that class of these printers, I believed
it was just and equitable that all should stand upon
the same footing. I would now, if it were a new
question, resist it, and I would hold onto thecon-
i tract system. The Senate saw lit to abandon it
| all and go into a different one, and in accordance
I with that decision of the Senate, I shall stand by
