1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
943
the present printing: system until it is fairly and
fully tried. But as the subsequent contractors did
110 better than these gentlemen, I think we do 110
moie than justice by putting these persons oil the
same footing as those who followed them. Besides,
between the time when this and the time when the
subsequent contracts were made, there were ad-
ditional securities, additional laws providing tor
preventing those detects in the printing afterwards
u hich had been disregarded. It is true that the
printing under the first contract was defective;
but the printers were not restricted as to the kind
of type. They used type with a small face upon
a laise body, making some difference in the price
of composition: yet if there is any justice in de-
partiiuf from the law in either case, there is equal
justice in it in this case.
Mr. BAYARD. I submit that this is out of
order. It seems to me that this case, under the
decision of the Senate with reference to the pri-
vate claim of Mr. Ritchie, cannot he discriminated
except in favor of that claim. I looked upon that
as declaratory. This is clearly a private claim,
and, without entering into the question of whether
it is proper that it should be allowed or not—hav-
ing formed no opinion upon it, though generally
disposed to yield to the recommendation of the
committee which reported it, as to the question of
fact—1 cannot vote for it as an amendment to this
bill, because I look upon it as a private claim. I
ask the decision of the Chair, whether itdoes not
come within that class of cases excluded by the
rules;
Mr. SEWARD. I wish to say a word upon >
that question of order. The same question was
raised at the last session—on almost its last day—
upon the claim of Thomas Ritchie, who had been
one of the printers to Congress. The Senate de-
cided that the claim of Thomas Ritchie of over
§100,000, of which «..">0,000 was a gratuity, was a
proper amendment to the civil and diplomatic ap-
propriation bill. 1 suppose the Senate respects
Creceiients. This principle would be established
v this precedent, and what was in order, and just,
and right a year ago, is equally so now. Tiieie-
fore, L claim the decision of the Chair in favor of
this amendment.
Mr. BAYARD. With regard to the precedent
alluded to by the Senator from New York, there
is this difference: At the last session, the amend-
ment was one which simply authorized the settle-
ment of the accounts of the public printer. There
was no appropriation, but there was a limitation
that the amount should not exceed a certain sum.
Therefore, according to a decision of a majority
of the Senate, it did not come within the rule.
But at this session, and this very day, you have
rejected, under the rule, an amendment merely !
explanatory of that law.
Mr. SEWARD. I wish to know whether
Thomas Ritchie did not get a large sum of money
under that very clause in that very civil and diplo-
matic appropriation bill? If he did, then it was
an appropriation.
Mr. BAYARD. There was no appropriation.
Mr. SEWARD. He got the money, whether
there was an appropriation or not. The ground
on which the question of order is now raised, is
that the amendment .ippropriates money. I think,
therefore, that the Senate is committed on the
question, unless there be some difference between
the positions of the two parties.
Mr. COOPER. Do 1 understand, Mr. Presi-
dent, that the question of order has been made?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
of order has been raised.
Mr. COOPER. 1 do not propose to say any-
thing on the question of order, but I shall on the
claim, if the question of order shall not be decided
in conformity with the views of the Senator from
Delaware.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Badger.)
The Chair has no recollection of the particular
case referred to by the Senator from New York.
If the case was parallel to this, and has been de-
cided by the Senate, of course I should feel bound
to respect the precedent then established. But
unless there is something in that decision which
fixes a different construction upon the rule, the
Chair cannot understand this amendment as be-
ing anything but a private claim. There are no
accounts to be settled; there is nothing in it in
which the public is interested. It relates to a past
transaction in which certain employees of the Sen-
ate have been paid under a contract; and this is a
proposition to pay them a certain additional sum.
The judgment of the Chair is, that it is cleaily a
private claim, and therefore out of order.
Mr. HAMLIN. I then desire to offer another
amendment:
" And it is hereby declared that the provision in ihese
word--.: 'And for printing the obituary notice* ot the de-
'ceasp ol President Titylur, *;ud contractor shall be paid
' tlie actual cost, wuh a (until of twenty per centum, accord-
'uig to the second prov iso of the fii>t section of the act
'making appropriations for the civil and diplomatic e\
' penses ot llie Government, for the year eliding the -ii 111 of
' J line. 1853, and forother purposes, in relation to printing,'
be, and the same is hereby, eons-trued to mean that the
compensation for printing the obituary notices of the de-
cease of President Ta> tor shall be in addition to the sum
of ,>>(1,0110 allowed in "the same section to Thomas Ritchie,
assignee of William M. Belt."
1 desire to say a word in relation to that amend-
ment. The proviso in the law referred to, which
authorized the payment to Mr. Ritchie of the cost
of the work, wiih twenty per centum as profit,
was offered, 1 believe, by myself in the Senate.
Mr. BORLAND. It was offered by the Sen-
ator from Maryland, [Mr. Pearce.]
Mr. HAMLIN. By the Senator from Mary-
land. A discussion which then took place, and
in which 1 participated, will show that, as a mem-
ber of the Printing Committee at that time, I
stated expressly that my view of it was—and I so
understood the Senator who offered it to regard it
—that Mr. Ritchie was to receive precisely what
he had paid for printing that work, with twenty
per centum as his profit. He had the printing of
that work executed in Philadelphia. It was not
work executed at his own office. The Comptroller,
however, now mingles it with the sum of $50,000,
which he was to have on the readjudicating and j
readjusting of his claim. It is to remedy that, j
that the Committee on Printing has reported this i
construction of the law.
Mr. PEARCE. 1 did not favor the appropri-
ation, by which the large allowance to Mr. Ritchie
was made at the last session. But I am bound to
say, that when 1 introduced the construction which
it is now proposed to declare, I entertained the
same views which are now suggested by the Sen-
ator from Maine. 1 had supposed that we should
pay over and above the §50,000, the actual cost of
the printing of that particular work in Philadel-
phia. Certainly that was my understanding, and
I can, therefore, have no objection to the pending
amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Badger.)
The Chair has now the precedent to which the
Senator from New York alluded, and it certainly
does not affect the question as to the amendment
which was ruled out of order a few moments since.
The amendment in that case was as follows:
" Provided, That in settling the accounts for the printing
of the Thirty-first TJongress, one hall of the prices given by
the joint resolution of 1819, be allowed, not exceeding the |
amounts thai would be paid nnder the respective contracts,
if settled bv the prices named in the bill of the House of
Representative*, passed nn the 31st of July, in regard to ihe
public printing, estimating the paper at the actual cost
thereof, to W paid out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated."
That amendment was ruled to be in order by
the Presiding Officer. An appeal was taken, and
upon the question of the appeal, the Senate was
equally divided, and the Presiding Officer held that
that affirmed his decision.
Mr. SEWARD. What is the decision of the
Chair in regard to the amendment just submitted?
| The PRESIDING OFFICER. Itisanamend-
i ment declaring the interpretation which is to be
I put upon a preexisting law, and nothing more.
The Chair sees nothing in it to rule it out of order.
I Mr. SMITH. I wish to call the attention of
the Senate to the fact that the documents of the
. last session of the last Congress, which every Sen-
ator is entitled to receive—that is, the bound doc-
uments—have not been received to this day. I
have not received my documents, except one in
two or three volumes. The great mass of the doc-
uments which Mr. Ritchie was bound to print
and deliver have not been bound and delivered till
S this day. I am not willing to vote him another
dollar, until these documents are put into the
hands of Senators. 1 do not know how far this is
to proceed. I suppose he has been paid out of the
Treasury $50,000 of the public money, in addition
to his contract, and yet the Senate have not re-
ceived the proportion of the public documents to
which they were entitled at the last session of last
Congress. Whether they will be received, I do
not know. I have wanted these documents. I
have desired them on certain occasions for refer-
ence, and I presume others have also. I think
Senators will concur with me in saying that they
have not been delivered to this day. I desire, be-
fore we hand over |,5,(J00 more to this gentleman,
to have some security that these documents shall
be bound and delivered to members. I will move
a modification, that this appropriation shall not
take effect until all the documents are printed, and
bound, and delivered, according to the contract.
Mr. BRADBURY. I would inquire whether
Mr. Ritchie was the printer at the last session of
Congress?
Mr. BORLAND. Mr. Ritchie was the as-
signee of William M. Belt, the contractor for the
printing for the last Congress. In answer to the
Senator from Connecticut, with regard to his hav-
ing failed to supply the documents, all I have to
say is, that before Mr. Ritchie's accounts could
be audited for these documents, the officers of the
two Houses of Congress had to account for the
documents which lie was bound to supply under
his contract; and they did so account. 1 will slate
further, that when objection was made to the
character of the work, and the committee rejected
some of the work on account of its quality, the
Committee on Printingappointed a sub-committee,
and <he Senator from Connecticut was that sub-
committee. He was assigned the duty and he as-
sumed it, and 1 suppose performed it, and passed
upon what documents were to be received, and
after passing upon ihese documents they weie
receive:!, and the amount due was paid. Now,
whe her the number is short, or not, I do not
know. The accounts were presented in regular
form, the officers of the two Houses of Congress
furnishing the proper evidence that they had taken
them under the supervision of the Senator from
Connecticut, the sub-committee appointed for that
purpose, and voluntarily undertaking to perform ii.
Mr. HAMLIN. I think my friend from Con-
necticut labors under a mistake. All the docu-
ments printed by Mr. Ritchie were deli vered long
ago, and I suppose each Senator has received alt
of the documents which the public printer was to
furnish. 1 can only say that my share was sent
to my room, and by me carried home. The Sen-
ator from Connecticut labors under a mistake.
The documents to which we were entitled at the
last session, which were to be printed by Mr.
Hamilton, have not been received. I think the
Senator from Connecticut has attributed to Mr.
Ritchie what belongs to Mr. Hamilton, and I am
told that Mr. Hamilton has deposited with the in-
dividual who binds for the Seriate all that we are
entitled to, and that we will have them soon.
! Mr. SMITH. I withdraw the motion that I
submitted to the Senate. I shall vote for the
amendment reported by the committee. But if I
find that my honorable friend is mistaken on this
subject, I will move its reconsideration.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I rise for the purpose
of getting some information, and I wish to state a
fact. I recollect perfectly well that this subject has
been talked about a good deal heretofore. It was
said in former discussions which have taken place
with regard to the compensation of Mr. Ritchie,
that upon investigation, it was found that in print-
ing a decision of the Supreme Court of theUnited
Slates, $1 25 was allowed for each pamphlet, which
was not worth twelve and a half cents. 1 think he
got upwards of $12,000 for printing that decision,
when the true amount, under the contract, was
only $1,000 or $2,000. I want to ascertin whether
the Committee on Printing, in their various esti-
mates, touched the difference between theprice that
should have been paid and what was actually re-
ceived for that document. Because, if that has not
been done, weshould not pay this $5,00t). I would
like to have some information with regard to the
question whether there has been any account made
of the difference which was paid between what
that document actually cost the Government, and
what it ought to have cost, and whether it has ever
] been deducted in any estimate compensating Mr.
Ritchie.
Mr. HAMLIN. 1 will answer that inquiry.
' When this subject was under consideration in this
; body at the last session, some Senator—the Sen-
| ator from Maryland [Mr. Pearce] indicates that
j it was himself—did propose an amendment, that
I the sum which Mr. Ritchie had received above
I that which the committee believed he should be
