944
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1.
paid for, should be deducted. That amendment
was voted down, and the Senate, therefore, when
making the appropriation of $50,000, so far as we
can draw any opinion from it, did deliberately
grant $50,000 in addition to that sum which Mr.
Ritchie had already received. According to my
recollection, he was entitled to something like
$0,000 for the job, and he got about $12,000.
I want to make one other statement. Mr.
Ritchie has been before the committee this year
with a memorial, and has attempted to show that
the sum of $50,000 was not what he was equitably
entitled to. The committee have investigated the
matter, and it is a part of this measure that we
have reported against all that. The report is to
carry out the law and what was the understanding
of the Senate.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I want to know from the
Committee on Printing how much they estimate
Mr. Ritchie's profits to be? I understand they
are twenty per cent. 1 want to know what is the
gross amount of that profit—if it is twenty per
cent, on $50,000?
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. Ritchie sent to Philadel-
phia and procured this job to be done in an office
there. He ha3 paid out of his own pocket subse-
quently to the passage of the law about $5,000.
Now, wiil we repay him, as we promised we
would? If we repay him just what he paid-out,
he gets nothing for his trouble and expense.
Therefore the committee provided that he shall
receive twenty per cent., which is to pay him for
his trouble and expense, and all his tranactions in
relation to it.
Mr. BRODHEAD. That does not answer the
question. I want to know how much profit he
received in the $50,000.
Several Senators. It was all profit.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I understood it was twenty
per cent. How much was the gross amount of
profit ?
Mr. SEWARD. The whole of it.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Something like $20,000 at
any rate. Then he gets $20,000 for violating the
contract.
Mr. HAMLIN. That is past now.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I know it is past, and our
evil deeds rise up against us; and as soon as we
do one wrong, it is followed by another. We
give to one, and then another comes and says we
must give to him because we gave to the other.
Mr. HAMLIN. I wish to make a definite re-
ply, because the Senator asks it. He wants to
know the amount of profit which Mr. Ritchie
made on the $50,000. No man can answer. I
stated last year, in my place, that a prudent, care-
ful, practical printer, would have done the work
in the way in which it was done, with no unne-
cessary expense about it, and no large and unne-
cessary outlays upon it, for the contract prices.
I believe so now. Did Mr. Ritchie so do it? I do
not believe he did; I have no idea that he did; in-
deed, I know he did not. Taking the necessary
expense and the large amount of capital invested,
it was my judgment then, and it is my judgment
now, that he may have received $20,000 for his
own time and wear and tear of type and the inter-
est of money invested, which would not be ten
per cent.
Mr. RUSK. Every time this subject comes up,
it seems to me that the excitement is increased.
Now, my own opinion is, that Mr. Ritchie has
not received any profit, and I place that upon the
statement of a man better qualified to judge of it
than I am; that is, the present Superintendent of
the Public Printing, John T. Towers. I will read
what he says on this subject:
OpriCE Superintendent Public Printing, )
February 9, 1853. J
Sir : In reply to your note, in reference to the printing
of the Thirty-first Congress, executed by Thomas Ritchie,
assignee of William M. Belt, I have to state, that I have
made a general comparison of the prices paid for the work
done for that Congress with the present prices paid for the
Congress printing, (under the law of 1853,) and find that,
in addition to the prices paid Mr. Ritchie, and the $50,000
appropriated last session for his benefit, it would require
about $*25,800 to make them equal to the present prices. I
have assumed the prices of 1852 as a basis upon which to
answer your inquiry, because 1 believe them to be a fair
compensation, anil no more, for the printing of Congress,
except the deduction of forty per cent, on extra copies of
documents exceeding twenty thousand in number, which
should be reduced.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, sir, your obe-
dient servant, JOHN T. TOWERS,
Superintendent of Public Printing.
Hon. E. M. T. Hunter, U. S. Senate.
The latter part of the letter was thought not ot
be very distinct, and he wrote this in addition:
Washington, February 15, 1853.
Sir: In reply to vour inquiry, " What I mean when I
' say, in the note to Mr. Hunter, that I believe tile present
'prices to be a fair compensation, and no more, for the
' printing of Congress, except the deduction of forty per
1 cent, on extra copies of documents exceeding twenty tliou-
' sand m number, which should be reduced ?" 1 have to say,
that 1 mean the deduction ut torty per cent, is too much,
and that it should be reduced to twenty percent.; and, in
estimating the comparison between what you have received
and the present prices, I based my calculation on the law
us it is—not as I think it should be.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
JOHN T. TOWERS, Superintendent.
Thomas Ritchie, Esq.
Mr. PEARCE. It is really a matter of no sort
of consequence at this time whether Mr. Ritchie,
by the allowance made to him at the last session
of Congress, received a large or a small profit, or
none at all. I was as much opposed as the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania was to the proposition to
pay Mr. Ritchie. But that is past and gone, and
the only question in controversy is, whether we
shall declare a construction of a provision of the
law of last year which the Comptroller, I believe,
views differently from some of those who voted
for it. Considering that the law passed was to
give that allowance, 1 cannot refuse to declare, as
I believe, that the construction proposed to be
given to that proviso was the true and proper con-
struction; and I think it ought to pass without
further debate.
Mr. BORLAND. I desire to say that the Sen-
ator from Maryland has expressed in a few words
precisely what the Committee on Printing meant
by its proposed amendment. It is not as to whether
Mr. Ritchie had received too much or too little,
but what did the law of the last session mean; and
this declares the meaning as we understand it.
Mr. SMITH. Injustice to myself and to Mr.
Ritchie, I wish to say that I have been misin-
formed in regard to the statement I made when I
was up before. The documents to which I re-
ferred I find have been printed; and there was a
misunderstanding by Mr. Anderson, the keeper
of the document room, as to the documents for
which I called. He understood me to inquire for
the documents of the last session, and not those
of the last session of the last Congress.
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment, and it was agreed to.
Mr. FISH. I desire to offer the following as
an additional section:
The Secretary of the Treasury is hereby authorized and
required to establish in the city of New York an office for
the receipt, and for the melting, refining, parting, and as-
saying of gold and silver bullion and foreign coin, and for
casting the same into bars, ingots, or disks. The assistant
treasurer of the United States in New York shall be treas-
urer of the said assay office, and the Secretary of the Treas-
sury shall, with the approbation and consent of the Presi-
dent of the United States, appoint such other officers and
clerks, and authorize the employment of such assistants,
workmen, and servants, as shall be necessary for the proper
conduct and arrangement of the said office, and of the busi-
ness pertaining thereto, at such compensation as shall be
approved by the President: Provided, That the same shall
not exceed that allowed for corresponding services, under
existing laws, relating to the Mint of the United States and
its branches.
The owner or owners of any gold or silver bullion, in
dust or otherwise, or of any foreign coin, shall be entitled
to deposit the same in the said office, and the treasurer
thereof shall give a receipt, staung the weight and descrip-
tion thereof, in the manner and under the regulations that
are or may be provided in like cases of deposits at the
Mint of the United States with the treasurer thereof. And
such bullion shall without delay be melted, parted, refined,
and assayed, and the net value thereof, and of all foreign
coin deposited in said office shall be ascertained, and the
treasurer shall thereupon forthwith issue his certificate of
the net value thereof, payable in coins of the same metal as
that deposited, either at the office of the assistant treasurer
of the United States, in New York, or at the Mint of the
United States, at the option of the depositor, to be expressed
in the certificate. Which certificates shall be receivable
at any time within thirty days from the date thereof, in pay-
ment of all debts due to the United States, for the full sum
therein certified. All gold or silver bullion, and foreign
coin deposited, melted, parted, refined, or assayed, as afore-
said, shall, at the option of the depositor, be cast in the
said office into bars, ingots, or disks, either of pure metal
or of standard fineness, (as the owner may prefer,) with a
stamp thereon of such lorm and device as shall be pre-
scribed by the Secretary of the Treasury, accurately desig-
nating its weight and fineness: Prowled, That no ingot,
bar, or disk shall be cast of less weight than ten ounces,
unless the same be of standard fineness, and of either one,
two, three, or five ounces in weight. And all gold or silver
bullion, and foreign coin, intended by the depositor to be
converted into the coins of the United States, shall, as soon
as assayed and its net value certified as above provided,
be transferred to the Mint of the United States under such
directions as shall be made by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, and at the expense of the contingent fund of the Mint,
and shall there be coined. And the Secretary of the Treas-
ury is hereby authorized, with the approval of the Presi-
dent of the United States, to make the necessary regulations
for the adjustment of the accounts between the respective
officers, upon the transfer of any bullion or coin between
the assay office, the Mint, and assistant treasurer in New
York.
The operations of melting, parting, refining, and assaying
in the said office, shall be under the general directions of the
Director of the Mint in subordination to the Secretary of the
Treasury ; and it shall be the duty of the said Director to
prescribe such regulation, and to ordersuch tests as shall be
requisite to insure faithfulness, accuracy, and uniformity
in the operations of the said office.
The laws of the United States for the government of the
Mint and its officers in relation to the receipt, payment, and
custody of deposits, and settlement of accounts, the duties
and responsibilities of officers and others employed therein,
the oath to be taken, and the bond and sureties to be given
by them, (as far as the same may be applicable,) shall ex-
tend to the assay office hereby established, and to its offi-
cers, assistants, clerks, workmen, and others employed
therein.
The same charges shall be made and demanded at the
said assay office for refining, parting, casting into bars, in-
gots, or disks, and for alloy, as are or shall be made and de-
manded at the Mint; and no other charges shall be made to
depositors than by law are authorized to be made at the
Mint; and the amount received from the charges hereby
authorized, shall be accounted for and appropriated for de-
fraying the contingent expenses of the said office.
For the purpose of carrying the foregoing provisions into
effect, the sum of $100,000, in addition to the charges au-
thorized to be received, is hereby appropriated out of anv
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated. A11S
the Secretary of the Treasury is authorized to procure, by
rent, lease, or otherwise, a building or apartments, in the
I city of New York, suitable for the operations of the said
office, unless he shall be of opinion that suitable apart-
ments in the custom-house in that city may be assigned
for this purpose. And he is also hereby authorized and di-
rected to procure the necessary machinery and implements
i for the proper carrying on of the operations and business of
the said office.
The salary of the assistant treasurer of the United States
| in New York, from and after the time that the said office
shall be opened and in operation, shall be $G,000 per an-
; num instead of the sum now allowed.
I| Mr. FISH. As this amendment proposes an
appropriation, I applied to the Department for an
estimate, and the sum which I have named in the
amendment is based upon the estimate of the
Treasury Department. I am not disposed,at this
late hour, to enter into a discussion of the merits
of the proposition unless discussion be necessary.
Mr. BRODHEAD. This is a very important
measure, and I had hoped that the chairman of
the Committee on Finance would have raised a
question of order in regard to it. I confess I have
; not had time to examine its provisions. It appro-
| priates a large amount of money; it establishes
' new offices and creates new officers and enlarges
the salaries of others. It authorizes certain build-
ji ings to be rented and certain other buildings to be
S i purchased in the city of New York; and I confess
| it ought not to go upon this bill, in my judgment,
| even if it should be thought right by some mem-
bers. I venture to say there are not five members
in this body who have had time to examine it.
They certainly have not had time to examine its
i details.
In view of the facts which I have stated, in view
i] of the late period of the session, in view of the
* other amendments which are about to be offered
, to this bill, 1 suggest to the honorable Senator
from New York the propriety of withdrawing the
j amendment at this session. At the next session
j| I will promise to confer with him upon this sub-
i, ject. It may be that there are no well-grounded
! objections to the measure, but I confess that I
j' should like to have time to confer with gentlemen
in my own State and elsewhere, who are better
informed upon the subject than I am.
Mr. CLARKE. My impression is that there
il has been no more reasonable and proper amend-
1 ment offered than the one proposed by my friend
from New1 York. Why, sir, recall to your own
i recollection that for the last six years, since you
, and I have been here, there has been hardly a ses-
ji sion of Congress in which it has not been urged,
and urged with great force and propriety, that
!; there was a necessity for establisinff a Mint in the
! city of New York.
[; PEARCE. Will the honorable Senator
j i at this point give way that I may raise a question
, of order? It might as well be raised at once.
, Mr. CLARKE. I give way.
Mr. PEARCE. I understand that an estimate
i< properly considered is not merely a statement of
,j the cost of the thing proposed, but also a sugges-
L tion or recommendation of its propriety from the
li Department. Now, if I understand aright, there
