THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
32d Congress, 2d Session.
TUESDAY, MARCH 1, 1853.
New Series No. 60.
is in thia case no such recommendation from a I
Department. I have not seen the letter, but I sup-
pose it to be one in reply to one from the Senator
from New York, in winch the Secretary intimates
that the expense of the plan proposed will be a
given sum whatever that may be. If that be so, I
think it is not such an estimate as is required by
the rule. J very well recollect that when two or
three years ago I introduced an amendment pro-
viding for an increase of the allowance to a certain
steam-line in New York, I produced a letter from
the Secretary of the Navy, in which he estimated
the amount at so much, upon such a principle as-
sumed, but did not recommend it; and theamend-
ment was ruled out of order. If this is acase cor-
respondent to that, it ought to be settled, and it
will save time by deciding it at once.
Mr. HUNTER. I believe the Senator from
Maryland is right in his construction of the rule.
An estimate must be accompanied with a recom-
mendation. I do not understand an estimate to
mean a mere expression of opinion that a thing
would cost so and so.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator ,
from New York will be good enough to state the 1
nature of the paper. !
Mr. FISH. The Senator from Maryland is j
about right. I called on the Department for an 1
estimate of the amount necessary for this appro-
priation. It will be remembered that in the earlier
part of the last session, I introduced to the Senate
a bill for the establishment of a branch Mint in
the city of New York. I think it was within the ,
first week or two of th« Bession. At the same
time a bill was introductd for a Mint in Califor-
nia, which was reported upon almost immediately
and passed through the Senate with very little de-
lay. Yet the bill for the New York Mint was i
delayed by the Finance Committee for some j
months. It was finally reported, but for reasons j
to which it is not necessary for me now to refer, it :
was not called up by myself or by the committee.
The subject was considered in the House. Find-
ing that there was to bediscussion there, I deemed
it unnecessary to consume the time of the Senate
by bringing a subject before it which might possi-
bly be debated in the House, for they had it un- I
der consideration; I therefore let the bill lie over. !
That discussion has recently been had in the j
House, and within a very few days past the House
has rejected the proposition for the establishment
of a branch Mint in New York. At the time I
was confined to my room by sickness, but imme-
diately on coming out, I prepared this proposition,
and submitted it as soon as I could to the Senate.
I laid it on the table here on Saturday last.
The Senator from Pennsylvania complains that
he has not had time to consider the proposition.
Sir, the Senator from Pennsylvania has had the
same time that other Senators^iave had. We are
not bound to consult him upon the propositions
which we intend to submit. I laid the proposition
on the table the very first day that the civil and
diplomatic appropriation bill was brought before
the Senate. The amendment was printed and
distributed to some, at all events, on Sunday. It
was laid on the table of every member on Mon-
day, at any rate. I think, therefore, that there
was ample notice. I called upon the Department
the first opportunity I had after it was prepared
for an estimate; and the paper which I have is,
as the gentleman from Maryland states, a letter
in answer to one from me asking the amount.
Upon the question of order, I am not prepared to
go into the merits of the proposition. I submitted
the amendment to the chairman of the Committee
on Finance, and I heard from him no objection to
it. No point of order was suggested by him. It
was upon his suggestion that I applied to the De-
partment for this very estimate, and I submit that
in candor if it hai been intended to raise this ques-
tion upon me by two members of the Committee
on Finance, it would have been but liberal for
them to have suggested at that time that a recom-
mendation as well as estimate should be asked
for.
Mr. HUNTER. I wiJI explain to the Senator
60
from New York that I raised no question of order
upon him. When he suggested the amendment
to me I never once thought about the question of
appropriation. That never occured to me until a
few minutes ago; but when it was raised, I felt
bound to say that the point of order was as stated
by the Senator from Maryland. I am in favor of
the Senator's measure, if it is in order.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I do not complain of my
worthy friend from New York. I presume that
it did not occur to him to introduce this proposi-
tion at an earlier period. It was not printed until
yesterday; and how can I or any other member
of this body, have time, with the press of business
now upon us, to look into so important a measure
as this? There is no member of this body to
whom I would extend a courtesy more readily
than to the Senator from New York. Buta word
as to the question of order; there is no recommend-
ation from the Department, as I understand, in the
sense contemplated by the rule. The Department,
if I understand it, makes a certain statement upon
a supposed case, but does not recommend an ap-
propriation.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, it seems to
me that the objection of want of sufficient time, is
a technical one. This is the fourth year I have
been here, and I am sure there is no subject and
no question which has been more fully before the
Senate of the United States, than the question of a
branch Mint in the city of New York. So much
in regard to the question of notice.
Mr. CLARKE. I believe I had the floor until
the question of order was raised. I have something
to say on this proposition. 1 am decidedly in
favor of it.
Several Sknatoh*. Let the question of order
be decided.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now before th« Senate is whether the amendment
can be received under the 30th rule.
Mr. SEWARD. I am now about to discuss
the question of order. The Secretary of the
Treasury at the last session recommended the
establishment of a branch Mint in the city of New
York; and this year he has sent in the estimates
for it, so that taking these statements together, the
amendment is within the rule. k
Mr. BRODHEAD. I want to hear the recom-
mendation read.
Mr, PEARCE. I understand that the recom-
mendation of the Secretary is for a branch Mint.
A branch Mint is not an assay office.
Mr. SEWARD. Thegreater includes the less.
Mr. PEARCE. A Mint is a very different
thing from an assay office merely.
Mr. FISH. The proposition for a branch Mint
included all that is now proposed by this amend-
ment, and a great deal more. The recommenda-
tion of the Secretary of the Treasury, to which
my colleague referred, is in these words:
" The distance from San Francisco, by way of the Isth-
mus of Panama and New York to the Mintat Philadelphia,
is about six thousand two hundred and fifty miles. The
precious metals there found, have, therefore, to be trans-
ported that distance and back, at great risk and expense,
before the owner can receive its equivalent in the legal
coin of the United States. Such a burdensome tax upon
the interests of California should be removed by the estab-
lishment of a branch Mint at the most eligible point in that
State.
" Nearly all the importations of specie and bullion con-
centrate at the port of New York ; two thirds of all the cus-
toms duties collected in the country are there paid in spe-
cie."
There is the recommendation, and in the same
report an estimate is given for the work.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Badger.)
The recollection of the Chair is, and in that he
is confirmed by the officers of the Senate, that
the practice under the 30th rule has not been uni-
form; and it is not known to the Chair that the
effect of the rule has heretofore been maturely
considered by the Presiding Officer, or decided by
the Senate. An inspection of the rule satisfies the
Chair that this amendment proposing an appro-
priation is not in order. The part of the rule ma-
terial here, is: " or moved by direction of a stand-
' ing commitM of the Senate, or in pursuance of
' an estimate from the head of some one of the
' Departments."
These two clauses must be construed in connec-
tion with one another. The first requires the
direction of a standing committee. The word
"direction" could not be inserted in regard to the
head of a Department, because he has no power to
direct any member of this body, and therefore, I
presume, the meaning must have been that in the
' first case an amendment might be moved by direc-
tion of a committee having authority to direct,
and, in the second place, " in pursuance of an es-
timate;" that is, in accordance with the desire of
the head of a Department upon a subject falling
within his jurisdiction, and for which he had es-
timated the amount required. It requires, there-
fore, an official opinion of the head of a Department
in relation to a matter subject to his superintend-
ence and under his jurisdiction, that the object is
proper, as well as that the amount moved is neces-
sary for its accomplishment.
Mr. FISH. Then I understand that the Chair
rules that the amendment which I have offered is
out of order so far as the appropriation is con-
cerned ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Yes, sir.
Mr. FISH. I will therefore modify my amend-
ment by striking out the words—
For the purpose of carrying the foregoing provisions
into effect, the sum of $100,0011, in addition to the charges
authorized to be received, is hereby appropriated out of any
money m the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
I renew the amendment without that clause.
Mr. BRODHEAD. The question of order still
comes up, and I make it. It is, that the amend-
ment of the Senator from New York makes an
appropriation. Though the Senator from New
York may omit what he has read, still the amend-
ment makes an appropriation for the officers cre-
ated by it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the Sen-
ator be good enough to read the part of the amend-
ment to which he refers?
Mr. BRODHEAD. I will find it presently.
Mr. FISH. If the Senator will find it I will
withdraw it.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I know very well that the
amendment creates new offices and provides for
the payment of the officers. Is not that making
an appropriation?
Mr. SEWARD. If the Senator will find any
appropriation we will strike it out.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I can find it, but it will
take some time to read the amendment over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
state that nothing is clearer, in the practice of the
Senate and the other House of Congress, than
that a bill which creates a charge upon the Treas-
ury is not a bill making an appropriation. The
office of an appropriation is to take a certain
amount from the gross sum in the Treasury, and
to authorize its application to a particular object.
Mr. BRODHBAD. Here is the part of the
amendment to which I refer:
" The Assistant Treasurer of the United States in New
York shall be treasurer of the said assay office, and the
Secretary of the Treasury shall, with the approbation and
consent of the President of the United States, appoint such
other officers and clerks, and authorize the employment of
such assistants, workmen, and servants, as shall be neces-
sary for the proper conduct and arrangement of the said of-
fice and of the business pertaining thereto, at such com-
pensation as shall be approved by the President."
Mr. FISH. The Chair has already decided
that question.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
clearly of opinion that that provision makes no
appropriation.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I ask for the yeas and
nays on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and being ta-
ken, resulted—yeas 38, nays 11; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Bell, Bradbury,
Bright, Ca^s, Charlton, Chase,Clarke,Davis, De Saussure,
Dodge of Wi=consin, Douglas, Downs, Felch, Fi-h, Foot,
Gwin, Hale, Houston, Hunter, James, Jones of Iowa, Jones
of Tennessee, Mallory, Miller, Norris, Rusk, Sebastian,
Seward, Shields, Smith, Soul<S, Sumner, Toucey, Wade,
Walker, arid Weller—38.
NAYS—Messrs. Borland, Brodhead, Butler, Cooper,
