1853.
It is said that this work has received no sanc-
tion from any competent judge. Well, sir, I have
in my hand, at this moment, a memorial in favor
of this work, signed by some of the first names
in literature and in taste in this country. In that
memorial the work is thus described:
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
947
" Mr. Powers's design has been to produce in marble an
embodiment of the idea of a free and popular constitutional
government in the person of America, represented as a
youthful female of faultless heauty, in whose attitude and
expression, as well as in the accessories of the work, that
idea should be indicated according to the rules of the high-
est art. The eminent talent of Mr. Powers as a sculptor,
is acknowledged throughout Europe and America. It is
believed no name stands higher amongliving artists. He is
himself under the impression, and competent judges con-
cur in the opinion, that this work is his most successful
effort.''
If this work be the most successful effort of Hi-
ram Powers, what higher eulogy can bepronounced
upon any work ? And who arethe eulogists? First
is Edward Everett, soon to become a member of
this body and now presiding, with distinguished
ability, over the foreign relations of this Govern-
ment. The next is William H. Prescott, known
to all the world by his literary abilities and by his
historical works. Then follow the names of George
Ticknor, and Rufus Cho'kte, and Jared Sparks,
and, worthy to close so bright a list, that of Henry
W. Longfellow. Now, sir, if such testimony from
such witnesses is not enough to warrant this ap-
propriation, I should like to know what would be ?
But I have, besides, a report from the Commit-
tee on Public Buildings of the House describing
this work more at length, and giving the sanction
of a most decided recommendation in favor of the
purchase.
But, sir, it is still further urged—and to meet
this last objection, I framed this amendment—by
sonrtegentlemen, that no works of statuary, allegor-
ical in character, ought to be purchased by the
Government. I do not agree with these gentlemen.
Some of the very highest achievements of art have
been accomplished in such works. But, sir, to
meet this objection, and to induce the Senate by a
unanimous vote, if possible, to award some com-
mission to an artist who has conferred such honor
on his country, I introduced an alternative clause
into the amendment, leaving it optional witlh the
President to purchase the statue already designed
or some other work or works of this artist.
I will not detain the Senate. I know how pre-
cious time is. I only ask that the amendment may
be voted upon without any further debate.
Mr. COOPER. On more than one occasion,
Mr. President, I have done justice to the talents
of the artist whose work it is proposed to pur-
chase. Sir, I accord to Mr. Powers genius of a ;
particular kind, and of its kind very high in char-
acter; but I am not at all convinced, from anything •
that I have ever seen, that he is equal to the pro- I
duction of a great work of art ideal in its character. j
In point of mechanical genius, if I may so express
it—that is, in his ability to finish a work in the
most perfect manner—perhaps there is no living
artist who excels Mr. Powers. But 1 am not will-
ing that we should purchase a work, and more
especially a group, which may discredit American
talent as much as some others that we have here-
tofore purchased. I should like to see this work
before a purchase is made. Although there are
great names recommending Mr. Powers, and per-
haps this particular production of his chisel, it
does not follow, because those gentlemen possess
high political and literary character, that they are
competent to judge of works of art of this kind;
and I know it is very easy to procure such recom-
mendations even from eminent men, even when
they are undeserved.
More than two years ago, on the petition of art-
ists well acquainted with the gentleman in whose
behalf the appropriation was asked, Congress re-
fused to grant it. I refer to theapplication to em-
ploy Mr. Crawford, an artist whose genius, in the
judgment of the best sculptors both of Europe and
America, far surpasses that of Mr. Powers. Yet
we refused to make an appropriation to employ
him; and I think until we see this work, and are
assured from an inspection of it that it is what it
is stated to be, we ought not to expend money in
the purchase of it. I make these remarks because
when it was proposed to employ another whose
claim was quite as good, it was rejected; and be-
cause I wish to see this group before I consent to
buy it.
Mr. SOULE. I have only a word to say, Mr. J
President. I mean to vote for this appropriation.
I am willing to take the works of genius upon
trust, for I cannot be persuaded that Powers can
be willing to degrade himself by tendering to
America a composition unworthy of his fame. I
shall vote for the'appropriation.
Mr. WALKER. I have heard more of the
character of this statue from what was read by
, the Senator from Ohio than I ever did before. I
I find, however, that I was correct. It is a piece
of composition. It is a female figure, of a very
beautiful character, representing, as I understood
the Senator from Ohio to say, a free and populous
Government. I do not know how that idea could
be delineated in a female alone. The beauty and
grandeur of allegory, it appears to me, might be
very fairly represented in the form of a female;
but how could you represent this free, and at the
same time, populous Government, without sur-
rounding her with a numerous offspring, ail of
them making mouths at their mother [Laughter.]
But it seems that Powers has done it. We are to
take it on trust, and the Senator from Louisiana
cannot believe that we ought for a moment to
question the words or the works of genius, and
that Mr. Powers would not tender to America any-
thing unworthy of her. Sir, we have taken some
female figures on trust. There is a beautiful
specimen on the east portico of this Capitol, and
if that does not represent freedom as much as
any female figure could, I am mistaken. There
is not a Senator, and scarcely a decent person
who comes about the Capitol, who would not wish
to see that figure blown away with gunpowder,
or taken out of sight in some other way. Even
the distinguished Senator from South Carolina
[Mr. Butler] at one time offered a resolution, in
which I most sincerely sympathized, to have the
statue removed. It is a disgrace to the country.
I believe that I have heard that Persico was a man
of genius, but yet we see one of his ideas in the
specimen to which I have alluded on our eastern
portico—one that has almost driven the decent
people of the United States from walking or prom-
enading upon that portico. I do not believe in
buying any more female figures on trust.
Mr. CHASE. I would ask my friend from
Wisconsin if he ever saw a work of Powers which
he could not look upon with admiration?
Mr. WALKER. I have never seen many of
his works. I have seen the Greek Slave, and ad-
mired it very much; but 1 should not like to see
that or anything like it placed on the portico of
the Capitol. I could not,and would notif I could,
detract from the great merit of Mr. Powers. That
is not my object. I believe him to be capable of
the highest achievements in art; butare we to take
him on trust? Are we to have a figure, a group,
an ideality, an allegory brought to the United
States, and placed in the Capitol or the Capitol
Grounds, when we may not, after it shall have
been put there, approve of it ? I hope not. I
only say to Mr. Powers and to his friends, Let us
see your work; let us decide upon it; let a com-
mittee decide upon it, and then, perhaps, we shall.
purchase it. But while two committees have rec-
ommended this appropriation, can any member
of either of those committees say that he has ever
seen the statue? It was not said by the Senator
from Ohio that the distinguished gentlemen whose
names he read ever claimed to have seen it. They
doubtless did see it, or they would not have spoken
of it so positively; but he did not communicate to
us the fact whether they had seen it or not. It
may be that they have taken the works of genius
on trust. 1 am not disposed to doubt them,
though I do not fully agree with the honorable
Senatorfrom Louisiana on thatpoint. Butreally,
while such are the ideas of the honorable Senator
from Louisiana, we cannot all be unanimous in
those views. For one, I should like to see my
taste consulted in regard to these female figures
representing America as a free and populous Gov-
ernment ! I cannot agree with the honorable Sen-
ator from Louisiana, and I hope we shall not
make this purchase until we see the statue.
Mr. COOPER. I do not rise for the purpose
of continuing this debate at length, but to say that
there is a spurious as well as genuine genius; and
that works of this kind ought not to be taken on
trust any more than others. I remember, a few
years ago, to have heard that Mr. Greenough pos-
sessed a most towering genius, and under this be-
lief Congress was induced to take a work of his
on trust, and you have the result of the nurchas«
of the statue which stands in the grounds east of
the Capitol. I have admitted that Mr. Powers
possesses very high talent as a sculptor, in one di-
rection. In point of mechanical execution of his
statues, he has no superior, perhaps, in the world;
but I have yet to learn that he has executed any
great work, or that he is the author of any great
conception, calculated to give him that kind of
which entitles his talents to be designated by
the higher title of genius. Sir, I know that we
are all in the habit of speaking of the Greek Slave
as a great work of genius, but it is not so regard-
ed in the world of art. Strike from it the chain
which binds the limbs, and it will stand forth a
Venus, as perfect, in the estimation of those con-
noisseurs who have denominated it a great pro-
duction of genius, as it did before a weeping Gre-
cian slave.
Sir, I do not wish to do injustice to any Ameri-
can artist. In the execution of busts, in the ex-
ecution of single statues, I have no doubt Mr.
Powers has no superior; but, sir, before a group
of the purely ideal kind is put upon Congress at
the expense of a large outlay, we ought to see it.
I should not care for the 'outlay if it were calcu-
lated to elevate the standard of American genius;
but I am afraid it will degrade it, as the specimens
which we now have about the Capitol do. I am
not confident that this artist has talents to execute,
creditably, such a conception as the one it is pro-
posed we shall purchase. If we do intend to pur-
chase, and purchase on trust, we had better go to
those who have already shown by whatthey have
done, what they are capable of doing. I refer to
such men as Crawford and Ives, and others now
abroad, who have given earnest of genius so deci-
ded as to elevate their country in the estimation
of the world.
Mr. MALLORY. Mr. President, the proposi-
tion to purchase this beautiful work of genius and
of art involves considerations which appeal to our
hearts so earnestly, considerations apart from its
intrinsic value, that the expenditure contemplated
by the resolution seems indeed to be pitiful.
American—an ardent, enthusiastic American,
awakened by the magic whisperiag of genius to
a consciousness of merit, sought to tread the thorny
paths to fame which the time-honored names of
others had pointed out. Finding not only an ab-
sence of all encouragement, but the chilling blight
of cold indifference in his own country, he sought
a foreign land; and there established a reputation
of which his country may well be proud, though
it has reached her through the "medium of foreign
critics alone.
Of this particular statue we have numerous crit-
icisms from very reliable authorities, and to such
authorities as we may ever defer, upon such sub-
jects, our own judgments.
My honorable friend from Pennsylvania says,
very correctly, that, to form a correct judgment
upon such subjects, we must refer to the world of
art and the opinions of artists; and I do not sup-
pose there is a statue in the United States of any
merit, our views of which have not been formed
from the critiques of artists. There are but few
men in public life in our country, who have the
leisure and the opportunity, if they have the taste,
to study or address their minds to the merits and
value of such productions of genius; and I hardly
think there are many Senators here competent to
decide upon their merits.
I have seen and heard many and highly-flatter-
ing critiques upon Powers's statue; and the testi-
mony of some of the most gifted sons of genius
of our own land, the Everetts, Longfellows and
lrvings of America, has been produced here to-
night in its favor. I want no better guide for my
vote; and if 1 did, I might appeal to his beautiful
Eve and his Greek Slave, so correctly criticised by
my honorable from Pennsylvania, as a guarantee
that his great work, which he so ardently desires
his country to possess, cannot be unworthy our
admiration. Obedient to the dictates of his unerr-
ing genius and the impulses of a heart which has
never wavered from his native land, he sought to
produce a work which that land might value.
Are there any here who would in consideration of
this paltry sum of money, hesitate about adopt-
ing his beautiful America as our own ' The ap-
peal has been made to us; and for one I am tree
to say that I am unwilling, by a dissenting vote,
to announce to the world from this high place,
