946
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March I,
that we riot only refused to encourage an Ameri-
can genius, that we permitted him to carve his
road to fame unaided in a foreign land, but re-
fused to receive a work upon which his art haa
been eminently displayed, even though that work
is typical of the progress and destiny of our
country.
An objection has been raised here that it is alle-
gorical. All similar works must necessarily be sot
and they demand the very highest order of genius.
Let us unhesitatingly appropriate this sum of
money. Itis a work ofwhich we shallall beproud;
a work which is to last for ages, and the value of
which, depend upon it, will increase with every
succeeding year. The sum proposed is insignifi-
cant; and if it were greater I would vote for it.un-
hesitatingly, for it is a point upon which liberality
is not only policy, but the sound dictate of wisdom.
Mr. CASS. Mr. President, 1 am a great friend
to the encouragement of American artists, and es-
pecially of young men who come forward in spite
of early obstacles, and place themselves at the head
of their profession, and obtain almost a world-wide
reputation. That is the condition ofMr. Powers.
I estimate his genius very highly. I am myself no
great judge of these matters, but, as the honorable
Senator from Florida has well said, we must rely
very much upon the opinion of those who do un-
derstand them. The works of Mr. Powers which
I have seen seem to me most admirable specimens
of art, and sue b is the opinion of Europe generally,
and even of that portion of Europe which is apt
to be unfavorable in their estimate of artists of the
United States.
But a few words on another point. I am not in
favor of allegorical statues. I do not like them
at all. We have historical subjects enough. We
have got Hancock and Jelferson and Madison and
Franklin and other men, who have done honor to
themselves, to their country, and to human na- j
ture, and I should like to see their statues sur- i
rounding the Capitol. These are the works 1 de- j
sire, and not allegorical figures having no relation '
to our country They are not suited to our feeling
or taste.
"Mr. President, there is a departed artist whom !<
I held in the highest regard, and whose death I '
deeply deplore; a man of genius, taste, and skill
in his profession, who made the statue of Wash-
ington on the eastern grounds of the Capitol.
Was there ever an American who passed by and
who did not feel that the form of the costume, or
rather the want of costume, ruins its effect? There
is an entire difference on these subjects between
our feelings and those of Europeans who have
been accustomed to a different style. They have !
been much accustomed to what they call an inva- i
riable costume, which is about no costume at all. !
Our ideas of Washington are associated with a
far different appearance from that of a naked man,
pr almost naked, as that statue represents the
Father of his Country. J must say that it shocks
all my feelings of reverence when I pass by that
statue and look at it. It is a work of genius and j
art; but still itis a failure in that respect, and I
do not want to see another like it. j
The amendment of the honorable Senator from
Ohio leaves the nature of the work discretionary
with the President, and in that point I concur 1
with him. I would rather that the amendment
were entirely unlimited, and that it contained no
allusion to any work, but authorized the President
to contract with Mr. Powers for a work proper to i
be placed near the Capitol. I do not want such
things as are now on the eastern portico. They !
ought to be knocked down and put in a lime pit.
I will not move an amendment, but if another :
gentleman does I will vote for it, to strike out the
name of any statue. I should prefer giving naked
authority to the President to make a contract with
Mr. Powers for the construction of such a statue
as the President might think proper, and I trust
that he in his discretion will select one of those
eminent men who have adorned their country. i
Mr SEWARD. Mr. President, precisely what | j
the honorable Senator from Michigan wants is 1
what this amendment authorizes the President to
do—to select this statue of America, or this group,
or to select such others as in his judgment he may
approve. So I think there remains only the one
question, whether he shall select this group of old
America or whether he shall select some new
America. But I do not know that I should have
risen on this occasion if it had not been that the
name of Mr. Greenough, an American sculptor,
has been spoken here, within a period of six
weeks after his death, in language of disparage-
ment of his works, liy the honorable Senator from
Michigan and the honorable Senator from Penn-
sylvania; and if no reply were made it might be
inferred that there was a unanimity of opinion in
the censure of the great work in which he has
embodied the personification of the character of
i Washington. At the hazard of differing from
! those honorable Senators, and of being thought
here and elsewhere singular, I wish to declare,
that in my judgment, the highest work of art that
adorns this capital is the statue of Washington,
by Greenough, and that he only fails to appreciate
t it who fails to rise to the grand conception of a
i1 human being invested with more of perfection
than has been possessed by any mortal unin-
spired.
But, sir, a word with regard to this proposition.
I am in favor of liberal appropriations to our art-
ists for purposes of this kind. This bill will
contain millions of appropriations for very differ-
ent purposes and objects. I am willing to appro-
priate the sum of $30,000 to purchase that which
will last the longest and be admired and regarded
the most widely throughout the world. Sir, if
you go back to the ancient Republics of Greece
and Rome, you will find that their cities and cap-
itals have been lost while the statues produced by
their sculptors remain. You find the whole civil-
ized world visiting Greece and Egypt to bring
away monuments of the taste, genius, and virtues
of those who patronized the arts in those days.
1 believe, from what I have seen of the works of
Powers, and especially from his figure of the
Greek Slave, that he is capable of producing works
which will survive not only those who now discuss
and depreciate his merits, but survive the Capitol
and the metropolis in which they will be placed, j
and survive the nation and the people that pay this
homage to his genius. |
Mr. COOPER. Mr. President, it is not often <
that I have troubled the Senate with three speeches
on the same day, on a matter of very small im-
portance, or indeed on any matter, great or small;
but 1 do not choose to be put into a false position
by any Senator upon this floor. 1 said nothing in ;
disparagement of the character of Mr. Greenough
as an artist. I spoke of a single work of his, and >
said that Congress had been greatly disappointed
in taking it on trust. The Senator from New
York has been modest enough to say that he who
does not see in that work the highest indication of j
genius, does not see it because he cannot ascend
to the level of the artist's genius; but indicating j
very plainly that the Senator himself possesses |
j that power, if nobody else does. Sir, this, I repeat,
was modest on the part of the Senator. I have !
no doubt that he possesses a degree of taste and
elevation of conception that few other Senators
aspire to. We have seen it in his course here; that
he looks higher than most men; that his concep-
tions ascend to a law higher than the laws by
which ordinary mortals are governed. [Laughter.] 1
But, sir, in this matter I am governed by the tes- i
timony, not of Senators, not of men \yho perhaps
have never seen the work in favor of which they
testify, but by the opinion of the most eminent 1
artists of this country and of other countries; and '
I venture to say that I can show by their testi-
mony, in relation both to the Greek Slave and the
statue of Washington, to which the Senator has |
referred, that neither have been creditable to
American genius.
Now, sir, I have not said a word in derogation
of the character or talents of either of these artists.
I have differed, with other gentlemen, as to the'
merits of particular productions; but I think I have !
shown, by my previous course here, a disposition
to accord to them all the merit to which they are
so justly entitled, and have been willing to bestow
upon them an amount of patronage which perhaps
others have thought unwarranted and improper.
I do not choose, therefore, to be put in a false po- ,
sition by anything that may be said, and have
thought it necessary to make these remarks to put
myself right
Mr. CASS. Mr. President, I need not say a
word about the ascending powers claimed for him-
self by the Senator from New York, [Mr. Sew- ,
ard,] for the Senator from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Cooper] has done full justice to them; but I rise
I for the purpose of correcting one error into which '
the Senator from New York has fallen. I did not
say a word in disparagement of Mr. Greenough,
his genius, or his works. I spoke of him in the
highest terms as a man and as an artist. But I said
he had fallen into an error in his conception for the
statue of Washington, for,it is not suited to the
taste and habits of feeling of this country. He
adopted the prevalent European idea of an invari-
able costume, or where that is wanting, of almost
no costume at all. Every American who lias been
in Europe has seen statues in the most public
places of crowded cities, which would not be borne
in this country, and I trust never will be. The
Senator from Wisconsin [Mr. Walker] is right
in what he said on that subject. These naked
or half-naked statues are not suited to our meri-
dian. 1 repeat, that while I bear the highest tes-
timony to Mr. Greenough, whom I had the pleas-
ure of knowing, and for whom I had great respect,
he committed an error in his statue of Washing-
ton, and I do not believe there is another Senator
in the Senate who does not coincide in that opinion.
We want a statue of Washington as he was, and
not a figure which mars all our associations.
Mr. GWIN. I desire, by general consent, to
correct an amendment" which has been passed
upon, and the necessity for which was overlooked
by the chairman of the Committee on Finance.
It is in relation to the appointment of an additional
appraiser general. I move to insert the words,
" to be appointed by and with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate.
Mr. HUNTER. There is no objection to that.
The modification was ordered to be made.
Mr. HUNTER. It seems to me that this is
no place for this discussion upon the fine arts.
We must finish this bill to-day, and I hope that
these subjects either will not be introduced, or if
they are introduced that the vote will be taken
without debate.
Mr, BUTLER. That appeal knocked the
speech entirely out of my mind which 1 had in-
tended to make, and I give it up. I had a very
good one ready, however. [Laughter.]
Mr. BORLAND. Mr. President, I know it is
said that we ought not to discuss these subjects.
Thert they ought not to be introduced. Gentle-
men cannot expect, if they choose to introduce
subjects that do not belong to the bill, that they
can be passed without discussion.
Mr. HUNTER. Let us vote them down.
Mr. BORLAND. We are not to be told that
there is no time for discussion. If there is no
time for discussion, there is no time for introdu-
cing the subject. I may have as little as any other
man, and, I presume, less than any other to im-
part to the Senate on this subject, yet I feel it to
be my duty to give my views upon this question
which involves an expenditure of the public money
of the country, and I shall do so. I am not re-
sponsible, no one who discusses the matter is re-
sponsible, for the time consumed by it. Those
who introduce such matters are responsible, and
let them take the consequences.
Mr. President, the bill before us is a practical
bill. It is a bill appropriating to certain objects
the public funds of the country, raised by taxation
from the people of the country, and the people
and their representatives ought to know for what
the money raised by taxation from the labor and
sweat of the common people, the masses of the
people, is used. This is a practical bill, the most
practical bill that comes before the Senate and the
country. It deals with the practical affairs of the
nation. It appeals directly to the pockets of every
man in the country. Now, for what do we pro-
pose to expend this money? Why, sir, for the
purchase of an ideal statue, about which no one
in the Senate knows anything. I do not pretend
to know anything about the fine arts. It has not
fallen in my way; it has not been my fortune to
be able to devote my time to that subject. I have
ever had to deal with the hard, practical necessi-
ties of life, and my constituents have to do the
same; and when their money is to be expended,
they expect that I, as their representative, shall at
lenst raise my voice and demand that it shall be
expended for the practical purposes for which the
Government was instituted, and not to gratify the
fancies, the whims, the caprices, the tastes of
those who have had leisure throughout their lives
to devote their attention to the fine arts. When
you appeal to the American people upon a sub-
ject which touches their patriotism, their national
