1843.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
pride, their gratitude for service conferred upon j
the country by the distinguished men of the coun-
try, whether in military or civil life, none of them
refuses to respond to the appeal, and none respond
more earnestly and more enthusiastically than the
constituents whom I have the honor to represent.
When you propose to make a statue of Washing-
Ion, of Jefferson, or of Jackson, we will- vote as
touch money as may be necessary; but when you
propose to take the fancy of an artist, let him be
ever so distinguished; when you propose to go
into the ideal "world, and employ a man, not to
represent your idea of your country or of your
country's benefactors, but his fancy, his ideal,
then I hold that the practical people of the United
State* are not prepared to expend their money for
such purpose, and I, as a representative of a portion
of that people, deem it to be my duty to raise my
voice against it.
I have voted, and I will vote again, any money
which may be necessary to make a statue of Wash-
ington, or to perpetuate his services or his mem-
ory in as many forms as you please to the latest
generation. I will put a statue, if you propose it,
either of him or of Jackson, in every State of the
Union. I will raise monuments that shall almost
reach the skies in perpetuation of their services;
but then those monuments must be something
which are American in their character. If they ,
be ideal, they must embody the conception of an
American upon American soil, and not a concep- ,
lion derived .from inspiration in a foreign lanu; ,
not sural a conception as we have embodied in :
marble out in the Capitol grounds; not an ancient
conception; not a foreign conception; but an Amer-
ican conception of an American subiect, agreeing
with the American character, to be handed down
to the latest generations, to perpetuate American
deeds, to carry to the latest posterity the grati-
tude and appreciation of American citizens for
those who have rendered distinguished services to,
and conferred distinguished benefits upon the
country. For these reasons I shall vote against
tfeia proposition.
Mr. SEWARD. I wish to say a word by way
«f apology to the honorable Senator from Michi-
gan. I misunderstood that Senator. I thought
rn the remarks which he made, he disparaged the
conception of the statue of Washington byGreen-
ough. He has disclaimed that, and I therefore
trader to him my apology, with the expression of
my deep regret that I misunderstood him. I wish
to say, in continuation, that I was moved to make
the remarks that I uttered because of the respect
which I feel, and the regard which I have, for the
memory of a deceased artist.
Mr. HALE. I am not going to discuss this
measure; I simply want to put myself in the way
to receive a full share of the condemnation and
eensure that fall upon those who think that that j
statue was ill-conceived and badly constructed. I
wish it was out of the Capitol grounds.
Mr. BORLAND called for the yeas and nays
on the amendment; and they were ordered.
Mr. BUTLER. As the yeas and nays have
been ordered, 1 desire to make one remark, though
I shall not discuss the matter as I intended to do
originally. It does seem to me that a statue of
America is a novel conception. A statue to rep-
resent America requires all the imagination of
the poet, the skill of the sculptor, and the taste
and imagination of the painter. I can imagine
the ideal representation of America to exist in
painting; but, sir, an individuality of America
is one of which 1 cannot conceive. I have no
doubt that Mr. Powers has acquitted himself as
well as any one could do who would undertake
any such task; but until I see the object, I must
be permitted to say that I cannot vote for the ap-
propriation.
The yeas and nays being taken on the amend-
ment, resulted—yeas 21, nays 29, as follows:
YEAS—Measis. Badger, Bayard, Bright, Cass, Chase,
Clarke, Dodge of Wisconsin, Downs, Felch, Fish, Fortt,
Gwin, Hale, James, Mallory, Miller, Pearee, Seward,
Shields, Soul*, and Sumner—31.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Atchison. Borland, Bradbury,
Brodhead, Butler, Charlton, Cooper, Davis, Dawson, De
Saussnre, Dodge of Iowa, Fitzpatriek, Geyer, Houston,
Hunter, Mason, Morton, Norris, Pettit, Pratt, Rusk, Smith,
Bpruanee, Toucey, Underwood, Wade, Walker, and We 1-
ler—29.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. SOULE. I move to amend the bill by in-
serting at the end of the cUuse "for continuing
the construction of the custom-house at New Or-
leans, Louisiana, $324,000," the following;:
Subject to the limitations and restrictions on the appro-
priation made for the same object, at the second session of
the last session of Congress, as respects the plan under
which the huildine is to be erected: Provided, That the
superintendence of the buildins be confided to an officer
detailed from the Corps of Engineers, and the work con-
ducted under the supervision of said officer and the direc-
tion of the architect who originated the plan: Jlnd provi-
ded, That said superintendent or said architect, and such
commissioner as may be appointed by the President to act
as disbursing agent from the bureau, have the manage-
ment or the control over all contracts to be entered into for
the execution of the said plan, and the completion of the
building: .And provided further, That said superintendent,
architect, and commissioner, shall not be allowed a com-
pensation higher than eight dollars per day each for their ,
services. j
This places the appropriation made for theerec- ,
tion of the custom-house at New Orleans upon !
the footing on which it was placed last year. No
material change is made, and therefore I cannot
presume that it is necessary for me to go, to any
extent, into the merits of the amendment. The
Senate has acted already upon the principles which
are embodied in it, and it comes to us recom-
mended by the Committee on Commerce.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CASS. I have an amendment which I de-
sire to offer. There is an appropriation in the i
bill " for continuing: the survey of the northern
and northwestern lakes, including Lake Superior,
$50,000." I desire to add a proviso to that. I find
that the survey has now gone through Lake Erie
and Lake St. Clair,and a portion of Lake Huron.
It is a vastly important measure. It has now ap-
proached the northwestern extremity of Lake Hu-
ron. From there to the entrance of Lake Superior
are two lakes, one of which is Lake St. George, 1
where the water is very shallow. Unless it is
deepened in some way it will be impossible to ap-
proach the Sault Ste. Marie canal, almost in pro-
cess of construction, except by very small vessels.
I therefore move to add the following proviso to
that clause:
, Provided, That the survey of so much of the communi-
i cation between Lake Huron and the Sault Ste. Marie as may
be necessary to ascertain what part thereof requires to be
• deepened, shall be made without delay, and the plans and
: estimates of the nature and expenses of the work shall be
laid before Congress at its next session.
i This proviso requires no appropriation. It only
requires that the survey there may go on immedi-
acy, so as to have furnished to the next Congress,
at its first session, the necessary information in
regard to it.
I find, also, that there has been in this bill an es-
timate by accident omitted. The Senate will ob-
serve that the $50,000 for the survey was originally
in the Army appropriation bill. The House
transferred it to the civil and diplomatic appro-
priation bill, and in the act of transferring it, they
left out an important estimate which any gentle-
man from the lakes will understand at once, the
printing and distributing of the charts of the lake
surveys, §1,500. By some accident, that which
should have followed the other, has been omitted
in transferring it from one bill to the other. I move
its insertion.
Mr. HUNTER. Do I understand that the
amendment in regard to the survey, is the applica-
tion of an old appropriation ? _
Mr. CASS. It is the application of no appro-
priation. It is added to the appropriation of
$50,000 already in the bill, and its ohjectis, instead
of having the survey go on regularly, to have that
portion of it over those two little lakes go on now.
Mr. HUNTER. The appropriation in the bill
is for the survey of the lake coast.
Mr. CASS. * The survey will have to be made.
This only requires the survey of that portion to
which I allude to be made immediately.
Mr. HUNTER. But if we burden this bill with
a survey for the lake coast, it will be putting on
internal improvements.
Mr. CASS. Not at all. It only requires the
survey to be made, and to be sent here, that Con-
gress may have it before them. It requires the
survey to be first made at the place designated.
Mr, SMITH. It is a part of the lake survey.
Mr, BELL. I desire to inquire of the Senator
from Michigan, whether this proposition does not
necessarily imply that when the survey shall be
made, and the estimate for the deepening of the
channel shall be furnished, we shall be pledged to
the work ?
Mr. CASS. Not in the least; only what Con-
gress shall think proper to do.
Mr. BELL. That is what I mean. I want t6
know whether the seven hundred and fifty thou-
sand acres of land which we granted was not in-
tended to be applied to that object?
Mr. CASS. I have nothing to do with that.
The amendment is in relation to the survey of it
particular portion of the lake coast, which is pro-
vided for.
Mr. BELL. I rose to inquire whether this doerf
not apply to the pass between Lake Huron and
Lake Superior?
Mr. CASS. It is on the lake communication*
undoubtedly.
Mr. BELL. Is it not the pass for which we
appropriated land at the last session ?
Mr. CASS. Not at all.
Mr. SMITH. I do not want to occupy the
attention of the Senate, but this is really a very
important object.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BRIGHT. I have several amendments
which I have been instructed to offer by the Com-
mittee on Finance. The first is to insert the fol-
lowing in the bill:
For completing the grading and paving of the carriage
way of Pennsylvania avenue from Seventeenth street to
Rock creek, and for setting the curbstones, and for paving
the footway six feet wide on the side of the avenue, in ad-
dition to the sum heretofore appropriated for that object,
$14,700: Provided, That the sum required for paving said
footway shall not be expended, unless the owners of the
property op| osite thereto are required, under the direction
of the authorities of the city of Washington, to pave at
least ten feet in width of the space allotted for a side walk,
in continuation and adjoining the same,
j Mr. WELLER. What is that for?
j Mr. BRIGHT. If the Senator wishes an eX«
j planation,I will state that the portion of the avenue
1 to which this applies, extends from the War De-
partment to the western limits of the city. It com-
pletes a work which was estimated for at the last
session, and has been estimated for again this year.
. I should think the distance is about half a mile.
The amount is no more than is absolutely neces-
sary to finish the work.
j The amendment was agreed to, there being, oil
a division—ayes 30, noes not counted.
Mr. BRIGHT. The next amendment is the
j following:
For the completion of the marine hospital at Evansville,
' Indiana, $20,000; and for the marine hospital at Natchez,
$4,000. p
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BRIGHT. The next amendment is as
follows:
jSnd be it further enacted, That the President of the Uni-
ted States be authorized to select three discreet persons to
appraise the building on the corner of F and Seventeenth
streets, owned by William B. Winder, now occupied as a
public office in this city, and that he be authorized to pur-
chase the tune at the appraised value, upon a valid title
Which sum is hereby appropriated for that purpose.
I do not appear as the advocate of the amend-
ment. It is a subiect which has been before Con-
gress for the last three or four years. Appropria-
• tions of #200,000 have at various times passed the
House of Representatives for the purchase of this
building. I have uniformly opposed the paying
' of that sum for it. The Committee on Finance
has had its attention directed to the subject again
at this session, and has agreed that the President
of the United States shall select three discreet per-
sons to appraise the property, and, provided it is
not valued at more than $200,000, that he may
purchase it, if in his opinion the public interest
will be promoted by so doing. I have thus stated
the facts. 1 am not an advocate of the measure.
The Senate can do as it pleases with it.
Mr. HALE. Would it be in order to move to
strike out that part of the amendment which pro-
1 videa that the cost shall not be more than $200,000?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Certainly,
i Mr. HALE. If we do not strike that out, the
cost will certainly come up to $200,000. By put-
! ting it in, it is a sort of feeler, by which the val-
uation will ber made.
Mr. BRIGHT. That sum was inserted for the
: reason that I understood the owner of the building
- will not take less. If it is appraised at less, he is
i not of coune bound to take the price. It is a
matter of dictation with him after it is appraised.
Mr, CLARKE. I think that provision should
