1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
951
The amendment was agreed to. j
Mr. WELLER. I move to add at the end of |
the clause making; provision for the salaries and i
incidental expenses of the commission for settling
land claims in California the following:
Provided, further, That out of said sum herein appro-
pnated there shall be paid to the eolnmijsioners appointed
under the act March M, 1851, the sum of $3,0110 in lieu of
the compensation heretofore allowed. •
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WELLER. I move to amend the bill by j
adding the following:
That the Secretary of the fnterior is hereby authorized to 1
adjust the accounts and pay to the respective census agents
in California, at the rate of compensation which, upon sat-
isfactory proofs of their services, he may consider just and
equitable, out of any moneys heretofore appropriated for
the taking of the Seventh Cen<us, and to pay for those re-
turns which were accidentally destroyed before reaching
the Census Office as if they had been regularly returned.
Mr. HUNTER. That should be more specific,
and some limit put upon the allowance. W e
should not leave everything to the discretion of
the Secretary—the compensation of the officers,
and everything else.
Mr. WELLER. The limit is found in the ap-
propriation heretofore made, and all the authority
given by the amendment is to the Secretary of the
Interior to adjust the accounts upon principles of
equity. As a matter of course, the taking of the
census was necessarily more expensive in Cali-
fornia than elsewhere; and upon their producing
satisfactory proof of this unusual expense—1 speak
of their being unusual, for they were not so else-
where—he shall be authorized to allow these men
accordingly. Some returns were consumed by
fire, and therefore the agents in taking the census
were precluded from making their returns to the
office. I think justice requires that they should
be paid, as they had used every means in their
power to comply with the requisition of the law.
So far as it goes, it is simply to give the authority
to the Secretary of the Interior to settle with these
men upon principles of equity.
Mr. DAVIS. I desire to ask the Senator if
these men have not received the ordinary pay?
Mr. WELLER. It will exceed the ordinary
pay to agents who have taken the census else-
where.
Mr. DAVIS. That is not the question. Have
they not received the pay allowed by law ?
Mr. WELLER. They have not. The Sec-
retary of the Interior is not authorized to allow
them more than was fixed for the taking of the
census elsewhere.
Mr. DAVIS. Has he allowed that ?
Mr. WELLER. Yes, sir.
Mr. DAVIS. Now, I suppose there were hun-
dreds of petitions presented here at the last ses-
sion from marshals and assistant marshals, asking
for an increase of compensation in all parts of the
country, and it would seem to be reasonable if j
we increase the compensation in California, that
it should be increased elsewhere. It seems to me
we are not prepared to go into this matter. There
were many hundreds of petitions presented here
at the last session for increased compensation.
Mr. GWIN. I will make a single remark in
regard to this matter. There is a misunderstand-
ing between the Secretary of the Interior and
those who drafted the law allowing additional
compensation in California and New Mexico.
The Secretary did not put the same construction
upon the law that the Senator from Kentucky
[Mr. Underwood] did; and it is owing to that
cause that we got the census taken in California
very imperfectly. The limitation was taken off
because the Secretary placed a different construc-
tion upon the law from that intended by those
who drafted it. When the provision of the law
to which I allude went out—although no money
was sent on to pay the agents—they went on and
took the census. There is one gentleman, to my
own knowledge, who has spent $700, and whose
remuneration, according to the estimate of the
Secretary of the Interior, is only $500. It is be-
cause of the interpretation which is placed upon
the law by the Secretary of the Interior, that it is
necessary to pass the amendment. The Senator
from Kentucky informed me at the time when I
complained of the census being taken there, owing
to a defect in the law, that it was a defect in the
interpretation of the law; that the law gave full
authority to increase the compensation of those
agents; and, under the belief that the authority
was given them, they took the census, and have
not been paid for it.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. A rule which was ap-
plied to all other parts, never did apply to Califor-
nia. If you will examine the act upon the subject
it will be found, as far as the English language
can make it,—and I so informed my friend from
California when in conversation with him last
session on the subject,—that the rule adjusted by
the square root [laughter] in reference to other
portions of the United States did not apply to Cal-
ifornia. Because of the currency, and because of
the circumstances which existed in that portion of
the United States, the Secretary of the Interior
was authorized to give a reasonable compensation
for taking the census in California. That is the
law. I do not know that we can go into it now,
because it would be necessary to see what the Sec-
retary has done, and what contracts he made. He
had a right to make contracts for the doing of this
business in California, and 1 should like to know
what contracts he did make, whom he employed,
and what he agreed to pay. These things are ne-
cessary in order to enable us to act upon it, and
it seems to me that it cannot be done well now.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope we will not bring any
controverted questions up now. We must get
through this bill to-night.
Mr. GWIN. This is brought forward on the
express recommendation of the Secretary of the
Interior. He sent the amendment to the Finance
Committee, but that committee had not time to
act upon it, and my colleague offers it on that ac-
count. The object is to authorize the Secretary
of the Interior to do precisely what the Senator
from Kentucky says he was authorized to do. The
parties with whom the contracts were made went
on under the belief that we would give them a rea-
sonable compensation. They made their accounts
out, and not one of them has got the money which
he expended originally in taking the census, be-
cause the Secretary puts a limitation upon the law
that those who drew the law never did.
The question being taken on the amendment,
there were, on a division—ayes 18, noes 18.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Badger
! in the chair.) The Chair votes in the affirmative.
The amendment is therefore agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. I should like to have a re-
count.
Mr. CLARKE. I ask for the yeas and nays.
Mr. WELLER. It is too late; the result has
been announced.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The vote stood
18 ayes to 18 noes, not counting the vote of the
Chair. The Chair voted "aye," which made the
result 19 ayes, 18 noes. Of course the amend-
ment is carried.
Mr. HUNTER. The Chair had no right to
vote after announcing the count.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair did
not announce the result. It announced 18 ayes
and 18 noes; and that the Chair voted in the affirm-
ative.
Mr. BORLAND. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The resulthas
been announced.
Mr. HALE. I rise to a question of order on
this point. When our Presiding Officer is the
Vice President of the United States, he, not being
a member of the body, is empowered by the Con-
stitution to reserve his vote to the last, and decide
a question when it is a tie vote; but when the Pre-
siding Officer is one of our own members, if he
means to vote, he must vote with the other mem-
bers when his name is called, and he cannot re-
serve his vote to decide a question. That is the
point of order which I raise.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
overrules the point of order.
Mr. CLARKE. I ask, then, that the vote may
be taken over again.
Mr. WELLER. That cannot be done.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By common
consent, the Chair will put the question again.
Mr. WELLER and Mr. GWIN objected.
Mr. CHASE. There was obviously a misun-
derstandingof the question. I voted in the affirm-
ative, and I therefore move a reconsideration.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to, and the
question recurred upon the amendment.
Mr. RUSK. The objection which I have to
this amendment is, that if we grant the additional
compensation to California, it will be setting a
precedent for other States. There has been an
application, I venture to say, for additional com-
pensation from every State in the Union. Now,
it will not be a fair proceeding to give to one and
not to all.
Mr. GWIN. The restriction was taken off in
those States.
Mr. WALKER. I differ from the Senator from
Texas. I do not think the other States stand in
the same category with the State of California.
In the other States the census was taken in a way
which was satisfactory, and the apportionment of
their Representatives in the other branch of Con-
gress was made upon it. I differ from the Sen-
ator from California in this, that I think the last
State which ought to have an extra compensation
is California, for it was claimed by her repre-
sentatives upon this floor that the census was
taken erroneously, so that the Senate was induced
to give an extra member of Congress upon a guess.
Now, if that great amount of erroneousness in
taking the census actually obtained, J cannot see
that there was as much merit on the part of its
officers as in other States. I cannot see why we
are asked to give extra compensation to them.
It was claimed by her own representatives that
her census had been most imperfectly taken, that
the agents did not discharge their duty, and I can
see no merit in the proposition; consequently other
States merit the extra compensation if these agents
do. If this is agreed to, I shall feel myself bound
to offer an amendment in regard to the census-
takers in Wisconsin.
Mr. WELLER. There is no doubt that the
census was imperfectly taken in California by the
agents of the Federal Government. It is also
equally true that there were some gentlemen who
were engaged in taking the census who performed
, their duties faithfully. Now, they are not asking
1 anything in the shape of liberality from Congress.
1 The utmost they are expecting from the Govern-
ment, is to be reimbursed for the money that they
have actually expended in taking the census.
Every man who knows anything of California,
knows that it took at least five dollars a day to
hire a mule to ride over that country. There was
an extraordinary expenditure of course, and it is
that extraordinary expenditure which makes Cal-
ifornia an exception to the rule which should gov-
ern other States in taking the census. So far as I
know these gentlemen who have been engaged in
taking the census, the utmost that any one expects
under this provision, is to get the money that he
has actually expended in discharging the duties
imposed upon him.
Mr. GWIN. That is all.
Mr. WELLER. I have no feeling about this
matter at all, and if I were not satisfied in my con-
science that these men were laboring now only to
get what they have expended in their attempts to
take the census, I would not ask for it.
j Mr. UNDERWOOD. What documents have
' we to show what was expended, and how it was
expended?
Mr. WELLER. They will no doubt be re-
quired, under the amendment, to produce their ac-
counts to the Secretary of the Interior before they
are audited. My colleague and myself can super-
vise these accounts, if necessary, and we will be
enabled to inform the Secretary of the Interior
what was the reasonable expense of taking the
: census.
Mr. BAYARD. I can see no reason for re-
ferring the adjustment of the accounts of the mar-
shals and assistant marshals in California to a
different tribunal from that which is to determine
upon the accounts of other marshals and assistant
marshals throughout the country. It is perfectly
within the knowledge of the Senate that a vast
variety of petitions from every State in the Union
were presented to the Senate at the last session
upon this subject. They were referred to the
Committee on Claims. After a full investigation
that committee reported against any additional
! allowance to the marshals, with a single exception.
I In a particular case, the party made out a specific
' case of positive loss and additional expenditure
connected with the performance of his duties,
which did not attach to the general performance of
his duties. We further ascertained in reference to
these allowances that they averaged in different
•• States not less than from five to six dollars a day,
i and in Borne th« allowance exceeded eight dollar*
