954
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
league. Independent States have ever claimed
and exercised jurisdiction over the sea appurte-
nant and adjacent to their ^hores; and it is only
since the invention of cannon that writers upon
national law have confined it to a marine league.
The philosophy of this modern rule is, that this is
the extent of a cannon's reach upon the sea, and
the limit, therefore, of the power of the States,
from the shore over the sea.
Dut when the reason of the law no longer ex-
ists, the law must accommodate itself to the change;
and now that the guns of our country tell from
the shore six miles upon the sea, it would, in my
judgment be unwise gratuitously to limit their
power to three miles. 1 say thus much upon this
point, sir, to show that in speaking of our terri-
torial jurisdiction of a marine league, I do not ad-
mit the correctness of this modern doctrine; and
to contend that the true and ancient rule upon the
subject is, that it extends over the adjacent seas
just as far as we can maintain it from the shore,
whatever that distance may be. Improvements in
the projectiles of warfare may enable us as com-
pletely to command the seas upon our coasts ten
miles as three miles from our shores; and it is in-
expedient to throw away such advantages by gra-
tuitous legislation.
Possessing as independent States this jurisdic-
tion over their bays, harbors, and adjacent seas,
they possessed the absolute and exclusive right to
all the fisheries therein.
This right was vested in the Crown of Great
Britain until our Revolution; and in the language
of Chief Justice Taney, (Martin  s. Waddell, 16
Peters, S. C. R., 410:)
" When the Revolution took place, tke people of each State
became themselves borereizn: and in that right hold the ab-
solute right to all their navurable waters and the soil?* un-
der them for their own common u*e, subject only to the
right# surrendered by the Constitution to the General Gov-
ernment "
The right of a State to the fisheries in its ad-
jacent waters is cJearly established by leading
writers upon international law.
Vattel says, (Book 1, ch. 23, p. 187:)
"The various uses of the sea near its coast, render it very
susceptible of property. People there fish and draw from
thence shells, pearls, amber, &.c. The nation to whom
the coasts belong, may appropriate to itself an advantage
which it is considered as having taken possession of, and
made a profit of it, in the same manner as it may possess
the domain of the land it inhabits. If a nation has fish-
ing on its coast that is particularly advantageous, and of
which it may become master, shall it not be permitted to
appropriate this natural advantage to itself as a depend-
ence on the country it possesses, and if there are a suffi-
cient number of fish to furnish the neighboring nations, of
reserving to itself the great advantage it may receive from
thern by commerce ?
44A nation may appropriate things where the free and com-
mon use ofthcin would be prejudicial or dangerous. This is
a second reason why Powers extend their dominion over
the sea, along the coast as far as they are able to protect
their right.
"The banks of the sea belong incontestibly to the na-
tions that possess the country of which it is apart, and
these are the number ol public things.
"Alt we have said of the parts of the sea, near the coast,
may be said more particularly, and with much greater
reason, of the roads, bays, and straits, as still more capable
of being occupied, and of greater importance to the safety
of the country. "
Martin, upon the same point says: (Martin on
Lawsof Nations, ed. hy Cobbett^ch. 4,see. 10,p. 166:)
44 The sea surrounding the coast, as well as those parts
of it which are land locked, such as the roads, little bays,
gulfs, &c., as those that are situated within cannon shot of
the shore, (that is within the distance of three leagues,) are
so entirely the property, and subject to the dominion of the
master of the coast, that he has the exclusive right to all the
produce of it, whether ordinary or accidental, as far as re-
lates to things unclaimed by any other lawful proprietor.
44 The waters and fisheries over which we seek to extend
our laws are peculiarly embraced in the description given
by these authors, as being properly appurtenant to the adja-
cent shores, and subject to the exclusive enjoymentand en-
tire control of its sovereign."
This principle of national law has been judi-
cially examined and determined in our own courts,
and it is no longer an open question.
Mr. Justice Washington, in an able opinion
pronounced in 1823, (Corfield vs. Coryell, Wash
Cir. C. Rep.,pp. 318, ^9, 381-2-3,) says:
" The first question then is, whether this act. or either
section of it, is repugnant to the power granted to Congress
to legulate commerce ? Commerce with foreign natton*
and among the several States, can mean nothing more than
intercourse with those nations, and among those States
for purposes of trade, be the object of the trade what it may •
and this intercourse must include all the means by which
it can be carried on, whether by the free navigation of the
waters of the several States, or by a passage over land
through the States, where such passage becomes neces-
sary to the commercial intercourse between the States. [t
is this inteicourse which Congress is invested with the
power of regulating, and with which no Sfafehas a right to
interfere. But this power, which .comprehends the use of,
and passage over the navigable water!* of the several States,
does by no means impair the right of the State governments
to legislate upon all subjects ot internal police within their
territorial limits, which is not forbidden by the Constitution
of the United States, even although such legislation may
indirectly and remotely affect commerce, provided it does
not interfere with the regulations of Congress upon the same
subject. Such are inspection,quarantine, and health laws ;
laws regulating the internal commerce of the State; laws
establishing and regulating turnpike roads, ferries, canals,
and the like.
" In the case of Gibbons vs. Ogden, 9 Wheat. 1, which
we consider as full authority for the principles above stated,
it is said, ' that no direct power over these objects is granted
4 to Congress, and consequently they remain subject to
'State legislation. If the legislative power of the Union
4 can reach them, it must be for national purposes ; it must
* be when the power is expressly given /or a specified pur-
pose, or is clearly incident to some power which is ex-
' pressly given.'
44 But if the power which Congress possesses to regulate
commerce does notintertere with that of the State to regu-
late its internal trade, although the latter may remotely af-
fect external commerce, except where the laws of the State
may conflict with those of the General Government; much
less can that power impair the right of the State govern-
ments to legislate, in such manner as in their wisdom may
seem best, over the public property of the State, and to reg-
ulate the u>e of the same, where such regulations do not
interfere jvith the free navigation of the waters of the
State, lorpurposes of commercial intercourse, nor with the
trade within the Mate, which the laws ot ihe United States
permit to be carried on.
" The grant to Congress to regulate commerce on the
navigable waters belonging to the several States, renders
those waters the public property of the United States, for
all the purpo&es of navigation and commercial intei course ;
subject only to Congressional regulation. But this grant
contains no cession, either express or implied, of territory,
or of public or private property. The jus privatum which
a State has in the soil covered by its waters, is totally dis-
tinct from the jus publicum with which it is clothed. The
former, such as fisheries of all descriptions, remains com-
mon to all the citizens of the State to which it belongs, to
be used by them according to their necessities, or according
to the laws which regulate their use. 4 Over these,' says
, Vattel, b. 1, c. 20, sect. 235, 246,4 sovereignty gives a right
i 4to the nation to make laws regulating the manner in which
f the common goods are to be used.5 4 He may make such
4 regulations respecting hunting and fishing, as to seasons,
4 as he may think proper, prohibiting the use ot certain nets
4 and other destructive methods.' Vattel, b. 1, c. 20, sect.
24d. The jus publicum consists in the right of all persons
to use the navigable waters of the State for commerce,
trade, and intercourse ; subject, by the Constitution of the
United States, to the exclusive regulation of Congress.
44 If, then, fisheries and oyster beds within the territorial
limits of a State are the common property of the citizens of
that State, and were not ceded to the United States by the
power granted to Congress to regulate commerce, it is diffi-
cult to perceive how a law of a State regulating the use of
this common property, under such penalties and forfeitures
as the State Legislature may think proper to prescribe, can
be said to interfere with the power so granted. The act
under consideration forbids the taking of oysters by any
persons, whether citizens or not, at unseasonable tunes,
and with destructive instruments; and for breaches of the
law, prescribes penalties in some cases, and forfeitures in
others. But the free use of the waters of the State for
purposes of navigation and commercial intercouise, is in-
terdicted to no person ; nor is the slightest restraint imposed
upon any to buy and sell, or in any manner to trade within
the limits ot the State." j
********
" This power in the Legislature of New Jersey to exclude
the citizens ot tlie other States from a participation in the
right of taking oysters within the waters of that State, was !
denied by the plaintiff's couusel, upon principles of public
law, independent of the provision of the Constitution which
we are considering, upon the ground that they are incapa- j
ble of being appropriated until they are caught. This ar- !
gument is unsupported, we think, by authority. Ruther-
toth, (b. 1, ch. 5, sect. 4 and 5, who quotes Grotius as his :
authority,) lays it down, that, although wild beasts, birds,
and fishes, which have not been caught, have never 111 fact 1
been appropriated, so as to separate them from the common 1
stock to which alt men are equally entitled, yet where the
exclusive right in the water and soil which a persoH has I
occasion to use in taking them is vested in others, no other
person can claim the liberty of hunting, fishing, or fowling,
on lands or waters which are so appropriated. ' The 1
1 sovereign,' says Grotius, (b. S, ch. 2. sect. 5,)' who has
'dominion over the land, or waters, in which the fish are,
' may prohibit foreigners [by which expression we under-
. ' stand him to mean others than subjects or citizens of the
' State] from taking them.'"
!********
" There are doubtless acts which may be done upon the
navigable waters of a State which the Government of the
United States, and that of the State, have a concurrent
power to prohibit, and to puni&h as offenses ; such, for ex-
1 ample, as throwing ballast into them, or in any other way
impeding the free use and navigation of such rivers. But
we hold that the power to regulate the fisheries belonging
to the several States, and to punish those who should
j transgress those regulations, was exclusively vested in the
| States, respectively, at the time when the present Constitu-
i tion was adopted, and that it wa* not surrendered to the j
! United States, by the mere grant of admiralty and maritime 1
jurisdiction to the judicial branch of the Government. In- ,
j deed, this power in the States to regulate the fisheries in j
I their navigable rivers and waters, was not, in direct terms, I
1 questioned by the plaintiff's counsel; and yet their argu- I
■ inent upon this point, when followed out to its necessary
j consequences, amounts to a denial of that power."
' The Senator from New Jersey who sits furthest
from me, will doubtless remember this case, which
i resulted in sustaining the jurisdiction of that State
over the fisheries in a part of Delaware Bay, and
in excluding the citizens of other States from
taking fish within her jurisdiction without her
consent.
But, sir, when the Senator from Massachusetts
introduced this bill, he admitted the proposition
that this right was exclusive in the States anterior
to the formation of our Constitution; for he pro-
poses to exercise a power which the General Gov-
ernment, if possessed of at all, could only, have
derived from the States; and it is incumbent upon
him to show wherein and how they have parted
with it.
If the General Government does possess the
right over the fisheries, within the jurisdiction of
the States, which is here claimed, it must be found
in the Constitution; and where are we to look for
it?
It is asserted that it is included in the terms of
the first article of the eighth section of the Consti-
tution, which gives to Congress the
" Power to regulate commerce with foreign nations, and
among the several States."
But this is not an open question. It has been
judicially determined by the courts of the country.
The right to " regulate commerce" presupposes an
existing commerce, and implies the power to pro-
vide for and regulate its conduct, or transit, over
the water or the land; and, though Congress mav
rightfully confer upon foreign nations the right of
way over the waters of a State, and regulate and
control that right of way for the public interests,
without the consent of the State, it can hardly be
thence assumed that it can deprive the State of its
property, its treasures within its waters, without
its consent. In ceding to the General Government
this right to " regulate commerce," the States part-
ed wiih a prerogative, but not with their tangible
property. They no more parted with the fisheries
in their waters, over which commerce is regulated,
than they did with the minerals in their soil, over
which the land transit of the United States mails
is regulated. The legislation of Congress, from
the formation of our Government to the present
moment, shows that no attempt has ever been
made to deprive the States of their fisheries, under
this constitutional provision.
Sir, these considerations are sufficiently weighty
to cause me to withhold my approbation from this
bill; but they become insurmountable when applied
to the condition of my own State. Floridapos-
seses upon her Gulf coast valuable fisheries. Tjiey
were enjoyed by the Spaniards for thirty years
before we acquired the territories in 1819, and have
been chiefly relied upon for supplying the Cuban
demand. Some twenty vessels have found profit-
able employment in them, chiefly owned and man-
aged by citizens of the northern States, ever since
the acquisition of the Floridas; and these fisheries
must become daily more valuable as the population
of Cuba and Porto Rico shall increase. These are
Catholic colonies—dried and fresh fish compose a
large item of their general corsumption. The
turtle fishery, though valuable also, on the south
coast of Florida, is not carried on to much extent.
The British Government has twice attempted to
obtain for its American colonies the privilege of
the Florida fisheries.
Mr. DAVIS. If the Senator will allow me, I
will suggest that I have not the least objection to
adding a proviso to my amendment, that it is not
designed nor intended to interfere with fisheries
over which any State has exclusive jurisdiction.
Mr. MALLORY. I was proceeding to show,
Mr. President, that the British Government had
sought the privilege of participating in these fish-
eries. The last letter of the British Minister upon
this subject, of August 9, 1831, to our Department
of State, was referred to the then able and patri-
otic Governor of the Territory of Florida, William
P. Duvall, who promptly addressed an earnest
remonstrance against the right of the General Gov-
ernment to control or deprive Florida (though then
a Territory) only of her fisheries; and theprivilege
sought for the Bahamians was not granted.
_ But, sir, though what I have thus far said fur-
nishes ample reason for opposing the passage of
this measure in its present form, there is still a
view of it which must render it odious to every
southern Senator.
The Bahama Islands of New Providence, El-
enthera, Green Turtle Key, Abaco, and other*,
