1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
055
are peopled principally by the ignorant, idle, and j
vicious British emancipees, many of them native
Africans, who have completely the control of the
white inhabitants who are coming to South Flor-
ida in great numbers.
These islands are from one to two days' sail
from the shores of Florida, and the slaves of the
Florida planters, who are compelled to use boats
for plantation purposes, have been frequently en-
ticed away by the British free negroes who visited
our ports as seamen of Bahama vessels, these ves-
sels being generally manned by free negroes.
This evil became so intolerable that in 1848 the
British Government was notified that the act of
Congress of 28th of February, 1803, which pro-
hibits the introduction of free negroes, whether
composing the crews of vessels or not, into the
ports of States contrary to the laws of such States,
would be strictly enforced.
In 1846 seven negroes murdered the light-house
keeper at Cape Florida, and fled to Nassau, New
Providence, in an open boat. The Government
of the United States sent specially a revenue cut-
ter to Nassau, with the United States marshal of
South Florida, to demand the murderers. A copy
of the indictment found against them was pre-
sented to the British authorities, and witnesses ac-
companied the marshal, who identified them. But,
of course, they were not surrendered; and the offi-
cers of the United States were publicly threatened
and insulted by the free negro population.
This population is rapidly increasing, and will
at no distant day become a burden upon the Brit-
ish Treasury; and hence the effort made by the
British Government to obtain for them a partici-
pation in the Florida fisheries, and consequently
in the trade which they sustain.
I am aware that my friend from Massachusetts
will reply that the provisions of this bill extend
only to the vessels of the British North Agierican
Provinces, and exclude those of the Bahamas.
But, sir, every Senator at all familiar with the com-
mercial laws and usages of our country—and ours
are borrowed from Great Britain—must see at a
glance that these provisions furnish not the slight-
est guard against the employment of Bahama ves-
sels and Bahama free negroes, not only within
the bays and harbors, but upon the shores of Flor-
ida.
The process by which a Bahama vessel and
crew would become a New Brunswick or Nova
Scotia vessel and crew is no mystery, for it is in
daily operation around us. I
Pass this bill, and this will be the result: A
Bahama owner, a merchant perhaps of Nassau,
desirous of engaging in the Florida fisheries for
the Cuban market, would at once transfer the ;
title of his vessel to a British resident of New !j
Brunswick, by the ordinary bill of sale. The char- s
acter of the vessel is governed by the residence of |
the owner, and without leaving the port of Nassau , j
a register is sent out by the new owner, and the i
Mary of .Vassau becomes the Mary of St. John's, and
comes at once within the provisions of the bill.
The Federal custom-house officers of Florida,
however anxious they might be to prevent the
presence of such a vessel with a crew of free
blacks immediately in contact with our slaves,
would be powerless. They could not go behind
the British register declaratory of the vessel's
character. |
It is no answer to say that this could only be
brought about by fraud, and that we should not '
permit the anticipations of fraudulent evasions to
deter legislation. ]
I may say without the fear of contradiction, that
twenty-five per centum of the registers of even
our own vessels, do not contain the names of their
real and bona fide owners; and this, too, though the
registry act requires their names to be set forth
on oath in the register, and punishes u failure or J
violation.
Our admiralty courts understand this matter
very well, and have repeatedly ruled that the
names in the register are but prima facie evidence
of ownership, and that oral testimony may rebut
it.
Nor must I be told that the British emancipees
would have no desire to leave their own islands.
Nine tenths of the crews of the Bahama vessels are
composed of them; and their labor being worth
about one tenth of what it would be on the Florida
coast, a constant and feverish desire exists amongst
them to come to our shores.
i Need I remind the Senate of the policy which
the southern States firmly pursue towards this
class of persons, or of the laws which the dictates
of self-preservation have placed upon their statute-
books ? Is it necessary for me to declare that no
power on earth can constrain them, under any
pretext whatever, to permit these British emanci-
pees, the idle, vicious, mischievous, and degener-
ate results of the British emancipation policy,
whether called " crews ofvessels"ornot, to touch
their shores, or reside within their jurisdiction?
If every statute of the southern States upon
this subject were swept away, that great principle
of all legal systems, the immutable principle of
self-preservation, would devise some ready means
of preventing an evil which experience has shown
cannot be too carefully controlled. Were the
General Government unequivocally to recognize
the right of the manumitted negroes of Britain to
fish within the waters, and cure their fish upon the
shores of a southern State, it would be clearly
illegal; but whether illegal or not, such a right
could never be enforced; and it is as well to say
so at once.
Sir, if this bill is not designed to produce the
state of things which I have anticipated—and I do
not suppose for a moment that it was so designed—
then this amendment of mine is manifestly proper;
for we cannot too carefully avoid such an inter-
pretation. Nor should we permit ourselves to use
language which may mislead the British Govern-
ment. I am unwilling to use any language which
may be construed into an admission that the fish-
eries of the States—that is, the fisheries, if you
please, within three miles of the coast of a State—
can be possessed or enjoyed by any foreign Power
without the consent of the State; and 1 am equally
unwilling to use any language which may, even
by implication, be construed into an admission
that the General Government may legislate per-
sons within the jurisdiction of a Stale, afloat or
ashore, contrary to the laws of such State.
Relieve the bill from these objections, and I may
vote for it; but, seeing as I do, that in its present
shape, it is violative of rights dear to all the States,
that its operation must prove highly offensive to a
large portion of this Union—a portion, too, which,
under all and every demand of our common coun-
try, has never faliered, never shrunk from main-
taining, at every hazard, its dignity and honor—
I cannot think of giving it my sanction; and I
call upon Senators around me, in whose watchful-
ness over the rights of the States I so firmly con-
fide, to examine it.
Mr. DAVIS. I shall make a very brief reply
to the Senator from Florida. He has two objec-
tions to my amendment. The first is, that it is to
interfere with the rights of the States—the juris-
diction , in other words, over the water of the U nited
States. Now, sir, I believe the bill is exempt from
that difficulty entirely. It limits the operation of
the amendment to the waters of the United Statea,
in other words, the waters over which the United
States have sovereignty and jurisdiction. There-
fore, if a State has the rights and privileges, such as
the Senator from Florida supposes to be vested in
them, that is not a common right. The expressions
used in the bill is " common rights"—rights com-
mon to the whole conntry, open to everybody. If
it is a State right, it is not a common right, it is a
right exclusively in the Slates. If it is a private
fishery, it is a right vested in private gentlemen,
and they are not intended to be invaded or touched
at all by the amendment. I do not undertake to
settle where the sovereignty of the State goes, and
where the sovereignty of the United States com-
mences, though 1 have a decided opinion about
that. I take the constitutional provision to be
very clear. But the amendment itself is limited to
the waters of the United States, and to common
rights in those waters. It necessarily by its terms
excludes private rights, and also State rights. The
amendment does not claim on the part of the Uni-
ted States any authority or jurisdiction over any
of the waters which the Constitution does not give.
Mr. BAYARD. The honorable Senator will
allow me to make a suggestion here. The lan-
guage of the amendment limits the jurisdiction to
the waters of the United States, excepting from
that jurisdiction river rights of fishing. The ex-
ception, therefore, necessarily implies that all the
waters of the United States, over which they have
any species of jurisdiction than river fisheries, are
to come within the terms of the amendment.
j Now, I understand the amendment of the Senator
from Florida simply is to make the amendment of
the Senator from Massachusetts more definite, and
define what the rights of the State is so far as her
territorial jurisdiction is concerned. There can
certainly no harm result from the adoption of that
amendment. I think there might be a difficulty
under the general language of the amendment of
the Senator from Massachusetts when it declares
that foreign nations shall have the right to fish in
the waters of the United States with theexception
of river fisheries. As I hold the question to be
free from possibility of doubt that the States have
, an exclusive jurisdiction with reference to the right
• of fishing in its territorial limits, I think the
I amendment of the Senator from Florida is essen-
tially necessary.
Mr. DAVIS. The gentleman interpolates an
argument into mine, but at the same time it brings
you back to the view I take of the subject. The
original amendment itself ex re termini implies
nothing but that it shall apply to those waters over
which the United States have jurisdiction. If it
implies more, I am willing that it shall be altered.
It says " the waters of the United States," mean-
ing thereby waters over which the United States
have jurisdiction, and over which they have power
to concede this right. It was not the purpose of
my amendment to interfere in any way with the
waters over which the States have jurisdiction. I
will not trouble the Senate, however, with further
remarks on that point. I think it is very clear
that such is the meaning, and certainly it is the
intent of the provision.
But the Senator from Florida makes another
objection which 1 will answer with equal brevity.
| He supposes that some injustice may be done to
i the southern States by certain free negroes living
; in the Bahama Islands, as I understand;that they
may come in upon the fisheries and do some sort
of mischief themselves, or disturb the peculiar in-
stitution; I do not know precisely what it is.
1 They are good fishermen, he says, but they may
come in under color of right under this enactment
if it should be so made. Now, let me say to the
gentleman, that the amendment is limited to the
five northern Provinces of Great Britain, which
are named Canada, New Brunswick, Nova Sco-
tia, Prince Edward Island, and Newfoundland.
It is limited to those Provinces, and to the waters
of those Provinces, and it is limited not only to
the vessels of those Provinces—to vessels belong-
ing there, but to persons resident there. I have
taken every pains to limit it to those people, and
to those alone. Now, it is impossible that any
such persons as the Senator from Florida sup-
poses could come in and fish, and exercise any
such authority. I cannot say that frauds may
not be perpetrated. I cannot say that a black
man may not be mistaken for a white man, but
the people in the northern Provinces are generally
| white people. I cannot Bay that a fraud of that
I sort may not be perpetrated with success; but I
! do not see that it could be done without exciting
suspicions, and suspicions dangerous in their
character. Is it not enough that these pretended
fishermen are black and speak a different lan-
guage ?
I do not know whether the transfer of vessels
may be made with as much facility as the eentle-
man seems to suppose, but I do not see any mo-
tive for it. I do not see how it could be accom-
plished so practicably as he supposed. I do not
see how a vessel, of the character which the Sen-
ator from Florida describes, could enter those
waters, and successfully fish, without being ex-
posed to seizure, unless she could make it appear
that the vessel itself belonged to one of the northern
provinces, and was manned by persons resident
in those provinces. She must show all that be-
fore she can have the privilege of fishing there at
all. If that is not sufficient security, I do not
know what is. I only desire to place this on a
footing of reciprocity and equality.
I wish now to add what I did not say before—
that I have reason to believe, from looking over
the correspondence which was sent in yesterday,
that this question could have been settled, if it
had been promptly pursued last summer till it
reached a result; and that it was upon this basis
that the British ministry was willing- to settle ard
adjust it as a separate question, and I hope that
disposition continues to this day, and that the
! matter may be disposed of by legislation. It is
