956
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
better that it should be disposed of by legislation;
because, if any of the inconveniences which are
sugsested by the Senator from Florida should
arise, Congress, when they settle it by legislation,
keep the whole matter in their power, and may
come here at the very next session, and repeal the
law itself; so that there is really no danger at all
of suffering any particular inconvenience. The
moment Congress should hear that any such in-
convenience and fraud were inflicted upon the
Government as the Senator from Florida suggests,
it could modify or repeal the law; and that is the
advantage of settling it by act of Congress, instead
of doing it by negotiation and by treaty, which is
binding generally for a limited period of time. I
think the advantages are very great, inasmuch as j
it leaves the subject within our control. Jt leaves i
lis with a power to correct those inconveniences !
at all times, if they should spring up unexpectedly. ,
I hope, sir, that in the present attitude of things,
it will be the pleasure of the Senate to reject the
proposition of the Senator from Florida, and not
brin? the jurisdictions of the States and of the
United States in conflict with each other, and to
agree to my amendment, and if any evil grows
out of it, that evil can be remedied at the next
session.
Mr. HUNTER. We have two more legisla-
tive days, and all the appropriation bills are yet to
be acted upon. I hope the Senate will come to a
determination to put upon this bill no more con-
troverted matter, but let us dispose of the bill.
Mr. MALLORY. I am unwilling, sir, to per-
mit this question to beglossed over. I have called
upon the honorable Senator from Massachusetts
to show where he derives the power which this bill
proposes to exercise.
\ly friend from Delaware [Mr. Bayard] has
met the question fairly and frankly, and if, as he
suggests, the operation of the bill be confined to
similar latitudes, it may obviate the objections !
raised. But I desire that we may be shown when j
and where, the General Government derived the j
power which the Senator from Massachusetts ;
claims for it before we attempt to exercise it. |
Mr. DAVIS. 1 supposed I had answered the l
Senator fully, when I stated that there was no con-
flict of jurisdiction here at all; but if a State has j
exclusive jurisdiction to any waters whatever, this
amendment of mine will not interfere with it.
That is my answer. It only applies to the waters
of the United States, and not to the waters of the !
States.
Mr. BUTLER. I am sure that the honorable
Senator from Florida understands this subject bet-
ter than I do; but I must award to the honorable
Senator from Massachusetts this much: I think that
in good faith his purpose was to confine the propo-
sition to New Brunswick,Newfoundland, and the
other provinces named, in the northern latitude.
1 believe that that was his purpose; but I am afraid,
if the language of his amendment be allowed to I
pass without some explanation, it would certainly
give an enlargement, so far as regards foreign na-
tions, that is not allowable according to our law.
I have not looked particularly to the amendment,
but I suppose it allows foreigners to go within a
marine league of the shore as waters of the United
States. Now, if they are allowed to go within a
league at the North, regarding the waters within
that as waters of the United States, foreign nations
would not understand the rights of the States, and
would claim the same privilege in every State.
Foreign nations would not undertake to make the
interpretation or construction which my friend
from Florida has given it. They would take a
very broad view; and the same construction which
would allow us to go on the shores, and within a
marine league of the land in Newfoundland and
New Brunswick, might be applied by them to Flor-
ida or South Carolina. There ought to be some
explanation of that; though I do not think the hon-
orable Senator from Massachusetts intends any
such thing.
Mr. MALLORY. Nor do I think he ever had
any such intention.
Mr. BAYARD. The honorable Senator from
Maine [Mr. Hamlin'] has suggested to m.e an
amendment which will obviate all the difficulties
which I have, as the representative of my State.
The representatives of the other States may deter-
mine for themselves. The amendment is, that the
provisions of the proposition of the Senator from
Massachusetts shall not extend south of the for-
tieth degree of north latitude. That excludes my
State. I am not willing to sanction such a pro-
vision as applied to my State: that is, I am not
willing impliedly to recognize the right of the
General Government to negotiate away, or pass
any law in relation to the common right of fishery
within the limits of my State; yet if gentlemen
representing other States wish to adopt that pro-
viso as regards their States, I shall not object to it.
Mr. DAVIS. I wish to say that I am quite
willing to insert the words, " nor to any fisheries
to which any State has exclusive jurisdiction;"
to come in immediately after the words, " noth-
ing herein contained shall authorize fishing vessels
of one of the countries aforesaid to participate in
the river fisheries of the other."
Then, if the amendment of my friend from
Maine shall be added, it will be all the protection
that is wanted, 1 imagine.
Mr. HAMLIN. The amendment which has
been offered by the Senator from Massachusetts
has been prepared with great care, and I can as-
sure the Senator from Florida that it was only
designed to meet the exigencies of the case which
existed in relation to the northern fisheries. I
think the Senator from Florida is mistaken in re-
gard to the application of the provision. I think, if
it were to be passed, and become a law, and the
reciprocity in our fisheries should take place under
the provisions of the amendment of the Senator
from Massachusetts, there never would go on to
the Bahama banks, or the shore fisheries of the
South, a solitary vessel from the northern colonial
Provinces of Great Britain, because I doubt if you
can find colored population enough in these whole
Provinces to man out a single boat.
Mr. MALLORY. The honorable Senator will
allow me to ask him if a vessel does ifot assume
her character from the residence of the owner; and
if the transfer of a vessel is not by the transfer of
the register? and if that cannot be done by a
scratch of the pen, as well at the Bahamas as at
the northern Provinces ?
Mr. HAMLIN. I say that the character of
the population at the northern Provinces, with
which fishing vessels must be manned, is such
that there never could go to the South a crew com-
posed of such persons, as would be injurious or
dangerous to that section of the Union, as the
Senator from Florida supposes. That is my
opinion. I believe, too, the objection which was
raised as to the jurisdiction, was one that was
necessary, and it might have been with great
propriety left to your courts to determine over
what waters the States, and over what waters the
United States, have jurisdiction. But, sir, the
object of the amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts, and the true object of it, was, to
meet the exigencies which now exist in relation
to the northern fisheries. Let me say to gentle-
men, that the documents which have been placed
upon our tables within the last few days, con-
tain facts which show that during the interrup-
tion of the fisheries in the past year, the very few
who were engaged in them had suffered to the
extent of more than two and a half millions of
dollars. In the single article of mackerel, they
sustained an injury of more than a million of dol-
lars. Whereas, they took in the shore fisheries
of the Provinces in 1851, one million four hundred
thousand barrels, they took only about three hun-
dred barrels during the last year. They were
interrupted sand driven from the ground. With
this evil now existing, which has thus injured our
fishermen, 1 concur fully in the sentiments ex-
pressed by the honorable Senator from Massa-
chusetts, that unless we can devise some means
which will be just and equitable, by which the
question may be settled, there will be a collision
upon the fishing grounds. The American fisher-
men, who have always been ready to fight your
battles when you have been engaged in foreign
wars, will maintain their own rights there, and
will produce a collision I have no doubt, if their
rights shall be trenched upon.
Sir, I know it is suggested here that this is a
local question. My answer to that is, that it has
no locality about it, because there are no fisheries
really involved in this question south of the
parallel of latitude which has been named by the
Senator from Delaware, for which we, in our re-
gion, would give the snap of a single finger, or
for which a fisherman there would turn a copper.
Therefore, if we limit it to any latitude within
1 which all the fisheries are preserved, and by which
' the reciprocal rights may be limited, we get all
' we want, and that will certainly do away with
the objection which my friend from Florida has
raised. I am, therefore, perfectly willing to vote
for the proposition with that limitation.
Mr. TOUCEY. Mr. President, I wish to ask
the Senator from Massachusetts a question. He
says that he has a very distinct opinion upon this
subject. Does he intend by this proposition, by
an act of Congress to grant to British subjects the
right to fish within a marine league of the shore?
Air. DAVIS. Certainly.
Mr. TOUCEY. Certainly he does. That, I
supposed, was the intention.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the Senator from Connec-
ticut allow me a moment? One of the points of
difficulty which exists is as to the right to fish
within a marine league of the shore in the waters
of those Provinces. Now, according to my amend-
ment, the right is made reciprocal. It proposes
that our fishermen shall be let into the same rights
to fish in those waters, with the exception of
rivers, as British subjects, resident within those
Provinces; and it accords a like right to the waters
of the United States, with this limitation, which
I now propose to make, that it shall except not
only private fisheries, but those fisheries to which
any State has exclusive jurisdiction; and also that
the right of fishing shall not extend south of the
fortieth degree of north latitude.
Mr. TOUCEY. I supposed that that was the
object of this provision, because the rijht which
is sought to be obtained in the British Provinces,
| that is, the right to fish within a marine league,
i is that which is not granted by the treaty with
' Great Britain, under any construction of it. I
j supposed that the object of this provision was, by
| an act of Congress, to grant to British subjects a
j right to fish within the jurisdiction of the States
i where the laws of the States control, unless this
| Government has a right to regulate and control
! the fisheries within the jurisdiction of the States.
This subject comes up very suddenly and very
! unexpectedly. My own impression is, that within
the waters of the States, within a marine league,
the power of the States, the laws of the States,
must prevail with regard to fisheries. My impres-
sion is that Congress would not have the power
by law to regulate the fisheries upon the coasts, or
within the harbors of Massachusetts, or upon the
coasts or within the harbors of any of the States
which are embraced within this provision. I am
not prepared to admit that Congress has that
power. The laws of the States regulate the fish-
I eries within their jurisdiction, and I am not aware
j that Congress has exerted any such power.
Mr. DAVIS. Waters within the jurisdiction
of the States will be excepted by the amendment
I propose to make,
Mr. TOUCEY. If they be excepted, then what
is our proposition worth? You propose a recip-
rocal right. The only right that is granted is
within a marine league, and the only right sought
to be obtained in the British Provinces is within
a marine leasrue. The right we propose to grant
is a right within a marine league of the shore.
Then does not the provision become nugatory or
deceptive ?
Mr. DAVIS. That depends entirely upon what
is excepted.
Mr. TOUCEY. But in any view, if the Brit-
ish Government undertakes to act upon it, it un-
dertakes by law to grant us a privilege which the
treaty does not grant—that of fishing within a
marine league of the shore of the British Provinces;
and as an equivalent, Congress undertakes to grant
to British subjects a similar right to fish within
the waters of the States. I do not feel myself
ready to adopt legislation of that kind. I do not
know but that the objection which I have might
be removed; but as at present advised, I cannot
vote for any provision of this kind, and least of
all in an appropriation bill, where it does not
properly belong.
Mr. DAVIS. I think I can, in a very few
words, remove the difficulty of the honorable gen-
tleman. He may be right, but I do not think he
is, in regard to his construction of the provision.
But if the ground which he assumes is to have
any influence in a question of this sort, it is only
saying that no reciprocal regulation can be made
in any way; for he says that the United States
has no rights to concede, and has nothing to give
