18 53.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
957
which is an equivalent for a reciprocal right in a
foreign country. That may be so; but what I
want to bring to the attention of the honorable
Senator is this: He has doubts—he hesitates.
Well now, he is likely to have this matter before
him in the form of a treaty, and then he will have
to decide whether he will agree to that treaty. Is
it not a great deal better that the subject should be
a matter of legislation, and not of treaty regula-
tion ? If you regulate the matter by legislation,
it will be under the control of Congress, and if
your act works inharmoniously with our institu-
tions, we can repeal it. Is it not better that the
provision should be by legislation than by treaty?
A great deal better, in my opinion. Now, 1 pro-
pose that the experiment shall be tried—that an
offer shall be made; and if it is closed in with, and
does not work congenially to the feelings of the
country, or does any injustice to the States, the
power will be here to control and repeal the pro-
vision. I apprehend that it will work perfectly
well; that there will be found no inconvenience
whatever practically, because I have not the re-
motest idea that vessels of any of these colonies
would enter the waters here to fish. Our market
is what they desire. I do not think that is a very
probable thing under any case which could exist;
but still 1 cannot say that it will not be done. I
think the proximity of our people to our fisheries
would secure those fisheries to them. It is im-
possible for our fishermen to go from the North
and fish in the waters of Virginia. They do no
such thing, and cannot do it, because those who
reside near the waters will always have the control
of all such fisheries.
I do not see what objection there can be to my
proposition, if the fishermen are content with it.
it excepts, in the first place, private fisheries. It
then excepts those to which the States have ex-
clusive jurisdiction, and limits the right to what
is a common right of fishery. It is as welMimited
as it can be. It is limited to vessels in the five
northern Provinces, and to persons resident in
them as British subjects.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, I think it is
time that we should begin to vote down amend-
ments, upon the ground that there is no time to
consider them.
Mr. DAVIS. Let us vote this up.
Mr. HUNTER. I shall vote against this
amendment on the ground that there is not time
to consider these conflicting questions of jurisdic-
tion between the State governments and the Gen-
eral Government. I suppose that if we were to
pass this bill, all that could be done would be to
save the appropriation bills which are behind it.
There are but two legislative days left—but two
days for this bill and for all the other appropria-
tion bills—and we have not yet finally acted upon
any of the appropriation bills. Senators bring up
these propositions, involving grave and contro-
verted questions of constitutional law, and argue
them here as if they had all the time in the world
before them for their consideration. The only
way to prevent this is to begin and vote down
amendments on the ground that we have no time
to adopt any further amendments to this bill.
Mr. DAVIS. I think this amendment is not
the proper one on which to begin to vote down.
Mr. NORRIS. 1 am not going to consume the
time of the Senate, or to discuss questions which
have been discussed here; but there is one objec-
tion in addition to those which have already been
stated by other Senators, why I cannot vote for
this amendment of the honorable member from
Massachusetts, and it is this: It proposes to give
to British subjects the right not only to catch fish
within a marine league, but it attempts to give
them the right to enter upon the land, and there
cure their fish.
Mr. DAVIS. Not without agreement or con-
tract.
Mr. NORRIS. What is that agreement? I
should like to know.
Mr. DAVIS. My amendment expressly pro-
vides that no private rights shall be interfered with
without agreement.
Mr. NORRIS On land or water?
Mr. DAVIS. Neither.
Mr. NORRIS. Then it amounts to nothing at
all, but will lead to interminable controversy.
Mr. PETTIT. Mr. President, I shall vote
against this proposition; and to be very brief,and
not to assign all the reasons which I may have, I
! will give this one. To my mind, there cannot be
! any question but that the States control the waters
, within a marine league from their shores, for fish-
ing purposes; that the territories of Great Britain
do not control the waters as such, but Great Bri-
tain herself does. It would therefore be undoubt-
edly a deception, if we should say to Great Bri-
tain that her subjects shall have a right within a
marine league—that this Government can give to
her subjects the right to fish within a marine
league. That right, in my judgment, is reserved
j to the States; and therefore this Government has
not the power to give it. Great Britain, on the
other hand, could stipulate for the privilege to us
that our citizens should fish within a marine league
of her coasts upon this continent, a right which
she undoubtedly has, so long as she has the sov-
ereignty of her territory, the power to give. We
would, therefore, be holding out a deception and
a delusion; and while I am unwilling to be de-
ceived myself, I am just as unwilling to hold out
deception to a foreign Government. In all our
actions, fairness, openness, and frankness should
characterize our action. I wish to be understood.
I say that one reason, and it is reason enough,
why I shall not vote for the amendment of the
Senator from Massachusetts, is, that the subjects
of Great Britain will be deceived, from its provis-
ions, with the idea that they may fish within a
marine league of our coasts; when that right be-
longs to the States, as I hold; and Great Britain
gives us a right to fish within a marine league of
her territories, a right which she can grant, and a
corresponding right which we cannot grant. We
should, therefore, be deceiving her, thus tending
by no means to produce a friendly result.
' Mr. NORRIS. I was observing, upon this
I amendment a few moments ago, when I was con- ,
tradicted upon its provisions. Sir, I was right.
It gives to British subjects a right to enter upon
ii any lands belonging to the State of Maine, or any
| in New Hampshire, belonging to the State of
!j New Hampshire, or any lands belonging to any
j other State north of the fortieth parallel of north
latitude. It gives a right to enter upon the prop-
| erty of those States, without their agreement or
consent.
j Mr. DAVIS. Will the Senator point it out?
; Mr. NORRIS. The general body of the amend-
ment gives that right, but the particular matter
depends upon the proviso:
j " Prot'irferf, That nothing herein contained shall authorize
I fishing vessels of one of the countries aforesaid to partici-
i pate in the river fisheries of the other, nor shall anything
herein contained authorize any interference witli private
rights of fishery, or private rights of property, without
agreement."
But all the public property is not excepted. That
is the point to which 1 was referring. But there
is another reason why I will not vote for this
amendm#nt. 1 shall never vote, here or elsewhere,
for a bill of a sectional character. This amend-
ment, as it now stands, is applied to the States
north of the fortieth parallel of north latitude, and
not to those south of it. It involves a great prin-
ciple, and that principle I am not prepared to sur-
render. I will not vote for a bill which has not
as much application to the States south as to the
States north of this parallel of latitude.
Mr. DAVIS. I modify my amendment in the
way which I before suggested, by inserting the
words, "nor any fisheries to which any State has
exclusive jurisdiction."
Mr. TOUCEY. I wish to say that the amend-
ment which has just been introduced, excepting
fisheries over which the States have exclusive ju-
risdiction, would seem to obviate the principal
objection that weighed on my mind.
Mr. PRATT. I desire to ask the Senator from
Massachusetts, upon what possible point of land
or water, within the limits of the United States,
this amendment will operate?
Mr. PETTIT. In Oregon and the other Ter-
ritories.
Mr. PRATT. So far as the States of this Union
are concerned, I imagine that all the waters ad-
jacent to the land, within a marine league, belong
to some individual—to some private citizen. The
amendment of the Senator from Massachusetts,
which is to go abroad to England and to other
countries, with reference to this right of fishing,
says to them, that they may come here, and have
I a reciprocal right of fishing within a marine league
I of the shore, and that they shall have a right to
cure fish upon our land. Then there is an excep-
tion that they shall not do that, if it interferes with
private rights. Now, there is not within the limits
of the States, so far as I am aware, one single
point of water or land to which the amendment of
the honorable Senator will apply. Therefore I
think it is useless to adopt it.
Mr. PETTIT. I will ask the Senator from
Maryland, whether this provision may not permit
the subjects of Great Britain to fish in the bay of
Baltimore, and to haul up, cure, and dry their fish
upon the public lands of the United States, the
grounds occupied by fortifications?
Mr. PRATT. There are none there.
Mr. PETTIT. There is one just below the
city—Fort McHenry.
Mr. PRATT. The amendment, as it now
stands, excludes the waters of Maryland.
Mr. PETTIT. You are too far south for it—■
I beg your pardon. [Laughter.]
Mr. PRATT. I would ask the Senator from
Massachusetts to point out any spot of land or
water within the limits of the United States where
the proposition will apply ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Florida
to the amendment of the Senator from Massachu-
setts; which is to add to it the following:
Jlnd be. it further provided, That nothing in the foregoing
section shall be construed to authorize or allow any foreign
vessel whatever, or any subject or citizen of any foreign
Power, to fi-.li within the waters appurtenant to and within
the jurisdiction of any State contrary to the lawg of such
■Stale, or to authorize or allow the bringing into or the in-
troduction within such waters and jnrwlietion of any
States, any person or persons, composing the company ami
crew of such vessel, or others, contrar) to the laws ot'such
State.
Mr. DAVIS. I believe the Senator from Dela-
ware proposes an amendment to take the place of
j that.
Mr. BAYARD. I suggested that the Senator
from Maine hud prepared an amendment which
provided that the provision of the amendment pro-
posed by the Senator from Massachusetts should
! not extend below the fortieth degree of north lati-
i tude. Then, as it does not apply to my own
I State, I should be perfectly willing that the een-
] tlemen lying north of it, if they choose to vote for
such a provision, may pass it; but I never can
agree to vote for the proposition without such a
proviso,-unless the amendment of the Senator from
Florida should be adopted.
Mr. DAVIS. All I can say is, that if the
amendment proposed by the Senator from Florida
be adopted, the whole provision will be good for
nothing; but if the amendment be rejected by the
Senate, it can then, if it pleases, adopt the amend-
ment to which the Senator from Delaware refers.
Mr. MALLORY called for the yeas and nays
on his amendment; and they were ordered; and
being taken, resulted—yeas 27, nays ]8; as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Bayard, Borland, Bright, But-
ler, Dawson, De Saussure, Douglas, Downs, Fitzpatriek,
i Geyer, Gwin, Houston, Hunter, Jones of Fowa, Jones of
\ Tennessee, Mallory, Mangum, Mason, Morton, Norris,
j Pettit,Pratt, Rusk, Sebastian, Toucej, and Weller—-27.
NAYS—Messrs. Bell, Chasr, Clarke, Cooper, lJavi«,
Dodge of Towa, Fish, Foot, ilatnhn, Miller. Phelps, Sew-
ard, Shields, Smith, Spruance, Sumner, Underwood, and
Wade—18.
So the amendment to the amendment was agreed
' to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on the amendment as amended.
Mr. DAVIS. It is of very little consequence
now.
Mr. BORLAND. I wish now to offer the
amendment which the Senator from California
[Mr. Gwin] offered some time ago, but which he
withdrew for the accommodation of the Senator
from Florida. I move to amend the amendment
by adding:
Jln<? he it further enacted, That upon satisfactory evi-
dence being given to the President of the I'nifed States that
any of the Governments of the continents of North or J?outh
America has, by law, or other proper and effective public
act, agreed to admit the sltip-i or ^easels, produce or manu-
factures of the United Ptiite* free of duty or charge, the
, President be, and he i* hereby, authorized and directed to
i issue his proclamation thereof, and to give nonce that here-
after, and so long as such privilege be continued to s-uch ship
; or vessel, produce and manufactures, a like or reciprocal
' privilege shall be allowed and siven to the ship* «>r wj-spN,
produce and manufactures, of such State or States, a* to
the ports of the United States, any law to the contrary not-
withstanding; and such proclamation shall have the l<>rce
and effect of suspending such law soloujj as the saci pnvi-
i lege be extended to the ships or vessels, the produce or
