958
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
manufactures, of the United States by such State as afore-
said.
Mr. President, I consider that the same princi-
ple is embodied in that amendment which we find
in the amendment of the Senator from Massachu-
setts, as now amended on the motion of the Sen-
ator from Florida. I cannot for my life, so far as
principle is concerned, see the difference; and I
want to see that principle extended as far as pos-
sible. I confess that I am for free trade. 1 am
for reciprocity, not only in fishing, but in every-
thing else; and if we adopt the principle in one
portion of our legislation, we ought to adopt it in
all, in order to be consistent. For that reason I
hope the amendment to the amendment will be
adopted.
Mr. COOPER. I suppose it is hardly worth
while to say that this amendment cannot be passed
at this session. I am opposed to it; and if I sup-
posed that there was a moment's danger of its pas-
sage, 1 should give at length my views in relation
to it; but I presume there is no possibility of its
passage. Therefore I will not trouble the Sen-
ate.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President, I am myself
in favor of free trade; but I am not for free trade
in slices. I am for a graduated scale, which will
Ve the lowest amount that will give you sufficient
revenues with which to support the Government;
but, sir, the most odious and obnoxious kind of
protection that can be forced upon the Govern-
ment, is that which makes free trade upon one
article and protection upon another. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Arkansas proposes to
admit manufactured articles precisely upon the
same principle as it does the raw material. It pro-
poses to admit a ship built in the Provinces north
of us and the States south of us without paying
any duty whatever, while you make the man who
builds the ships at home to pay his thirty per
cent, duty upon iron, his thirty per cent, on cord-
age, his thirty per cent, duty on duck, and all the
variety of articles that enter into the construction
of ships. Sir, if that be free trade, I must go to
Arkansas, or some place still further West, to find
it out, or 1 must learn from others who are as
wise or wiser than my friend from California.
No, sir, it is not free trade; it is protection of the
most odious kind, because it says to our manu-
facturers who make our ships, or any article that
is manufactured here, whatever may be the com-
ponent parts that enter into that article, if they be
brought from a foreign country, and if they be of
the same character which we grow or produce,
upon which the importing merchant must pay his
duty, you compel him to pay those duties; while,
when they have been manufactured into articles
in a foreign country, they are to come in free of
duty.
The Senator from Arkansas says that this is
similar to the amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts. If it be so—if the Senator can
demonstrate that there is any affinity between the
two—I shall vote against the one, as 1 shall now
with the amendment which has now been placed
upon it; and I doubt not the Senate will vote it
down. But what was the amendment in its ori-
ginal shape? It proposed to apply to the hardy
fishermen who go upon the coasts of Newfound-
land and the other provinces of Great Britain, and
there draw from the deep their treasures, which,
when they are brought forward, are actually
wealth. They go there, and by their labor pro-
duce and bring to their home what are articles of
value. The British fishermen reciprocate upon
our const, and come and produce the same. The
fisherman is like the man who goes into aforestand
ells theoak, who clears itaway,and makes it bud
and blossom, and adds to it by the labor of his
own hands. If the amendment of the Senator
from Massachusetts be such a system as that
which the amendment of the Senator from Arkan-
sas proposes, I should most assuredly vote against
it, even if it had been retained in the form in which
it was reported by the Senator from Massachu-
setts. There is no connection, no similarity be-
tween the two propositions—none at all. While
we are going on with this system of free trade in
slices, and protection in slices, I would Buggest to
my friend from Arkansas, that he should add still
another amendment, which should invite propo-
sals for receiving vessels that are constructed in a
foreign country for our own Navy. He had bet-
ter go there and get them; and it is very possible
that we may, if they are not quite as good, get
them much cheaper.
Mr. JAMES. We shall get better than we
have now.
Mr. HAMLIN. The Senator from Rhode
Island says we shall get better vessels then than
we have now. How that may be 1 do not under-
take to say; but I think, if that course is to be
pursued.it would be only carrying out the princi-
ple which the amendment of the Senator from
Arkansas seems to adopt. Sir, I do not propose
to discuss this question for the purpose of delaying
the vote. I do not want to interpose any objec-
tion which shall take up the time of the Senate;
but when such an amendment is offered, I think
I am bound, in justice to the interests which I rep-
resent here, to state some of the objections which
I have to it. Certainly, if it is to be pressed upon
the serious consideration of the Senate, I will be
among the number who will talk and talk on.
Mr. BORLAND. Mr. President, the amend-
ment which I have proposed has produced pre-
cisely the effect which I expected. It has demon-
strated what I think ought to have been obvious
to the Senate. By the proposition of the Senator
from Massachusetts, legislation was proposed for
the benefit of one portion ofthis Union. I offer a
proposition which will extend it a little further
and embrace another portion of the Union; and
the very moment I do so, because it trenches some-
what upon the interests of the constituents of my
honorable friend from Maine, we have an explo-
sion, and we hear about the making of ships and
about manufactures. Sir, we do not make ships
| in my country. We do not want protection to
the making of ships there. The Senator wants
protection for the manufacture of ships in his
country, and he has got it. He has got a protec-
tion stronger and higher than any other branch
of American industry. He has an exclusive right,
and that is the very best protection. I know the
Senator does not want ships introduced from a
foreign country. It would interfere very materi-
ally with an important branch of industry in his
State. I know it, and I proposed the amendment
for the purpose of bringing that demonstration
before the Senate, and to show the character of
the proposition before it. Whether I shall vote
for the whole proposition, if my amendment be
adopted, is another question; but I wanted to bring
the question to the test, and show what was the
effect and character of that which preceded it.
Mr. TOUCEY. I do not suppose that there is
any serious design to adopt this amendment, be-
cause it is a virtual repeal of the whole tariff of
duties, and leaves the Government without any
revenue.
Mr. BORLAND called for the yeas and nays
on the amendment to the amendment; and they
were ordered.
Mr. BRADBURY. Mr. President, the prop-
osition embraced in the amendment of the Senator
from Arkansas is too important to be allowed to
come here without being noticed, although there
is no time for its full discussion. It is a proposi-
tion to admit into our ports, without restriction,
the ships and manufactures of the States and
Provinces of this continent, upon their admission
of ours; or in other words, to give our immense
market to their ships and goods, in exchange for
the limited, contracted market which they offer in
return. There is no equality in this offer. It
would enable the British Provinces, which have
an abundance of timber suited to the purpose, and
cheap materials at command, to build ships and
throw them into our market on such terms as to
be oppressive, if not ruinous, to our ship-building
interests. We should not stand on equal ground.
Our ship timber is brought from a distance. It is
collected from Maine to Georgia. Many hun-
dreds of our mechanics are employed every win-
ter in Maryland, Virginia, North Carolina, and
Georgia, in cutting and preparing timber, which
is transported to our ship-yards in Maine and
other northern States, and there manufactured into
ships. Heavy duties, too, are imposed upon the
iron, the bolts, the cordage, the sails, and other
articles which our ship-builders may wish to im-
port, from which duties their rivals would be re-
lieved. These duties alone amount to about $.3,000
upon the materials for a single ship of seven hun-
dred tons burden.
The time at which it is proposed to strike this
blow at our navigation is peouliarly unfortunate.
We are in the midst of the struggle with our great
commercial rival for the commerce of the world.
She has distanced every other competitor. Ven-
j ice, Portugal, Holland, are no longer in the field.
' She is now making herculean efforts to overpower
the new competitor that has entered the contest on
this side of the Atlantic. Thus far we have held
our way, and more than held it; and it is not from
an American statesman, or an Jlmerican Senate,
that a blow should come to cripple our mercantile
marine, while engaged in this great struggle.
I have heard the declaration from several Sena-
tors that they are in favor of free trade, and some
who opposed the proposition before the Senate,
on the ground that it is partial in its character,
have taken the occasion to declare themselves for
" free trade " whenever it can become general. If
by free trade they mean the entire abolition of
duties on imports, and the support of the Govern-
ment by direct taxation, I must say, in all frank-
ness, I am not in favor of that policy. In my
judgment, it would be inexpedient and unwise, if
not impracticable. That taxation which is least
felt, is least irritating. Revenue raised by duties
upon imports is more cheerfully paid, and is felt
to be less harassing and oppressive than it could
be made when collected by the tax-gatherer under
any system of direct taxation.
Nor should we overlook, in the decision of a
question like this, the benefits that fairly accrue
to many branches of domestic industry from the
incidental protection which they receive from a
tariff upon imports necessary for the purposes of
a revenue to support the Government. I believe
that our true policy is to administer the Govern-
ment upon principles of the most rigid economy;
and to raise the means essential for this purpose
by a tariff, so adjusted as to afford incidental pro-
tection to manufactures essential to national in-
dependence, and those in which our country is
capacilMed to succeed when fairly established,
making also a proper discrimination in favor of
the necessaries for the masses as compared with
the luxuries which wealth may demand. This, it
appears to me, is a far betterpolicy than any which
will be likely to result from absolute free trade. It
is the proper mean between ultra protection on the
one hand and direct taxation on the other. It is
the free trade which the country wants, leaving
commerce unfettered and free from any unneces-
sary or oppressive burdens, as it is left by the ju-
dicious tariff of 1846.
Mr. BORLAND. With the permission of the
Senate, I will withdraw my amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. As the yeas
and nays have been ordered, the amendment can-
not be withdrawn without leave of the Senate.
; Leave was granted; and the amendment to the
] amendment was withdrawn.
The original amendment of Mr. Davis, as
amended, was then rejected.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I have been waiting
very patiently to ofler two amendments from stand;
ing committees of this body—one from the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations, and the other from
the Committee on Territories. The first one
which I am directed to offer is from the Commit-
tee on Foreign Relations, to add the following as
an additional section:
Sec. —. Jlnd be it further enacted, That in settling the
accounts of Daniel S. McCaullay, late consul general at
Alexandria, in Egypt, there shall be allowed for office rent,
at the rate of $401) per annum, during the time he acted in
that capacity, to be paid to his widow.
Mr. HUNTER. Is not that a private claim ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It directs the
mode of settling the accounts of a late officer of
the Government, and is not, in the opinion of the
| Chair, a private claim.
i Mr. DAWSON. 1 wish to ask whether it is
usual to pay for the office rent of our consuls
abroad. If it is not, this is of course a private
claim.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. The consul general
! stationed at Alexandria, in Egypt, possesses all
the diplomatic functions of a minister. The proof
before the committee was, that the s^Jary allowed
him was altogether insufficient, and that his ex-
penses left him in debt. This is but a pittance of
$400 a year for office rent; when the Governments
of Engiand and of France allowed thousands, and
when our Government allowed nothing for office
rent. That is the circumstance under which the
claim presents itself.
