THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
33d Conorkss, 1st Session.
TUESDAY, MARCH 1, 1853.
New Series No 61.
Why was $5,000,000 fixed as the sum to be i
retained? It was upon a statement made—which !
statement I hav« seeu—in which this specific por-
tion of the Texas debts was said not to amount
to more than $4,500,000. That being supposed
to be the fact, $5,000,000 were retained in the
Treasury, not oufy for the purpose of paying these
claims against the State of Texas,but for releasing
the United States from all this hypothetical obliga-
tion which she was assumed to be under to pay
those claims. Now, what is the proposition of
the honorable Senator from Virginia? It is to pay
to the claimants the amount that has been allowed
to them by the State of Texas. What is that?
Certain individuals have gone to Texas, presented
their claims and had allowed,as the Senator from
Maryland says, eighty-seven and a half cents on
the dollar, and I think some more. Others have
been sojiled down to twenty cents on the dollar;
the rates varying from eighty-seven and a half to
twenty cents. According to this amendment of
the Senator from Virginia, the Treasury of the
United States is to pay those claims according to
the scalage of the State of Texas.
There are, I understand, $8,333,000 of these
claims. You have $5,000,000 to pay them with.
Those creditors who have their scalage at the
highest rate,-will come into the Treasury of the '
United States, and take their issue of stock; but
thee who were scaled at twentyor thirty cents
on the dollar, will not come in. They are unwill-
ing to take that amount. Therefore the result of
the amendment of the Senator from Virginia will
be, that those who have had their claims scaled at
sixty, seventy, or eighty cents on the dollar, will
come in and take the $5,000,000, and leave noth-
ing for those whose claims were scaled at thirty,
twenty-five, or twenty cents. If the fund should
be exhausted in this way, there will be $3,333,000
of claims unprovided for.
Mr. HOUSTON. The $8,000,000 is the sum
requisite to pay all the demands, according to their
face, before the scalage took place; but as they are
now scaled, it is impossible for the amount, as it
is scaled, to exhaust the fund. The intention of
the amendment of the Senator from Virginia is
merely that those who are willing to take their
bonds at the scaled rates, shall have permission
to do so, and not be prevented from realizing their
rights by the contumacy of a few seditious would-
be creditors.
Mr. CLARKE. I understand that,and I think
I have staled it sufficiently. The proposition made
by the honorable Senator from Maryland, is to
issue $8,333,000 of stock. According to that, you
can pay every man the face of his obligation. But
if you take the proposition of the honorable
Senator from Virginia, to issue the $5,000,000 of
stock from the Treasury, according to the dispo-
sition of the creditors to come in and take, you
have $5,000,000 with which to pay £8,333,000 of
daims. How are you going to pay it? To each
individual, A, B, C, or D, precisely as he chooses
to come in and take it? Who will come in ? A
and B? Gentlemen within my eye will come in,
who have got their scalage at eighty-seven and a
half cents on the dollar. Perhaps the amount of
the debt, as scaled by Texas, will be $G,000,000
or $6,500,000. Under the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Virginia, they will have absorbed your
■whole |5,000,000, ana you will have no more
money. What then becomes of the rest of the
claims ?
Mr. RUSK, ff the Senator will look over the
report of the Auditor and Comptroller, he will find
that the fund cannot be exhausted according to the
scaled routes, but a large amount will be left.
Mr.CLARKE. I allow that to be true; and if so,
the scalage is lower than I thought it was. The
Senator from Texas says that his State has so
scaled the debt that the five millions cannot be ex-
hausted. What then becomes of the obligation
of the United States upon which this grant or this
compensation to Texas for her surrender of claim
to certain territory was predicated?
That compensation was made upon the ground
that the United States were bound to pay these
61
debts or obligations of Texas for which her rev-
enues, from customs were hypothecated, and for
which the Government of the United States, in
consequence of the annexation, was bound in
honor and in equity to be responsible. Now sup-
pose, Mr. President, that you are a creditor, and
are allowed twenty per cent, upon your obliga-
tions; 1 ask you what becomes of the obligation
of the United States ? Is it not the duty of the
United States as much to pay you, as to pay the
man whose debts were scaled at eighty-seven and
a half cents ? Sir, if because the revenues of Texas
were pledged for those debts, the Government of
the United States, in consequence of the resolu-
tions ol annexation, was bound to pay them, it is
bound to pay every one to the letter and full face
of the obligation. That is the ground that I take.
Mr. MILLER. With the consent of the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island, I move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
I hope not.
Let us have a vote.
We cannot vote for some
I call for the yeas and nays
Mr. HUNTER.
Mr. BUTLER.
Mr. MILLER.
time.
Mr. HUNTER.
.upon the motion.
Mr. MILLER. I withdraw it.
Mr. ATCHISON. I renew it.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I beg to make an ap-
peal to the Senator from Virginia to withdraw this
controverted amendment. Let us get through
with other less important amendments, and have
a vote if he pleases in the morning with a full
Senate on this. It is an important question, in-
volving seven or eight millions of dollars, and I
think we ought to have it voted upon in a full
Senate. Let us get through with the ordinary
business, and then we can have a vote upon the
merits of the proposition.
Mr. MASON. As far as courtesy is concerned,
I would be very glad if I could yield to the propo-
sition of the Senator from Iowa.
Mr. DODGE. I am sure of that.
Mr. MASON. But every one knows that we
have now the whole night before us, and if it is
the pleasure of Senators to sit here and debate the
question, I will sit with them with a great deal of
pleasure; but if I withdraw the amendment now,
and offer it to-morrow, every one will say, and
say justly, the bill will be destroyed; the rest of
the day will be consumed, and there will be no
chance of getting a vote. Sir, 1 will not take up
the time of the Senate. I am willing to vote upon
the proportion of the Senator from Maryland at
once, without debate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion to adjourn.
Mr. BORLAND called for the yeas and nays
on the motion; and they were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 20, nays 28; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atehison, Bell, Bright, Chase, Clarke,
Davis, Dawson, Downs, Finh, Pitzpatrick, Jones of Ten-
nessee, Mallory, Miller, \orris, Pettit, Pbelps, Pratt, Sew-
ard, Sumner, and Underwood—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Badger, Borland, Bradbury, Brodhead,
Butler, Cam, De Saussure, Dodge of Iowa, Pelch, Foot,
Gejrer, Gwin, Hale, Hamlin, Houston, Hunter, Jones of
Iowa, Mason, Morton, Pearce, Rusk, Sebastian, Shields,
Smith, Spraance, Toucey, Walker, and Weller—28.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. CLARKE. I am very much indebted to
the Senate for not adjourning. It proves to me
two things. In the first place that the Senate
like to hear me speak, and in the next place that
the Senate, upon the considerations that are in-
volved in these amendments, feel that they are
bound to sit here and adjudicate, not only upon
the particular matter presented to them, but upon
those great principles of equity which belong to
the considerations between creditor and debtor.
Mr. President, I was about saying that the prop-
osition of the honorable Senator from Virginia was
to allow the five millions of dollars in the Treasury
of the United States to be issued to those who shall
come in, present their claims, and execute their
releases, according to the scalage made by the
State of Texas. It is irresistible to my mind that
those who come in would be those who received
the largest amount of the scalage, and those who
stood out would be the persons whose obligations
were scaled at low rates. I did suppose that the
whole amount would be absorbed oy the higher
rates of scalage, but the honorable Senator from
Texas says not, but that there is enough for the
whole, according to the scalage adopted by Texas.
So be it. The proposition, then, is to deliver to the
State of Texas five millions of dollars, to let her dis-
pose of it as she pleases. Now, 1 feel bound as one
having participated in this transaction when it too
place in this Chamber, to say that I feel the re-
sponsibility upon me as a trustee for the creditors,
as well as a trustee for the State of Texas. These
five millions were reserved to be held by the Uni-
ted States until the State of Texas should present
and file in the Department of theTreasury releases
from those creditors who claimed that the United
States were bound in equity and honor, to protect
their debts against the State of Texas. Now, sir,
these creditors are absolutely placed in the position
that there are five millions of dollars in the Treas-
ury of the United States which cannot be taken
therefrom, without the consent perhaps of the
State of Texas. This amount or money is shut
up from their possession, because it cannot be de-
livered according to the provisions of the act.
I was about saying, when I was interrupted,
that the estimated amount of the debts for which
1 the United States were inculpated, according to
j the doctrine held by the creditors of Texas, though
j I never believed it myself, amounted finally to
: $8,330,000. The amount at the time the boundary
act was passed, was supposed not to exceed
: #4,500,000, or $5,000,000. That amount was then
supposed to be sufficient to cover the whole debt,
: and representations to that effect were made here
in this city. I appeal to the honorable Senator
, j from Maryland, who knows more of the specific
I details" of the matter than I do, to say whether
; $4,500,000 was not a sum then supposed to be
jj ample to cover all the claims for which the United
States were supposed to be responsible under this
: hypothecation of the duties of the State of Texas ?,
It has been ascertained that there are $8,330,000
of those claims, and there are $5,000,000 in the
Treasury with whieh to pay them.
1 I am opposed to the amendment of the Senator
from Virginia, allowing those who have got the
highest rate of scalage to come in and take out
of the Treasury this money which is held there
in trust for all the creditors, and so far as we know,
they are all alike. I am also opposed to the prop-
osition of my honorable friend from Maryland,
to grant to these creditors an isstte of $8,330,000
of three per cent, bonds instead of |5,000,000 of
five per cent, bonds, which were to be issued under
the act of 1850. How is that? Why, sir, we
are told—and it is a most specious argument on
the face of it—that the interest on $8,333,000, at
three per cent, is no more than the interest upon
$5,000,000 at five per cent. That is all very true;
and if you intended never to pay the principal it
would be precisely the same thing; the interest in
either case would be $250,000 a year, and there
would be no difference. If the United States never
intend to pay the principal, it would make no dif-
ference to them whether they paid $250,000 inter-
est upon bonds to the amount of $8,333,000, or
upon bonds to the amount of $5,000,000, and each
individual creditor would get precisely his propor-
tion. But that is not the fact. At the expiration
of a certain time you have got to pay the princi-
pal. You have to pay the interest year after year,
and at the end of the time you stipulate, you nave
to pay the principal; and when you come to pay
that, instead of paying $5,000,000, you have to
pay jS8,333,000. So that, in fact, instead of giving
the State of Texas, under the compromise act, or
rather the act which was passed after the compro-
mise bill was defeated, instead of $10,000,000, you
pay to the State of Texas $13,333,000. Was
that the intention of the act? Is that equitable?
is it right? Now, sir, there is an equity in this
thing, and I yield the floor to my honorable friend
from Indiana, to propose an amendment which I
