1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
963
Indiana, amounts to this: Five million and a half,
or little mure than that, remain in the Treasury of
the United States, as a trust fund for the benefit
of the creditors of Texas, or that specific class of
creditors for whose claim the revenues front cus-
toms were hypothecated. Those claims on their
face amount to f.8,333,000: and there are about
$,i,500,000 to pay them. Let the creditors come
m and take pro rata according to the face of their
obligation. Let them ail come in and fare alike.
Let the creditors come in and take their sixty-five
orsixtv-six per cent., and release the Treasury of
the United States. My idea, however, is, that the
Government of the United States ought not to
issue its bonds. You have now got m theTreas-
urv fifteen or sixteen millions of dollars, and in-
stead of issuing these bonds payable in twenty
years at three per cent., according to the propo-
sition of the Senator from Maryland, you ought
to pay the money directly to each creditor of
the State of Texas who holds these obhgatious.
Let them come in and release the Treasury, and
let the Treasurer pay them their pro rata amount.
That is my idea, and that is what I should pro-
pose. I think it infinitely better even than the
proposition of the honorable Senator from Mary-
land, to issue the §8,333,000 of stock; and I think
of all things the proposition of the Senator from
Virginia, to allow those to come in first whose
scalage is highest, is most unjust to those who
hold obligations which were scaled low. I will
take up no further time of the Senate now.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I wish to make a few
remarks, and I will not detain the Senate long. I
was originally opposed to paying any portion of
the debt of Texas. I thought the United States
were not liable forit; and 1 therefore voted against
the appropriation of §10,000,000. The thing,
however, has been done. We have agreed to pay
£5,000,000 upon a certain contingency, which con-
tingency has not yet happened. The question is,
under tiie past legislation of Congress, what ought
we to do ? Without going into the reasoning at
length, I will tell you what I am for doing. I am
for voting for the proposition of the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Bright.] I am willing to vote
to distribute the $5,000,000 which we have agreed
to pay, although against my judgment, but not
another cent except the interest on it, which the
original act may convey. How ought that to be
done? Shall it be done by the scaling process
which Texas has adopted, oris it to be done upon
the basis of a liability which we have incurred,
and which we have acknowledged by the bound-
ary act, as it seems, against the judgment of a
good many of us ? It is said that by that act this
Government has acknowledged its liability to pay
•such debts of Texas as her revenue received from
imposts had been pledged to discharge. It seems,
from subsequent information which we have de-
rived, that these debts amount now to about
f3,500,000. Therefore, the §5,000,000 which we
ave appropriated for that purpose, would leave
about $3,500,000 unpaid. Now, if the proposition
be good that we were originally bound to pay the
$5,000,000 proposed, it may be said that we are
bound to pay the additional $3,500,000. That
may be a question for those who voted for the
§5,000,000; but it is not a question for me, who
believes that we were never responsible for a cent.
I am not willing, therefore, to enlarge the respon-
sibility of the Government, leaving it to those who
voted the $5,000,000, to vote $3J|0,000, if they
can do it. But as it is a part oWhe law of the
land upon the statute-book, that we are to appro-
priate $5,000,000,1 am willing to do that.
Mr. RUSK. I deny it.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Does the gentleman deny
that there is any statute law for that?
Mr. RUSK. I do. And 1 say that the reverse
is the fact; and that if the Senator will read the
law he will see it.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I have not read the act
more than once or twice since it was passed; but
according to my recollection—and in that the gen-
tleman can correct me if I am wrong—it makes
this provision: that upon the filing of these debts
or bonds or claims, for which her revenues from
her customs were pledged, with a, release in the
Treasury of the United States, we should issue
to Texas the stock for the $5,000,000. Now, sir,
all these persons have never filed their claims and
made their releases. Then, as I have already
stated, the contingency upon which the $5,000,000
of stock were to be issued has never happened.
It may be said, and no doubt will be said, by the
gentleman from Texas, that the stipulation to
issue the stock in behalf of Texas was to enable
her to pay the debt; that it was to enable her to
issue stock upon the contingency happening.
That argument is very strong, based upon the
statute. And perhaps, if we were to pay the debt
directly, Texas might hereafter turn round and
say to the Government of the United States,
" You have not fulfilled your stipulations accord-
ing to the act of Congress. You have not given
to us the $5,000,000 of stock which you promised
to give ; but you have undertaken to distribute it
yourselves." What answer is to be given to
Texas, in case she should assume that position ?
It is this: We agreed to give you the $5,000,000
of stock upon the idea that we were responsible
to pay those debts for which your customs had
been pledged. Whether we were mistaken or
not, it was the basis upon which that act was
passed. We agreed to give you that amount
upon the idea that we were to be released from
those debts; but your subsequent legislation by
scaling the debts, and providing only for a part of
them, has left those creditors who were scaled at
a low rate to come in and demand the fund of us.
These creditors may say to us, Your legislation
was based upon the idea that the whole amount of
these claims was to be paid to us. Texas has
only paid part, and you are bound to pay the res-
idue. In that point of view, if Texas were to get
j the whole $5,000,000, and, by a scaling process,
pay with $'2,500,000 debts amounting on their face
to $8,500,000, it would leave creditors to the
amount of $6,000,000 in the attitude of coming to
the Congress of the United States and asking us
to pay the'$6,000,000, on the ground that we had
acknowledged our liability from the beginning.
Sir, we have got into these difficulties by im-
provident legislation. I shall not go into that;
but I ask you to look at the statement which 1
1 have made, and to say what is to become of the
six millions, if Texas pays upon the scaling pro-
cess only two and a half millions. You will
never hear the last of it until you have paid the
whole amount of the claims. I am not willing to
bring about that state of things.
A few words now in regard to the proposition
of the gentleman from Virginia. I think that
proposition is very unjust and very improper. I
think it ought to be superseded, in the first place,
by the amendment of the gentleman from Mary-
land, [Mr. Pearce,] and then by the amendment
of the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Bright.]
i Let us examine the amendment of the Senator
from Virginia, and see what it provides. It pro-
1 vides " that it shall be lawful for the Secretary of
' the Treasury, at any time after the first day of
' July next, to issue to the State of Texas such
I ' portion of the stock mentioned in the first pro-
! ' viso," and so on, giving a description of the act,
" as shall be equivalent in amount to release
' the claims of the creditors of Texas against the
' United States, which shall be then filed at the
i ' Treasury."
1 Now, I want to put this case: Suppose that,
by the first of July, five millions of these debts
should be filed in the Treasury—then, according
to the proposition as it reads, you have to issue
the whole five millions of stock, as I understand
I it. If that be done, what is to become of the
[ three and a half millions which may afterwards
I be presented at the Treasury ? They go unpaid
entirely. If Texas shall use the whole five millions
in paying the five millions filed, what is to be-
' come of the balance of the creditors? Is that
right? It seems to me to be entirely wrong. But,
sir, there is a class of cases not provided for at
all, and it is a class which embraces a petition,
which I presented to Congress at an early day
from one of my constituents.
i Mr. BUTLER. Leslie Coombs, I suppose,
i Mr. UNDERWOOD. Yes, sir, that case is
[ not embraced by the amendment of the Senator
from Virginia, though it is embraced by the
' amendments of the Senators from Maryland and
Indiana. I understand that by the legislation of
Texas, all the claims not presented at a particular
time to be scaled were barred by a limitation
which she prescribed. The case of Coombs, to
which I allude, falls within the provision of that
statute, and is barred, because he had, if I am not
mistaken, before the legislation of Texas filed his
claims here to comply with your law before the
act of limitation of Texas went into operation. If
the whole jjo,000,000 shall now be issued to Texas,
and the stock be placed in her hands, no provision
will be made by which the claims filed here in
pursuance of your act, and which have not been
returned to Texas, can be satisfied. It seems to
me that that will be a process entirely unjust, and
I cannot vote for any legislation upon the subject
which will fall unjustly upon the head of any of
my constituents.
Sir, I do not intend to go into any consideration
of remarks which were made to which I know
that Mr. Coombs took exception; but as it ap-
pears from a letter which has already been pub-
lished, exception has been taken to certain re-
marks, I will say something in reference to that
point. He and other creditors contend that they
were not those speculators mentioned by my friend
from Texas [Mr. Houston] in his speech the
other day, who bought up the claims of Texas at
such a great sacrifice as he represented. How
that matter stands, of course I have no knowl-
edge. It is enough to know that there are differ-
ences of opinion on the subject. Some of these
creditors insist that they were not speculators in
the bonds and funds of Texas, but that they in-
vested their money, relying upon the authorities
of Texas, which were regarded as sufficient guar-
antees at the time, that they should be paid the
whole amount. If that be the case, and the Uni-
ted States have pessed a law providing for the
payment of $5,000,000 to discharge these debts, it
seems to me it was so far an acknowledgment of
the justice of those claims that we ought to hold
on to the $5,000,000 until all these liabilities can
be properly disposed of. I have other constituents
besides Mr. Coombs who have written to me upon
this subject, about their claims against Texas, and
they are all in the same condition of insisting upon
the payment of every dollar for which they hold
the bonds of Texas. Mr. Norton I can name as
a gentleman in that situation. Now, although I
have no personal knowledge of the particular man-
ner in which Mr. Coombs, Mr. Norton, and others
obtained their claims against Texas, yet, when
they assert they were not speculators who bought
in the market for a trifle, but really and substan-
tially advanced their means, I feel it my duty to
endeavor to take care of their interests in common
with the interests of the other creditors. I am,
therefore, wholly unwilling to allow claims to the
extent of $5,000,000 to be" filed in the Treasury,
and then to issue the whole $5,000,000 to the State
of Texas, as is proposed by the amendment of the
gentleman from Virginia, for that leaves the other
$3,500,000 altogether unprovided for. What is to
be done with them when they shall come, no orie
; can tell, unless you intend to pay the whole ac-
j cording to the amendment of the gentleman from
! Maryland, a proposition to which I am opposed.
] I shall, therefore, go for the amendment of the
gentleman from Indiana, proposing to distribute
the $5,000,000 among the creditors.
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. President, I am very re-
luctant at this time to press myself upon the atten-
tion of the Senate. My friend the Senator from
Kentucky [Mr. Underwood] alluded to the speech
which I made, and also, a letter which has been
published in reply to some remarks which I then
used in debate. 1 am always responsible for any-
thing; I say here or elsewhere, and I am very glad
that the honorable Senator has suggested it, for
it may supersede the necessity of my catechising
the gentleman who wrote that letter, in the news-
| papers or in private correspondence.
j The gentleman to whom allusion has been made,
I says that he is not one of the speculators. Then
I do not know how to characterize a speculator.
If what I have heard were admissible and proper,
I would give it as hearsay; but I will come down
to facts, which are applicable to the transactions
of that gentleman in Texas. He said in his letter
that he had gone there, and had held a conversa-
tion with me; that I had entertained him about
| the prospects of the country, and that my repre-
! sentations had caused his investments in Texas.
I Now, sir, it is very remarkable how he should
| have come to any such conclusion, for I have
never yet speculated to the amount of one dollar
! in Texas, though I saw when I could have done
> it to the amount of millions. That gentleman,
I according to his own statement, being impressed
J favorably from the glowing description which he
