18£&
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
knows aa well as I do, that that revolution pare
ua the legal right to enforce all of the qMgsttona
of this treaty against the United States, especially
when the United States claimed the benefit of its
provisions, as against Texas, aa they afterwards
did, as their negotiations show. Nobody, 1 take
it, can dispute that the United States were bound
by the obligations of the treaty if they claimed
its benefits. When Texas was a part of Mexico,
they were bound by its obligations towards Texas,
as well as towards every other part of Mexico.
When Texas took up arms, she had an over-
whelming force to contend with, and in the dark-
eat hour of her troubles, when she could not mas-
ter over a thousand efficient men, many of those
men, to my certain knowledge, labored under
more apprehensions for the safety of their fam-
ilies from United States Indians than they did
for themselves under the certainty that they had
to meet five times their number of the enemy in
the ield. These Indians were there, as I have
aatd, in violation of the treaty. It was known to
the officers of the United States that they were
embodied under an agreement with Mexico to ex-
terminate the Texans, and that they were to hive
the lands ofTexas from Mexico if they succeeded.
Our wires and children were exposed to their mer-
ciless warfare. They had to abandon the eoan-
try. We coald not abandon our poets before an
invading enemy coming on our western borders.
Our women and children could not fight die In-
dians of the United States whom you were bound
to prevent from intruding upon oftr soil, but wh6
were there under a promise froth the Mexican
Government that they should have the Texan
lands if they exterminated as. The result was,
robbery and devastation of the whole country.
Oar woman and children lied, and everything they
left behind them was taken by these Indians, ana
we were left nearly beggars at the close of the
campaign of 1836.
After the close of that campaign our debt did
not much exceed a million of dollars. A law was
passed by Texas to issue promissory notes, and
When they were first issued they went at seventy,
eighty, and ninety cents on the dollar. We had
a domain larger than France. We, had nearly
two hundred millions of acres of the finest public
land upon the North American continent from
which we had driven every hostile Mexican
foot; and upon the faith of this public domain
we issued our promissory notes. If it had not
been for the Indiana of the United States, who
tendered our public domain perfectly useless, we
could have raised a fund sufficient to have met the
issues of those promissory notes. But they not
only prevented as from using the domain for
the purpose of meeting our debts, but they began
a war upon oar whale border under an agreement
whit Mexico, Which was knoWn to the officers of
this Government^ often and often repefcted to thfetb^-
These Indians began a war under the stipulation
with Mexico that they were to exterminate us and
take our lands. These facta I could make abund-
antly manifest, if I had time to refer in detail to
the treaties and public documents bearing upon
this subject; but time so presses that I can refer to
but few of them, and I shall begin with a treaty
made by this Government with the Caddo Indians,
on the day of , 183—, which, in its
terms, is a flagrant violation of the treaty between
the United States and Mexico, the thirtv-third ar-
ticle of which 1 have already read to the Senate;
among other thing* this treaty with the Caddoes
provides:
" A*t. II. TKS said chief*, headmen, and warriors of the
Mod nation, do vmintarfhrrefioqiitsli their possession to the
territory of land aforesaid, and promts* to remove at their
own expense out of the boundaries of the United States,
and tbe territories belonging amJappertainiog thereto with-
in the period of one year, from and aftet Lite signing of this
treaty, and never more return to live, settle, or establish
themselves as a nation, tribe, or community of people within
tbe same.
" Aet. Itt. In consideration ofthe aforesaid cession, re-
linquishment, and removal, it ia agreed that the said United
States etiatt pay to the said nation or Caddo Indian* the sums
ia foods, kww, and money hereinafter mentioned, to
wit:
" Thirty thousand dollars, to be paid in goods and horse*,
as agreed upon to be delivered on We signing of this treaty.
"Ten thousand dollars in money, to be paid within one
year from the 1st day of September next.
" Ten thousand dollars per annum in money for (MMr
years next following, so aa to make the whole sum paQuaMl
payable, £80,00©.
Aet. IV. It is farther agreed that the said Caddo nation
of Indians shall have authority to appoint an agent or atlbr-
aay in Ant, resident within the United States, for the pur-
pose of receiving for them from the said United States, all
of the annuities stated in this treaty as the same shall be-
come due, to be paid to their said agent or attorney in fact,
at such place or places within the said United States as shall
be agreed «n between him and tbe proper officer of the Gov-
ernment of the United States.
" Art. V. This treaty, after the same shall have been
mtified and confirmed by the President and Senate of the
United States, shall be binding on tbe contracting par-
ties."
This treaty caused bloodshed and serious in-
jury to Texas. The Caddoes immediately went to
Texas, and engaged in war upon us, and stirred Up
other tribes to Hostilities. They received their an-
nuities in arms and ammunition, which.were used
against as. Against this treatment Texas contin-
ually protested. I have only time to rtad it few
extracts from this correspondence, which began
before our revolution and continued up to the day
of our annexation:
[Translation.]
Mexican Legation, )
Philadelphia, October 14, 1835.)
Tbe undersigned, charge d'affaires of (he United Mexi-
can Slates, has the honor to acknowledge the receipt of a
note from Mr. Djckins, dated the 12th instant, with the
copy inclosed, and the official letter from the Political Chief
of the department of Nacogdoches; for the traowii«aion
of which documents be expresses his thanks to Mr. Ilick-
ins.
The said Political Chief, ia his letter, communicates that
the tribe of Creeks, from Alabama, is now emigrating and
establishing itself in lands belonging to Mexico, without I
any license or authority to that effect; be therefore requests
me to. stale the fact ID tbe Executive of the United States
qf Aiaatica, in order that measures may be taken to restrain
that tnbe within its proper limits. As the representation
m*de by the Political Chief of the department of Nacog-
doches is founded on. the thirty-third article ofthe existing
treaty of friendship between the two Republics, the under-
signed hopes that Mr. Dickins will submit the import of
this note to the President of the United States, and that his :
Excellency will cause tbe requisite Executive measures to !
be taken, if the facta should be as stated by (he Political |
Chief, in order to repress any incursions into the Mexican I
territory on the part of the Indians who inhabit that ofthe
United.Statea,.. .
The undersigned avails himself of this opportunity to rer
new to Mr. Diekins the assurances of bis distinguished
consideration.
J. M. DE CASTILLO Y LANZAS.
A. Dickins, Esq.
Texan Lkoatio*, )
WashikotoN, March 14,1837. $
Sia: By yesterday's express mail we received dispatches
from our Government, informing us of various robberies
and murders committed within a few weeks since, within
tfte limits of the Republic of Te*a|s, by the Caddoes and
other Indians inhabiting the territory of the Uu.ited States.
Our Government is in possession of information clearly
provfnr thSt the Indians are excited to these arts of bostilr
ity by Mexican gold, and emboldened by the withdrawal of
the United States troops from the west bank of the Sabine;
and therefore instructs us 19, urge upon this Government
tbe great importance ofimihediaYi>ry reoccupyinj,Nacogdo-
ches, or some other point within the limits of Texas, in the
neighborhood of these multiplied depredations. We would
urge this matter more at length on your attenliori,bnt for
tfleftfclief that the necessity of the course above suggested
m tbn bbviortsto require argument
Within ttfetSst two fidt&ik We have receive*} IVoim out
OhVeftHnent stevterirt dh$>4tch'eil, ati giving Hetki I e<l accounts
of different Indian aSpgresSlons. We truS that. Ults Govern-
ment will feel itself bound, alike by humanity nml by its
treaty obligations, to prevent a recurrence of similar acts
of rapine and bloodshed, by the only effectual means in its
power, which is the reoccupation of Nacogdoches, or some
other point west of the Sabine.
With high consideration, &c., &c.,
W. H. WHARTON,
M. HUNt.
Hon. Jons FoRBTTB, Secretorj of State.
Mr. Fortylh to Mezrr*. Wharton arut TTunt.
Departmentof State, )
Washington, Starch 21, lUSJ. j
The undersigned, Secretary of State of the t'mteii States,
has the honor to acquaint ^Messrs. Wharton and Hunt that
be received and laid before the President their note of the
14th instant, communicating intelligence of recent robber-
ies and murders.by Indians within the limits i)f,Texas, aad
suggesting the propriety of a reoccupation of Nacogdoches,
or some otber point west of the Sabine, by troops of the
United States, with a view, to preventa recurrence of siair
ilar outrages. The Presidentsubmiueil the Jetfer.af.Mpssrs.
Wharton and Hunt to the Secretary, of Wurr who, in his
report on the subject, states, that after an attentive exam-
ination of the positions now occupied by the forces of the
United States, U appeared to him that they were better cal-
culated to effect the object of keeping the Indians in check
than if the troops were concentrated;at Nacogdoches, but
that General ArbHekfe would be directed to move some of
hisfhrcfi to a position within the undisputed boupdfwy of.
the United States, nearer the place where the aggressions
<;omplAined of are represented to have been committed,
apt) to us? increased vigilance, in observing any hostile
movements of the Indians,in that quarter.
The undersigned embraces this opportunity to reheW to
Messt*. Wharton and H unt the assurance df his iHsiin-
guished consideration, . JOHN FORSYTH,
Meatir«. WhaMok and Hont,4'£-, $c.,S(c.
Mr. Hunt to Mr. Forsyth.
[Extract.]
Texan Leoatiqn, )
Washington, July 18,1(£)7. !
I have also the honor to inform you that certain Indians
from the United States are still committing their depreda-
tions upon Uie citizens of our eastern frontier, and again I
would urge the terms of the existing treaties relative to the
control ofthe Indian tribes in that quarter.
****** *
I have the honor to renew, sir, the expressions of my
high consideration and regard.
„ . MEMUCAN HUNT.
Hon. John Forsyth, Secretary of State.
Mr. Fortyth to Mr, Hunt.
Depabtkknt op State, k
Washington, July 24,1837. 5
8nt: I have the honor to inform you that that part of your
note ofthe 18th instant which complains of depredations
on the eastern ftontler of Texas by Indians from the United
States, and of a trading establishment on Red river, alleged
to be in the practice of abetting lhem,has been referred to
the Secretary of War, to whose Department the subject be-
longs. More specific information, however, will probably
be deemed necessary to enable the officers of the United
States to direct their operations with efficiency, for the pur-
pose of restraining the Indians and their abettors.
I have the honor to renew to you the assurances of my
distinguished consideration.
JOHN FORSYTH.
Hon. Memooan Hont, ifc., tfc., $c.
I might multiply these extracts, but it would
b&much to the same points. In 1838, an exten-
sive plan adopted by the Mexican Govern-
ment to enlist.al) the border Indians of the United
States in a war upon Texas was discovered, and
brought to the notice of this Government by some
of its own officers, as well as by the representative
of Texas. I will,only trouble the Senate by read-
ing one of these papers, which will speqk for it-
eeif. 'It ia the journal of a Mexican officer sent
to excite the Indians to war upon Texas.
Private instrHcti*^ farihe cvptain.t <\f friendly Jndiam af
Texas, by hit Excellency the Gtmeral in Chief Vicente
Filisola. , .1 - ^
As soon as yot| arrive ypUWillinvitBthw lo a meeting,
and propose to them that they and their friends should take
i|p arm? in defense of the integrity ofthe Mexican, territory
in Texas; this meeting being only composed of the princi-
pal chiefs who govern them. Atterwards you will,invite
aigbt or-ten of each of the tribe* to * moke ike .pipe, and, in
Uie name of the Supreme Government of Mexico, distribute
among, them powder, lead, and tpbaceo, in the usual man.
ner } this being done, you will keep an account of your op-
erations, and inform,me officially of tbe same. You wiH
make them understand that as. soon as.they haye&greed.in
taking up arms, they wilj be rewarded according to.their
merits; ami that so soon a? they have taken possession of
the places that I have mentioned to you, you will advise
me by an extraordinary courier, giving- me a detailed ac-
coqnt uf t|ie strength pl'tjie Mtxican force, aiKl of the In-
dian tribes,, with the ,plan of attack, that I may be enabled
to direct the forces that are to leave from this place to the
assistance of. those who are to operate in that quarter.
Make them understand that as soon as the campaign is
over, they will be ab'e to ..proceeds to Mexico, to pay their
respects to the. Supreme Government, who will send a com-
missioner to give to each possession of the land they are
entitled to.
CokPAjrn s^M8 Frishm: Nomrwai the oe*ntryhi
mora heed iff yam services than attkc present time. S
preserve the national honor, I present.inyself in flt« fiehf of
battle to share your fate. Such are the orders Of the Gei -
eral-in-Cbief, who has desired me to notice particularly, in
my official returns, the services that you may render, so
that the nation may value your worth. You are not p*
sonally known to me, but I can assure you that often have
I sited my blood in defense of the country; and in conclu-
sion I may say, that, in the last struggle in Tefcas, I was
present in.the field, and exposed my life to the hazard of
fate of war. I shall not be the first to present myself in
the battle-field, neither shall I be tbe last.
Provided, * * * * - *
The President instructs me to take notice- of your good
behavior in . the campaign, and not only to reeommend
you in my official reports, but also to.ma^e a list of the
widows and of the mothers.who have been deprived of
their children, in order, that they, may enjoy the amount of
land to which tliey, were entitled.
There will be a pUceof deposit fixed upon to keephorees,
mules, cattle, provisions, clothing, &£., and when tbe cam-
paign terminates, all will be distributed among.those who
participate in it;, those who may. by soma unexpected cir*
cumstance be prevented from joining in the war, will like-
wiae be.entitled to a.shafeof tlie spqili, ,
Affioon as the news of our operations are made kaoftnia
Matatnoros, his EgceHeiicy the General-in-Chief^will make
a forced march tovyardsthe point, where our troops may be;
so that in the event of any sudden reverse yeii-MiU i>e
aided, and,a central position flxed.upon &i^! orjremtion,
to be headquarters during the remainder ofthe campaign.
Each division will have, it# own sopulies of the,muni-
tions of war, which they will, carry.- W'% tb«m j and, tllfl
commanding officer will see that nothing is wanting in this
respect.
The other papers are: 1st, a power of attorney to Pedro
Julian Miracle, and a letter of citizenship to the same in-
dividual from the Governor Of the Suite of Tamauiipas,
Vital Fernanda*.
