1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
960
ter correctly, and therefore I wish to ask my I
friend from Texas n question. I understood him
to say that no promissory notes were issued by
the State of Texas subsequently to 1841. I un-
derstood him to state afterwards, that when Texas
first issued promissory notes, she realized sev-
enty, eighty, or ninety per cent, on them, and
they were subsequently, I believe, by the law of
1845, exchanged for ten per cent, bonds.
Mr. RUSK. The honorable Senator from
Maryland totally misunderstood me. In 1S37,
Texas issued her first promissory notes. They
started at ninety per cent., soon went down to
seventy, then to fifty, and finally three for one,
and some lower. Very soon after they were
down as low as twelve and a half per cent. I
will not pretend to be very certain about the dates
at which they went down, but if I had time to
refer to the authorities before me, I could give the
dates precisely. When the notes went down,
Texas was so anxious to withdraw them from
circulation, that she passed a law authorizing all'
holders of them to receive bonds bearing eight and
ten per cent, interest. This law was passed as early
as 1538, so that persons went into the market at
New Orleans ana other places, and bought prom-
issory notes at rates varying from ten to fifty
per cent., filed them in the stock commissioner's
office, and obtained bonds for them, rating them
at their face value.
According to the amendment of the honorable
Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Mason,] those who
are willing to take the proposition which Texas
has made to them, can go forward and receive the
amount due to them; those who are unwilling to
do so, can still hold their claims against Texas
and the United States, precisely as they do now.
But if that proposition does not succeed, I shall
vote for the amendment of the honorable Senator
from Maryland, [Mr. Pearce,] which proposes
that the United States shall pay this debt in bonds.
Everybody understands this proposition; and as
it is now proposed to require the assent of Texas
before it shall go into effect, as was the case with
the boundary act, I will not object to it. For the
amendment of the honorable Senator from I ndiana,
[Mr. Bright,] I wilTnot, and cannot vote; and I
believe the reading of that amendment has defeated
any action upon the other propositions. In the
first place, your boundary act declares that when
the releases are filed you are to pay this money,
not to the creditors of the State of Texas, but to
that State. The amendment of the Senator from
Indiana proposes utterly to disregard this provis-
ion, and to treat Texas with indignity, as an infe-
rior power, not upon an equality with you, not
as a sovereign State of this Union, to be con- '<
suited in any arrangements which you propose to ;
make. It does more than that. It proposes to do !
the very thing for which yon blamed Texas, and ■
scales a portion of the debt lower than Texas i
herself has done. Where she obtained eighty or I
ninety cents on the dollar, she has agreed to pay
that amount, with ten per cent, interest. The
amendment of the Senator from Indiana would
reduce all the creditors to a sum less than sixty
cents on the dollar, and would put on an equality
the man who went and invested his money in
Tixas, dollar for dollar, with him who went into
the market and bought her securities at five and
ten cents on the dollar. For that amendment I
cannot vote, and I protest against it as unjust. If,
you choose to disregard the rights of the State of
Texas in this matter; if you choose to violate the
obligations of your own law, and to make a greater
scaling than thai which yon charge Texas with
having made, then vote for that amendment; but
it cannot receive my sanction.
Sir, the charge has been made from the very
beginning that Texas is able to pay this debt, and
has refused to do it. Gentlemen who make this
charge must find out some rules of arithmetic by
which ten millions of dollars can redeem twelve-
and-a-half millions of obligations before this can ;
be done, particularly when one half of the ten mil- ;
Hons are in your Treasury, and you refuse to j
make any arrangement about it. But, say gen- i
tlemen, Texas has land. Yes, sir, she has land,
and that land has been open to her creditors at fifty
cents per acre at all times. They can go there
now and take the land at that rate in paymetttof
their claims.
Sir, I dislike to consume the time of the Senate,
and I will not trespass on it any further than to
say, that without fault of mine, I have been forced
into this debate, when 1 have not time to do justice
to the subject, myself, or the State I represent.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, I have taken
no part in this debate; and at this hour of the ses-
sion perhaps I should not have done so, but for
the very unnecessary remarks, in my judgment,
of the honorable Senator from Texas in reply to
what I said in my seat, when with no motive of
interruption, 1 openly expressed my dissent to a
proposition of his. When 1 could not assent in
my owri mind to a proposition which he enuncia-
ted, I expressed my dissent,for which I have been
censured by him. I shall forbear, however, to
enter into any discussion of this question, further
than to say that it seems to me—not that I was
amused at the matter at all—that the doctrine of
the Senator from Texas was most extraordinary
and novel, which could undertake to create obliga-
tions on the part of the United States to the State
of Texas, before Texas had existence as a sepa-
rate sovereignty, arising out of a treaty between
the United States and the Government of Mexico.
I could not understand the proposition either under
the laws of nations, or, I may be allowed to say,
under any principle of common sense that I am
aware of. Nor can I understand how there could
be on principles of good faith, any claim made by
the State of Texas against the United States, after
the period when by her own annexation with this
Government she had determined the principles and
the terms on which she assented to the annexation.
If she had any claims behind that, then was the
time to make them—not now. So much for the
remarks of the honorable Senator from Texas, not
called for by any remark of mine, but simply
educed by this expression of dissent on my part
in a very low tone, with no intention to interrupt,
made to the honorable Senator from Connecticut
[Mr. Toucey] sitting by my side. But I pass over
that and come to the real merits of the proposition
before the Senate.
I agree with the opinions so eloquently and so
ably expressed by the honorable Senator from
Vermont, [Mr. Phelps,] and I shall not attempt
to mar them by repetition. There is one point,
however, in which I do not agree with him. In
my judgment—I mean not to enter into an argu-
ment! but rather to state conclusions of law than
to enter into any reasons on which those con-
clusions may be supposed to be founded—I agree
that there was no obligation arising under the
law of nations or the laws of morals, that I can see,
by which it was incumbenton the Government of
the United States at any time to provide for the
debts of Texas, except to the extent which is em-
bodied in what is called the boundary act, which
I shall presently notice. Nor do I admit that the
boundary act implies or creates an obligation on
; the part of the United States to pay any debt of
! Texas. I admit that the State of Texas is to
j settle her own debt, but I look to the provision of
< the boundary act as a contract between Texas and
the United States, which has a stipulation entirely
at war with the amendment of the honorable Sen-
I ator from Virginia, [Mr. Mason,] and which pre-
' vents all possibility of my voting for that amend-
ment. This is the view which I take of that
stipulation: The Government of the United States
had refused to admit by her agreement—and I say
it is agreement alone which binds nations in their
, political contracts in reference to individuals of
1 another State with whom they make a contract—
any liability for the debts of Texas. When the
United Statespassed th*e boundary act, containing
proposals to Texas for settling the dispute in ref-
erence to her boundary line, and agreed to pay
to her a certain sum of money, that money be-
came, not, in the language of the honorable Sen-
ator for Vermont, the money of Texas absolutely,
but it became the money of Texas in accordance
with the conditions, and on the performance of
the conditions, expressed in the law. Now, what
. are the conditions ? What is the agreement of the
United States?—for to that extent they are bound,
and no further. One condition was, that the
United States were to pay $5,000,000. They
have paid it. A further condition was, that they
should issue $5,000,000 of stock to the State of
Texas, bearing an interest of five per cent., and
redeemable in fourteen years, on the express con-
dition that certain creditors of Texas were to file
releases in the Treasury of the United States be-
fore that money was to be paid. What was the
object of that stipulation on the part of the Federal
Governments' At that time, and before it, the
creditors of Texas from the period of annexation
had been making claims upon the United States;
the United States, not deeming those claims to be
just, meant, in the boundary act, containing their
proposals to Texas, to provide that they should
no longer be annoyed by these claims after they
had paid the $5,0(50,000. In other words, they
paid these $5,000,000 to Texas on the condition
that those debts should be settled by Texas—for
that is the intent and meaning of the stipulation—
so that releases should be filed in the Treasury of
the United States as Texas complied with the
1 terms of that provision.
I I am not going to enter into a discussion of the
question of the action of Texas, and to acertain
| whether she has been just or unjust in the settle-
ment with her creditors; but I mean to say that
I she cannot call upon us—if she has called, and I
I am not aware that the Legislature of Texas has
: called upon us,—to pass the amendment of the
honorable Senator from Virginia. Butevenifshe
| had called, the answer would be, " You have no
] right under your contract to expose the United
j States, after paying out this fund of $5,000,000,
j to the claim of your creditors." The terms of
1 the law were that Texas was not to receive the
i money until the United States should be released
by her creditors. Then the Government of the
United States might well say to the Government
of Texas, " As you have' not complied with that
: condition, you are not entitled to ask for the
I money. We will comply with our contract, and
i we cannot pay you until you comply with the ob-
ligation which the contract imposes upon you,
which is, that you shall put us in such a condition
that no further claim shall be made upon us."
Who does not understand perfectly well that if
this proposition of the Senator from Virginia be
complied with, and you go on and pay a portion
of the creditors out of the $5,000,600, and the
fund becomes exhausted, other creditors holding
a pledge of the revenues of Texas, made during
her state of separate existence as a nation, will
come back on the Government and make continu-
ous claim until ultimately you will have that sum
to pay?
My objection to the amendment of the Senator
from Virginia is specifically this: that we have no
obligation to part with one dollar of this money
until these releases shall be filed. That obligation
imposes upon the State of Texas, if she asks, or
no matter who asks the money, the duty of hav-
ing those releases filed before we pay the money.
I am willing to concede, on the other hand, that we
have no right to disburse the fund without the
consent of Texas. I am willing to go to the ob-
ligations of that act, which are in the nature of
treaty stipulations. Texas at the time of the pas-
sage of the boundary act was a sovereignty,
though a qualified sovereignty. We made to her
certain proposals, and she has accepted them. I
am willing to hold to the terms of the agreement,
and to pay the sum which we stipulated to pay.
A111 require is, that before we agree to issue any
portion of that sum, Texas shall have settled with
her creditors in such a manner as she sees fit.
Therefore it is that I am opposed to the amend-
ment of the honorable Senator from Virginia, be-
cause it asks us to violate our obligation, and
leaves us open to the continuous claim of all these
creditors, by the distribution of this sum on par-
tial releases, and we know that the result will be
that we shall have to pay the balance of the debt
to Texas. I am unwilling to place the United
States in that condition, because I do not recog-
nize the obligation on our part to pay onfe cent
beyond the extent of the obligation arising under
that boundary act, either in public law or in good
morala.
The argument of the honorable Senator from
Vermont was conclusive on that question, in my
opinion. The point in which I differ from him
is, that he assumed that the United States might
pay the State of Texas under the provisions of
that law. So they may, if they choose to encoun-
ter the subsequent claims on the part of these
creditors. Without admitting that the claims were
just, we, for our protection, chose to guard our-
selves against them. Now, what right has Texas,
or any of the creditors of Texas, to come here
and ask us to abdicate the condition on which
these bonds were to be issued unless that condi-'
