070
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
tion has been complied with? It is, therefore, in
reference to the interests of the General Govern-
ment that I say that until she places herself in that
condition—and she, and she alone, can do it—we
are not bound to pay a dollar. I do not question
the propriety of her conduct. I have nothing to
do with it. But I say that there is an obligation
upon her before one dollar of that stock can be
demanded by any person, either by her authority
or without it, of having those releases filed in the
Treasury of the United States. If we do not
exact that condition, we shall render ourselves
liable to constant claim until, of course, ultimate-
ly, as in all other cases, the Government will be
bound to recognize it. If I thought it was the
right or the duty of the United States to pay these
claims independent of the stipulations of that law,
or to go one dollar beyond it, I might agree to go
further, but as it is, I cannot.
So much for the proposition of the honorable
Senator from Virginia; and next a few words as
to the proposition of the honorable Senator from
Maryland. I cannot vote for that proposition on
two grounds. One is, that it in fact increases the
amount of the sum to be paid by the United
Suites to the creditors of Texas, by, I think, on
a close calculation, something like $1,800,000.
That would be the effect, as I calculate it. I know
of no obligation on the part of the United States
to do that. But a far greater objection arises in
my mind to this proposition. With a view to a
settlement of this question, considering that we
have a redundant Treasury, I might be disposed
to pass over much. Although we are not bound
to pay, we have the power to pay, if we choose,
beyond the $5,000,000, and considering the state
of the Treasury, I might, for the sake of quiet,
possibly agree to pay more than that amount, i
But I am unwilling to vote for a proposition which !
creates a debt for that amount to last for a period
of twenty years when there is money in the Treas-
ury sufficient to pay any such debt if it exists.
Therefore, if any such proposition is to be made—
and it must be made, I admit, with the assent of :
Texas, in order to get my vote—I am willing to i
vote a sum of money which will be sufficient to '
satisfy these creditors, if it does not go much be- !
yond the amount which was stipulated in the con-
tract. I could do it on the principle of quieting
the whole matter, though I deny the obligation of
the United States, in any mode whatever, for one
dollar of that debt; and I say that their whole ob-
ligation, legal or moral, rests on an agreement to
pay to the State of Texas $5,000,000 in bonds,
whenever Texas complies with a certain condi-
tion. When she does comply with it she will
have a right to ask it, but until she does comply,
neither she nor the creditors who affect to repre- [
sent her have a right to ask us to depart from that ]
condition.
Mr. BUTLER. I know that this is not a time
at which I can expect the attention of the Senate;
but allow me to make two or three simple propo-
sitions, and I shall make them as distinctly as I
can. The honorable Senator from Delaware says
the United States were not liable primarily to the
creditors of Texas, and that the United States are
under no obligation to those creditors, unless they
have assumed that liability by the boundary act.
What a proposition ! Have the United States be-
come underwriters to pay liabilities after they were !
incurred, when they were not originally liable?
Does anybody believe any such thing? !
Mr. BAYARD. I did not state that the United
States were bound under the boundary act. On i
the contrary, I said their only obligation in refer-
ence to the debt existed under the boundary act.
I endeavored to define what that was, but I did not
contend that it was an obligation to pay the debts.
Mr. BUTLER. I understood my friend from
Delaware distinctly to have laid down the propo- :
sition I have attributed to him; but modified as it
even is by his explanation, it does not mend ea- 1
sentially the erroneous postulate that the United
States was originally, or are now liable for the
public debt of Texas even under the boundary act.
All that she is responsible for is to pay the amount
to Texas of the purchase-money for the territory
ceded to the United States under that act, on the
condition of the creditors of Texas signing their
releases; and this amount we are bound to pay to
Texas, and not to her creditors.
Was the land, too, purchased to pay a debt for
which the United States was originally liable?
Was there ever a proposition involving the same
amount of absurdity ? No, the land was purchased
in a crisis of great public excitement, to buy the
peace of the country. In the opinion of many,
and those of good opportunity of judging, the land
was wholly worthless to us. Sir, the payment of
the public debt of Texas had no moie to do with
it than christianizing the Hottentots. It was to
avert a collision which might have led to a bloody
civil war, as it was alleged and believed by others.
L deny positively and unequivocally that the
Government of the United States is liable for the
Texas debt. The sovereignty of the State of
Texas was not merged into the sovereignty of the
United Slates by the act of annexation. She was
left in possession of all the attributes of a sovereign
State, saving and excepting the exercise of some of
its faculties she had delegated to the United States.
She retained her public domain. She retained the
power of direct or internal taxes abundantly and
more than sufficient to pay her public debt. As a
sovereign, she had a right to come into this Union
oil the terms of the compact, which made it neces-
sary for her to cede the power of levying imposts
or indirect taxes at her custom-house. She had a
right to select one of the sources of her public rev-
enue as the abiding and available source she had 1
pledged for the payment of her public debt, to wit:
iier revenue arising from the sale of her public land.
She confirmed this selection in the treaty of an-
nexation, and entered into a solemn stipulation
that this debt should be paid out of the proceeds
of their sale, and that the United States should
never be called on for the payment of her debt.
The case cited by the gentleman from Maryland,
[Mr. Pearce,] of the assumption by Frederick of
Prussia, of the public debt of Silesia, has not the
remotest analogy to the issue before us. Silesia
was a conquered province. By the act of her
forcible incorporation into the Kingdom of Prus-
sia,she was bereft of every attribute of sovereignty.
She had no power to levy taxes, raise revenue, or
to disburse. Independently of the pledge of her
public faith, which covers every resource for pay- i
| ing her debt, Texas had all and every one of her ;
j revenues left, save one, and that she had to sur- !
I render in becoming a member of the Confederacy, j
Sir, the creditors of Texas must look to these
sources of revenue which Texas has left for their '
payment. To enable her to do this, we have paid
ten millions. Besides a portion of land, and the J
worse portion, too, they have, I learn, one hundred
and twenty millions of acres left to pay the residue 1
of the debt. In the face of these facts, a class of
her public creditors, whom she happens to think
are not entitled to the same measure of justice that
the rest are, come forward here with clamorous
and vociferous avarice, and ask us to pay three
millions and a half of dollars more, on the exceed-
mgly modest plea that by paying Texas ten mil-
lions of dollars for some millions of acres of
worthless land, you have acknowledged your lia-
bility for her whole debt. Sir, I shall think the
modest assurance of a speculator, or a confedera-
tion of brokers, is quite on a par with their known
acuteness and power of combining when other
people sleep. I assure you that there is nothing
in the celebrated farce of " Raising the Wind"
equal to this.
It must moreover be recollected, that this appli-
cation, characterized by so much diffidence, was
preferred the very year after these $10,000,000
were voted. Texas now has in her treasury,
and in that of the United States, about $8,000,000
to pay her debts, and about one hundred and
twenty millions of acres of land, said to be of the
finest quality in the world—that, too, to pay a debt
of $8,300,000 ! Might we not, with all becoming
humility, ask these kind gentlemen before they
make this terrible onslaught on our patience, to
try that of Texas ? No, sir, they are afraid of
finding a tough customer there, and by a most
luminous exegesis, of finding an easy one here.
Besides, before preferring this most extraordinary
application on the good nature of Congress, ought
they not to have shown us that by the same com-
pact and organized confederation, they had ap-
peared before the Legislature of Texas ? It is true
that this application is made under the arithmeti-
cal alchemy, that £8,300,000 of principal to redeem
at the expiration of fourteen years, are only equal
to $5,000,000.
But there is one act ofjustice which Congress is
bound to do the creditors of Texas, in accordance
with the amendment of my friend from Virginia,
[Mr. Mason,]—it cannot be withheld without an
oppression the most flagrant and unfeeling—which
is, to allow such of the creditors as are willing to
takethe settlementTexas offers them to release the
United States and take their money.
Texas, in the exercise of her power as a sover-
eign, has thought proper, in fixing and defining
her debt, that she would return to each class of
the holders of her debt the amount she received
on each certhcate of stock, with the interest called
for on the face of the obligation. Where she re-
ceived par she pays par, and so down to ninety,
fifty, thirty, and twenty cents on the dollar.
I do not defend either the morality or good faith
of this standard; but what I contend is, that it is
no part of the province of the Government of the
United States to arbitrate, alter, or annul these
rates, as little as it is in the competency of the
United States to coerce a creditor of Texas to ac-
cept the settlement thus tendered to him by the
act of the Legislature of Texas appropriating the
$5,000,000 now suspended in the Treasury of the
United States. The truth is, the United States
has nothing to do with it. It is a duty which be-
longs to Texas. The $5,000,000 in the Treasury
of the United Stales is suspended under a most
extraordinary and unsound construction placed
by the Secretary of the Treasury on the proviso
! in the boundary act. That act provides "that
' not more than $5,000,000 of the stock of the
' $10,0fl0,000 shall be issued to Texas until the
' creditors of Texas, whose certificates of stock are
' secured by a pledge of the revenues, shall file at
' the Treasury of the United States releases of all
' claims against the Government of the United
' States."
The proviso does not say all the creditors, but
all the claims which a creditor might hold. The
whole power of Congress is exhausted, when a
creditor signs his release, and when he does sign,
he is entitled to the money Texas has appropriated
for his payment.
There are, by a schedule returned to the Treas-
ury, sixteen hundred creditors of the State of Tex-
as to whose payment the $5,000,000 in the Treasury
of the United States have been appropriated by the
Legislature of Texas, not one of whom, however
willing to release the United States, can receive his
money until all release. Is it within the range of
human possibility that all the creditors can agree
to accept the settlementTexas tenders? But if this
assent could be obtained, before it could be con-
summated death might intervene to prevent it. As
has been well put, Congress has no other alterna-
tive but to modify theprovisot and allow such of
the creditors as are willing to sign their releases to
do so and receive their money.
This fund Jias already been hung up for two
years and a half in the Treasury, and if the pro-
viso is not modified now, may be hung up for two
years and a half more, to the manifest injury and
ruin of those who are willing to take the settle-
ment which Texas accords to them.
But it seems that the creditors who have been
rated in the low scales protest against those whom
Texas has rated on the high classes signing their
release and receiving their money, and they call
on the United States, without a shadow of author-
ity, to aid them in this scheme of despotism, by
which this class of creditors may be coerced to
enter into a confederation with them to compel
the United States to pay them all at par. Yes, sir,
this press-gang is to knock down and impound
those who are not willing to hold out.
Let me cite a case: What would be thought
in private life of a conspiracy anions: a band of
creditors to prevent those who were willing to
compound with their debtor at even twenty cents
on the dollar in doing so ? What court of justice
would sustain an injustice so flagrant and oppres-
sive ?
If there is a poor man under this settlement,
Texas tenders in his need and necessities, is will-
ing to take even fifteen cents on the dollar, Con-
gress has no right to aid a combination ofindivid-
uals, for their own selfish purposes, to prevent his
taking the sum Texas has appropriated for his
payment.
What sort of despotism is that which enables
one man to say to another, It is my jiat you shall not
receive uotir money because I am not willing to
take mine ?
Besides, there are many creditors who have
