980
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
priation of $500,000, and then to continue year
after year to appropriate, until sufficient has been
received to secure the object in view.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DEAN. I would ask, Mr. Chairman, the
ear of the committee only for one moment, while I
give the reasons why, in my judgment, this amend-
ment ought not to prevail, and the amendment of the
Senate for §500,000, for the protection of our prin-
cipal city on the Pacific ought to be concurred in.
There is now no fortification of any kind there,
and San Francisco is not protected in any manner.
Its harbor is the only p^ace of refuge on that coast;
and although the gentleman from Ohio [MtCart-
ter] informed us last evening that we did not need
forts to protect our Navy, he will allow me to say
that we do need them to protect our merchant-
ships. A protection is needed particularly for the
harbor of San Francisco, the best, largest, and
most important of any in the Pacific, and I trust
that we will not hear the argument urged against
it, that those who live inland have no interest in
the defenses of the sea-board. This is a proposition
in which we are all interested, and none more so
than the central and agricultural States. There is
not in this bill one dollar appropriated for fortifi-
cations anywhere in the State of New York. But
we have an interest in the welfare of every portion
of the Confederacy, and in any vote 'that I ever
give, I ask not in what particular section the
money appropriated is to be expended. We are
voting annually thousands and millions for the
defense of our western borders against the Indians.
And now I say, that equal and sufficient protection
is no more than the people of California and Ore-
gon, and our merchant-ships, have a right to ask.
California is putting into the nation's lap untold
millions, and we refuse her a mere pittance in re-
turn, when that pittance is required, too, for pro-
tection anddefense. I would inquire of gentlemen,
what would become of our immense commerce on
the Pacific coast in case of war, if we refuse this
appropriation? There is not a State of the Union
which is not more or less interested in this matter.
The gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Letcher] ob-
jects to the appropriation because we have no
specific report. It has been before the Committee
on Finance of the Senate, and the appropriation is
to be expended under the direction of the Presi-
dent of the United States.
Mr. HOUSTON. What committee of the Sen-
ate has it been before ?
Mr. DEAN. It is an amendment of the Sen-
ate, and the presumption is that it was before the
Committee on Finance. It has not, I believe,
been before any committee of this House. It is
enough to know that the money is to be expended
under the direction of the President of the United :
States, who was said, before the election and after- ! ;
wards, to be economical and against the unneces-
sary expenditure of the public money. I am will-
ing to tiustto his discretion for expending $500,000
to protect the commerce of our Pacific coast.
IVIr. BAYLY, of Virginia, made a remark
which was not heard by the reporter.
Mr. DEAN. I am informed lhat these esti-
mates of appropriations were also sent to the
chairman of the Committee on Ways and Means.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman's informa-
tion is incorrect.
!tJr' PATto™, 1 beg.lhe gentleman's pardon.
Mr. HOUSTON. It is granted, but neverthe-
less it is incorrect.
Mr. BAYLY. I beg leave to say that the
chairman of the Committee on Ways and Means
is mistaken. The estimates were sent to the Com-
mittee on Ways and Means, and they included
estimates for fortifications.
Mr. HOUSTON. My friend from Virginia is
generally very knowing, but in this particular he
is decidedly in error. He asked my pardon,
grant it. Estimates for fortifications were
sent to the Committee on Ways and Means, but
tT !°l California- The gentleman
has not looked at them, 1 think.
nnW BAYfOr' Thechairman of the Committee
on Ways and Means says that I am very knowing,
and, as Ido not desire to take issue with him, I
will tel him, without meaning anything disre-
spectful, that I am in this respect knowing, be-
cause I do know. That is all. Although this
particular estimate may not have been sent, the
whole subject of fortifications was referred to that
committee.
Mr. HOUSTON. Everything then connected
with the defense of the country? The gentleman
knows that that is not the way to deal with this
question. There was no estimates for fortifica-
tions submitted for California either to the House
or any of its committees. That is the way of
getting off of the question. I do not think
proper 
Mr. STUART. I rise to a question of order.
To facilitate business hereafter I would raise'the
question that to strike out one of these amend-
ments is not in order, because it is precisely the
same as the motion to concur.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair holds that
opinion to be correct.
Mr. LETCHER then, by unanimous consent,
withdrew his amendment.
Mr. MARSHALL. I move to amend by in-
creasing the appropriation five dollars, in order
that I may make a remark or two on this ques-
tion. I have been prepared, Mr. Chairman, with
very full estimates in regard to this work; and there
has been submitted to me, and I have no doubt to
the Committee on Ways and Means of this House
also, a very full and able report, exhibiting the ne-
cessity, as well as showing the cost, of all of the
works for which this section is intended to pro-
vide. It would, of course, be impossible to lay
before the committee, at this time, any intelligible
abstract even of those estimates or the argument
which that report so clearly states. But a single
moment's consideration, it appears to me, will
satisfy every member of this committee, that if
the American people intend to protect American
territory—if it is the purpose of Congress to main-
tain an army at all, or that we shall stand armed
among the armed Powers of the world, the equal
of all—it is absolutely indispensable that a coast
so important and so exposed as that of California
should, at least, be able to make some show of
resistance against any, the very feeblest force that
might be brought to invade it. I have had occa-
sion before, on this floor, to assert a fact known
to every man at all acquainted with the condition
of our western coast, that a single armed ship
might lay the whole American commercial marine
in the harbor of San Francisco and along that
coast in ashes, and might destroy, beyond possi-
bility of our defense, three of the most important
cities in California.
The city of San Francisco is approached by a
narrow channel of an average of about one mile in
width and five miles in length from the sea, capable
of absolute defense at a very small expense in any
part, by fortifications placed upon either side. No-
where along the extent of this whole four or five
miles is there a gun bearing upon this point.
Every gentleman at a single glance would see that
a fortification there is absolutely necessary, if we
mean to be armed at all. If we wish to be pre-
pared at any time for resistance or defense, that
point, of all others, calls most loudly for some ap-
propriation for that purpose. Besides, the exposed
condition of the three cities of California—San
Francisco, Sacramento, and Stockton—there are
$3,000,000 every month passing out of the mouth
of that harbor. The city of San Francisco might
be laid under contribution by even the most insig-
nificant army which should attack it. The Chi-
nese trade—which is tending as necessarily to that
American coast as if it were urged to it by a law
of nature, by the gravitation of trade by a commer-
cial necessity—averages nearly $18,000,000 per
annum. This trade must necessarily find its loca-
tion somewhere and must touch upon our western
coast. Three millions of dollars every month pass-
ing out of that harbor, the great and growing trade
which now amounts to $18,000,000 annually needs
surely some protection at the hands of the Ameri-
can people.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. TOOMBS. I oppose the amendment, not
from any special hostility to that particular appro-
priation, but I wish to call the attention of the
House to the whole system in this bill. We have
discussed this question of fortification here in this
House for the last three years, and thoroughly
discussed it, when we had time, and when Dills
came up from proper committees. The other
branch of Congress have thought proper to bring
in and attach to this military bill the most unusual
and important schemes everpresented to Congress,
and we are expected, underthe five minutes' debate,
in two hours time allowed to us, to decide these
questions. The House have wise rules that are
important for our legislation, that but cu t; great
subject should be legislated upon at once, and
every one of these amendments is against the rules
of our House. Though that may not be a suffi-
cient reason for rejecting them, yet it is suffi-
cient reason for their rejection, when the House
cannot deliberate and pass upon them an intelli-
gent judgment. Here, in this bill, the fortification
bill is to be introduced, and provision made for
private wagon ways for Oregon and California.
You have in the bill an appropriation of §100,000
for the purpose of paying somebody for the discov-
ery of ether. You have a provision for a Pacific
railroad; andyou have job upon job to plunder the
Governmentin the military bill, and the Represent-
atives of the American people are called upon to
vote for all these great and grave questions upon
five minute speeches. You do gross injustice to
yourselves; you betray the great interests of the
American people when you pass upon important
measures in this manner. Let the House reject
the amendments; let the Senate devote their time
to maturing bills, and send them to us to be acted
upon deliberately, and then, whichever way Con-
, gressdetermines for itself, they will have a right so
to act. But, to act upon them in this way, is not
only to abdicate our powers, but to abdicate our
duties. Put your hands upon these amendments
, and strike them out.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Mar-
shall's amendment, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. WALSH. I propose to increase the
amount ten dollars. I have heard in silence the
oracles of the House, who are permitted to en-
lighten us, with great pleasure, but the objections
made to these fortification appropriations this
morning are of a description that I desire to no-
tice. The attention of the whole country has
been for a series of years attracted to the deficien-
i cies of our Navy, and every man within the Re-
public's limits, might well be supposed to know
; that the additions proposed by the bill of Mr.
Stanton came very far short of meeting the ne-
cessities of the case. Yetthehonorablegentleman
from Georgia [Mr. Toombs] appealed most earn-
] estly to the House not to act when there was no
time for deliberation. To-day a similar train of
remark has been adopted in reference to the Sen-
ate amendment on the subject of fortifications.
We have been told that these propositions have
been irregularly placed in the bill, and do not come
before the House under circumstances which en-
title them to our consideration. Sir, most of the
! appropriations are based upon estimates that are
j stereotyped. They have been before the country
■ for along time. The public mind has long since
I decided that they are reasonable and proper.
Mr. Chairman, this is not the time nor the oc-
casion to complain of the Senate. When they
send us new matter, not readily understood, let
denunciation be heard. We are now, at the in-
stance of that body, called to legislate in accord-
ance with the will and the expectation of the people.
The sentiment is almost universal, that the national
honor requires the strengthening of both arms
of the public defense. In a few weeks the fishing
interests on the northern coast will be again at
hazard; and while I earnestly hope that all difficul-
ties in that quarter may be amicably settled, I insist
that it is not the part of patriotism to fail to pro-
vide for theadver e alternative. The mails of the
United States are searched by order of the Captain
General of Cuba. He months aeo refused to
allow the passengers and mails to be landed from
a vessel sailing under the flag of your country.
Can you say with confidence that these things
portend nothing? Do you suppose that the Cap-
tain General would have played " such tricks be-
fore high Heaven," if not backed by an influence
more potent than that of his Home Government?
Have not the signs of the times told you where
that more potent influence is to be found ? Some-
where about eighteen months ago England and
France ordered a police naval force to your coast
to compel you to keep the peace. I believe, sir,
that this would have been regarded as an act of
war, if the condition of our defenses had allowed.
As it was, it passed with scarce a rebuke. I say,
Mr. Chairman, that it should have been considered
an act of war. The expedition was an annuncia-
tion to us that we were incompetent to the execu-
tion of our own laws, and proposed the capture
of men before the commission of any overt aet
