1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
981
•gainst the dominion of Spain or the law of na-
tions. la this all ? With a full knowledge of the
course of our councils on the subject of Cuba— I
with a perfect acquaintance with the " law of our
political existence," the two Powers sought to bind
the United States by solemn treaty, never to at-
tempt bv any means whatever to procure posses-
sion of the Island of Cuba. I hare not time to
dwell upon these matters. If they do not portend
a coming storm, they are at least full of warning.
Mr. Chairman, under these circumstances, I
honor the motives of the Senate and glory in their
action. They have reminded us of our remiss-
ness, and given us a chance of repentance. Sir,
we have almost fatally neglected our duty. The
condition of San Francisco, as so glowingly illus-
trated by the Representative from California, [Mr.
Marshall,] is but a type of the Condition of the
large cities on the Atlantic board.
Ifin reference to our relations with Cuba, France
and England shall determine to interfere, they will
strike without notice. They have kept constantly
hovering upon our coast large fleets; first, for the
purpose, as I before said, of binding us over to
keep the peace; and afterwards, upon the pretense
of suppressing the slave trade. In three days the
most valuable points on the Atlantic coast might
be laid under contribution; and with these facts
before our eyes, and ringing in our ears, we are
required to nullify the action of the Senate upon a
point of order. Let us rather admit that the
representatives of State sovereignty have been
more faithful to the wmnta of the people than have
been their more immediate representatives.
A word or two to the representatives of the
West, and I shall have done. The completion of
the great lines of rails have brought the interior
in close connection with the cities upon the sea-
coast. Let them remember that the mighty treas-
ures which their fruitful soil is now pouring out
in profusion must find their depot and mart in the
localities which may either be subjected to desola-
tion or to tribute. I know, Mr. Chairman, that,
to prevent either catastrophe my own people would
stand to the last gasp in the last ditch; but without
the appliances which the art of war demands, the
stout heart may despair, and the most stalwart
arm be palsied.
Considerations of interest as well as of national
honor, invite, then, the support of western gen-
tlemen to the proposed legislation. But let me
make no sordid appeals. There is enough in the
country which is common to us all to insure even
a sacrifice, if patriotism asks it, to be incurred. '
With a domain extending from the Atlantic to the
Pacific, calling for oceans aa boundaries, and all
its lines, home lines, it should be the pride and the
privilege of every American citizen to protect all
parts of it, free from the polluting tread of the in-
vader.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I am opposed to
this amendment. I listened with attention to
the remarks of my friend from Georgia, [Mr.
Toombi,] and I agree with him, to a large extent.
The gentleman says that putting appropriations
for fortifications in the Army bill, is an irregular
mode of legislation. All this is true. He says
the appropriation for the Pacific railroad and some
other appropriations in this bill are out of place.
This is true also. But why has it been done?
Why is it that these appropriations for fortifica-
tions are in the Army bill? It is because the for-
tification bill proper haa never, at this session,
been before the House.
Mr. HOUSTON. My friend from Virginia is
mistaken again. There was a fortification bill re-
ported by the committee, and it was discussed at
the last session.
Mr. BAYLY. The fortification bill, in the
Committee of the Whole, did not come beforethis
House from the Committee on Ways and Means
—the committee from which it ought to have come.
Mr. HOUSTON. My friend is excessively
unfortunate. 1, as chairman of that committee,
reported that fortification bill.
Mr.BAYLY. I know the facts. Whatsortof
a bill was it that the gentleman reported ? [Laugh-
ter.] It was not a fortification bill at all; but it was
an anti-fortification bill. I, as an independent mem-
ber of this House, introduced in the committee, at
the last session, a bill in accordance with the esti-
mates, as a substitute for the arUi-fortification bill
of the gentleman, but it was not acted upon; and at
this session no effort haa been made to procure
action upon it. That is the reason that the Sen-
ate, from the necessity of the case, have put ap-
propriations in this bill which they have thought
it was necessary should be made. The excuse for
this legislation arises solely out of the fact of the
inability of the friends of fortifications to get the
question fairly before this House. What duty es-
pecially had I, except as any other member whose
constituents are somewhat interested in this mat-
ter, to introduce this bill? I was not charged with
it. It did not belong to my committee, ft was in
charge of the Committee on Ways and Means.
My own opinion is, that when a bill is referred to
a committee that committee should report, if they
have an opportunity, upon it favorably or ad-
versely. They ought to bring the subject before
the House, and let the House consider it. The
gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Toombs] is right
m saying that this sort of irregular legislation is
utterly indefensible, and the only possible excuse
for it on the face of the earth is, that it was not
brought up legitimately. I am notcomplaining of
the chairman of the Committee on Ways and
Means. I have not done it. I know his difficul-
ties probably as well as any other member in this
House. I know that when I was on that committee
I had sometimes a difficulty in getting before the
House subjects to which a majority of that com-
mittee happened to be opposed. No committee,
certainly, nas a right to smother a subject which
haa been legitimately referred to it, and which ought
to be brought before the House that action may be
had upon it. The gentleman from Alabama [Mr.
Houston] talks of the fortification bill that he in-
troduced. Has the gentleman ever asked to take
it up?
Mr. HOUSTON. The bill was taken up and
discussed at some length, until the House deter-
mined to close general debate. My friend from
Virginia made a speech, and offered an amend-
ment, which he haa a right to do, and which the
House had a right to debate.
Mr. BAYLY. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him when he urged action upon that report
of his ?
Mr. HOUSTON. I urged action upon several
days.
Mr. BAYLY. At this session ?.
Messrs. Stanly and Cleveland made some
response, not a word of which was heard by the
reporter.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Walsh's
amendment; and it was not agreed to.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I move to strike
out the eightieth and ninetieth lines. I do not
want to discuss this matter. It has been sufficient-
ly discussed.
The CHAIRMAN. That is not in order.
Mr. ifrf&jjfflySf?. The question will be put,
I preouine^wilt the Houf* coney*-— ,
Mr. FREEMAN. If we gentleman's amend-
ment is not in order, I desire to submit an amend-
ment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair holds that it is
not in order to move to strike out the whole ap-
propriation.
Mr. FREEMAN. Then I move to amend the
clause by adding the words " under the direction
of the Secretary of War."
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair holds that it is
not in order to move to strike out the entire clause
under consideration, the question being, " Will
the committee concur?" A non-concurrence
would effect the object of the gentleman from
Georgia.
Mr. STEPHENS. The question is, "Will
the committee concur in the amendment of the
Senate?" and it is in order to perfect the amend-
ment of the Senate by striking out a particular
line.
Mr. FREEMAN. Does the gentleman appeal
from the decision of the Chair ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair entertains the
opinion that the amendment of the gentleman from
Georgia is not in order.
Mr. STEPHENS, Then I move to strike out
" 4500,000" in the eightieth line.
Mr. FREEMAN. That amounts to the same
^T^e CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
that amendment is out of order.
Mr. STEPHENS. I appeal from the decision
of the Chair. .
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment proposed
by the gentleman from Georgia is to strike out the
whole appropriation contained in the clause, and
the Chair holds that it is not in order. From
this decision the gentleman from Georgia appeals.
Mr. STEPHENS. I demand tellers on the
appeal.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Ca&tter
and Hamilton were appointed.
Mr. TAYLOR. Will the Chair please to state
what is the precise question?
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment of the
Senate is as follows:
" For the defense of San Francisco, California, #500,000. •'
The gentleman from Georgia moves to amend
by striking out " $500,000," which is the entire
appropriation. The Chair holds that that amend-
ment is not in order. The same object may be
attained by non-concurring in the Senate's amend-
ment.
Mr. STUART. Will the Chair allow me to
make a single suggestion ?
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not strictly in
order, but the Chair will hear the gentleman's
suggestion.
Mr. STUART. The gentleman from Georgia
might hereafter move to insert $300,000, or any
other sum, in place of $500,000 sticken out.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would hold
that to be in order.
Mr. STUART. Well, sir, the gentleman from
Georgia does not move to strike out the whole
cl&U60
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will remark, in
reply, that striking out the whole of the appro-
priation is virtually striking out the entire clause.
The Chair holds that it is not in order.
The question was then taken on the appeal,
" Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the
judgment of the committee?" and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 72, noes 48.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained, and
the amendment ruled out of order.
Mr. BOWNE. I offer the following as an
amendment to the Senate amendment:
For Fort Richmond, New York, $60,000, and for repairs
of Fort Hamilton, New York, $10,000
1 do not want to discuss the question of appro-
priations for fortifications. That has already been
done, and I will not insult the good sense of the
House by standing up here to argue on the pro-
priety of forts in the harbor of New York, if we
are to have forts anywhere. I believe that every
schoolboy in the country will recognize that neces-
sity, if the House concludes that there is a neces-
sity for forts anywhere. I shall, therefore, leave
the subject to the good sense of the House,and only
say further, that you have got Moses and the
Prophets, and if you will not believe them, you
wou!4 not believe one, though he should rise from
the 4ead. •
Mr. FREEMAN. I suppose that amendment
is not in order. I understand that the amendment
for the defense of San Francisco has not yet been
disposed of.
The CHAIRMAN. That is so, and the gen-
tleman from New York proposes his as an amend-
ment to that amendment.
Mr. FREEMAN. Has not the Senate amend-
ment been concurred in ?
The CHAIRMAN. No, it has not.
Mr. FREEMAN. Well, sir, I am opposed to
the amendment of the gentleman from New York:
first, because I hold that it is not in order; and in
the second place, because New York already has
a system of fortifications; and inasmuch as there
is a great war made upon fortifications here, I see
no reason why, at this time, we should make the
appropriations which the gentleman from New
York asks for. They have got surplus popula-
tion enough there to defend the city, but in San
Francisco they have not got that. If you five to
San Francisco as much as the appropriations
which have already been expended at New York,
the friends of the country generally will be well
satisfied. . .
Now, I was sorry to hear the opposition made
by the gentleman from Georgia, upon the ground
that this amendment of th'e Senate is in violation
of the rules of the House. Sir, it is an extraor-
dinary fact, that if you look to the history of the
country, and particularly to the history of this
House, every good thing that has ever been done
has been done by a suspension of the rules, and
entirely out of order, if the people of this coun-
