1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
983
move that the committee rise for the purpose of j
elttsui? the live-minutes debate. I more that the ,
committee do now rise.
The Question was put; and, upon a division, 45
rose i" the affirmative.
Mr. ALLISON. I demand tellers.
Teilera were not ordered; and the committee
refused to rise.
Mr STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I suppose
it is in order to oppose the amendment of the
Senate.
The CHAIRMAN. No debate is in order,
except in favor or in opposition to an amendment ,
to the Senate amendment.
Mr. STEVENS. Then I move to strike out
the appropriation all except four dollars and a
half. [Laughter.]
A Member. You might afford to allow them
four dollars and three quarters.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Chairman, I do not in-
tend to express any opinion upon this question
further than to say, that if thirteen days of a
former session in regular debate, as refered to by
the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Bayly,] was
not sufficient to debate a question of this kind, will
he be so good as to inform the House how two
hours are sufficient, and how we are to have forced
into this bill, by means of an amendment from the
Senate, a whole system of fortifications, involving
an expenditure of millions? Sir, this whole sys-
tem is now before us, and we are compelled to
consider it under the five-minutes debate. Sir, it
is not enough for me.
But gentlemen say it passed the Senate, or a
committee of the Senate. Well, sir, as far as my
observation goes, nothing is rejected in that body
in the shape of appropriations, provided it appro-
priates millions. I do not mean to say that that
body have been guilty—for that would not be a
proper respect to our superiors, as 1 suppose they
are—of profligacy in their appropriations; but I
will say, that if those appropriations were made
by any other body upon earth than the American
Senate, I should think it were profligacy. Sir, is
this House to act under duress?—for that is the
amount of it. You are acting under duress, for
you are compelled by that body to act out of the
regular course of legislation. They force you to
take what they send you irregularly, or to have
nothing. I object therefore to it. There are jobs
enough in that bill to last an army of plunderers
twenty years, and make them all rich. You are
to farm out jobs everywhere. You are to leave it
to individuals—honorable men, against whom I
have nothing to say, but they are men, and there-
fore liable to be imposed on—but you are to leave
it to these men to establish forts every ten miles
from here to the Pacific, and they are to let out
the jobs to others. 1 agree with the gentleman
from Georgia, [Mr. To<ms«,} that it M time to
stop it. Let us strike out all these appropriations
for fortifications, and if the commerce of San Fran-
cisco is not sufficiently protected, let us build a
war navy—a steam navy. Is that commerce to
be protected only by forts? When your specie
goes forth to reach the Atlantic, how is it to be
protected ? It will take longer guns than Commo-
dore Stockton's to be of any service. To reach
the wants of that commerce you must have a war
navy—you must have a steam navy; and they
will be of more service than all the fortifications
you can build.
[Here the hammer fell J
Mr. RIDDLE. Mr. Chairman, I am opposed
to the amendment offered bv the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, and every other proposition which
will in any way conflict with the amendment made
by the Senate to this bill. 1 am in favor of pro-
viding for continuing the work upon certain forti-
fications upon our Atlantic sea-board; and whether
appropriations for such purposes are legitimately
or illegitimately connected with this bill, I clearly
see that they cannot be made, during this session,
in any other way. The only question, then, for
this committee to decide is, provided they agree
with me, whether this*technicality or theoretical
distinction outweighs in importance the necessity
for the works.
Sir, as great as I suppose the opposition of the
Committee on Ways and Means to any appro-
priations for the defense of our coast, I did not
think they could, under existing circumstances,
oppose the small amounts which the Department
of War has recommended. If I had succeeded in
obtaining the floor last evening, as I most earnestly
desired, 1 would have endeavored, without con-
suming much of the time of the committee, to
give some reasons why every appropriation con- '
mined in the Senate amendment should pass. As
it is, under the operation of our arbitrary rules, I
will necessarily be restricted to a short speech,
and compelled to dwell particularly upon the ne-
cessity for that amounfwhich relates to Fort Del-
aware. If I had entertained a doubt, or been in-
different u0on the subject, the remarks made by
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Cartter] last night
would have convinced me of my error. While
the argument of that gentleman was designed to
defeat our entire system of national defense, the
declarations avowed and facts submitted by him
in the course of his speech must have convinced
every—1 had almost said intelligent—attentive
member of this House of the fallacy of his posi- 1
tion. Casting aside the usual tact and sagacity
which have hitherto characterized his course, my
honorable friend appeared to rely entirely upon
that strong parlance which, with him, too, is a
prominent characteristic, and endeavored to amuse
rather than instruct the committee by what he had
to say.
Sir, when a gentleman rises from his seat on
this floor, and avows as his belief, " that row-
boats and two-masted schooners," to use his own
expression, manned by our mercantile marine,
ana strong-armed yeomen, are capable of protect-
ing the great cities of New York and Philadelphia
against the attack of a foreign and hostile fleet,
and at the same time, if not in the same breath,
expatiates upon the improvements which have
lately been made in the missiles of war—their in-
creased destructive effect upon the enemy, and
the like, I can but think him incompetent to dis-
cuss the subject now under consideration. The
gentleman appeared to have overlooked the facts,
that there are two parties in every contest, and
that no foreign fleet would approach our coast,
with hostile intention, and not possess the same
advantages which our people enjoy. He appeared
to have forgotten, that while our " little row-boats
and two-masted schooners," manned though they
might be by our most valiant sailors and citizen
soldiers, were firing a distant and occasional shot
at the enemy, that enemy, by means of his heavy
armament, discipline, hot shot, and destructive
shells, could fire our cities in an hour, and render
them desolate in a day. Sir, admit, as the gen-
tleman sai^, that three years ago Congress thought
it unnecessary, after free discussion, to provide
for these fortifications. Then, we were threat-
ened with dangers from within far greater than
difficulties from without. Then, foreign Powers
fancied they saw kindling within the limits of our
country the fire of an intestine war which would
inevitably consume the fair fltbric of our Repub-
lic. Now our domestic troubles are settled. The
! picture is entirely reversed. Peace prevails where
confusion reigned triumphant, and we will soon,
I trust, reassert an old doctrine, and declare, as
did President Monroe, that no foreign Power shall
colonize any portion of the American continent.
Mr. Chairman, I am admonished by the clock,
which I would like to stop for ten minutes, that
your hammer will fall before I allude to the neces-
sity for the appropriation for Port Delaware, un-
less 1 do so at once. It is known to every mem-
ber of this committee, who has at all investigated
the subject, that the Pea Patch Island, upon which
Fort Delaware stood, was ceded to the General
Government many years since, upon the express
condition that the Government would maintain
a fortification thereon. This island commands the
entrance to the Delaware river from the Delaware
bay, and the fortification thereon is calculated to
protect, not only the cities and towns within my
State, for they are few and small in comparison
with those in the States of Pennsylvania, New
Jersey, and New York, but the general protection
of all the cities and towns bordering upon the
Delaware river and its tributaries.
In 1831, if my memory serves me, this fortifi-
cation was so impaired by fire as to render it ad-
visable upon the part of the Government, to take
it down. Appropriations have since been made
by Congress for such purpose, andfrom theamount
i so appropriated, the island has been protected
! against the washing of the bay, the piles have
i been driven for the foundation of the fort, and the
I grillage has been placed thereon, under the direc-
tion of the Engineer Department. This depart-
ment, too, composed of accomplished and scien-
tific men, have recommended in the strongest
terms, the appropriation which I now advocate,
in order, if for no other reason, to preserve the
work which the Government has already con-
structed. I call, then, upon my friend from South
Carolina, [Mr. Orr,] who last night expressed
his opinion that the necessity for the appropria-
tion for these works should be decided by our scien-
tific engineers, to support me in my position. I
call upon him as a gentleman ever ready to con-
sult the Departments of our Government for in-
formation which they alone can obtain, to support
the recommendation of such Departments now.
I state to him, and to this committee, that the
amendment, at least as far as Fort Delaware is
concerned, is a question of economy, and it is for
Congress to decide whether they are willing that
the work upon this island, which has already cost
$100,000 or $200,000, shall go to decay, or whether
they will preserve it, and in so doing, defend the
second city of their country by placing a super-
structure thereon.
A word more, sir, and I havedone. The State
which I have the honor to represent is not alone,
or peculiarly interested in this fortification. I con-
fess, we considerit necessary for our protection. I
confess, we consider the Governmentin duty bound
to maintain it; but at the same time I assure this
House, that if the Government refuses so to do,
the island will revert to the State, and will be a
great accession to our treasury. This Delaware
does not desire, unless the Government fails to
comply with her part of the contract. I appeal,
then, to the friends of the system everywhere, and
particularly those who represent adjoining and bor-
dering States, whether they are willing to leave the
cities and towns upon the Delaware river and bay
without defense, and whether they are willing to
allow the appropriations they have already made
to be lost, ana the work such appropriations have
constructed go to decay. To whatever your de-
cision may be I will bow with submissive respect,
but I will have the satisfaction, at least, of record-
ing my vote in favor of what I conceive to be the
interest of the country and true economy of the
Government.
Mr. WASHBURN. 1 propose to increase the
appropriation $10,000.
It appears to me, Mr. Chairman, that much of
this debate has been outside of the real question
presented to the House. The question is not as
to the propriety of all the amendments proposed
by the Senate, but whether these amendments
upon which we are now acting are proper and
worthy of our support.
There are but two questions, it seems to me, be-
fore the committee, and they may easily be deci-
ded, and do not require debate: First, are any
fortifications necessary ? Is there anything, at
| this time, in the condition Of oar country, con-
1 nected with other nations—is there anything in the
: progress of our civilization that requires that any
more money should be spent on fortifications and
arsenals and forts in this country? Upon that
question, it seems to me, there can be no manner
of doubt. Even those gentlemen who look for-
ward to the inauguration of that era when there
?hall be no war, and the cry shall be peace, and
when the blasts of war's great engines shall no
more fill the skies—even they see the propriety of
offensive operations. Have we now come to that
period in the world's progress when we may safely,
justly, and properly omit to protect ourselves,
and to make those reasonable defenses which are
necessary to "protect us? Upon that question I
am sure there can- be no manner of doubt that we
have not.
! The next question is, whether these are proper
1 and fitting amendments. TheSenatehaveaaopted
them, as it had a right to adopt them, upon the
recommendation of the proper Department. They
did not come here, as it were, through the back
i door, but through the front way, properly and
! regularly, and in that manner they are here for our
' action. When gentlemen look at the amendments
which have been made, they must ®ee that they
have been made carefully and judiciously in refer-
' ence to those points of the country which must be
j defended, if any are to be defended at all.
! I take it for granted, in the first plscei Mr.
I Chairman, that all agree that there should be some
I fortifications, some extended fortifications in the
