1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
967
ervation. Bui if gentlemen are determined they '
wiil make no appropriations for fortifications; if
tliev an? determined that the sea-coast of the coun-
try shall be laid open to the invasion of a ruthless
for, then tie it so. I, sir, shall havedone myduty.
^Herr the hammer fell.]
"'the question now being upon the adoption of
the amendment to the Senate amendment,
Mr. JACKSON, by the unanimous consent of
the committee, withdrew it.
The question then recurred upon concurring in
the Sennit* amendment.
Mr. JACKSON. Upon that I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Hall and
Mta^HALL were appointed.
The question was then put; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 35, noes not counted.
So the committee refused to concur in the Sen-
ate amendment.
The next Senate amendment was as follows:
" Smtt Curoftaa.—Fort Sumter. Charleston bar'uor,
$110,000."
The question was taken, and the amendment
was not concurred in by the committee.
The next amendment waa the following, viz:
'■ Jfaryiami.—Fart Carroll, Sollers's Faint, Baltimore
b*i bur, $50,MX).''
Mr. WALSH. I desire to say a word in rela-
tion to that amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. No debate is in order.
Mr. WALSH. I move to increase the appro-
priation $1,000.
Now, sir, it seems to me that this appropriation
stands upon differentgroundsfrom any other which
has been brought to the attention of the commit-
tee. It has hitherto been the policy of the Gov-
ernment to protect all the great commercial marts
upon the Atlantic coast; and I tell this committee
that none of the arguments which have been urged
with so much force and eloquence in favor of
granting an appropriation for the defense of San
Francisco upon your Pacific border can be applied
with greater force in favor of that coast than for
the protection of the city which I have the honor
to represent.
Sir, the board of officers charged with this par-
ticular duty, after examining the harbor of Balti-
more, decided that the harbor and city were utterly
in an unprotected condition in case of the attacks
Of an enemy; that old Fort McHenry, which had
done good service sometimes, was so far distant
from the channel of the river, that no adequate pro-
tection conld be afforded by it; they also reported
thata new fort should be located at Sollers's Flats,
some seven or eight miles below the city. We have
laid the foundation of a fort there and named it
after the signer of the Declaration of Independence
who survived longest the signature of thatimmor-
tal instrument. They have mid the foundations of j
the fort substantially, and have proceeded with itI
as high as the water's edge, and this fortification ;
has continued in that condition for a series of
years. An appropriation is now required for the
preservation of the work which has been com-
menced at a very large expenditure; and a further !
appropriation is required for the purpose of com- ,
pleting that fortification, so necessary for the
protection of the harbor and city of Baltimore.
This fort, as now located, commands the channel
of the river above and below, and it would be im-
possible that any, except a most extraordinary
force, could ever be able to pass that particular
locality with the fort completed.
Now, Mr. Chairman, let me say to this com-
mittee, is it right, is it proper to leave a great
commercial mart like Baltimore utterly unpro-
tected as she is at this present momentIs she
a city deserving of such negligence or such treat-
ment at the hands of the National Legislature?
8ir, this report was made more than fifteen years
ago; before her commerce had increased; and be-
fore her citizens had expended, of their private
means, millions for purposes of improvement to
bring in the products of the soil, and of the labor
of the inbabitantsof thegreat West. Now, I ask
again, is it right, when you have the highest mil-
itary authority telling you that your public works,
for the protection of this great commercial me-
tropolis, so identified with the interests of the
agricultural people of the great West, are utterly
inadequate for her protection unless this fort is
finished—is it right, I say, for you, year after
year, to leave her thus defenseless ?
I 1 have seen something of the signs of the times,
I and I do not know whatarguiueiitgeutlemtn intend
when they talk strong words of the prospect of hos-
tilities, and of our safety in case of invasion. Sir,
1 very much feur, in the absence of all these fortifi-
cations, that at the approach of a hostile fleet we
should find ourselves in the condition of the Chi-
nese in their conflict with Great Britain. The
history of that warfare tells us that, as the British
lines approached, the mandarin generals who com-
manded the ^forces, told them to sound the gong
lightly, and that would frighten the British away;
but, as the line still approached unappalled, the
generals told them to strike the gongs in tones of
thunder; but notwithstanding the British lines
still approached, and the first broadside sent gongs
and the Chinese into destruction. So it will be here.
1 tell gentlemen that, valiant as our citizens may
be, let a single steamship present herself in our
harbor, and her broadsides would produce an effect
that no valor could prevent. Nothing but the
protection of adequate forts could save our city
in case of such an emergency; and that our forts
there are not now adequate, no one who under-
stands the subject can for a moment doubt. I
hope the committee will at least allow this appro-
priation to be made.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. Mr. Chairman, I
am going to vote against this appropriation. I
shall do it with very great reluctance, because I
know its importance. But this committee have
defeated appropriations to-day for other fortifica-
tions equally as important, in mv humble judg-
ment. I will take, for instance, that for the pro-
tection of San Francisco, or thatfor the fortification
at Tortugas, upon the Guif of Mexico. I should
have been glad to have seen a judicious fortifica-
tion bill passed during the present session of Con-
gress. But this committee has refused to vote
appropriations for these fortifications to which I
have alluded, and I shall now, though with reluc-
tance, be compelled to vote against all the appro-
priations of this nature which may be brought
forward.
Mr. WALSH. I desire to withdraw my
amendment.
There was no objection, and the amendment
was withdrawn.
Mr. STANLY. I move the following, as an
amendment to the Senate amendment:
For repairs of Fort Macon, North Carolina, $2,000.
For preservation of the site of Fort Macon, $1,000.
Mr. Chairman, I have offered this amendment
in pursuance of the estimates of the Department.
I will not consume the time of the committee upon
them further than to say, that it only makes an
appropriation of $3,000, and (or works where the
appropriation is necessary.
. Mr. ORR. -I -rice to ^question of order. I
submit that th>  amendment i« fiat fetrnane to the
Senate amendment under consideration.
Mr. STANLY. It is for precisely the same
description of works, and it is germane to an
amendment for such works, whether for Maryland,
South Carolina, or any other State.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order of the gentleman from South Caro-
lina, and decides the amendment to be in order.
The question was then taken, and Mr. Stamly's
amendment was disagreed to by the committee.
Mr. STANLY. I have another amendment
which I desire to offer as a matter of justice to my
colleague, [Mr. Ashe,} who is not now able to be
in his seat. I move to add at the end of the Sen-
ate amendment under consideration, the follow-
ing:
For repairs of Forr Cawell, Cape Fear river, .'$5,000.
For prtwervation of the site of Fort Caswell, S3,000.
For repairs of barracks and quarters at Fort Johnston,
North Carolina, #1,200.
For preservation of the site of Fort Johnston and wharf,
North Carolina, $4,200.
I will merely say that this is estimated for by
the Departments, and is necessary to keep the forts
in order.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was disagreed to by the committee.
The question again recurred rfpon concurring
in the Senate amendment, and being taken, the
amendment was non-concurred in by the commit-
tee.
The next amendment of the Senate was the fol-
lowing, viz:
| "Delaware.—Fori Delaware, Pea Patch Island, Del a-
| ware river, $150,000."
H Mr. FLORENCE. I move to amend the Sen-
ate amendment by increasing the appropriation
$100,000.
1 ofler this amendment for the purpose of say-
ing that I hope this amendment of the Semite will
be concurred in. I ascertained, from a visit to that
public station during the last summer, that this ap-
propriation is very much needed. I believe it is
the duty of the American Congress fully to pro-
, vide for the defense of the city of Philadelphia,
i and I intend to record my voice for this appropri-
] ation of $150,000 for the defense of that city, and
l i 1 believe it is the duty of the American Congress
to make the appropriation. When the work was
commenced there was an understanding between
that city and the United States that it was to be
continued. I desire to call the attention of the
committee to the eloquent argument of the gentle-
man from Delaware, [Mr. Riddle;] to the strong
i legal and equitable reasoning of that gentleman
why this appropriation should be made equal to>
that proposed in the Senate amendment for Cali-
fornia. Sir, there cannot be a greater need of pro-
tection upon our Pacific coast than there is for the
city I have the honor in part to represent.
[A message was here received from the Senate,
by Asbcry Dickins, Esq.,its Secretary, informing
the House that the Senate had passed, with amend-
ments, a bill of the following title: "A bill to
establish certain post routes."]
Mr. FLORENCE, (resuming.) I do not de-
sire to occupy the time of the committee any
longer. I have no hope of success, because the
purpose, intention, and disposition of the com-
mittee have been indicated this morning. I shall
continue to hope, however, that at the next ses-
sion of Congress a bill will be properly considered
and reported, because I have heard it made.as ai>
objection why the' amendments should not be
j agreed to, that there has beeb no time to consider
them. I sa.y properly considered and reported,for
the protection of the interests of the commercial
States of the Union.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was then taken on the amendment
offered by Mr. Florence; and it was not agreed
to.
The question then recurring on the amendment
of the Senate, it was put and decided in the nega-
tive.
i So the Senateamendment was notconcurred in.
The next Senate amendment in order was the-
following:
" Fort Knox, Penobscot river, $55,000."
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. I move to increase
the amount of this appropriation one dollar.
I would not trouble the committee with any
remarks in relation to these appropriations, were
it not for tbe fab* that Ishali be called upon to
record my vote tfrwm thtem, under a call for the
yeas and nays. I do not despair but what these -
appropriations, when considered in the House,
may be adopted, although rejected in the commit-
tee. I wish merely to state,and cull the attention'5
of the House, to a few facts familiar perhaps to
all. Fort Knox, on the Penobscot river, is situa-
1 ted about midway upon our sea-board, and within
j about eight hours" run by steamer of Halifax, the
great naval depot of Great Britain at the north.
East of Boston there is no place where commer-
; cial vessels can seek protection. It was about
I eight miles up the river, above the location of this
j fort, where, for the want of this or a similar forti-
i fication during the last war, the frigate John
| Adams was dismantled. The location is such
i that the whole commerce of our extensive sea-
i board, in any sudden difficulty or rupture grow-
(. ing out of the delicate relations existing between
this country and Great Britain, amounting perhaps
to millions and millions of dollars, would be de-
stroyed in a very short time.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. McMULLIN, It is not my purpose to
detain the committee long upon this question, but
I rise more particularly for the purpose of appeal-
ing to this committee, when the seiise of the com-
mittee has been so fully expressed, to let us get
through with this bill as soon as possible. It is
worse than idle for gentlemen to expect to reverse
the sentiment of this committee, and I hope that
gentlemen will have respect enough for those or
