988
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
us who have not discussed this question, to allow
the vote to be taken immediately.
Sir, we have but a short time left us to dispose
of this bill, and the chairman of the Committee
on Ways and Means, [Mr. Houston,] as well as
other gentlemen, has well said, that, unless we
act speedily, we shall lose some one of these ap-
propriation bills.
The question was then taken on the amendment
offered by Mr. Fuller, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I move to amend
the Senate amendment by increasing the appro-
priation two dollars.
I care not for the admonition given us as to the
determination of this committee upon these ques-
tions. Where I have a duty to perform I mean
to do it. If there is a case, in the whole course
of our action in reference to fortifications, stand-
ing on peculiar grounds, this appropriation for
Fort Knox, with the possible exception of that
for the protection of California, and the one for
the Gulf of Mexico, stands in a position of more
demonstrable propriety than any other.
There are some historical facts connected with
that matter, which gentlemen ought not to forget;
and I mean, so far as this appropriation is con-
cerned, to put them upon the record. In the late
war with Great Britain, for the want of this very
fortification at the narrows of the Penobscot, the
British vessels went up that river, burnt the
John Adams, and destroyed private property
in the town of Bangor, to the amount of more
' than half a million of dollars. These are histor-
ical facts, and it is a national disgrace—for to
some extent it was a disgrace—that one of our
sloops-of-war was burnt, almost without oppo-
sition, within our own waters.
A Member. They ought to have fought.
Mr. BAYLY. Fought? fought against what?
She would have been annihilated in five minutes,
as she was. This half a million of private property,
and this sloop-of-war, which were destroyed al-
most without opposition, because opposition was
useless, would have been saved had this Fort
Knox, upon the narrows of the Penobscot, been
constructed.
I shall vote against it, important as I think it is,
because I want all these appropriations to stand
upon the same footing.
Mr. WASHBURN. I have but a word to say
in reference to the appropriation, as the ground
has been covered by my colleague, and the honor-
able gentleman fiom Virginia. I am opposed to
the amendment of the gentleman from Virginia,
because I desire the original appropriation to pass.
As I have said, the ground has been occupied
by otherB, but this much I may say, that Fort
Knox is situated in the narrows of the Penobscot
river, seven miles below Bangor, one of the most
exposed positions of our whole frontier. The
State of Maine has an extent of some thirteen
hundred miles of sea-coast, following the inlets of
the shore.
I apprehend there can be no question, if there is
any appropriation in this bill which is necessary,
any appropriation that is demanded for the pro-
tection of the country, that this is the one. In case
of disturbance or war with a foreign Power, and
especially with England, without this fortification,
we should be exposed to attack at every point.
This is necessary, indispensably necessary forour
protection, considering our relative position to
British North America. I trust that if no other
of these appropriations passes, this one will pass.
The question was taken on the amendment of-
fered by Mr. Bayly, and it was not agreed to.
The question recurring upon the Senate amend-
ment—
Mr. WASHBURN called for tellers; which
were not ordered.
The question was then taken on the amendment
of the Senate, and it was disagreed to.
The next Senate amendment in order was the
following:
" Fort Warren, Boston harbor,#45,000."
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. Before we get
through with these amendments relating to forti-
fications, I desire to offer another amendment,
and I will do it at this point. The amendment is
as follows:
For the repair and contingencies of fortifications, includ-
ing the necessary measures of protection and preservation
of the fortifications upon which operations are suspended
$150,000. '
The probability is that these appropriations are
to be defeated. In that position, I undertake to
say to the House—for I know the fact—that a
heavy loss to the public service will accrue,unless
some provision is made for the protection and pres-
ervation of those works which are in progression,
and upon which operations have been suspended
for the want of appropriations.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Bayly's
amendment; and there were, on a division—ayes
35, noes not counted.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
The question then recurring upon the Senate
amendment, it was put, and decided in the neg-
ative.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
The next Senate amendment was the following:
"Fort Winthrop, Governor's Island, Boston, $39,573."
The question was taken on concurring with the
amendment, and it was decided in the negative.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
The next Senate amendment in order was to
strike out the word in brackets and insert the word
in italics, in the following clause:
"For cannon, gun-carriages, and projectiles for sea-
coast defense, [onej two hundred thousand dollars."
The question was put, and the amendment was
concurred in.
The next Senate amendment in order was to
strike out the words in brackets, and insert the
words in italics in the following clause:
"For ordnance, ordnance stores, and supplies, [sixty-
five] one hundred thousand dollars."
The question was taken, and the amendment
was non-concurred in.
The next Senate amendment in order was to
strike out the sum of $28,950, in the following
clause, viz:
For repairs and improvements and new machinery at
Harper's Ferry, $28,950,"
and to insert the following in lieu thereof:
Forty-three thousand live hundred dollars; and that the
amount received from the late and future sales of Govern-
ment land pertaining to Harper's Ferry armory inay be car-
ried to the same appropriation, and applied to similar ob-
jects, under the direction of the Secretary of War, including
improvements to the streets and highways in use forarmory
purposes."
Mr. HOUSTON. The Committee on Ways
and Means recommend a disagreement to that
amendment.
Mr. FAULKNER. I simply rise to state,
Mr. Chairman, that this amendment of the Senate
does no more than carry out the recommendation
and estimate of the War Department. The Com-
mittee on Ways and Means of this House cut
down that item of appropriation from the sum of
$43,500, recommended by the Secretary of War,
to #28,900. The estimate of the Secretary of
War falls below the demand of the superintend-
ent at Harper's Ferry some $15,000. It is thus
obvious that great injustice must be done to that
branch of your public service, unless this amend-
ment of the Senate is concurred in.
Mr. LETCHER. I would be glad if my col-
league would let us know something about these
streets and highways.
Mr. FAULKNER. I will do so by proceed-
ing to explain the latter branch of the amendment.
My colleague is doubtless aware that the Govern-
ment was the owner of a considerable quantity
of land in and about Harper's Ferry. The Sec-
retary of War determined to make sale of such
portions of it as were not wanting for Govern-
ment uses. This sale took place on the first of
September last. The gross amount from sales
was $58,559 83; of which §17,822 54 was paid
into the Treasury, and $39,821 37 remains due
from purchasers. The advertising and other ex-
penses of sale amounted to $915 92.
The Secretary of War, with great propriety,
determined to invite the mechanics employed in
the armories to become purchasers of the lots,
and to acquire fixed and permanent residences
about there; and, amongst other liberal terms, al-
lowed them two years on their deferred payments
—one forty eighth part to be taken each month
out of their wages.
Now, sir, I think this money arising from the
sale of those lots may be judiciously expended,
under the direction of the Secretary of War, in
opening streets, and otherwise improving the prop-
erty retained in that place by the Government.
and higher than they could otherwise have sold,
but from the belief that a portion, at least, of the
fund would be expended in cutting streets and
roads, as to make the lots purchased available for
the purposes of building upon them. It is a small
fund for this Government to take charge of, and
coming in, as it will, in small sums, can be better
applied for the purposes of improvement there,
. by the Secretary of War, than disposed of in any
other mode.
Mr. HOUSTON. By reading the item, the
committee will see that it is of that character which
may be enlarged to any extent by those having
the armory in charge. It is for repairs and im-
provements in new machinery, and that part
makes it so objectionable that I do not see how
anybody can vote for it.
Mr. FAULKNER. The same objection would
apply to the recommendation made by the gen-
tleman himself. If a sound objection, how could
he have reported an appropriation of $28,900
under the general head of " repairs and new ma-
chinery?" But let me inquire of the honorable
gentleman if he has examined all the items as set
forth on page 257 of the estimate of the expendi-
tures of the next fiscal year?
Mr. HOUSTON. I have, sir.
Mr. FAULKNER. If the gentleman has, he
must have perceived that they are all of an indis-
pensable character, and all minutely and specific-
ally set forth, both by the superintendent of the
armory and by the Secretary of War.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment of the Senate was non-concurred in.
The Clerk read the next clause of the bill pro-
posed to be amended by the Senate, viz:
" For repairs and improvements and new machinery at
Springfield armory, $46,094: Provided, That from and after
the first day of July next, [so much of the act of Congress
approved August 23, 1842, as places the national armories
under the superintendence of an officer of the Ordnance
Corp?, be, and the same is hereby, repealed ; and from that
day the said armories shall be under that system of super-
intendence which existed prior to the passage of said act of
Congress"]—
The Senate proposed to amend this clause by
striking out the words in brackets, and inserting
in lieu thereof the following:
—"the act of Congress approved August 23, 1842, be so
modified that the President may, if in his opinion the public
interest demands it, place over any of the armories a super-,
intendent who does not belong to the Army; and in order
to enable him to decide to his satisfaction, he is hereby
authorized to cause the necessary and proper inquiries to
be instituted through the medium of a commission of civil-
ians and military men, with a view of ascertaining which
of the two systems is the more economical, efficient, and
safe for the management of the public armories, that form-
erly existing under the superintendence of civil officers,
or that now existing under the superintendence of officers
of the Ordnance Department."
Mr. HOUSTON. The Committee on Ways
and Means recommend a concurrence in theamend-
ment.
Mr. FAULKNER. I move to strike out of
the amendment the words " if in his opinion the
public interest demands it," and to insert in their
stead the word " shall."
Mr. GORMAN. I will, with the leave of the
gentleman, make a single remark. This House
has, by a majority of 25, on the call of the yeas
and nays, and after full and thorough discussion,
decided the question of the superintendenc.y of
these armories. The Senate propose, by their
amendment, the creation of a commission to result
in an additional expenditure of money, and I hope
that it will be non-concurred in.
Mr. FAULKNER. I havebutfive minutes to
address this committee upon a proposition in which
a portion of my constituents feel a deep interest. I
shall not repeat anything which I have already said
upon the general merits of the proposed change in
the administration of our armories. This House
has already announced its judgment in language
not to be mistaken. Will you stand by your con-
victions? Or will this body again, as it did in 1842,
surrender its judgment to a coordinate branch of
the Government? Twice was the effort made in
the Senate to strike out the section which received
the sanction of this House, and twice did that
effort fail. This amendment, which some very
improperly regard as a compromise, was, by a
small majority, at length passed. Now, sir, I
undertake to say, that the Senate could have
placed its opposition to the proposed change in a
less objectionable form than it has now assumed.
These lots, I am informed, sold for a high price, ! You have said that the military rule shall cease at
