990
THIS CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
submitted to Congress during the month of December in |
each year, anil shall be accompanied by a general chart of i
the whole coa-i^ of the United Slates, on as large a scale
as convenient and practicable, showing as near as pracii
cable the c infi-'iiration of the coasts, and showing by lines
the probable limits of the Gulf stream, and showing by
line* the probable limit to which the soundings of the coast
will extend, and showing by the use of colors aud explana
tions the exact portions of our casts of which complete
charts have been puhlished by the Coast Survey; also,
showing such other parts of the coasts of which the triangu
lanon, the topography, and the soundings have been com-
pleted, but not published; and also such parts of ihe coasts
of ivh'cn the triangulation and topography, or the triangu-
lation only, have been completed.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Hous-
ton's amendment, and it was agreed to.
The question was then taken upon concurring
with the Senate amendment as amended, and it
was decided in the affirmative.
So the Senate amendment as amended! was
agreed to.
Next amendment of the Senate:
:t For preservatiot^of public property and contingencies
of western river improvements, and for commutation of
transportation of baggage, aud of quarters and fuel of offi-
cers, the payment of which is no longer made by the Quar-
termaster's Department, and tor allowances to meet extra
expends under the special direction of the Secretary of
War, .$10,01)0."
Mr. HOUSTON. The Committee on Ways
and Means recommend a non-concurrence in that
amendment.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment was disagreed to.
Next amendment of the Senate:
" For repairs and preservation of public property and
contingencies of lake harbors, and for commutation of
transportai ion of baggage, aud of quarters and fuel of offi I
pers, tile payment of which is no longer made by the Quar-
ternr-i-t' r's Department, and for allowances to meet extra
jexpense* u<u!^r the special direction of the Secretary of
War, $20,0i.0.  ' ,
Mr. HOUSTON. The Cqmmittee on Ways :
and Means recommend a non.-concurrenoe jn that
amendment also.
Mr. ORR. I move to reduce the appropriation
contained in that clause one dollar; and J do it for
the purpose of inquiring of the chairman of the
Committee on Ways and Means why it is that
these payments are no longer made by the Quar-
termaster's Department ? Why is it that a change
has been made ? I
Mr. HOUSTON. Under the law of last session
for the improvementof risers and harbors, certain
■officers have been detailed for this service. It is
proposed now to separate the appropriations to
pay their expenses from the other appropriations
for the expenses of the Army.
Mr. ORR. Are they not still entitled to the 1
same rank in the Array, and is not this, in effect,
increasing the expenses of the Army proper of the
United States, or of the officers of the Army, I
without its appearing to the country ? |
Mr. HALL. To be sure it is. !
Mr. HOUSTON. That was the impression of
the Committee on Ways and Means.
Mr. TOOMBS. The committee propose to non-
concur in the amendment.
Mr. DUNHAM. The object of this amend-
ment, as 1 understand it, is this: the officers of
the Army are desirous of keeping the expenses of
the Army proper as low as possible, and when
officers are transferred to do any other duty, and
are not employed in the regular service of the '
Army, they think they ought not to be paid outof
the Army appropriation, but by a separate appro-
priation, so that those expenses may not be charged ,
to the Army proper.
Mr. HOUSTON. My friend will allow me to
say, H) this connection, that this bill appropriates,
under the head of "For transportation, fuel, and so !
forth of the Army," precisely what weappropri- !
ated last year. j
Mr. ORR. If thesp appropriations belong to
the Array, |$t them be charged properly to the
Army, ifthey do not belong to the Army, cut them
off altogether, and establish a different Depart- :
ment. !
Mr. DUNHA.M. lam opposed to strikingout ,
this amendment of the Senate. It is very true, as ■
the gentleman from Alabama has said, that we '
hare appropriated what the Army proper required [
for its annual expenses. But I think it would be j
much belter to have the appropriations to meet the
expenses of the different branches of the public !
aerviee separated, so that we may know what each '
ibrarich costs. I am, t'herefore, in favor of retain- I
ing the amendment of the Senate. [
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to call the attention
of the gentleman from Indiana to the last two
lines of this amendment, and to ask him if he
would be willing to vote for an amendment in
such language? They areas follows:
"And for allowances to meet extra expenses under the
special direction of the Secretary of War, $-20,000."
Mr. DUNHAM. I am opposed to that myself.
It is the other portion of the claim to which I re-
fer.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Orr's
amendment, and it was rejected.
The question recurred on concurring in theSen-
ate amendment.
Mr. STANLY. I presumethat this committee
will strike out this item or non-concur in it, accord-
ing to the recommendation of the Committee on
Ways and Means. But I wish, with a view of
protecting the public property, to offer an amend-
ment to strike out all after the word "harbor,"
.down to the words " Secretary of War," inclu.
sive, so as to make the clause read:
"For repairs and preservation of public property and
contingencies of lake harbors, $20,000."
I should like that motion to prevail, so that there
may be something to keep up repairs, and take
care of the public property.
Mr. HOUSTON. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman from North Carolina that we appropriated
for this very item in the river and harbor bill last
session.
The question was then taken on Mr. Stanly's
amendment, and it was rejected.
The question recurred on concurring in the
amendment of the Senate, and being put, it was
decided in the negative.
So the amendment was not concurred in.
Next amendment of the Senate:
"Repairs, preservation, and contingencies of river and
harbor improvements on the Atlantic and Gulf coasts in
charge of the Engineer Department, and to meet charges for
transportation of officers, aud for fuel and quarters, the pay-
ment of which is no longer made by the Quartermaster's
Department, and for extra allowance to meet extra expen-
ses under the special direction of the Secretary of War,
$15,000."
Mr. ORR. What do the Committee on Ways
and Means recommend ?
Mr. HOUSTON. A non-concurrence.
The question was then taken; and the amend-
ment of the Senate'Was not concurred in.
Next amendment of the Senate:
In lines three and four, in section third, insert the words
" proper and advisable," so as to make the section read:
" Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the Secretary
of War be directed to report to Congress whether, in his
opinion, it would not be more economical, proper, and ad-
visable, to cause all the arms of the United States to be
made by contract."
The question was put, and the amendment of
the Senate was agreed to.
Next amendment of the Senate:
"Sec. 4. And be it further enacted. That the provisions
of the act of Congress, passed March 3, 1819, entitled ' An
act authorizing the sale of certain military sites,' be, and
the same are hereby, extended to all military sites acquired
since the passage of the said act."
Mr. JENKINS. I am opposed to that section,
and I move to amend it by striking out the words
" extended to all military sites acquired since the
passage of the said act,"and insert in lieu thereof
the word " repealed;" so as to make it read:
" Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, Thatthe provisions
of the act of Congress, passed March 3,1819, entitled ' An
act authorizing the sale of certain military sites,' be, and
the same are hereby, repealed."
I make that motion for the purpose of opposing
the whole amendment of the Senate. Has any
gentleman examined the statute referred to in that
amendment? It is that the Secretary of War be
authorized to sell certain military sites which have
been found to be inadequate to the purposes for
which they were designed. Doubtless when that
act was passed there was before Congress a full
and complete report of the particular military
sites contemplated as having been found perfectly
useless. But how is it now ? Is any gentleman
here prepared to rise in his place, and point out
the particular fortifications or military posts which
it is proposed to sell ? Are we to legislate blind-
folded here? Are we to place ample power—I
might almost say legislative power—in the hands
of the Secretary of War to authorize him to sell
every fortification that we have in the United
States ?
Mr, FULLER, of Maine. I can name three
military sites on the northeastern frontier which
are useless to the Government.
Mr. JENKINS. Then let the gentleman intro-
duce a bill specifying them. I am at a loss to
imagine under what influences the Senate were
acting when they passed this amendment. I ask
this House seriously, are they prepared to author-
ize the Secretary of War, at his discretion, to sell
every military post at private sale, wherever he
pleases, when he pleases,and to whom hepleases?
It seems to me that the House cannot be prepared
for such a thing. It seems to me that this House
should judge for itself, upon the reports made and
the facts spread before it, what military posts
shall be sold and what shall not be sold. I hope,
therefore, that the amendment of the Senate will
be voted down. I know that if we had time to
discuss it, it would be voted down. I am satisfied
that the Committee on Ways and Means would
never have acquiesced in it if they had looked at
it in all its breadth. It is a most important amend-
ment, and there should be no question, in my
k opinion, about striking it from the bill.
Mr. TOOMBS. I am opposed to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from New York, because I
want to strike out the whole section. There is a
law authorizing the sale of certain abandoned for-
tifications. This amendment authorizes the Sec-
retary of War to sell any fortification. We have
now, during the last ten or fifteen years, expended
millions of the public money to erect fortifications,
and the next movement of the Senate is to author-
ize the Secretary of War to sell, without any in-
quiry, at his own option, to whom he please, mil-
lions of public property—fortifications upon the
frontier or anywhere else. Now, that is most un-
reasonable and quite out of the question. Congress
itself ought to determine when it is necessary to
sell fortifications and when they shall be sold. The
clause is too general, and we had better get rid of it
altogether.
Mr. PHELPS. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the words " acquired since
the passage of the said act," and I do it for the
purpose of reading to the committee the section of
the act of 1819, to which this clause refers I am
satisfied that when the gentleman from Georgia
hears it, he will not insist on his objection. The
act of 3d March, 1819, is as follows:
" That the Secretary of War be, and he is hereby, au-
thorized, under the direction of the President of the United
States, to cause to be sold such military sites belonging tj
the United States as may hare been found, or may have
become useless for military purposes. And the Secretary
of War is hereby authorized, on payment of the considera-
tion agreed for into the Treasury of the United States, to
make, execute, and deliver all needful instruments convey-
ing and transferring the same, and the fee or jurisdiction
which has been specially ceded for military purposes to the
United States, and so forth."
That is the act of 1819. Now, it is oftentimes
the case that military posts become useless. Take,
for instance, the military posts reserved on the
frontier. As settlements go in advance of those
military stations, it is right that they should be
disposed of. If the gentleman from Georgia is
unwilling to trust the President of the United
States and the Secretary of War with the dis-
cretion given them by this section, then amend it,
and provide that the sit* shall be sold to the high-
est bidder upon given notice.
Mr. JENKINS. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him a question? Is there any report show-
ing what military posts should be discontinued?
Upon what information is this amendment based ?
Mr. PHELPS. I know of no report showing
what military sites are useless. But gentlemen
have told me—and I know it to be true—that sev-
eral have been abandoned, and it is probable, in-
deed it is absolutely certain, that if the Territory
of Nebraska should be established, and that region
of country become settled, the military sites in
that region would become unnecessary. Port
Leavenworth should be abandoned, and there are
other forts upon our frontier which will be ren-
dered useless as soon as the country in their neigh-
borhood becomes settled. Some of them have
been abandoned already by the Governmentof the
United States. We have thought, therefore, that
in cases like these, where our military posts have,
by reason of settlement in their neighborhood, or
from other cause, become useless to the Govern-
ment, that it would be better to allow the sites to be
sold to the highest bidder. There is no way for
the Congress of the United States to arrive at a de-
termination as to what posts have become useless,
