THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
S9d Cowtun, So Shiior.
WEDNESDAY, MARCH 2, 1853.
New Series No. 63.
Mr. BELL. I offer the following amendment
by way of an addition to the section:
Provided further, That aH persons that have been en-
gaged la the aiKtarjr or naval service of the United States,
io any of the Indian wars since 1790, or ia the war of 1613
with Greet Britaia, or in detain of the coast or frontiers j
aader national. Stale, or territorial authority, shall, in like !
saaaner, have all and like benefits of all acts of Congress
la Avor of troops encaged in the war with Mexico, so far
a* applicable in the grants of bounty lands, and in case of
death of the person performing service, the descent of the
right thereaf ta each laad.
Mr. HIBBARD. I submit the amendment is
oat of order, being irrelevant to the subject under
consideration.
TheCHAlRMAN. The Chair rules the amend-
ment to be out of order.
Mr. BELL. I appeal from the decision of the
Chair. I will not make a speech, but merely sub-
mit the grounds of the appeal. The amendment
of the Senate before the committee, of course must
be in order. It provides for a class of persons
heretofore unprovided for by law, and my amend-
ment simply makes provision for the extension of
the benefits of the act to another class; and, if it
is not in order, I do not know what is.
Mr. HIBBARD. Both amendments change
the law, and the Senate amendment would not be
in order were it offered to the bill in this commit-
tee.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
that the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio
changes the general law on bounty lands, and,
therefore, rules it to be out of order. An appeal
is taken from the decision of the Chair, and the
question now ia, '• Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the committee ?"
Mr. BELL. I withdraw the appeal.
Mr. HIBBARD. I hope that the committee
will not concur in the amendment of the Senate.
It will be remembered, Mr. Chairman, and I have
only a word to say, that the other day a bill passed
the Hoase of Representatives allowing credit to
John C. Fremont, in his accounts with the Gov-
ernment,, for §19,500. It was all that the House
at that time thought proper to do. A proposition
was brought forward to give credit to the amount
of certain drafts drawn on the Government, but
the House refused to acknowledge their validity,
and property as a majority thought, and as 1 be-
lieved, but they supposed that something might
be due, and alloyed him, as I have stated, a credit
for f19,500. That bill went to the Senate, and
instead of acting on-ft, with that kind of disregard
for oar legislation which nfraracttrteaa thank—--1.
Mr. DEAN. I call the, geptleman to order. . ,
Mr. HIBBARD. I have said all I desired to
•ay. They propose to allow this in addition to
what was adopted by the House.
Mr. PHELPS. By the bill we passed the other
day the sum of J19,500 was directed to be paid to
Colonel Fremont and charged to his account, that
being the amount of four drafts which he drew on
the Secretary of State, and which the Secretary
refused to accept. At that time reference was
made to a board of officers appointed under the
provisions of the Army appropriation bill passed
at the last session of Congress. That board of
officers reported that-there was the sum of $31,000,
specified in this amendment, which they believed
was just and ought to be paid. The sum speci-
fied in this bill stands upon the same footing as
those other items, being for supplies furnished
troops engaged in the military Service of the
country,
Mr. TOOMBS. I will ask the gentleman if
this is anything more that a private claim ?
Mr. PHELPS. So, then, is any claim. -
Mr. TOOMBS. Such claims should not be in-
troduced into a general appropriation bill.
Mr. PHELPS. So you might say of a section
which was inserted in an appropriation bill pro-
viding for the payment to Virginia for the militia
called into the service of the country;—that was
but a private claim.
Mr. CLEVELAND. I am opposed to the
amendment. I wish to make an appeal to the
committee to do one thing. Unless we take the
63
advice of the chairman of the Committee on Ways
and Means, we shall never dispose of the business
before the committee and the House. Is it not
the safest course for us to pursue, to take the ad-
vice of the Committee on Ways and Means, ap-
prove what they approve, ana reject what they
reject, and let the Committee of Conference settle
the matter between the two Houses?
Mr. PHELPS. 1 will withdraw the amend-
ment.
The question was then taken, and the Senate's
amendment was not agreed to.
The next amendment of the Senate was then
read, as follows;
" Sec. 12. And be it further enacted, That the Secretary
of War cause to be paid, out of an y money in the Treasury
not •otherwise appropriated, to Richard B. Lee, late com-
missary of the Pacific division of the Army, the sum of
$1,175, with interest from the 9th of June, lii50, being for
money lost in being transported fiom Honolulu to San Fran-
cisco, under his charge, and for which be has accounted to
the Department, and which sum includes the expenses in-
curred in efforts to recover the same."
Mr. HOUSTON. The Committee on Ways
and Means recommend a non-concurrence in that
amendment.
Mr. WEIGHTMAN. I propose to reduce the
amount one dollar. I simply wish to state that I
know something about this claim. I know that
it was thoroughly investigated, and voted upon
favorably by a committee of the Senate. This
officer was charged with this amount. He came
up here and settled it with the Treasury of the
United States, and then came to Congress for re-
lief, although it was clear that he was not justly
accountable. He sent his money as freight, the
only way he had for transporting the money, and
it was lost. He took every means to recover it,
but failing to do bo, he settled up the account, pay-
ing up to the last cent, and he now cornea to Con-
gress for relief.
Mr. VENABLE. Has he not a private bill
before Congress for this claim ?
Mr. WEIGHTMAN. He has. The Senate
has once passed it and put it in this bill.
Mr. HOUSTON. There is a private bill upon
the calendar forthis claim. As I understand it, he
sent the money by a vessel. The captain of the
▼easel took it and gambled it off. .
The question was taken upon Mr. Weiqhtman's
amendment, and it was not agreed to.
The question was then taken on concurring in
the Senate amendment, and it was decided in the
negative.
So thf  ^uute amendment wasnot agreed to.
i The next amendanent of the Senate was then
read ad follows: .
" Bsc. 13. Jtnd be it farther enacted, That for the set-
tlement of the remaining unpaid claims of the State of
Georgia and Alabama for advances made in suppressing In-
dian hostilities, the Secretary of the Treasury pay to the
State of Georgia her claims now remaining unpaid for
moneys paid by the Stale in suppressing hostilities of the
Cherokee, Creek, and Seminole Indians, in the year 1836,
anil sinee, upon proof that the same was paid by the State;
, and that the provisions of the act of Congress relative to the
! settlement of the claims of Georgia for military services, ap-
! proved March 3,1851, be extended to the payments to be
' made under this act. And that the Secretary of the Treas-
I ury pay to the State of Alabama, under the provisions of
! the acts of Congress of 16th August, 1842, and the 26th
January, 1849, the balance due the said State growing out
of the Creek Indian hostilities of 1836 and 1837: Provided^
Proof is made that said State advanced in good faith the
amount claimed."
Mr. ORR. What do the, Committee on Ways
and Means recommend?
Mr. HOUSTON. The committee recommend
a non-concurrence in that amendment.
The question was taken, and the Senate amend-
ment was not agreed to.
The next amendment of the Senate was then
read as follows:
"Sec. 14. Jlnibeit further enacted, That whenever any
lieutenant of the Corps of Engineers, Corps of Topograph-
leal Engineers, or Ordnance Corps, shall have served four-
teen years continuous service as lieutenant, be shall be
promoted to die rank of captain: Provided, That the whole
number of officers ia either of said corps shall not be in-
creased beyond the number now fixed by law: -and pro-
vided further, That no officer shall be promoted before those
who rank bim in his corps."
Mr. HOUSTON. The Committee on Ways
and Means recommend a non-concurrrence in that
amendment.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I move to strike out
the proviso. I regret very much that the Com-
mittee on Ways and Means thought it their duty
to recommend a non-concurrence in that amend-
ment of the Senate. I have taken the trouble to
I investigate the case with a good deal of care, as
some other members of the House have also, and
j I afn satisfied that the amendment of the Senate
ought to be adopted by this House. I have not the
time to state more than a very few facts. The aver-
age period of promotion to captaincies in the line of
the Army is less than twelve years. The average
period of promotion to captaincy in the three corps
provided for by this amendment is nearly eighteen
years.
I knew an officer of the Corps of Engineers)
who served in the Mexican war, mentioned hon-
orably in the reports of all the commanding officers
under whom he served, that was outranked in the
Army by another officer whom he had taught at
West Point, and who entered the Academy after
he had graduated. That is the way the thing
works, practically. They are required to grad-
uate at or near the head of their respective classes,
in order to receive commissions in these important
corps. The effect of the present system is, that
. instead of giving the promotion from lieutenant to
captain after a reasonable period of service, they
; an doomed still to remain lieutenants, while those
\ who are assigned to the regiments of the line soon
outrank them-in the Army; There are also sixty-
seven commissions in the ganisral staff which are
given exclusively to officers of the line of the
Army and from which these corps ore eieluded.
The effect of the adoption of the amendment of
the Senate will be to allow officers of these three
corps, after having served fourteen years consecu-
tively as lieutenants, to be promoted to the rank of
captain.
I will add one more fact: that many ofths
officers of these three corps, (as I am informed
I from a very high and authentic source,) ranking as
first and even second lieutenants, are now, and have
long been, assigned to duties usually performed by
captains and majors. These are some of the rea-
sons, in brief, why the amendment of the Senate
I should be adopted.
In these remarks I am far from intending any
disparagement of the services rendered by the
officers in other branches of the service; on the
oontrary, I look upon this measure as one of sim-
ple juSttce-Huitkae such a* I would gladlysee ren-
dered " aH nroparaaethed* those.who availed
upon to endure the privation# and exposures of
frontier life, in a service'quite too thankless and.
ill-paid. Let all have justice and liberal treatment,
and as a step towards this, let the present amend-
ment be passed.
Mr. RIDDLE. I am opposed to the proposition-
offered by my friend from Kentucky, [Mr, Brece*
ikridgb,] because I am in favor of the amendment
as it was passed unanimously by the Senate. I
am in favor of it, because I am unwilling that the
Congress of the United States shall.maintain an in-
stitution for the education of our military men,
which shall offer them inducements 
Mr. SKELTON. I rise to a question of order,
that the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Breckin-
ridge] has argued the same side of the question
which the gentleman from Delaware [Mr. Riddle}
ie arguing.
Mr. RIDDLE. Not at all. I am opposing
hismotion. Under the laws ofthe institution which
we have established for the education of our mili-
tary men, the few who graduate at or near the head
of their classes, are placed in the Topographical,'
Engineer, and Ordnance Corps. They stuav and.
labor day and night for these positions. What is
the experience of these men now? The Army rolls
show that after they have attained the highest
honors of the Academy, they find thatthe inevita-
ble fate that awaits them, is to remain lieutenants
some eighteen or twenty years. I think the bill as
it has passed thc tisnate a moderate and reason-
