994
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
able one, and hare no doubt but that it will be so
considered by a large majority of this House.
This is the case slated in a few words, and the
amendment of the Senate merely provides that
they shall be placed upon the same footing as
those who graduate below them. Now, I say
that if the House are determined to vote down
this amendment, they had better abolish the West
Point Academy at once.
Mr.BRECKINRIDGE. I withdrawmyamend-
ment; the proviso is rieht.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I move to strike out
the entire section.
The CHAIRMAN. That is not in order.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Then I move, pro forma,
to strike out the last proviso.
Mr. Chairman, the amendment which is pro-
posed by the Senate, while it may do justice to
one portion of the Army does gross injustice to
another. I have no doubt that some proposition
might be brought forward that would do justice
to all. It is true, as stated by the gentleman from
Kentucky, [Mr. Breckinridge,] that those who
graduate at the head of their classes are placed in
the particular corps provided for by the amend-
ment. But they receive more pay than those who
enter the other arm of the service. There is !
another difference. Those who enter these corps
have lighter duties to perform, for those other
corps are sent upon our frontiers and do active
duty. If, after awhile, they receive promotion
in their line, it is wrong to take it away when
they receive it for services thus rendered for less
pay than the others, and place the others above
them in rank. If a provision of this sort is adopt-
ed, it ought to be one that would confer rank alike
upon all. You ought not to legislate exclusively
for those who are in the corps provided for in the
amendment. You will find that these particular
corps are the ones sought after by all the graduates
at the Academy. The others do active duty and
receive less pay. This amendment provides for
two or three corps, and leaves the others unpro-
vided. That is wrong and unjust, and I am there-
fore opposed to the section as it now stands.
Mr. WILCOX. Mr. Chairman, having har-
monized with my friend from Illinois upon so
many questions during the present Congress, it is
a matter of regret with me to differ from him in
his views upon this subject. I am, sir, in favor
of concurring in the Senate's amendment. I will
give briefly my reasons. It will be seen by refer-
ence to the official Army Register for 1852, that
the senior lieutenant of the Corps of Engineers has
been already fifteen years and ten months a lieu-
tenant; the senior lieutenant of Topographical
Engineers, nineteen years and ten months; the
senior lieutenant of the Ordnance, sixteen years
and ten months. Now, sir, you will discover that
seventeen years and six months is the average
time these officers have served as lieutenants, to
which must be added the average time they will
stand at this point before a vacancy occurs advan-
cing them to the rank of a captain. From an ex-
amination of the Army Register, this period has
been found to be about two years. So you will
see, sir, at the time of their promotion they will
have served nineteen and a half years. They
were from twenty-one to twenty-four years old
when they entered the service, and will therefore be
forty-two years of age before they reach the rank
of captain. Now, I would appeal to the chivalry
of the gentleman from Illinois, and ask him if it
can be possible, after this showing, he can oppose
the amendment?
Of the young men who graduate at West Point,
only those are selected for these corps who grad-
uate at or near the head of their classes. The
duties of these corps are of a scientific character,
and in the hour of danger there is no branch of
the service in greater demand than these. Your
generals and commanders-in-chief stand still until
the whereabouts of the enemy is ascertained by
these corps. Yes, Bir, these are they who, with
glass in hand, sally forth and take reconnoissances
of the enemy, ascertaining the strength of their po-
aitions, fortifications, and numbers; and from their
reports your generals are informed when, where
and how to strike. Again, sir, your lakes, har-
bors, and rivers are surveyed by these corps, and
some of the richest contributions have been made
to the scientific department of the Government in
their topographical researches.
But the gentleman from Illinois says that this
amendment will do injustice to other corps of the
Army. Not at all, sir. It will be seen by refer-
ence to the report of the Military Committee of the
Senate, that the promotion enjoyed by the officers
of the line has been more rapid than that of these
corps. The law giving to the line exclusive pro- I
motion into thegeneral staff of the Army being of i
recent date, the graduates of the Military Academy
have no reason to anticipate the comparative want
of promotion on their entering the three staff corps,
for which they were recommended by their class
! rank. The promotion enjoyed by the medical staff
of the Army depends on their length of service—
they being promoted by law to the rank and pay of
captains after five years'service. On the same
principle, the Senate's amendment gives promo-
tion to the rank of captain after a service of four-
teen years. Why not five years also? The na-
ture of the duties performed by the officers of the
corps named in the amendment does not depend
upon the rank of those officers, as it does in the
line. Although there are three cases in which of-
ficers of the line have served fourteen years, and
continued to serve as lieutenants, those are but ex-
ceptions to the rule. In examining the Army
Register it will be seen that of those three excep-
tions, one has enjoyed for several years the rank
and pay of a captain in the general staff.
Moreover, while these three exceptions exist,
it should be remembered that even they have had
and continue to have chances for promotion to the
general staff, (in addition to their regular promo-
tion in the line,) but have been excluded from
those advantages by the promotion thereto of
other officers ot the line, much their juniors in the
service, for reasons best known to the appointing '
power. So that there exists some instances of j
officers of the line having been promoted to the J
full rank of captain in the staff after six years' j
service, and to the full rank of major after seven 1
years' service.
Such cases of a rapid promotion cannot occur
in the Corps of Engineers, Topographical Engi-
neers, and Ordnance, even after the passage of the
Senate's amendment, as the officers of those corps
are by law excluded from enjoying such promotion
to the general staff. Letters written by several
first lieutenants of the line state that they have no
objection to the adoption of this amendment, and
that they knowof none which could be entertained
by the line, as their interests would not in any way
be injured thereby. But, sir, I understand that an '
effort will be made to amend the Senate's amend-
ment by extending it to the line. I hope this will
not be done, as any attempt of that sort may defeat
it. In its present form it has been fully and care-
fully considered in all its bearings by the Mili-
tary Committees of the House and Senate, and by
them approved and urged in its limited applica-
tion to the three corps named.
Whilst it would gratify the gentlemen of these
corps to have the amendment so extended as to '
include the officers of the line, if any of them
could derive any advantage from it, or to bestow ,|
any other reasonable privileges on them not now i
enjoyed by them, or by the officers of the three |
staff corps, they would regret to have it now at- 1
tempted, as the Military Committees of the House
and Senate have both made objections to anv such
amendment, and thus the bill may be (Jefeated to
the injury of these corps. Among the objections
raised by the committees is the difficulty that
would arise in the line should there happen to be
more captains in a regiment than there are com-
panies to be commanded—an objection that can-
not apply to any of the three corps named in the
Senate amendments. But, sir, I have heard it in-
timated that none of these officers were wounded
in the service. This, sir, is calculated to injure
the reputation of these corps and defeat the amend-
ment. I have also heard it said that if any were
wounded, a fewer number were than any other
corps. This, sir, is as equally untrue as the first
intimation, and argues a great want of informa-
tion as to the history of the war with Mexico.
What, sir, is the fact of the case? Here it is:
Captain Swift, died from exposure at the siege of Vera
Cruz.
Colonel Mansfield, severely wounded at the storming of
Monterey.
Colonel Lee, wounded at the attack on Chapultepec.
Colonel Mason, severely wounded at Molino del Rey.
Captain Benham, wounded at Buena Vista.
Major Beaurgard, wounded at the Belin gate, city of
Mexico.
Major Tower, wounded in the battle of Chapultepec.
Captain Foster, severely wounded at Molino del Rpy.
Major Stevens, wounded near San Cosma, city of Mex-
ico.
Topographical Engineers.
Captain Williams, killed in the advance upon Monterey.
Lieutenant Blake, killed with his own pistol tile day after
the battle of Palo Alto.
Lieutenant Colonel Johnson, severely wounded twice
at Cerro Gordo, and again at the attack on the city of
Mexico.
Lieutenant Bryan, wounded at Buena Vista.
Lieutenant Derby, severely wounded at Cerro Gordo.
Ordnance.
Major George Taleott, wounded at Molino del Rey.
Captain Caliender, severely wounded at the battle of
Contreras.
Captain Reno, wounded at the battle of Chapultepec.
Now, sir, it is shown that about one half of the
officers of these corps that were in the field were
wounded, and nearly one fifth of the whole corps;
but I will not detain the committee, believing, as I
do, that they will, with great unanimity, sustain
the amendment.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. STANLY. I propose a substitute for the
amendment of the Senate by way of amendment.
It has been carefully prepared after two weeks'
examination of the subject, and has received the
sanction of a good many gentlemen who are earn-
est advocates of the Senate amendment.
Mr. MEADE. I desire to move to amend the
Senate amendment before any substitute is offered.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Read the substitute.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Meade] proposes toamend the Senate
amendment before the question is taken upon the
substitute. He has a right to do so.
Mr. STANLY. I only ask to have my sub-
stitute read.
The Clerk then read the substitute proposed by
Mr. Stanly, which is as follows:
Be it further enacted, That whenever any lieutenant in
the Corps of Engineers, Topographical Engineers, or Ord-
nance, of the regiments of dragoons, mounted riflemen, ar-
tillery, or infantry, shall have served fourteen years contin-
uous service as lieutenant, he shall be promoted to the rank
of captain: ProvUed, That the whole number of officers in
either of said corps or regiments shall not be increased be-
yond the number now fixed by law : Jini provided further,
That no officer shall be promoted before those who rank
him in his corps or regiment, and that the regimental offi-
cers thus advanced may, according to the exigencies of the
service, be required to perform duty according to the rank
given them in their former commissions as lieutenants until
they shall succeed by promotion to companies agreeably to
the organization prescribed by law.
Mr. MEADE. I move to amend the Senate
amendment by striking out " fourteen," and in-
serting in lieu thereof " thirteen."
I do not wish, Mr. Chairman, to repeat to the
House the facts which have been stated by the
gentlemen who have preceded me in this debate.
But they are facts that cannot be denied. That
these men are selected for their studious habits,
their information and ability, and the grade in
which they stand in our military school, nobody
can question. Moreover, it is a known fact that
many of those who have graduated at or near the
foot of their classes, frequently approach those
who graduated with the first honors, and boasted
that in a few years they would rank them in the
Army. Now, there must be gross injustice to
produce such results. A premium is in fact of-
fered to the boys to be indolent and idle away their
time, and graduate at the foot of their class, while
those who are disposed to be studious and perse-
vere with energy are discouraged by a foreknowl-
edge of the injustice that awaits them.
Mr. Chairman, I shall oppose the substitute
offered by the gentleman from North Carolina,
[Mr. Stanly,] and shall endeavor to show that
the object of H is to deprive the officers of these
corps of the benefit intended to be conferred upon
them by this amendment of the Senate. I shall,
however, reserve what I have to say upon it for
another occasion.
Mr. STANLY. They do not think so.
Mr. MEADE. Yes, they do think so. The
gentleman is mistaken.
Mr. STANLY. No, I am not.
Mr. MEADE. I think I can convince the gen-
tleman, when the proper time arrives, that he is
mistaken.
But, sir, it has been stated in the course of this
debate, that these officers prefer the corps to
which they belong. That is true, and it is so be-
cause the duties are of a scientific character, and
