1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
995
give them an opportunity of prosecuting their j
studies. Would you punish that feeling by deny- Ji
inff them promotion > But because the duties are
scientific, do gentlemen suppose that the services
which these corps rendered on the frontier of
Texas and New Mexico, in running the boundary
line, were not arduous duties and sometimes in-
volving life and death ? These officers are always
•elected when lines and national boundaries are to
be ascertained and fixed. l -was because these
corps csn best perform the highest duties known
to our service. And are we to permit them to re-
main always oppressed with a sense of the in-
justice and partiality of their country ? What can
be more disoouraginsr to an honorable and sensitive
mind than this? There are captains now in the
Army whose commissions as lieutenants were
several years subsequent to the date of the com-
missions of lieutenants now in these corps. There
are second lieutenants in these corps, whose com-
missions are older than the commissions, as second
lieutenants, of men who are now captains in the
Army. I ask this committee, then, if some remedy
is not required for the injustice done to these offi-
cers, who are an honor to the service and are con-
spicuous for their ability and attainments ?
Mr. RICHARDSON. The gentleman has in-
stituted a comparison growing out of the war
through which we have just passed. Now, it is a
fact, with which the gentleman ought to be familiar,
that promotion took place more rapidly_ during ;
the war with Mexico in the corps not provided for i|
in this amendment than in those corps. There lies
the whole difficulty under which the gentleman is
laboring, and there is none other but that.
Mr. MEADE. I would ask the gentleman if
there are not sixty-nine commissions in the gen-
eral staff, to which lieutenants of the line are ad-
mitted,and from which lieutenants of these corps
are excluded?
Mr. RIC HA RDSON. The remedy which the
eeiulemaA proposes to apply is not the correct one. ,
If the lieutenants of these corps are cut off from
promotion to these captaincies, why does he not
bring forward a proposition to remedy that injus-
tice? This is certainly not the proper remedy.
The gentleman supposes that those who gradu-
ate with the first honors of the institution are
forced to take position.in these corps. That is not
correct. None of them get positions, unless there
are vacancies. But those who graduate with the
highest honors get the first vacancies, while those
who graduate lower down have to wait until other
vacancies occur.
Mr. MEADE. The gentleman is mistaken in
regard to a point of fact. These men are selected (
in consequence of their attainments to fill the
place* in these corpa. And.moreover, the gentle-;
man must bear in ratnd -that from the time th*
student enters that school he is bound to serve hu
country eight years, and no doubt whin he is se-
lected for any position, it would Be dishonorable
for him to decline to accept the service assigned to
^Mr. RICHARDSON. I could satisfy the gen-
tleman by turning to the records in these cases,
that some who graduate with the highest honors
do not go in these corps; and why? Because
there are vacancies in other corps to which they
succeed. There is the difficulty under which the
gentleman seems to be laboring. He seems to
think it is encouraging these boys to idle away
their time. Not at alL They enter the different
branches of the Army,and you should allow them
an equal chance of promotion with others, and not
exclude them from all hope of promotion. I de-
sire not only to do justice to these boys, but do
justice to all. I think you should encourage others
to enter the Army and allow them some hope of
PrMr°t,MELA.DE. I will withdraw my amend-
ment, if there be no objection.
There was no objection, and the amendment
was withdrawn.
Mr. STANLY. I now offer my amendment;
I more the following, viz:
And be it further enacted, That whenever any lieotea-
ant of the Corps of Engineer*, Topographical Engineers, or
Ordnance, or of the regiments of dragoons, mounted rifle-
men, artillery, or infantry, shall have served fourteen year*
continuous service as lieutenant, he sbaH be promoted t6
toe rank of captain : Provided, That the *hoIe number of
officers in either of the said corps or regiments shall not be
increased beyond the number now fixed by law: And vro-
rlied further. That no officer shall be promoted before those
who rank him in his corps or regiment; and that the regi-
mental officers thus advanced may, according to the exi-
gencies of the service, be required to perform duty according
to the rank given them in their former commissions as
lieutenants, unlit they shall succeed by promotion to com-
panies, agreeably to the organization prescribed by law.
Mr. Chairman, I was in favor of this provision
as it came from the Senate. It passed the Senate
unanimously daring the last session, and has again
passed unanimously this.
Mr. HALL. Does the gentleman offer this as
a substitute for the Senate amendment?
Mr. STANLY. I do.
Mr. HALL. I desire to offer an amendment to .
the original amendment. .]
Mr. STANLY. The gentleman can offer his j
amendment after I have made my remarks.
I object to the amendment made in the Senate
to this Army bill, fbr it is partial and unjust. I i
was in favor of it until I examined it ana heard
arguments in its favor from some of those who
were interested, and from their arguments I be-
came convinced it was unjust.
The amendment I have offered has been pre-
pared after great labor and careful investigation,
and is admitted to be just by those of the Engi-
neer Corps with whom 1 have conversed, and mem-
bers of the Senate and House. The complaint
on the part of the officers of the Engineer, Topo-
graphical, and Ordnance Corps, whoareto be bene-
fited by this amendment oftheSenhte, is, thatoffi-
cere in the infantry, &c., are promoted faster than
they. This has been owing, in a great degree, if
not altogether, to the disasters in the Mexican
war.
I do not impeach the gallantry of those now
asking this special favor. No doubt they would
fight, and have fought when duty required it, as
well as any others, but it was the fortune of
the officers of the line to be more exposed; more
of them were killed, and of course promotion came
faster.
I had prepared an amendment some days ago,
which was objected to because it would make
more captains than there were companies. The
amendment I now submit obviates that difficulty.
It will do justice to all; not only to those who
are in the discharge of pleasant duties, but to
those on your frontiers, among the Camanche and
other Indian tribes, or in the pestilential swamps
of the extreme southwestern country. I object
not to the promotion of those now benefited
by the action of the Senate. I can appreciate a
soldier's desire to be promoted. But as a mem-
ber of Congress, I feel anxious to have no fa-
vorites—no one or two preferred to others—no
yielding to improper or indelicate personal solicit-
ation. I do not think a soldier who gets promo-
tion by lobbying, by asking members of Congress
' to take care of those in and about Washington
city, and leave Others to take care of themselves,
i§ ceding promotion is becomes a soldier.
Before the Mexican War, as I learti, there were
persons in the infantry and artillery who had been
lieutenants nearly twenty years. ' They, never
came forward, and .indelicately thrust themselves
on us in this Hall, and begged the passage of a
bill for their benefit. No; to their honor be it
spoken, I know of no instance in which any offi-
cer of the infantry, artillery, or dragoons has asked
promotion in this way, or who has taken any steps
to interfere even with this unjust measure. But it
is our duty to do equal justice to all. _ I object to
' any special privileges. 1 object to giving exclu-
sive favors to those who gain it by following the
advice of Sir Pertinax Mac Sycophant—very few,
indeed—but yet there are such cases. I only honor
those who, by diligence and strict attention to their
not always the most meritorious. It was made to
I check the presumptuous spirit of those who were
! disposed, I thought, to boast of it. Those who
avoid black marks at West Point deserve to grad-
uate with honor. They ought to be taught, how-
ever, to seek promotion by fair means, and not by
lobbying, and improper personal appeals, and un-
fair representations.
I have said that it was the luck of those who
were in the infantry and artillery to get promotion,
because so many of their officers were killed. I
have a statement before me which proves my re-
mark was correct. I will read the statement, as
follows:
Statement of camalties in the present regmdr establish-
ment, during the years 1846 and 1847.*
1846—Officers of the line killed in battle, and died of
wounds   25
" Topographical Engineers, 8cc., 8te., &c  1
1847—Officers of the line killed in battle, and died of
wounds 40
" General staff.  1
" Surgeon  1
68
1846 and 1847—Wounded inoflicers of the line 114
" " Officers of general staff and staff corps.. 14
Now, sir, I think this proves I am correct. If
men are promoted for civil services alone, it
would be fair to promote those who have fought
gallantly by the side of comrades killed in battle.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi. I am opposed
to the amendment of the gentleman from North
Carolina, [Mr. Stanly,] for several reasons, all
of which I cannot have the time nor opportunity
to state at large in a five-minutes'speech. I think
it is true, as has been stated, that those corps are
composed of those who have graduated at your,
military schools with the highest honors. I desire
to state this in confirmation of what the gentle-
man from Virginia [Mr. Meade] has said. It is
true that those who graduate with the first honors
have been placed in these corps, and it is for that
very reason that this policy which the Govern-
ment has heretofore pursued, places a premium
upon slothfulness and idleness, and I was almost
going to say, upon a want of intellect. I chanced,
some years ago, to be upon a board of examination
at the West Point Academy. There was a boy
there who, from his intelligence, it was apparent,
could have graduated with the first honors, cer-
tainly with the second, if he had chosen, but
who graduated lower down. As his friend, I
asked himwhy he did not dp it. He said he did
not desire it, because it would place hitn in a corps i
where there was no chance for promotion? when he
entered the Army he wanted to rise above the rank
of lieutenant in some reasonable, time, but there'
was not a possibility of promotion in these corps.
The gentleman talks-about not getting black
marks, and about these men being chosen for their
peculiar fitness for their vocation, as the reason
why those who graduate with the highest honors
are placed in these Engineer Corps. Sir, these
students at West Point do not graduate upon that
principle. Not at all. Those who graduatewith
the highest honors, do it because they excel in the -
different branches of learning, and not because of
their peculiar fitness for the stations for which
they are selected. That is what puts them in the
first class. But in your official report in relation
to these Engineer Corps, you find—what? You
find that the senior-lieutenant of the Corps of En-
gineers has been already fifteen years and tea
months.a lieutenant; th« •eelorJieutenaat qf the
Topographical Engi t er . # thetero yearn aad tea
months a lieutenant; and'the senior lieutenant of
the Ordnance, sixteen years and ten months a
lieutenant. Thus seventeen years and six months
is the average time they have already served ■
as lieutenants. Now, why is this? If they be-
long to the same corps, and perform the same
sort of gallant service, why not give them an
equal chance of preferment? Thegentleman from
Indiana tells us that the same kind of service does
not attach to these different corps; that the three
corps I have named do not perform as gallant ser-:
vice as those in other branches of the Army.
Now, I undertake to say that any one who knows
anything about this matter, knows that the offi-
cers of these corps perform as gallant and distin-
guished service as is performed by the officer*'
attached to the artillery, infantry, or dragoons,
and they should certainly have an equal chance
of promotion.
" The position of the second lieutenants of.these corps
can be shown to be even more discouraging than appears
by the foregoing statement.
"The senior first lieutenants of artillery now average
twelve years seven months as lieutenants.
" The senior first lieutenants of infantry now average ten
years eleven months as lieutenants.
"The senior first lieutenants of dragoons now average
ten years ten months as lieutenants."-—See Army Register
of 185-2.
[Here the hammer fell.}
Mr. MEADE. I wish to amend the original
section. I move to strike out this proviso to that
section.
