996
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
The CHAIRMAN. That amendment has al-
ready been moved by the gentleman from Ken-
tucky.
Mr. MEADE. But withdrawn.
The CHAIRMAN. Then the gentleman is in
order.
Mr. MEADE. Mr. Chairman, I desire to
draw the attention of the Committee to one fact
connected with the Senate amendment. The pas-
sage of that amendment does not, by any means,
involve a change in the organization of the Army.
It is not necessary, because you promote a lieu-
tenant to the rank of captain, that you should in-
crease the Army by giving a company to each
captain. These captains have no companies to
command. They are made captains on account
of theservices they have performed, and on account
of their capacity and scientific attainments.
The captains provided for by this bill are all
lieutenants above fourteen years' standing, who
are then made captains, but without companies, ;
for they are unnecessary in these corps. I admit
there is an increase of captains, but no increase of
the number of officers, for it is provided in this
section, that these promotions shall not affect the
number of officers commissioned in either of said
corps; and though you should make all of them
captains, you cannot increase the number of offi-
cers. I will admit the fact that the substitution
amounts to no increase. There is a provision
that there shall be no promotion at all, unless
there is a resignation, death, or removal. And if
you limit the number of captains, what matters it
whether he serves fourteen or twenty years ? He
cannot be a captain, as the places are already
filled.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. VENABLE. I am opposed to the amend-
ment, and to all amendments which may be offered
to the amendment of the Senate. i
I understand this whole question to be simply '
this: There is a class of officers belonging to the !
Engineer and Ordnance Corps who are not con-
nected with the promotion in the line. They are
young men, who have graduated with high dis-
tinction in the classes to which they belonged.
They are engaged in a service which is as im-
portant as the line of the Army. They prepare
for and render successful the operations of the
advanced corps, and they are as essential to the
success of the Army as any other part of it.
All they ask is simple justice; that, while they
are devoted for a series of years to the service of
the country, and the faithful discharge of their
duties, they should not becutoff from promotion,
while another branch of the service, doing duty
which is not at all more important to the country
and to the honor of the Army, are entitled to the
benefits of promotion. These gentlemen are not
placed in circumstances to receive promotion, but
they perform just as important functions in the
Army, just as valuable services to the country, in
the positions they occupy, as they could under
any circumstances, yet they are denied the priv-
ilege of promotion.
Let gentlemen look back to the Army as it
formerly was. In 1812 we sent to France for an
engineer corps; and we now have our own engi-
neer corps in the Army of the United States equal
to any in the world. I am so informed by General
Jesup.
A Member. How does he know ?
Mr. VENABLE. I think he knows as well
as you or I; quite as well. I have also spoken
with other men of great experience, and they all
unite in saying that no better engineer corps can
be found in the world than the engineer corps of
the United States Army. I am not for proscribing i
those men from promotion. I am willing that !
they should have the rank of captain, having served
fourteen years as lieutenant. Without the engi-
neer service, the Army itself would be powerless;
and these services are as valuable and of a higher
nature than any other connected with the Army.
Some of the most gallant men in the Mexican
war were in the Engineer Corps. I know one of
them who distinguished himself at the battle of -
Buena Vista. j
[Here the hammer fell.] i
The CHAIRMAN. The question is upon the
amendment offered by the gentleman from Vir-
ginia.
Mr. MEADE. If there ia no objection I with-
draw the amendment.
No objection was made, and the amendment
was withdrawn.
Mr. TOOMBS. I move to amend by striking
out the next to the last proviso.
Most of the gentlemen who have addressed the
committee are in favor of some sort of promotion,
to one, two, three, or all the different corps.
The gentleman who first spoke, upon my left,
[Mr. Breckinridge,] was in favor of the Senate
amendment, opening the way to promotion to the
different corps; the Corps of Engineers, the Corps
of Topographical Engineers, and the Ordnance
Corps. The gentlemen upon my right, all of
them, and the gentleman from North Carolina,
[Mr. Venable,] argue thjt we are shutting out
this fancy corps from promotion altogether. But
there is nothing in that. It is a clamor about
nothing; a clamor about place. According to the
rules of the American Army, promotion goes by
seniority. These officers of the Engineer Corps
are promoted precisely as they have been ever
since the establishment of the Army. You could
not well adopt any other rule in the line of the
Army, because your Army, whether composed of
fifteen, twelve, or eight regiments, must have so
many colonels, so many captains, so many lieu-
tenants, &c. Now, if you make lieutenants cap-
tains, and substitute no new lieutenants, you dis-
organize the entire Army. The gentlemen's rule
will not answer.
I have always thought that the Topographical
Corps ought to be abolished. There is no use for
them—no use to have them scattered over the
j country, under pretense of makingsurveys, spend-
| ing public money. They are of but little use in
war, and a nuisance in peace. And to adopt the
amendment of the gentleman from North Carolina
[Mr. Stanly] will be to overturn the established
rule of promotion in the different corps in the
American Army. You may and perhaps ought
to adopt it in the Engineer Corps proper, but it
would be fatal to the Army to adopt it generally.
There ought to be no such thing as brevet in the !
Army. It has ever been an apple of discord from
the day the system was started. The upshot of
the whole matter is, that all the officers of your I
Army want promotion faster than the public ser-
vice requires it. Many of these gentlemen are
very valuable; but if they do not like the employ-
ment, let them quit it, and go into civil life, where
their talents are useful and will be rewarded, and
leave the promotion to those who remain. But
you cannot drive them out of the service.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GORMAN. I should like to make a re-
mark upon this subject, but really we must stop
debate upon this and other subjects, or I believe
we will never get through this bill. I am certainly
as anxious as any one else to pass this amend-
ment of the Senate. I desire to state, before I sit
down, what pay the lieutenants of these corps
receive. The lieutenants, men of science, men
engaged upon your Atlantic coast, your northern
lakes, and upon your Pacific borders, in building
your fortifications, in constructing your works of
internal improvements, in cleaning out your har-
bors, and upon public works generally, many of
them men of the first science in the employ of
Government, what do you think they get ? These
men, who have graduated at an institution which
has given them the first honors, receive less than
$1,000 per annum.
The honorable gentleman from North Carolina
[Mr. Stanly] has stated that the reason why the
lieutenants of artillery, infantry, and dragoons
have received more rapid promotion than the lieu-
tenants of these three corps, is because a larger
proportion of them were killed in battle during the
Mexican war. Admitting it to be true that a
larger proportional number of these gallant fellows
were killed outright when leading their men to
victory, it should be remembered that the killed
are not the only casualties of war; when we enu-
merate the wounded also, it will be found that the
officers of these corps suffered as severely as the
officers of our gallant regiments of the line. Their
duties always require them to be in the advance
in time of battle, and none are more ready to be
there. The chief reason, sir, for the marked dif-
move the adoption of
ference in the rate of promotion is, that the vacan-
cies in the Adjutant General's, Inspector General's, !
Quartermaster's,and Commissary'sDepartments, !
are given exclusively to the line. I
This, sir, is not a proposition to promote offi- ii
cers of the line less rapidly, but to promote lieu-
tenants of the three scientific corps more rapidly.
To benefit these is not to injure or call in question
those, which I would by no means think of doing,
for I appreciate their services, and would do all
justice to them. But here is a specific proposition
which harms no one, and renders a bare and tardy
justice to those on whom it operates.
I have spoken of the pay of these officers. I
, would add, that the pay of an officer, though ne-
j cessary and convenient, is not, after all, the main
! stimulus to professional exertion. Promotion is
the soldier's life-bread. On whatground, I would
ask, for what reason, should the lieutenants of
these three corps be deprived of this ? I trust there
is not a man upon this floor who would refuse
them this reasonable promotion.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WASHBURN. I move that the commit-
tee now rise, for the purpose of submitting a mo-
tion to close debate upon this section of the bill.
The question was taken, and there were, upon
a division—ayes 77, noes not counted.
So the motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose, and the Speak-
er having resumed the chair, the chairman of the
committee reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union had, according
to order, had the state of the Union generally under
consideration, and particularly House bill No.
336, making appropriations for the support of the
, Army for the year ending the 30th of June, 1854,
and had come to no resolution thereon.
Mr. WASHBURN. I
the following resolution:
Resolved, That all debate under the five-minutes rule in
the Committee of the Whole; on the state of the Union be
suspended on the Senate amendment to the bill making ap-
propriations for the support of the Army, contained in the
fourteenth section thereof.
The question was taken, and the resolution was
adopted.
Mr. WASHBURN. I move to reconsider the
vote just taken, and to lay the motion to recon-
sider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. HAMILTON. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Harris of Tennessee in the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN. The question is on the
amendment of the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr.
Toombs.]
The question was taken, and the amendment
was disagreed to.
The question then recurred on Mr. Stanly's
substitute; and being put, it was disagreed to.
Mr. ORR. I call for tellers on the amendment
of the Senate.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Faulkner
and Richardson were appointed.
The question was taken, and the amendment of
the Senate was concurred in, the tellers having re-
ported—ayes 98, noes not counted.
The Clerk read the next amendment of the Sen-
ate, adding, as an additional section, the follow-
ing:
" Sec. 15. ■Anile it jartker enacted, That the Secretary
of War be, and he is hereby, authorized, under the direc-
tion of the President of the United States, to employ such
portion of the Corps of Topographical Engineers, and such
other persons as he may deem necessary, to make such ex-
plorations and surveys as he may deem advisable to ascer-
tain the most practicable and economical route for a rail-
road from the Mississippi river to the Pacific ocean ; and
that the sum of $150,000, or so much thereof as may be
necessary, be, and the same is hereby, appropriated out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to
defray the expenses of such explorations and surveys."
Mr. HIBBARD. The Committee on Ways
and Means recommend a non-concurrence in that
amendment.
Mr. PRICE. I move to strike out the whole
section and substitute the following in lieu thereof:
That the President be, and he ishereby, authorized and re-
quested to cause, as soon as practicable after the passage of
this act, examinations to be made for the most direct, practi-
cable, and economical route from a convenient point on the
western boundary of the State of Missouri, Arkansas, Iowa,
or Texas, or in the Territory ofMinnesota, on the Mississippi
river, to such a point on the eastern line of the State of
California, as shall lead, by the most eligible route, to San
