1000
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
Mr. SACKETT. No, sir.
The CHAIRMAN. The question will then be
upon the adoption of the amendment of the gentle-
man from Virginia.
The question was then taken,and Mr. Bayly's
amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. SACKETT. I now move the following
amendment, viz:
Strike out all after the word " that," in the first line, to
the word " any" in the fourth line, and insert after the
word " engineers," in the fourth line, the words " or other
personsand after the word "object," in the sixth line, the
words " are hereby authorized to make like surveys and
explorations."
So that the section will read:
Be it further enacted, That any engineers or other per-
sons employed by any individual or individuals, association
or associations, for the same general objectas herein stated,
are hereby authorized to make like surveys and explora-
tions as are provided on the part of the Government.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I move to
amend that amendment by adding the words " at
their own expense."
The CHAIRMAN. It is not in order to amend
the amendment.
Mr. SACKETT. I will accept the amendment
of the gentleman from Arkansas.
The question was taken, and Mr. Sackett's
amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I move to strike
out of the Senate amendment the following words:
"In making such explorations and surveys, the engineers
and other persons employed under the authority of this act
may be directed to act in concert with any engineers em-
ployed by any individual or individuals, association or as-
sociations, for the same general object; and" 
So that the section would then read:
" Sec. 17. And be it further enacted, That the Secretary
of War is hereby authorized and required to receive pro-
posals from individuals or associations for the construction
of a railroad between the valley of the Mississippi and the
Pacific ocean, and lay the same before Congress at the next
session."
Mr. JENKINS. I desire to know if associa-
tions are to have control over these surveys at the
expense of the United States?
Mr. JOHNSON. The section will say nothing
about surveys if my amendment is adopted.
The question was then taken; and Mr. John-
son's amendment was not agreed to.
The question then recurred upon concurring in
the Senate amendment.
Mr. DEAN. Upon that I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Grow and
Hamilton were appointed.
The question was then taken; and the tellers
reported—ayes 47, noes 91.
So the amendment of the Senate was non-con-
curred in.
The next amendment of the Senate was as fol-
lows:
" Sec. 18. And be it further enacted, That in the adjust-
ment of the account of the State of Virginia, under the
twelfth section of the act approved 31st August, 185-2, the
Secretary of War be, and he is hereby, directed to follow
the provisions of the act of 2d of June, 1848, providing for
refunding to the several States the amounts expended by
thein in raising regiments of volunteers for the Mexican
war."
Mr. HOUSTON. The Committee on Ways
and Means recommend a non-concurrence in this
amendment.
Mr. FREEMAN. What is it for?
Mr. HOUSTON. It is to pay the balance of
a claim for Mexican war deficiencies.
Mr. FREEMAN. Well, sir, I think it ought
not to be allowed.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 will say this claim is to
pay a balance due the State of Virginia for raising
volunteers. There are no papers accompanying
these items, and no explanation except such as
we have been able to gather from the law itself;
and from an examination of that law, I think this
claim is precisely in the condition of one in favor
of the State of Georgia, and another in favor of
the State of Alabama, which we rejected ten min-
utes ago.
Mr. FREEMAN. I am sure my friend from
Virginia [Mr. Caskie] will accept that if it passes.
Mr. FAULKNER. I move to amend the Sen-
ate amendment by adding after the word "Vir-
ginia " the words " fifteen hundred dollars."
Mr. Chairman, I do not know upon what
ground the Committee on Ways and Means can
oppose this amendment of the Senate, unless it be
that no further legislation is necessary to author-
ize the War Department to settle and adjust this
claim of Virginia. The amendment of the Sen-
ate is so palpably just on its face, that I must con-
fess my astonishment that it meets with any op-
position at all.
The committee will perceive that this section
provides that the Secretary of War shall audit and
settle the accounts of the State of Virginia for ad-
vances to her Mexican volunteers, according to
the provisions of the act passed on the 2d of June,
1848. Now, it may be asked why, if there be
such a law as the act of June, 1848, can there be
any necessity for the further legislation of Con-
gress? The necessity for the present interposition
of Congress grows out of the twelfth section
of the Army appropriation bill, passed during
| the last session of Congress. There were seve-
I ral claims presented during our last session from
I the States for advances made to their volunteers.
I The Secretary of War did not regard them as
strictly embraced within the letter of the act of
June, 1848. Congress determined to meet the
whole subject fully, and passed the twelfth section
1 of the Army appropriation bill—the purpose of
I which was to discharge every claim of the States
against the Federal Government for these ad-
vances. I learn, sir, by a letter addressed to me by
the agent of the State of Virginia, that the claims
of every State have now been adjusted and paid,
I' but that there remains a balance of some $1,500
still due to the State of Virginia, which the Secre-
tary of War declines to pay, because no instruc-
tion was given to him by the twelfth section of the
Army bill to settle it according to the provisions
of the act of June, 1848, to which that section
j, was designed to be amendatory. It is believed
I that this was a mere omission, resulting from the
hurried manner in which that section was penned;
but so it is. I am informed by the agent of Vir-
I ginia that the Department makes a difficulty in
|j settling with Virginia a balance of some $1,500,
which she still claims, and which difficulty can be
removed by the amendment sent to us from the
j Senate.
Mr. HOUSTON. It is a claim for interest.
| Mr. FAULKNER. Concede it to be a claim
for interest, that does not make it the less proper
to be paid, if the Government has established the
1 principle that all advances to the Mexican volun-
teers shall bear interest. Has not the Govern- |
1 ment established this principle? Does not the
act of June, 1848, distinctly declare that the Sec- \
retary of War shall refund to the States, corpora-
tions, and individuals, all advances made by them i
to the volunteers for the Mexican war, and to pay
interest upon such advances from the time they
were made? When, therefore, last winter you
recognized the claim then presented by Virginia
as a proper advance, was it not a mere omission
not to instruct the Secretary of War to settle that
claim upon the principles of the act of 1848—that
is, to pay interest on it? I say it was a mere
omission, and should now be rectified.
Mr. FREEMAN. Are not other States in the
same condition with Virginia, in reference to these
advances ?
Mr. FAULKNER. I learn from the only per-
son from whom I have derived any information
about this claim, the agent of Virginia, that every
State has been paid her account in full for advances
to the Mexican volunteers, and that when this
balance claimed by Virginia is paid, we shall have
fully discharged all the claims of the States against
the Federal Government for these advances, so far
as they have been exhibited. Sir, if this be so—
and I presume it is, as he derives his information
directly from the War Department—I trust the
committee will feel no difficulty in concurring in
the amendment of the Senate, and let us have the
proud consolation of knowing that we have at
length fully discharged all of our obligations for
the advances so promptly and patriotically made
by the States in aid of the resources of the Gen-
eral Government.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia is very much astonished that I should oppose
a claim that is so evidently correct, and cannot
understand why I should do it; and yet by his own
remarks he shows that he knows nothing about
the claim from his own examination of the papers
connected with it.
Mr. FAULKNER. The gentleman from Ala-
bama does not correctly represent me. I said
nothing of the correctness of the claim of Vir-
ginia, for I have not deemed it important to go
into the merits of the claim. That I leave to the
Secretary of War. I said the amendment of the
Senate was palpably just, for it only applies to the
claim of Virginia a general principle, recognized
in all other cases by an existing law, and of which
Virginia will get the benefit if she makes out, un-
der that law, a case proper for the favorable action
of the Secretary of War.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman says the
claim is palpably just upon its face, and yet he
does not know whether it is for the advances
themselves or for interest. He shows by his own
remarks that he knows nothing about it. If he
expected that I should support it, he should have
examined the documents himself, and not come
here to state before this House only the facts of
the case as presented to him by the agent of the
State. I think that the agent has misstated the
facts of the case altogether to my friend from Vir-
ginia. The gentleman states that this amendment,
if passed, will place the State of Virginia upon
an equal footing with all the other States in the
Union. Why, if he had paid attention to what
has been done in this House to-day, he would
have found that in this very bill there was a simi-
lar provision for the settlement of the accounts of
Florida, for the same purpose. There was also a
provision for Georgia, and another for Alabama.
AH these have been voted down by the House,
and they are all claims for advances made during
the Mexican war, and based upon the same
grounds as is this claim for the State of Virginia.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is upon the
amendment of the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Faulkner.]
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman says that
all the States are satisfied. If you had passed
these claims for Georgia, for Alabama, as you
have done for Florida and for the other States, it
might have been well enough for the gentleman to
make the statement. But here this very evening
we have non-concurred with a Senate provision,
intended to remunerate the States of Georgia and
Alabama. Such being the case, how can we be
satisfied? No, sir, these claims rest upon the
same basis, the same principle; and if you agree
to this, you ought to agree to what is asked for
Georgia and Alabama.
1 The CHAIRMAN. The question is upon the
amendment of the gentleman from Virginia.
Mr. FAULKNER. If there is no objection I
withdraw the amendment.
No objection was made, and the amendment
was withdrawn.
Mr. CARTTER. I move to insert after the
' word "Virginia," the words "and all the other
; States of the Union."
I offer this amendment because I do not under-
stand the purport of this thing, and for the reason
that the honorable gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Faulkner] has not satisfied me by his explana-
tion. If the section is designed to reach the in-
terest upon the advances of the State, accruing
prior to the presentment of the accounts of the
State to the Federal Treasurer, it will be found in
the history of this matter, that there are sister
States in the Union involved in precisely the same
I predicament, and if such a provision be made for
| the State of Virginia, it ought to apply to the other
States of the Union.
| Mr. MEADE. While I have no objection to
i the amendment offered by the gentleman from
' Ohio, I will pass it over for the purpose of saying
a few words upon the amendment of the Senate.
Mr. ORR. I rise to a question of order. It is
not in order for the gentleman to do that, but he
must confine his remarks to opposing the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Ohio.
The CHAIRMAN. It would not be in order
for the gentleman to speak except in opposition
to the amendment.
Mr. MEADE. Any gentleman who will look
at the provisions of the Senate amendment, will
distinctly see that Virginia is only put upon the
same footing that the act of June 2, 1848, puts
every other State in the Union.
Mr. DUNHAM. 1 would like to have the
gentleman explain, if that is the case, why Vir-
ginia has not got her pay under that act?
Mr. MEADE. Simply because she was not
put upon the same footing with the other States,
1 and all we ask is that Virginia shall be regarded
as under the law of the 2d of June, 1848.
Whether this amount be $1,500 or $15,000,1 say
