1648.
imm oommwKmm ®wm.
*001
if the other State* have been paid it, we are enti-
tled to it also; and without knowing the items
which constitute this demand, I assume that it is
correct, because Virginia urges it. [Laughter.]
1 expected a laugh, and my reply to the laugh
is, that she has never urged a claim before Con-
gress which she has not carried. Amid all the
abuses, amid all the jeers and taunts which have
been poured upon her, yet such was the sense of
the justice of her claims upon the minds of legisla-
ton here that they were compelled to vole them.
You cannot point out a demand, which she has
ever made before the Congress of the United
States, which that Congress has not voted her.
Some of her demands nave been opposed in one
shape or another; but there has never been a
negative vote in either House of Congress that
I am aware of to any demand she ever made;
and as she has had demands upon this Govern-
ment to the amount of hundreds of thousands of
dollars, I presume she would hardly come here
to ask this Government for $1,500, if she was not
entitled to the amount. -
Now, Mr. Chairman, I have not investigated
this question, and I do not know what constitutes
the subject of the demand; but I see that here in
this bill there is a provision by which Virginia
can receive nothing but what has been already
awarded to the other States of this Union, and
the gentleman is mistaken in. saying that Georgia
and Florida havejust been rejected. The claims  
of Georgia and Florida were of quite a different
nature, and stood upon'a different footing. All
we want is that the provisions of the law of the
2d of June, 1848, shall be extended to Virginia,
under which law every other State of this Union
hss had justice done her. Only extend that law
to Virginia, which by some accident, I presume,
was not embraced in it, as originally passed.
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment of Mr. Cartter; and it was disagreed to.
The CHAIRMAN. The question recurs on
the Senate amendment.
Mr. SACKETT. I move that the committee
rise, with the view of submitting a motion to sus-
pend the rule allowing five-minutes debate, as far
as this section is concerned.
The question was put, and the motion was not
agreed to.
So the committee refused to rise.'
Mr. DUNHAM. I move to increase the amount
one dollar.
I think I can explain to the committee this Sen-
ate'amendment, and 1 will explain how I under-
stand it, in a very few words. Under the general
law, under which the other States were paid, the
claim of the State of Virginia could not be paid,
because they were not of such a character as to be
included in the terms of that law, on account of
the manner in which the money wait expended. .
Mr. STANTON , ot Kentucky- i im  o
Saestion of order. Th*geMltm«m propo«ws to w [
uee the sum in the paragraph,-one dollar. There
is no sum mentioned in "the Senate amendment, i
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from In-
diana is out of order. The point of order is well
taken.
- Mr. HALT.. I move to insert " a sum not ex-
ceeding, 41,500." - ,
Mr. Chairman, I think that if the committee un-
derstands the proposition, there certainly will be
no objection to it. Virginia, at the lastsessiop of
Congress, told us that she had advanced and paid
for troops engaged in the Mexican war —
Mr. CASK1E, (interrupting.) I appeal to the
gentleman from Missouri to allow me to say one
word. Virginia disdains any connection with this
claim. , _
[Cries of" Order!"" Order!"]
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Mis-
souri declines to yield the floor; and the gentleman
from Virginia is out of order.
Mr. HALL. I was going on to state that it
was represented to as that Virginia had made cer-
tain advances to troops engaged in the ttatiean
war, but she va* not able to procure the proof th t
was required by the Department. We w«i sat-
isfied by the statement before us, that Virginia
had made those advances, though she was not able
to comply with the formalities required by the
Department. Hence we directed that Virginia
should be paid these sums so expended by her,
bat we made no provision that she should be paid
any interest. But, sir, the act of 1848, in its third
section, provides asfoltows: " That in refunding
the moneys under this act," that is, the moneys
advanced for the support of troops in the Mexican
war, " it shall be lawful to pay interest at the
rate of six per cent, per annum for the sums ad-
vanced," &c. Now Virginia, by the twelfth sec-
tion of that act, we admit aid make these advances,
and the ameadmentof the Senate only proposes that
where Virginia has paid interestupon the advances,
that.interest shall be refunded to her. That is all
the Senate amendment proposes, and I ask if the
committee is not willing to do for Virginia what
has been done for every other State in the Union?
•Mr. HOUSTON. TherearehalfadozenStates
provided for in that law. Is there a single one of
those provisions which embraces interest ?
Mr. HALL. The act of 1848 applies only to
soldiers engaged in the Mexican war. That iB
the only sort of expenses which the act of 1848
applies to, and the gentleman is angry because he
has not succeeded in getting in his Alabama claim.
[Laughter.]
Mr. HOUSTON. He says that the law of 1848,
which he holds in his hand, applies only to the
Mexican war. If he will read the tenth section
of that act, he will find that Michigan got the
amount of $20,000 for money advanced for that
war. There is no provision authorizing Michigan
to take interest. I do not know whether she re-
ceived it or not. The same is true of every other
State.
Mr. HALL. The remarks of the gentleman
have no application to this case. Virginia did
make advances, and all the Senate amendment
proposes is, that-where Virginia paid interest for
moneys advanced for the Mexican troops, she shall
be paid interest.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is oil th«
amendment offered by the gentleman from Mis-
souri.
Mr. HALL. If there is no objection, I with-
draw the amendment.
No objection was made, and the amendment
was withdrawn*
The question then recurring on the Senate
amendment, it was put; and there were, on a di-
vision—45 in the affimative, noes not counted.
I So the Senate amendment was not (concurred in.
The Clerk read the next amendment of the Sen-
ate, to add as an additional section to the bill the
following, viz:
<• Sec. 19. -A*i he ii further enacted, That the President
of the United States is hereby authorized to enter into con-
tracts with such person or persona as shall make the moat
favorable proposals, and give the most satisfactory assu-
rance and security for defending and protecting the emi-
grant routes, and improving and keeping in good condition
the roads through the Territories of the UniteAStates from
the western border of the States in the Mississippi valley to
the eastern border of California, and to the Pacific ocean
in the Territory of Oregon, on the following terms:
1, ' «Ftnt. The contractors are to estabfish posts or station-
grants, travelers, and aetUen.oi! and along said routes? '
" Second. The said contractors shall make, and seap in
repair, a good wagon-road along each of said routes, with
bridges or ferries across all the streams, and shal 1 charge no
higher rates for crossing said streams than shall be pre-
scribed by the President.
" Third. In consideration of the services required by this
section, the President is hereby authorized to grant to such
contractors four sections of land at and in the vicinity of
each of said posts, which said grant of land shall be in full
of all services rendered or expenses incurred under this
section."
Mr. STUART. I offer the following amend-
ment to that section:
Provided, That no such, posts shall be established within
<me hundred and fifty miles of either of the States of Iowa,
Missouri, or Arkansas.
I desire, Mr. Chairman, the attention of the
committee but for a very few minutes.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I desire to know,
so that there may be no difficulty, whether after
we vote on this amendment, an amendment will
still be in order to the first part of the section pro-
posed by the Senate?
The CHAIRMAN. It will.
Mr. STUART. This subject has been consid-
ered very carefully by the Committee on Terri-
tories of this House. They franked a bill, intend-
ing to report it during the territorial days, but time
would not permit them to do so. However, this
amendment of the Senate is substantially the same.
Its effect will be to establish, at certain points on
the routes from the States to California and Ore-
gon, posts, to be not more than twenty miles
apart, and to keep at each of them twenty armed
men for a term of not less than three years, for
the purpose of protecting the emigrants, to that
country. Gentlemen will see at a glance that this
will cost the Government nothing but the four
sections of land at each of the posts, which are to
be designated by the President of the United
States. In a pecuniary point of view, there can
be devised no plan so economical to the Govern*-
ment as this one.
Again: Around these posts settlers will locate
forming the very best protection to the emigrants;
for every western man knows that pioneer pror
tection is worth any military protection that can
be given.. In the next place, the settlements thus
made will furnish means for emigration. If an ox
of an emigrant dies it can be replaced, and if an
emigrant be sick he can be taken care of. There
are many reasons in favor of the section which will
strike members on the instant. My amendment
proposes that none of these posts shall be estab-
lished within one hundred and fifty miles of either
of the States. of Iowa, Missouri, or Arkansas.
The object is to prevent lands which are exceed-
ingly valuable being taken at a point where pro-
tection is not needed. It will compel these posts
to be distant from the States where protection is
needed, and where the selections of land will not
cost the Government anything, but will rather be
a benefit; for the settlement of the four sections
proposed to be given at or in the vicinity of each
post will induce further settlement, and of course
a speedy sale of the Government lands. The
President is authorized to contract with such per-
son or persons as shall keep those posts longest
armed with not less than twenty men at each.
This question has not only been carefully consid-
ered. by the Committee on Territories of this
Houm, but .the Committee on Territories of the
Senate, and so far as 1 know, it has met the gen-
eral approbation.- -
' Mr. ORR. I have several objections to the
amendment of the Senate. Ia the firstplace, you
propose to grant land to the persons who render
these services to which the Government holds no
title; for the Indian title, as is well known, to very
much of the land one hundred and fifty or two
hundred miles from the borders of the western
States, has never been extinguished. In the next
place, I see, in running hurriedly over the seotion,
that there is no timeprescribedduringwhich these
routes are to be keptopen by the persons to whom
these grants are to be madfe. Is it one, five, or ten
years?
Mr. STUART. That is the only open ques-
tion in the section. The President is to receive
proposals, and- to contract with those who shall
keep them open the longest.
Mr. FREEMAN. 1 would ask the gentleman
from South Carolina, what title the Indians hold
The abettertitle than.
would be,
in my opinion, a specie* of land pirsey to take it.
The Government ought not to grant these lands
until the Indian title has been extinguished.
Mr. FREEMAN. Then, if we take possession
of the land, would we not have the same title as
the Indians; and, being stoutesi, would we not be
able to hold it by force ? [Laughter.]
Mr. ORR. If that be the doctrine on which the
gentleman from Mississippi and the friends of this
particular section advocate it, let it go to the coun-
try. If that be the doctrine, I will undertake to say
that this committee will vote down the entire sec-
tion, and every portion of it. Are we to enter on,
the lands of the Indians and take possession, of
them, because they have not the power to protect
themselves ? Because they have not the munitions,
of war to drive back an invader, are we to seize
their property and appropriate it to our own pur-
poses ? I am astonisned—amazed—that the gen-
tleman has broached such a doctrine on the floor of
the American Congress!.
Mr. FREEMAN. Why cannot weacquire the
same title to these lands that the Indiana have?
Mr. ORR. The gentleman seems to be serious
in bis proposition. Let the committee understand
that within one hundred and fifty miles of the bor-
der of the western States toward California, we
are to seize on four sections of land every twenty
miles without compensation to the Indians, and to
assume to grant it to certain persons, and 1 do not
doubt for a moment that the proposition will al-.
