1002
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
most unanimously be voted do wn, a* it ought to be.
"We sent to the Senate a bill of ten pages of mat-
ter, and they have returned it with twelve pages of
amendments, which are not confined to appropria-
tions for the support of the Army, but propose to
change existtnglaws in every conceivable manner.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was taken, and the amendment of
Mr. Stuart was disagreed to.
Mr. SUTHERLAND. I move to strike out
the words "the President of the United States"
wherever they occur in the section, and to substi-
tute " the Governor of the Stale of New York."
[Laughter.]
Now I would ask whether we have not just the
same right to authorize the Governor of New
"York to do what this section proposes as the
President of the United States?
A Member. Just the same right.
Mr. SUTHERLAND. What is the authority
proposed to be given to the President by this sec-
tion?
"The President of the United States is hereby author-
ized to enter into contracts with such person or persons as
shall make the most favorable proposals, and give the most
satisfactory assurance and security for defending and pro-
tecting the emigrant routes, and keeping in good condition
(he roads through the territories of ihe I'nited Stares, from
the wpstern border of the States in the Missi-ssppi valley
to the eastern border of California, and to the Pacific ocean
in the Territory of Oregon, on the following terms," &c.
Do we propose to establish post roads, or to
provide for the public defense?
But again: We give to the President a power
that we do not possess ourselves. Who gives this
power? We, the Congress of the United States.
Where do we get it from ? Are we not acting
under a solemn written instrument?
As the gentleman from South Carolina well ob-
served, this bill went to the Senate with ten pages j
and came back with twenty-two. And what are
the' additional pages? In the fifteenth, sixteenth,
and seventeenth sections, powers are proposed to
be given to the President never contemplated by
the Constitution of ihe United States. In what
part of that instrument do you find the power to
grant these sections of land, under the pretense of j
protection to the emigrants? I intended, if I had
obtained the ear of the chairman, to object to the
sixteenth section, which authorizes the surveying
of a route for a railroad to the Pacific ocean. We
have annexed a State to the Union which is two
thousand miles distant, and not having the power
to build this road to it, we propose to extend the
Constitution by force, instead of amending it in
the regular way therein provided. That is the ■
whole question presented by these amendments.
{Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I understand the
gentleman moves to strike out the •' President of 1
the United States" and insert the " Governor of
New York." The provision is bad enough as it
stands. It is bud enoueh, considering the char-
acter of the provision, to leave the immense dis- ;
cretion it provides for to the President of the Uni-
ted States. But it will be worse to transfer that
power to the Governor of New York, or any other
person.
A Member. Not to the Governor of Virginia?
Mr. BAYLY. No, sir; not to the Governor of
Virginia, or any other Governor. This provision
emphatically caps the climax of the contract sys-
tem. I have heard of the letting out to contracts
the purchase of butter and cheese and beef and
Eork, and things of that sort; but I never heard,
efore this provision was introduced into this bill,
of letting out the protection of our citizens upon
any route, or anywhere else, when we are bound
by our military authority to protect them. The
objection does not merely stop there. It does not
stop with the idea that you are to let out the pro-
tection of these emigrants to private contract, but
you do not let it out to the lowest bidder even; I
but it is to be given to such persons as shall make
the most favorable proposals to the Governor of '
New York, if this amendment be adopted, or to :
the President of the United Slates if be not. I
A Member It means to the lowest bidder. I
Mr. BAYLY. It does not mean the lowest j
bidder, but whoever shall make the most favora-
ble proposals in the opinion of the person we may
delegate the authority to deride about it. He will
judse of these proposals. It is not only lettin*
this thing out to private contract, but it is leaving
it to the discretion of the Executive to decide what
are the most favorable proposals. I am not will-
ing to allow the President of the United States to
decide this question, much less the Governor of
New York. If we are going to let out this thing, ■
do not say that the contract shall be given to those
who make the most favorable proposals, but to
the lowest bidder. Considering the body from
which this provision comes, it looks to me as the
most preposterous proposition I ever heard of in my
life. Sir, there is a practice rapidly growing up
here, of which this provision is a part, and of which j
the appropriation bills are full of examples, that, f
in my opinion, cannot be too much condemned. |
It is the practice of making appropriations to be :
expended at the discretion and under the direction
of the President of the United States or the head of
some Department. Gentlemen seem to suppose,
when they have left the expenditure to the discre-
tion of the Executive, they have relieved them-
selves from all responsibility in respect to it. But
in my view, in the very act of conferring such a
latitude, they have assumed the greatest responsi-
bility. In doing it they not only violate the spirit
of our system of Government—increase enor-
mously Executive patronage—but they make
themselves responsible for the acts of others; for
he who delegates a discretion is responsible for
the manner it is exercised.
The question was then taken on Mr. Suther-
land's amendment, and it was agreed to. j
Mr. FLORENCE. I move to strike out all in
the second line of the section, after the word
" authorize," and insert the following:
That the President of the United States be, and he is
hereby, authorized to accept into the service of the United
States for the term of three or five years, the regiment, con-
sisting of ten companies of volunteers, organized by Colo-
nel William F. Small, of Philadelphia, for service and set-
tlement in California; and that the said regiment shall be
placed upon the same footing in all respects, be subject to
the same regulations, and entitled to the same pay, allow-
ances, and pensions, as the regular troops of the United j
States, during their term of service.
si. That tiie said regiment shall be stationed at proper and
convenient posts, to be designated by the President of the
United States, on the eastern frortlier ol Calilorma; and it
shall be the duly of said regiment to make roads on their
station, and keep them in as good traveling condition as
posi-ible; to construct bridges across streams; to carry the
mail; to protect all telegraphic lines allowed to be con-
structed on said frontier, and the persons engaged in making
and working them; and all emigrants, travelers, settlers,
and traders, engaged 111 lawful and peaceable occupations,
trom the hostile attacks and depredations of the Indians; i
and to aid in the execution of the laws when called upon
by the proper authorities. j
3. That the volunteers of said regiment, in accordance
with such regulations as may be prescribed by the Presi-
dent. shall raise, gather, and preserve, all the provisions,
breadstuff's, forage, and supplies, of whatever kind neces-
sary for themselves and their animals, with the smallest
possible cost to the Government, and to the fullest extent
the country can be made to yield and produce the same. |
4. That the President shall issue commissions to the field,
staff, and company officers of said regiment as soon as the
rolls of the companies and a roster ot the officers shall be
furnished by Colonel William F. Small, in the usual form :
Provided, That said regiment shall be entitled to no more
officers than were allowed to volunteer regiments serving
during the war with Mexico; and the companies of said
regiment shall each consist of not I ess than eighty. nor more
than one hundred men, including noil-commissioned offi-
cers and musicians.
5. That the President may, if he deem the same to be
necessary and proper, cause lour of the companies to be
mounted and equi pped as mounted riflemen; and may ae
cept the services ol an additional company of volunteers to
be attached to said regiment, to act a- a rocket and howitzer
corps.
6. That as soon as the military posts shall be established, 1
in conformity with the second section of" this act, every of-
ficer, non commissioned officer, musician, and private of
said regiment shall select, if he so wishes, and set apart, six
hundred and forty acres ofland on the said frontier of Call- I
forma, for his own use and cultivation, for which he r-liall !
receive a patent at the expiration of his term of service, or
belore, if he shall receive an honorable discharge, m con-
sequence of disability Irom sickness, or wounds incurred '
in the service of the United Slates. The heirs ot those :
who die during their term of service shall be entitled to tile
lands on said Irontier selected by the deceased.
Mr. TOOMBS.
the section ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
the amendment is not in order.
Mr. FLORENCE. It is providing for this
matter in a better way, in my humble estima-
tion 
[Cries of" Order!" " Order!" " Order!"]
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman is not in
order.
Mr. FLORENCE. I appeal from the decision
of the Chair. I desire to state why I appeal.
The CHAIRMAN. The practice of the com-
Is the amendment germane to
mittee has been to allow a gentleman taking an
appeal to state the ground of his appeal.
Mr. FLORENCE. I submit that the propo-
sition is similar to the one now before the com-
mittee. It provides more definitely for purposes
clearly and explicitly embraced in this section,
only that it is to organize a regiment of a thou-
sand men, under the command of a gentleman in
Philadelphia, who served in the Mexican war. I
submit that my amendment is clearly in order.
The question was then taken, and the decision
of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. HAMILTON. 1 move that the committee
rise for the purpose of suspending debate upon
the three sections of this bill.
The question was taken, and it was decided in
the affirmative.
The committee then rose, and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, the chairman (Mr. Harris of
Tennessee) reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union had under con-
sideration the state of the Union generally, and
particularly the Senate amendments to the Army
appropriation bill, and had come to no resolution
thereon.
I Mr. HAMILTON. I move to suspend the
rule allowing five minutes debate upon section
nineteen, including its subdivisions down to the
twentieth section.
The question was then taken; and it was de-
cided in the affirmative.
Mr. ORR. I move that the rules be suspended
and that the House resolve itself into the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative.
The House accordingly again resolved itself
into the Committee of the Whole (Mr. Harris of
Tennessee in the chair) on the Army bill.
Mr. MEADE. I propose to amend that sec-
tion of the bill, by striking out the words " emi-
grant route," and substituting therefor the words
" Mexican frontier." If the amendment is adopt-
ed I propose to follow it with suitable amend-
ments to the same clause.
[Cries of'Order!" "Order!" "Order!"]
Mr. STUART. I rise to a question of order.
The amendment of the gentleman has no relation
whatever to the section, for the route does not
touch the Mexican frontier at all.
Mr. MEADE. I presume that one of these
roads might be along the Gila.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
question of order made by the gentleman from
Michigan, [Mr. Stoart,] and decides that the
amendment is not in order.
Mr. WEIGHTMAN. I offer the following
amendment:
And that the Governor of the State of Arkansas is hereby
authorized, on the same terms and in like manner as is pre-
scribed in this section, to contract with such person or per-
sons as shall make the most favorable proposals and give
the most satisfactory assurance and security for defending
and protecting, and improving and keeping in good condi-
tion, an emigrant route, leading from some point on tile Red
river of Louisiana, not above steamboat navigation, west-
wardly, through New Mexico, by the most feasible route,
to California and Oregon.
The question was then taken uponMr. Weight-
man's amendment, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. FITCH. I offer the following amend-
ment:
Fourth. That all wars in which the United States may
hereafter become involved shall be let by contract in the
same manner and upon the same terms; the donation of
land to be proportioned to the number of troops employed.
The question was taken on the amendment,
and, upon a division, there were—ayes 71, noes
41.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The question was then taken upon the Senate
amendment as amended, and it was not agreed
to.
The fortieth amendment of the Senate was then
read, as follows:
•'Jind he it further enacted, That the lot of land in the
town of New Castle, in the State of Delaware, upon which
an arsenal has been erected, and the said arsenal, be, and
the same are hereby, reeonveyed and granted to the trustees
of the said town and their successors."
Mr. PHELPS. When the Committee on Ways
and Means examined this subject they did not
have before them any papers in reference to this
matter, and they reported to the committee not to
concur in the amendment of the Senate. Since
that time I have seen the report of the Colonel of
