1853.
THE CONGRISSONAL GLOBS.
100S
Ordnance, ud I think that the committee Ought to
agree to the Senate amendment after striking out
the work " successors." I more to strike out
that word.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I am opposed U> the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Missouri. This is a
donation to the State of Delaware, and a gentle-
man told me that a donation made to the city of
Savannah, under like circumstances, sold for
$11*1,000.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The gentleman is
mistaken. The Government does not own the
fee of this piece of ground, and they have no fur-
ther use for it.
Mr. PHELPS. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. STUART. 1 move to amend the Senate
amendment by striking out the word " Delaware,"
and inserting 11 Pennsylvania " in lieu thereof. I
do it simply for the purpose of saying that I am
much gratified to hear from the Committee on
Ways and Means, at last, that they have made a
recommendation on a subject about which they
had not any information.
Mr. PHELPS. When I examined that amend-
ment I had not any information upon this sutyect,
and there were no papers accompanying the
amendment from the Senate. When, however, I
could procure information upon the subject, I
changed the opinion I had entertained.
Mr. STUART. In my judgment, the much
better Way is to act upon the information that you
have than to act on information that you have not,
before you recommend to the House to disagreeto
an amendment. I am as willing as anybody to
follow the lead of the Committee on Ways and
Means-
Mr. LETCHER. I Call the gentleman to order.
1 ask that he be confined to this amendment.
Mr. STUART. I want to show that so far as
any information comes from the Committee on
Ways and Means, it is as obvious that this ground
belongs to Pennsylvania as to Delaware. Now,
I protest against the doctrine of following that
committee, or any other committee, blindfolded
en subjects which they have not examined.
Mr. RIDDLE. I merely wish to state that, the
wipers are in. my possession which convinced the
Committee on Ways and Means that they were
wrong, and satisfied them that this amendment
ought to be adopted.
The question was then taken on Mr. Stbart's
amendment, and it was rejected.
The question recurred on the amendment of the
Senate, and being put, it was decided in the affirm-
ative.
So the amendment of the Senate was concurred
in.
The next amendment of the Senate was read,
adding the following, viz:
«Stc.9t. Jlndt* # fitrtMr mbMOM fc *ep«-
pows of enabling the Commissi ooersrOf ttie MlHtary Ary lust
(0 purchase a suitable site wttb the view of establishing
thereat a western military asylum, the Him of $li>,0()U, in
addition to the sum in the bands of the Commissioners, is
hereby appropriated out of any money in the Treasury not
Mberwise appropriated.
Mr. HOUSTON. The Committee on Ways
and Means recommend a concurrence in that
amendment, with a proviso repealing the eighteenth
section of the act of the last session of Congress
upon the subject 
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I rise to a
question of order. The chairman of the Com-
mittee on Ways and Means says that the com-
mittee over which he presides recommend a con-
currence in this amendment of the Senate, with a
proviso, and that that proviso proposes to repeal
an existing law. Now, i submit that, under the
81st rule, that is not in order.
Mr.CLINGMAN. Read the amendment offered
by the gentleman from Alabama.
The Clerk read the amendment, which is as fol-
lows:
" Insert at the end of the clause, the words:
"And that the eighteenth 'section of tlie act approved Au-
gust 31,1852,' making appropriation*for the support of tba
Army,'be, and the same is hereby, repealed."   
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky I hope the
81st rule will now bp read. It is clear that the
proposition of the gentleman from Alabama is not
in order.
Mr. GORMAN. It is clearly out of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the 81st
rules does not apply to this amendment.
Mr. STANTON. Well, have it read to the
committee.
The CHAIRMAN. The 81st rule prohibits
the offering of amendments to an apppropriation
bill except for certain specified objects.
Mr. STANTON. Well, I ask that the rule
may be read.
The Clerk read the 81st rule, as follows:
"81. No appropriation shall be reported in such general
i appropriation bits, or be in order as an amendment thereto,
for any expenditure not previously authorised by law, un-
less ui conunuation of appropriations for such public works
| and objects as are already in progress, and fbr the contin-
gencies fbr carrying on the several departments of the Gov-
ernment.
Mr. DUNHAM. In order that its applicabil-
ity may be seen, 1 now ask for the reading of the
section which it is proposed to repeal.
. The Clerk read the section, as follows:
"Jlni be tt further enacted, That the Board of officers des-
ignated by the act of the 3d of March, 1851, to precure sites
tor the military asylums, by and with the approval of the
President of the United States, be, and they, or a part of
them, are hereby, authorized to examine the Blue Lick
Springs and the land attached thereto, and if the same be
found eligible for the purpose, and can be secured of the
proprietors, or any suitable quanuty of the land, including
the buildings, at a reasonable price, to purchase the same
for the Government of the United States, and locate thereon
the Western Military Asylum."
Mr. STANTON. My point of order is, that
the amendment of the Committee on Ways and
Means proposes to repeal a law that is now exist-
ing and in force, and that this is an appropriation
bill to which no such matter ean be attached.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order, and decides that the intendment is
in order, as an Amendment to the Senate amend-
ment.
Mr. STANTON. I appeal from the decision
of the Chair, and I desire to state the ground of
my appeal. If the House decides that amend-
ment to be in order, and it should be attached to
the bill, I will then propose an amendment in ad-
dition to that which shall repeal all laws which
relate to the establishment of military asylums in
the United States. Now, is it possible that a
proposition of that kind would be in order as an
amendment to an appropriation bill ?
Mr. DUNHAM. I call the gentleman to or-
der. The appeal is not debatable.
Mr. STANTON. Well, sir, I have done.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules theamend-
, ment to be in order.
Mr. HALL. The Chair is wrong
Mr. DUNHAM. I call for tellers on the ap-
peal.
Tellers were not ordered.
The question was then taken on the appeal,
" Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the judg-
ment of the committee?" and it was decided in
the negative.. .. ,
-So decision of Une Qhair was; overruled , | d
The queaUon was then ptil on agreeing to the
amendment of Che Senate, and on a division, there
were—ayes 67, noes 33; no quorum voting.
Mr. HAMILTON. I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs.. Dean and
Wilcox were appointed.
The question was. again put, and. the tellers
reported 78in the affirmative.
A further count was not insisted upon.
So the Senate amendment was agreed to.
The last amendment of the Senate, adding the
following to the biH, was, read, viz:
<> And whereas a discovery has been made, and is ftow
in practice, whereby the hnman body can be rendered
safely insensible to pain in dental, surgical, and obstetrical
operations, by the use of what are commonly called anaes-
thetic agents, and the Government of the United States has
been and is in the enjoyment of said discovery in the mili-
tary and naval service; and whereas it is established that
the discovery was made by some one of the persons follow-
ing to wit: William T. G. Morton, Charles T. Jackson,
each of Boston, and Horace Wells, of Hartfonl, deceased ;
but it does not appear to the satisfaction of Congress which
of those parties was the original, true, and first discoverer
thereof; and whereas Congress is willing lo provide a re-
compense for such discovery when ascertained: Tliere-
— SBr St it further exacted,' Tlfcrt' th« siim of
*11)0.000 be, and the same is hereby, appropriated, out of
InV money in the Treasury not otherwise approbated, to
be haid by the Secretary of the Treasury as hereinafter
provided, as a recompense for said discovery, and the use
and benefit thereof by the Government and people of the
Sif # further enacted, That it shall be
die duty of the district attorney of the United Suites for the
northern district of New York, within a reasonable tune
aftef Dm Iwsssge ..oftMsact, to Ale in the ciroaji eourt of
the United States for said district, silting in equity, a.bill
of interpleader, wherein, reciting this act, or the subst&nce
thereof, the Secretery of the Treasury, as trustee of the
sum herein appropriated, shall be complainant, and the
said William T. G. Morton, Charles T. Jackson, and the
personal representative or representatives of said Horace '
Wells, shall be defendants: of which bill they, the said
parties, shall take notice, and may appear-and answer and
make prools; and the said circuit court shall have juris-
diction oi said case, and the same shall be tried i n the man-
ner and according to the practice of such court in equiiy
cases; and the issue therein shall be, which one ol'the >-nid
parties first named was the original, true, and first discov-
ererof the discovery hereinbefore recited; and, by final de-
cree in such case, the court shall decide that issue, and shall
direct that the said sum of $ll)(i,U0ti, without any costs,
shall l>e paid over to the party who shall be found to have
been such discoverer, or to his personal representative or
representative* or assignee: Provided, That if one or innre
of staid defendants shall conceive himself or themselves to
be aggrieved by said decree, he or they may, within twenty
days after the making of the decree, appeal to the Supreme
Court of the United States, and thereupon the payment of
mid sum shall be suspended until final disposition'be made
of said case by the said Supreme Court: And procirfed fur-
ther, That if it shall appear that either of said defendants
holds a patent for said discovery, or ttie means of applying
the same, which, in the judgment of said circuit curt, is
valid, then it shall be the duty of said court to certify such
fact to the said Secretary, who shall thereupon withhold
from such defendant said sum, should the same be decreed
to him by the said final decree, until he shall have executed,
under his hand and seal, an instrument in writing surren-
dering such patent, and granting the free use of said dis-
covery, and the means of using or applying the same, to
the Government and people of the United States: which
instrument slmll lie lodged in the Patent Office and entered
on the records thereof: Provided, That before the said sum
Of $11X1,000, or any part thereof, shall be paid to either of
the parlies named.in this act, he shall make oath in due
form of law that he h<is not been guilty of collusion with
either of the other parties named in this act, in any way
.whatever."
Mr. STANLY. I propose an amendment, by
wav-of a proviso. I move to add the following
aPtlM,ead of the section, viz:
■ PraiiUti/urH'r, That if, in the opinion of the said cir-
cuit c-iurtof the United States, or of the Supreme Court of
the United States, the said recompense should be divided,
the court shall have power to direct the said sum of $100,ooo
to be paid to the parties above named ill such proportions
as, according to the judgment of the court, may be due to
their respective merits in connection with said discovery.
Mr. Chairman, I do not think there is any dif-
ficulty about that amendment at all, whatever gen-
tlemen may think about the original proposition.
This discovery is one of sufficient importance to
merit the amount of compensation to which this
amendment proposes to give to whoever it shall
be decided has the honor of the discovery. That
is the thing to settle. 1 have very little to say
upon the subject. The matter has long been dis-
cussed with a good deal of talent in different por-
tions of the country. At the last session of Con-
gress, a report upon the subject was made by
my honorable friend from Maryland [Mr. Evans]
and myself, in which we took ground in favor of
Dr. Jackson, while other members of the commit-
tee took ground in favor of Dr. Morton. My own
opinion is, and has been fort a long time, that both
tt^fogentlemen #leserve*oa « credit. I think it is
the voiceyf Jacob and the Uind of Esau. But the
honorable Se'rtatorfrom-Qonneeticiit, [Mr. Smith,]
in the other end of the Capitol, has made an elab*
orate report upon the subject, in which strong
arguments are urged to show that Mr. Horace
Wells, of Hartford, Connecticut, was the discov-
erer of another anaesthetic agent, which is as val-
uable as any which has been discovered. I think
substantial justice may be done to all these gen-
tlemen by the amendment which I have now sub-
mitted. If the Supreme Court, or whatever court
has jurisdiction over it, should decide that all these
gentlemen deserve credit for the discovery, then
the money may be divided between them.
Mr. CA MPBELL, of Illinois. 1 think they
had better divide it between them without any suit
at all.
Mr. STANLY. If all these parties were in-
strumental in bringing about this valuable discov-
ery, I think they should all share in this benefit
which it is proposed to give them. But I will not
longer lake up the time of the committee.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I am opposed
to the amendment offered by the gentleman from
North Carolina, as 1 am to this whole proposition.
Mr. MEADE, (interrupting.) I wish merely
to state to the gentleman from Georgia that one of
these parties is here present in this House, and
tells me that he is willing to accept the amend-
ment of the gentlematv from North Carolina, [Mr.
Stavlt.1
Mr. STEPHENS. Yes, sir; that is just what
