1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL'GLOBE.
!0O5
and make individual doctors or surgeons in the
Army of the United States pay that price. When
we wish to buy a patented article for the use of
the United States, let us buy it as individuals do,
and when we have obtained it, let us apply it to the
public service.
But further: should we buy this patent right,
who knows but that to-morrow there may be dis-
covered another agent far preferable, possessing
similar properties, and able to accomplish the
same thai® ? And yet, under thisact, we will pay
$100,000 for that which may be of no use to-mor-
row.
I think this course on the part of the Govern-
ment of the United States is all wrong. It never
has resulted well, and the ultimate effect will be,
that whenever an individual makes an important
invention, or an important discovery, instead of
endeavoring to protect himself under the Constitu-
tion of the United States by a patent right, he will
come here and ask this Government to purchase it
for public purposes. The very clause of the act
under consideration contains that principle. It rec-
ognizes the principle that it is a part of the duty
of this Government to buy patent rights, not mere-
ly tor the use of the Government, but for the use
of the individual citizens of the United States.
The very thing in question is that we shall pay
this money, not merely for using this agent for
the benefit of the Government, but for the benefit
of the individual citizens of the Government. I
ask this House where they find the authority to
exercise a power of that kind ? Where have you
the power to buy a patent right, not for the use of
the Government, but for my use, or the use of the
gentleman from Virginia, or any other citizen of
the United States? It seems to me to be a mon-
strous assumption of authority—a most danger-
ous assumption of authority, and a virtual repeal
of that clause of the Constitution which secures to
individuals their patent rights. If the principle is
to be recognized that we are to extinguish patent
rights whenever an important invention is made,
the Patent Office will cease to be of any benefit
whatever, and you may as well abolish it, and
repeal all the patent laws at once.
Mr. STANLY. I am opposed to the amend-
ment, and I oppose it for the purpose of saying a
few words. The gentleman from Georgia [Mr.
Stephens] seems to think that the rights of this
discovery are admitted and well known. But it
is a matter of controversy now. The French Acad-
emy of Science have had this matter under inves-
tigation, and they have said that Doctors Morton
and Jackson both deserved credit, and they have
given them both a medal for their respective dis-
coveries. They have done that, and shall not the
American Congress give these men some substan-
tial reward ? The gentleman speaks of the patent
right. One party has patented it. Other parties
aay it is not patentable. The gentleman from Mis-
sissippi [Mr. Brown] saya that the patent has
been invaded by the Government. Undisputed
facts show that the Government has taken and
used it. And shall not the Government pay for
the patent right ? Where is the sense of justice of
the gentleman from Georgia, which so rouses up
against monstrosities ? If this is a monstrosity, the
Senate of the United States have done it. They
incorporated this section in the bill; and a great
many honorable gentlemen in this House do not
erceive that it is a monstrosity. The gentleman
ias quite an awkward notion of monstrosity, and
peculiar to himself.
The gentleman seems to suppose that Doctor
Jackson is capable of giving a reward—of entering
into a contract to have this whole opposition
hushed up—by dividing the money. Doctor Jack-
son's character is as secure from attack as any
man's in this Congress. What the gentleman
from Georgia recognizes as a monstrosity has
been approved by more than fifty as honorable
men as any in this House. This section provides
only for an act of common justice—undeniably so.
The matter is plain of itself, and ought to be sus-
tained by the House. There is no injustice here,
nothing monstrous attempted. It is what all hon-
orable gentlemen who have examined it admit the
justice of.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment offered by Mr. Hall, and it was disagreed to.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I move to re-
duce the appropriation one dollar.
I
The gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. Stan-
lt] says that the Government of the United States
has invaded this patent. I should like to have the
gentleman tell me how, and where ?
Mr. STANLY. In the Mexican war. If the
gentleman has read the reports, he will see numer-
ous instances there stated. They use it in the
Army and in the naval hospital.
Mr. STEPHENS. In order to argue princi-
ples correctly, we must discriminate. The Gov-
ernment of the United States has not authorized
its use. Government surgeons may have used it.
But has the Government ever authorized them to
use it? If it has not, it has never invaded the
patent. Has Doctor Morton ever sued, or has he
ever protested against the use of his preparation
of ether by Government officers? Has he offered
to sell his right to the Government? Why, Mr.
Chairman, even this bill does not propose to con-
vey the patent on the part of Doctor Morton or
Doctor Jackson or Doctor Wells, to the United
States.
Mr. STANLY. The gentleman has not read
the section. Yes, it does.
Mr. STEPHENS. If one of these gentlemen
does, all do not. Suppose it should turn out that
Mr. Wells was a patentee in this case, is he not
to be a party to this suit, and how are you going
to bring him into court?
Mr. STANLY. You do not—you bring in his
representatives.
Mr. STEPHENS. How can you divest his
legal representatives or heirs, if they have rights,
and bring them into court, and compel them to
convey their rights to the Government, as is pro-
posed by this bill ?
Mr. STANLY. We bring in his representa-
tives.
Mr. STEPHENS. Can you pass a law to di-
vest his rights under the patent laws of the Uni-
ted States ?
Mr. STANLY. Nobody ever dreamed that he
had any legal rights. He never claimed a patent.
Mr. STEPHENS. If he was the original dis-
coverer, and has a patent for it, of course his mi-
nor heirs cannot be brought into court and com-
pelled to convey their rights to the Government
Mr. STANLY. My friend from Georgia does
not understand the question. Wells claimed to
have discovered one agent, and Doctors Morton
and Jackson another.
Mr. STEPHENS. But is it not proposed that
the three shall share this appropriation, if either
Wells, Morton, or Jackson, in the opinion of the
court, is entitled to any portion of it as discoverers,
on condition that he convey the right to the peo-
Ele of the United States? Now how can minor
eirs convey or be compelled to convey their
rights if they have any, in this way?
Mr. HALL. The gentleman from North Car-
olina talks about a p&tent right. Why, the bill
propose* to give them $100,000, whether they
have a patent right or not, and that, if it turns out
that any one of them has a patent right, he shall
relinquish it to the Government.
Mr. STEPHENS. The gentleman says that I
do not understand the bill. 1 know that $100,000
is to be voted, and that these three individuals,or
their representatives, are to, or may, share in it.
That is, if they are all willing to do it. That is
what I understand.
Mr. STANLY. The gentleman is mistaken.
Doctor Jackson is no party to this business in any
way, so far as I know.
Mr. EYANS. 1 feel myself authorized to as-
sert, though I do not know what the others are
doing, that Doctor Jackson is not claiming one
cent from the Government. That is my belief.
Mr. STEPHENS. And Doctor Jackson is
entitled to the patent, in my opinion.
Mr. EYANS. He is the discoverer.
Mr. STEPHENS. Yes, and he got a medal
from the French Academy, I believe. But, sir,
I look upon this gift of $100,000 as a violation
of the Constitution.
Mr, SAVAGE. I wish to inform the gentle-
man and the committee, that I saw a gentleman
who represented himself to be the agent of Doctor
Jackson, not an hour ago behind the bar of the
House.
Mr. STEPHENS. The gentleman from North
Carolina, [Mr.STANLT,]itseems, then,did not un-
derstand the position of Doctor Jackson himself.
Doctor Jackson, it seems, has an agent here repre-
senting his claim. But I was on other points. If
officers of the Army have used this patent, they
are liable to be sued. There can be no invasion
on the part of the Government, unless it has seized
this patent; but nothingof the sort has been done.
The donation of the money as proposed is without
warrant from the Constitution. I rejoice as much
as the gentleman from North Carolina, or any-
body else, that this wonderful agent has been dis-
covered.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MEADE. I wish to notice a few of the
arguments of the gentlemen from South Carolina
and Georgia [Mr. Woodward and Mr. Ste-
phensHii relation to thejurisdiction over this ques-
tion. There are various instances on the records
of appropriations to discoverers of large sums of
money for the use of theirdiscoveries, or as a gra-
tuity; and it is now proposed that we shall pur-
chase this anaesthetic agent, or the patent, for the
use of our Army and Navy. For the purpose of
my argument, 1 assume the fact that we desire to
buy the patent, and are willing to pay $100,000
for it. We do not pay the money to either of the
three claimants, because they are all claiming
against each other. One has got a patent, and the
others are contesting the right to it. To insure
that the money will be paid to the person right-
fully entitled—that is, to the original discoverer—
it is placed by this bill in the hands of a trustee,
who files a bill of interpleader in the court having
jurisdiction to determine the question of right.
This is the everyday practice of our courts.
The district courts of the United States are
resorted to by all owners of patents for redress in
case of their violation. It is the proper tribunal,
and, of course, have jurisdiction over this question;
also, Jackson, Morton, and Wells, each, claiming
to be entitled to the patent, is supposed to have
demanded of the Secretary of the Treasury, the
trustee, after the passage of the law, the $100,000.
He will tell them that he will pay neither, because
he is doubtful who is entitled to it; but to determine
the question he will file a bill of interpleader—
bring all into court, and examine their proof. It
is clearly within the jurisdiction of the United
States courts, and the argument of the gentleman
from South Carolina [Mr. Woodward] is un-
sound. A citizen from Massachusetts may sue in
the Federal courts of that State, any person,
whether a citizen of that State or not, for a viola-
tion of his patent.
Mr. WOODWARD. It does come within the
jurisdiction of the courts, under the law; but I say
that you propose to change it, and to take it from
their regular jurisdiction.
Mr. MEADE. The gentleman has entirely
misconceived the question. We desire the use of
the discovery; we desire to purchase the patent,
and appropriate $100,000, to be paid by the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, to the rightful owner of it.
The bill then provides, that if he is doubtful as to
who is the owner, he shall file a bill of interpleader,
and bring the claimants into court, to have the ques-
tion of right determined. Then a stockholder or
trustee can, by bill, summon the parties into the
same court to which they must resort to sue each
other. The court has certainly jurisdiction, and
the parties by this bill consent to go there, else
they can get nothing under it.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MOORE, of Pennsylvania. We have ex-
pended time enough on this subject, and I there-
fore move that the committee do now rise, with a
view of terminating the debate.
The question was taken and the motion was
agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose, and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, the chairman (Mr.
Harris of Tennessee) reported that the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union had
had the state of the Union generally under con-
sideration, and particularly the Army appropria-
tion bill, and had come to no resolution thereon.
Mr. MOORE. I move that the rule allowing
five-minutes debate in the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union be suspended on
the amendment it has just had under considera-
tion.
The question was taken and the motion was
agreed to.
Mr. MOORE. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
