1010
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
out " six thousand five hundred" and insert
" seven thousand."
The amendment was agreed to; and the ques-
tion recurring on the amendment of the committee
as amended, it was agreed to. The joint resolu-
tion was then reported to the Senate as amended;
the amendment was concurred in, and ordered to
be engrossed; and the joint resolution was ordered
to be read a third time. It was read a third time,
and passed.
REGISTER OF VESSELS.
Mr. HAMLIN. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Commerce, to which was referred the
bill from the House of Representatives entitled
" An act to authorize the issuing of a register to
'the brig Boundary, and to change the names of
4 the steamers Roger Williams and propeller On-
' tario," to report the same with an amendment.
Unless the action of the Senate can be had now,
the owner of the vessel provided for in theamend-
ment will be compelled to keep it in port. It will
give rise to no debate, and I therefore ask that it
may be acted upon. I move that the bill be taken
up.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill. The amendment reported by the Com-
mittee on Commerce was as follows:
" Sec. ■!. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the Secretary
of the Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized to isHie to
A. L. BaptMa, of Baltimore, Maryland, a citizen ot' the
United State*, a register for the Prussian built briu Hemrirh
Von Gagern, under the name ot the General Pierce, paid
vessel having been purcha^d by lum under a decree of
sale from the district court of the United States for the dis-
trict of Maryland : Provided, It i^s pioved to the satu faction
of the paid Secretary that the repairs put upon =aid vessel
constitute throe fourths of the original cost of a vessel of
the same tonnage."
The amendment was agreed to; the bill was
reported to the Senate as amended; the amendment
was concurred in, and ordered to be engrossed,
and the hill to be read a third time. The bill was
read a third time and passed; and the title was
amended by adding "and to the brig Heinrich
Von Gagern."
PRE-EMPTION RIGHTS. J
A message was received from the House of Rep- i
resentatives, by Mr. Hates, its Chief Clerk, an- :
Douncing that it insisted on its amendment, dis-
agreed to by the Senate, to the bill to extend
preemption rights to unsurveyed lands, and for
other purposes; that it asked a conference on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses, and that it
had appointed A. G. Brown, John Moore, and :
John L. Dawson, the Committee of Conference i
on its part. i
On motion by Mr. DOWNS, it was ordered that !
the Senate agree to the Committee of Conference
asked by the House of Representatives, and that
the President appoint the managers on the part of
the Senate; and Mr. Felch, Mr. Downs, and
Mr. Phelps were appointed.
COLONEL FREMONT.
A message was also received from the House
of Representatives, informing the Senate that it
insisted on its amendment, disagreed to by the
Senate, to the bill for the relief of John Charles
Fremont, late lieutenant colonel in the Army of
the United States; that it agreed to the conference
asked for by the Senate on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses, and that it appointed Mr.
Gorman, Mr. Haven, and Mr. Orr, managers
on its part.
On motion by Mr. GWIN, the President of the
Senate was authorized to appoint the committee
on the part of the Senate; and Mr. Gwin, Mr.
Pearce, and Mr. Shields, were appointed.
OATH TO THE VICE PRESIDENT ELECT.
A message was also received from the House
of Representatives, stating that it had passed a
bill from the Senate, providing for administering
the oath of office to William R. King, Vice Presi-
dent elect of the United States of America, with
an amendment.
, Mr- HUNTER. I ask by general consent that
that bill betaken up and acted upon. The amend-
ment of the House simply provides that the oath
be administered at Havana or any other place. I
more to concur in the amendment.
The motion was agreed to.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
On motion by Mr. HUNTER, the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proeeeded to con-
sider the bill from the House of Representatives
" making appropriations for the service of the
Post Office Department for the fiscal year ending
June 30, 1854."
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
! Mr. HUNTER. There is one amendment re-
! ported from the Committee on Finance, to add an
additional section to the bill, as follows:
j Sec. 3. AnA he it further enacted, That in all cases
where the Postmaster General shall bp satisfied that either
money or property stolen from the United States mails shall
have been exchanged for other money or property, and has
been received at his Department, he shall have authority,
upon satisfactory evidence that the same belongs to any
individual, firm, or corporation, to pay over and deliver such
money to Ihe owner thereof.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RUSK. The Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads have directed me to submit the
following amendment:
For riiMn« the salary of one of the $1,(500 clerks in the
Post Office Department tothegrade ofthe chief clerk, to be
emplojed in conducting correspondence, and performing
other duties relating to foreign mail postal arrangements
with foreign countries.
Mr. HUNTER. I will suggest to the Senator
from Texas that this is done in an amendment
which was put upon the civil and diplomatic bill.
If the House should adopt the amendment on that
bill, he will find his purpose accomplished.
Mr. RUSK. Notquite. I examined the amend-
ment ottered by the honorable Senator. It only
raises the salary of this officer, who is a very im-
portant one. The amendment which 1 offered
has been recommended by the Postmaster General,
and sanctioned unanimously by the Committee
on the Post Officeand Post Roads. Itonly raises
the salary $200. He now receives $1,600. If
the amendment to the other bill should fail, this
will provide for him. If it should not, no injus-
tice will be done.
Mr. HUNTER. My objection is, that if the
amendment to the civil and diplomatic bill is
adopted, and this is also adopted, he will get two
salaries.
Mr. RUSK. There is no danger of that.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RUSK. I am directed by the same com-
mittee to submit the following amendment:
Jind be it further enacted, That the Postmaster General
be, and he ib hereby, authorized,in addition to the ordinary
steamboat service on the Potomac, to contract for an effi-
cient ice-boat or ice-boats being kept for the conveyance of
the mail during the winter months: Provided, That the ad
ditional expense to be incurred by the Department for keep-
ing up such ice-boat or ice-boats shall not exceed $i0,00U.
A bill containing that provision has already
passed the Senate.
Mr. WALKER. I hope it will not pass now.
Mr. RUSK. This proposition has already re-
ceived the mature deliberation of the Senate. After
considerable discussion, it passed by a large ma-
jority.
The amendment was agreed to; there being, on
a division—ayes 19, noes 14.
Mr. FOOl. The Committee on the Post Of-
fice and Post Roads has directed me to offer the
following amendment:
Sec -Ind he it further enacted, That the third section
of the act entitled "An act making appropriation for the
service of the Post Office Department during the fiscal year
ending30th June, 1853, and for other purposes," approved
31st of August, 1852, be and the same is hereby repealed.
One word of explanation. At the last session,
an amendment was incorporated in the appropria-
tion bill for the Post Office Department, fixing the
salaries of all the route agents in the United States
at the uniform sum of $1,000. Prior to that time,
it had rested in the discretion of the Postmaster
General to graduate the salaries according to the
extent of the route, and the amount of service to
be performed. The post office routes on the rail-
roads of the country, vary from twenty miles to
two hundred and fifty miles in length, consequently
the service of the various route agent3 varies in
about the same proportion. The objection to the
amendment which was incorporated in the bill at
the last session, without much notice and without
consideration, is, that it makes no discrimination,
but pays $1,000 to an agpnt running but twenty-
five milas, and the same to an agent running two
hundred and fifty miles. This repeals that sec-
tion, and leaves it to the discretion 8f the Post-
master General as before to graduate the compen-
sation according to ths service and length of the
route.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN. The Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads has directed me to offer
the following amendment:
Sec.—. Jindbeit further enacted. That the Postmaster
' General is hereby authorized to make such arrangement as
he may deem advisable by causing the letters sent to Cali-
fornia and Oregon to be advertised free of expense to the
United States, and by the issuing of circular* to the postmas-
ters and causing the same to be published, to insure, as far
as possible, the delivery ofthe letters sentby mail from the
Atlantic States to California to the individuals to whom
they are directed.
The object of that is simply this: There is now
issued one paper which professes to publish, with-
out charge to the Government, an accurate list of
the letters sent to California on its own account.
This is simply to authorize the .Postmaster Gen-
eral to issue a circular to the various postmasters
to forward to this individual, if he sees fit to publish
the letters which are sent; consequently when the
| mail goes to California there goes along with it
this notice, so that those in California may know
what letters go there.
, Mr. HUNTER. Is the Senator quite sure that
there will not be an equitable claim against the
Government for the advertising ?
Mr. HAMLIN. There will not.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WELLER. I offer the following amend-
j ment to the bill:
Be it further enacted, That Hiram O. Alden and James
Eddy, their associates and assigns, are hereby authorized
and empowered to construct, at their own expense, a line
of telegraph from St. Louis, in Missouri, or any other
1 point on the western bank of the Mississippi river they
may select, through the public lands belonging to and under
the jurisdiction of the United States, to San Francisco, in
California, or to sonic other point on the Pacific ocean, in
as direct a line as practicable, with liberty to construct
branches or diverging lines to Texas, to New Mexico, to
Utah, and to Oregon, as is hereinafter srt forth.
Skc. 2. Andbe it further enacted, That said line of tele-
graph shall be constructed of durable materials, thoroughly
insulated, securely placed under the surface of the earth,
rock, or water, with testing tubes every five miles, and with
working stations at distances averaging not more than one
hundred miles, to secure the thorough working of the same,
and for its repair and protection. Said working stations
shall be supplied with the necessary telegraph instruments,
operators, and men. And said line of telegraph shall be
completed and putin operation within eighteen months from
the enacting of this bill, and shall thereafter be kept in op-
eration by night as well as by day.
Sec. 3. Jlndbe it further enacted. That there shall be
granted and reserved to the General Government forever
the free and prior use of said line for the transmission of
all official dispatches and communications between said
Government and its officers : Provided, however, Thatsaid
free dispatches and communications shall not exceed a
monthly aggregate of more than seven thousand words, but
still reserving to the Government the prior use to any ex-
tent, which said line is capable"of transmitting, by paying
the same fees paid by individuals for like services, and no
, more.
Sec. 4. Jlnd be it further enacted, That for the transmis-
sion of all private dispatches and communications over the
mam line of said telegraph from the Mississippi to the Pa-
cific, the charge* in no case shall exceed ten dollar-" for each
message of ten words or less, exclusive of date, address,
and signature; and not exceeding seventy-five cents for each
added word.
| Sec. 5. Jlnd be if further enacted, That said Alden and
Eddy, their associates and assigns, shall, at their own ex-
pense, keep said line of telegraph in working order, and
shall, at their own cost, operate and protect the same ; and
if they shall unreasonably neglect so to do for the space of
six successive months—unless prevented by some unavoid-
able calamity, arising from the sickness of operators upon
the line, or from Indian hostility and depredation—said
! line of telegraph, with all its instruments, fixtures, and ap-
i purtenances, shall be forfeited to, and become the prop-
erty of, the United States.
f Sec. 6. Jlnd he it further enacted, That upon the com-
j pletion of said line of telegraph, and so soon as the same
| shall he put in operation, and the free use thereof, asafore-
. paid, tendered to the Government of the United States,
i there shall be issued to said Alden and Eddy, their heirs or
assigns, land warrants for fifteen hundred thousand acres of
| land, which they may select and locate as follows: From
| and after the completion as aforesaid, they shall be at lib-
j erty to select from any of the public lands along and near
J said line of telegraph, not before sold or appropriated, any
quantity not less than a section nor more than a township,
1 in one body; and if more than one township ^hall be taken
i in the same locality, alternate townships onlv shall be se-
: lected. The President of the United States shall cause the
j unsurveyed lands upon said line of telegraph, which may
I be selected as aforesaid, to be surveyed; and if, after the
! expiration of two years from the completion aforesaid, said
; landsshall not have been surveyed, they shall beat liberty to
re-locate the like quantities in any State or Territory where
. the lands are surveyed, and open to private entry or sale j
and as fast as said lands shall be thus located, the Commis-
eioner of the General Land Office shall, on application
' therefor, issue patents for the same : Provided, That in the
event a railroad to the Pacific ocean shall he located on or
near the route selected for a telegraph lino, the grant of
j land contemplated in this section bhal! be so located as not
i to interfere with any grant Congress may make to aid in lb®
1 construction of said railroad.
