1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1011
8tc. T. .! < l« UfmUtr macird, Tlwt MJ material of
fbrv-tcn manufacture requisite and atcamrjr tor the con
Mrarnoa of Mud line ol lelaffaph, and actually to ba u ed
tbmi'of, way be imported tatu the L'uimJ Saw Irwi of ,
aii) duty ibt-rvoa.
Mr. 11 UN'TER. I hop* the Senator from Cal-
ifornia will not press that amendment to this bill.
W• hare not time to consider the project for a tel-
egraphic line to the Mississippi; we cannot go into
the merits of the proposition. It seems to me that
it would be better to withdraw it.
Mr. WELLER. I might be disposed to yield
to the Senator from Virginia, if it were not the fact
that he opposed, I believe, every measure which
looks to tiie interest of the particular section of
country from which I come. I think this is the
proper place to make this appropriation. I shall
propose some amendments to the amendment. In
th* first place, to strike out " St. Louia,"so aanot
to interfere with any telegraphic lines now in suc-
cessful operation in the State of Missouri, and in-
sert in lieu of it, " Camden," which is on the ter-
ritorial line. I would state further, for the inform-
ation of the Senate, that the amendment proposes
that after the line shall have been fully constructed,
the contractors shall be entitled to a million and a
half acres of land, and that in consideration of the
land, the Government shall be entitled to the transit
of all its messages, free of expense, so that, if you
choose to regard it as a mail contract for the mere
transmission of messages for the Government, it
will be found one of the cheapest contracta made
for the Poat Office Department. There is no risk,
therefore, oa the part of the Government. The
contractors themselves take all the responsibility.
They are to make the line within two years and
apon the execution of it, and not till then, they re-
ceive a grant of a million and a half acres of land.
That is the whole of this amendment.
Mr. HUNTER. I think that the Senator from
California has done me injustice in saying that I
oppose everything looking to the benefit of his
section of the country. There is no time to go
into that question now; if there was, I think 1
could show that I have voted aa liberal appropri-
ations to that section of the country as to any
other section. But if it had been the case, it has
nothing to do with the propriety of insisting on
this amendment. I do not aak him to withdraw
it as a courtesy to me, but for public considera-
tion*. I submitted to him whether we had time to
enter the question now. It is an amendment which
proposes to vest these privileges in certain indi-
viduals. It is special legislation; there is that
objection to it at once. If the Senator ia determ-
ined to go into the matter, why does he not open
it to the whole world; why does he not let any one
come in and compete for the contract ?
Mr. WELLER. I have no objection to mod-
ifying the amendment, by striking oat the name*
of the gentlemen mentioned in it, and insert aim- ,
ply, that the Postmaster General shall be author- j
ized to contract, upon tha most favorable terms, i
with any persons who will come in and take it. I
That obviates the whole objection made by the j
Senator from Virginia. I so modify the amend- ;
ment.   j
Mr. HUNTER called for the yeas and nays on j
the amendment; and they were ordered.
Mr. HAMLIN. I desire to call the attention
of the Senate to the provision of this amendment.
In the first place, if the contract is made, it pro-
vides that the contractors shall first make a con-
tinuous line from some point on the Mississippi to
San Francisco. After they have made the line at
their own expense, without calling upon the Gov-
ernment for a single dollar, the bill provides that the
Government shall give them along the line one mil-
lion five hundred thousand acresof land. It provides
for the use of the line to the Government for a cer-
tain number of words in preference to all others.
Now, taking your public lands according to the
manner in which you have scaled them yourself,
and making the proper deduction for waste lands,
the quantity which it is proposed to give cannot be
worth more than $800,000, takingone hundred and
sixty acres as equivalent to $200, which is the
scale you hare fixed at your own Department. ;
Upon that the interest at ten per cent, would be
$80,000 per annum, and the cost for the words
which they will be compelled to communicate for
the Government over the line in a year will exceed
that more than three times. The rates in the bill
•re about twice what the rates are on the old lines,
bat it leaves it ia the power of Congress t* dimia-
ish them at some future period when it shall deem
j it necessary to do so. That is the amendment.
You have failed to take any practical measure to-
wards making a railroad to the Pacific. This will
answer many of the purposes of the railroad. It
will not, to be sure, answer as a means of trans-
portation of men or munitions of war, but it will
afford a communication which will be instantane-
ous between that shore and ours, and it will do it
upon such terms as will secure to the Government
a cheaper communication than can be had in any
other way. I will say no more.
Mr. BELL. I desire any gentleman to explain
to me, if he can, if this amendment is carried into
execution, why it will not establish the route of
any railroad that will ever be constructed to the
Pacific? It cannot be otherwise. You appropri-
ate one million five hundred thousand acres of land
to the construction of this line, and who is to lo-
cate the route of it ?
Mr. WELLER. The contractors.
Mr. BELL. So I understand; and when you
have located that, and have the various posts and
stations established, it will be argued that the rail-
road should go on the same route. It will be said
that they will have protection there already; that
they will have settlements there; that provisions
can be obtained much cheaper, and that, therefore,
the railroad ahould run over the same route. Now,
sir, I have no objection to the establishment of this
line, if it can be done without prejudicing the de-
cision of th* question as to where the railroad
should run; but I do not desire to conclude the
question in regard to the selection of the railroad
by this question. I do not charge that there ia
indirection pursued by the amendment, or that
that is the intention, but the effect is precisely the
same as if that mode were adopted for finally loca-
ting tlie route of the great railroad. 1 am not pre-
pared to say that the route selected will not be the
best route; but I do not think it likely that it will
be.
These are the objections which I have to this
proposition. If you give one million five hun-
dred thousand acres, it is a considerable donation
1 to commence with, and I stated before, the argu-
ments will be so powerful when you get the tele-
graphic line in operation, or in course of construc-
tion, for the railroad to run over that way, that
there will be a strong inducement to locate the
road there. The argument may be used to other
routes that they may be better, but this route will
have facilities which others have not, and there-
fore it should have the priority. These are the
objections which I have. If they can be avoided
I would be glad to give a vote for the telegraphic
line.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I would suggest to the Sen-
ator from California that he had better strike out
the points mentioned in the bill and leave it so that
any point may be selected in the Mississippi val-
ley by the contractors.
Mr. WELLER. I have no objection to that, i
Mr. DOUGLAS. Then that is accepted. The ;
points are stricken out and the line is to run from
; any point they may select in the Mississippi
valley.
I Mr. BORLAND. I wish to call attention again
1 to the objection alluded to by the Senator from .
I Tennessee.
! Mr. BELL. The modification made does not
1 affect my objection at all.
, Mr. BORLAND. We refused the other day,
i after a long discussion, to agree to anything like
i the location of the railroad. We refused to give
the President of the United States authority to lo-
cate it after he should have surveys made. Now
it is proposed to put in the hands of private indi-
viduals the power to locate it whenever they
please.
Mr. WELLER. The amendment says nothing
about the route of the railroad.
Mr. BORLAND. It amounts to the same thing.
It is to produce that effect. After we have given
a million and a half of acres for a telegraphic line,
and the route of that line is selected, it puts all
other portions of the country to a great disadvan-
tage in comparison with it. I will give double the
amount of land to establish the line of the tele-
graph, after the route has been by the proper au-
thority located; but I will never consent, so far as
my vote may go, to permit any private interests
or enterprise to locate, without tne authority of the
Government, a railroad, or line of telegraph which
is to produce this effect. If the line of the tele-
j graph is established, does not the honorable Sena-
I tor from Illinois know the influence that will be
exerted in locating the road ? And is it proper for
us now to put in the hands of private individuals
the whole power to make the selection of the route
without any previous survey, when we denied
such a power to the President? Mr. President, I
do hope that such a proposition will not be agreed
to.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will say to the Senator
from Arkansas, that 1 have not the slightest idea
that this measure will have the weight of a feather
upon the location of the railroad. It is simply to
allow the parties to establish a telegraph line under
ground, from any point that they may select on
this side, to the-other side of the mountains. And
I have no idea that it will have a particle of effect
in locating the route of the railroad. I would be
ciuite as willing, so far as my locality is concerned,
tnat you would put into the amendment that the
telegraph line shall start from the city of New Or-
leans, or Memphis, or any other point, I do not
care where, because the communication goes under
ground, and comes out on the other side on the
Pacific ocean. It is a subterranean telegraph.
And if the Senate will agree now to put in Vicks-
burg, or New Orleans, or any other place, I am
willing to agree to that, so far as I am concerned.
I suggested to strike out the point, merely in order
to obviate the objections of gentlemen. I hope
those who are opposed to this on the ground that
it will secure the route of the railroad, will just
designate the points from which they wish it to
go, and I will vote for it.
Mr. BORLAND. I take the sameground that
I did on the railroad bill. I do not wish to desig-
nate the points. I wish surveys to be made, and
let them determine where the telegraph line as
well as the railroad shall run.
Mr. BUTLER. 1 desire to say a word to the
friends of the contemplated Pacific railroad. Is it
not very obvious that if you give these lands to
this chartered company, they can appropriate the
route, and exclude others from locating the rail-
road upon it? You give them lands, and you put
your railroad project very much in the control of
the persons to whom you give them, and they
will either control you or exclude you.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Let those who desire it com-
mence their line, and exclude the railroad from it.
The Senator from South Carolina objects, because
the railroad will exclude the telegraph. Others
object because the railroad is bound to run on the
line of the telegraph.
Mr. BUTLER. It either runs on the line which
they prescribe, or it is excluded.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Of course it is either one or
the other. The railroad will either run along the
line of the telegraph, or it will not. I am willing
they should take either side of the question, ana
locate it or not as they please.
Mr. CHASE. I wish to suggest to the Sena-
tor from California to strikeout the last section of
this amendment. It provides that all the mate-
rials for the construction of this line shall be ad-
mitted free of duty. The telegraph enterprise is
one of recent date in this country, and accompa-
nying its growth there has grown up a number of
establishments for the manufactureof articles used
in the construction of telegraphic lines, such as ths
wires, the insulators, and some other articles. It
would be a pretty severe blow to these establish-
ments to admit the articles which they make free
of duty. I trust the Senator will modify it so far
as that is concerned, as it is introducing a princi-
ple upon which the Senate has refused at this ses-
sion to act. 1 am quite willing to go as far as any
one in favor of free trade; but I do not wish to
make a beginning upon those articles used by an
enterprise but recently growing up, and which
quite as much as any other requires the fostering
care of the Government. I move to strike out the
last section from'the amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
Mr. DAWSON. The amendment is a vastly
i important measure, and it will have an important
■ effect upon the future legislation of the Govern-
ment. I consider it as tne incipient stage of ths
location of the great road which is to be built here-
after between the valley of the Mississippi and the
, Pacific ocean; and by the adoption of this now,
i ws giva t  a aompany, the members of which are
