1012
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
unknown, the liberty to select the starting point, 1
and carry the line in whatever form or shape they
may desire through all the unsettled portions of
the United States; and we also propose to give
them a million and a half of acres lying upon that
line. 1 presume that the route which they select
wili be the one best calculated to conduct the rail-
road along, because it will add to the value of the
land which they shall reserve to themselves. If
they have the power to select the lands, they will
of course go down the valleys of the rivers, and
pass through the most fertile lands belonging to
the Government; and we give this to whom? Is
there to be any competition in obtaining this con-
tract or these privileges> The Postmaster Gen-
eral is authorized to enter into a contract with any
company. Is there any advertising, any notify-
ing of tlie country, that upon such a day the Gov-
ernment will let out to the best and lowest bidder
this telegraph line ? Not at all. From the amend-
ment it may be supposed that there is but one as-
sociation or company that will go into the work.
When the Government is going to dispose of priv-
ileges and advantages which belong to the people
in common, it should be done on terms equal to
all. If this telegraph line is to be constructed by
contract, let the whole community have an oppor-
tunity of bidding for it. Let the amendment be
made that the Postmaster General shall advertise
for the construction of a telegraph line, which will
be let to the lowest bidder, and let various com-
panies come in and compete. But this thing, in
the language of the distinguished Senator from
Vermont, [Mr. Phelps,] is like another measure
which we had presented to us. It is premature.
Then, again, the privileges to be granted are
exceedingly extensive. A direct line of telegraph
is to be constructed, with the power of branching.
In the event the company shall ever establish the
line, the Government of the United States would
have no right to bring any other line in competi-
tion with it. They would say that they had un-
dertaken it at a time when the country had no
communication, and that as they undertook it in
that way, the Government should give them pe-
culiar rikht, and should not interfere with them, or
at least compensate them for any new lines which
should be authorized. But above all that, what
is the limitation upon the power, or the right of
exercising the privileges contained in the amend-
ment? None. When the Territories under which
this subterranean line is to pass, should be admit-
ted as States, how is it to be controlled ? Here is
a right, vested by the proprietors of the soil under
which the line proposes to pass. Are we, then, to
protect this company in the exercise of this right
from any trespass that may be committed upon it
by the legislation of any State through which it
passes ? Certainly we will be called upon to do so.
Now, as desirable as this measure may be, as
important to the country as it may be—and the
anxiety to get a line of this kind is no doubt very
great—we ought not prematurely to involve our-
selves; we ought to take time to think upon the
subject; and for one I beg to announce to Con-
gress and to the nation that we are violating all
the old precedents of legislation; that we have for-
gotten the mode of deliberation which the Consti-
tution and the rules of the body prescribe for us.
Separate measures, by which combination may
be prevented, are to be abandoned, and upon the
appropriation bills, which were sought to be kept
distinct for governmental purposes, we are now
to haveall matters oflegislation placed, and,in the
language of my friend from Vermont, every ap-
propriation bill is becoming, and has become, an
immensly large omnibus, in which every kind of
legislation is to be thrown. Can we mature any-
thing in this way, and shall the Senate of the
United States, by its course of legislative proceed-
ing, destroy all the protection thrown around it
by the deliberative rules that have been formed ?
I hope not. Here is an amendment presented
-which is vastly important in its consequences,
and the cry is, T ake the vote—no investigation need
be made. The measure cannot even be amended,
and I venture to predict now that not one third of
us can tell what are its provisions. I admire the
Senator from California for his anxiety to estab-
lish a telegraphic communication between the two
sections of the country; but this thing of making
a mushroom of all our legislation, thiB hot-bed
plan of legislation, is destructive to the character
of the country, and to the character of the body.
I am one who will go as far as any one to increase
the prosperity of this country, and to promote the
facilities of intercommunication between its differ-
ent sections; but I must do it understandingly.
Hence it is I bea; that this measure may be re-
jected, not upon its merits, but on the ground that
we have not time to prepare its details; and sec-
ondly, that it is a wrong position in which to place
it.
JOHN CHARLES FREMONT. j
Mr. GWIN, from the Committee of Confer-
ence on the part of the Senate on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill for the relief
of John Charles Fremont, late lieutenant colonel
in the United States Army reported:
" That they have met the Conferees on the part of the
House of Representatives, and after full and free conference,
they have agreed to recommend, and do recommend as fol-
lows:
"That the House of Representatives recede from its
amendment, and agree to the bill with the following amend-
ment, viz:
" Add to the bill—
" Provided, That before the payment of the same, or any
part thereof, the Secretary of the Treasury shall be satisfied
that the amounthas been expended for the public service."
The Senate proceeded to consider the report,
and agreed thereto.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill making appropriation for the service of the
Post Office Department during the fiscal year end-
ing 30th June, 1854, and for other purposes.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I admire the ingenuity of
the opponents of the telegraph in devising reasons
for opposing it. The Senator from Virginia [Mr.
Hunter] thought the amendment ought not to
pass, because the names of the parties were in it,
and it was therefore a monopoly for a particular
{ company. In order to obviate that, we struck
; that part of the amendment out. Now the Sena-
tor from Georgia objects, because we are giving it
to an unknown company. We cannot satisfy
them in any way. He also goes on to show that
this is going to control the line of our railroad.
We are willing, then, that he should fix his own
line. When the points were in it was objected to,
because it would fix the line of the railroad where
the points were. We struck the points out, and
now they say we leave the company to select the
line. We say put in the line; but no, they will
not put it in. Then leave it to a company. We
do not care who selects the line, what are the ter-
mini, what are the points, if they will give us a
telegraph between the Mississippi and the Pacific.
Then at last the Senator comes back and says we
are making an omnibus bill of this appropriation
bill, a hot-bed for legislation. If it is ahot-bed, I
think we have cooled it a little by the aid of that
honorable Senator's vote, when we put in it the
ice-boats a little while ago. There was a little
mushroom legislation sprung into this bill. The
, hot-bed was then cooled a little by the ice. We
j put in an ice-boat for the Potomac river. Why
i could we not with the same propriety ask for ice-
boats on Lake Erie or Michigan, the Hudson
{ river, the Ohio, and every part of the country; and
thus commence a system which would take mil-
lions to carry it out ? and all this could be sprung
on the appropriation bill by the identical gentlemen
who resist this amendment on the ground of its
impropriety. I do not complain of it, but I want
the thing to be understood. It is justly a curious
coincidence. If it is objected that the railroad will
go on the same route as the line of the telegraph,
let them select their own line. If it is objected
that it will control the location of the railroad, let
, them make the location. If it is objected that we
' do not name the company, we will put one in. If
| it is objected that the names of the company are
in the bill, we will strike them out. If it is ob-
jected that the company cannot fix the line, let us
fix it. If it is objected that we cannot fix it, let
, the company do it. I hope the opponents will be
satisfied in some way.
Mr. DAWSON. What was the Senator's al-
lusion about ice-boats?
j Mr. DOUGLAS. An amendment was put
| upon this bill providing for an ice-boat on the Po-
tomac.
Mr. DAWSON. I am glad to hear it. It is a
| legitimate object forthe transportation of the mail,
for the purposes of the United States Government.
, That Senator knows that a year ago we were ice-
bound, and could not get a mail here for a long
time. We had to make a contract to carry the
mail round in stages, which cost more than the
ice-boat will cost the Government. It was an
economical proceeding to make that amendment,
and its object was to connect the great northern
and southern mails. It was manifestly legitimate
to this bill to make that appropriation.
The question being taken by yeas and nays on
the amendment, resulted—yeas 20, nays 25; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Bradbury, Cass,
Chase, Clarke. Davis, Dodge of Iowa, Douglas, Foot,
Geyer, Gwin, Hale, Hamlin, James, Shields, Soul£, Sum-
ner, Walker, and Weller—-20.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Bayard, Bell, Borland, Brooke,
Charlton, Dawson, De Saussure, Downs, Fitzpalrick,
Houston, Jones of Tennessee, Mangurn, Mason, Miller,
Morton, Norris, Pearce, Peltit, Phelps, Pratt, Rusk, Sebas-
tian, Smith, and Spraance—25.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. HOUSTON. I have for some weeks past
postponed my intention of asking the Senate to
take up the resolution introduced by the Senator
from Michigan [Mr. Cass] in regard to coloniza-
tion on the North American continent and Cuba.
I have done so for the purpose of expediting the
business of the Senate. I believe it has not had
that tendency, and I now solicit the courtesy of
the Senate so far as to give me the privilege of
calling up that resolution for the purpose of ma-
king a short speech. I therefore move to take up
that resolution.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No motion of
that kind can be received until the bill before the
, Senate is disposed of in some way.
Mr. HOUSTON. I will ask the unanimous
consent of the Senate to permit me to proceed.
Mr. PEARCE. I am very reluctant to with-
, hold that unanimous consent.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then I move to postpone
! the further consideration of the bill now under
' consideration for one hour, for the purpose of
taking up the resolution to which I referred.
Mr. BAYARD called forthe yeas and nays on
; the motion, but they were not ordered; and the
motion was then lost by a vote, on a division, of—
ayes 16, noes 18.
Mr. GWIN. I offer the following amendment
to the bill :
And le itfurther enacted, That the Postmaster General
be, and he is hereby, directed to enter into a contract for
the term of five years, for a sum not exceeding dollars,
with such person or persons as may offer sufficient and satis-
factory security, after due public notice, for the transporta-
tion of the mails of the United States, upon the best terms for
the United States, semi-monthly, from San Francisco, via
i the Sandwich Tslands, to Shanghai, in China, and back, in
i steam-vessels, of not less than two thousand tons burden, of
! the best form of construction, adapted to war purposes and
, the navigation of the Pacific ocean; the same to be ready
in the shortest possible time.
I suppose it will not be contended that that is
not a proper amendment to the Post Office appro-
priation bill. I am anxious for the establishment
of this line of steamers. The amendment which
I propose is in the very words of the amendment
adopted during the last year, for a line of steam-
ships between New Orleans and Vera Cruz.
The great project of our country, if not of the
age in which we live, by which it is proposed to
unite by a national railway the Atlantic with the
Pacific, for all the business and social purposes of
life, a measure to which our people from every
part of this Confederacy have been looking with
the deepest concern, has unfortunately, as I think,
for the welfare of the nation, been postponed and
laid over at least for another year. Upon this
topic it is now useless to dwell; but I cannot
wholly conceal the mortification experienced in
reflecting that a measure like this, confessedly of
the first importance, and about which I had hoped
for a unanimity of purpose, and that its intrinsic
merits would have rallied the Senate to its speedy
adoption, has suffered discomfiture and defeat
from diversity of opinion upon its details. Hav-
ing exerted the utmost of my humble abilities to
I effect its passage, from a conviction that tKe en-
j terprise is one of the noblest that could engage the
1 attention of the representatives of the American
! people, and one of transcendent value to the pub-
I lie, I must content myself with the disappointment
of postponement, in the hope that the Congress of
the United States at its next session will enter
upon this subject with renewed energies, and a
determination to lay aside local views and sec-
tional preferences and in a spirit of concession
