1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1013
pass a railroad bill, and provide for its execution
with all the necessary means within the control of
the Government.
There is, however, Mr. President, another meas-
ure dictated by the same policy which originated
and proposed a national railway; and that is the
establishment of a line of steamships to carry the
mails from San Francisco in California to Shang-
hai in China.
The session of the Senate now rapidly drawing
to a close, admonishes me of the propriety of
economizing every moment of oar time; and it is,
therefore, only from an imperious sense of public
duty, not only to the people of California, but to
the whole Union, that I venture, even briefly at
this late hour, to claim the attention of the sen-
ate, and ask its immediate sanction of a clause in
the post office bill now pending, by which I pro-
pose to confer authority on the Postmaster Gen-
eral to advertise for proposals to carry the mail
semi-monthly between San Francisco and Shang-
hai, the most northerly of the five ports to which,
under our treaty of July, 1844, at Wang Hiya,
we have the right of access. The terms of this
lection are brief and easy of execution. Its pur-
pose is to secure the services upon the best and
most economical terms to the Government, of a
powerful class of steamers, and to delegate the
proper authority to the Postmaster General, so
that the object specified may be speedily accom-
plished.
It seems to me, sir, that it is only necessary for
the American statesman to glance at the leading
public events of the last few years, affecting the
commercial interests of our people and the world,
to be struck with the importance of availing our-
selves, without further delay, of every means of
facilitating our trade and intercourse with Asia.
In not doing this, an indifference to our commer-
cial prosperity is exhibited; and not only that,
but, I was going to say, we might lay ourselves
open to the reproach of remissness in a matter
which, as legislators and patriots, it should be our
chief aim to foster, promote, and advance by
every constitutional means at our command.
England has shown to the world in her policy
towards China what she considered, due to her
subjects in her commercial dealings; and that, too,
without stopping to inquire how far, in the eyes
of other nations, she could be justified in doing so,
in a moral point of view.
The opium war began in 1839 between England
and China. The important island of Chusan was
captured by the English in 1840. This is the
principal one of the archipelago of islands.on the
Chinese coast, and commands the mouth of the
great Yang-tse-Kiang river as a maritime station,
being four hundred and fifty miles from Japan and
Cores—a voyage from them of less than a day and
a half by steam. This was the prelude to the cap-
ture of Canton in 1841. The storming of an im-
portant point near Nankin in July, 1842, and
the preparations for taking that ancient city itself,
led the way to the treaty of peace in August of
that year, by which the Tartar Government of
China agreed to pay $21,000,000 to the British for
the expenses of the war, and for opium delivered
in 1839 to the authorities of Canton, with certain
liabilities to British merchants; besides openingfor
mercantile purposes, Jive of the most considerable
ports in the Chinese empire; being those of Can-
ton, in 23°, of Amoy 24° 30',of Foo-Chew in 260
15',Ningpoo 29° 55", and Shanghai, in the 31°
of north latitude.
In th$ conferences of Nankin, (or Keang-nam \
as it is called in China,) the Chinese, far their own
btntfit, and not for that of England, indicated their ,
intention to open their ports to all nations, and I
this was agreed to on the part of Great Britain,
who claimed and secured to herself also a partici- '
pation in any advantages which China thereafter ;
might concede by treaty to other nations.
The United States having previously enjoyed
the right of commercial intercourse with Canton,
became invested with the additional privileges of
the other four .ports, in virtue of the Chinese |
stipulation in the treaty of Nankin, in 1842. The
Government of the United States, early in the
year following, took measures for the further
security, protection, and extension of our mari- j
time rights in the East; and accordingly, in May,
1843, a United States Commissioner to China was i
appointed. _ j
Our rapidly-increasing trade with that Empire,
not only in the wav of imports of tea and other
articles of luxuij, but in exports from this coun-
try, rendered it indispensable that the interests of
this nation should be diplomatically represented
there, in order to establish friendly national inter-
communication, and to reduce our commercial
rights to treaty form.
This resulted, under the management of the late
distinguished Secretary of State, Mr. Webster,
and of our skillful and accomplished envoy, Mr
Cushing, in the conclusion, on the 3d July, 1844,
of the treaty of Wang-Hiya, containing many
valuable provisions not embraced in the Britisn
treaty at Nankin or its supplement, and express-
ly stipulating, in the fourth article, for the full
recognition of consuls, or other officers that the
United States might choose to appoint, for the
superintendence and protection of our trade.
By this treaty, the United States are firmly
placed upon the footing of the most favored na-
tions, and have secured to themselves the trade
with the Jive great ports mentioned; which are
appurtenant to the most populous and richest
provinces of the empire.
The growing commercial power of this Govern-
ment is now everywhere acknowledged by the
civilized nations of the earth; and we are admitted
to be a proud and dangerous rival of our trans-
atlantic competitor for a full share of the trade
with Asia. When the treaty of 3d July, 1844,
was concluded between the United States and
China, who would have imagined that it was the
destiny of this nation permanently to establish its
power, in less than four short years, upon the
Pacific ocean, over a line of sea-coast more than
sixteen hundred miles in length, and almost equal
to the original extent of our Atlantic maritime
frontier ?
From this new and commanding position, which
geographically and politically places us in the first
rank of the commercial communities of the earth,
we can turn to the wide field of enterprise pre-
sented for the exercise of American energy, and
plainly anticipate benefits, of which it is no fancy
sketch to say that the realization of the golden
visions of Columbus, Cortes, or Pizarro, fade into
insignificance when viewed in this comparison.
The stores of universal wealth, which their cupid-
ity collected at the expense of violated humanity,
and by deeds of wrong and cruelty, served, under
the order of Providence, only to impoverish and
ultimately bankrupt the parent land of those bold
adventurers. Their only desire was to acquire,
at any cost of bloodshed or iniquity, boundless
wealth. Our purpose is a peaceful and far nobler
one. Seeking nothing from the violence which
marked the career of Spanish policy towards the
Indies, and continent of the western world; noth-
ing from the reluctant subservience of downtrod-
den authority, we struggle for a power approved
by reason and good conscience, and a wealth
which, generously expended, will administer aid
to the great cause of human progress.
In pursuit of these objects, we must discover at
once the efficiency of the auxiliary now proposed
to be created in the establishment of a certain, di-
rect, and periodical intercourse, by steam-ships,
with the five ports now legitimately open to us.
This will be the beginning of an expansive com-
merce not only at those ports, but will be the pre-
lude, at no distant day, to a trade, which, passing
these portals of the Empire, shall reach its vast in-
terior, abounding in wealth, and in the produc-
tions of every department of human industry.
Here before us, fronting our Pacific possessions
from the east, and washed by the waters of the
same ocean, lies the vast empire of China, three
thousand miles long by two thousand broad, cov-
ering an area of five and a quarter millions of
square miles, intersected bymighty rivers, some of
which may be compared to those of our own land.
The Hoang-Ho, or Yellow river, is an instance,
taking its rise between two ridges of mountains,
in the northwest of China, and flowing southeast-
erly, with a direct course of some twelve hundred
miles from its mouth, and nearly two thousand in
its numerous detours, it disembogues about two
hundred miles north of Shanghai, having for its
basin an area of seven hundred thousand square
miles. There is also the Yang-tse-Kiang river, or
" Girdle of China," as it is called, a beautiful and
tranquil river, rising in the southern declivities of
the mountains near the source of the Yellow river,
and running in its general course a southeasterly
j direction, a distance of one thousand eight hun-
j dred and fifty miles from its source, and three
i thousand in all its windings, disemboguing be-
tween the thirty-first and thirty-second degrees of
north latitude, about seventy miles north of Shang-
hai, with an embouchure thirty miles wide, and
navigable a distance of two hundred miles, as far
as Nankin, for the largest sized vessels, draining
a basin of seventy-five thousand square miles. ■
There is no country in the eastern world which
can compare with China for great natural facilities
of inland navigation. Its canals are innumerable,
one of which, the Yunho, or Transit canal, con-
structed in the fourteenth century, is a stupendous
work, eight hundred miles long, with its banks
protected by masonry, and connects the two great
rivers I have mentioned, where they approach
each other. Besides these main arteries of interior
connection, are numerous other rivers, emptying
into the oceans along the coast, which is lined in
its whole extent with islands.
This immense empire, abounding in coal, an-
thracite, and bituminous crystalized gypsum, mar-
ble, sandstone, nitre, rock salt, common salt, the
ruby, diamond, amethyst, garnet, agate, and other
precious stones, with the precious and useful
metals, is held, as we all know, by an industrious,
acute, and ingenious people, with an extensive and
cultivated literature, and possessing a wonderful
knowledge, now and for ages past, in most of the
arts and sciences. The attention of the commer-
cial world, however, has been mainly drawn to
China on account of its great staple, tea, the
principal article of export; of which, as their bot-
anists say, there are two hundred varieties. But
besides this, a large export trade is'carried on in
Nankin cloth, porcelain, rhubarb, ginger, mer-
cury, zinc, borax, shawls, mother-of-pearl, and
ivory goods in great diversity.
Besides this great political division of Asia, we
have, lying almost at its doors, and situated upon
the ocean track which the clause I have preseuted
contemplates for the line of mail-steamers, the
Empire of Japan; between the 31st and 46th de-
frees of north latitude, and the 129th and 143d
egrees of longitude east of Greenwich; consisting
of a group of islands, the principal of which are
Niphon, eight hundred miles long by eighty-six
in breadth; Kiusiu, Sikof, also a part of the Ku-
rile Islands, and ofSaghalien; the whole covering
a surface of two hundred and seventy thousand
square miles.
From this empire the European commercial
world, except Holland, is wholly shut out, by the
stringent and exclusive policy of the court of Yedo,
the political capital, and the residence of the Seo-
goon or Emperor. And even that nation is limited
to a trade with the port of Nangasaki, situated in
latitude 32° 30' on the western side of Kiusiu, one
of the Japanese cluster. In looking at the control-
ling position of this chain of islands, their vast re-
sources and facilities for trade, their exuberant
supplies of the treasures of the earth, and handi-
work of man, the high state of mental culture of
their inhabitants, much greater even than that of
their neighbors, the Chinese and Coreans, it is a
matter of astonishment that this condition of af-
fairs should have continued until the present time.
We find this country, known to the Portuguese
half a century after the discovery of America by
Columbus, when one of the Portuguese ships was
wrecked upon that inhospitable shore. This was
the beginning of a lucrative commerce between the
two nations, and led to an immense exportation to
Macao and Goa; but resulting, in consequence of
religious interference and intolerance, in expulsion
of these foreign traders by the Japanese authorities,
in less than a century after the Portuguese, Mendez
Pinto, was cast away upon the coast of Japui. In
like manner, two centuries and a half ago, the
Dutch obtained a foothold there, through the tact
and skill of an English pilot, who actually secured
for Great Britain a treaty of special commercial
privileges in the year 1613; ^in consequence of
which the English East India Company established
a factory at Firando, from which they were sub-
sequently driven by the jealousy of the Dutch.
The political events since that period show that
this treaty has never been insisted upon on the
part of the British Government as having any
binding force. Tii 1r 13, wlien the British captured
the Island of Java from the Dutch, Sir Stanford
Raffles, as Lieutenant-Governor of the Island of
Java and its dependencies—a man who saw th 
