1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1015
Mr. GWIN. In order that the objection may
be met, I sin willing to fill up the blank, so that it
sha'i not exceed j>tI0U,O(HI a year.
Mr. HKODHl'AD. Who are the people with
whom we are to have correspondence in China?
Wiiat is the amount of American population
there ■' What is the business there rendering the
establishment of such a line necessary?
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 believe, sir, it is within
the rules to speak upon all subjects when anyone
subject in particular is up; at least I think so, tor I
un ierstooil yesterday that an appropriation bill was
uniierconsiueration, and yet the tariff was under
discussion tor a'loui two tnirdsot" theday, I pre-
sume. theret' re, it will not be much departure from
the custom of debate if I should deviate a little
from the strict rules of the Senate; and if I do so,
1 trust 1 may be excusable. But as this amend-
ment relates to foreign countries, and as conse-
quences veiy important to this country may re-
sult from it, u will not, I hope, be irrelevant to
circumstances connected with the war-making
power of this nation, for I understand that the
proposed steamers are to be made convertible into
war-steamers if necessity should arise.
Mr. President, resolutions have been introduced
into this body, in reference to our foreign relations,
of great and serious import, and I cannot suffer
this opportunity to pass without availing myself
of it to offer an expression of my views, how-
ever lightly they may be regarded, and however
weighty and important the considerations may be
in opposition to the notions which I entertain. I
aai aware, sir, of the importance of the subject,
and I am also aware of the ability, the talents,
and intelligence which have already been employed
in its discussion, and therefore I shall not expect
either to enlighten the Senate, or to convince the
gentlemen whose judgment has already taken a
direction; but [ shall at least have the satisfaction,
I trust, of having brought to myself the consola-
tion of havm  done what I think to be my duty.
Our foreign relations at this time are most har-
monious. There may be in the political horizon
specks of portentous aspect, but they are few and
ambiguous. I have always regarded it as the
duty of the statesman to look to the future, to
realize the present, and to indulge as little as pos-
 .ble in retrospection. The realization of the pres-
ent, or the anticipation of the future may be the
best employment of our intellectual faculties. I
regret the introduction into this body of the reso-
lutions to which I allude. I have no reflections
to cast upon those gentlemen who have thought
proper to introduce them, and to press them upon
the body. They have more experience, more in-
telligence, and more ability than I have, and have
a renown for statesmanship and capacity in civil
affairs which I dare not emulate. Yet, sir, my
notions are of a class perhaps peculiar to them-
selves; and for that reason I may the more perti-
naciously cherish them.
It has been my opinion that anything at this
time caicu'ated to awaken an unusual degree of
anxiety, which may emanate from the Senate,
will not be calculated to advantage the commu-
nity at large. I do not regard the Senate as the
exponent of public opinion further than that opin-
ion has been expressed. There has been no pub-
lic expression upon this subject. Are we to assume
the prerogative of dictating, and saying what shall
be the public sentiment, and what are the public
opinions of the country or among the masses of
the people?
The Senate I understand to have the power of
carrying into effect the expression of the will of
the people, in part or in conjunction with other
powers. It is not certainly their duty to manu-
facture opinions here, and to throw them out at
large into the community to give complexion to
public sentiment. Sir, public opinion is very well
regulated; we have an intelligent community
throughout our country; they think, they deliber-
ate, and when they decide, it is generally done
correctly.
At this particular time, I deem the passage of
any such resolutions as those to which I have re-
ferred aa unfortunate. A new Executive is about
to commence his career, and he has not yet indi-
cated the direction which he will take. For this
body to adopt resolves which might have a tend-
ency to impress him in any way, and not leave
him free to take his own course in the ad ministra-
tion of the affairs of the Government, would, I
should think, be as discourteous to him as it would '
be presumptive on our part. I am for leaving him
free to act as he thinks proper, and not to commit j
him beforehand to any particular line of policy, '
not to influence his opinion, but to let him walk
by the light of his own intelligence; and if he re-
quires the assistance of his advisory counsel, the
Senate of the United States, and presents subjects
to their consideration, it will be proper for them,
then, to render him their opinion, and not to an-
ticipate the course he should take in relation to
those matters. If the Senate should pass such re-
solves and his policy should not concur with them,
with all the lights he had, he has at least to meet i
the action of the Senate, and he has to dispose of I
that, cumbering himself with difficulties which, if i
the Senate had not acted, he would have avoided
at the commencement. |
Mr. President, it is said that the resolutions to
which I have referred commit us to no particular
course of policy, but leave us free, and that they
will not commit the Executive of the nation. If
they commit us to nothing, they are entirely un-
important, and can be of no advantage. We re-
serve nothing but the right to act as we think
proper, in the event of certain things being done
by other nations, a right inherent to our Govern-
ment, and one that needs no reassertion at this
time. Why, sir, it is well known that it is a prin-
ciple inherent in the American heart; it is there
implanted at this day, and has entered into the
very soul of the nation. You cannot wrest that
principle from it, and leave political vitality in the
body-politic. Is it believed that if an encroach-
ment is made upon the perogatives of this nation,
, if its security is endangered, or its rights infringed,
that it will bow in humiliation to any earthly
Power? It is in vain to think it. Sir, the prin-
ciple rests in the heart, and it will be found in the
arm, to sustain the Executive whenever he deems
it necessary, in the control of our foreign relations, '
. to raise his crest as the representative of America.
He certainly has opportunities superior to ours of
possessing himself of the condition and state of
the foreign relations of the country. It is his i
everyday business, when placed in the Executive
chair, to look at our foreign relations. He is in 1
control of all our international correspondence.
The diplomatic machinery of the Government is
all laid before him; and in his Cabinet councils he
contemplates them, surrounded by men of capa-
city and ability to sustain him, and if he needs
advice, ready to offer it. Are we, in advance of
the course which he may think proper to take, to
say what is right and what is wrong in our foreign
relations? Our relations to him are delicate; we
are his advisers. We are here for a little while—
for a few months in the year—and when we go
away, we lose the " run" or " hang" of things,
as it ia familiarly called, while his mind is contin-
ually considering, and familiar with every passing
' occurrence abroad. In this way, he is more ca-
! pable of determining what it will be proper to
recommend to the coordinate branches of the Gov-
ernment for their concurrence, than they are ca-
pable of anticipating what he, under the circum-
stances, ought to do.
Another thing: The President has responsi-
bility; his opinions and his recommendations are
no idle matter; they are the offspring of the Con-
stitution, for he is required, by that sacred chart
of our liberties, to give advice and suggestions to
the legislative branch of the Government for their
concurrence. Under these circumstances it is cer-
tain that he will be better qualified to make sug-
gestions to us than we shall be to make them to
him. The President is individually responsible
for his acts. If he is guilty of dereliction or im-
propriety of conduct, there is but one Executiveand
he can be identified, and any malfeasance or mis-
feasancecan be individually charged to him. There
is no one to divide the responsibility with him.
Hence, as the greater responsibility rests upon
him, the greater will be the consideration which
he will give to the subjects coming before him.
But, sir, if the Senate of the United States, a nu-
merous body of men, choose to take a course that
i8 either impolitic or unwise in itself, or unsafe to
be adopted in regard to our foreign relations, the
: consequence will be that there are no less than
sixty-two men to divide the responsibility, and it
1 amounts to nothing at all; whereas the President
i being an individual, feels that he is bound to the
i whole nation, and responsible for every act that
he does. I would rather rely upon his sugges-
tions, and carry out the policy indicated by him,
if proper, or advise with him upon his recommend-
ation, than I would suggest to him what course
of policy would meet the opinion of the people,
when, in fact, the Senators can know nothing
about it, for it is a matter that has not been dis-
cussed by the people.
I tell you, sir, the principle of the Monroe doc-
trine, as it is called, rests in the hearts of the peo-
ple. They are contented that it should be there.
The principle was announced in 1823. It has re-
mained uncontradicted from that day to the pres-
ent. It will remain uncontradicted, or war will
be the inevitable consequence, if there is no other
alternative for the maintenance of that principle;
and it will not be a party or individuals who will
engage in it; it will be the nation that will do it;
they will vindicate their honor and their character.
Then, sir, you might as well reijnact the Decla-
ration of Independence, for the Monroe doctrine ia
an emanation from it. It is a bough from the
great tree of Independence, and you cannot cut it
off without destroying the trunk. I cannot see
any use in the introduction of the resolutions to
which I have referred. I have deemed the dis-
cussion of these subjects here of peculiar import-
ance, and in many respects unfortunate. I say
nothing about the waste of time. I have nothing
with which to reproach gentlemen upon that point.
I felicitate myself that I am drawing but a very
small portion of the time to which I would have
been entitled if I had an equal opportunity with
some gentlemen in this Chamber.
There is a remarkable coincidence in a train of
circumstances which have grown up in this coun-
try which have had an exciting and important in-
fluence upon it. To be sure we have had no cities
sacked, no armies slain, no houses conflagrated;
but, sir, the public has been excited to an unusual
degree upon some occasions;—whether benefi-
ciaHy or not, I will not pretend to say. In 1849,
when difficulties arose between Austria and her
dependency, Hungary, resolutions on the subject
were introduced into this body. They were dis-
cussed a length of time. There was no action
upon them, I grant you; but yet, throughout this
broad land, speeches of honorable gentlemen,
speeches of great ability and statesmanship, went
forth. If that had been a case of just interference
on our part, it would have been well; but, sir,
these speeches went forth. Soon after that, diffi-
culties of no ordinary character arose, for we find
that in May, 1850, five months after the introduc-
tion into the Senate of the resolutions to which I
refer, the first Cuban invasion took place. How
far the debates in this body might have influenced
that invasion, I do not pretend to say; I merely
remark the coincidence—nothing further. It is
certain, however, that they had some influence.
Again we find that the public mind was excited,
the popular feeling was sought to be drawn into
that channel. And why? The excuse was, that
the opinions which emanated from the Senate
Chamber seemed to unloose the bonds that bound
society in constitutional or treaty allegiance, and
they thought it was a time of general turmoil and
i uproar. That was the excuse.
I Sir, we find that fifteen months after the first
Cuban invasion of 1850, the second Cuban inva-
sion, iff August, 1851, occurred. We know the
disastrous consequences of that invasion; we know
the unhappy state of feeling, and the deep-toned
' commiseration which possessed every heart; sym-
j pathy almost amounted to frenzy, and almost
involved us in a foreign war. This was not by
the advisement of the United States. These men
did not go under the authority of this Govern-
I ment, but an excuse was urged, that if a grave de-
S liberative body was willing to interfere across the
i Atlantic in foreign affairs, why might not the people
1 of the United States interfere in their vicinity in
taking Cuba, if possible?
It was not long after this, when another exci-
| ting circumstance took place.
| We had not escaped from these difficulties when
I the advent of the illustrious stranger, Kossuth,
I was announced. I was not captivated by his ad-
i vent, Mr. President. A portion of my life had
' been spent among the Indians. They are a cau-
tious and considerate people, and I had learned
to reconnoiter character a little when it comes
about me, and I am liable to come in contact
with it. I played the Indian, and was wary. I
