1016
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
received him, sir, in concurrence with the other
Senators. I wished his country liberty, as I
wished the world liberty, but I did not wish to
disregard our relations and obligations to other
countries. He was hailed, he was greeted, he
was welcomed, on some occasions, more triumph-
antly than ever La Fayette, the friend of Wash-
ington. Comparethe men, compare their feelings,
their impulses, and their actions, and—
« that was, to this, Hyperion to a satyr.''
What claims had he upon us ? He had claims of
sympathy. If he had ever fleshed his sword for
liberty, he had a claim upon our admiration and
our fraternal feelings. But he had not done it.
He had left Hungary, he had denounced Gorgey,
After the arrival of Kossuth, another set of res-
olutions-was introduced. It was contemplated, I
believe, then, to interfere in the aff irs of Europe
merely by a proclamation on pape'. not seriously
to interfere; for it was said it would not be re-
garded by them as any interferenc ,and would be
no provocation. Suppose it hau been well re-
ceived by them, would they not have had an op-
portunity of reiterating upon us, " You know
nothing about our business, and you have inter-
fered in things with which you have no concerp.
It is no principle in your creed; it is nowhere laid
down that you should interfere in European af-
fairs?" We find this Monroe doctrine, as it is
called, enforced by an extract from a letter of Mr.
and had thrown'upon him the responsibility of Jefferson on which the declaration was predi-
He disregarded his colleagues ' cated, and in which it originated. We find, that
the Government. „ _ .
in Office when he was at the head of affairs in
Hungary. He threw all the responsibility upon
Gorgey when Gorgey was helpless, and he h'm"
self had retreated with five thousand men. A
beautiful armv for liberty '• Five thousand men
alone, would strike for liberty against thousands
on thousands. Yet he retreated with a body-
guard of five thousand. And after he had nego-
tiated for a succedaneum, for a resting-place, he
went away, leaving "poor Hungary" down-
trodden and bleeding. It is known, now, that
somebody liumbugsred us, or we humbugged our-
selves. Sir, it was Kossuth that humbugged the
whole of us. [Laughter.]
Mr. MASON. Not all of us.
Mr. HOUSTON. We have to take it collect-
ively. Kossuth was received here not only as
our own chieftains and warriors have been re-
ceived, but he appeared in the Senate Chamber in
a costume with which Washington would never
have entered and departed. He appeared at that
deBk with a sword by his side. My blood boiled
when I saw it; for I detest tyranny or a symbol i
of despotism in any way, or any approach of the j
military to an equality with the civil. He wore
at his side, in the halls of legislation, a sword, a
thing that Washington never did, but to surrender
it with his power to the counsellors of his coun-
try. Yet Kossuth entered and left the Chamber
with an unfleshed sword upon his thigh; for he ;
never saw the face of an enemy in his life. Think
you not, if spirits have ubiquity, that the spirit of
Washington did not revisit the earth, and con-
template with supreme indignation a scene that
seemed, even by a symbol, to menace the work of
his hands? Sir, these things have passed and
gone, and I have but little to say in regard to
them. If Kossuth had been the representative of
gallant and daring Hungarians,of men who struck
for liberty, and failed for want of numbers suffi-
cient to have achieved their independence, he
would have been entitled to the immortality of
Tell; or if he had perished in the attempt, he
would have been gloriously embalmed in the
lieartR of all lovers of liberty. But, sir, he had
no such proud trophies. He was supremely pe-
cuniary in everything. The dollars, and the con-
tributions, and a splendid retinue, with a body-
guard, to march him through the land, were all [,
that he cared about. He marched through the !
country with a body-guard, whereas there is but [
one shield needed in this country for any man.
An honest and a manly heart will protect him ;
always. I cannot let these things pass, because I
admire true patriotism. There is now aman in this
city whom I cannot pass by unnoticed. He is ,
one who, though unfortunate in rebellion and un-
advised in his action, was young, ardent, and gen-
erous. Contriving for no place of refuge, he was ;
taken in the fact. I refer to young Meagher, an ,
Irishman. He looks like a hero, and bears the
stamp and image of a man. He asks for no
money; he wants no "material aid" to retire
upon, and become Mr. Smith in England, [laugh-
ter ,1 as it is said Kossuth has done.
Sir, much as I admire the patriots who strike for
liberty—much as I admire the noble people whom
Kossuth purported to represent—much as I admire
all men who have struggled even unfortunately or
misguidedly for liberty, no matter where—much
as I admire the promptings which actuated them,
and love the cause in which they have been en-
gaged; yet when a man proves recreant to a noble
cause, forsrets his people, lives in comfort, splen-
dor, and display, while they have to bite the dust
or enaw the file in agony, I have no sympathy for
that man.
in 1823, speaking in relation to the desire of
England to unite with the United Stotes in pre-
venting the resubjugation of the South American
colonies, and in reference to a proposed course of
policy on our part within our hemisphere, pre-
venting colonization or interference by European
Powers, Mr. Jefferson said to Mr. Monroe:
" The question presented by the letters you have sent me
is the mo«t momentous which has ever been offered to my
contemplation since that of independence. That made us
anation; this seisourcompass.and points the course which
we are to steer through the ocean of time. And never could
we embark 011 it under circumstances more auspicious.
Our first and fundamental maxim should be, never to en-
tangle ourselvesm the broilsoi Europe. Our second, never |
to suffer Europe to intermeddle with cisatlantic affairs. I
America, North and South, has a set of interests distinct
from those of Europp, and peculiarly her own. She should,
therefore, have a system of her own, separate and apart from
that of Europe; the last is laboring to become the domicil
of despotism—our endeavor should surely be to make our
hemisphere that of freedom." !
If we had regarded the admonitions of Mr. Jef- j
ferson, we should not have interfered in the broils j
of Europe. Was not the Hungarian revolution 1
a broil in Europe, and therefore appertaining to (
European affairs? Was not the intervention of |
i Russia also pertaining to European affairs, with i
which it was not our business to embroil ourselves? j
Then, sir, we had nothing to do with it. What
is the case now ? Because troubles have arisen in
Cuba, and because England and France have in-
dicated a disposition to secure Cuba to Spain, are
we to make a protest that no Power can or shall
interfere, colonize, or in any way occupy this hem- :
isphere, but we are to reserve the right inviolable, j
and, in us, indefeasible?
Sir, it has been said repeatedly that the inva-
sion of Cuba was in imitation of a revolution that i
occurred in our neighborhood, and of which I
have some cognizance. It has been said that there
is a striking analogy between the attempts made
; upon Cuba and the revolution of Texas. Sir, I
1 nothing has ever been more misapprehended on
earth than the facts in relation to the course pur-
sued by Texas as a colony, or component part of
the Republic of Mexico. We find in Cuba that
,j no revolution was going on. The people were
i quiet and tranquil. I admit that it would be to us
j! a galling and intolerable despotism; but they had
„ been reared under that despotism, and have been
! accustomed to it and know nothing better. They
[ have not intelligence sufficient to comprehend lib-
erty, or to understand the philosophy of it. Sir,
; there was no revolution existing in Cuba. The
inception of it was here in our country, when we
. were on terms of peace and in amity with Spain.
In relation to that matter I have my opinion. Let
other nations do as they will with their subjects.
However glad I would be to see all mankind
under a free and beneficent constitution, I must
say that if it is not so, it is their own business.
We have ours to attend to, and let us attend to it.
If we make treaties with nations, let us maintain
them inviolate. It is not only the duty of the
law-makers, or the Executive of our country, to
maintain peace, but it is really the duty of every
individual; for unlike other countries, where the
will of a sovereign or a ministry directs their pol-
icy and negotiates their treaties, our sovereignty ;
resides in the people themselves, and every man
is a constituent part of that sovereignty. He
delegates the power to representatives to negotiate
| and to establish treaties, and he is bound individ-
ually, as well as we all are bound nationally, to
adhere to and maintain the national good faith.
revolution was progressing within the limits of
the United States. There was a junta in this
country making preparations for the invasion of
Cuba, and not to join in a revolution there, which
is a proof that there was no anticipation of a
revolution in Cuba. I need only refer to the fact
that when the forces landed there, there was no
uprising amongst the people. Then there is no
analogy between that and the condition of the
people of Texas when they resisted—resisted,
I say, sir, for they never rebelled. Their case is
not understood, and it is due to the truth of his-
tory that a short expositioi^of facts should on this
occasion be submitted not only to the Senate, but
to a candid world.
The people who emigrated from the United
States to Texas, went there under a constitution
almost identical with the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, and to that constitution they swore
allegiance. They had certain inducements held
out to them. They were notcrampel in their set-
tlement. There was a wide dorm and it was
liberally dispensed by Mexico; fo in place of a
little contracted farm of six hun ied and forty
acres, every man had his three m es square of
land, and for this they were all to eril their lives
in repelling the wild Indians upon 1 eborders, and
to build up for Mexico an establis 'd community.
They engaged to do so in good aith, and they
' continued in it from 1825 up to 1 35, multiplying
I in number and in resources, gathering about them
' all the elements of prosperity; and when they were
prosperous, they became objects of the cupidity of
Mexico, which attempted to rob them. The peo-
ple submitted to successive drafts made upon them,
I and yielded obedience. Years afterwards, when a
I revolution grew up, there was just cause for it, as
| I shall show.
{ The constitution of 1824 was subverted by Bus-
' tamente in 1832. After the subversion of that
1 constitution, Santa Anna, then a military chief,
I became the champion of free principles, and he
i warred successfully against Bustamente, with the
] aid of troops stationed in the interior of Texas,
for they never saw the frontier near us. They did
not engage in war with the Indians, but left the
citizens to attend to them. Those citizens, when
they received this intelligence, instantly rose in be-
half of free principles, and under the standard of
I Santa Anna's edict they achieved, not the inde-
i pendence of Texas, but the expulsion of the troops,
( and had them turned over to the authority of Santa
Anna, the then champion of liberty in Mexico,
i This was in 1832.
In 1834 or 1835, Santa Anna deemed fit to sub-
vert the constitution and proclaim himself Dictator
of the Republic of Mexico, governing with the rod
of his power, and the mandate of his will. Under
these circumstances, the Texans remained loyal;
but he was not satisfied, for as they had helped
him to expel tyrants, it indicated an aversion on
their part to tyrants altogether; and as he had as-
sumed to be one, they were his enemies from that
time. General Santa Anna sent his officers to
Texas to demand of them their arms which were
necessary to them for their defense and the defense
of their families—those arms which had often re-
pelled the Indians from their border, and sustained
the flag of Mexico. They told him that arms were
necessary for their support, not only to give them
food from the game which they brought to them,
but were indispensable to their protection against
the Indians who hovered upon their h >rders.
That excuse was not deemed sufficient. The pri-
vate arms of Texas were demanded. The people
would not surrender them. There was but one
piece of cannon left to protect a frontier of more
than six hundred miles. The authorities of Mexi-
co sent their cavalry to take this from Gonzalos,
a place imminent in its exposure to hostile inva-
sion. The Mexicans, when they demanded it,
were told to come and take it. They attempted it
and were repulsed, but no lives were lost. They
returned to Mier, and there fortified themselves
and denounced war. Two hundred men attacked
eleven hundred of them in their fortress, took it,
let them march out with the honors of war, eave
them their arms, and let them return to Mexico.
This it was hoped had terminated the difficulty.
But by the ensuing spring, Santa Anna, Dictator
of Mexico, and prospective emperor of that rich
I have deplored the fate of the unfortunate and ! and beautiful realm, advanced upon Texas with
deluded men who went there: but, sir, Cuba had ! the best appointed army, perhaps, that had ever
no revolution progressing in her island. The ,1 pressed the earth of America with its tread. It
