1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1017
vtts well munitioned, appointed, and disciplined, i
The most of the soldiers were veteran troops, j
The whole population of Texas at that time was
small. If it exceeded fifteen thousand it was won-
derful; yet Sants Anna advanced upon them. He
besieged the fortress of Mier. He took it, and
massacred every man in it. Then it was that
some of the citizens of the United States rallied in
numbers to assist Texas engaged in actual revolu-
tion, for she had then been a year in the revolu-
tion when they rted to us. The men at Mier were
captured by Urrea, the General of Santa Anna,
and alter the capitulation, barbarously slaughtered.
There the faith of nations, and the rules of war
were defied, and the act was done in derision of
the civilization of the nineteenth century.
Was there then a voice heard in this Chamber
advocatn g or introducing a resolution in vindica-
tion of the rights of Texas? Not one voice was
heard at that time. Those gallant spirits who fell
m hecatombs, with their footsteps almost on Amer-
ican soil, were hardly washed out or obliterated;
yet this nation was not convulsed. We heard of
no sympathetic throb issuing from these Cham-
bers, no indignant voice raised in denunciation of
the barbarity committed towards Texas. Did
Texas ever complain to this Government ? From
1836 to 1343, did she ever remonstrate to this
Government ? In 1843, when she did remonstrate,
what was it' She said to the three great Powers
of the earth, to France, England, and the United
States, " We ask no assistance, we invoke the in-
vasion of our enemies, and upon a well-arranged
ar.d well-fought field, we will chance our liberty;
but compel our adversary to the rules of civilized
warfare." That was all we asked. The Govern-
ment of the United States, acting upon its wise
and prudent and proper policy, did not interfere.
A letter was written by Air. Webster, creditable
to him, creditable to his head, and to his heart,
as is everything which ever emanated from him.
But it was not reearded by Mexico, and we were
the sufferers. Indians were brought in and thrown
in the scale against us. Texas was contending
asainst all these difficulties. The Texans were
contending for their homes, their families, their
fire^des, and the altars of their household gods,
for they were permitted to have no churches there;
and hence perhaps a good deal of their feeling.
I contend that while we maintain our national
faith it is not right to extend our jurisdiction be-
yond our own hemisphere. We should confine
our action here. Why should we go and turn our
attention to European affairs ? Why this care for
other people' Did you show it towards Texas?
Let us see.
I wish to show you the policy which actuated
General Jackson; and no man ever felt a stronger
sympathy for any people on earth, than he did for
the Texans. All will admit that that great, enlight-
ened, and patriotic citizen was actuated by high
and generous impulses; and if this feeling which
now seems to prevail among some honorable
gentlemen, was then in existence, might he not
have lavished it with some propriety upon the
Texans, then in a struggling condition ? for they
were bone of his bone, and flesh of his flesh. Did
he not sympathize with Texas under all the appall-
ing influences of necessity on her part, for it was
known to the world (though not imparted by her,
in strains of plaintive solicitation) that she was
suffering? Yet the Roman spirit of Jackson, that
spirit that never yielded, that steel that neverfailed,
had firmness and character enough in his holy ad-
hesion to the principles of this Government, and
i's Constitution, to maintain inviolate the faith of
the treaties with Mexico. He said that if Texas
must be free she would vindicate it to the world.
That was his consolation. He said, Would that
1 were there to rescue them, or to interpose my
life in their defense, but here I have a sacred duty
to perform, and that I will perform. I will read
his language, when a requisition had been made
upon him; and from that it will be discovered with
what remarkable pertinacity General Jackson ad-
hered to the principle, that the faith of treaties is
inviolable; that you cannot violate them without
dishonor.
Owing to the peculiar character of the troubles
on the frontier of Texas, and the general excite-
ment amongst the Indians in the United States be-
longing to the frontier of Texas, three regiments
of men were called out by General Gaines, who
was then stationed within twenty-five milea of the
Sabine, the boundary separating Texas from the
United States. It was thought, owing to the
great excitement in Texas and the activity of our
revolution, that if the troops were drawn near the
borders they would desert and go to Texas. If
they had done so it would have made the Execu-
tive of the United States liable orsubjected him to
the imputation of bad faith, and it would have
been said that it was a mere ruse for the purpose
of introducing Americans into Texas. In order
to show his views on that occasion, let me read an
extract from General Jackson's letter to Ganeral
Gaines, in August, 1836:
*' The obligations of our treaty with Mexico, as well as
the general principles which govern our intercourse with
foreign Powers, require us to maintain a strict neutrality
in the contest which now agitate* a part of that Republic.
So long a* Mexico fulfills her duties to us, as they are de-
fined bv the treaty, and violates none of the rights which
are secured by u to our citizens, any act on the part of the
Government of the United States which would tend to fos-
ter a spint of resistance to her laovernnient and laws, what-
ever may be their character and form, when administered
within her own limits and jurisdiction, would be unauthor-
ized and highly improper."—Ex. Doc. 1836,1637. Vol. 1.
Doc. 2, p. 58.
Sir, could a more positive act of discountenance
have been given to any part of the people on the
frontier to join in the revolution that was then pro-
gressing in Texas? Not at all. And even after
that, we find lie was not satisfied by the discour-
agements that he had given their taking any par-
ticipancy in the warfare, but we find him more
conclusive, if possible, and more determined that
the imputation of suspicion should not attach to
this Government while he wore the scepter placed
in his hands by the American people; for he said,
in a message to the Senate of December 22, 1836:
<fc ft is true with regard to Texas, the civil authority of
Mexico has been expelled, its invading army defeated, the
chief of the Republic himself captured, and all present power
to control the newly-organized Government of Texas an-
nihilated within its confines. But on the other hand, there
is an appearance at least of immense disparity of physical
force or? the side of Mexico. The Mexican Republic, under
another execution, is rallyingits forces under a new leader,
and menacing a fresh invasion to recover its lost dominion.
Upon the issue ofthis threatened invasion the independence
ot Texa  may be considered as suspended ; and weie there
nothing peculiar in the relative situation of the United States
and Texas, our acknowledgment of its independence at
>uch a crisis would scarcely be regarded as consistent with
that prudent reserve with which we have heretofore held
ourselves bound to treat all Mmiiar questions.1'
That shows the spirit that actuated General
Jackson. Where did he derive these principles
from ? They were seeds sown in the Revolution.
They had brought forth good fruit, and it was a
plentiful harvest. General Jackson imbibed these
principles at a time when he was young. They
were matured in the practical operation of this
Government. He foresaw that without adhesion
to some great principle of integrity, this nation
could never be prosperous, never glorious, and
ought never to be fortunate. Sir, he was an idol-
j ator of his country. He loved it above all things
j earthly. He wished it not only to be pure, but to
t be above suspicion; and he wished to act so as to
show not merely the propriety of its actions, but
the purity of the motives which governed it.
Sir, it was suggested by the honorable Senator
from Michigan, [Mr. Cass,] when his resolutions
; were under consideration in relation to breaking off
, our diplomatic intercourse with Austria—and I
I presume his remark is equally applicable to his
| resolutions at this time—that opposition to them
! might arise from timidity, or that, from some other
I feeling, we were unwilling to make these declara-
| tions to the world. I cannot think so. I would
1 think it rather reverting to a sober second thought
' than to decline adopting them in hot haste, and
[ declaring to the whole world that we have a right
i to do what the whole world acknowledges that we
i have a right to do. He is not willing to compare
. our condition with that of our ancestors, when
I they submitted to certain oppressions and condi-
tions laid upon them. I cannot believe that our
j ancestors were timid, or that they were deficient
I in anything of the constituents of manhood and
nobility. Such an association of men, such a
number of heroes, such a constellation of states-
men, the world had never before contemplated,
and I presume it never will. What did they
leave unaccomplished that was worthy of accom-
plishment? In what that became great and good
men did they fail ? Nothing. Why, they had no
timidity. They were glorious in their day and
generation, and through the ocean of tim e as it rolls
on, they will shine in luminous comparison with
other men in the brightness of their achievements.
I cannot believe that they were timid. I am
advancing to that period of life when I am a little
tenacious. I do not like to be charged with undue
timidity; though it is said to be the concomi-
tant of age. I do not believe it, sir. [Laughter.]
Present the occasion, when justified in principle,
to achieve any great object, and then call upon
the American people to achieve it; and if they fail
in it, 1 will say they are unworthy of the sires
whose bright example they had ceased to follow.
But I never apprehend that the day will ever come
until this nation has passed the zenith, until it has
attained beyond its meredian, and is far in its de-
cline, when it will forget the glories of the past,
or prove recreant to the delightful inculcations of
wisdom from their forefathers. They cannot do
it. I should be sorry to think that I had lived in
an age and generation, one so blest and so happy
as this, and on a spot of land that seemed to be
reserved by the wise providence of God to be dis-
covered on the globe, to be the asylum of freedom,
the home of intelligence, of religion, and of law,
if the people could soon forget the illustrious ex-
amples of the Fathers'of the Republic. There
seems to have been a special favor of the Almighty
bestowed upon the people of the United States
such as there has been on no other nation. It
may be compared to another Canaan. It was ex-
cepted by the operation of God's divine and pe-
culiar favor for this favored people. Then how
ought we to estimate the boon that we enjoy ?
How ought we to estimate our relations with sur-
rounding nations ? Sir, we ought to cherish every
high and ennobling principle, and we ought to
exalt mankind by our example. " Show me thy
faith without thy works, and I will show thee my
faith by my works." While we are so peculiarly
blessed, and while we may wish that other nations
may have the same degree of liberty, equality,
and justice, let us manifest to them that it is not
idle prate on our part, but that we mean what we
say, and will do what we mean. Then, sir, our
high example will elevate mankind more than all
the political and diplomatic interference and inter-
national resolutions that we could adopt in a hun-
dred thousand years. Nations would then admire,
the rectitude of our conduct, and while we preached
we should also be practicing, and they would imi-
tate what was worthy of imitation; and at least
they could not say that we were acting inconsist-
ently with our professions.
I would like to talk about Nicaragua and Cuba
and the Sandwich Islands; about there being natu-
ral accretions to the power here to be built up if
we remain a united and a just people, just to our-
selves and to other nations; maintaining the good
faith of treaties; interfering with no one; permitting
no interference with us. But there is not time for
that. It is not necessary that we should proclaim
to the whole world that we are going to do this or
that. Let us be staid, quiet, industrious, and re-
flective. When subjects are presented requiring
action, let us act. Sir, this nation is destined to
| fill a vast space among the nations of the earth.
' Already in its youth it is great and mighty; ma-
; jestic is its renown and most infinite are its re-
i sources; but those resources must be husbanded
| and they must be cared for, for a while. It is in
, vain to extend speculations beyond the necessity
! of the times, and involve ourselves in fruitless
troubles by anticipation.
Sir, we have much to do for ourselves to give us
that iron hoop, of which General Jackson spoke,
which should be thrown around our continent.
Sir, let us make an iron hoop binding California
to the Atlantic. It is worth all the resolutions that
could be introduced here in a thousand years on
international law,foreshadowing ourpolicy. That
is a matter which enters into the very vitals of our
national existence, and one that must be cared for,
looked to, and by some means executed. It is a
vast and eminently national work. Without it,
we are two nations. With it, we should be one;
and we should command the trade of other na-
tions.
Mr. President, I have no idea of going about
bantering the whole world when nobody Is ban-
tering us. An occurrence which once took place
will perhaps illustrate this way of boasting better
than any comment of mine could do. I refer to
an incident which has been described by a great
man. I mean Washington Irving, a man known
to fame, and of high literary distinction. Wash-
