1018
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
ington Irving on one occasion, describing the
boasting of some of us, said that the best illustra-
tion which he could possibly give of it would be
to narrate an incident that occurred on board a
British vessel in which he had come over from
England. There were on board the ship two large
Galhpagos turtles, a very large animal, as it is
known, something resembling terrapins. I pre-
sume many Senators who have never seen turtles
have seen terrapins. They are a delicious mor-
ceau for the epicure or the gourmand. These tur-
tles would sally forth from their respective en-
campments, for they were put in separate places
on board the ship. They were very belligerent in
their disposition one to another. They would ap-
proach formally, slowly at first, then make a sud-
den movement, then another, reconnoitemig with
great care, their eyes scintilating fire and their
breath deep-toned; at last they approached near
each other, and coming almost 111 contact, one
raised with great caution, a little tremulous, but
nerving himself at the other, as is their custom,
and gave vent to an expression of his indignation,
" Foo-foo-foo!" and fell back a little. The other
raised his head, slowly drew up in the same way,
and extending himself, let forth "Foo-foo-foo!"
raising his head a little higher than the other.
They kept alternating in that way until at last one
got "decidedly the advantage—although it was a
very small advantage—and the other discovered it,
and the moment he did, he beat a retreat and
backed out with all possible facility. [Laughter.]
A little blowing and a little tip-toeing was all that
was done. 1 do trust that the resolutions of the
Senator from Michigan will pass off in the same
way; they will hurt nobody. [Laughter.]
Mr. HUNTER. What is the question ?
The PRESIDENT. The question is on the
amendment of the Senator from California, in re-
lation to the establishment of a line of steamers
from California to the Sandwich Islands and
China.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope the Senator will re-
serve that for the raail-steamer appropriation bill.
Mr. GWIN. I am afraid to withdraw it under
the hope to bring it successfully before the Senate
again this session on any bill, after the speech
which we havejust listened to from the Senator from
Texas. If any gentleman can put such a speech
upon such an amendment as this, we ought to get
clear of this, and all of the other appropriation
bills as soon as possible.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I desire to say to
my friend from California, that I am in favor of
the establishment of a line of steamers from San
Francisco to China; but really, it does occur to
me that this is an unfortunate time at which to
present the proposition. 1 have no disposition to
debate it, and I will not do so. I am anxious to
see such a line established, but I think we ought
to take more time, and prepare ourselves to do it
more effectually. I have not examined the sub-
ject with a great deal of attention, and with as
much care as I should desire to do; but if the
question be brought before the Senate now, I shall
feel myself called upon to offer an amendment in
lieu of this, which 1 think is a much better one.
I have refrained from doing it because I thought it
too late to consider the subject. I repeat again to
the Senator, that I am as anxious, or at least ae
willing, to see this line established as he himself;
but I do not think this is the proper time to do it.
Mr. BROD.HEAD. I would like to inquire of
my friend from California whether there has not
been a proposition submitted to Congress to carry
this mail for the receipts from postages ?
Mr. GWIN. Not that I ever heard of. Propo-
sals have been made by different parties, a Mr.
Thompson and Mr. Moore. For the last two-and-
a-half years a contest has been going on between
those gentlemen, and neither has been able to get
a bill through Congress. This amendment pro-
poses to advertise for bids and to give the carrying
of the mail to the lowest bidder, just as you would
the mail from hereto New Orleans.
Mr. BRODHEA.D. What is the proposals of
Thompson and Moore?
Mr. GWIN. One proposes to carry the mail
for the postages with the addition of a certain
quantity of land, and a part of the receipts from
customs for goods carried in the steamers of the
line. The other asks the loan of the credit of the
Government to enable him to build his ships. All
that I have to say to the Senator from Tennessee
is, that we need this line, and here is a proposition
to let it out to the lowest bidder. There is no name
connected with it, but it is precisely similar to the
law which we passed at the last session for the
mail line from Vera Cruz to New Orleans. I hope
the amendment will be adopted.
Mr. BRODHEAD. This amendment proposes
to appropriate three millions of dollars for this
purpose. Now, I wish to know what will be the
annual receipts from postage on thn> line ? Has
there been any estimate of them ? My friend from
California says that he has examined the subject.
1 should like to know what is the estimate of the
Post Office Department as to the probable receipts
from postage?
Mr. GWIN. I did not go into an examination
as to the receipts from postages. I look upon this
as a line of so much importance commercially as
well as for the establishment of postal arrange-
ments with the Chinese Empire, that I did not go
into an examination of the postage receipts. I
examined into it in its commercial and national
aspects in the remarks which I have submitted to
the Senate.
All I have to say in regard to the statement of
the honorable Senator as to other propositions is,
that they were objectionable, because individual
names were connected with them. There is noth-
ing of that kind in this amendment. 1 will not
detain the Senate, but I trust we shall have a vote.
Mr. BRIGHT. If 1 supposed there was the
remotest probability that this amendment would
be adopted, I should submit a few remarks upon
the subject; but as it is, I will not do so. I look
upon the proposition as another effort to fasten
upon the public Treasury another great steam line,
to which 1 am opposed. The Post Office Depart-
ment, during the past year, was thrown upon the
Treasury for about three millions of dollars. If
this be added, I suppose we shall add another half
million. But, as 1 stated, I did not rise to discuss
the question. I know that the time of the Senate
is too precious now to be consumed in that way.
I merely wish to ask for the yeas and nays on the
amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. GWIN. In answer to what the Senator
from Indiana has said I will observe, that inde-
pendently of these steam lines the Post Office De-
partment has ceased to be a self-sustaining institu-
tion. He has himself, as a member of the Finance
Committee, agreed to a section in this very bill
providing for a deficit of more than §1,500,000,
estimated for on account of reduced postages. He
talks of this as fastening upon the Treasury an-
other great steam line. Why, sir, what has he,
and those living in the section of country which
he represents, been doing but fastening a great
steam line on the country from Louisville to New
Orleans? Who has been more anxious than the
gentlemen from that section of the Union to have
that great steam line for daily mail facilities? I
do not intend to pursue this matter. I hope we
shall have a vote.
Mr. BORLAND. I wish to know if I under-
stood the Senator from California distinctly when
he spoke of a great steam line between Louisville
and New Orleans?
Mr. GWIN. I did refer to that.
Mr. BORLAND. I am a little astonished to
hear the name of a great steam line given to that.
It is what we have throughout the country, simply
a mail line on the Ohio and Mississippi rivers. A
great steam line! There is no feature there for
steamers requisite for war purposes. And what was
the estimate for a daily mail between Louisville,
St. Louis, and New Orleans? The highest estimate
was #350,000 per year. What does the Senator
propose for his line, and what do we pay for the
Collins line, and for all the steam ocean mails ?
Why, taking the amount of service to be rendered
in the line between Louisville, St. Louis, and New
Orleans, the cost is not as one dollar to a thou-
sand, even at the highest estimate ($350,000) made
for that mail. This is a mail line fifteen hundred
miles in length, upon the mdst important thorough-
fare in this Union. I hope that it will not be put
to our account, when we have had until now, and
even at the present time have no mail upon these
rivers, but must depend upon the uncertainties of
a mere freighting business. We have got no mail
line there now, and shall not have until next Oc-
tober.
Mr. BRIGHT. Not to appear inconsistent, it
is proper I should say that I did vote for the ap-
propriation at the last Congress for the estab-
lishment of mail service between Louisville and
New Orleans, to be carried in steamboats, pro-
vided the Postmaster General could make a con-
tract on fair terms. I apprehend that is legitimate
and proper service, and of a very different charac-
ter from that contemplated by the amendment of
the Senator from California. That amendment
contemplates mail service outside of the United
States where there are no mails to be carried, or at
least comparatively few, and no profit likely to re-
sult from the service.
Mr. CASS. I desire merely to say that I am
myself favorable to the object of the amendment
of the Senator from California; but he is mistaken
in supposing that this is like the law which we
passed for the establishment of a line from Vera
Cruz to New Orleans. If he will make this like
that, I will vote for it.
Mr. GWIN. I think it is in the same words.
Mr. CASS. The gentleman is entirely mis-
taken. This is a proposition for war steamers,
which requires an expense totally unneccessary.
It is a matter which has been fully discussed,and
I shall not now go over it. It is a provision to-
tally unnecessary, and I hope it will be stricken
out.
Mr. GWIN. 1 intended not to provide for war
steamers, and I do not think the amendment does
provide for them. 1 copied the law as it stands.
Mr. CASS. Is the honorable Senator sure
about that fact?
Mr. GWIN. Yes, sir.
Mr. CASS. As I heard the amendment read I
thought it provided for war steamers. I should
like to hear it read again, or at least part of it.
The Secretary read the part of the amendment
referred to, in these words:
" In Bteam vessels of not less than two thousand tons, of
the best form or construction, adapted to war purposes."
Mr. GWIN. I did not intend to leave those
words in the amendment. I move to strike out
the words, "adapted to war purposes."
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CASS. One other point. The Vera Cruz
steamers were limited to eight hundred tons.
Now, I am willing to go beyond that in this case;
but it seems to me that a burden of two thousand
tons is unnecessary.
Mr. GWIN. Say fifteen hundred. The dis-
tance is six thousand miles.
Mr. CASS. I am willing to vote for the prop-
osition without the provision for war steamers,
and providing that they shall not exceed fifteen
hundred tons burden, with an open contract for
all the world. I think then it will be a very proper
measure.
Mr. HAMLIN. I think that for the service to
be performed by these vessels, two thousand tons
burden will be small enough; and I should not
vote for a smaller vessel, but I shall vote for none.
Mr. MASON. It has been so much my for-
tune here to oppose measures of this character,
generally without success, that I feel some reluc-
tance in saying a word upon the subject now.
But it is an appropriation from the Treasury to
create a new channel of commerce which does not
now exist. It is to invite commerce directly from
Shanghai to San Francisco, to go by that route,
to increase it, if you please, but to create a new
channel by the means of this steam line, which
steam line is to be put there at the expense of
the Treasury. Now, the proposition for carrying
the mails is a mere excuse for the appropriation.
It will not cost the Government $3,000,000 in the
course of six years to carry the mail intercourse
between these points. It is really an appropria-
tion from the public Treasury to create a new
channel of commerce. I do not see that we are
at liberty to use the public money for any purpose
of private enterprise. Sir, if there be one princi-
ple of this Government that I should be disposed
to hold more dear than any other, it would be to
leave private enterprise to its private competition,
and not for the Government to interfere with it.
Mr. DAVIS. This amendment proposes a line
of steamers of the first class, I believe, from San
Francisco, in California, to Shanghai, in China.
There is nothing more manifest than that such a
provision as this cannot be executed without a
very large appropriation of money. I have said,
on a former occasion, that I think it is the true
policy of the United States to extricate themselves
