1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1019
as rapidly as they can from the contracts which
are imw hi existence to transport the mail to for-
eign countries in steamers, and to adopt an en-
tirely new and more economical system for that
purpose. The existing contracts ought undoubt-
edly to be carried out, but the objections to ex-
tending this system are so strong, and it is so
much at war with private interests, if it is con-
nected with the commerce of the country, that 1
think the policy cannot be sustained. It may be
sustained as a postal arrangement, but not on com-
mercial grounds, because every gentleman must
perceive at once that so far as vessels of this class
are freighting vessels, they are to that extent in
competition with the vessels which receive no en-
couragement whatever from the Government.
>Vw, *ir, when you propose to put into a line of
this kind steamers which are of two thousand or
three thousand tons burden, they are made of
that si?e for the purpose of carrying freight, and
with a view to competition in the business of
freighting. I think that the argument which was
presented to the Senate by the merchants of New
York and Boston, and laid on our tables when the
Collins matter was pending upon the subject, is
unanswerable; and any gentleman who reads that
argument will rise convinced, from the reasoning
there adopted, that this is an erroneous policy.
But, sir, I am as much convinced as the honor-
able Senator from California can be, that this is to
be a line of great commerce eventually. It is not
large now, but I think that circumstances are de- ,
veloping themselves rapidly to show that the com-
merce between the Pacific coast and the coast of
Asia is to be a large one, but at this moment it has
not become sufficient to justify such an outlay as
this measure proposes. 1 rise chiefly to throw out
for the consideration of the honorable mover of
this amendment, that if he means to get anything
that can be carried into effect, it would be better
to take less expensive measures. There will be
no competition of other routes from San Francisco
across to the coast of Asia; there will be no com-
peting line got up by any foreign Power. There
mighf be a class of propellers put there by which
the exoense of transporting the mail would be re-
duced to a reasonable rate, and news would be
transmitted within a few days, as rapidly as by
such large steamers as go across the Atlantic ocean.
Why, sir, no gentleman who has not looked into
this subject can comprehend the expense created
by high speed. xMr. Collins told me himself, last
summer, when this subject was under considera-
tion, that the fuel, and the wear and tear of ma-
chinery, necessary on these large steamers to gain
a single day in her voyage to Europe, cost at least
$1U,000. I quote him as authority for it, and he
said that the books would show it, and he gave
reasons to prove that that was the fact. It is a
notorious fact, that great speed and great rapidity
by steam is attained at a vast increase of expense.
By propellers you could run across from Cali-
fornia to China, and transmit intelligence, within
a few days, as quick as by the most expert steam-
ers; and you could do it for comparatively a very-
moderate expense. My own belief is, that this
line should be commenced in propellers of a mod-
erate size, which can couple utility in freighting
with a very good and satisfactory degree of dis-
patch in the transmission of intelligence. That
is the way in which it should be begun; that will
both aid the commerce of the country and give
dispatch to the mails. If some such plan as that
were proposed, I think I should be willing to vote
for it; but I am not prepared to lay out $500,000
or $600,000 a year, for the transmission of the
mail from San Francisco to the coast of Asia. The
time has not yet come for that. It will come by
and by, but it is not now.
Mr. GWIN. I am perfectly willing that the
amendment suggested by the honorable Senator
from Massachusetts shall be incorporated into my
amendment, and that this contract shall be con-
fined to propellers instead of ordinary side-wheel
steamships. I do not intend to consume the time
of the Senate at this hour of the session, because
1 know that it is wrong to do so, even on so im-
portant a measure as this. The Senator from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Mason] is mistaken when he says this
is a proposition to create commerce, and where it
does not already exist. A commerce does now
exist between California and China, greater than
between China and the whole United States four
year* ago. There is already an immense com-
merce there. The mails from the East Indies and
from China, not only for this country, but for Eu- |
rope, would be transmitted by this line if we es-
tablish it, particularly if there was a connection
by telegraph from Acapulco to Vera Cruz. We
could run down from San Francisco to Acapulco
in six days, and from Acapulco to New Orleans
by telegraph, and steamers news could be trans-
mitted in two or three days. So that we could
have a very quick communication through our
country between Asia and Europe if we had this
line of steamers.
If I had time to go into the question—and I am
sorry that 1 have not—I could show that the most
important results would follow the establishment '
of closer and more intimate commercial and postal 1
arrangements between California and China and j
Japan. The commerce which will spring up be- ;
tween the United States and those countries will
be immense, and we should encourage it in every
way in our power.
With regard to what the Senator from Virginia
said, that this line was asked for purely commer-
cial purposes, and not for postal purposes, I have
only to say that the Senate has already passed
a similar bill connecting the United States with a
foreign country. I allude to the line frow New
Orleans to VeraCruz. Now, what are the receipts
of postages from that line ? What were the receipts
at the time the bill was passed by the Senate with-
out opposition ? I am sorry to say that the anal-
ogy is perfect, but the treatment of the two propo-
sitions in the Senate is very different.
Mr. BELL. I want to ask the honorable Senator
from California why he does not ingraft upon his
amendment the amendment to which he alludes ?
Mr. GWIN. In regard to propellers?
Mr. BELL. Yes, sir. ;
Mr. GWIN. I am willing to do so.
Mr. BELL. I want to know of the honorable I
Senator, or of some one who does know, whether 1
a gentleman has not made a proposition to carry
the mail on this line in steamers for one half the
estimated value of the postages alone ?
Mr. GWIN. I never heard of it.
Mr. BELL. That is, taking a period of ten
years; and he will construct six large screw pro-
pellers or side-wheel steamers for one half the
postages.
Mr. COOPER. To whom do you refer?
Mr. BELL. To Ambrose W. Thompson.
Mr. COOPER. He has made such a proposi-
tion.
Mr. SOULE. For the whole of the postages,
not the half.
Mr. BELL. For the whole of the postages;
but I understand that he asks an advance on the
ships of one half the estimated amount of post-
ages, for the purpose of building them.
Mr. COOPER. Yes, sir.
Mr. BELL. My attention has been attracted
! to the subject, and I have been struck, as every
' gentleman who looks into it must be struck, with
an idea of the great development of trade and in-
tercourse which the establishment of this line
would promote between the shores of Asia and
the western coasts of this continent. I connect it
in my own mind with a great many other sub-
jects. I should like to see the experiment made
upon many grounds. I agree with the Senator
from Massachusetts that 1 would not be willing
to vote a very large sum for the purpose thus early,
and before we know something more of the value
of that commerce. But certainly I would agree
; to such a proposition as that submitted by the
capitalist to whom I have alluded. By way of ex-
periment, I would go a considerable way to see
what would be the result of a line of communica-
tion between San Francisco and the coast of Asia.
A great many gentlemen of more knowledge upon
the subject than I pretend to possess, say that it
will reverse the course of trade, and not only of
trade, but of postal communication between the
East Indies and the west of Europe, by a connec-
tion with a telegraphic line across some part of
this continent, and that when we get such a line
completed, all communications and intercourse,
commercial or of other descriptions, will be di-
1 rectly from the eastern sections of the continent
I of Asia, and the islands of the East across this
i! continent to Europe. We do not know very much
i! about these matters, yet I think it is reasonable
ij to calculate that the benefits of this line will be
ii much larger than gentlemen anticipate who have
not looked into the subject. I would say to the
Senator from California, why not adopt at once a
proposition so reasonable as that presented by
the gentleman to whom I have alluded, from Phil-
adelphia, who proposes to establish the line, build
six screw steamships of large burdens, upon the
advance of one half the estimated postages which
may be derived from the line, the estimate to be
made by an officer of the Government—the Post-
master General ? He offers to take the compensa-
tion of the postages alone, and not ask the ad-
vance of one dollar of money. I think that it is a
fair proposition.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. In order to test
this question, I offer the proposition alluded to by
my colleague as an amendment to the amendment.
Mr. GWIN. I was about to withdraw my
amendment.
Mr. JONES. Then, of course, I shall not pro-
pose mine.
Mr. GWIN. It is my duty, as a member of
the Committee on Finance, to press forward the
business on the appropriation bills. 1 know that
that responsibility is upon me, and I know that
the chairman of that committee is almost impa-
tient with regard to the discussion on questions of
this description. I know the importance of the
measure which I have proposed, but I am deter-
mined not to press it any further. If the amend-
ment of the Senator from Tennessee is introduced,
I know there will be a long discussion upon it,
because that is, in principle, the same which meets
with such opposition in the Senate, the same as
the Collins line proposition, and some others,
providing that Congress shall contract with an in-
dividual by name. I know there will be opposi-
tion to it, but not from me, because I am willing
to take any kind of line that I can get.
Mr. BELL. The name is not of importance;
1 it can be stricken out.
i Mr. GWIN. I ask leave to withdraw the
amendment.
Leave was granted; and the amendment was
I withdrawn.
! Mr. GWIN. I now offer the following, to
| which I hope there will be no objection:
Jlni be it further enacted, That the Postmaster General
be, and he is hereby, required to invite proposals  > carry
the United States mail trom San Francisco, in California,
to Shanghai, in China, monthly or semi-monthly, in steam-
ships, and transmit ail such proposals as he may receive to
Congress at its next session.
The amendment was agreed to.
The amendments were then ordered to be en-
grossed, and the bills to be read a third time.
The bill was read a third time, and passed.
message from the house.
A message was received from the House of Rep-
resentatives, by Mr. Hayes, its Chief Clerk, an-
nouncing that it had agreed to some amendments of
the Senate to the bill making appropriations for the
i support of the Armyfof the year ending June 30,
I 1854, disagreed to others, and agreed to others
'| with amendments.
II Also, that it had agreed to the report of the
i' Committee on Conference on the disagreeing votes
: of the two Houses on the bill for the relief of
John C. Fremont.
i Also, that it had resolved (with the concurrence
| of the Senate) that the 16th joint rule be suspend-
| ed so far as relates to the bill making appropria-
: tions for light-houses, light-boats, buoys, &c., and
providing for the erection and establishment of
, the same, and for other purposes.
light-house bill.
The Senate proceeded to consider the resolution
' of the House of Representatives for the suspen-
sion of the 16th joint rule, as far as relates to
i! the bill making appropriations for light-houses,
i light-boats, buoys, &c., and providing for the
ij erection and establishment of the same, and for
j other purposes; and on motion
( Ordered, That they concur therein.
' The bill was subsequently received from the
House, read twice, and referred to the Committee
I on Commerce.
army appropriation bill.
On motion by Mr. HUNTER, the Senate in-
sisted on their amendments to the bill making ap-
propriations for the support of the Army for the
year ending June 30, 1854, which had been dis-
a<*reed to or amended by the House; and asked
