1020
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
for a conference on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore was authorized
to appoint the conferees on the part of the Senate;
a.id Messrs. Bright, Shields, and Dawson were
appointed
TERRITORY OF WASHINGTON.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I now aak the Senate to
take up the bill to establish the territorial gov-
ernment of Washington. I am sure it will take
no time, and I am certain there will be no opposi-
tion to it.
The motion was agresd to, and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the bill as in Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will state to the Senate that
the Committee on Territories recommended the
change of the name; but upon further examina-
tion they direct me to withdraw that amendment,
and I ask now for the passage of the bill as it came
from the House of Representatives. I apprehend
it is not necessary to read it. Every one knows
what it is. It is to form the northern part of Ore-
gon into a separate Territory, to be called the Ter-
ritory of Washington.
Mr. PETTIT. It is one of the old-fashioned
territorial bills.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be read a third time, read
a third time, and passed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Hates, its Chief Clerk, 1
announcing that the Speaker of the House had
signed an enrolled bill, authorizing the oath of
office to be administered to William R. King, the
Vice President elect of the United States.
Also, that it had agreed to the report of the Com-
mittee of Conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses on the bill to extend preemption
rights to unsurveyed lands, and for other pur-
poses.
VICE PRESIDENT ELECT.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore signed the en- <
rolled bill to authorize the oath of office to be ad-
ministered to William R. King, Vice President
elect of the United States.
EXTENSION OF PRE-EMPTION RIGHTS.
Mr. DOWNS, from the Committee of Confer-
ence on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the bill to extend preemption rights to certain
unsurveyed lands, and for other purposes, re-
ported in favor of amending the title of the bill,
so as to read "An act to extend preemption rights
to certain lands therein mentioned," and that the
Senate agree to the amendment of the House, with
the following addition:
And provided further, That any Bettler who has settled,
or may hereafter settle on lands heretofore reserved, on ac-
count of claims under French, Spanish, or other grants,
which have been or shall be hereafter declared by the Su- i
preme Court of the United States to be invalid, shall be en- |
titled to all the nghts of preemption granted by this act, and '• I
the act of September 4,1841, entitled " An act to appropri- •!
ate the proceeds of the public lands, and to grant preemp- i
tion rights," after the land shall have been released from
reservation in the same manner as if no reservation had
existed.
The report was concurred in.
THE TERRITORY OF NEBRASKA.
Mr. DOUGLAS. There is another territorial
bill about which I know that there will be a little
controversy, but I think we had better dispose of it '
now. I move that the Senate proceed to the con- !
sideration of the bill from the House to establish
the territorial government of Nebraska.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope that bill will not be
taken up. It is a controverted matter. I trust we
shall proceed with the consideration of the appro- 1
priation bills.
Mr. BORLAND. I hope the bill will not be
taken up. I will go as far as any Senator to com- J
ply with the wishes of the Senator from Illinois,
but I hope that bill will not now be taken up. i
Mr. RUSK. That bill will lead to a lengthy '
debate. [
Mr. DOUGLAS. Not at all. There is only
one isolated point which will lead to debate.
Mr. RUSK. There are many debatable ques-
tions involved in it.
Mr. WELLER. Even if itdoes lead to apro-
tracted debate, I apprehend that the people living
in the limits of that Territory are entitled to the
protection of the Government, and certainly we
here should be anxious to extend that protection
to them. If through any means they are pre-
vented from enjoying that right, through a length-
ened debate, the responsibility must rest upon those
i who protract the debate. Let the Senator from
Texas take it if he chooses.
Mr. RUSK. Well, sir, 1 will take the respon-
sibility. In the first place, there are no people
there, and if they are there it is in violation of
law.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Perhaps t! isdiscussion will
be more appropriate when the bill shall be taken
up.
Mr. RUSK. I hope it will not be taken up.
Mr. GWIN. I wish to say that we have still
behind the Indian, the Navy, and the mail-steamer
appropriation bills, and it' this motion be voted
down, I shall move to take up the Navy appro-
priation bill.
Mr. BELL. I wish to add my testimony to
that of the Senator from Texas, that, in my opin-
ion, the Nebraska bill cannot be passed in one
day.
Mr. DOUGLAS. If it is to be the rule that
persons can defeat the taking up of bills by saying
that they are going to discuss them, I am ready,
and I shall understand hereafter that mode of
bluffing off business.
Mr. HOUSTON. Discussion or acquiescence
on the part of those who are opposed to the meas-
ure is the alternative. I am determined, as one
member of the Senate, that whenever that bill
comes up I will discuss it; and I will, if I can,
upon correct principles, prevent its passage if
every bill in this body should be lost. When the
question is looked into I am sure the Senate will
not take up the bill, and if they do, I have no ex-
pectation that it will pass. There are no argu-
ments in favor of it; there are many against it.
The plighted faith of this Government is against
it.
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator will permit me
to suggest a word or two of peace, for I think I 1
can suggest considerations which ought to induce :
the Senate to take up the appropriation bills and
dispose of them all to-day.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 want to have the appro-
priation bills taken up.
Mr. HUNTER. We can dispose ofthe appro-
priation bills to-day, and while the debate shall be
going on to-morrow on these controverted ques-
tions, we can be managing the conferences. It
would facilitate business very much if that course
should be adopted, and I throw it out for the con-
sideration of the chairman of the Committee on
Territories.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I wish to notify the Senate
that several committees of conference are already
appointed, and it is very important that we should
act on some of these territorial bills, in order that
the committees of conference can go on and per-
form the duties already assigned to them. I think
if we are to consider the territorial bills at all, now
is the time. I am satisfied that the Nebraska bill
will not take half an hour, if it is known that
speeches are not going to kill it.
Mr. HUNTER. I have no speeches to make
on the question. I am not trying to fight off the
gentleman's bill. What I want is, to get through
with the appropriation bills to-day, so that the
Senate may have a clear day to-morrow for any
debatable matter they may choose to take up.
When the appropriation bills shall have all been
acted on and been made safe, we can go on in the
committees of conference, and act with more de-
liberation and system.
Mr. RUSK. 1 have consumed as little time in the
Senate by speeches as anybody. But, sir, I know
that the Nebraska bill will give rise to debate. It
violates your treaty stipulations, it violates the
sanction of settlements for the Indian tribes under
the law. More than that 
Mr. DOUGLAS. I rise to a point of order.
Is it in order to discuss the merits of a bill on the
question of taking it up ? The argument of the
Senator from Texas, I am ready to meet, and 1
wish to know if I am to have an opportunity to
do so ?
Mr. RUSK. I say that if this bill is taken up, j
I mean to be heard on those points; but I am not
to be driven off by the taunt of speeches. Sir, I
have suffered enough, and the people of Texas
have suffered enough, by throwing the Indians i
upon them, without their being driven on us as it
seems to me they would be by this measure.
Here is a proposition to take up this bill, which
is a very important measure, in the middle of the
appropriation bills when there are three or four
yet behind. The Indian appropriation bill, which
is an important one, and deserves mature consid-
eration, is yet behind. So is the naval appropri-
ation bill. If this bill be taken up, the discussion
will necessarily drive those bills off so that they
cannot be discussed and perfected.
Mr. GWIN. I have this to say; that we are now
ready to go on with the naval appropriation bill.
All the amendments of the Committee on Naval
Affairs are ready to be offered. I hope the naval
appropriation bill will be taken up so that we can
dispose of it to-day. If the honorable Senator
from Illinois will do that, I will give him a chance
of taking up his bill afterwards.
Mr. DOUGLAS. For two years the Senate
has refused to hear a territorial bill. The Senate
refused to pass any of these bills last year. For
two weeks past, I have sat here hour after hour
endeavoring at every suitable opportunity to ob-
tain the floor. I ask now that the Nebraska bill
be taken up, and 1 mean to insist on the motion.
Mr HOUSTON. I presume there is not one
foot of land in the proposed Territory that does not
belong to some band of Indians. The bill proposes,
I grant you, to include those Indians within the
limits of the boundaries of the Territory, but to
except them from the operation of its laws. That
is all the explanation that can be given to it. The
Governmenthas solemnly pledged its faith to these
Indians, that it will never include them within the
limits of any State or Territory. The bill is in
j violation of treaty stipulations, and I hope it will
: not be taken up.
Mr. WELLER. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
i taken, resulted—yeas 20, nays 25; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Bright, Brodhead, Cass, Chase,
Clarke, Cooper, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa,
Douglas, Geyer, Hamlin, James, Jones of Iowa, Norris,
Pettit, Shield', Sumner, Wade, and Weller—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Badger, Bayard, Bell, Borland, Brad-
bury, Brooke, Butler, Charlton, Davis, De Saussure, Fish,
Fitzpatrick, Foot, Gwin, Houston, Hunter, Mallory, Mason,
Morton, Pratt, Rusk, Sebastian, Smith, Soul<5, and Spru-
ance—25.
So the motion was not agreed to.
CAYUSE WAR.
Mr. DOUGLAS. There is a little territorial
bill on the calendar, to which I know there will be
no objection, because it was written in the Treas-
ury Department, and comes from Mr. Whittlesey.
It is to apply an old appropriation heretofore made
for defraying the expenses of the Cayuse war. I
move to take up the bill from the House of Rep-
resentatives to amend an act entitled " An act to
' amend an act to settle and adjust the expenses
' of the people of Oregon in defending themselves
' from the attacks and hostilities of the Cayuse
•Indians in the years 1847 and 1848," approved
August 31, 1851.
Mr. RUSK. I hope that bill will be taken up
and passed.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill.
Mr. GWIN. I move to dispense with the read-
ing of the bill. It is merely to enable certain pay-
ments to be made We all understand it.
The motion was agreed to; the bill was reported
to the Senate without amendment; ordered to a
third reading, read a third time, and passed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Hays, Chief Clerk, an-
nouncing that it had passed Senate bill No. 7
without amendment.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
On motion by Mr. HUNTER, the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill from the House of Representatives making
appropriations for the naval service for the year
ending June 30, 1854; which was reported from
the Committee on Finance without amendment.
No amendment bein^ offered, the bill was re-
ported to the Seriate without amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill is still
open to amendment.
Mr. CHARLTON. I am instructed by the
Committee on Naval Affairs to move two amend-
