1022
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
Mr. GWIN. Yes, sir; but it cannot be used
until this appropriation be made.
Mr BRODHEAD. 1 find in the items that
come from the House a proviso:
" That before this slim shall be expended, the Attorney
General shall decide tli.it the fluted States have good title
to tlie land upon which Uie buildings are to be erected."
1 wish to come to some understanding about
this matter. It may be all right, but when we
find the House of Representatives inserting J100,000
of an appropriation for a particular purpose, and
it is proposed that we shall increase it to near a
million of dollars, we ought to look into it some-
what; and that is what I propose to do.
Mr. GWIN. I will state, for the information of
the Senator from Pennsylvania, that the Commit-
tee on Ways and Means of the House reported the
item §974,851, but through misinformation com-
municated to the House it was stricken down, and
the very parties who were quoted as authority for
striking: it down have since contradicted it. This
estimate was carefully prepared at the Department.
It went before the Committee on Ways and Means
of the other House, who reported it precisely as it
came from the Department. In regard to the title
to the property, I will say that it has been care-
fully and thoroughly examined, but it is especially
provided in the bill that not a dollar shall be ex-
pended until the opinion of the Attorney General
shall be given in favor of the validity of the title.
Mr. BRODHEAD. We appropriated §100,000
last year to select a sitefor a navy-yard in California,
and the House in this bill proposes another appro-
priation of §100,000 to progress with the work.
How much is this navy-yard and depot and the
enlargement which takes place every year to cost?
"We ought to come to some understanding on the
subject. We ought to have some estimates. Can
we'expend $900,000 in one year judiciously? It
seems to me, that even though this or a much
larger sum should be necessary to complete the
navy-yard and depotatSan Francisco, we are ap-
propriating too much at this time. Can $900,000 i
be properly expended in one year there? 1 sup-
Fose $500,000 would be sufficient in one year; but
presume we must yield to the committee. j
Mr. SHIELDS. This is a very large amount
to be expended on a locality where the title is at
all doubtful.
Mr. GWIN. There is no doubt about it. 1
Mr. SHIELDS. I find here that in order to
provide for that kind of contingency it is provided
that the Attorney General shall give a favorable !.
opinion. Nine hundred and seventy-four thou- j!
sand dollars is a very large sum to spend in any |
locality, even if the opinion of the Attorney Gen- i
eral shall be in favor of the title. |
Mr. GWIN. The provision is exactly in ac- |
cordance with the act of 1841, by which the opin- |
ion of the Attorney General is rendered necessary ,
to the purchase of such sites. The provision is
inserted here as a precaution which is usual in
such cases.
Mr. SHIELDS. What I want to know of the
honorable Senator is, whether there is any doubt
about the title of this ground?
Mr. GWIN. So far as I know, there is not.
There was one claim to it, but the United States,
as I understand, have made an arrangement to
purchase that as a quit-claim, in order to have no
difficulty at all. The Attorney General has given
his opinion that the bill is clear and perfect; but I
want that clause to remain there, so that the opin-
ion of the Attorney General shall be given offi-
cially before a single dollar can be expended. The
Attorney General has already given an opinion in
favor of the validity of the title.
Mr. SHIELDS. The opinion of the Attorney
General is worthy of some respect, but not more
than that of any other lawyer.
Mr. GWIN. He has had all the papers and
all the information before him, and given his opin-
ion as to the validity of the title. Still I want the
provision to remain there, even if he has given his
opinion. It is in the words of a former law.
Mr. SHIELDS. For my part, I shall not vote
for this appropriation until I am perfectly assured
that this land is the property of the United States, j
and forthis simple reason: Without meaning any
insinuation as to this particular case, I can see a I
way in which this would be a most extraordinary i
speculation. The Government by layingout such i
an amount of money upon any property would
greatly enhanee ita value. We know how theae i
things are in California. Some buildings have
already been erected there by the Government
which now belong to private individuals; and a
considerable portion of the money which we have
appropriated is now being expended, as 1 under-
stand, not on public property, but on private prop-
erty. Besides, the condition of the titles in that
country is such that I for one will never vote
$900,000 upon any locality there, unless it is per-
fectly certain, before the expenditure commences,
that it belongs to the United States.
Mr. GWIN. I am very much astonished at
the remarks of the Senator from Illinois. It is
known that he reported to the Senate a few days
ago from the Committee on Military Affairs, a
proposition to appropriate §500,000 for the de-
fense of the harbor of San Francisco. He did
not say one word about the title then, and I can
say to that Senator that the title of the United
States to Mare Island is better than her title to the
property where this fortification will be built.
The proposed appropriation of §974,850 will be
fully protected by former laws. This restriction
was not placed there because there was any doubt
as to the title. But I can say to him that the law
of 1841 makes it the imperative duty of the Sec-
retary of the Navy, before he expends money
that may be appropriated for such purposes, to
have the opinion of the Attorney General that the
title of the United States to the property is per-
fect. Now, sir, I undertake to say, that if there
ever was a good title, the United States have a
perfect title to Mare Island—the location of this
navy-yard. And in order that there should be no
delay, 1 understand that the Secretary of theNavy
has agreed to purchase the only claim to it, and
that he has done this on the authority of the At-
torney General, who, after a full examination,
has expressed the opinion that the United States
have a perfect title and unlimited control of the
site for the proposed navy-yard. That is the in-
formation which I have.
Mr. MORTON. I regret exceedingly that op-
position has sprung up to this amendment pro-
posed by the Committee on Naval Affairs. I
understand that this, together with all the other
amendments proposed by the committee, is based
upon estimates from the Department. It appears
to be the fixed policy of this Government—and it
is a very just policy—to have a navy-yard upon
the Pacific. If we are to have one there, it seems
to me that §900,000 could be very well expended
in one year in building it up. The Senator from
Pennsylvania asks, could §900,000 be expended
in one year? Yes, sir, §1,000,000 could be well
expended in the establishment of a navy-yard
there. You have made appropriation for a float-
ing dock in the bay of San Francisco. This is a
concomitant of that, and a part and portion of the
naval defenses of the country. If the Department
could not expend §900,000, the estimate would not
have been made. It is necessary that we should
have a navy-yard upon the Pacific as soon as
possible, and to build that up a navy-yard should
be built, and to build it up promptly it is neces-
sary that we should make liberal appropriations.
Nine hundred thousand dollars is a very moderate
estimate for the commencement of an important
navy-yard upon our Pacific coast. We have no
navy-yard upon that coast. We have made liberal
appropriations for a dock there, and we certainly
should have a navy-yard also, which is necessary
to a naval establishment upon that coast.
I think that the objection of the gentleman from
Illinois is not tenable. Before one dollar of the
money is to be expended on a navy-yard, the
opinion of the Attorney General is to be had that
the title of the United States to the property is
unquestionable. There is no difficulty upon that
score. 1 hope that the amendment of the commit-
tee will be agreed to.
Mr. PRATT. At the last session of Congress
$100,000 were appropriated, as my friend from
California has stated, for the purpose of selecting
a site of a navy-yard in California. We have
paid §100,000 for the mere selection of a site. I
understand that when objects are specified in a bill
to which the money appropriated is to be applied,
the money cannot be applied to any other objects
than those specified. Now, let me ask the atten-
tion of the Senate to the objects which are here
specified; and to which alone the §900,000 can be
appropriated. We find " for blacksmith's shop,
carpenter's «hop, storehouse, and wharf," the
sum of #100,000. Now, as I understand the
amendment of the Senator from California, it is to
strike out §100,000, and insert §974,851.
Mr. GWIN. That is not all of it.
Mr. PRATT. Then I should like to hear it
read as it will stand when amended.
It was accordingly read, as follows:
" For thundery, machine-shop, boiler-shop, engine-house,
and pattern-shop, and for steam engine, and machinery,
including transportation, blacksmith-shop, carpenter-shop,
store-house, and wharf, $97-1,851.
Mr. PRATT. All the addition is a foundery,
machine-shop, and steam-engine, and the trans-
portation of the articles necessary to build the
foundery and fix up the steam-engine. The appro-
priation it seems to me is very large, and one that
is certainly commensurate with its oriein. We
begin with the appropriation of §100,000 for the
selection of a site, and we now appropriate §974,-
851 to commence—not to complete this blacksmith-
shop, foundery, steam-engine, and other things
connected with them. I should be very glad if
the honorable Senator from California would read
the estimate from the Department, and state the
particular amount of each item.
Mr. GWIN. 1 will do it, sir. The estimate
of the Department is as follows:
For a foundery $37,000
For a machine-shop  60,000
For a blacksmith-shop  37,fl00
For a boiler-shop  32,000
For engine- hou>e and pattern shop  94,000
Forcarpenter's-shop  30,000
For store-house  40,000
For wharf  50,000
For steain-engine and machinery, including
transportation 100,851
Making an aggregate of $419,851
j The above estimate being based upon Washing-
ton prices, I have added for the difference in
prices of materials and labor in California... 555,000
Making the whole amount.
.$974,851
Mr. PRATT. I wish the Senator would now
read the letter of the Department to which he re-
ferred .
Mr. GWIN. That is the estimate.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Is there any recommend-
ation accompanying it?
Mr. GWIN. There was no particular recom-
mendation. This is in the same volume of esti-
mates upon which all the appropriations are based,
and it was reported from the Committee on Ways
and Meansof theother House in thesame form in
which it came from the Department.
Mr. SHIELDS. I understand the honorable
Senator from California to say that what he has
read is the estimate of the Department. I wish to
know what is the comparative allowance which
they make for the difference in California prices?
Mr. GWIN. A little more than two dollars
for one; and that all know is a moderate estimate.
Mr. PRATT. I understood the Senator from
California to state that §100,000 appropriated last
year was for the mere selection of a site.
Mr. GWIN. It was intended for the com-
mencement of the work also; and this is the ad-
ditional sum asked for by the Department to con-
tinue it.
Mr. PRATT. How was that appropriation of
"",000 applied?
Mr. GWIN. Several naval officers were sent
out for the purpose of selecting a site, and a por-
tion of the appropriation was used for their ex-
penses; and a large portion of the remainder was
devoted to purchase the quit-claim. The land
which has been selected, is, in my opinion, the
best site that can be possibly found on that coast
for a navy-yard. It covers five thousand acres,
and is a whole island.
Mr. SHIELDS. We made an amendment to
the Army appropriation bill, which I am glad to
hear has passed the House, appropriating §100,000
for fortifications in the harbor of San Francisco.
I certainly recommended that, but the honorable
Senator will recollect that I did not select thepar-
ticular site on which it should be expended. That
will be selected by the Department hereafter. No
legislation can select a site. I proposed an appro-
priation of §500,000, leaving it to the Department
to select the locality at which it should be ex-
pended. The gentleman goes upon the principle
that one good turn deserves another, and because
he got §500,000 for a fort, he wants nearly a mil-
lion for a navy-yard. If this shall be agreed to,
California will have received nearly a million and
