1024
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2.
this memorandum, it appears that the whole
amount of estimates made by the Navy Depart-
ment for the different navy-yards in the country
for the year is $2,197,934. And how much ofthat
do you suppose is for California? Nine hundred
and seventy-four thousand eight hundred and fifty-
one dollars, leaving $1,223,083 for all the other
navy-yards of the United States.
I concur in the importance of protecting the
shores of the Pacific, of having the harbor of San
Francisco protected, and of having a navy-yard
there. If I could have my way to-day, I would
have a navy-yard, if it could be erected instantly
and put into operation; and I would have a good
stone dock into which any vessel would be able
to go, which would last from generation to gener-
ation. But that I know cannot be done instantly.
The only objection 1 have to this appropriation is
the immense amount. I think that the amend-
ment should be more guarded than it is as regards
the rights of the United States to the property
and to the jurisdiction. It seems to me that with
those guards an appropriation of half the sum
would be as much as could be possibly expended
before the next session of Congress.
Mr. GWIN. Mr. President, I want it to be
understood that from the beginning I have asked
for no appropriation for a navy-yard in Califor-
nia, and that so far as my knowledge extends,
none of the California delegation have asked for
it. It cannot, therefore, be charged to the Cali-
fornia delegation that they have asked for large
appropriations, or have outraged the patience of
any one here or elsewhere, on account of what
we have asked for a navy-yard. We have asked
for nothing, not a dime.
Sir, these are the estimates from the Navy De-
partment, sent to the Naval Committee without
consulting us—certainly without consulting me—
and without any knowledge, on my part, that
they were to be made out in this way. I never
knew that such an amount of money was to be
asked for from Congress for this purpose, until I
saw it in print. Therefore, so far as the Califor-
nia delegation, or I am concerned, we have had
nothing to do with it. This estimate came from
the proper Department, and is the amount which
they thought could be properly expended during
the next fiscal year at San Francisco. As chairman
of the Committee on Naval Affairs, in obedience
to the instructions of that committee, and not as
a representative from California, I ask for a res-
toration of the estimates of the Department. I
wish it to be understood that not as an individual
or as a representative of California, but as the
organ of the Nayal Committee of this House, I
have brought this matter forward and ask for the
restoration of the estimates of the Department.
Now, in regard to the individual title to this
property, I understand that it has not only been
extinguished but that the money has been paid.
The Secretary of the Navy has extinguished all
claims to the property, and has expended a part of
the $100,000 heretofore appropriated for that pur-
pose. He has, as I understand, after a most elab-
orate examination into the title to Mare Island,
agreed, in order to have a perfect title to the prop-
erty, in order that he may commence operations
as soon as this bill passes, to buy out the private
claim.
Now, I should like to know of the Senatorfrom
Rhode Island the name of the officer to whom al-
lusion was made by him, and who informed him
that a pier was now being built at this island, and
that there was no danger to be apprehended from
worms eating up timber in the bay of San Fran-
cisco. There are hundreds of persons in this city
whose judgment and knowledge derived from
their own personal experience in regard to the
destruction of their own property can be consulted,
and who have spent thousands of dollars to fill up
places where piles have been driven in and eaten
up by worms. Their information would have
pretty good weight against that of any officer of
the Navy, who had merely been to California and
back on the public service.
Mr. SHIELDS. I do not wish to make further
remarks, but if the honorable Senator will permit
me, I will make two points.
First: Is it admitted that the title to this prop-
erty is in private individuals ?
Mr. GWIN. All private title has been bought!
and paid for. j
Mr. SHIELDS. The honorable Senator says
' that the private title has been bought and paid for.
Then we ought to have the evidence of it here be-
fore we make the appropriation. But if the Sec-
retary of the Navy says that the property has
been bought and paid for, I will give up that.
Then there is another point in this case: The
ordinary appropriation estimated for is about
$400,000, and then the Department adds $550,000
for extraordinary expenditure in California. If
that addition is necessary in this case it must be
necessary to increase the Army and Navy expend-
iture in the same proportion.
Mr. GWIN. My honorable friend from Illi-
nois reported a bill giving officers of the Army in
California double pay, and it was passed by the
Senate, thus acknowledging by his own official
action that an increase of prices is necessary there.
The Naval Committee has also reported a similar
increase for the Navy. And now look at the sal-
aries other officers of the Government receive in
California, as compared with officers here. The
collector of the port of San Francisco receives
$10,000 per annum, while the collector of New
York city receives but $6,000. And the same
comparison may be made with all the other offi-
cers. The necessary expenses are much greater
there than here.
Mr. SHIELDS. The honorable Senator is
mistaken in regard to my action. The additional
pay granted, was not as large as he mentioned,
and was given originally when the gold was first
discovered, and not at the present time.
Mr. GWIN. I alluded to what has been paid.
I know that the officers of the Army and Navy
have had this additional compensation. Now a
word more in regard to the appropriation for
the navy-yard. My colleague has stated that this |
amount cannot be profitably expended there du- 1
ring the next fiscal year. That explanation is ;
satisfactory to me, and I am willing that he should
I name what can be properly expended. If he will
J do so I will vote for that amount, and no more.
1 My action here upon the subject has been as
chairman of the Committee on Naval Affairs ask-
ing for a restoration of the estimates of the De-
partment, and I have done my duty. My opinion
isthattheamount named can be profitably expend-
ed; but inasmuch as my colleague differs from
me, I do not intend to ask the Senate for more
than is necessary. I defer to his judgment, and
whatever he states I will vote for.
Mr. WELLER. I am not as competent, of
course, to decide the question as to how much
money can be employed during the next fiscal
year in the construction of this navy-yard as the
Secretary of the Navy himself; but I did under-
take to express the opinion a short time ago that
$500,000 were, in my judgment, as much as could
be usefully and profitably employed during the
next fiscal year. I would be as unwilling to vote
for an extravagant appropriation of the public
money in the State of California as elsewhere. It
has been my object here, whenever I have been j
called upon to vote, to exercise that power in the !
same way, so far as my own State was concerned, '
as I would if my location had been elsewhere. ■
But my friend from Rhode Island ought to be able '
to see that all of these public improvements must
necessarily cost a great deal more in the State of
California than in the State of Rhode Island. If
he will only look to the fact that common labor is '
worth at least three times as much in the State
which I partly represent as in the State from
whence he comes, he will readily perceive why it
is that when you come to engage in a public im-
provement, a larger appropriation is necessary I
there than elsewhere. ;
The Senator says, although we have been but '
three years in the Union, we have been very ex-
orbitant in our demands on the National Treas-
ury. Sir, that Senator forgets the fact that we
had no territorial government there. We had no 1
state of infancy—no period when we could thrust
our hands into the National Treasury, and de-
mand that the Federal Government should do that
which she has done for the other new States of the
Union. All the other new State have had their
territoria governments, and the expenses of those
governments have been defrayed from the Na-
tional Treasury; but California came into the
Union a full-grown State. The inhabitants of
other States thrust themselves into our territory.
They have gone there at the rate of from fifty to
one hundred thousand a year. They have pro-
duced the necessity for an immediate appropria-
tion of public money, in order to defend that ter-
ritory from aggression, in order to protect our
commerce, a vast amount of which is now floating
on the Pacific. It is for that reason that many of
these appropriations which have struck the mind
of my friend from Rhode Island as exceedingly
extravagant, are, when you come to look into
the facts, absolutely indispensable; and I beg the
Senate now to understand, that I would not vote
for an expenditure of the public money within
the limits of California, if I were not satisfied
that the necessity of the public interest demanded
it. The mere fact that I am a representative
of that particular portion of the Confederacy
would not induce me to vote for an appropriation
which, if located elsewhere, I should regard as
extravagant in its character. I therefore said,
after having cast my eye hastily over the matter,
that, in my judgment, $500,000, instead of $900,000,
was as much as probably could be used in the con-
struction of this navy-yard in one year. Sir, that
that portion of the Confederacy has not been cared
for by the Federal Government as it should have
been, must be obvious to every Senator here.
More than two years ago you made an appropri-
ation to give us light-houses on the Pacific coast,
and there is not a single light-house to be found
there. You have left the whole of that one thou-
sand miles of coast upon the Pacific unprotected
and undefended; yet when we ask for a navy-
yard , where our vessels can be repaired, or where
we could make the necessary preparations to repel
a foreign enemy, we are charged by the Senator
from Rhode Island with extravagance. Let me
say now to those belligerent Senators here, (and
I am sorry there are so many of them,) who have
been talking so lightly of involving this country in
a foreign war, that if the country be involved in a
war, there is no section of the Union that must
suffer more than that section from whence I come,
for the reason, as I have remarked, that you have
not lighted our coast; you have not defended our
harbors; youhave given us no war-steamers to pro-
tect the vast amount of our commerce. A war with
any maritime Power would involve a large portion
of our people in utter ruin. Let me then say to
those gentlemen who talk so lightly of involving
this country in a war with a maritime Power,
Make preparations in time to protect our people
upon the Pacific from that adversary.
" He jests at scars who never felt a wound."
Anyone who has been upon the battle-field, and
who has seen his associate and friend stricken
down by the balls of the enemy, will never talk
of involving the country in the horrors of war.
Then let me say to those gentlemen, that if they
really want to engage in a war, they should take
care to put the country in a proper state of de-
fense. We have an immense territory of one
thousand miles upon the Pacific coast. We have
a vast amount of commerce there. We desire be-
fore you provoke a war, that you shall put us in
a proper state of defense. An enemy might not
be able to conquer us. They might, however,
take our harbors, bombard our cities, drive our
inhabitants to the mountains; but it would be ut-
terly impossible to conquer the proud spirit of the
Americans who are standing upon the shores of
the Pacific. Let them feel—let them know that
the protecting arm of the Federal Government is
extending over them precisely as it is over that
man who lives in the very heart and center of the
Republic. They are bone of your bone and flesh
of your flesh. They have gone to that country
to better their fortunes, and are now upon the far-
distant shores of the Pacific. They are standing
under the American flag, and are entitled to the
protecting arm of the Government. They feel
already that they are far away from you, and
know that they are distant from the home Gov-
ernment. Let them not feel this more oppress-
ively by the neglect of this Government to appro-
priate for their wants.
Mr. CLARKE. I will not take up the time
of the Senate by any observations which I might
have wished to make, though I was going to give
my hearty concurrence to much that fell from the
honorable Senator from California who spoke
last. I would, however, propose to the Senator
from California to reduce the amount of the appro-
priation to $500,000, and then to insert a provis-
ion, that before any portion of it should oe ex-
pended the President of the United State* should
