THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PR0CEEDINGSJ)F CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
3-2d Congress, 1st Session.
WEDNESDAY, MARCH 2, 1853.
New Series No. 65.
be satisfied that the title of" the United States was
good.
Mr. WELLER. That is the law now, and it
would be but a work of supererogation to add it.
Mr. CLARKE. Very well; 1 am satisfied as
to that, but I move to amend the amendment by
striking out the amount appropriated, and insert-
ing $5o0,U00.
Mr. SHIELDS. If the honorable Senator will
permit me, I think I have drawn up an amendment
which will meet the case. It is to make the ap-
propriation §500,000, and then to strike out the
proviso as it came from the House, and insert the
following:
Provided, That no part of the said money shall be ex-
pended tor llio purposes aforesaid, until the private utle to
the site tor the s.int navy.yard, it any SUeti Utle exist, shall
be tully extmsuised.
Mr. WELLER. I have no particular objec-
tion to that, because it is the law of the land now.
The Department must be satisfied that the title is
an indisputable one before they are authorized to
expend anything. It seems to me, however, that
the phraseology of the amendment is rather curi-
ous. As a matter of course the Senate does not
desire to have the private title purchased unless
it be a valid one. Now the phraseology of the
amendment would require the Department to pur-
chase all private titles. There might be an im-
perfect title. There mi^ht be such a title as no
one would give a straw for. I apprehend it is not
the intention of the Senator to require the Gov-
ernment to purchase the outstanding title, unless
it be a valid one.
Mr. SHIELDS. My amendment speaks of
private title, if any such exist. I take it for
granted that there can be no title unless it be valid;
but I will amend it to meet the suggestion of the
honorable Senator, so as to read, " if any such
valid title exists."
Mr. MANGUM. It seems to me that the pro-
vision is incomplete. It ought to provide for a
cession on the part of California of exclusive ju-
risdiction to the United States.
Mr. CASS. I understood one of the honorable
Senators from California to say, that that State
had passed a general law ceding jurisdiction, but
I do not know the terms of the law. This is a
magnificent establishment, and I think it would be
much more proper to require the President to be
sure that there has been some such cession of juris-
diction.
Mr. WELLER. There is a general law of the
State of California ceding the General Govern-
ment jurisdiction over such sites.
Mr. GWIN. A copy of the law was sent for
by the Secretary of the Navy, and was before
him when the selection was confirmed. It was a
law which 1 myself drew up more than a year
ago and sent to the Legislature of California. It
was passed by them to cover all such cases.
Mr. CLARKE. What harm then can it do to
insert the provision ?
Mr. GWIN. I am willing to pags the amend-
ment in any form, so that we attain the object.
Mr. MANGUM. I hope that a provision will
be inserted, providing for granting exclusive juris-
diction to the United States.
Mr. CASS. It seems to me that if there is such
a general law, unless there be a special grant un-
der it, that general law may be repealed at any
time.
Mr. BRODHEAD. It seems to me that the
proviso in the bill, as it came from the House, is
in proper phraseology, and is preferable to the
phraseology used by the Senator from Illinois.
The proviso of the House is in these words:
"Provided, That before this sum shall br: expended, the
Attorney General of the United States shall decide that the
United States have good title to the land on which the
buildings are to be erected." !
Another proviso ought to be added to that, that i
the State of California shall cede to the United
States her exclusive jurisdiction.
Mr. BORLAND. I would inquire if the Con-
stitution does not provide for that cession ? Does
it not provide for works of this sort, that there
•hall be a jurisdiction in the United States?
65
I Mr. BRODHEAD. I should like to know how
the question now stands ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Illinois moves to strike out $974,851 and in-
1 sert $500,000, and also to strike out the proviso as
it came from the House, and insert:
Provided, That no part of said money shall be expended
for the purjtoses aforesaid, until the private title to the site
to the said navy-yard, if any such title exists, shall be fully
extinguished ; and, also, that the jurisdiction of California
has been ceiled to the United States.
Mr. BRODHEAD. It seems to me that that
proviso is objectionable. " Private title" is not
the proper term to use.
Mr. SMITH. I desire to inquire of the Chair
whether the first question is not on the amendment
to reduce the amount of the appropriation ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment is divisible.
Mr. SMITH. Then I call for a division of the
question. I ask that the vote be first taken upon
the proposition to reduce the appropriation to
§500,000.
■ The amendment reducing the amount appro-
t priated was agreed to; and the question recurred
' upon the other branch of the amendment of Mr.
! Shields.
Mr. BAYARD. It seems to me that the pro-
viso now proposed to be substituted for the one
which came to "us from the House, is not as good
in its phraseology, and that, with a very slight
amendment, the proviso of the House will answer
all the necessary purposes. The proviso of the
House requires, that before the expenditure of
this money shall take place, the Attorney General
shall deciae that the United States have good title.
Now, if you add the words, " and jurisdiction of
the lands on which the buildings are to be erect-
ed," I should greatly prefer that to the proviso
now moved as an amendment, and for this reason:
The amendment proposes to extinguish private
title, and leaves the implication that you are to pay
some money out of the $500,000 proposed to be
appropriated for the extinguishment of some pri-
vate title which would not perhaps be worth a
straw. You would have to compromise about it,
and it would not be worth giving anything for.
What you want to know is, whether the title of
the United States is good. You want a certificate
of the Attorney General to that effect, and that
forecloses all private title. Therefore it seems to
me that the proviso of the House as it stands is
very good so far as it goes. 1 move to amend it
by inserting after the words "good title," the
words, " and jurisdiction of the.
[ The amendment of Mr. Bayard was agreed to.
The question then recurred on the amendment of
Mr. Shields to strike out the proviso as amended,
and to insert another.
Mr. FISH. Before the question is taken on the
motion to strike out, I move to amend the portion
proposed to be stricken out, by inserting after the
words " this sum" the words " or any part there-
of."
The amendment was agreed to; and then the
amendment of Mr. Shields was rejected.
The question then recurred on the amendment
of the Committee on Naval Affairs as amended;
and it was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was in
the appropriation for the Naval Asylum at Phila-
delphia, to insert after the word " for," the words
"paving Shippen street, walls on Shippen street,
and iron railing," and to increase the appropria-
tion from §5,000 to §9,600.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert among the
appropriations for the Norfolk hospital the words
" for wall around the hospital grounds, §22,500."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment is to amend the following
clause:
" For pay of officers, non-commissioned officers, musi-
cians, privates, and servants, serving on shore, subsistence
for officers, and pay for undrawn clothing, $221,767 08
So as to make it read:
" For pay of officers, non-commissioned officers, musi-
cians, privates, clerks, messengers, servants, serving on
'Vr<" tor rations and clothing for servants, subsistence for
officers, and pay for undrawn clothing and rations, boun-
ties lor roenlistments, and pay for unexpired terms of pre-
vious service, $223,530 44."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert after the
appropriation for the navy-yard at California, the
following:
"Towards the continuance, protection,and preservation
of the dry-dock at the navy-yard in California, and for a
basin and railway connected therewith for that purpose, the
sum of $150,000; and the Secretary of the Navy is hereby
authorized and directed to enter into a contract with the
patentees for the construction of the basin and railway as
built by thein at the Philadelphia, the Kittery, and Pen-
sacola navy yards, to complete and protect from damage
the floating dock at the navy-yard in California: Provided,
It can be done at such price that the cost of the basin and
railway shall not exceed the estimate to be made by the
Navy Department of the probable cost thereof if built by
the Government, and the said basin and railway to be con-
structed according to a plan and specifications provided by
the Department: Jlnd provided further, That the remuner-
ation to said contractors for their patent, their superintend-
ence, and responsibility, shall not exceed fifteen per cent,
upon said estimates by the Department for the construction
of the basin and railway."
Mr. GW1N. This is in accordance with the
recommendation of the Secretary of the Navy,
in his report. He says:
" The floating dry dock in California, contracted for in
obedience to the several acts of Congress heretofore passed,
has been completed, and delivered at San Franeisco. No
appropriation was made for the basin and railway, without
which the dock cannot be safely or usefully employed. I
submit it to the decision of Congress whether these struc-
tures should not be made without delay."
Upon that recommendation the Committee on
Naval Affairs directed me to report the amend-
ment which has been read.
Mr. CLARKE. What is the date of that
recommendation ?
Mr. GWIN. It is contained in the annual re-
port of the Secretary of the Navy sent to Con-
gress at the beginning of the session.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I was under the impres-
sion that we had disposed of this question at the
last session, and that we should not again hear of
a basin and railway in California. At the last
session $800,000 or $900,000 were asked for to
commence or complete this structure, called a ba-
sin and railway, connected with a floating dry-
dock in California. Now it is proposed that we
shall commence it under color of an appropriation
of $150,000. The real question is, whether we
intend to appropriate $800,000, or $900,000, or
$1,000,000, for the basin and railway in Califor-
nia, when Congress has twice deliberately decided
that they will not have that structure. Up to the
present time, and until the present Secretary of
the Navy took his seat in that Department, this
basin and railway was thought to be against the
recommendation of that Department. We had
the subject of dry-docks up at the last session,
and I then exhibited to the Senate the sum total
which these contractors had received for theirpar-
ticular patent for a certain kind of a dry-dock. It
appeared that one set of contractors had received
$3,078,000. That is a pretty large sum. It was
a sum equal in amount to the expenditure for the
support of this Government for several years from
its foundation.
If we are to have a basin and railway in Cali-
fornia, the sum of $800,000 or $900,000 ought to
be appropriated at once, for that will be necessary
to complete it. That was the sum asked for at
the last session. Now, the Committee on Naval
Affairs ask for $150,000 with which to commence.
We ought to know the exact amount which it will
cost us. I do not propose to argue the question, but
I think now, as I thought at the last session, that
there is no necessity for a basin and railway in
California. The Senate so decided last session
upon a full hearing. It has been said that this
structure was at one time ordered. I am aware
of that; but at the last session that order was re-
scinded upon a full hearing in the House of Rep-
resentatives.
I think this subject ought not to have been
brought forward again at this late period of the
session. If it was the intention to bring it forward
