1028
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
now obliged to do what they would not do in
their sober senses, and upon calm reflection, be-
cause a contract was incipiently made by the
Secretary of the Navy on the 17th of January,
1851, and which was repudiated, if you please,
by the House of Representatives on the 20th,
and by Congress in their appropriation bill in
March ?
A Senator. I am against repudiation.
Mr. CLARKE. I am against repudiation as
well as the Senator. I repudiate nothing except
interference with other persons' business, and that
I do most sincerely repudiate. Now, if the con-
tractors sustain damages, let them bring in their
petition for indemnity for the damages,and I will
vote for it, provided they show a good case. I am
not here as the guardian or watch-dog of the
Treasury. I am here, so far as I know, to carry
out the principles that govern me in private life.
I will exhibit that same honesty of purpose and
fidelity in a contract in my public capacity here,
as I would do in my individual capacity. If the
contractors have suffered damages, let them come
here and ask indemnity, and I, and those who
act with me—and none act with me more often
and more cheerfully than yourself—will give them
all the indemnity that they are entitled to.
But, sir, what was the damage? On the 17th
of January, 185], the contract was finally brought,
verbally, to a close. On the 20th of January,
1851, but three days elapsing, the parties are noti-
fied that it must be abrogated by the action of the
House of Representatives. The damages, there-
fore, are what might have accrued between the
17th of January and the 20th of January, 1851.
What was done in order to compensate those con-
tractors for any damages? The Secretary of the
Navy made a contract with them to build a sec-
tional dock at the price of $610,000. It was to be
three hundred and fifty feet in length, and thirty-five
feet in width; that they should transport it into
the Bay of San Francisco, and there deliver it to
the Government of the United States; and further,
that in case the Government of the United States
was not ready to receive it, the contractors should
have a preference for the lease of it. What has
taken place ? During the last year, the sectional
dock was made. I have a drawing of it at home,
but have not here. It was transported to Cali-
fornia; and while it was on its passage, during the
last session of Congress, the Secretary of the
Treasury was notified that as the United States
was not ready to receive it on its arrival in Cali-
fornia, they would be charged with demurrage
and damages. What was the fact then ? The
United States did not own, that I know of, a foot
of land or place upon which the dock eould be
floated, except it was in the deep waters of the
Bay of San Francisco. There was no place to
which it could be attached. You and I, Mr.
President, have talked about building stone piers,
wooden piers, and covering them with copper, &c.;
but allow me to say, that there was not in the Bay
of San Francisco a single place of which the Uni-
ted States could claim exclusive ownership in
which we could place it. It must have been left
with its parts floating in the Bay of San Fran-
cisco.
Before the dock arrived, theSecretary of the Navy
found it necessary to make preparation for it.
What was done under the provision inserted in the
bill which passed at the last session of Congress,
allowing him to lease that dock ? He leased it to
the contractors for three years, simply upon the
condition that they should restore it to the United
States at the end of that time in as good condition
as it was taken, common wear and tear excepted.
What is that? Why, sir, with common wearand
tear excepted upon cylinders something like twen-
ty feet long, and eight or ten feet in diameter, to
be used for three years, the copper would be three
fourths worn out; and then it was to be restored to
the United States. I would have given to the Gov-
ernment of the United States myself $50,000 a
year for the contract. I have seen in tne Senate
Chamber an officer of the Navy, who told me that
the pier that was necessary, and of which you and
I conversed, was erecting upon Mare Island. Then
they are building a pier, and to this pier they are
fixing the sectional dock, three hundred and fifty
feet in length. Everybody knows, who knows
anything about it, that the sectional dock, by the
side of the pier, is as useful as a sectional dock can
be anywhere. These cylinders of the sectional
dock may be filled with water, and they will sink
the*vessel which slides upon them. When the wa-
ter is pumped out, the vessel comes out, and she
is above water, and able to be repaired or attended
to in any way you please. The sectional dock is
one thing of itself, and separate entirely from the
basin and railway. The question is, in the first
place, as to the sectionaldock; and the second is as
to the basin and railway. In fact there are three
questions. One is in regard to the dock; another
in regard to the basin; and the other the railway.
The dock will take up one vessel, and that vessel
can be repaired upon it. If you have two vessels,
you require the basin in order to take up the sec-
ond vessel. If the basin is wide enough, as it is by
the drawings which I have, you may take in two,
and still leave one outside to go upon the sectional
dock; and then your railway must have a great
motive power to draw those vessels up the rail in
order to get them out, so that others may come in.
In that way you may multiply the rails until you
might make a railway to tne Rocky Mountains,
and take up all navies in the world, if you will
only make rails enough to do it; but in order to do
it, you must have the steady and vast power of
steam-engines to draw the vessels on the railway.
The dock is in California. It was carried out
last year, and it was leased by theSecretary of the
Navy to the contractors for the term of three years,
without any compensation whatever. I would
have given §50,000 in a moment for it myself. It
was leased to be returned at the expiration of three
years in good order and well conditioned, common
wear and tear excepted. That makes about half
the value of it.
Now, let us look at this in another point of view.
You have got the city of New York, as important
as San Francisco. I admit the importance of San
Francisco in every point of view. No man can
be more willing to admit it than I am, but I still
do think that, in a commercial point of view, the
city of New York holds some sort of a relevancy
to the importance of the commerce of San Fran-
cisco. There is not in the harbor of the city of
New York a basin and railway. They have rail-
ways upon which they draw up light vessels, but
they have not one of these basins which it is pro-
posed to build in California. They use the sec-
tional dock; and they use another dock, namely,
the floating dock, which, in my opinion, is inferior
to the sectional dock. In the harbor of New York I
they have not got a basin and railway. They |
have at the Brooklyn navy-yard a stone dock;
and I have been told since I have been here, that
the Government' of the United States never has
been required but once to admit a vessel into that
stone dock, because the sectional and floating
docks that they have in New York are amply suf-
ficient for all the commerce of that immense mart.
In Philadelphia you have a navy-yard and you
have a stone dock. A contract was made, and
authorized by Congress to build one of these sec-
tional docksand basin and rail waysin Philadelphia.
It was done. The experiment was tried—very
fairly tried; and it is true that the steamer City of
Pittsburg was carried into that dock at Philadel-
phia, and put upon it and floated into the basin,
and in the short space of seven days. Yes, sir,
seven days from the time she went into the dock
she was hauled up on one of these rails. That
experiment has been tolerably successful. In
Pensacola it has not been tried. The dock has not
been completed. 1 have no doubt that it will be
successful. I am not speaking against the basins
and railways and docks. At Kittery, Maine, or
rather Portsmouth, New Hampshire, they have
one also, and a seventy-four was taken on that
dock, and she was very fortunately got off again.
I have nothing to say against that. I only say
that in the great commercial marts of the country,
beginning at your extended East, coming to Bos-
ton, taking in my little State, taking in Connecti-
cut, New York, Philadelphia, Baltimore, Charles-
ton, and Savannah, you have got nothing of that
sort at all, except it is as I have described it. Sir,
what do we do in our section of the country, where
we have no such sectional dock ? In the little port
of Providence, when it is necessary for a vessel to
be coppered, she is careened over in the old-fash-
ioned way, such as they did in New York within
the last jifteen years, when they had no such thing
as this. Is this necessary in California at such an
enormous expense as is proposed ? It is true that
the price of labor is very high there; but alLwill
by and by be equalized. It is not possible, Mr.
President, for labor to continue a dollar a day in
North Carolina and Rhode Island, and three dol-
lars in California. Recently flour was thirty-nine
and forty dollars per barrel in California. It is
now twenty dollars, and directly, those who send
flour there will find that California, with her fer-
tile soil, will produce her own wheat and other
articles of consumption. It is true that emigration
to California has been very great; it is true that the
result of the labor among the gold has been enor-
mous; it is true that it is of great value in some
respects. For my own part, 1 do not think it so
valuable; still there are many who like gold better
than I do.
Mr. President, I am willing to agree that Cali-
fornia is a young, rich, growing, and prosperous
State; and when she to-day asked that §500,000
should be appropriated in defense of her harbor,
I agreed to it. I voted for it most cheerfully, and
I go for all the other appropriations that it is ne-
cessary to make for California. Our expenditures
there have been large. I will venture to say, if
you will go to work and look at it, you will find
that you have expended more in California with-
in the three years since she came into the Union,
than you did in the whole of the six New England
States since the Declaration of Independence. I
do not believe the whole of the expenditures that
have been made for any permanent improvements,
a fort, harbor, or any other improvement in the
six New England States since the adoption of the
Constitution equals the appropriations made for
California. I have heard it said—I do not say it
myself with any feeling of reproach—that Califor-
nia is like a wayward child. She is yet in her in-
fancy, and is always either feasting or crying.
[Laughter.] Now, this pet babe of ours nobody
has a stronger regard for than I have. But, Mr.
President, 1 do think, after the liberal appropria-
tions that have been made, after the doubtful ex-
periment that has been made in regard to th is basin
and railway, we should hesitate. As to the opinion
that I have formed—and I have formed it under
considerable advice, and consulting with gentlemen
who understand the thing better than I do—it is
that the sectional dock is sufficient, because it is
all that the Atlantic States have, and that the basin
and railway are not yet needed. Mr. President,
let me go one step further. Where are you to
place them? We have made a proviso within the
last hour that the Government of the United States
has yet to secure its title and get its jurisdiction
to the place where the navy-yard is to be placed,
and still you are making this provision for the
completion of the dock in California.
I met with some difficulty in this Chamber
some time ago because I opposed this appropria-
tion. I met the same opposition that I do now,
and the same frowns. Those things did not
trouble me much at that time. We have sent out
men to decide whether the Government of the
United States have got anything or nothing, or
whether the Government shall buy what they need
for their own purposes. The country at first was
absolutely so sparsely populatsd that nobody was
in possession of it, and it was taken by some four
or five hundred men in 1846 or 1847. That coun-
try is now totally within the reach of private own-
ership, so that the Government of the United
States has not got anything—has not got any pub-
lic lands there.
Such is the fact; and although I believe it is to
be a rich, and, as it has been said it is, the young
sister, I believe by-and-by, when she is skilled a
little, when the hairs of gentlemen have become
as gray as mine, and time and experience have
shown them that the development of wealth is
not all that is required, and that it is very little in
the great account which we have got to render,
not only to posterity, but to God, they will think
that the resources of the country should not be
applied to foster the hot-bed growth of that State
beyond what its own enterprise, energy, intelli-
gence, and stability will warrant.
I would say in regard to this location as it re-
gards the place called Mare Island, let the Gov-
ernment of the United States, under the appropri-
ation that has been made, commence the navy-
yard. Well, sir, those whom I shall leave here—
and I shall part with them personally with great
regret—will year after year be called upon to make
appropriation after appropriation for that naval
establishment, until you transcend three fourths
