1853.
of your naval establishments upon the Atlantic.
1 am perfectly willing to do it. If I were here, I
would vole for it. You have this Golden Gate that
enters into San Francisco, and where the wealth
of the Indies and Golconda are to enter, to take
care of. Be it so. You have to send your navy
to the seas to defend your commerce. Be it so. It
is all perfectly right and proper, and that navy
winch you send there will need a place for secu-
rity and repairs. That is all perfectly right; but
let me tell you that these expenditures are hasten-
ing themselves forward faster than the maturity
and growth of the country warrant. You have
this island. \ ou have now to place your navy-
yard there. That is not done in a day. In our
portion ot the country we have been years and
vears getting this thing, with all the laborious in-
dustry and exertions which we have made. The
harbor of Newport, in Rhode Island, one of the
best harbors in the world, never has received but
one fortification. We ask nothing: we get noth-
ing. If we did ask we would not get, and there-
fore we are too proud to ask it. But, sir, in this
new section of the country they ask very much.
New Orleans should get something. No section
deserves more than that of my honorable friend
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1029
from Louisiana, [Mr. Soule.] I am willing to
agree to that. I am willing that Florida should
have something, and that the interests of Indiana
should be attended to, although my friend [Mr.
Pettit] yesterday seemed rather to speak lightly
of the humble occupation of those who hold office
in my State. He yesterday spoke very lightly
indeed of them. I believe he said the Governor
of Rhode Island was obliged to peddle milk in
order to get a living. I stated to the honorable
Senator myself, privately, and I may now as well
eav it openly, that we in Rhode Island are a very
humble and laborious people. We take our pub-
lic officers from farming. Why, sir, I am a farm-
er. We do not go to the learned professions to
get our officers. We take the farmers; and if the
Governor of the State has any milk to sell he sells
it in our community when ne can do it with ad-
vantage; but I would say that we generally kill
our calves in Rhode Island and send off the milk.
There are some places, however, where they raise
up their calves, and if they have no occupation
for them at home they send them abroad—some-
times to Congress. [Laughter.]
Now, sir, I will add that I think the proposi-
tion before us is premature. If the Government
requires a dock, basin, and railway in California,
and it is time to get them if the officers who un-
derstand this thing in California think it would
be better to have the stone dock there, you could
^et it without difficulty. On these grounds I ob-
ject to the appropriation.
Mr. MASON. In reply to what has fallen from
the Senator from North Carolina, [Mr. Badge*,]
1 desire to say that I have looked into the report
made by the Committee on Naval Affairs in 1850,
and as I understand it, the matter—what aspect it
may have taken since I do not know—then stood
thus: The Secretary of the Navy reported to us
that, pursuant to the law of 1850, he had made a
contract with the parties, by name, for the con-
struction of a dock, basin, and railway at the price
of $1,450,000. When the question was raised,
whether the contract had been reduced to such a
form as to be obligatory, the committee of the Sen-
ate reported, and the judgment of the Senate con-
firmed the report, that the contract was made and
that it was obligatory upon the Government. It
was for the construction of the dock, basin, and
railway for some $1,450,000. The committee re-
ported that the law was mandatory upon the Sec-
retary; that he had no discretion, and that he had
made the contract according to the terms limited
by the law of 1850. But they reported further,
that the Secretary of the Navy, by the contract,
had reserved to himself the right to annul or to
abrogate so much of the contract as referred to the
basin and railway, unless the experiment then in
process of trial at Philadelphia should be found to
answer. Here is the language of the report:
" Tlie committee consider these appendages [that is, the
basin and railway] as peculiarly important to a dock, should
they be found, on experiments yet to be tried on a like work
now in process of construction at Philadelphia, to be of prac-
tical value; but as they are further informed by the Secretary
of Hie Navy, the contract, as made, authorizes him to abro
gate so much of it as provides for a basin and railway,' if
' the basin and railway in connection with the dock at Phil-
' adelphia shall not realize the ends expected from it upon
' tin experiments to be made at its completion and m suck
< case the dock only is to be completed and paid for at a pro-
'portionate price.
Then the matter stood thus: The Secretary
made the contract for a stated sum—$1,450,000;
for which sum the contractor was to make the
dock, basin, and railway. If it should be found,
upon experiment, by the Secretary of the Navy,
that the whole work in process of construction in
Philadelphia did not answer the expectation, he
was at liberty to abrogate so much of the contract
as authorized the erection of the basin and rail-
way, and then pay for the dry-dock alone. That
is exactly the state of the facts. Now, what is
the amendment? I never saw it until now, and I
do not understand it. It is:
" Towards the continuance, protection, and preservation
of the dry-dock and navy-yard at California, and the basin
and railway connected therewith, for that purpose, the sum
of $150,000."
What! $150,000 towards the continuance of this
dock, basin, and railway at San Francisco? To-
wards the continuance of it? Towards the pro-
tection and preservation of it ? That is all that is
said there—-I mean as far as I have read. I will
read the whole of it if gentlemen wish it. What
is meant by the continuance of it ? If the thing
is there it will continue of itself. If it wants re-
pairs, express it. What protection does it want?
If it wants protection against the waves, say so.
What preservation does it want? If it wants to
be preserved from anything which may destroy it, ,
say so. But here is the language of the amend-
ment:
"Towards the continuance, protection, and preservation
of the dry-dock at the na*y yard at San Francisco, and the
basin and railway connected therewith, for that purpose, the
sum of $150,000."
What next?
"And the Secretary of the Navy is hereby authorized
and directed to enter into a contract with the patentees for
the construction of the basin and railway as built by them
at Philadelphia and Pensacola navy-yards, to complete and
protect from danger the floating dock at the navy-yard in
California."
Why enter into a contract if the contract is al- ,
ready made ? The Secretary reported in 1850 that I
he had made a contract at $1,450,000—a contract
for the whole work, dock, basin, and railway;
and here again the Secretary is directed to enter
into a contract to construct the basin and railway.
I understood the contract was made in 1850, and '
whatever opinion was entertained at that time,
because it was made at a stated price, it was sanc-
tioned; and now here is a proposition to give
$150,000 to continue and protect and preserve the
work; and another proposition to authorize the
Secretary to enter into a contract to make it. And
what further?
" Provided, That it can be done at such a price that the
cost of tbe basin and railway shall not exceed the estimate
tn be made by the Navy Department of the probable cost
thereof, being built by the Government, said basin and rail-
way to be constructed according to the plans and specifica-
tions approved by the Department: Jind provided further,
That the remuneration of said contractors for the use of
their patent, their superintendence, and responsibility, shall
not exceed fifteen per cent, upon said estimate of the De-
partment for the construction of the basin and railway."
Now, as I understand the thing, it is this: In
1850, Congress authorized a dry-dock, basin, and
railway to be made. The Secretary contracted
with the contractors at the price of $1,450,000,
but reserved to himself the right to abrogate so
much of the contract as provided for the basin
and railway, unless the experiment at Philadelphia
should be satisfactory. I say, then, to the Senate,
as I understand it, the contract is made for a given
sum, $1,450,000; and unless the Naval Commit-
tee will bring before the Senate a statement from
the Department to let us know whether it is abro-
gated or not, so much of the contract as related to
the basin and railway, and why it abrogated it, I
will not vote for anything to enter into a new con-
tract; and if the Secretary of the Navy comes to
us and says that he has not abrogated it, but that
a further appropriation is necessary, let him give
his reasons, and then I will say whether I will
agree to it. The contract was made with power
to abrogate that portion of it; and I want the in-
formation from the Department as to what has
been done.
My honorable friend from California, I know,
entertains the opinion that the Senate is disposed
to give this appropriation to California. Sir, the
appropriations for California are excessive and
extraordinary. We were called upon a few hours
ago to vote more than $70,000 to build a black-
smith shop in California, and more than $60,000
for a carpenter's shop! Seventy thousand dollars
for a blacksmith's shop, and sixty thousand
dollars for a carpenter's shop ! I do not know
how they reason in California, but I know how
we reason in the quarter from which I come.
Seventy thousand dollars is the value of a large
estate there. It is estimated that it would cost
$37,000 to build one at home, and they add more
than two dollars for one to build it in California.
I do not mean at all to say that the prices in Cal-
ifornia are not high, but I do mean to say that
while prices are at that rate there we are not justi-
fied in expending the public money in this way.
Sir, while there is such a state of things existing
in that country, as puts everything at exorbitant
prices, we are not justified in voting the public
money to put up these buildings. I cannot vote for
it. I have no unkind feeling to any State in this
Union, but I have afeeling and consideration for the
Treasury; and while such a state of things exists
in California I am not justified in voting such
amounts. Now, as to the particular amendment
which we have before us, which proposes to con-
tract anew for a basin and railway, I say that
contract is made, and made for a specific sum,
' and the contractors are to be held to that. The
Secretary has power to abrogate it. If he has
abrogated it let him say so. If he has not abro-
gated it, and he wants more money, let that be
said, and let use vote intelligently and knowingly.
Mr. GWIN. I ask the Senate to take a vote
on this proposition, and I will not say another
word about it. Gentlemen talk here by the hour;
but I want the Navy appropriation bill acted upon.
All that has been estimated for by the Depart-
1 ment, except that connected with California, has
been acted upon without debate; and I want this
acted upon.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I will not occupy three
minutes. Mr. President, (Mr. Badger occupying
the chair,) you replied to the few remarks which
I made on this subject. You asserted that this
ought to be granted because the Secretary of the
, Navy has recommended it. I admit that the
present Secretary of the Navy has recommended
it; but his predecessors' recommendations were
against it. Secretary Mason was against it; Sec-
retary Graham was against it. I have two against
one, and consequently if there is anything to be
gathered from the opinion of the Secretaries upon
the subject, the authority is with me. Now, sir,
look at this amendment:
" For the continuance, protection, and preservation of
the dry-dock at the navy-yard at California."
Read the law of last session, and you will find
that Congress authorized the dock to be leased.
It was leased to the contractors at a profit, as the
Senator from Rhode Island says, of some $50,000.
Are we to expend some $800,000 more to make the
basin and railway connected with it, when it is
within the keeping and custody and for the benefit
of the contractors? They are bound by the exist-
ing law to keep it in repair. They are bound by
the contract to preserve the dock.
If a stranger had come into this Hall for the
last few years about this time of the night, at the
close of every session he would hear something
about these docks. I know very well that when
they were first started, some eight years ago, these
gentlemen came forward, and one side said they
would contract for $250,000 or $300,000, and the
other side said that it would not answer, that
theirs was not a good dock. Finally they went
together, and they got about $800,000 for each,
one at Kittery, and one at Philadelphia, and one
at Pensacola; and now they have received some
$610,000 for the dock in California. Is not that
enough? You have a dock in California. They
have got it leased. The mercantile marine can
be accommodated there now. I do hope the
amendment will not be agreed to.
Mr. HALE. I will occupy but a moment or two
of the Senate, and I do it out of regard for the con-
tractors. I listened to the remarks of the honor-
able Senator from Rhode Island, and I thought of
some way by which he might be answered; and,
in looking over the Concessional Globe, I find
that he is answered by Mr. Clarke. I will read
from his speech, made on the 30th of August,
1852, on this proposition:
"As it regards the basin and railway in California, I
havs simply to say now that no doubt it would be of veiTT
great importance to the Bay of San Francisco, and it may
