1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ator from Rhode Island has adopted here upon '
this occasion. Last night I remember I listened
to his musical voice until about eleven o'clock, and
when the working hour had nrrived—the hour
for voting—that Senator had gone to his lodging,
and I doubt not was soundly asleep at two o'clock,
when we were compelled to sit up here, in con-
sequence of his speaking, to transact the public
business. Now 1 hope he will not do that to-
night. After having consumed so large a portion
of our time, I hope, when the hour tor working
comes, he will remain, and he will give us the
light of his countenance during the last hours
which he will spend with us, remembering that
to-morrow night he leaves us, never perhaps to
meet us asrain. 1 shall be sorry to separate from
him. Although differing on many public ques-
tions from him since I have been here, 1 am
compelled to say that that Senator has given me,
not only a great deal of instruction, but he has
been the source of an infinite degree of amuse-
ment. If he has not been witty himself, he has,
like Jack Falstaff, been the cause of wit in others
oftentimes. [Laughter.] All I desire now is,
that the Senate should come to a vote on this
question. There are a great many other things
which I might say, but 1 am afraid of provoking
my friend from Rhode Island to inflict another
speech on the Senate on the subject. With the
hope that he will now agree to say nothing, and
will just keep his seat and suffer us to come to a
vote, I will stop; otherwise I have something to ]
say in regard to that declaration of his, that all
the calves have been killed off in Rhode Island.
[Laughter.] But I shall not go into that.
Mr. CLARKE. I have not the slightest incli-
nation to reply in any way to the Senator from
California. He began by speaking of the State
which I represent in part, as being a poor and
God-forsaken country. Now. Mr. President^ we
«re told in Holy Writ—whicn is new probably
to the Senator from California [laughter]—that
" the poor have ye always with you," and, sir,
although he congratulates himself upon my exodus
from this Chamber, still he will fina, perhaps, that
one as poor as myself, but not so humble perhaps
in intellect, may succeed me, and be his associate
here.
Mr. President, I appreciate fully the kind feel-
ing that has been expressed by the Senator from
California. I appreciate fully the kindly expres-
sions used towards mel They are fully recipro-
cated. I know that the Senator from California
has but one feeling, and that is a feeling of love
for his State and for his country. I mean neither
to impeach the one nor to derogate from the other.
We all know the high sense ofpatriotism, intelli-
gence, and Christian virtues that have adorned his
character through life. [Laughter.]
Mr. President, I have been doomed to remain
in that spot of earth, small as it is, called the State
of Rhode Island. 1 have loved her from my in-
fancy, I love her now, and if I were not too old
a man to vaunt forth any feeling that I have within
my breast, I would say that I would sacrifice my
life even, for the honor and the reputation of the
State which I represent. Sir, Rhode Island is my
birth-place. I have stood by her; I have lived in
her. The bones of my ancestors are there, and
my own bones shall rest there, if my choice can
? re vail. I never deserted the State of my birth;
never went abroad to seek for the honors that
my own country and my own constituency would
not give me. I stand here as the representative
of a State, small as it is, which contains within
itself the bones of him who first led your navies
to victory in the wars of your Revolution; and of
the little round-hatted Quaker, who signed your
Declaration of Independence. They were rela-
tives of mine. The one was my grandfather, the
other was my maternal uncle. The same blood
that flowed m their veins flows in mine; and I
pride myself, here upon the floor of the Senate,
that I derive from tnem the best principles that
can bind a man to fidelity, to the institutions, to
the Constitution, and to the liberties of the coun-
try. Sir, I came here for no selfish purpose. I
came here to represent that little State, so far
as my feeble abilities could do it. I never have
worshipped the golden god. I never have sought
the idol of political corruption. What I have said
here has been in the course of that sense of duty
which I owed to the country. I have done noth-
ing more. I have intended to offend no man, and
1031
when you speak of men, when you speak of them
as they are, you speak of them as they stand; you
spe&k of them as they are, responsible for what
tliey say, and responsible to those to whom they
may speak. Now, a joke of mine, which was all
in good humor, which did not offend my honor-
able friend from Indiana 
Mr. PETTIT. Not in the least.
Mr. CLARKE. I have his assent for it that it
did not in the least offend him. I say that that
joke of mine has brought down upon me the indig-
nation and wit of the Senator from California.
Sir, he himself has taken up the glove which was
in perfect harmony reciprocated between the Sen-
ator from Indiana and myself. Why did he do
it ? He has been upon the battle-field; I have not.
Was it necessary for him to exhibit his valor in
provoking a contest with me, a man who has
grown gray, having no sort of a disposition to a
personal contest? No, sir; it certainly could not
nave been so. An exhibition of wit is very well
in its place, but it is the most awkward thing in
the world when it is lugged in uncalled for and
unformed. The Senator has chosen to exercise
it. I have no reply to make. He has my un-
qualified respect for much of talent, much of liber-
ality in the course which he has pursued. Between
him and me there can be no difference whatever
unless he seeks it. If he does he has the battle-
field to himself. The honor is all his own. I
have done.
Mr. BRODHEAD called for the yeas and nays
on the amendment, and they were ordered.
Mr. WALKER. There is a certain phrase in
the amendment which I think the Senator from
California had better change. If he does hot, the
Senate had better do it. The expression is that
it is not to exceed the estimate of the cost " to be
made" by the proper authorities. What that
estimate may be it is not possible for the Senate
to judge. -It may be tfhything. It may be nothing.
I think we had better change the expression, and
say that the cost shall not exceed the estimate
which has been made, if any has been made; and
if one has not been made, let us know it. I am
disposed to vote for the amendment.
Mr. BRODHEAD. One estimate which has
been made was about $800,000.
Mr. WALKER. Let us know something
certain.
The yeas and nays being taken on the amend-
ment, resulted—yeas 23, nays 25; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Bell, Dodge of Wis-
consin, Dodge of Iowa, Douglas, Downs, Fish, Foot, Gwin,
Hale, Houston, James, Jones of Iowa, Mallory, Mangnm,
Morton, Norris, Rusk, Sebastian, SouU, Walker, and
Weller—23.
NAYS—Messrs. Borland, Bradbury, Bright, Brodhead,
Brooke, Chase, Clarke, Dawson,De Saussure, Fitzpatrick,
Geyer, Hamlin, Hunter, Mason, Miller, Pearce, Pettit,
Phelps, Pratt, Shields, Smith, Spruanee, Sumner, Under-
wood, and Wade—25.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. MALLORY. The Committee on Naval
Affairs has unanimously instructed me to offer as
j an amendment to the bill, the bill which passed
the Senate for the reorganization of the Navy.
Mr. GWIN. That is the bill which passed the
Senate. I hope there will be no objection to it.
Mr. HUNTER. It is impossible that that can
I be acted on without debate.
| Mr. MALLORY. I desire to have a vote. I
will briefly explain my object in presenting the
! amendment. I do not desire to make a speech
i upon it, though the occasion might be tempting.
< I desire to make an appeal to the Senate. We
! have the best material upon the face of the e&rth
j to constitute'a navy, but in its organization we
| probably have it the least effective, and the least
j kept up with the progress of the age. For the last
! year the attention of the Naval Committee has
! been called to the subject. The result has been,
: by the efficient aid of the gallant gentleman who
occupied a seat with us a few days since, [Mr.
i Stockton,] whose name is identified inseparably
with the bill which passed the Senate, we drafted
a bill which meets general approval. I have yet
to hear the complaint of any grade in the service,
of any officer of any rank in the service that the
bill is defective. It meets their approval entirely.
I will add that to meet the objection of two staff
I corps of the Navy, the rule adopted by the Navy
i Department as to pursers and surgeons, has, since
j the bill was reported, been included in it. Now,
1 sir, there is a majority in this body decidedly in
favor of this bill. It involves no expenditure of
money. It does not increase the officers of the
Navy, but its effect will be to decrease them.
Under the present organization where age and im-
becility are the chief criteria for conferring the
command upon officers, your Navy is debilitated,
and as long as that rule continues, it will become
lower and lower in the public estimate, and that
will not only be the case, butyou will not build
ships for them to command. Then I say the ma-
jority of the Senate having voted upon the bill,
and a majority of the House being ready to pass
it, if we adopt it as an amendment to this bill, the
Naval Committee would be recreant to its duty
and to the country if it did not insist upon its pas-
sage. As 1 say, no appropriation is necessary to
be made. I appeal to the Senate in behalf of the
gallant gentleman who reported the bill, and the
benefit of whose labors the country has got in it,
that his labors may not be thrown away.
Mr. WELLER. If my memory serves me,
this bill passed some four weeks ago, and passed
too without debate. It was then urged that the
Naval Committee had given such an examination
j of the subject as precluded the necessity of a dis-
I cussion here. Why has it not passed the House
i of Representatives ? If there be a majority there
, in favor of it, under the rules of the House they
could have passed it if they had seen proper,
i Now, it is brought in here upon nearly the last
j night of the session, and it is attempted to be fast-
ened by way of an amendment to an appropriation
bill. It is a bill which, in my judgment, should
have been carefully examinee! by every Senator
here before his support was given to it. I cannot
consent, for one, to vote for it now. It effects a
' radical change in the Navy. Whenever you
strike at the root of the organization of a system,
as it does* it should be carefully examined. I
shall be compelled, therefore, to vote against it.
Mr. HALE. 1 move to amend the amendment
by adding to it a bill which has been introduced
into the Senate providing for the appointment of &
court of investigation on private claims. The
Senate understand what it is. There will be no
necessity for reading it.
Mr. PETTIT. I shall insist upon the reading
of the whole amendment. The Senator from Flor-
ida says—and I certainly do not intend to dispute
his word—that his amendment makes no increase
in the naval officers, or in the expenditures of the
Navy; still I greatly prefer to nave the amend-
ment read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Whichamend-
ment?
Mr. PETTIT. The amendment of the Senator
from Florida.
Mr. BRADBURY. I have not addressed the
Senate for several days, but I now desire to tres-
pass upon its attention not exceeding five min-
utes. I desire to say that I wish the Senate
would seize this opportunity to pass the measure
proposed by the Senator 'from New Hampshire.
I believe it would relieve Congress from the pres-
sure of difficulties under which it now exists.
Why is.it that all our business at the close of the
session is crowded upon the appropriation bills ?
Because the House does not act upon business
which is sent there; and the reason is that they
have such a mass of undigested business that they
cannot get to it. That state of things will con-
tinue and increase until all the worst claims will
be pressed upon the appropriation bills, unless we
have a court for their investigation. Now, I will
say in regard to the bill which the Senator from
New Hampshire has proposed as an amendment,
that it was considered by the Committee on the
Judiciary two years ago and passed the Senate by
a vote of 38 to 8. The present bill has been pre-
pared partially from that. A very objectionable
feature that was found in that is stricken out. It
provides for the establishment of a court to inves-
tigate claims and to have the testimony taken by
the same rule by which it would be taken in &
court of law, so that the evidence will be clearly
ascertained.
The bill provides that the cases shall be argued
in open court, and not in any of your secret com-
missions that give an opportunity for outrage^ or
fraud, which has been known sometimes to exist.
When the court has investigated and is prepared
to report, it must report at the commencement of
the session, and statedly during the session. It
is required to report the facts established by the
