1032
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
evidence itself, and the reasons for its opinion,
which are to be transmitted and published, and
laid before Congress; and when small claims under
a thousand dollars are reported upon favorably,
they may be embraced in the same bill. Thus
the business will be matured and presented to Con-
gress for its action. It is believed by those cogni-
zant with the subject, that under such investiga-
tion two thirds of the claims now presented here
would disappear and never be heard of. There
are some small ones so perfectly clear that they
would pass at once if we had the testimony upon
which they rest. Again: it would leave Congress
with evidence; not ascertained—as we now act
upon testimony—drawn up by some attorney,
and sworn to by some nameless person that can
never be found. Sir, I believe if we pass this
measure, Congress and the country will say that
it is the most beneficial measure of reform that j
will pass at this session. I believe it can be adopt- I
ed on this bill. Let us then adopt it, and adopt j
the other amendment, and 1 am assured that the
House is prepared for it, and that it will pass it I
at once. I will trouble the Senate no further. |
Mr. PETTIT. I will now call for the reading
of the amendment ofthe Senator from New Hamp- 1
shire, as well as the other.
The Secretary commenced reading the amend-
ment of Mr. Mallory  j
Mr. GWIN. I would suggest to the Senator
from Florida to withdraw his amendment. I know ;
we cannot get it through on this bill. If we go
loading the bill down with amendments we will
endanger it. I am in favor of the amendment it-
self, but there are various other amendments here,
and I think this had better be withdrawn.
Mr. MALLORY. This is the most extraordi-
nary proceeding that I have ever witnessed; ex-
traordinary in itself; extraordinary in the source ;
from which it comes—the very source which, in
my opinion, should insist on the amendment, in-
stead of saying that it will load down the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will inform the Senator from Florida, that he has
merely taken the floor to answer an inquiry
whether he will withdraw the amendment. If he
does not withdraw it, the reading of the amend-
ment must be proceeded with.
Mr. MALLORY. I am giving the reasons why
I will not withdraw it.
Mr. SMITH. Is it in order for the Senator to
assign his reasons why he will not withdraw it?
Mr. MALLORY. That is for the Chair to de-
cide.
Mr. SMITH. I desire to say to the honorable
Senator, that I wish to vote for the amendment,
but I do not wish to hear a speech.
Mr. MALLORY. In assigning reasons why
former amendments should not be put on the ap-
propriation bills, it has been said that they were
not germane. Such a charge cannot be made
against this amendment.
Mr. GWIN. As chairman of the Committee on
Naval Affairs, I cannot permit such an imputation
to be made upon me. 1 made no such statement
as that this amendment was loading down the bill.
I told the Senator from Florida, that the bill was
being loaded down with amendments; and it is
not at all extraordinary, if I want to save the Navy
appropriation bill, for me to make such an appeal.
The Secretary proceeded with the reading of
the amendment 
Mr. RUSK. If I can obtain the attention of
my friend from Indiana, I desire to make an appeal
to him. It is now half-past eight o'clock. The
amendment is a very long one. It has been printed
and is lying upon our tables. I sat up here last
night until verv late, and I apprehend we shall be
obliged to sit here to-morrow all night. I there-
fore hope we will get away by twelve to-night. I
do trust, therefore, he will withdraw his applica-
tion for the reading of the amendment.
Mr. PETTIT. I will say to the Senator from
Texas that I would gladly dispense with the read-
ing or the presentation of the amendment. But
it has been presented, as I think, entirely out of
place—with all due deference to the Senator from
Florida. 1 was not present when the bill passed.
I have no doubt, notwithstanding the speech of
the Senator from Florida, that it will largely in-
crease the Navy—the officers of the Navy, the
expenditures of the Navy. I freely admit that
one object I had in having the amendment read
waa to weary out the Senate and induce them to
abandon the further consideration of the subject.
The Senator from Florida, it seems to me, must
know, ^hat although this might be forced upon
us, the House will not pass it under any contin-
gency. Why should we be delayed with it?
Why should such a subject as this be brought
before us almost on the last night of the session ?
Now, Mr. President, let me say to the movers
of the amendments, that if these matters are to be
pressed, I shall undoubtedly detain the Senate a
long time—a thing which I have not done yet—in
a discussion mainly upon the amendment proposed
by the Senator from New Hampshire. So far
from my holding to the idea that there ought to
be a commission raised at the seat of Government
for the investigation of claims against the Gov-
ernment, I am firmly convinced in the opinion
that they ought to be submitted to a regular suit
before the district court in every State where the
claim shall originate; that there is no reason why
you shall authorize your courts to take cognizance
of suits between a half a dozen or one on one
side and half a dozen on the other, and shall not
authorize them to take cognizance of claims where
there are a million or twenty-five millions on one
side and but one claimant on the other. I shall
move an amendment to the amendment to strike
out the whole of the provision, and insert one
which will be the organization of a system by
which the United States may be served with a
process in every case justifying a litigation, after
the proper officer here shall refuse to pay it, by
which the United States may be sued, and a trial
had before their own judge and jury, and wit-
nesses introduced according to the known and
acknowledged rules of law, and a judgment ren-
dered; and, if necessary, an execution on your
public buildings issued for their sale. I protest
against proceeding with the consideration of the
amendment without reading.
The Secretary concluded the reading of the
amendment, and commenced reading the amend-
ment to the amendment 
Mr. GWIN. I rise to the question as to wheth-
er that amendment is in order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
sees nothing to make it out of order. It contains
no appropriation.
Mr. GWIN. It provides for the appointment
of a Board of Accounts.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It has been
decided heretofore that a want of relevancy to the
bill under consideration does not make an amend-
ment out of order. That is the decision of the
Chair.
Mr. GWIN. I appeal from that decision,and
ask the Senate if they are going to have a Board
of Accounts upon an appropriation bill? If such
a species of legislation is allowed, we will never
get through with the bills. 1 appeal from the de-
cision of the Chair, and call on the Senate to sus-
tain me in the position, that the amendments to
this bill shall relate only to the Navy and not go
outside of it and legistate for "all the world and
the rest of mankind," bringing in things which
have no relation to it at all.
Mr. HALE. I suppose the question now be-
fore the Senate is, whether the decision of the
Chair shall stand as the judgment of the Senate ?
I suppose that there is no principle better settled
in parliamentary law, than that the presiding
officer of a deliberative body cannot reject an
amendment because it is incongruous with the
main matter of the bill. It is laid down by all
elementary writersmost distinctly, that if themat-
ter be not pertinent to the bill, or be not germane
to it, it is a sufficient reason for the body to vote
it down, but affords no reason at all why the pre-
siding officer should rule it out of order upon a
question of order. The Senator from Tennessee
has had occasion to bring this subject before the
Senate on several occasions. It was discussed
very freely on a former occasion when the Sena-
tor from Wisconsin offered a bill providing for a
territorial government for our Territories, includ-
ing the very Territory which the Senator from
California now represents, as an amendment to a
general appropriation bill. It was sustained by
the gentleman then occupying the chair. The
question has been raised over and over again, and
the decision has always been the same. If it
should be reversed, the right of debate would be
worth nothing in the Senate. And again, sir, I
recollect another time when this point was made.
I There was a bill passed providing a pension for
James Norris—a Navy pension bill—and upon
that was grafted, on the motion of the Senator from
Wisconsin, a bill providing compensation for the
civil officers of one of the Territories. When we
come to it, that the doctrine of the Senator from
California can be sustained, there is an end of
debate, because instead of its being in the body to
| be exercised at their discretion, the discretion is
placed in the President of the Senate, who is un-
der the Constitution not a member of the body.
Mr. GWIN. Is this speech upon the pointof
order?
Mr. HALE. Yes, sir.
Mr. GWIN. I withdraw the point rather than
hear the Senator's speech.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. BRIGHT, from the Committee of Confer-
ence, on the part of the Senate, on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill making ap-
propriations for the support of the Army for the
year ending the 30th of June, 1854, reported that
the conferees of the Senate, having met the con-
ferees of the House of Representatives, had agreed
to recommend,and do recommend to the Houses,
as follows :
That the House of Representatives recede from its dis-
agreement to the I4th, 15th, 31st, and 32d amendments of
the Senate. That the Senate recede from its 16th, 18th,
19th, 23d, 24th, 25th, 27th, 29th, 30th, 33d, 34th, 40th, 42d,
and 45th amendments. That the House recede from ita
amendment to the 27th amendment of the Senate. That
the Senate concur in tlie amendment of the House to its
first amendment. That the Senate concur in the amend-
ment of the House to us 22d amendment.
Mr. WELLER. The only State particularly
interested in some of those amendments is the
State I represent; and some how or other the
Committee of Conference was composed of mem-
bers who had voted against all those appropria-
tions ; therefore I am not surprised that they
should recede from the amendments placed upon
the bill by the Senate.
Mr. SHIELDS. I will state to my honorable
friend from California that I was on the Commit-
tee of Conference, and it is known that I was de-
cidedly in favor of those amendments, but the
committee on the part of the House assured us
the bill would be lost if we did not recede.
Mr. WELLER. There is nothing more com-
mon than for the House of Representatives to
attempt to control the action of the Senate in that
way. If I was on a Committee of Conference,
and believed a measure to be right, I should ad-
here to it, and throw the responsibility on the
House, and let it pursue whatever course the
limited knowledge it has of public affairs would
warrant it in pursuing.
Mr. SHIELDS. The Senator can do that when
he gets on a Committee of Conference.
Mr. WELLER. Somehow or other, when my
State is interested I am never on a Committee of
Conference.
The report was concurred in.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill making appropriations for the naval service
for the year ending the 30th of June, 1854.
Mr. PETTIT. Having discovered that there is
some remaining virtue, and, as I think, integrity,
in the House of Representatives, in disagreeing to
all our wild amendments, I will not insist upon
the further reading of the amendment to the amend-
ment. I consent to have the vote taken now. I
am satisfied that the House of Representatives will
do justice to it.
Mr. BRIGHT. I move that theSenateadjourn.
Mr. BAYARD called for the yeas and nays on
the motion, and they were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 26, nays 26; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bright, Brodhead,Butler, Chase,Clarke,
Cooper, Davis, Dawson, Downs, Felch, Foot, Hale, James,
Jones of Tennessee, Mangum, Mason, Miller, Pearce, Pet-
tit, Pratt, Busk, SouW, Spruance, Sumner, Underwood,
and Wade—26.
NAYS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Bayard, Bell, Bor-
land, Bradbury, Brooke, De Saussure, Dodge of Iowa,
Douglas, Fish, Fitzpatrick, Geyer, Gwm, Hamlin, Hous-
ton, Hunter, Jones of Iowa, Mallory, Morton, Norris, Se-
bastian, Shields, Toucey, Walker, and Weller—26.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. BROOKE. I move a reconsideration of
the vote by which the amendment providing for
the completion of the basin and railway for the
California dock was rejected.
