1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1033
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.'* That motion is not now in order,there
heir* already a question pending before theSenate,
which 's oil the amendment moved by the Senator
from New Hampshire [Mr. H ale] to the amend-
ment offered bv the Senator from Florida [Mr.
Muiory] to the naval appropriation bill.
Mr. WELLER. If that be so, 1 should like
to know what is the meaning of the rule which
mikes a motion to reconsider a privileged motion.
The Senator from Mississippi has maile a motion
to reconsider a vote which, according to the rule,
is a privileged motion. I understand by a priv-
ileged motion one which takes precedence of pend-
motions. I desire, therefore, that the Chair
would say what is the meaning of a privileged
motion. The proposition is to reconsider a vote
which has just been taken upon the bill which is
pending.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. A motion to
adjourn would always be in order, but it cannot
be interposed when another question is pending.
Mr. WELLER. Undoubtedly you can move
to adjourn when another question is pending. It
is a privileged motion and can be made at any
time, no matter what is pending. So in this case.
Here the Senator from Mississippi makes a priv-
ileged motion—a motion to reconsider, which I
apprehend takes precedence of the pending motion,
no matter what it is, and nothing can take prece-
dence of that except a motion to adjourn, which,
beins always in order, of course takes precedence.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If such be the
sense of the Senate, the Chair will receive the mo-
tion.
Mr. HALE. As there seems to be some diffi-
cu'ty on this question of order, I move that the
Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. WELLER called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered; and being taken,resulted—
yeas 31, nays 21; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Bright, Brodtiead, Butler,
Cbase, Clarke, Cooper, Davis, Dawson, De Saussure,
Down*. Felch. Foot. Hale, James, Jones of Iowa, Man-
gum, Mason, Miller, Norris, Pearce, Pettit, Phelps, Pratt,
Rusk, Smith, Soulf, Spruance, Sumner, Underwood, and
Wade—31.
NAYS — Messrs. Bayard, Bell, Borland, Bradbury,
Brr*>ke, Dodse of Iowa. Douglas, Fish, Fitzpatrick. Geyer,
Ctin, Hamlin, Houston. Hunter, Jones of Tennessee,
Mallorv, Morton, Sebastian, Toucev, Walker, and Weller
—21.
So the motion was agreed to, and at twenty
minutes past nine o'clock, p. m., the Senate ad-
journed.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, March 2, 1853.
The House met at eleven o'clock. Prayer by
the Rev. C. M. Bdtler.
The 3 ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
On the motion of Mr. DUNHAM, by anani-
mous i-onsent,
Ordered, That the House insist upon their amendments
(4j«asreed to b> the Senate) to the amendment? of the Sen-
ate. and upon their disagreement to the amendments of the
Senate, to the bill or' the House (Vo. 33oj to supply defi-
ciencies in the appropriation* for the service of the fiscal
y *ar endme June 30, 1*33,'' and agree to the conference
a?ke<i for bv the Senate upon the said disagreeing votes.
Ordered, That Mr. Dunham, Mr. William Appletov,
ai.fl Mr. Nabers be appointed said committee upon the
part ot the House.
PRE-EMPTION RIGHTS.
On the motion of Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi,
by unanimous consent,
Ordered, That the House insist upon their amendment
(<ii"aarei-d to by the Senate) to the bill of the Senate No.
5*ii. to extend preemption rights to unsurveyed lamN, and
l"r ol:i r purpo«es, and ask a conference with the Senate
upon the said disagreeing vote.
Ordered, That Mr. Alblit G. Brown, Mr. John
Moore, and Mr. Dawson be the said committee on the part
of the House.
POWERS OF STEAMBOAT INSPECTORS.
Mr. DUNCAN. 1 wish to make an appeal to
the House, to which I have no doubt they will
respond, that they will give their unanimous con-
sent to take up the resolution from the Senate in
reference to the powers of steamboat inspectors,
which is essentially necessary in order to carry
out a law passed at the last session, and essentially
necessary for the security of a vast number of
owners of steamboats throughout the country. It
is resolution No. 79.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I object
to it. It is a very important bill, and repeals the
law of the last session.
Mr. WALSH. It does not repeal the law.
Mr. LETCHER I call for the regular order
of business.
Mr. DUNCAN. I move a suspension of the
rules for that purpose.
The SPEAK ER. The main question has been
ordered upon the amendments to the Army bill,
and the motion is not therefore in order.
Mr. DUNCAN. I trust the House will not,
when there is so thin an attendance, take a vote
upon the amendments to the Army bill, but that
the resolution I have named, to which there can
be no possible objection, be taken up and acted
upon.
The SPEAKER. The House is acting under
the operation of the previous question, and it is
impossible to suspend the rules.
JOHN CHARLES FREMONT.
On the motion of Mr. GORMAN, by unan-
imous consent,
Ordered, That the House insist upon their amendment
disagreed to by the Senate to the bill of the Senate (No.
573) entitled An act for the relief of John Charles Fre-
mont, late Lieutenant Colonel in the Army of the United
States,'' and ask a conference with the Senate upon the said
disagreeing vote.
Ordered, That Mr. Gorman, Mr. Haven, and Mr. Orr,
be the said committee on the part of the House.
OATH OF OFFICE TO THE VICE PRESIDENT.
Mr. BRAGG. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to take up Senate bill No. 639, pro-
viding for administering the oath of office to Wil-
liam R. King, as Vice President elect of the Uni-
ted States of America.
The bill was then read a first and second time
by its title.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If I understand
the resolution, it provides that the consul shall
administer the oath at Havana. I am informed
that he is one hundred and ten miles from that
place, and I suggest to the gentleman that he so
amend the bill that it read " at Havana or any
other place."
Mr. BRAGG. I move so to amend the bill.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment, and it was agreed to.
The bill was then, according to order, read a
third time and passed.
Mr. CLEVELAND. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to take up a bill for the re-
lief of an old man, ninety years of age. It will
take but a moment.
Mr. McMULLIN. I call-for the regular order
of business.
PER DIEM OF SICK MEMBERS.
Mr. MASON. I have a privileged question. I
hope no one will object to it. It is asked at the
end of every session.
The resolution was then read, as follows: I
Retained, That the Clerk of this House be directed to !
pav out of the contingent fund, under the order of the Com-
mittee on Accounts, the per dietn of any members who by
sickness or unavoidable detention were prevented from
attendance on this House on the first day of the session.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I offer the fol-
lowing amendment to the resolution:
Reiolvei, That the Clerk of the House be, and he is
hereby, authorized to pay the clerk of the Printing Commit
tee, out of the contingent fund, the sum of two dollars per
day for each day while employed in examining, settling,
and recording the accounts of the public printers for work
executed by them for this House under the contract system I
during the Thirty-first and Thirty-second Congresses. |
Mr. McMULLIN. I desire to know if this j
clerk has been employed as clerk to another com-
mittee.
Mr. STANTON. He has been the clerk of the i
Joint CoTnmittee on Printing, and his duties have j
been very ardous. He has earned what is asked
by this amendment.
Mr. TOOMBS. I rise to a question of order.
The SPEAKER. The original resolution is to
pay the per diem of members. This amendment
is to pay the compensation of a clerk, and it is
not germane to the resolution, in the opinion of the
Chair.
Mr. PHELPS. I demand the previous ques-
tion upon the resolution.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Ma-
ion's resolution, and it was agreed to.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
The SPEAKER. The question first in order
is the following amendment to the Army bill,
upon which the yeas and nays have been ordered:
" For the defense ofSan Francisco, California, $500,000."
The question was then taken, and there were—
yeas 73, nays 65; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. William Appleton, Bennett, Bowne,
Brings, Brooks, George H. Brown, E. Carrington Cabell,
Chandler, Clark, Cleveland, Curtis, Daniel, Darby, George
T. Davis, Dean, Disney, Doty, Duncan, Eastman, Evans,
Ewing, Fitch, Florence, Freeman, Thomas J. D. Fuller,
Goodenow, Goodrich, Gorman, Grey, Harper, Hart, Henn,
Howard, Thomas M. Howe, Robert VV. Johnson, George
G. King, Kuhns, Landry, Mace, Marshall, Martin, Mason,
McDonald, MeNair, Henry D. Moore, Olds, Samuel W.
Parker, Penn, Polk, Porter, Reed, Richardson, Riddle,
Robbins, Robinson, Sabine, Sehernierhorn, Ongen 8. Sey-
mour, Smart, Smith, Stanly, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard
H. Stanion, St. Martin, Taylor, Thurston, Walsh, Ward,
Washburn, Watkins, Addison White, and Williams—7:).
NAYS—Messrs. Abercroinhie, Aiken, Charles Allen,
Averett, Bibigliaus, Bocock, Bragg, Brenton, Albert G.
Brown, Burrows, Busby, Caldwell, Lewi' D. Campbell,
Cartter, Chastain, Clingman, Cobb, John G. Davis, Daw-
son, Dimmiek, Dockery, Dunham, Edmundson, Floyd,
Gaylord, Giddings, Hamilton, Hendricks, Hibbard, Holla-
day, Houston, Ives, Andrew Johnson, James Johnson,
John Johnson, Daniel T.Jones, George W. Jones, J. Glan-
cy Jones, Preston King, Letcher, Little, McMullin, Mc-
Queen, Meade, Millson, Morehead, Murphy, Murray, Orr,
Penniman, Perkins, Phelps, Robie, Sackett, Scurry, Skel-
ton, Benjamin Stanton, Abraham P. Stephens, Alexander
H. Stephens, Thaddeus Stevens, Toombs, Venable, Wil-
cox, Wildrick, and WToodward—65.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The first clause of the amendment, making ap-
propriations for fortifications, was read, as fol-
lows:
" For continuing the defenses at the following forts, viz :
.Florida.—Fnrt Jefferson, at Gardon Keys, or Tortugas
Islands, $100,000."
Mr. STANLY. The gentleman from Mary-
land, [Mr. Evans,] not now in his seat, demanded
the yeas and nays upon all those amendments.
A Member. Not the yeas and nays, but a
separate vote.
Mr. STANLY. Well, then, I demand the
yeas and nays upon the whole of them, to save
time.
Mr. HOUSTON. It is not in order for the
gentleman to ask the yeas and nays upon the
whole of them; and as the gentleman from Mary-
land is not in his seat, I hope we will not consume
the time in this way, unless there are other mem-
bers who demand the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order to demand
the yeas and nays upon four or five several amend-
ments. It is the right of any gentleman to demand
them upon any one proposition as it comes up.
The question now before the House is upon the
following amendment:
" Fort Jefferson, at Gardon Keys, or Tortugas Islands,
$100,000."
Mr. STANLY demanded tellers; but only
eleven gentlemen rising, they were not ordered.
The question was then taken, «nd the amend-
ment of the Senate was agreed to.
The question was taken, severally, on the fol-
lowing clauses of the Senate amendment, and they
were agreed to, viz:
" Fort Taylor, Key West, $75,000."
" Georgia.—Fort Pulaski, including barracks and quar-
ters, $20.000."
" South Carolina.—Fort Sumter, Charleston harbor,
$100,000."
The next amendment of the Senate was read, as
follows:
" Maryland.—Fort Carroll, Sollers's Point, Baltimore
harbor, $50,000."
Mr. CARTTER demanded the yeas and nays
upon that amendment; which were ordered.
The question was taken, and there were—yeas
85, nays 78; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Allison, John Appleton,
William Appleton, Ashe, David J. Bailey, Bibigliaus,
Bowne, Briggs, Brooks, George H. Brown, Burrows, E.
Carrington Cabell, Chandler, Cottman, Curtis, Darby,
George T. Davis, Disney, Dockery, Duncan, Eastman,
Evans, Faulkner, Fay, Florence, Freeman, Henry M.
Fuller, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Gamble, Goodenow, Good-
rich, Green, Harper, Hart, Haws, Holladay, Howard,
Thomas M. Howe, Ingersoll, Jackson, John Johnson, Rob-
ert W. Johnson, George G. King, Kuhns, Landry, Little,
Lockhart, Mace, Marshall, Martin, McDonald, MeNair,
Miller, Henry D. Moore, John Moore, Nabers, Outlaw,
Penn, Porter, Reed, Riddle, Sabine, Schermerhorn, Ongen
S. Seymour, Skelton, Smart, Stanly, Frederick P. Stanj
ton, Richard H. Stanton, Abraham P. Stephens, Stone,
St. Martin, Stratton, Sweelser, Taylor, Thurston, Walsh,
Ward, Washburn, Watkins, Addisen White, Wilcox,
Williams, and Y ates—86.
