1034
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
NAYS—Messrs. Charles Allen, Averetr, Tiiibeock, Ho-
coek. Braei, lirenton, Albert <5. Brmvn, Hilsby, Josepli
Cahle, Calilnoll, Lewis p. Cumi'tiell, Thompson
bell, t'.uircr, Cha^tdin. Clark, dim^iis, CoM>, Colcock,
Conger, Cullnm, Haiuel, John G. D.w is, Dawson, Oean,
Pit   Doly, Dunham, EriiuunrUon, Firklin, Fitch,
Floyd. flayloni.Gukltnsr.s, Gorman,Gr.nv, [shamG. Harris,
Sampson *\V. Harris. Haven, Hendrif*ks, Hibbard, Hous-
ton, Thomas Y. How, Ives, Jenkins, James Johnson,
Darnel T. Jones, George \V. Jones, J. Glanev Jones. Pres-
ton King, Letcher, Mason, MeVullin, McQueen, Meade,
Millson, Molony,'Morellead, Murphy, Murray, Orr, Ail-
drew Parker, Samuel VV. Parker, Penmman, Perkins,
Phelps, Powell, Robie, Savage, Sehooleraft. Scarry, Smith,
Alexander II Stephens, Thailileus Stevens, Stuart, Suth-
erland, Toombs, Tow'nshend, and Venable—78.
So the amendment was adopted.
The next amendment of the Senate was read,
as follows:
" Delaware.—Fort Delaware, Pea Patch Island, Dela-
ware river, §150,0041."
Mr. CARTTEU. demanded the yeas and nays;
but they were not ordered.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was agreed to.
The next amendments of the Senate were read,
as follows:
" Maine Fort Knox, Penobscot river, ,$55,000."
"Massachusetts Fort Warren, Boston harbor,$45,000."
" Fort YVinthroji, Governor's Island, Boston,,'529,573."
Th? question was taken severally on the above
clauses, and they were agreed to.
The following clause was then read:
" For cannon, gun-carriages, and projectiles for sea-
coast defense, one hundred thousand dollars."
The Senate amendment proposes to strike out
" one" and insert " two."
The question was taken, and the amendment
was agreed to.
The following clause of the bill was then read:
" For repairs and improvements and new machinery at
Harper's Ferry, $28,950." J
The amendment proposed by the Senate was i
to strike out $28,950 and insert $43,500, and to j
add after dollars the following, viz:
" And that Ihe amount received from the late and future J
sales of Government land pertaining to Harper's Ferry ,
armory may be carried to the same appropriation, and ap-
plied to similar objects, under the direction of the Secretary
of War, including improvements to the streets and high-
ways in use for armory purposes."
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
the amendment was disagreed to by the com-
mittee.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment was not agreed to.
The following clause of the bill was then read:
" For repairs and improvements and new machinery at
Sringfield armorv, ^46,094: Provided, That, from and after
the first day of July next, [so much of the act of Congress
approved August 23,1842, as places the national armories
under the superintendence of an officer of the Ordnance
Corps, be, and the same is hereby, repealed: and from that
day the said armories shall be under that system of super-
intendence which existed prior to the passage of said act of
Congress."]
The fourteenth amendment of the Senate pro-
poses to strike out the words in brackets, and to I
insert the following in lieu thereof, viz: j
"The act of Congress approved August 93, 1842, be so i
modified that the President may, if m hisopinion the public
interest demandsit,place over any of the armories a super- 1
intendent who does not belong to the Army; and in order
to enable him to decide to his satisfaction, he is hereby
authorized to cause the necessary and proper inquiries to
be instituted through the medium of a commission of civil-
ians and military men, with a view of ascertaining which
of the two systems is the more economical, efficient, and
safe for the management of the public armories, that form-
erly existing under the superintendence of civil officers, or
that now existing under the superintendence of officers of
the Ordnance Department."
Mr. FAULKNER. I ask the yeas and nays
upon that amendment.
The SPEAKER. The committee agree to this
amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
STRANGERS WITHIN THE BAR.
Mr. STANLY. I feel constrained by a sense
of duty to raise a question of privilege, and it is
this: That a great many of the seats in this House
are occupied by persons who have no right to be
within the bar. These persons, through careless-
ness, stand up whilst the House is dividing, and
the Speaker, not being able in the crowd to dis-
tinguish one head from another, counts them, and
thus they are actually taking part in the business
before us. I have observed it several times, and
I think it ought to be put a stop to at once.
The SPEAKER. It is the duty of the officers
of the House to enforce the rules upon that sub- |
ject, and the Chair enjoins it upon tliemto be par- ,
ticular in the execution of their duties upon this
occasion.
Tiie Sergeant-at-Arms and Doorkeeper there- 1
upon proceeded tn eject from within the bar all
persons except the members and officers of the
House, and the reporters for the Globe.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
The House was then divided on the demand for
the yeas and nays on agreeing to the fourteenth
amendment of the Senate; and there were—ayes
30, noes '.(.1.
So the yens and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and there were—
yeas 89, nays 73; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abercrombio, Aiken, Allison. William
Appleton, Ashe, Babcock, Barrere, Btbighaus, Bowne,
Bragg, Breckinridge, Brings, Brooks, George H. Brown,
Burrows, E. Carrington Cabell, Caldwell,Lewis D. Camp-
bell, Chandler, Clm^man, Conger, Cottman, Cullom, Darby,
GeomeT. Davis. D.uvson, Dean, Uoekerv, Doty, Duncan,
Edgerton, Evans,Ewing, Henry IVI. Fuller, Gentry, Goode-
now, Grey, Harper, Sampson VV. Harris, Hart, Haws, Ha-
ven, Hendricks, Hibhard, Houston, Thomas M. Howe,
Jackson, James Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, George G.
King, Preston King, Kuhns, Landry, McMullin, Miller,
Henry D. Moore, John Moore, Mwehead, Vabers, Orr, Out-
law, Samuel VV. Parker, Penn, Pennim?ui, Perkins, Polk,
Porter, Ross, Sabine, Sackett, Savage, Schoolcraft, Stanlv,
Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Alexander H.
Stephens, Thaddeus Stevens, Stone, Sutherland, Taylor,
Toombs, Venable, Ward, Washburn, Watkins, Wilcox,
Wildrick, Williams, and Woodward—89.
NAYS—Messrs. Charles Allen, Averett, David J. Bailey,
Thomas H. Bayly, Bartlett, Bocock, Busby. Joseph Cable,
Thompson Campbell, Chapman, Chastain, Clark, Clemens,
Cobb, Colcock, John G. Davis, Dimmiek, Disney, Dunham,
Eastman, Faulkner, Florence, Floyd, Thomas J. D. Fuller,
Gamble, Gaylord, Giddings, Goodrich, Gorman, Green, j
Grow, Hamilton, Isham G. Harris, Henn, Holladay,
Thomas Y. How, Ingersoll, Ives, Jenkins, AndrewJohn- !
son, John Johnson, George VV. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, ,
Kurtz, Letcher, Little, Lockhart, Mace, Marshall, Mc-
Corkle, Millson, Molony, Murphy, Murray, Olds. Andrew
Parker, Phelps, Powell, Reed, Robbins, Robie, Robinson,
Scurry, Ongen S. Seymour, Skelton, Smith, St. Martin,
Stratton, Smart, Sweetser, Thurston, Townshend, and
Addison White—73.
So the amendment of the Senate was agreed to.
Pending the call of the roll on the above vote,
the following proceedings took place:
Mr. WALSH. I was not within the bar when
my name was called. If I had been, I should
have recorded my vote against the amendment of
the Senate.
Mr. ALLISON. I desire to state that my col- ,
league [Mr. John W, Howe] is detained from
his seat by indisposition.  
Mr. GOODRICH. I was accidentally absent I
from the House yesterday when this amendment
was passed upon in committee, or I intended to
have submitted some remarks upon it. I now
ask the consent of the House to publish in the
Globe what I should have said, had I been present
yesterday.
[Cries of " Agreed!"]
Fifteenth and sixteenth amendments of the Sen- |
ate: i
"In line 186, strikeout ^ljOTl^and insert in lieu there- \
of '$58,150;' and after the word 'abolish,' in line 188,
' or transferso as to make the clause read :
" For arsenals, #58,150; and thai the Secretary of War
be, and is hereby, authorized to abolish or transfer such I
of the arsenals of the United States as in his judgment may ,
be useless or unnecessary." '
The Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union recommended a non-concurrence in these
amendments.
The question was then taken, and the report of
the committee was agreed to.
So the amendments of the Senate were disa-
greed to.
Twenty-fourth amendment of the Senate:
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the provisions
of the act of Congress, passed March 3, 1819, entitled ' An
i act authorizing the sale of certain military sites,'be, and
the same are hereby, extended to all imiitary sites acquired
I since the passage of the said act."
1 The Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union reported the following as a substitute
| for the amendment of the Senate:
j "Sec. 4. And he it further enacted, That the act enti-
, tied 4 An act authorizing the sale of certain military sites,'
passed March 3,1819, is hereby repealed, and that the Sec
retary of War sdiall at the opening of each Congress re-
port to Congress what military sites should, in his judgment,
he sold, and the reasonstherefoi, and that m all cases where
, lands may have been, or may hereafter be reserved for mil-
itary, naval, or other purposes, and where the Secretary of
5 the proper Department shall certify that such lands are no
, longer required by the Government for public use, the Pres-
ident of the United States shall be, au 1 is herebv, author-
ized to eau^j the same to be j-ofd at p;ihltc sale und<*r the
laws which may be in force at the time for the disposal of
public lands, or" under such sprem] regulation* a* he may
prescribe: Provided, hoivever, That no preemption rights
shall attach to any Mich lands in virtue of any settlement
made prior to the offering of the same for public sale under
such act or regulations."
The question was then taken, and the report of
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union was agreed to.
Twenty-seventh amendment of the Senate:
" Sec. 7. And he it further enacted, That additional ra-
tions shall hereatter be allowed to the commissioned offi-
cers of engineers when in command of separate and fixed
or permanent posts: Piovidcd. That the commandant of
no post shall be entitled to receive such additional rations
unless the same be designated by the Secretary of War as
a double-ration post."
The Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union disagreed to this amendment.
The question was taken, and the amendment
of the Senate was disagreed to.
Thirtieth amendment of the Senate:
" Sec. 10. And be it further enactcd, That it shall be the
duty of the Secretary of War, under such regulations as
he may prescribe, to cause to be examined and testimony
to be taken in all claims against the United States for car-
rying on the government in California, in the years 1846
and 1847, under Commodore R. F. Stockton, Biisadier
General S. W. Kearny, and Lieutenant Colonel John C.
Fremont; also, for spoliations, and for property furnished
or taken for military purposes in California, within that
period, and which have not been favorably reported upon
by the Board of Commissioners appointed under the
sixth section of the act making appropriations for the sup-
port of the Army, approved 31st August. 1852, and to
report thereupon to Congress at its next session ; and that
for the purpose of carrying this provision into effect, the
sum of £ 10,000 be, and the same is hereby, appropriated out
, of any money in the Treasury tiot otherwise appropriated."
The Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union disagreed to this amendment.
The question was taken, and the amendment
of the Senate was disagreed to.
Thirty-first amendment of the Senate:
"Sec. 11- And be it further enacted, That for the pay-
ment of claimants against the United States, for funds ad-
vanced and subsistence and supplies of all kinds furnished
or taken for the use of the command of Captain John C.
Fremont, whilst he was engaged in the public service in
California, during the year 1846, as favorably reported upon
by the Board of Commissioners appointed under the sixth
section of the act making appropriations for the sup-
port of the Army, approved August 31, 1852, the sum of
$31,0V7 22)£ is hereby appropriated, out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated; and that the
troops enlisted or enrolled in California, under the direction
of the military and naval officers, shall have all the benefits
of ail acts of Congress in favor of troops engaged in the war
with jVIexico."
The Committee of the Whole on the state of
j the Union disagreed to this amendment.
The question was taken, and the amendment of
the Senate was disagreed to.
Thirty-second amendment of the Senate:
"Sec. 13. And be it further enacted. That the Secretary
of War cause to be paid, out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated, to Richard B. Lee, late com-
missary of the Pacific division of the Army, the sum of
$1,175, with interest from the 9th of June, J850, being for
, money lost in being transported from Honolulu to San
Francisco, under his charge, and for which he has ac-
I counted to the Department, and which sum includes the ex-
, pensesincurred in efforts to recover the same."
The Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union disagreed to this amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I call for tellers
on that amendment, and I hope the House will
order them. It ought to be passed.
A Member. It is a private claim,
i Mr. JOHNSON. I have examined it well, and
i it ought to pass.
; [Shouts of " Order !"]
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. Is it in order to
have an explanation of the amendment?
[Cries of " No !" " No !" and " Question !"]
The SPEAKER. It is not in order.
Mr. JOHNSON. It ought to pass. If it does
not, it will be an outrage.
[Cries of" Order!"]
Mr. JOHNSON. 1 demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Clingman
i1 and Dean were appointed.
II The question was then taken; and the tellers
1 reported—ayes 84, noes not counted.
i So the amendment of the Senate was concurred
in.
Thirty-third amendment of the Senate:
" Sec. 13. And be it further enacted, That for the settle-
• | ment ofthe reinaimngunpaidclaims of the States of Georgia
and Alabama for advances made in suppressing Indian hos-
'< tilities, the Secretary of the Treasury pay to the State of
