1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL OLOBE.
1035
Georgia her claim* now remaining unpaid for moneys paid
by the ^tali" in suppressing hostilities of the Cherokee,
and Seminole Inilian-, in !hr year 1835, nnd since,
upon pnx>! mat the *.auie wi-j paid by (he Stale; and that
the pnwtetnnj ot' the act of Coiigreas rrlitWe to the settle-
ment or' the claims of Georgia for military services, ap-
proved March 3, ltUI, be extruded to the pavnients to he
■uide under this act. And that the Secretary of the Treasury
pay mtbe State of Alabama, under the provision* of the acts
of'Cmptai of 16th August, IC42, and the 3t>th January,
1:M9, the balance due the oaiil State (rowing out of the
Creek Indin hostilities of and 1STT: Provided, Proof
u made that Mid State advanced in good fluth the amount
cjannnl.
The Committee of the Whole on the atate of the
Union disagreed to this amendment.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I ask for tellers
upon that amendment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Dean and
Vevablb were appointed.
Thf question was then put; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 85, noes 33.
So the amendment of the Senate was agreed to.
Thirty-fourth amendment of the Seattle:
"Sec. 14. jtad It it fvrihrr enacted, That whenever
any lieutenant of the Corps of Engineers, Corps of Topo-
graphical Engineers, or Ordnance Corps, shall have served
fourteen vears continuous service as lieutenant, he shall
be promoted tn the rank of captain: Provided. That the
whole number of officers in eith« of said corps shall not be
increased beyond the number now fixed hy law: And pro-
vided further, That no officershall be promoted before those
who rank him in his corps."
The Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union agreed to this amendment. j
Mr. STANLY. I should be glad to hare the ,
yeas and nays upon that amendment, that I may ,
record my vote against it.
The yeas and nays were not ordered, only ten
members rising-.
Mr. MILLSON. I call fortellers on the amend-
ment.
Tellers were not ordered, only fifteen members
rising.
The question was then taken; and the Senate
amendment was agreed to.
Thirty-fifth amendment of the Senate.
" Sac. 15. And lett farther enacted, That the Secretary
of War be, and he is hereby authorized, under the direction
of the President of the United States, to employ such por-
tion of the Corps ofTopographical Engineer?, and such other
persons as he may deem necessary, to make such explora-
tion* and surveys as he may deem advisable to ascertain
the mort practicable and economical route for a railroad
fnn#e Mississippi river to the Pacific ocean; and that
She sum of $15(1,0011, or so much thereof as may be neces-
sary, be, and the same is hereby, appropriated, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to de-
fray the expenses of such explorations and surveys."
The Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union agreed to this amendment.
Mr. M ILLSON. i ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DEAN. I would suggest that we should
take one vote on the fifteenth and sixteenth sec- !
tions, as they are parts of the same proposition.
Mr. BRENTON. The three next sections are
one continuous amendment.
The SPEAKER. One question can be taken
upon the two sections by unanimous consent.
Mr. DEAN. Sections fifteen and sixteen are
substantially one proposition—the Pacific railroad.
Mr. BRENTON. 8ection seventeen relates to
the same subjects.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that the
sections were reported as separate amendments. 1
It is competent, however, for the House, by unan-
imous consent, to take one vote upon them.
Mr. HOUSTON. Sections fifteen and sixteen
go together, and are one amendment. The Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
agreed to them. But the committee disagreed to
section seventeen, and a separate vote will there-
fore have to be taken upon it.
The Clerk then reported the 16th section, which
is as follows:
" Sec. 16. And be U farther enacted, That the engineers
and other persons employed in paid explorations and sur-
veys shall be organized in as many distinct corp* as there
are routes to be snrveyed, and their several reports shall be
laid before Congress on or before the first Monday id Feb- j
ruary, 1844."
The question was then taken on agreeing to the
15th and 16ih sections, (Senate amendments,) and |
there were—yeas 113, nays 61; as follows: j
YEAS—Messrs. Willis Allen, Allison, William Appleton,
Babcock,David J. Bailey, Bell, Bennett, Bibighaus,Bowne,
Breckinridge, Brenton, Briggn, Brooks, Albert G. Brown, 1
George H. Brown, Burrows, Busby, Joseph Cable, Lewis j
D. Campbell, Thompson Campbell, Cartter, Chandler, j
Clark, Cowman, Cullom, Darby, George T. Davis, John G. I
Davis, Dawson, Doty, Duncan, Dunham, Eastman, Evans,
, Fay, Ficklin, Flor.*n.-e, Freeman, Hrtiry >1. Fuller, Gam-
ble, Gentry, Giddim;*, Gilmore, Goodenow, Goodrich,
Green, Grev, Hammond, llarpur, Hart, Haws, ilenn, John
W. Howe, Thomas M. Howe, John Johnson, Robert W.
Johnson, George G King, Kuhns, Landry, Liule, Lock-
hart, Mace, Mann, Marshall, MeCorkle, McDonald, Me-
Lanahan, Meade, Miller, Molony, Henry D. Moore, John
Moore, Nabers, Newton, Olds, Andrew Parker, Samuel W.
Parker, Peun, Penniiiian, Phelps, Polk, Porter, Richard-
son, Riddle, Robbnis, Sabine, Sackett, Scheriuerhorn,
Scurry, Origen S. Seymour, Skelton, Smith, Snow, Stanly,
Benjamin Stanton, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H. Stan-
ton, Abraham P. Stephens, St. Martin, Stratton, Strother,
Taylor, Thurston, Townshcnd, Walbridge, Walsh, Ward,
Watkius, Wells, Addison White, Williams, and Yates—
119.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Averett, Thomas H. Bayly, Bar-
ren, lieale, Bocoek, Bragg, E. CarringtonCabell,Caldwell,
Chastain, Cliurcliwell. Clemens, Clinginan, Cobb, Colcock,
Daniel, Dean, Dinnnick, Pockery, Kdmundson, Fitch,
Floyd, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Gaylord, Grow, Hamilton,
Sampson W. Hams, Hibbard, Holladay, Houston, Thomas
Y. lluw, Ingersoll, Ives, Jackson, Jenkins, Andrew John-
son, James Johnson, Daniel T. Jones, George W. Jones,
J. Glaiiey Jones, Preston King, Kurtz, Letcher, McMullin,
McNair, McQueen, Millson, Morehead, Murphy, Murray,
Outlaw, Peaslee, Perkins, Robie, Ross, Savage, Alexander
H. Stephens, Thaddeus Steven*, Sutherland, Toombs,
Yenable, and Wildrick—61.
So the amendment of the Senate was agreed to.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. BOWIE stated that he had paired off with
Mr. Schoonmakkr upon this and previous amend-
ments.
Mr. HENDRICKS also stated that he was
without the bar when his name was called, but
asked permission of the House to vote.
Objection was made.
[A message was received from the Senate, by
the hands of Asbury Die kins, Esq., its Secretary,
informing the House that they had concurred in
the amendments of the House upon the act to
provide for administering the oath of office to Wil-
liam R. King, the Vice President elect of the
United States.
Also, that they had insisted upon their own
amendments to the bill to provide for preemption
rights upon the unsurveyed lands.]
[Mr. WILDRICK, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as correctly enrolled a bill of
the following title:
An act to provide for administering the oath of
office to William R. King, the Vice President elect
of the United States.]
The next amendment was as follows, viz:
" Sec. 17. And be it farther enacted, That in making such
explorations and surveys, the engineers and other persons
employed under the authority of this act may be directed
to act in concert with any engineers employed by any indi
vidual or individuals, association or associations, for the
same general object; nnd the Secretary of War is hereby
authorized and required to receive proposals from individ-
uals or associations for the construction of a railroad be-
tween the valley of the Mississippi and the Pacific ocean,
and lay the Mmt before Congress at the next session."
The question was taken, and the amendment
was non-concurred in by the House.
The next amendment was the following, viz:
"Sec. 18. And be it further enacted, That, in the adjust-
ment of the accounts of the State of Virginia, under the
twelfth section of the act approved 31st of August, 1S52,
the Secretary of War be, and he is hereby, directed to fol-
low the provisions of the actof2d of June, 1848, providing
for refunding to the several States the amounts expended by
them in raising regiments of volunteers for the Mexican
war."
The question was taken, and the amendment
was concurred in by the House.
The next amendment was the following, viz:
" Sec. 19. And be it further enacted, That the President
of the United States is hereby authorized to enter into con-
tracts with such person or persons as shall make the most
favorable proposals, and give the most satisfactory assurance
and security for defending and protecting the emigrant
routes, and improving and keeping in good condition the .
roads through the Territories of the United States from the
western border of the States in the Mississippi valley to the
eastern border of California, and to the Pacific ocean in the
Territory of Oregon, on the following terms:
" 1st The contractors are to establish posts or station-
houses along the route at such points and distances as the
President shall designate, and shall keep at least twenty
well-armed men at each of said posts to protect all emi-
grants, travelers, and settlers on and along said routes.
"2d. The said contractors shall make and keep in repair a
good wagon-road along each of said routes, with bridges or
ferries across ail the streams, and shall charge no higher
rates for crossing said streams than shall be prescribed by the !
President."
The question was taken, and the amendment
was non-concurred in by the House.
The next amendment was the following: !
" Sec.21. And butt further enacted, That for the purpose .
of enabling the Commissioners of the Military Asylum to I
purchase a suitable site with the view of establishing thereat
a Western Military Asylum, the sum of $10,000, in addition
to the sum in the hands of the commissioners, is hereby ap-
propriated, out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated."
The SPEAKER. The committee agree to this
amendment.
The question being upon concurring in the
amendment—upon a division, 49 rqse in the af-
firmative.
Mr. EWING. I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Eastman and
Ficklin were appointed.
Mr. EWING. There have been misrepresent-
ations in this House 
[Cries of "Order!" "Order!" all over the
Hall.]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can make no
remarks, the main question having been ordered.
The question was then taken, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 73, noes 71.
Mr. POLK. I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and having
been taken, the result was—yeas 95, noes 84; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ashe, ThomasH. Bayly, Bennett, Bibig-
haus, Bocock, Bowie, Bowne, Brenton, Briggs, Brooks,
Burrows. E. Carrington Cabell, Chandler, Chapman, Cleve-
land, Clingman, Cobb, Conger, Cottman, Cullom, Darby,
Dockery, Duncan, Edmundson, Evans, Ewing, Faulkner,
Fay, Florenco, Freeman, Henry M. Fuller, Goodenow,
Goodrich, Gorman, Grey, Harper, Isham G. Harris, Samp-
son W. Harris, Hart, Haws, Holladay, Horsford, Thomas
M. Howe, Jackson, James Johnson, Robert W. Johnson,
Kuhns, Landry, Letcher, Little, Lockhart, Mace, Mar-
shall, Martin, Mason, MeCorkle, Meade, Miller, Henry D.
Moore, John Moore, Morehead, Nabers, Olds, Outlaw,
Andrew Parker, Samuel W. Parker, Penn, Penniman,
Polk, Porter, Preston, Sackett, Savage, Schermerhom,
Schoolcraft, Schoonmaker, Smith, Snow, Stanly, Freder-
ick P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Stone, St. Martin,
Strotfaer, Sweetser, Toombs, Walbridge, Walsh, Ward,
Washburn, Wells, Addison White, Wilcox, Williams, and
Yates—85.
NAYS—Messrs. Charles Allen, Allison, John Appleton,
William Appleton, Averett, Barrere. Beale, Bell, Bragg,
George H. Brown, Busby, Joseph Cable,-Lewis D. Camp-
bell, Thompson Campbell, Cartter, Chastain, Clark, Dan-
iel, John G. Davis, Dawson, Dean, Dimmick, Disney, Doty,
Dunham, Eastman, Ficklin, Fitch, Floyd, Gamble, Gay-
lord, Giddings, Green, Grow, Hamilton, Hammond, Haven,
Hebard, Hendricks, Hibbard, Houston, Howard, John W.
Howe,Thomas Y. How, Hunter, Ingersoll, Ives, Jenkins,
Andrew Johnson, Daniel T. Jones, George W. Jones,
J. Glancy Jones, George G. King, Preston King, Mann,
McMullin, McNair, Millson, Molony, Murphy, Murray,
Newton, Orr, Peaslee, Perkins, Phelps, Reed, Robie, Rob-
inson, Ross, Sabine,Origen S. Seymour, Skelton, Abraham
P. Stephens, Alexander H. Stephens, Thaddeus Stevens,
Stratton, Stuart, Sutherland, Taylor, Thurston, Towns-
hend, Wildrick, arid Woodward—84.
So the amendment was concurred in by the
House.
Pending the call of the roll—
Mr. WHITE, of Kentucky said: Mr. Speaker,
I understand that misrepresentations have been
made in regard to this matter.
[Cries of " Order! " " Order! "]
Mr. MOREHEAD. 1 desire to inquire of the
Speaker whether a separate vote was called for
i upon the twenty-second and twenty-third sections
of the bill appropriating $100,000 to the discoverer
of ether ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands there
was not.
1 Mr. MOREHEAD. Have those amendments
been disposed of ?
The SPEAKER. The recommendation of the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
(which was to non-concur) was agreed to.
Mr. MOREHEAD. Will it be in order to move
to reconsider the vote by which those sections were
non-concurred in ?
The SPEAKER. That motion will be in order,
in the opinion of thi^Chair.
Mr. MOREHEAD. I submit that motion,
Mr. HALL. I move to lay the motion to re-
consider upon the table.
The question was taken upon Mr. Hall'a mo-
tion, and it was agreed to.
RIGHT OF WAY.
Mr. HALL. Mr. Speaker, there is a Senate
bill upon the Speaker's table (No. 612) granting
the right of way through certain lands in the Dis-
trict of Columbia. It is a bill to which there will
be no objection, and 1 ask the unanimous consent
of the House to take it up and pass it.
Mr. STUART. I object, and insist that all
these amendments to the appropriation bills be
disposed of before we go to any other business.
Mr. HALL. I move to suspend the rules.
