1038
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
The SPEAKER. The rule provides that the !
member repoiting a bill shall be entitled to address '
the House for an hour before the close of the .
debate.
Mr. CLINGMAN. The rule has express ref-
erence to debate in the Committee of the Whole,
and where a bill is to be put on its passage under
the operation of the previous question. i
The SPEAKER. It has been held, as the Chair i
understands, to apply to the House as well as the ii
committee. The rule is as follows: I
" 34. No member shall occupy more than one hour in lie- [
bate on auv question in the House,or in committee; but a
member reporting the measure under coiiMderation from a
committer, may open and close the debate."
Mr. HALL. If gentlemen will only listen for
a few minutes to what I have to say, they will be l
satisfied the bill ought to pass. It does not, as its 1
title purports, donate any land to the citizens of
California. It merely grants preemption rights,
and on precisely the same conditions as they have
been granted to settlers on the public lands in other
States, except where a person has settled on un-
surveyed lands under this bill he may be entitled
to preemption, provided the settlement has been
made within twelve months after the passage of
this act. That is the only respect in which it dif-
fers from the existing preemption laws. A great
many emigrants have gone there and made their
settlements, and we thought that it was hard they
should be deprived of them. The act of 1841 pro-
vides that no person shall be entitled to a preemp-
tion in one State while holding one in another. '
By this bill California is exempted from the oper- ;
ation of that law. There are some donations i
made to the State of California, but they are pre-
cisely the same as those made to the other States of
the Union; but in the clauses making the donations
it is provided that the mineral lands and the lands
reserved for other public uses shall be excepted.
Mineral lands are reserved in all cases.
The question was then taken upon referring the
bill to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, and it was decided in the negative.
The question recurred on the amendments of the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. HALL. The amendments reported by the
Committee on Public Lands are not very import-
ant. They only throw a little additional restric-
tion about it. 1 think the bill is well guarded, but
as the amendments may endanger the passage of
the bill, I move their rejection.
Mr. ORR. Asa member of the Committee on
Public Lands who offered this bill, I am unwilling
that the House shall take that course. I think
that the amendments are important.
Mr. HALL. Inasmuch as the gentleman from
South Carolina [Mr. Orr] insists, I shall not ob-
ject to the amendments being adopted.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ments, and they were agreed to.
The bill was read the third time.
Mr. HALL. I move the previous question
upon the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Thequestion then being, "Shall the bill pass?"
it was taken, and decided in the affirmative.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. HALL. I move to amend the title by
striking out the words "donation privileges," and
inserting " granting preemption rights."
The question was taken upon the amendment,
and it was agreed to.
Mr. DUNCAN. I wish to offer the following
resolution to suspend, with the consent of the
Senate, all joint rules of the two Houses in rela-
tion to bills passed here and going; to the Senate
within the last three days of the session:
Resolved, (with the concurrence of Die Senate,) That
jthe sixteenth joint rule of the two Houses be suspended
for the present session so far a* relates to House bill'No.
3t>2, making appropriations for litiht houses, light-boats,
follows, &.c., and providing for the erection and establish-
ment of the same, and tor other purposes.
The question was taken, and it was decided in
the affirmative.
So the resolution was agreed to.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC BILL. i
Mr. HOUSTON. The Senate have returned |
the civil and diplomatic bill, with eighty pages of i
manuscript amendments. It is utterly impossible
;to get through the bill at this session of Congress
)in any of the ordinary modes of legation. If
we attempt to investigate all these amendments in
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, or in this House, with five minutes de-
bate, or any other sort of debate, indeed 1 might
say without debate at all, the bill will inevitably
fail to become a law of the land. 1 do not wish
to disagree to all the amendments now, and take
the responsibility as one member of the Commit-
tee of Conference of reporting to the House upon
this vast amount of matter. 1 do not desire to do
it. I wish to appeal to the House either to take
up these amendments in the House without de-
bate, or take them up in Committee of the Whole
without debate, read them through, let the House
adopt such as seem to be right without further in-
vestigation; and then, after that, we can either go
back, take up the others and either adopt or dis-
agree to them. 1 would prefer to take them up in
the House and read them through. I move to re-
fer the bill and amendments to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative.
Mr. HOUSTON. With a view of seeing what
is the temper of the House with all this responsi-
bility before us, I will ask whether the House
will not agree to suspend the debate upon these
amendments.
[Cries of " Agreed " Agreed!" "Agreed!"]
Mr. McMULLlN. Is that question debatable ?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I object to it,
if I have to sit here all night. I have seen such
things before.
The question was taken upon Mr. Houston's
motion, and it was decided in the affirmative.
Mr. VENABLE demanded theyeasand nays.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I raise the
question of order, whether such a motion as that
of the gentleman from Alabama, can be made, if
objected to?
The SPEAKER. It is in order at this time to
suspend any or all of the rules of the House; and
: two thirds voting in the affirmative, the rules will
be suspended.
Mr. JOHNSON. I will then aak another
question.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not desire to do any-
thing which is against the feelings of any member
of the House. 1 do not want to take the respon-
sibility of doing anything in conflict with the sense
of the House, and with them I leave the responsi-
bility. 1 withdraw my motion.
Mr. H1BBARD. I renew the motion.
Mr. VENABLE. I ask the yeas and nays on
the question.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move to suspend the rules,
: and that the House resolve itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
I Mr. STANLY. If the gentleman from Alaba-
ma [Mr. Houston] moves to suspend the rules
for the purpose of going into the Committee of the
| Whole on the state of the Union, does not that
take precedence over the motion of the gentleman
from New Hampshire? [Mr. Hibbard.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not understand
the gentleman as making that motion.
Mr. STANLY. The gentleman from Ala-
bama withdrew his first motion, but made another.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
the question before the House is the motion of the
gentleman from New Hampshire, [Mr. Hibbard.]
Mr. STUART. 1 ask the gentleman from Al-
abama if he did not submit that motion? He with-
drew his first proposition and submitted that.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Illinois. He withdrew
it, and yielded the floor to the gentleman from New
Hampshire to renew the motion.
Mr. HOUSTON. I asked the Chair to put the
question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair recognized the
motion of the gentleman from New Hampshire,
[Mr. Hibbard,] not understanding that the gentle-
man from Alabama had made the motion to go into
committee. Upon the question of suspending the
rules, the gentleman from North Carolina [Mr.
Venable] demands the yeas and nays.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Thequestion of
orderwhic'nl raiseisthis: Wehavealwaysregard-
ed, on a motion to suspend debate, that we could
go into five-minutes speeches afterwards. Hith-
erto when we have gone into five-minutes debate
upon each section, it has been required that we
should come out of committee, go into the House,
and then move to suspend the rules which allow
five-minutes debate upon that particular section.
But such a thing as suspending five-minutes de-
bate upon the whole bill is not in order.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 call the gentleman to order.
I ask that my motion be put.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has no mo-
tion before the House.
Mr. HOUSTON. I submitted a motion to go
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not so under-
stand it, but received the motion of the gentleman
from New Hampshire, [Mr. Hibbard.] The
gentleman from Arkansas makes the question of
order that it is not in order to move to suspend
the five-minutes debate, under the rule allowing
general debate to be closed. The five-minutes
debate is allowed when you do not suspend the
rules; but in this case the gentleman from New
Hampshire [Mr. Hibbard] moves to suspend the
rules, to enable him to make a motion that the
amendments to the civil and diplomatic bill shall
be considered without debate.
Mr. JOHNSON. Then the decision of the
Chair cuts oft' debate upon this bill.
The SPEAKER. That depends upon the vote
of the House.
Mr. HIBBARD. At the request of many mem-
bers, I withdraw my motion for the present.
Mr. HOUSTON. I now make the motion that
the rules be suspended, and that the House re-
solve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
The question was taken, and it was decided in
the affirmative.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Stuart in the chair.)
Mr. HOUSTON. I move to take up the Sen-
ate amendments to House bill No. 337, " making
appropriations for the civil and diplomatic expen-
ses of Government for the year ending the 30th of
June, 1854."
The question was taken, and it was decided in
the affirmative.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move that the committee
rise, for the purpose of going into the House and
suspending general debate. No one will object to
that, I presume.
The question was taken, and it was decided in
the affirmative.
The committee accordingly rose, and the Speak-
er having resumed the chair, the chairman (Mr.
Stuart) reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union had had under
consideration the state of the Union generally,
and particularly the amendments of the Senate
to bill of the House (No. 337) " making appro-
priations for the civil and diplomatic expenses of
Government for the year ending the 30th of June,
1854," and had come to no resolution thereon.
CLOSE OF DEBATE.
Mr. HOUSTON. I offer the usual resolution
to close the general debate in Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, on the amend-
ments of the Senate to the civil and diplomatic
bill, in five minutes after the committee shall again
resume the consideration of the same.
Mr. GORMAN. I ask the House to allow me
to have the Patent Office Report referred to the
Committee on Printing.
The SPEAKER. It is notin order at this time.
Mr. GORMAN. Well, if you do not refer it
to the Committee, you will never have it printed.
The question was then taken on Mr. Houston's
resolution, and it was agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted, and to
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The question was taken upon the latter motion,
and it was agreed to.
PATENT OFFICE REPORT.
Mr. HOUSTON. I now move to refer the
Patent Office Report to the Committee on Printing.
I presume there will be no objection.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
the Patent Office Report is not here.
Mr. GORMAN. It is in the hands of the Com-
mittee on Patents.
The question was then taken on Mr. Houston's
motion, and it was agreed to.
