1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1089
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE. I
A message was received from the Senate, by the 11
hands of Asjbi-rt Dickixs, Esq., its Secretary, in-
forming the House that the Senate had passed
bills, and a joint resolutions of the following titles:
H. R. .No. 367. An act to authorize the issuing
of a register to the brig Boundary, and to change
the names of the steamers Roger Williams and
propeller Ontario;
H. R. No. 31. Joint resolution providing for
the printing and binding of the returns of the Sev-
enth Census; and ■
H. R. No. 348. An act to establish the territo-
rial government of Washington;
The two former with amendments, in- which he
was directed to ask the concurrence of the House,
and the latter without amendment.
Also, that the Senate insisted upon their amend-
ments disagreed to by the House, and disagreed
to the amendments of the House to their amend-
ments to the bill of the House, No. 336, "making
appropriations for the support of the Army for the
year ending June 30, 1854;" and asked for a
committee of conference with the House upon said
disagreeing votes; and that the Senate had ap-
pointed Messrs. Bright, Shields, and Downs,
managers at the said conference on their part.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 now move that the rules
be suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of j
the Union. /;
The motion was agTeed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Stuart in the chair,) and resumed the con- j
sideration of the amendments of the Senate to the
civil and diplomatic bill.
Mr. SMITH. I do not intend to consume any
of the time of the committee, but I have prepared
• speech which I do not want the country to lose,
ana I ask permission to have it printed in the
Globe.  
Mr. ORR. What subject is it on ?
Mr. SMITH. It is upon the subject of the de-
lay of the business of the House.
Mr. ORR. I object.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state that,
in his opinion, it is not in the power of the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union to
give any such leave. That is a question for the
House.
Mr. SMITH. Then, sir, I will speak for five
minutes, and lay down the main arguments which
I intend to use. I wish to consider the subject
that was introduced a few days ago by the gentle-
man from North Carolina, [Mr. Venable.] I ex-
pect to lay down three propositions, and to prove
them from the record. I expect to show that the
great delay of business in the House is chargeable
to -the members themselves. I expect to show
from the record and Journal, that the House has
adjourned over enough days during the present
Congress to constitute an entire short session of
Congress. They adjourned over some ferty-nine
days at the last session, and fourteen or fifteen
days at the present session. I expect to show
further, that there is a regular average absence of
sixty-five members from this House, and that
when members are present, they are not in the
habit of attending to business. [Laughter.] These
are the three causes to which I attribute the delay
of the business of this House, and the remedy I
should propose would be the adoption of a rule,
that whenever any member of this House votes to
adjourn over, except on some extraordinary occa-
sion, or is absent from his post here, he shall not
receive his per diem. I expect to show in this
connection, that there are sixty-five members of
this House constantly receiving eight dollars a day
without working for it.
This is the general tenor of the speech which
I ask leave to print; and I shall, without leave,
write it out, and make a good public document of
it. [Laughter.]
Mr POLK. If the gentleman intends to pub-
lish it without leave, I do not see what necessity
there was for asking leave. I object to the pubh-
tton of a speech of that character, when there will
be no opportunity of replying to it.
The Clerk then proceeded to read over the
amendments of the Senate to the civil and diplo-
matic bill.
First amendment of the Senate:
" In tine 18, atlcr the word 1 tile,' insert' contingent,' so
as to make it read,' tor the contingent expenses of the Sen-
ate."
Mr. HOUSTON. The Committee on Ways
and Means recommend a disagreement to that
amendment.
The question was taken, and the amendmentof
the Senate was disagreed to.
Second amendment of the Senate:
" Page 2, in line 19, after the word ' carry-alls,' strike out
' thirty-five,' and insert in lieu thereof fifty five,'so as to
make the clausc read:
" For clerks to committees and President pro tempore,
draughtsman, messengers, pages, laborers, police, horses,
and carry-alls, $55,000."
Mr. HOUSTON. Thirty-five thousand dollars
was the estimate of the Secretary of the Senate for
those items. The Committee on Ways and Means
are in favor of adhering to that estimate, and dis-
agreeing to the Senate amendment.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment of the Senate was disagreed to.
Third amendment of the Senate:
After line 20, insert the following:
" To supply a deficiency in the appropriations heretofore
made for the contingent expenses of the Senate, for litho-
graphing and engraving for the year ending June 30,1853,
$24,000."
Mr. HOUSTON. The Committee on Ways
and Means recommend a concurrence in that
amendment.
The question was taken, and the amendment
of the Senate was concurred in.
Fourth amendment of the Senate:
"On page2, line 21,strike out'ten,'and insert in lieu
thereof ' twenty,' in the items appropriating for the Sen- !
ate. So as to make it read: For miscellaneous items, i
$520,000." :
Mr. HAVEN. What bill is the Clerk reading j
from?
Mr. HOUSTON. The original bill from the
Senate.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state that
the amendments of the Senate have not been
printed.
j Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to make a brief state-
l ment to the committee that will explain the dis-
1 crepancies between the paging, as read by the
Clerk, and the paging of the bills in the hands of
members. By the rules of the Senate, they first
take up the amendments of the Finance Committee
1 to the whole bill, and go through with them. The
! primed bill in the hands of members contains all
; the amendments of the Finance Committee. But
1 after those amendments have been disposed of, it
is in order for any Senator to go back and offer
I amendments to any part of the bill. Hence, many
of the amendments adopted by the Senate are not
in the printed bill. It contains only the amend-
ments of the Finance Committee.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Cannot the
Clerk read from our bill ?
The CHAIRMAN. It cannot be done.
Mr. FITCH. Well, sir, it is utterly impos-
understand the amendments. I
select committees of investigation appointed by the Senate,
$18,000."
The question was taken, and the amendmentof
the Senate was agreeed to.
Sixth amendment of the Senate:
"Page 3, line 23, after the word ' dollars' in the following
clause—
"For binding documents, twenty-five thousand dollars;"
" Insert as follows:
" Provided, That of all the documents the printing of ad-
ditional copies of which may be ordered by either House of
Congress, and the size of which shall not be less than two
hundred and fifty pages, such additional copies shall be
bound in such manner as may be directed by the respective
Committees on Printing of each House, the cost of which
shall not exceed twelve and a half cents per volume ; and
it shall be the duty of the Superintendent ot the Public Print-
ing to supervise the binding of the public documents, to re-
ceive said binding when executed, and see that the same is
done in a neat and workmanlike manner, according to such
samples as may be presented in his office, and in proper
time; and before the hinder shall receive pay for the same,
he shall produce the certificate of the said Superintendent
that his work has been executed as above required, and has
been accepted by hiin. And it shall also be the duty of the
said Superintendent to rcceive and preserve in his office
samples of paper upon which maps, charts, diagrams, plats,
or other engravings may be contracted to be furnished, and
to receive from the contractor said maps, charts, diagrams,
plats, or other engravings, and compare the paper upon
which they may be printed with the sample so preserved ;
and he shall not receive any map, chart, diagram, plat, or
other engraving which may not be printed on paper equal to
the sample so preserved, or which may not be executed in a
proper manner, and within llie time specified in the contract,
(unless for special reasons the Superintendent may extend
the time,) and which may not be in the quantity called for
thereby; and said contractors shall not receive pay for the
same except upon the certificate of the Superintendent that
the foregoing requisites have been complied with."
1 Mr. PHELPS. The section to which this is
an amendment, is the following:
"For binding documents, $25,000."
Then follows the proviso. I think it is a very
good amendment, and I hope this House will adopt
it.
Mr. FITCH. I hope I may be allowed to
return my thanks to the gentleman for that expla-
nation. I now for the first time understand what
this amendment is about.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I move to
strike out all but the first clause of the amendment.
Mr. Chairman, it seems to me this House can-
not understand upon what we are voting at all.
I protest against this mode of legislation. We
have no printed amendments; we cannot hear half
that is read from the Clerk's desk. If we are to
adopt pages of amendments in this way, 1 say it
is an outrage upon the country. We ought at
least to know what we are voting upon. We ought
to have these amendments printed, or some refer-
ence to the bill, so that we may know what we are
amending. But some of this matter the Clerk has
just now been reading is to be found in the print-
ed bill, and I know of no other way than to vote
down all the Senate amendments.
Several Members. That is right; vote them
down.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to say to
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens}
hope the Clerk will at least indicate the page of [ an.d 'he House, that 1 hope there will be no cont-
our bill where the amendments are to be inserted, mittee of conference upon this bill. I hope the
The question was then taken on the fourth
amendment of the Senate, and it was concurred in. ■
Mr. MOREHEAD. I would suggest, that j
when the Clerk reads the amendments from the j
Senate bill, he should refer us to the places where [
they come in in the printed bill of the House j
which is before us. j
Mr. HOUSTON. The Clerk is reading the :
manuscript amendments. i
Mr. MOREHEAD. So I understand. I
Mr. HOUSTON. The lines and pages of the j
Senate amendments do not correspond with the j
printed matter. The Clerk has not the printed
matter before him. ;
Mr. FITCH. It would be very easy for him :
to have it.
Mr. HOUSTON. It is not necessary. ;■
Mr. FITCH. Oh, yes, it is necessary. It is
impossible for us to act intelligibly unless we
know where the amendments come in.
Mr. PHELPS. The printed bill contains-very
few of the Senate amendments—only those re-
ported by the Finance Committee.
Fifth amendment of the Senate:
" Page 2, after line 21, insert the following:
" To supply a deficiency in the appropriation for the fis-
cal year ending 30th June, 1853, and defray the expenses of
upon
House will dispose of it, or let the bill be lost.
Mr. STEVENS. Would the gentleman have
us dispose of the bill without knowing what we
are voting upon?
Mr. JONES. No; certainly not.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Ste-
vens's amendment, and it was not agreed to.
The question was then taken upon the Senate
amendment, and it was concurred in by the com-
mittee.
Seventh amendment of the Senate:
" Pag* 4, after line 15, insert:
" For the completion of the pi
the Exploring Expedition, $25,"
Mr. CARTTER. What exploring expedition
is that?
Mr. PHELPS. Wilkes's.
Mr. TOOMBS. Do ] understand the Commit-
tee on Ways and Means have passed Hpen this
amendment >
Mr. HOUSTON. The Committee on Ways
and Means, informally, obtained the-bill from the
Senate, and have passed upon several of the amend-
ments. They have examined the amendment
which has just been read, and have agreed to rec-
omnaend a noiv-aoncurrence. In relation to the-
amendment immediately following in the bill, and
ibiieation of the works of
10."
