THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
"THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
32d Congress, 2d Session.
WEDNESDAY, MARCH 2, 1853.
New Series No. 6G.
Twelfth amendment of the Senate:
" Strike out in lines 14,1.">, and 16, the following:
" For compensation oi' the clerks of tlie Light- House
Board, $.">,900;
"And insert the following:
" For compensation ol" the clerks mid messenger of the
Light House Hoard, )J6,400."
Mr. HOUSTON. The Committee on Ways
and Means recommend a concurrence in tfiis
amendment.
The question was taken, and the Senate amend-
ment was agreed to.
Thirteenth and fourteenth amendment of the
Senate:
" Strike out the words In italics, and insert the words in
brackets, m the following clause, relating to the contingent
expenses of the Treasury Department:
" For labor, blank books, stationery, sealing ships' regis-
ters, translating foreign languages, transmission ofMedi-
terrcmcan passports and sea-letters^ carrying the Depart-
ment mail, advertising, and extra clerk hire for preparing
and collecting information to be laid before Congress—said
clerks to be employed only during the session of Congress,
or when indispensably necessary to enable the Department
to answer some call made by either House of Congress at
one session to be answered at a nether; and no such extra
clerk shall receive more than $3 33per day for the time
actually and necessarily employed—eight thousand [nvej
•*««hundred and fifty dollars." ^
Mr. HOUSTON. There is no such service to
be performed as the transmission of Mediterra-
nean passport# and sea-letters. The committee
recommend a non-concurrence in these amend-
10 The question was severally taken on the amend-
ments, and they were disagreed to.
Fifteenth amendment of the Senate:
" In page 14, line 8. strike out the word • one,' and insert
die word ' two,' so as to make the clause read:
" For labor and other miscellaneous items, and tor ad-
ditional cases for filing the accounts of the First and Film
Auditors, and the Commissioner of the General Land Of-
fice, 82,000,"
Mr. HOUSTON- That amendment is neces-
sary, although the Committee on Ways and
Means hare not acted upon that particular amend-
ment.
The question was taken, and the amendment
•was agreed to.
Sixteenth amendment of the Senate:
" On page 17, after line 21, in reference to the collection
of revenue from the sale of the public lands, insert:
" And provided further, That in lieu of issuing patents
to the several States for lands granted in aid of internal im-
provement*, and  n all cases where the issuing of patents
is not. required by Jaw, the certificates  '*   -
saed h  the Commix sinner of the General LanftQfflce, with
the approv *f ^Secretary of the Interimyiit pursuance
of the sever .) dct  making etch grants, shall in aH respects
have the same effect as though patents were issued for such
lands.
Mr. HOUSTON. The Committee on Ways
and Means recommend a non-concurrence.
* The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment was non-concurred in.
Seventeenth amendment of the Senate:
«< On page 18, strike out the worts included In brackets in
the following clause:
« Contingent expenses of east wing Patent Office Build-
jOf—[provided that neither tbe office of the Secretary of the
Interior nor any bureau thereof other than the Patent Office
shall be located in the Patent Office Building until directed
by law]—viz: For labor, fuel, tights* and incidental ex-
penses, £2,200."
Mr. HOUSTON. The Committee on Ways
and Means recommend a concurrence in that
amendment. ,
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I hope Uie
committee will not concur, but adhere to the de-
cision of the House, which refused to agree to that
amendment a few days ago.
Mr. MEADE. I move to amend the Senate
•amendment by substituting the following in its
place:
And that the President of the United States be author-
ized to select three disfereet persons to appraise the building
on tbe corner of F and Seventeenth streets, owned by Wil-
liam H. Winder, now occupied as public offices in this
city, and that he be authorized to purchase the same at the
appraised value, upon a valid title being made to the United
States for the same, if, in his opinion, the public service
would be promoted by so doing; and provided the same
does not cost more than $300,000, which sum is hereby ap-
propriated for that purpose.
6«
Mr. LETCHER. I rise to a question of or-
der. This is entirely a different building from the
one mentioned in the Senate amendment.
Mr. MEADE. It relates to the contingent ex-
penses of the Department of the Interior, and is
m order under the 81st rule. i
Mr. LETCHER. My point of order is, that
the Senate amendment relates to one building and !
the amendment of my colleague relates to another
and an entirely different one.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order, and rules the amendment out of
order.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I appeal from ;
thedecision of the Chair,and will state the ground
of the appeal. Under the 81st rule of this House,
it is proper to submit and add any amendment
which may be necessary to carry on the contin-
gencies of the Government.
Mr. HALL. The amendment is not germane
to the Senate amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules the amend-
ment out of order, inasmuch as it does not refer
to the same subject as that embraced in the Senate
amendment.
The question being, " Shall the decision of the
Chair stand as the judgment of the committee?"
it was put, and decided in the affirmative.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. FITCH. Do I understand that the Com-
mittee on Ways and Means recommend a concur-
rence in the Senate amendment ?
Mr. HOUSTON. The committee does recom-
) mend a concurrence. I will state that I concur
with the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Cahtter]
fully, and if I anticipated the danger which he does,
j I would vote with him to retain the clause. But
there is no such danger to be apprehended.
Mr. CARTTER. I hope the Committee of the
Whole will disagree to the Senate amendment,,
and retain the clause in the bill. j
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I ask for
tellers on the Senate amendment. I think the ac- j
tion of the House is right, and I am for adhering |
to it. .
Mr. HOUSTON. As the House is thin, I
would rather that the committee should non-concur |
in the Senate amendment, than that the committee J
should be broken up for want of a quorum.
Mr. STEVENS. Then I withdraw the demand :
for tellers. , 0
The question was then taken on the Senate
amendment, apd it was non-concurred in; and the
clause remaiirt bi the biH.
Eighteenth amendment of theSenate:
- On page 23, line U, strife otit Ute word • seven' and in-
sert tbe word'twelve,' bo as to make the clause read:
I' For blank books, binding, stationery, and labor, $1,250.
Mr. HOUSTON. The Committee on Ways
and Means recommend a concurrence.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was agreed to.
Nineteenth amendment of the Senate:
" On page 28, line 3, in relation to the North west Execu-
tive Building, insert the words 'six hundredso as to
make the clause read:
" For miscellaneous items, .f 1,60W."
The question was taken, and the amendment
was concurred in.
Twentieth amendment of the Senate:
"On page 28, line 20, strike nut the words in brackets, and
insert the words in italics, in tbe following clause, relating
to the Philadelphia Mint :
"For salaries of the director, treasurer, chief coiner,
melter, and refiner, engraver, awayer, assistant assayer,
and [three]  ix clerks, [twenty-one thousand dollars] twen-
ty-two thousand two hundred dollan."
Mr. HOUSTON. The Committee on Ways and
Means recommend a concurrence.
Tbe question was taken, and the amendment
was agreed to.
Twenty-first amendment of the Senate:
" On page 28, line 22, strikeout the words' twenty-foiir,'
and insert ' seventy-two,' in relation to the Philadelphia
Mint; so as tomake the clause read:
" For wages of workmen, $72j\XK).
Mr. HOUSTON. The Committee on.Ways and
Means recommend a concurrence.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was agreed to.
Twenty-second amendment of the Senate:
" Strike out the words ' one thousand five hundred dol-
lars,' in the following clause, relating to the United States
Mint at Philadelphia: ' For incidental and contingent ex-
penses, including fuel, materials, stationery, water rent,
repairs, and wastage, in addition toother available funds,
one thousand five hundred dollars;' and insert in lieu
thereof the following:
" Forty-one thousand five hundred dollars; and it shall
be the duty of the Superintendent of the Mint to cause to be
paid annually into the Treasury of the United States the
profits of the Mint, and to present a quarterly account of
the expenditures of the Mint to the Secretary of the Treas-
ury."
Mr. HOUSTON. The Committee on Ways and
Means recommend a concurrence in the amend-
ment. It is an important provision, and is neces-
sary. It brings the profits of the Mint into the
Treasury the same as other moneys.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was agreed to.
Twenty-third amendment of the Senate:
"Strikeout the following clause: ' For additions to the
territorial libraries of Oregon, Minnesota, New Mexico,
and Utah, $500 each; said sums to be expended under the
direction of the Governors of said Territories;' and insert
in lieu thereof the following, viz:
" To enable the President to cause a site to be purchased,
and a suitable building to be erected, for a penitentiary, in
each of the Territories of Utah and New Mexico,$20,000:
Provided, That the entire cost of the site and the comple-
tion of said buildings shall not exceed the sum hereby ajf
propriated."
Mr. HOUSTON. The Committee on Ways
and Means recommend a concurrence in that por-
tion of the amendments striking out the appro-
priation for the territorial libraries, and disagree
to the paragraph proposed to be inserted.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. That is
right. If you take away the libraries you will
need the penitentiaries. [Laughter.]
Mr. SIBLEY. The appropriaton of $500 to
each of the territorial libraries was inserted by
the unanimous consent of the House, and I should
like to know why it is the Committee of Ways
and Means recommend that it be stricken out? I
trust that it will be retained.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. The Com-
mittee of Ways and Means propose to concur in
the Senate amendment to strike out, and to disa-
gree to their proposition to insert, which in not
in order. You must take their amendment as a
whole, or reject it.
Mr. HOUSTON. There is nothing more cer-
tain than that the rules of the House and the
parliamentary laws, will justify the division of a
proposition which may reasonably be divided.
The Senate amendment is very easily divisible.
Mr. SIBLEY. 1 call the gentleman to order.
Mr. WE1GHTMAN. Let the precise question
be stated. .
The CHAIRMAN. The question is on con-
curring in the amendment of the Senate.
Mr. HAVEN. Can we divide the proposition
so as to take a vote on what the Senate pro-
pose to strike out, and then a vote on what they
propose to insert? _ „
The CHAIRMAN. That is the question raised
by the gentleman from Tennessee.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. If we refuse
to concur in the recommendation of the Committee
on Waysand Means, do we notleave the provis-
ion in regard to the territorial libraries in the bill?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of the opinion
that under the circumstances the recommendation
of the Committee on Ways and Means is not in
order. The committee may recommend an amend-
ment, but this is not in the nature of an amend-
ment at all. The question, therefore, is ob con-
curring in the amendment of the Senate.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment of the Senate was disagreed to.
Twenty-fourth and twenty-fifth amendments of
the Senate:
"From the following paragraph, strike out the words in
