1042
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. What is the |i
necessity of the change? We have called him the i
chief justice, and when has he ceased to be such?
Mr. HOUSTOX. The gentleman is not in or-
der in debating this proposition, without offering
an amendment to it. 1 desire to get alon  with the
bill.
Mr. STEVEN'S. I have only aslted the reason
for the committee's recommendation. i
Thequestion was taken and the amendment was I
concurred in.
Twenty-sixth amendment of the Senate: 1
" Iiwrt the following after line 21, in page "23, viz:
"That the Secretary of the Interior be, am) he is hereby,
directed to rxarotne the claim presented by the county of
Lee, in the State of Iowa* tor the expenses of the United
States district court, which were paid by said couiitv prior
to the admission of said State into the Union ; and if, upon
sue!) examination, he is satisfied that prior to *aid time the
said county ha< paid money \\ h eh, in accordance with the
in-iruction* "f the First Comptroller of the Treasury, dated
December 19, l£43, should have been paid by the marshal
of the United States for said Territory, he i< directed to
audit and allow the same: Provided, That the amount thus
allowed shall not exceed ttie sum of .$14,400, which is
hereby appropriated tor that purpose out of any money in
the Treasury."
Mr. HOUSTON. This debt is due to that
county in Iowa, and the recommendation of the
Committee on Ways and Means is, that the
amendment of the Senate be concurred in.
The question was taken, and the amendment
■was concurred in.
Twenty-seventh amendment of the Senate:
From the foil aving paragraph strike out * §33,000,} and
insert c:$40,u00:'
" For clerks in the offices of the surveyors general, in-
cluding the offices in Oregon and California, to be appor-
tioned to them according to the exigencies of the public
service, and to be employed in tranfcnbin* field-notes of
surveys lor the purpo-e of preserving them at the seat of
Government, $33,OuO."
Mr. HOUSTON. Thirty-three thousand dol-
lars is the usual appropriation, and California
being included, it ought to be increased.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was concurred in.
Twenty-eighth amendment of the Senate:
" Strike out ihe words in brackets, and in lieu thereof in-
sert those in italics, in the following clause, viz :
" For oil and other supplies, cleaning materials of all
kind^, transportation of supplies, keeping lamps and ma-
chinery in good repair, and the towers and buildings in a
proper state of preservation, superintendence, and inspec-
tion of thirteen lights, replacing cleaning, painting, and
preserving all the buoys in the waters of California and
Oregon, and all incidental expenses connected with the
aids to navigation on these coasts, [twenty-five thousand
and cightv live dollars;] twenty-nine thousand and thirty-
Jive dollars."
Mr. HOUSTON. California being included,
m kes that additional appropriation necessary,
and the committee, therefore, recommend a con-
currence.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was concurred in.
Twenty-ninth amendment of the Senate:
"Strike out the words in brackets, and insert those in
italics:
" For salaries of thirteen keepers and eleven assistant-*,
at an average not exceeding ("six hundred dollars per annum,
fourteen thousand four hundred dollars,] ei°kt hundred dol-
lar* per annum j nineteen thousand two hundred dollars."
Mr. HOUSTON. The committee proposed
#600 a year as salary for keepers, and the Senate
by their amendment have made it $800. The
committee recommend a non-concurrence.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was non-concurred in.
Thirtieth amendment of the Senate:
" I nsert the following arter line 16, on page 39:
" For repairing or rebuilding the hght-liouse at Bear Isl-
and, winch has been destroyed, $4,1)00.
" For completing the light-house at Half-Moon Shoal,
Red Fish Bar, and at Clopper Bar, on the coast of Texas,
$3,000  '
Mr. HOUSTON. That amendment was not
before the committee.
The question was taken, and the amendment
Was non-concurred in:
Thirty-first amendment of the Senate:
"Insert in page 4\, after line 14, the following:
" For the compensation of an additional appraiser gen-
eral, to be appointed by the President, by and with the ad-
vice and consent of the Senate, and to be employed on the
Pacific coast, $6,000."
Mr. PHELPS. The Committee on ^Vays and
Means recommend a non-concurrence in the
amendment.
The question was taken and the amendment
was non-concurred in.
Thirty-second amendment of the Senate:
"In page 40, after line 2, insert (he following :
" For publishing the observations made in the progress
of the Mii\e\ ot the eoa^t of the United States, per act ot
March ima, .fvro.ooo."
Mr. HOUSTON. The Committee on Ways
and Means recommend a non-concurrence in the
amendment.
The question was taken and the amendment
was non-concurred in.
Thirty-fourth amendment of the Senate:
After the following paragraph, vi?:
" For continuing the survey of the northern and north-
western lakes, including Lake Superior, $5l>,000."
Insert the following:
"Provided, That a surveyof so much of the communica-
tion between Lake Huron and the Sault Ste. Marie as may
be necessary to ascertain what part thereof requires to l>e
deepened, shall be made without delay, and plans and esti-
mates of the nature and expense of the work shall be laid
betore Congress at its next se^ion.
'• For printing and distributing charts of lake surveys,
§1,500."
Mr. HAVEN. The latter portion of the Sen-
ate amendment is in accordance with the recom-
mendations of the Department, and ought to be
adopted.
The question was taken and the amendment
was concurred in.
Thirty-fourth amendment of the Senate:
" In page 42, after Hne 13, insert: i
" For purchase of a site and the. erection of a custom- !
house at Galveston, Texas, $50,000: Provided, That the ,
plan of the building shall be such that the whole cost, both i
of buildins and site, shall in no event exceed the appropri-
ation hereby made."
The question was taken, and the amendment
was non-concurred in.
Thirty-fifth amendment of the Senate:
" Trisert after the following paragraph, viz:
" For continuing the construction of the custom-house
at New Orleans, Louisiana, $324,0U0;"
The following:
<kSubjeetto the limitations and restrictions imposed on the
appropriation made for the same object at the second session
ot the last Congress, as respects Hie plan after which the
building is to be erected : Provided, The superintendence
of the building be confined to an officer detailed from the
Corps of Engineers, and the works conducted under the
supervision of said officer, and the direction of the archi-
tect who originated the plan : Jhid provided. Said superin-
tendent, with tbe said architect and such commissioner as
may be appointed by the President to act as disbursing
agent from a bureau having the management of and control
overall contracts to be entered into for the execution of said
plan and the completion of the building: Jlnd provided fur- I
ther, Said superintendent, architect, and commissioner,
shall not be allowed a compensation higher than eight dol- ,
lars per day each for their services." j
Mr. STANLY. That is all wrong, and I hope
it will be voted down.
The question was taken upon the amendment, ;
and it was not agreed to.
! Thirty-sixth amendment of the Senate: I
I " In page 49, line 13. Insert the following :
"For completing the customhouse at Bath, Maine,
§12,000."
Mr. WASHBURN. I would ask if the Com-
mittee on Ways and Means have not concurred
in that and the next amendment?
Mr. HOUSTON. They did not. The com-
mittee disagreed to those amendments.
Mr. BROOKS. I thought that we concurred
in regard to them.
Mr. HIBBARD. The committee voted to dis-
agree. |
I Mr. WASHBURN. I understood one mem-
I ber of the Committee on Ways and Means to say
that they had agreed to concur in these amend-
ments.
Mr. HIBBARD. I do not know but I am
wrong. I voted to disagree, and I hope the com-
mittee will.
Mr. WASHBURN. I have a letter from the
Treasury Department saying that it is absolutely
necessary.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was not agreed to.
Thirty-seventh amendment of the Senate:
" Insert the following:
" For the purchase of a Bite, and the erection of a cus-
tom house at Belfast, Maine, $20,000: Provided, That the
plan of the building shall be such that the whole cost, both !
of the building and site, shall in no event exceed the appro-
priation hereby made." |
Mr. HOUSTON. The committee recommend
a disagreement in the amendments providing for
the erection of new custom-houses; but they rec-
ommend a concurrence in several of the amend- |
ments which provide for those already commenced. •
The question was taken, and the amendment
was not agreed to.
Thirty-eighth amendment of the Senate:
" Insert the following:
" To complete the foundation of the custom-house in
Bangor, ami to connect the same with the shore, 415,000."
Mr. HOUSTOlV. The committee recommend
a concurrence in that amendment.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was affreetl to.
Thirty-ninth amendment of the Senate:
" Insert the following:
" For the purchase of land additional to the present cus-
tom house lot at Providence, Rhode fsland, %16,000; and
for the erection of a new cuMom house at said port, which
shaff be so constructed and arranged as to furnish a suitable
room for the United States circuit and district courts, with
the necessary offices for di-trict jmtge, ck-rk, marshal, he.,
$34,000: Provided, That the entire co«t of sllcll additional
site and building shall in no event exceed the sum hereby
appropriated."
Mr. PHELPS. That amendment was not be-
fore the committee.
Mr. STANLY. 1 hope we will agree to that
amendment. Rhode Island has no public build-
ings at all. This appropriation is for a building
for the use of the custom-house and the circuit and
district courts of the United States.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was agreed to.
Fortieth amendment of the Senate:
" Insert the following:
" For the erection, under the direction of the Secretary
of the Treasury, at the port of New Haven, Connecticut, a
fire-proof custom-house, with suitable rooms therein for
the accommodation of the United States courts, and also
with rooms in which shall be kept the post office of said
citv; the expense of the said building and s-ite therefor not to
exceed the sum hereby appropriated, $75,000: Provided,
That the Legislature of the State of Connecticut shall ex-
empt the site and building Iroin taxation."
Mr. INGERSOLL. There has been a petition
for two years for this custom-house at New Ha-
ven. It is recommended by the Secretary of the
Treasury, and the Committee on Commerce had
prepared a bill for that purpose. We have collected
and paid into the Treasury of the United States,
last year $124,700. The business is constantly
increasing. We have at present a custom-house
which would not sell, under the hammer, for
$5,000. It is entirely insufficient for the purposes
of the business at that point. I hope that the
committee will agree to the amendment.
Mr. HALL. I move an amendment to reduce
the amount $1,000. 1 spent some time in New
Haven, from 1836 to 1839, and I used to see that
custom-house. I thought it was one of the best
buildings they had in the city, and I think it ia
abundantly sufficient for the purpose. It is a good
stone building; and I do not think that time would
injure it much. I would rather have the next Ad-
ministration pass upon it.
Mr. INGERSOLL. At the time the gentleman
refers to we paid into the Treasury of the United
States only $23,000 a year; we now pay $124,000.
The building will not sell for $5,000.
Mr. SWEETSER. I desire to ask a single ques-
tion. Is there a provision in the amendment that
they shall not tax the property belonging to the
United States ?
Mr. HALL. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. GAYLORD. I move that the part in re-
gard to taxation be stricken out.
The question was taken on Mr. Gaylord's
amendment, and it was not agreed to.
The question was taken upon concurring in the
Senate amendment, and it was decided in the neg-
ative.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Forty-first amendment of the Senate:
"Insert as follows:
" For the construction of a custom house at Wilming-
ton, Delaware, in addition to tbe sum appropriated by the
act of 31st August, lt<52, $3,500."
Mr. HOUSTON. The Committee on Ways
and Means recommend a concurrence in that
amendment.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was agreed to.
Forty-second amendment of the Senate:
" Insert as follows:
"For the construction of the custom-house, to include
other public offices, at Richmond, Virginia, $75,000 : Pro-
vided, That this sum, in addition to the ,4:150,000 hereiofore
prescribed as the whole amount directed to be expended
for this purpose, shall constitute the entire cost of the pur-
chase of the site and the completion of the building."
Mr. PHELPS. The committee recommend a
