1853.
THIS CONGRESSIONAL GLOBJS.
104$
concurrence in this amendment with the following
amendment: It is to strike out " $150,000," ana
insert "$100,000." Only $100,000 have been
appropriated to this custom-house.
The question was taken upon the amendment
to the amendment, and it was agreed to.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment of the Senate as amended was disagreed to.
Forty-third amendment of the Senate:
" fnsert the Allowing:
" For the construction of a custom house at Norfolk, Vir-
ginia, $30,000; winch, in addition to the sum heretofore
prescribed as the whole amount to be expended for that
purpose, shall constitute the entire cost of the purchase of
the site and completion of the building."
Mr. HOUSTON. The committee recommend
a concurrence in that amendment, for the reason
that it is the smallest appropriation for any cus-
tom-house which is a port of entry.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was agreed to.
Forty-fourth amendment of the Senate:
" Insert the following:
" To equalize the salary of the collector of Chicago, and
to make it equal to that of Detroit, $1,350; and the sjdary
of thp collector of Chicago be, and the same hereby is, es-
tablished at that sum annually."
Mr. HOUSTON. The committee instructed
me to offer an amendment this morning, but from
the press of business, I hare not been able to
draw it up. The amendment is to strike out the
first part of this amendment, which reads, "to
equalize the salary of the collector of Chicago,
and to make it equal to that of Detroit, 41,250."
The committee propose to strike out, and to give
the salary of f 1,250 to the collector after the first
of July next. *
Mr. MOLONY. I move to increase the amount
one dollar. I will detain the House a moment
only. I wish to state that the commerce of Chi-
cago is greater now than that of Detroit. The
proposition of the chairman of the Committee on
Ways and Means is, to reduce the salary of the
collector at Chicago below that which the collector
receives at Detroit. The collector at Detroit re-
ceives a compensation of $1,600. The one at Buf-
falo receives a little larger sum than that—$2,000.
I hope the committee will agree to the amendment
of the Senate, and make the pay of the collector
at Chicago at least equal to that at Detroit, which
is $1,600, as shown by a letter of the Secretary of
the Treasury written to myself.
Mr. PHELPS. The amendment as proposed
by the Senate, is as follows: «' To equalize the
salary of the collector at Chicago, and make it
equal to that of Detroit"—at what sum? The
sum of $1,250. The Committee on Ways and
Means proposed to place it at that sum, believing
that was sufficient. The salary of the collector at
the port at Chicago is but $850, and therefore the
committee on .Ways and Means recommend the
following amendment, to come in tit the end of
the Senate amendment:
The salary of the collector at Chicago shall be, from and
after July L, 1853,$1,250.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Illinois. Was it the in-
tention of the committee to make the salary at
Chicago eq ual to that at Detroit ?
Mr. P-HELPS. The committee had nothing
to do with the salary of the collector at Detroit.
In conversation with a gentleman who formerly
represented the Chicago district on this floor, the
committee were informed that it was the wish to
have the salary of the collector there fixed at
$1,250, and we thought it best to express that in
plain language.
Mr. LETCHER. I am opposed to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. PHELPS. I have already opposed it.
Mr. LETCHER. No, sir;thegentlemanspoke
in favor of the amendment of the committee, and
never got within a league of the amendment of
the gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. MOLONY. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. LETCHER. Then I move to reduce the
salary from $1,250 to $800.
It seems to me most extraordinary that upon
every appropriation bill of the sessioii there hap
been a studied and fixed effort, either here or in
the Senate, to increase the salaries <rf public offi-
cers. Notwithstanding this remarkable fact, during
the whole of this Whig Administration, for the
isst four years, there have been plenty of gentlemen
found to fill the offices, and there is a multitude of
applicants here for their places after the 4th of
March next. Now, I ask that the Democratic
party in this House shall look at this matter. I
had supposed from our preaching that we were in
favor of economy and retrenchment. But, sir, it
seems from the votes in this House, that there is
a large portion of the Democratic party, as there is
a large portion of the Whig party, who are in favor
of large salaries, and nothing else. It occurs to
me that we shall have to organize anew. We shall
have to take a slice of the Whig party and a slice
of the Democratic party, and form an economical
party, if we are to nave one at all.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I am opposed to
the amendment of my colleague, because it allows
a salary to a collector at Chicago, and I beg to be
informed how it is that a fixed salary is given to any
collector anywhere? As 1 understand the law, they
ace paid by fees, and there is a provision in one of
our laws that when those fees exceed $6,000, the
balance shall go into the public Treasury. The
salary of a collector is made up of fees; but $6,000
is fixed as the maximum salary. Now, f want
to know why it is, when that is the law, that in
this case, a salary is to be given to the collector?
1 want information upon that point. It occurs to
me that this is an old acquaintance of mine, but it
is so long since I have seen it that I had almost
forgotten it. I should like to hear something more
about it.
Mr. LETCHER. I withdraw my amend-
ment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair begs leave to
state thftt he has, without reflection, admitted
amendments that were not in order. The amend-
ment offered by the Committee on Ways and
Means is still pending, and no further amendment
is, therefore, now in order.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I believe
no one has spoken to the amendment of the Com-
mittee on Ways and Means, and I desire to say
a few words in opposition to it. I think the sal-
ary proposed ($1,250) is too small, when $1,600 is
what the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Molont]
desires to fix it at.
Mr. MOLONY. That is what the collector at
Detroit gets.
Mr. STEVENS. Now if the Whig Adminis-
tration were to continue in power, I should think
the salary large enough, as it has been large enough
while Whigs have been in office. But it is the
policy of the Administration that is about to come
in, to increase all the salaries. I believe that the
salaries of the heads of Departments have been
increased $2,000 each by the Senate, and that the
ministers abroad are to be allowed $6,000 for
houses, and so forth. Now, sir, that is right.
Democrats cannot live upon such small salaries as
Whigs can. They have not the same powers of
economy. I am in favor of carrying out the wishes
of the people. The people rnrist have known,
when they voted in this Administration, that they
would be extravagant; that they would not be as
economical as the Whigs had been. The people
have spoken. Let their will be obeyed. _ Let the
Democratic party put up all their salaries to the
highest point, artd let the country know it, and
then, perhaps, hereafter, the country will pass
another verdict. I am, therefore, opposed to the
amendment of the committee.
Mr. HALL. Will the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania permit me to occupy the balance of his
five minutes ?
Mr. STEVENS. Oh, no! I believe I have
spoken out my time. [A laugh.]
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment proposed by the Committee on Ways and
Means, and it was agreed to.
The question recurred on agreeing to the Senate
amendment as amended.
Mr. PHELPS. I move to increase the amount
of salary to $1,300, and I do it for the purpose of
saying th t the salaries of the collectors along the
lakes have, in some instances, been fixed by spe-
cial acts. I now hold in my hand the act estab-
lishing the Chicago collection district, in which
the salary of the collector is fixed. Theae collect-
orp are engaged more in the prevention of smug-
gling than in the receipt of revenue. They are
detective officers to protect the revenues of the
Government, and prevent the inhabitants of the
neighboring Provinces from smuggling in goods
without paying the duties upon them. They are
really in ihe preventive service. I think the salary
proposed by the Committee on Ways and Means
is right.
Mr. BAYLY. I am opposed to the amend-
ment of my friend from Missouri. He speaks of
the collectors being there upon the preventive ser-
vice. Sir, the collectors have very little to do with
that preventive service. It is the inspectors, tide-
waiters, and officers of that character—whose sala-
ries are fixed by law—who are most concerned in
it. The duties of the collector are more in the
office, more within doors.
I know that there has been for a long time a
disposition in Congress to give fixed salaries to
collectors, but in my opinion, they ought not to
have them. They are paid by fees, and there is
a minimum salary of $200, and a maximum salary
of $6,000. Take, for instance, the case of Peters-
burg; the offices of tide-waiter and inspector there,
so far as emolument is concerned, are of more im-
portance than the office of collector by three hun-
dred per cent. Those officers who are engaged in
the preventive service—as my friend from Mis-
souri designates it—have fixed, stated salaries,
but the collectors are paid by fees, so that their
compensation is in the precise ratio of the duties
that they perform. If they perform no duties,
they get no pay. If they perform duties, they get
pay in proportion to their services until their com-
pensation runs up to $6,000. When it does that,
the law says th^t the balance shall go into the
public Treasury. In my opinion, it is wrong to
give them fixed salaries.
Mr. PHELPS. I now withdraw my amend-
ment.
The amendment of the Senate as amended was
then agreed to.
Forty-fifth amendment of the Senate:
" Page 42, after line 23, insert:
" For'completing and furnishing the marine hospital at
Napoleon, Arkansas, $4,000, and that the further time of
one year be allowed for the expenditure of the money here-
tofore appropriated to the marine hospital at Vicksburg,
Mississippi."
The question was taken, and the amendment of
the Senate was agreed to.
Forty-sixth amendment of the Senate:
" Insert:
" For the completion of the marine hospital at Evang-
ville, Indiana, $-20,000, and for marine hospital at Natchez
$4,000."
The question was taken, and the amendment
of the Senate was disagreed to.
Forty-seventh amendment of the Senate :
" Page 42, after line 23, insert:
" For continuing the construction of the marine hospital
at St. Louis, Missouri, $20,000."
Mr. MOORE, of Louisiana. What do the
Committee on Ways and Means recommend with
respect to that amendment?
Mr. PHELPS. The amendment was not be-
fore us.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment of the Senate was disagreed to.
Forty-eighth amendment of the Senate:
" Page 43, line 4, after the word 'dollars,' insert as fol-
lows :
" Provided, That there shall be allowed and paid to <he
ministers to Great Britain, France, Russia, and Spain, tile
sum of $6,000 each, for house and office rent, salary to a
private secretary, and other expenses incident to their re-
spective missions; and to the minister resident in Turkey
$4,000 for like expenses. The foregoing to be in addition
to outfit and salary."
Mr. PHELPS. The Committee on Ways
and Means recommend a disagreement to that
amendment.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment of the Senate was disagreed t<ff
Forty-ninth amendment of the Senate:
" Page 43, after the word ' d'affaires,' insert' or minister*
resident,' so as to make the clause read:
" For salaries and outfits of charges d'affaires or minis-
ters-resident to Portugal, Austria, Denmark, Sweden, Hol-
land, Belgium, Naples, Sardinia, the Papal States, New
Granada, Venezuela. Buenos Ayres, Bolivia, Gaateuialft,
Ecuador, Switzerland, and Nicaragua, $153,000."
Mr. PHELPS. The Committee on Ways and
Means recommend a disagreement to that amend-
ment also.
The question was then taken and As amend-
ment of the Senate was disagreed to.
Fiftieth amendment of the Senate:
" Page43, line 27, after the word 'capacity,' insert:
" For compensation of Edward Kent, for one charter's
salary as charge d'affaires at the legation at BW Janeiro,
during the absence of the minister, and un4tt the instruc-
tions of the Department of State, $1,125."
