1044
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
Mr. PHELPS. The Committee on "Ways and
Means did not have this amendment before them,
and therefore make no recommendation with refer-
ence to it.
Mr. "WASHBURN. I move to amend that
amendment by increasing the appropriation one
dollar.
I offer this amendment for the purpose of say-
ing a word in relation to the Senate amendment.
This is for precisely the same kind of service as
was performed by Theodore S. Fay, and precisely
the same kind of service as we have before paid
for. It is recommended by the Department, and
I hope the committee will have no difficulty in
concurring in the Senate amendment.
The question now being upon the adoption of |
the amendment to the amendment—
Mr. WASHBURN, by unanimous consent,
withdrew it.
The question was then taken, and the Senate
amendment was non-concurred in by the commit-
tee.
Fifty-first amendment of the Senate:
" In page 43, after line 27, insert:
'■ To reimburse David Tod, late minister of the United
State* at Brazil, a  um of money advanced by hiin to Wil-
liam E. Anderson, who was sent by the minister from ltio
de Janeiro to the United States in the spring of 1851 as a
witness against two persons engaged in th«j slave trade,
$75."
Mr. PHELPS. The Committee on "Ways and
Means recommend a concurrence in that amend-
ment.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was concurred in.
Fifty-second amendment of the Senate:
" In page 43, after line 27, insert:
"For payment of Buckingham Smith, late secretary of
legation in Mexico, the difference between ins salary as
secretary of legation and that of charge d'affaires from the
26th July, 1831, to the 8th Oetoberfniioviiiig,during which
period he discharged the duties of cliarc^ d 'affaires in -Mex-
ico, in the absence of the minister of the United States,
who had returned home on leave, §1,753 95 ; the same, if
received, to be in full for all charges during the period
aforesaid."
Mr. HOUSTON. The Committee on Ways
and Means recommend a non-concurrence in that
amendment.
The question was put, and the Chair decided
the amendment to be non-concurred in.
Mr. CABELL, of Florida. I desire to amend
that amendment.
[Cries of "Too late!"]
Mr. CABELL It is not too late. I addressed
the Chair before the result of the vote was an-
nounced.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the
amendment comes rather late, but he will enter-
tain it.
Mr. CABELL. I move to increase that appro-
priation ten dollars.
Mr. Chairman, at the last session of Con-
gress, after the return of Mr. Smith from Mexico,
these papers were presented to me too Jate to be
referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. At
the present session of Congress these papers were
presented to the Committee on Foreign Affairs in
the Senate, who reported this claim, which was
passed by the Senate. There can be no doubt of
its justice. The Committee on Ways and Means
refuse to recommend a concurrence, because they
had no time to consider it.
Mr. HOUSTON. This case was not before the
Committee on Ways and Means until after the
bill came from the Senate, and like a great many
others, it was impossible for us to examine it
fully. •
iSr. CABELL. I will state that when this
case came before the Committee on Foreign Af-
fairs, a difficulty occurred in relation to the pre-
cedents upon which its allowance would be based.
I took considerable pains to investigate the mat-
ter, and I find that the case is one precisely simi-
lar to those which have heretofore been allowed.
The papers were all before the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, with a letterfrom theSecretary of
State in relation to the case; and it was closely
and fully established before that committee, that
there are numerous precedents of cases precisely
similar in all their circumstances to this of Mr.
Buckingham Smith. The application was made
during the last session of Congress, and has
again been renewed at the present session. It
seems to me, then, that when the case is so clearly
established, and when we have so many well-
established precedents, that this House should j
allow this remuneration. I
I will state further that this letter from the Sec-
retary of State says, that the files of the Depart-
ment abundantly show that Mr. Buckingham
Smith, while he acted as charge d'affaires, held offi-
cial intercourse and carried on a voluminous cor-
respondence with that Republic in relation to mat-
ters of great importance. 1 think, therefore,
under the circumstances, this appropriation pro-
vided for in this amendment of the Senate should
be granted, and 1 hope the House will concur in
the amendment.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I am opposed to the
amendment of the gentleman from Florida, for the
' reason that it grants precisely ten dollars too
much, and for no other reason. I undertake to say
that this case stands upon precisely the same foot-
ing of 1 do not know how many more cases within
my recollection. I could mention a great many.
The case of Mr. Rush, who preceded Mr. Smith
at Mexico, the case of Benjamin Green at the
same court, and the case of Theodore S. Fay,
which we allowed the other day, are all precisely
similar to this. There are cases more numerous
than I could mention which stand upon precisely
the same footing, and I hope the committee will
concur in the Senate amendment, and let us go
on.
Mr. STANLY. I know something about this
case, and I think it ought to be allowed.
The question now being upon the adoption of
the amendment to the Senate amendment—
I Mr. CABELL, by unanimous consent, with-
' drew his amendment.
The question was then taken, and the Senate
i amendment was concurred in by the committee.
[A message was received from the Senate, by
Asbitrt Dickins, Esq., its Secretary, informing
the House that they had passed with amendments
a bill of the following title, viz: i,
" A bill making appropriations for the service of the Post
Office Department during the fiscal year ending June HO,
1834."J
Mr. STANLY. We have now concurred in
this amendment in favor of Mr. Buckingham j
Smith, and I hope, by unanimous consent, we
may go back to the amendment in favor of Edward
Kent for reimbursement as charge d'affaires at
Rio de Janerio, which is a precisely similar case.
If one is allowed the other should be.
There was no objection, and the following
amendment was taken up for consideration:
, Fiftieth amendment of the Senate: ]
I " On page 43, after the word ' capacity,' in line 20, insert:
I " For compensation of Edward Kent, for one quarter's 1
1, salary as charge d'affaires at the legation at Riode Janeiro, i
II during the absence of the minister, and under the instruc- 1
I lions of the Department of Htate, $1,125." |
The question was taken, and the amendment
was concurred in.
i Fifty-third amendment of the Senate:
{ " Insert the following:
; " Sec. 6. Jlnd be it further enacted, That an officer shall !
be appointed in the Department of State, to be called the |
, Assistant Secretary of State, whose salary shall be $3,000 ;
, per annum, payable in the samemanner as thatof the Sec- !
retary of State, who shall perform all such duties in the 1
office of Secretary of State, belonging to that Department,
as shall be prescribed by the Secretary of State, or as may
be required by law."
Mr. HOUSTON. The Committee on Ways
and Means recommend a non-concurrence in this |
| amendment. }
The question was taken, and the amendment ,
was non-concurred in by the committee.
Fifty-fourth and fifty-fifth amendments of the
Senate: I
" On page 44, after line 14, strike out the words in brack- i
ets, and insert the words in italics : ]
i " For salary and outfit of a commissioner to reside in |
China, including the additional compensation under the ,|
act to carry into effect certain provisions in the treaties be-
tween the United States and China and the Ottoman Porte,
■ [nine] eighteen thousand dollars."
| Mr. PHELPS. This amendment was not be-
fore the Committee on Ways and Means. I hope,
! however, the committee will not concur in the
: amendment. I will state that it is to provide an
' outfit for the commissioner to China.
The question was put, and the chairman decided
1 the amendment to be concurred in.
Mr. SKELTON. I demand a division.
Mr. HOUSTON. There is scarcely a quorum
present, and I would rather give it up than to have
a division. I hope gentlemen will allow us to go
on with these amendments.
Mr. DEAN. I demand tellers upon concurring
in that amendment.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. Is it in order to
debate the amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. Not unless the gentleman
moves to amend it.
Mr. BAYLY. I move to increase the appro-
priation $10,000.
The House will recollect that when this bill was
originally before this House, it was my intention
to have offered this amendment; but in the confu-
sion which prevailed, I neglected to offer it when
the appropriate clause was under consideration. I
then asked to recur to that clause of the bill, but
objection was made, and my friend from Alabama,
the chairman of the Committee on Ways and
Means, suggested that the amendment would be
put in in the Senate, and that 1 had better let it
pass. These are the facts as they exist in rela-
tion to this matter. If the amendment had been
offered with others of a similar nature, when the
bill was originally before the House, it would have
passed without opposition.
Mr. HOUSTON. Thestatement of the gentle-
man from Virginia is correct. I hope the amend-
ment will be concurred in.
Mr. BAYLY. With the consent of the com-
mittee, I will withdraw my amendment.
There was no objection, and the amendment
was accordingly withdrawn.
Mr. DEAN. With this statement of facts, I
will withdraw my call for tellers.
The question was then taken, and the Senate
amendment was concurred in.
Fifty-sixth amendment of the Senate:
" On page 44, after line 22, in«ert the following:
" For defraying the expenses attending the expected visit
of a war-steamer from the Sultan of Turkey, wiih'contribu-
tions to the Industrial Exhibition, to be held at New York in
May next, $20,000 ; the said sum to be expended under the
direction of the President of the United States."
Mr. HOUSTON. The Committee on Ways
and Means recommend a non-concurrence.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was disagreed to.
Fifty-seventh amendment of the Senate:
" On page 45, line 23, after the clause in reference to
land offices, insert the following:
" Jini provided further, That the President be, and is
hereby, authorized to change the location of the several land
offices and to establish the same, from tune to time, at such
other place in the district as he may deem expedient."
Mr. HOUSTON. If the members of the com-
mittee will look at this amendment, they will see
that it is really a good one. It proposes to put it
in the power of the President to change the land
offices, instead of creating new ones, in cases
where the lands immediately around the existing
land offices have been sold.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was agreed to.
Fifty-eighth amendment of the Senate:
" In page 50, after the clause in relation to the Surveyor
General's office in California, insert the following:
"Provided, That it shall be lawful for the President of
the United States, if he deem it expedient, to divide the
State of California into three separate and distinct land dis-
tricts, in such manner as circumstances shall determine to
be necessary; and he shall appoint, by and with the advice
and consent of tiie Senate, or during the recess of Congress,
when necessary, a register of the land office and receiver
of public moneys for each of such land districts ; and the
land offices for the same respectively shall be located at,
and be removed from time to time to, such places as the
President shall deem most suitable for public convenience;
and the lands within the said districts, with the exception
of mineral lands and such other lands as shall be exempt
from sale by competent authority, shall be subject to entry
at the proper office in the same manneras other portions of
the public domain, and the registers and receivers shall
each receive a salary of $3,000 and the usual fees allowed
in other cases, but the entire compensation shall in no in-
stance exceed the sum of $4,000."
Mr. HALL. The bill just passed to-day pro-
vides for the very same thing, and this amend-
ment is unnecessary.
The question was taken on concurring with the
Senate amendment, and it was not agreed to.
Fifty-ninth amendment of the Senate:
" Page 50, strikeout the word ' exclusive,' and insert the
words in italics in the following clause:
" For compensation of tile public gardener, $1,200 ; and
the ["exclusive] management of the grounds attached to the
Capitol, and surrounding the Executive Mansion, shall be
under his control, subject on1y to the supervision and con-
trol of the Secretary of the Interior."
Mr. PHELPS. The Committeeon Ways and
Means recommend a concurrence in that amend-
ment.
