1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1047
one shall receive an annual salary of,$900each; class num-
ber two, an additional salary of .§1,200; class number three
an annual salary of $1,500 each ; and class number four an
annual salary of $1,^00.
'' In the office of the Secretary of the Treasury, four of
cla>s one, six of class two, six of class three, and five of
cla?s four.
In the otrice of the Solicitor, one of class one, two of
class two, th ee of class three, and one of class four.
" In the office of the First Comptroller, two of class one,
five of class two, and seven of das* three.
In the office of the Second Comptroller, three of class
one, four ofclass two, an<i seven of class three.
In the office of the First Auditor, three of class one,
six of class two, and nine ofclass three. :
u In the office of the Second Auditor, two of class one, |
six ofclass two,and eleven ofclass three. I
4< In the office of the Third Auditor, three of class one,
forty-one of class two, and eight ofclass three.
" In the office of the Fourth Auditor, one of class one,
fo«r of class two, and nine of class three.
** In the office of the Fifth Auditor, two of class one, three
ofclass two, and two ofclass three.
In the office of the Auditor of the Treasury for the Post
Oflicc Department, twenty of class one, fifty of class two,
Cwentv-six ol class three, and five of class four.
" In the office of the Register, five of class one, eighteen
of class two, and four of class three.
tc in the office of the Commissioner of Customs, three of
class one, four of class two, and three of class three.
In the office of the Treasurer, two of class one, five of
class two, and five of class three ; and in the office of the
Light-House Board, one ofclass one, one of class two, and
two of class three. 1
44 In the office of the Secretary of War, oneof clags one,
two of class two, two of class three, and one of class four.
" In the office of the General-in-Chief, one ofclass two.
" In the office of the Adjutant General, two of class one,
five of class two, one of class three, and one of class four,
"In the office of the Quartermaster General, three of
class one, five of class two, two of class three, and one of
class four.
" In the office of the Paymaster General, two of class i
one, three of class two, two of class three, and one of
class four.
" In the office of the Commissary General, two of class
one, two of class two, one of class three, and one of class ;
four.
" in the office of the Surgeon General, one of class one,
one of class two, and one of class four.
u In the office of the Colonel of Engineers, one of class
one, two of class two, one of class three, and one of class
four.
<k In the office of the Colonel of Topographical Engineers,
one of class one, two of class two, one of class three, and
one of class four.
tl In the office of the Colonel of Ordnance, two of class
one, four of class two, one of class three, and one of class
four.
"In the offi ce of the Secretary of th e N avy, four of class
two, six of class three, and one of class four.
"In the Bureau of Construction, Equipment, and Re-
pairs, one of cJass one, seven, including the draughtsman,
of class two, and one of class four.
"In the Bureau of Yards and Docks, one of class one,
four, including the draughtsman, of class two, and one of
class four.
"In the Bureau of Provisions and Clothing, four of class
two, and oneof class four.
"In the Bureau of Ordnance and Hydrography, four,
including the draughtsman, of class two, and one of class
four.
"In the Bureau of Medicine and Surgery, two of class
two, and one, the assistant, of class four.
" In the office of the Secretary of the Interior, four of
class two, three of class three, and three of class four. [
" In the office of the Commissioner of Pensions, ten of 1
class one, thirty of class two, five of class three, and four
of class four. j
" I« the office of the Commissioner of the General Land
Office, forty ofclass one, forty of class two, twenty-three of
class three, and three of clasps four.
" In the office of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, six
ofclass two, six of class three, and three of class four.
** In the office of the Commissioner of Patents, eight of
class two, twelve, including the six assistant examiners, of
class three, and one of cla^sfour.
" In the office of the Postmaster General, ten of class one,
thirty three of class two, twenty-nioe of class three, and
six, including the topographer, of class four.
"And there shall be a chief clerk for each of the offices
of the Solicitor, First Comptroller, Second Comptroller,
First Auditor, Second Auditor, Third Auditor, Fourth Aud-
itor, Fifth Auditor, Auditor of the Treasury for the Post
Office Department, Register, Commissioner of Customs,
Treasurer, Light House Board, Commissioner of Pennons,
Commissioner of the General Land Office, Commissioner
of Indian Affairs, and Commissioner of Patents, who shall
be allowed an annual compensation of $2,000 each. And
there shall be a chief clerk for each of the Departments of
the Treasury, War, Navy, Interior, and General Post
Office, who shall be allowed an annual compensation of
$2,200 each.
" No clerk shall be appointed in either of the four classes
until after he h^s been examined and found qualified by a
board to consist of three examiners, one of them to be the
chief of the bureau or office into which he is to be appoint-
ed, and the two others to be selected by the head of the
Department to which the said clerk will be assigned. Nor
shall any clerk in the Departments herein named receive
any other salary or money for extra services than the sum
or sums specified in this section, at any time after this sec-
tion has been executed by a classification of the clerks as it
prescribes. There shall be a disbursing clerk for each of
the Departments of War, Navy, and the Post Office ; not
more than three for the Tieastiry Department, at the dis-
cretion of the Secretary thereof; and not more than three for
the Department of the Interior, at the discietionof the Sec-
retary thereof; the said clerks to be appointed out of class
four by the heads of the respective Departments, and to re-
ceive such sum, in addition to theirregular salaries, as may
amountm all to two thousand dollars per annum. But it
shall be their further duty, when designated by the head of
I a Department for that service, to superintend the buildings,
and they shall give bonds, as required by the Independent
Treasury act: Provided, That the clerks, when distributed
and arranged as required by this section, shall be paid ac-
cording to its provisions out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated, and shall constitute the whole
| of the permanent clerical lorce of the Departments of the
j Treasury, War, Navy, the Intenoi, and the Post Office,
' with the exception ot the Census Bureau, which is notin-
i eluded in this arrangement, and the clerks temporarily em-
ployed in the office of the Third Auditor on bounty land ser-
vice and on arrearages of pay : Jlnd provided further, That
each head of the said Departments may alter the distribu-
tion herein made of the clerks amongst the various bureaus !
and offices in his Department, it*lie should find it necessary [
and proper to do so. |
Mr. BOWIE. I wish to call the attention of the j
committee to the disparity between the allowance |
to the Second and Third Auditor's offices. There j
are now twenty clerks in the Second Auditor's i
office. This amendment allows eleven clerks of
the third class in that office.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair must remind
the gentleman that discussion is not in order to
the Senate amendment.
I Mr. BOWIE. I move to amend, by making
1 the number of clerks of the third class, in the
; Third Auditor's office, double the number pro-
posed in the Senate amendment.
Mr. Chairman, this is the largest and most
important office, I believe, connected with the
Treasury Department. The officers connected
with this office audit the expenses of the Govern-
ment, more than $12,000,000 annually. There
are now fifty-three clerks employed in that De-
partment; but if I understand this Senate amend-
ment correctly, it gives only three clerks of the
third class to this office.
i A Member. It gives them eight.
Mr. BOWIE. Mr. Chairman, when the Third
Auditor was appealed to for that purpose, he sent
in a statement of the number of clerks necessary
to carry on the business of that office, and an
estimate of their salaries. Now, I do not pro-
pose to recommend the amount of salary to these
clerks which the Third Auditor has recommended,
but I hope the proportion of clerks allowed to the
other Auditors' offices will be allowed to this office.
I think it will be doing gross injustice to this office
if the amendment is passed in its present form.
The duties of the clerks in that office are of more
importance to the Governmentthan those of almost
any other connected with the Government; yet
out of fifty-three clerks apportioned to that office,
' only eight are of the third class, while in the
Second Auditor's Office, where there are only
twenty clerks in all, there are eleven of the third
class.
1 will modify my amendment so as to provide
that there shall be twelve clerks of the third class
in the Third Auditor's Office instead of eight. |
Mr. TOOMBS. 1 hope the amendment of the i
gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Bowie] will not
be adopted, and that the proportion of clerks in
; this Third Auditor's Office will remain as they
, are. This bill, which is now sent here as an amend-
ment, has been framed with a great deal of care.
; It was reported from the Finance Committee in
the Senate, by a gentleman [Mr. Hunter] who
has for a long time been distinguished for the
, efforts he has made to procure an economical ad-
| ministration for this Government. The duties of
these clerks in the Third Auditor's Office are of
I an entirely different character from those in the
! Office of the Second Auditor. And here I take
i occasion to say, that the Second Auditor, in his
! estimates for this purpose, has brought down the
number of clerks in his office to one half; while
, the Third Auditor has not acted in the same spirit
I in seconding the wishes of those who have had
charge of this matter in the Senate. But the pe-
culiar duties of the clerks in the Third Auditor's
, Office are those which anybody could perform.
The description of work they have to do, does
not require so many clerks of the third class as
are needed in the office of Second Auditor. The
gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Bowie] seems
j to go upon the principle that as many clerks with
I hi"h salaries should be put into one office as an-
i other; he seems to go upon the principle of equal-
! izing the patronage of these several offices with-
I out regard to the species of labor they requiie to
II be done. Now, sir, this bill has been intelligently
framed. It assigns the highest class of clerks to
places where the description of labor to be per-
formed requires the highest degree of clerical
talent.
1 say to the gentleman from Maryland that you
can draw no comparison between the Second and
Third Auditor's offices in this respect. And I say
to him further, that this bill is not framed upon
the principle of equalizing the patronage of these
bureaus, but with sole reference to the character
of the work itself.
1 think the amendment a good one. The busi-
ness of the country has suffered greatly for the last
three years. A distinguished member from North
Carolina (Mr. McKay.) some years ago introduced
a bill similar to this, but it failed to become a law.
I hope this amendment will be concurred in in its
present form, and that no amendments will be
agreed to by the committee.
The question was then taken, and Mr. Bowie's
amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. FLORENCE. I desire to amend the Sen-
ate amendment so as to provide that the draughts-
men employed in the several Departments of the
Government shall be changed from the second to
the third class.
Mr. Chairman, T will not detain the committee
longer than briefly to state my reasons for moving
this amendment. The amendment, as it comes
from the Senate, I have no doubt is a good one in
many respects, but in respect to these draughtsmen,
it may not be so perfect as the gentleman from
Georgia [Mr. Toombs] supposes. These draughts-
men occupy fixed positions. They are learned in
this especial art, and when their situations become
vacant for any reason, it is very difficult to fill
them again with competent persons. There is,
therefore, no change often made among them. The
labor they perform is of great advantage to the
Government, and I ask that their position in this
amendment shall be changed from the second to
the third class. They do as much work, and as
high a class of work as any of the clerks in the
Departments; and I therefore suggest, that their
salary be fixed at $1,500. They are employed
the whole of the time, from the hour they go there
in the morning until the Departments are all closed
in the evening, and they deserve a better compen-
sation than is given them by this amendment. I
hope the amendment I have offered will be adopted.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Mr. Chairman,
I have only to say in regard to the amendment of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, that I am op-
posed to it. Here is a bill of very great length
which we now have under consideration in the
shape of this Senate amendment, and if we are to
go into a discussion of the relative merits of the
different classes of persons referred to in it, and
undertake to amend the subject-matter of the bill
itself, it will be sufficient to consume the balance
of the session. This is a bill which has been con-
sidered with great care by the gentleman who had
charge of it in the Senate. It is worded carefully,
and 1 propose that we adopt it as a whole without
going into its discussion. It has been prepared
with a great deal of care. This matter of equali-
zation is one of very great difficulty; but under
this arrangement, the worst is better off than under
that now existing. Great care has been taken not
to do injustice to any one, and I presume we now
have the bill before us in as perfect a form as we
could by any possibility make it at this late hour
of the session. If we begin to amend it, we shall
never find an end. This will at least do for a be-
ginning. I say, therefore, let us pass this bill as
it now stands, and leave it to future legislation to
makesuch alterations as experience shall hereafter
show to be necessary. But I appeal to this com-
mittee not to undertake to do that work now.
Let us adopt the amendment as it stands as a
whole, or let us reject it, and leave the clerks in
the position which they now occupy.
Mr. FAULKNER. I desire to put the amend-
ment suggested by the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Florence] in a proper form.
The CHAIRMAN. That can be done if no
objection be made.
Mr. GOODENOW. I move that the commit-
tee do now rise for the purpose ot suspending this
five-minutes debate upon this section of the bill.
The question was put, and the motion was
agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose, and the Speak-
i er having resumed the chair j the chairman (Mr.
