1048
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
Stuart) reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union had, according
to order, had the state of the Union generally under
consideration, and particularly the amendments of
the Senate to the bill of the House (No. 337)
making appropriations for the civil and diplomatic
expenses of Government for the year ending the
30th of June, 1854, and had come to no resolution
thereon.
Mr. GOODENOW. I move to suspend the
rule which allows five-minutes debate in the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
upon the section of the civil and diplomatic bill
which it had last under consideration, and upon
that I move the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The question was then taken, and the motion
was agreed to.
Mr. ORR. I move that the rules be suspended,
and that the House resolve itself into the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The question was put, and the motion agreed
to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Stpart in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of the civil and diplomatic appropri-
ation bill, the pending question being upon the
amendment submitted by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Florence.]
Mr. FAULKNER. I now, with the consent
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Flor- •
ence,] desire to submit that amendment in a pre-
pared form. I move the following:
And that class of clerks in the different Departments
known under the appellation of draughtsmen, being out of
the direct line of promotion, and being necessarily required
to possess a competent scientific knowledge of and expe-
rience in their duUes, shall be rated in the third class of
clerks. 1
The question was taken, and Mr. Florence's
amendment as modified by Mr. Faolkner was
disagreed to.
Mr. HENN. I move to amend by adding at
the end of the section the following: I
Provided, That in no case shall it be lawful to employ a
greater number of clerks in the several offices mentioned
than is herein specified.
The question was taken, and Mr. Henn's j
amendment was not agreed to. j
The question then recurring on the Senate
amendment, it was put, and the amendment was
concurred in.
Eighty-first amendment of the Senate: i
" Insert the following:
" Sec. 4. Jlnd be it farther enacted, That the Secretary
of the Treasury be, and is hereby, authorized to construct
a marine hospital at Burlington, in the State of Iowa; and
that there be, and is hereby, appropriated .^15,000 for said
purpose from the Treasury, out of any moneys not other-
wise appropriated."
The question was taken, and the amendment
was non-concurred in. ;
Eighty-second amendment of th e Senate: !|
" Insert the following: i J
"Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That hereafter the |
annual compensation of the Vice President, Secretaries of
Stale, Treasury, War, Navy, and Interior, and the Post-
master and Attorney General, shall be $8,000 each."
Mr. SKELTON. I move to strike out" $8,000,"
and insert "$5,000."
I rise reluctantly on this occasion to enter my '
protest against this system of legislation. We
are called upon now, after delaying the public ,
business, and idling away the time of the Congress
for the last year and a half, to pass bills for the
reorganization of the Executive Departments, and
to change the salaries of officers, from the Vice |
President down to the lowest clerk in the Depart-
ment. Whatever the House may think of this I
system of legislation, I cannot be silent and allow i;
it to go on without a protest upon my part. ! I
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I call the gen- ]
tleman to order. He is wasting the time of the i j
House.
Mr. SKELTON. I am speaking to the amend-
ment. I am in favor of keeping the salaries where
they are, I do not propose to consume the time
of this House uselessly and unnecessarily. It is
too late in the session to undertake this measure. '
We have just passed a clause in this bill which
ought to have been the subject of consideration for
weeks. Whatever the House may do, I pledge
my vote against every measure which has been
thrust upon us by the Senate on this occasion.
The question was taken on the amendment
offered by Mr. Skelton, and it was disagreed to.
The CHAIRMAN. The question recurs upon
agreeing to the Senate amendment.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Dean and
Campbell were appointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers
reported—ayes 35, noes not counted.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
Eighty-third amendment of the Senate:
"Insert as follows:
"Sec. 5. Jlnd be it further enacted, That when private
establishments shall be made to refine gold bullion, the Sec
retary of the Treasury, if he shall deem them capable of ex-
ecuting such work, is hereby authorized and required to
limit the amount thereof which shall be refined in the Mint
at Philadelphia, from quarter to quarter, and to reduce the
same progressively as such establishments shall be extended
or multiplied, so as eventually, and as soon as may be, to
exclude refining from the Mint, and to require that every
deposit of gold bullion made therein for coinage shall be
adapted to said purpose, without need of refining: Pro-
vided, That no advances in coin shall be made upon bullion
after this regulation shall be carried into effect except upon
bullion refined, as herein prescribed."
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I move to strike
out the words " Secretary of the Treasury," and
insert " President of the United States."
I move this amendment for the purpose of say-
ing that there is growing up here a system of legis-
lation which I regard as of the most mischievous
character. I mean that this practice of conferring
discretionary power upon officers in reference to
legislative matters is inconsistent with our whole
theory of Government. If you leave this discre-
tion anywhere you ought to leave it with the Pres-
ident of the United States, who is the most respon-
sible officer under the Government. But in my
opinion the whole system of legislation in that
manner is wrong.
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. Bayly, and it was not agreed to.
The question then recurring upon the amend-
ment of the Senate, it was put, and the amend-
ment was non-concurred in.
Eighty-fourth amendment of the Senate:
" Insert as follows:
" Sec. 7. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the Secretary
of the Treasury be authorized to refund to the legal claim-
ants for duties that have been paid on goods, wares, and
merchandise that were consumed by fire in the district and
port of New York, in July, 1845, $300,000, and in the dis-
trict and port of San Francisco, in the years 1850 and 1851.
; $100,000, subject to the restrictions and limitations of the
: act of July 7, 1838, passed for the relief of sufferers by the
fire of December, 1835, in New York; and the amount of
goods destroyed and duties to be refunded shall be ascer-
tained at said ports respectively, and be adjusted and repaid
thereat, in a manner similar to that which is provided for in
j the act above referred to in relation to lossesat New York."
; The question was taken, and the Senate amend-
, ment was non-concurred in.
Eighty-fifth amendment of the Senate:
" Insert as follows:
" Sec. 8. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the Secretary
of the Navy be authorized to remit the duties upon any ma-
chinery imported into the United States for preparing, weav-
ing, and spinning flax, or to refund duties heretofore paid
within five years past on such machinery, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated: Provided,
That it shall be proved to his satisfaction that such machin-
ery was not an article of manufacture at the time of impor-
tation in the United States, and has been used by the persons
or companies importingitformanufacturing purposes : Jlnd
provided further, That they bind themselves to permit in-
spections and models of such machinery to be madein such j
manner as may not interfere with their usual occupations : !
Provided, That this privilege shall not be extended beyond !
two years."
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I move the fol-
lowing amendment, to come in at the end of the J
section, as follows: !
Provided, That from and after this date, and until the !
end of the next Congress, all laws for the collection of du- ;
ties or revenue owrailroad iron imported from foreign coun- !
tries shall be, and hereby are, suspended, and no duties
shall be assessed or collected thereon, and all railroad iron
imported within that time shall be admitted free of duty :
Provuled, hovjever, That at the time of such importation the
importer shall execute to the United States a bond with sure-
ties, in such penalty and form as the Secretary of the Treas-
ury shall direct, to be approved of by the said Secretary,
conditioned that such iron is bona fide imported for the pur-
pose of being used as and for rails for railroads, and for no
other purpose whatever, and to be laid down and actually
used by the person or persons or company so importing the
same within two years from the time of importation; and
upon due proof furnished to said Secretary that such iron
has been so laid down and used, the bond shall be given up
to be canceled.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I submit
to the Chair whether the amendment is in order.
If it is not, I object to its introduction. I
The CHAIRMAN. On what ground does the
gentleman insist that the amendment is not in
order ?
Mr. STEVENS. On the ground that it is
neither an appropriation, nor refers to one, but is
the repealing of a law.
Mr. JOHNSON. It is only the suspension of
the law.
Mr. HOUSTON. It is not germane to the
section to which it is offered as a proviso.
The CHAIRMAN. So far as the Chair heard
the amendments of the Senate read it proposes
the repeal of duties on certain machinery. The
gentleman from Arkansas, by his amendment,
proposes to suspend the revenue duties on rail-
road iron, and the Chair sees no reason why it is
not in order.
Mr. STEVENS. I appeal from the decision
of the Chair, and on that demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Hamilton
and Venable were appointed.
The question was taken, " Shall the decision of
the Chairstand as the judgmentof thecommittee?"
and it was agreed to; the tellers having reported—
ayes 78, noes 66'.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I have simply
to say that in nothing is the enterprise of this
country so vitally interested as in the construction
( of railroads. This we all know; and knowing it
, we find that our legislation on the subject for the
future is of the most oppressive and destructive
character. And I have offered the amendment
merely for the suspension of the revenue laws
with regard to railroad iron for a brief period,
1 believing that it is one of the very best steps
we can take at a time when we find that our legis-
lation is dismantling our coast, crushing and de-
stroyingour Navy, and leaving our forts and other
means of defense open to attack. Against such
legislation as that, Mr. Chairman, 1 enter my
protest. I see no other hope of cultivating even
the internal prosperity of the country but by the
step I have suggested. Believing that, I hope to
see the amendment meet with the approbation of
thecommittee. While, on one hand, it may op-
erate oppressively on a few, the general prosperity-
ought not to be neglected for such a cause.
Mr. WOODWARD. I am opposed to the
amendment, because it does not extend the time
far enough. The policy of one branch of the
1 Legislature on this subject is to donate public lands
to aid in the construction of railroads, for the pur-
pose of increasing the value of the lands in its vi-
cinity, and another is to levy a tax on the import-
ation of the iron rails used in the building of those
roads. One thing is to advance railroads, and
| thereby to enhance the value of the lands, and con-
l sequently to increase our revenue; and the other
! is to discourage railroad enterprise by subjecting
railroad iron to a heavy taxation. Was there ever
such inconsistency? Look at the subject in an-
other point of view. Why is it that you tax rail-
roads in the old States, and give bounties for their
construction in the new States? What reason can
be offered for it? The manufacture of railroad
iron is a manufacture in which no one class is
more particularly interested than another. The
manufacturer is no more interested than the mer-
chant; and the merchant no more than the farmer.
There is an universal interest in the matter. Now,
you levy a tax on the whole consumption of the
country, for the protection of a particular class of
manufacturers. You levy, be it remembered, an
enormous burden on a description of manfacture
in which all are interested.
Mr. EVANS. Is it in order to amend the ori-
ginal section ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not in order. There
is an amendment pending to that section.
Mr. STEVENS. Do I understand that the
gentleman from South Carolina opposed the
amendment of the gentleman from Arkansas?
The CHAIRMAN. He opposed it on the
ground that it did not go far enough.
Mr. STEVENS. Then I hope he will vote
against it. [Laughter.]
Mr. THOMAS M. HOWE. 1 demand tellers
on the amendment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Johnson, of
Arkansas, and Goodenow, were appointed.
The question was taken, and the amendment
to the amendment was disagreed to, the tellers
having reported—ayes 68, noes 78.
