1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1051
rection of the Secretary of the Treasury, and paid from any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated."
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I think we had
better reject that amendment.
Mr. CARTTER. I presume if the committee
were to hear the resolution to which this amend-
ment refers read, they would concur in it.
The resolution was then read, as follows:
" Ilrso'rrd, That the Secretary of the Treasury be required
so have prepared and submitted to the Senate, at its next
tession, a general revenue law, with the view of superseding
all etif-tinz laws on the subject, and winch t-hall embrace
all needful provisions for regulating the foreign and domes-
tic commerce of the United States in American and foreign
vessels; the assessing and collecting of the dunes connect-
ed with the same, including fees of all kinds, tonnage
duty, and light-money ; 'he registering,enrolling, and licens-
ing of vessels; the number, duties, and emoluments of cus-
tom house officers and employees of every kind ; the levy-
ing and remission of penalties, fines, and forfeitures; the
service of the revenue marine in all its details; and pro-
viding generally for the due performance of all the duties,
of every description, connected with the revenue service
in all its branches and details, including all the requisite
official forms to be observed in the transaction of custom-
house business.
" Resolved further, That in the preparation of the said
revenue code, or law, it shall be distinctly shown what are
the provisions of existing laws which are retained ; what,
if any, portion of said existing laws are omitted ; and what
new provisions or additions are made."
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to strike
out " #10,000" in the amendment.
Mr. Chairman, it is the duty of Congress to
prepare the revenue laws and pass them. It is
the duty of the Executive officers of the Govern-
ment to execute those laws, and I cannot see the
necessity or propriety of appropriating $10,000
for the Executive officers of the Government to
prepare a bill which it is the business of Congress
to prepare and pass, if it is necessary that it
should be passed at all.
Mr. BROOKS. That resolution was introduced
into the Senate by a Senator from Maine, [Mr.
Hamlin,] and when it came before the Committee
on Ways and Means, I did not hear any opposi-
tion to it. The revenue laws of the country are
now comprised in two large volumes, and consist
of all the laws upon the subject which have been
passed during a long series of years; many of them
are conflicting upon the subject of refunding du-
ties, in consequence of which the country is sub-
jected to a very large cost every year, but the
country does not feel it, because direct appropria-
tions are not made out of the Treasury for that
purpose. Now, this resolution provides for some-
thing like a codification of the existing laws to be
presented to the ensuing Congress, and if carried
out by a faithful man, it will result in a great
saving to the country, and do great good. I tell this
committee that it will be the most economical ap-
propriation Congress ever made, if it results in the
adoption of a code of revenue laws, which even
lawyers and commercial men can understand, for
they are now so conflicting that it is impossible
for any one to understand them. I hope the Sen-
ate amendment will prevail.
The question was then taken, and Mr. Jones's
amendment was disagreed to by the committee.
Mr. EVANS. I move to reduce the appropri-
ation contained in the Senate amendment $3,000.
Mr. Chairman, I think there is something more
in that amendment than would appear from the
reading of it. I agree with the gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Jones] that it is not best for this
Congress to pay one of the Executive officers of
this Government #10,000 merely for the purpose
of reducing the existing laws to an intelligible
form. That is not the object of this resolution in
my opinion; and if it is carried out it will extend
a great deal further than it now shows upon its
face. I hope it will be rejected.
The question now being upon the adoption of
the amendment to the Senate amendment,
Mr. EVANS, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment.
Mr. CABLE, of Ohio. I move that the com-
mittee do now rise.
The question was put, and the motion was not
agreed to.
The question then recurred upon concurring in
the Senate amendment, and being taken, the
amendment was non-concurred in by the com-
mittee.
Ninety-eighth amendment of the Senate:
" Insert the following:
"Sec. —. be it further enacted, That under the act
for the benefit of Amos Proctor, approved the 17th of June,
1641, the legal representatives of the said Proctor are enti-
tled to on« half of one moiety, being one quarter of the ap-
praised value of the goods therein mentioned, as having
been seized and libeled on his information."
The question was taken, and the amendment
was concurred in by the committee.
Ninety-ninth amendment of the Senate:
" Insert the following:
"Sec. 18. Jind be it further enacted, That there he
placed at the disposal of the President of the United States
the sum of ;*-.2U,0l>0, to enable him to compen-ate Ciark
Milh for the execution of the equestrian statue of Andrew
Jackson, recently placed upon the public square in the city
of Washington, north of the Executive Mansion, and to
make the same the property of the United State, and that
said sum be paid nrider the direction of the President out
of any money m the Treasury not otherwise appropriated,
when a clear and satisfactory title to said staiue shall be
vested in the United States: Provided, That the sum of
$10,OIK) thereof be invested for the family of said Mills, and
after his death to be given to such children of said Mills as
may survive him."
Mr. SWEETSER. I desire to make an inqui-
ry in relation to this amendment. It is supposed
by some gentlemen that we have already made an
appropriation for this same purpose. I desire to
know whether this is the fact ?
The question was put upon concurring in the
Senate amendment, and upon a division 52 rose
in the affirmative.
Mr. POLK. I ask for tellers upon concurring
in that amendment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Jones of
Tennessee, and Harris of Alabama, were ap-
pointed.
Mr. CLINGMAN. For the purpose of ascer-
taining what are the facts in relation to this mat-
ter, I move to reduce the appropriation $1,000. A
certain sum has been appropriated this session to
pay Mr. Mills for that statue. It is now suggest-
ed to me, that it was to pay the original subscri-
bers, and to buy the statue of them. I want to
know what the fact is. If he has not been paid I
am willing to pay him liberally.
Mr. DEAN. The appropriation which has been
made this session, was made upon the motion of
the gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr. Vena-
ble,] and was for the purpose solely of comple-
ting the pedestal. Individuals have paid $12,000
towards that statue, and Mr. Mills is in debt
$7,000, besides having expended all his time since
1848.
Mr. McMULLIN. I call the gentleman to
order.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I hope the gentleman from
New York will be permitted to proceed in his
statement. I had the impression, but 1 may be
wrong, that independent of this appropriation 
Mr. McMULLIN. I rise to a question of
order. The committee was dividing, and it is not
competent to discuss any question.
The CHAIRMAN. The committee was not
dividing. Tellers were appointed, but they had
not taken their places.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Some gentlemen tell me
that individuals contributed $15,000, and others
that it was only $12,000.
Mr. DEAN. This amendment provides that it
shall not be paid until a clear title is vested in the
United States. It has only been placed in the
public grounds.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I am not willing to pay
anything to those who subscribed.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. At a former ses-
sion of Congress there were $3,000 appropriated
for the pedestal. There was an item placed in
the deficiency bill for a deficiency for building that
pedestal, upon the motion of the gentleman from
North Carolina, at the present session of Con-
! gress. With the exception of some cannon, which
, were cast into the statue, those are the only ap-
propriations made by Congress for that work.
I Mr. CLINGMAN. My object was to ascer-
1 tain the facts, as there seemed to be a difference
of opinion among members of the committee.
Mr. JONES. I am opposed to it myself, and
hope the amount will not be appropriated.
The amendment to the amendment was, by
unanimous consent, withdrawn.
Mr. HAVEN. Iftheamendmentiswithdrawn,
I propose to reduce the appropriation $1,000. I
move the amendment simply for the purpose of
saying to the House, that the amendment proposes
that upon paying this $90,000, a good title to the
statue shall be given to the United States. The
thin? that troubles me is this: I do not see how
the title is to be got unless it is by paying to the
!i original subscribers the money they advanced,
and then have them convey the title to the United
States. If that is the object of this amendment, I
am unwilling to vote for it. If it is for Mills's
benefit, I am willing to support it.
Mr. POLK. I will state for the information of
the House, that, as I understand it, this whole
appropriation is for the benefit of Mr. Mills alone,
and it is to result to the benefit of no other person
whatever. 1 am willingthata proviso to that ef-
fect should be incorporated in the act. I ask the
American Congress if they can see a work of such
art, of such merit, and refuse to grant a small
pittance to the artist, who has for seven long years
devoted his time, attention, and genius to it? It
ornaments our grounds, it reflects credit upon the
country, yet you let the artist, whose labors you
appropriate, starve. If you have the hearts of
patriots, you cannot and you will not do it.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment offered by Mr. Haven, and it was not agreed
to.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I move to
add the words, "and no part of this sum shall
ever be paid to the original subscribers." lam
willing to pay the artist, and to encourage genius.
But a parcel of men get together, from patriotic
motives, no doubt, and a little for glory, and  ive
their money to raise a statue to one whom all re-
spected. Let them remain with that glory upon
them; let tliem not meanly, now when they have
had the credit of originating this work, comeback
and allow their motives to be impugned by taking
their money back. This kind of sycophancy is
too common already in this nation, and allow me
to say, I think it is corrupting. I every day see
presents made to men in office under the Adminis-
tration, not to bribe it is true. I see horses and
carriages given. I see annuitiessettled upon your
functionaries for life—not to gain favor, that would
be beneath them—and yet, sir, these people all
have business with these high functionaries.
When Lord Bacon received presents, while he was
Lord Chancellor—1 do not say that he made any
bargain to decide in favor of the donors, yet he
received the bags of gold and horses and chariots;—
but the British Parliament, the House of Lords,
called it bribery, tore from him the insignia of his
order, degraded him from his high office, and im-
posed upon him ruinous fines.
In my judgment, this thing, of which I hare
spoken, is the most corrupting system that ever
grew up in any nation, and I trust it will receive
a check.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I agree with the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania in most of his remarks,
but I do not see how they apply to the proposition
before the committee.
I think I can make an explanation satisfactory
to the House in reference to this amendment. It
is not contemplated that any portion of this sum
shall go to reimburse those who originally con-
tracted with Mr. Mills for the erection of this
statue. He agreed for a certain sum of money to
put up an equestrian statue of Jackson. He ex-
hausted that sum, and lacked some six or seven
thousand dollars of having the amount required
to erect it. That was advanced to him by gentle-
men whohad confidence in the instincts ofhisown
genius that the work was practicable. He did
accomplish the work. If this appropriation is
passed, Mr. Mills will pay those gentlemen who,
from their private purses, advanced him the
money to complete the work. He owes that
sum, it having been loaned to him after he had
expended all the money for which he originally
contracted to make it. Not one dollar is proposed
to be given to the Jackson Democratic Associa-
tion,or to the individuals with whom he originally
contracted for making the statue. To the pro* iso
I have no objection; and 1 think this statement
ought to satisfy the House.
The amendment of Mr. Stevens was agreed
to- ,
The CHAIRMAN. The question is upon the
amendment of the Senate as amended.
Mr. McMULLIN. What is the sum pro-
posed ' , . „
The CHAIRMAN. Twenty thousand dollars.
Mr. McMULLIN. I ask for the reading of
the amendment.
The amendment was accordingly read, as above
inserted.
Mr. McMULLIN. Is it in order to more an
amendment ?
