1054
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
report the Committee of Conference have in no-
wise compromised the dignity or the rights of the
House. They have in nowise forced upon the
House legislation which is 111 opposition to its
wishes or its judgment. We have proposed nothing
but what is the result of our judgmentin this mat-
ter. It is in your power to acquiesce in this report or
reject it. We have made a simple proposition to
you. We have simply recommended totheHouse
to concur in such amendments as the Senate insist
upon, and which we, after listening to the inform-
ation given us by the Senate committee, thought
the House might properly concur in. This I un-
derstand to be the province of a committee of
conference. It is presumed that both bodies have
intended to act right upon the information before
them respectively; but as they differ in their con-
clusions, it is presumed the one must have had
reasons and information which the other does not
possess. They meet in conference that the in- ^
formation and reasons of both may be brought
together and compared, that it may be ascertained
which is right. If each is to doggedly maintain
its position, committees of conference would be
not only useless but ridiculous. It is not in reason
to expect that one should concede everything and
the other nothing. I ask gentlemen to call to
mind that while you have listened to the reading
of such amendments as were conceded by us, you
have heard none of those which we refused to
concede and which were conceded to us. Look
at this report as a whole, as well what is proposed
to he yielded by the Senate as what by the House,
and seek to do justice to the committee in this
matter.
Now, one word in reference to this assay office
in California. I understood—and probably my
information upon this subject is as good as that
of the gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Toombs]—
that this proposition to build a Mint in California,
which has stood upon your statute-books for nearly
two years, has received no bid which has been
accepted; no bid which is thought sufficient to
erect a suitable building and purchase suitable
machinery for the purpose, or which would ac-
complish the object of the law.
Mr. MARSHALL. You do not mean to state
either of these two facts which you are stating; |
either that the law has been passed two years, or J
that there are no bids; because if you do, you state i
two facts which are utterly false, and, as it seems
to me, must be so within your own personal
knowledge. I hope you do not mean to state
them ao. |
Mr. DUNHAM. The gentleman's remark is I
covered with an innuendo, but it certainly is not a I
rroper one, under any circumstances. This is all
have to say in regard to it at this time. I will
state to the House what my information is in re- ]
gard to this m* tter. The Mint bill passed at the ;
last session of Congress. It is quite probable that
under the excitement of a hasty debate, I may
have erred in stating the date. In reference to the
other matter the gentleman says that there are
bids for th« erection of the Mint. What was my
statement? I did not say that there had been no
bids. Gentlemen who surround me will remem-
ber whether I made that statement. I said that
there were no bids iiroposing to erect such an
establishment as it was thought by those having
the matter in charge was proper to be erected.
There is a wide difference between the two propo-
sitions. The officer having the matter in charge
has said, as I am informed, that upon the build-
ing proposed to be erected there would be an ab-
solute waste of the $300,000 appropriated.
Mr. TOOMBS. Who was the officer who had
it in charge?
Mr. DUNHAM. It is under the control of the
Treasury Department.
Mr. TOOMBS. Does the gentleman say that
the officer having it in charge is of that opinion ?
Mr. DUNHAM. My opinion is that the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, who has it in charge, has
not accepted the propositions which have been
made to erect a Mint in California, because he be-
lieved that it would be a useless expenditure of that
#300,000 which you have appropriated, and to
which you have expressly limited the expenditure,
because that sum will not erect a building such as
ought to be erected for the purpose.
Mr. TOOMBS. I think the gentleman is in
error there. I know that is not the opinion of the
Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. DUNHAM. I mean no disparagement to
the Secretary of the Treasury, but 1 have my in-
formation from gentlemen who, as far as my
knowledge extends, are as accurate as he is, and
whose means of acquiring the information which
I have thus detailed I am sure are as great as
his. i
Mt. TOOMBS. I am sorry they are not more
accurate in their statements, for 1 know the fact
that an adequate building for this purpose can, in
the opinion of the Secretary of the Treasury, be
erected for less than §200,000.
Mr. DUNHAM. 1 should like to ask the gen-
tleman if he states that from his own knowledge ?
Mr. TOOMBS. I state it as a fact.
Mr. DUNHAM. Well, the House can decide
whether they are willing to rely on the knowledge
of the gentleman from Georgia as to the erection
of a building in California and the purchase of the
machinery necessary there, or upon the knowl-
edge of officers in the Department. The gentle-
man from Georgia may be as widely mistaken in
his facts as others. 1 did not know that the gentle-
man had undertaken to make estimates as to the
building to be erected in California. I did not
know that he had examined into the details of the
machinery necessary to carry on the Mint. I
Mr. TOOMBS. It seems to me that the gentle-
man cannot even report me aright. I stated that
the Secretary of the Treasury said he could erect :
a building that would answer all the purposes, for
$300,000. The gentleman cannot even state me
correctly two minutes after I have done speaking.
Mr. DUNHAM. The gentleman cannot state
himself correctly, for he makes a different state-
ment each time.
Mr. TOOMBS. I did not. Youmisunderstood
, me.
Mr. DUNHAM. That is my misfortune. But
the gentleman has given us his authority—the Sec-
retary of the Treasury. Now, if the gentleman
knows anything of the management of the Treas-
ury Department, he knows that Thomas Corwin, !
as principal Secretary of the Treasury, does not
have the immediate control and superintendence
of these matters. They are matters which come
peculiarly within the province of the Assistant
Secretary, and from my knowledge of the man- j
agement of the Treasury Department during the '
last two years, I would much prefer to take the
statement of the Assistant Secretary, Mr. Hodge,
than the statement of Thomas Corwin himself,
and especially when it is backed up by the fact
that notwithstanding that the law authorizing the
erection of this building, in case it could be done
for $300,000, has been in existence the greater part
of a year, up to this time bids have never been ac-
cepted, and a contract has never been made. If,
then, the Secretary of the Treasury has stated
what the gentleman from Georgia has repeated
here to-night, I say that the Secretary of the
Treasury ought to be impeached for his neglect of
duty in this matter. Nearly a year ago we passed
a law, under a pressing emergency, as it was rep-
resented here, for the establishment of a Mint in
California, and the gentleman from California, and
the gentleman from Georgia, tell us that there are
bids in the Treasury Department for the erection
of that Mint, and yet up to this time the Secretary
of the Treasury has not completed a contract—
has not even accepted bids.
Now, sir, take this statement which I make,
that $300,000 is not sufficient for the erection of a
suitable building, and the purchase of the expen-
sive machinery necessary for a Mint in California,
backed up by the fact that the Secretary of the
Treasury, during all this time, has not made a
contract; and I leave it to the members of this
House to say whether they will take my assertion
as to the truth of this matter, or that of the gen-
tleman from Georgia. Sir, I have no interest in
this question one way or the other. I care noth-
ing about it. I have spoken thus far merely for
the purpose of justifying the course which I took
in the Committee of Conference.
Mr. MEADE. I wish to ask the gentleman
from Indiana whether any reason was given in the
Committee of Conference why this purchase of
machinery was limited to San Francisco instead
of authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury to
purchase it ?
Mr. DUNHAM. I do not understand that the
amendment makes it positively obligatory upon
him to purchase it in San Francisco.
Mr. MEADE. It authorizes the purchase
there, and nowhere else.
Mr. DUNHAM. As I understand the amend-
ment, it simply provides that the building shall be
in San Francisco; that the assay office shall be
confined in its locality to San Francisco, and the
Secretary of the Treasury is authorized to pur-
chase the necessary machinery. It does not say
that he shall purchase machinery which is now
actually in San Francisco. He may purchase it
elsewhere and contract for it to be delivered there.
The Treasury is amply guarded in that respect.
Now, one word in reference to the $300,000.
The gentleman from Georgia says that it will be
squandered in renting a building, purchasing ma-
chinery, and establishing an assay office, before
Congress can put a stop to it next session. Now,
if you cannot purchase the necessary machinery
and put an assay office into operation without
squandering $300,000, will the gentleman tell me
how, for that sum, you can erect the suitable build-
ing which the law requires, and in addition buy
the much more expensive machinery necessary to
put in operation, not an assay office, but a Mint
in California? The law expressly requires that
the building shall be suitable.
Now, sir, I have said all that I propose to say,
and I am sorry that I have been compelled, in jus-
tice to myself, to take up so much of the time of
the House.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I desire to call
the attention of the House to the fact that we are
consuming time in useless discussion, and that it
is of no possible use to appoint committees of con-
ference unless some regard is to be paid to their
recommendations. I desire also to call the atten-
tion of the Democrats of this House to the fact
that they will be held responsible for an extra ses-
sion, unless by prompt and nervous action here,
they force through the business of the session.
Sir, to-morrow is the last day we have got. It
is now past nine o'clock, and we are not going to
and shall not sit here all night. I know the House
will never consent to that. I invoke gentlemen,
then, to make up their minds upon this question,
that we may act upon it without further delay,
and with that view I demand the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. MARSHALL. I hope that I shall be
allowed to say a few words upon this subject. I
do not want to make a speech, and I will renew
the demand for the previous question.
Mr. JOHNSON. I cannot withdraw the de-
mand for the previous question.
The previous question received a second, and the
main question was ordered to be put.
The question now was on agreeing to the report
of the Committee of Conference.
1 Mr. STUART. I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Hart, and
Johnson of Arkansas, were appointed.
The question was then put, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 48, noes 91.
So the report of the Committee of Conference
was not agreed to.
Mr. NABERS. I rise to a privileged question.
I move to reconsider the vote by which the House
has just refused to concur in the report of the
Committee of Conference.
Mr. DEAN. I move to lay that motion upon
the table.
Mr. NABERS. The gentleman cannot make
that motion. I have not yielded the floor yet.
The SPEAKER pro tem. Did the gentleman
from Mississippi vote with the majority?
Mr. NABERS. Yes, sir, I did.
Mr. LETCHER. Did the gentleman vote
i against his own report?
Mr. NABERS. I voted with the majority with
a view of making the motion which I now make,
to reconsider. I am in favor of agreeing to the
report of the Committee of Conference.
Mr. LETCHER. Did not the gentleman vote
to concur in his own report?
The SPEAKER pro tem. The gentleman states
that he voted in the negative, with the majority.
Mr. LETCHER. I want to know if the gen-
tleman did not vote upon both sides, and whether
he was not counted upon both sides?
Mr. NARERS. No, sir, I was not.
Mr/ CLINGMAN. I rise to a question of or-
der. The previous question was ordered upon the
report, and under the decisions of the Speaker, the
motion to reconsider is not debatable.
