1056
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2.
Mr. ORR. Then I have no objection to the
motion.
The question was then taken and the motion to
reconsider was laid upon the table.
Mr. TOOMBS. I now move to appoint another
committee of conference. It is according to par-
liamentary usa«;e, and I will not detain the House
five minutes upon it. I will say to gentlemen that
all this terror of driving the incoming Administra-
tion to calling an extra session of Congress, is
utterly erroneous. We ought to have sound le-
gislation, and I believe when necessary to accom-
plish that object, an extra session is legitimate and
proper. Sir, i will give millions for proper legis-
lation, but not one cent for jobs.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Geor-
gia moves that another committee of conference
be appointed upon the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses upon the deficiency bill.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move the previous ques-
tion upon that motion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered to be put.
The main question being, " Shall another com-
mittee of conference be appointed?" it was put
and decided 111 the affirmative.
The Speaker thereupon appointed Messrs.
Toombs, Woodward, and Marshall, as the com-
mittee on the part of the House.
ARMY BILL.
Mr. PHELPS. I desire to make a report from
the House Committee of Conference upon the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses upon the Army
appropiiation hill.
Mr. STUART. The House is in committee
yet, as the committee has not risen, and there has
been no report of the chairman of the committee
made.
The SPEAKER, (Mr. Jones, of Tennessee,
in the chair.) It is truf that no report has been
made. The committee agreed to rise informally.
The Chair admits that, to his knowledge, that j
was never done before, but it was done by the ,
suggestion of the chairman, and no objection was !
made.
The report of the Committee of Conference was
then read, as follows:
Thp Committee of Conference on the disagreeing votes ,
of the two Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 336) making ap-
propriations for the support of the Army for the year ending
the 30th of June, ]8.~>4. have met, and after full and free
conferencp, have agreed to recommend, and do recommend,
to the respective Houses as follows:
That the House of Representatives recede from its dis-
agreement to the 14th, loth, 31st, and 3-2d amendments of
tlie Senate.
That the Senate recede from their 16th, 18th, 19th, 23d,
24t'i, 25ih, 27th, 29th, 30th, 33d, 31th, 40th, 42d, and 45th
amendments.
That the House of Representatives recede from its '
amendment to the 27th amendment of the Senate.
That the Senate concur in the amendment of the House
to the l*t amendment.
That tlie Senate concur in the amendment of the House
to their 2-id amendment.
Mr. PHELPS. I call the previous question
upon the adoption of the report.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; which main ques-
tion being, " Shall the report of the Committee of
Conference be concurred in ?" it was put, and de-
cided in the affirmative.
So the report was agreed to.
The following is the digest of the above report
of the Committee of Conference:
Amendments of the Senate, from a disagreement
to which the House recede:
Fourteenth amendment. The Senate struck out
the words " sixty-five" and inserted " one hun-
dred," in the following paragraph of the original
bill:
" For ordnance, ordnance stores and supplies, $65,000."
Fifteenth Senate amendment, from a disagree-
ment to which the House recedes:
The Senate struck out(( twenty-eight thousand
nine hundred and fifty" and inserted in lieu there-
of (< torty-three thousand five hundred," in the
following clause to the original bill:
" For repairs and improvements and new machinery at
Harper's Ferry, $--26,950."
Thirty-first amendment of the Senate, inserting
the following section, to which the House dis-
agreed :
" Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the provisions
of tlie seventh section of the act approved August 31,1852,
entitled 4 An act making appropriations for the support of
the Army for the year ending 30th day of June, ISM/ shall
be construed to extend to ail persons who were engaged as
receivers ol military contributions iu Mexico or California
during tne war with Mexico."
The House recedes from its disagreement to
that section.
Thirty-second amendment of the Senate, insert-
ing the following section, to which the House dis-
j agreed:
" Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That the provisions
of the first section of the act entitled i An act making ap-
propriations for the support of the Army for the year end-
ing the 30th of June, 18.")1,' approved September 28, 1850,
granting extra pay to the officers and enlisted men of the
Army serving in Oregon and California, he extended to the
officers and men ot the two companies of regimentof
mounted riflemen that garrisoned the post of Tort Laramie,
' Oregon route, during the tune they occupied said post; and
the amount which may be tbund due them under this act
shall be paid out of any moneys in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated."
The House recedes from its disagreement to
that section.
Senate amendments from which the Senate re-
cedes:
Sixteenth amendment of the Senate:
" Add to the following clause :
" F*r repairs and improvements and new machinery at
Harper's Ferry, $43,500."
" The following words :
" And that the amount received from the late and future
sales of Government land pertaining to Harper's Ferry
armory may be carried to the same appropriation, and ap-
plied to similar objects, under the direction of the Secretary
of War, including the improvements of the streets and high-
ways, in u e for armory purposes."
The Senate recedes from this amendment.
Eighteenth amendment of the Senate:
"Strikeout c forty-one thousand and seventy-one' and
inserti fifty-eight thousand one hundred and forty-four,'in
the following paragraph :
"For arsenals, forty one thousand and seventy-one dol-
lars; and that the Secretary of War be, and he is hereby,
authorized to abolish such ot the arsenals of the United j
States as in his judgment may be useless or unnecessary." i
The Senate recedes from this amendment. I
Nineteenth amendment of the Senate: |
" After the word' abolish' in the above paragraph, insert
the words 'or transfer.'"
The Senate recedes from this amendment. 1
Twenty-third, twenty-fourth, and twenty-fifth
amendments of the Senate:
" After the following clause, viz : 1
" For fuel and quarters and for mileage or transportation
for officers and enlisted men of the Army serving on the
Coast Survey, in cases no longer provided for by tlie Quar-
termaster's Department, $10,000; I
" Insert the following: '
" For preservation of public property and contingencies
of western river improvements, and for commutation of
transportation of baggage and of quarters and fuel of offi-
cers, the payment of which is no longer made by the Quar-
termaster's Department, and for allowances to meet extra j
expenses under the special direction of the Secretary of i
War, {$-20,000.
"For repairs and preservation of public property and j
contingencies of lake harbors, and for commutation of i
transportation of baggage, and of quarters and fuel of offi-
cers, the payment ot which is no longer made by the Quar-
termaster's Department, and for allowances to meet extra
expenses under the special direction of the Secretary of
War, .$10,000. ;
" Repairs, preservation, and contingencies of river and i
harbor improvements on the Atlantic and Gulf coasts, in ;
charge of the Engineer Department, and to meet charges |
for transportation of officers, and for fuel and quarters, the
payment of which is no longer made by the Quartermaster's 1
Department, and for extra allowances to meet extra ex- 1
penses under the special direction of the Secretary of War,
$15,000."
The Senate recedes from these amendments.
Twenty-seventh amendment of the Senate:
" Add the following Beotion :
" Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the provisions
of the act of Congress, passed March 3, 1819, entitled ' An !
j act authorizing the sale of certain military sites,' be, and
! the same are hereby extended to all military sites acquired
since the passage of the said act." |
The Senate recedes from this amendment.
Twenty-ninth amendment of the Senate:
" Add the following section:
"Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That the accounting
officers of the Treasury be authorized in settling the ac-
counts of Captain Leslie Chase, Captain S. M. Plummer,
Captain Schuyler Hamilton, and Lieutenant J. H. Whip-
ple, to pass to their credit all expenditures by them made
for objects authorized by law, out of appropriations not ap-
plicable thereto; provided,that such expenditures be ap-
proved by the Secretary of War."
The Senate recedes from this amendment.
Thirtieth amendment of the Senate:
" Add the following section :
" Sf.c. 7. And be >£ farther enacted, That additional ra-
tions shall hereafter be allowed to the commissioned officers
of engineers when in command of separate and fixed, or
permanent posts; provided, that the commandant of no post
shall he entitled to receive such additional ration*, unless
the same be designated by the Secretary ofWar as adouble-
ration post."
The Senate recedes from this amendment.
Thirty-third amendment of the Senate:
"Add the following section :
"Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That it shall be the
duty of the Secretary of'War, under such regulations as he
may prescribe, to cause to be examined, and testimony to
be taken, in all claims against the United States lor carry-
ing on the government in California in the years 1*46 and
1847, under Commodore R. F.Stockton, Kngadier General
S. W. Kearny, and Lieutenant Colonel John C. Fremont;
also for spoliations, and for property furnished or taken for
military purposes in California within that period, and
which have not been favorably reported upon by the Board
of Commissioners appointed under the sixth section of the
act making appropriauons for the support of the Army, ap-
proved 3Ut of August, 1852, and to report thereupon to
Coneres-s at its next session; and that for the puipo-jeof
carrying this provision into effect, tlie sum of £10,000 be,
and the same is hereby, appropriated out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated."
The Senate recede from this amendment.
Twenty-fourth amendment of the Senate:
" Insert the following:
" Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That, for the pay-
ment of claimants against the United States for funds ad-
vanced, and subsistence and supplies of all kinds furnished
or taken for the use of the command of Captain John C.
Fremont, whilst he was engaged in the public service in
California during the year 1846, as favorably reported upon
by the Board of Commissioners appointed under the sixth
section of the act making appropriations for the support of
the Army, approved August 31,185*2, the sum ot $31,017
is hereby appropriated out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated, and that the troops enlisted or
enrolled in California, under the direction of the military
and naval officers, shall have all the benefits of all acts
of Congress in favor of troops engaged in the war with
Mexico."
The Senate recedes from this amendment.
Fortieth amendment of the Senate:
" Insert the following:
" Sec. 17. ^nd be it further enacted, That, in making
such explorations and surveys, the eneineers and other per-
sons employed under the authority of this act may be di-
rected to act in concert with any engineers employed* by any
individual or individuals, association or associations, for the
same general object; and the Secretary of War is hereby
authorized and required to receive proposals from individ-
uals orassociations, for the construction of a railroad be-
tween the valley of the Mississippi and the Pacific ocean,
and lay the same before Congress at the next session."
The Senate recedes from this amendment.
Forty-second amendment of the Senate:
" Insert the following:
" Sec. 19. And he it farther enacted, That the President
of the United States is hereby authorized to enter into con-
tracts with such person or persons as shall make the most
favorable proposals, and give the most satisfactory assurance
and security for defending and protecting the emigrant
routes, and improving and keeping in good condition the
roads through the Territories of the United States from the
western border of the States in the Mississi ppi valley to the
eastern border of California, and to the Pacific ocean in the
Territory of Oregon, on tlie following terms:
" First. The contractors are to establish posts and station-
houses along the route at such points and distances as the
President shall designate, and shall keep at least twenty
well-armed men at each of said posts to protect all emi-
grants, travelers, and settlers, on and along said routes.
" Second. The said contractors shall make and keep in
repair a good wagon-road along each of said routes, with
bridges or ferries across all the streams, and shall charge no
higher rates for crossing said streams than shall be pre-
scribed by the President.
" Third. In consideration of the services required by this
section, the President is hereby authorized to grant to such
contractors four sections of land at, and in the vicinitv of,
each of said posts, which said grant of land shall be m full
of all services rendered, or expenses incurred under this
section."
The Senate recedes from this amendment.
Forty-fifth amendment of the Senate:
" Add the following:
" And whereas a discovery has been made, and is now
in practice, whereby the human body can be rendered
safely insensible to pain in dental, surgical, and obstetrical
operations, by the use of what are commonly called anaes-
thetic agents, and the Government of the United States has
been and is in the enjoyment of said discovery in the mili-
tary and naval service ; and whereas it is established that
the discovery was made by some one of the persons fol-
lowing, to wit: William T. G. Morton, Charles T. Jack-
son, each of Boston, and Horace Wells, of Hartford, de-
ceased ; but it does not appear to the satisfaction of Congress
which of those parties was the original, true, and first dis-
coverer thereof; and whereas Congress is willing to pro-
vide a recompense for such discovery when ascertained :
Therefore—
Sec. 22. Beit further enacted, That the sum of $100,000
be, and the same is hereby appropriated, out of anv moiiev
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to he"paid by
the Secretary of the Treasury as hereinafter provided, as a
recompense for said discovery and the use and benefit
thereot bv the Government and peopleof the United States.
Sfc. 23. And be it further enacted, That it shall be the
duty of the district attorney of the United States for the
northern district of New York, within a reasonable time
