THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
33d Congress, 2d Session.
THURSDAY, MARCH 3, 1853.
New Series....No. 67.
after the passage  f this act, to file in the circuit court of
(be United States for said district, sitting in equity, a bill of
interpleader, wherein, reciting this act, or the substance
thereof, the Secretary of the Treasury, as tnistee of the
sum herein appropriated, shall he complainant, and the said
William T. G. Morton, Charles T. Jackson, and the per-
sonal representative or representatives of said Horace
Wells, shall he defendants; of which bill they, the said
parties, shall take notice, and may appear and answer and
nake proofs; and the said circuit court shall have juris-
diction of said case, and the same shall be tried in the man-
ner and according to the practice of such court in equity
cases; and the issue therein shall be, which one of the said
parties first named was the original, true, and first discov-
erer, of the discovery herein before recited; and, by final
decree in such case, the court shall decide that issue, and
shall direct that the said sum of one hundred thousand dol-
lars, without any costs, shall be paid over to the party who
shall be found to have been such discoverer, or to his per-
sonal representative or representatives or assignee: Pro-
vided, That if one or more of said defendants shall conceive
himself or themselves to be aggrieved by said decree, he or
they may, within twenty days after the making of the de-
cree, appeal to the Supreme Court of the United States,
•nd thereupon the payment of said sum shall be suspended
nntil final disposition be made of said case by the said Su-
preme Court: -1nd provided further, That if it shall appear
that either of said defendants holds a patent for said discov-
ery, or the means of applying the same, which, in the judg-
ment of said circuit court, is valid, then it shall be the duty
of said court to certify such fact to the said Secretary, who
shall thereupon withhold from such defendant said sum,
should the same be decreed to him by the said final decree,
until he shall have executed, under bis hand and seal, an
instrument in writing surrendering such patent and granting
the free use of said discovery, and the means of using or
applying the same, to the Government and people of the
United States; which instrument shall be lodged in the
Patent Office and entered on the records thereof: Provided,
That before the said sum of $100,000, or any part thereof,
shall be paid to either of the parties named in this act, he
shall make oath in due form of law that he has not been
guilty of collusion with either of the other parties named in
this act, in any way whatever.
From this amendment the Senate recedes.
The House recedes from its amendment to the
twenty-seventh amendment of the Senate.
The twenty-seventh amendment of the Senate
i as follows:
" Sec. 4. Jind be itfurther enacted, That the pro virions
of the act of Congress passed March 3,1819, entitled' An
act authorizing the sale of certain military sites' be, and the
same are hereby, extended to all military sites acquired
since the passage of said act."
The House amendment thereto was as follows:
" Strike out all after the enacting clause and insert:
"That the act entitled'An act authorizing the sale of
certain military sites,' passed March 3,1819, is hereby re-
pealed, aad that the Secretary of War shall, at the opening
of each I .'ongress, report to Congress what military sites
should, in his judgment be sold, and the reasons therefor;
and that in all cases where lands have been or may hereafter
be reserved for military, naval or other purposes, and where
the Secretary of the proper Departmentshall certify that such
lands are no longer required by the Government for public
uses, the President of the United States shall be, and he is
hereby authorized to cause the same to be sold at public
rale under the laws which may be in force, at the time, for
the disposal of public lands, or under such special regula-
tions as he may prescribe: Provided, however. That no pre-
emption right shall attach to any such lands in virtue of
any settlements made prior to the time of the offering at
public sale oftbe same under this act."
From this amendment the House recedes.
The Senate concur in the first amendment of the
House to the first Senate amendment.
The first Senate amendment was to add to the
folio wing^paragraph :
" For pay of the Army, <J1,814,759,"
the following:
" Provided, That the military store-keepers of the Ord-
nance Department in Oregon, California, and New Mexico,
shall hereafter receive the same pay that is allowed bylaw
to the military store-keepers and paymasters of that De-
- partment in the Atlantic States."
The amendment of the House thereto, and in
which the Senate concur, was to strike out the
above proviso, and insert in lied thereof the fol-
lowing: i
" Provided, That the salary of the military storekeepers !
of the Ordnance Department in Oregon, California, and '
New Mexico, shall hereafter be $2,250 per annum." j
The Senate concur in the amendment of the 1
House to the Senate's twenty-second amendment.
The twenty-second amendment was to add to
the following paragraph:
" For bridges and establishing communications between
Fort Leavenworth and the Republican Fork of the Kansas
river, $11,725,"
the following:
67
" For fuel and quarters, and for mileage or transportation
for officers and enlisted men of the Army serving on the
Coast Survey, in cases no longer provided for by the Quarter-
master's Department, $10,000."
The amendment of the House thereto, and in
which the Senate concur, was to add the following
proviso:
" Provided, That the annual Coast Survey Report shall be
submitted to Congress during the month of December In
each year, and shall be accompanied by a general chart of
the whole coasts of the United States, on as large a scale
as convenient and practicable, showing as near as practi-
cable the configuration of the coasts, and showing by lines
the probable limits of the Gulf stream, and showing bylines
the probable limit to which the soundings of the coast will
extend, and showing by the use of colors and explanations
the exact portions of our coasts of which complete charts
have been published by the Coast Survey ; also, showing
such other parts of the coasts of which the triangulation,
the topography, and the soundings have been completed,
but not published; and also, such parts of the coasts of
which the triangulation and topography, or the triangula-
tion only, have been completed."
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC BILL—CLARK MILLS.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The question was put, and the motion was agreed
to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Stuart in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of the Senate amendments to the civil
and diplomatic bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The pending question is
upon the Senate amendment as amended, in refer-
ence to the appropriation to Clark Mills, for the
equestrian statue of Andrew Jackson.
The question was taken, and the amendment as
amended was concurred in. •
One hundredth Senate amendment:
" Sec. 23. JInd he U further enacted, That the Secretary
of the Treasury be, and he ^hereby is, authorized and re-
quired to purchase of Thomas Cowperthwaite St Co., of
the city of Philadelphia, or from any other person or per-
sons, if the same can be had on better terms, five hundred
copies of the Decisions of the Supreme Court of the United
States, as contained in six volumes of Peters's Condensed
Reports, and the sixteen volumes subsequent thereto, by
the tame reporter, at a price not exceeding sixty-two dol-
lars per copy; and likewise five hundred copies of the
first thirteen volumes of Howard's Reports, being a con-
tinuation of the reports of said court to the end of the
last term ; and also, until Congress shall otherwise direct,
five hundred copies of each succeeding volume of the re-
ports of the decisions of said court, at a price not exceed-
ing two dollars and eighty-two cents per volume for How-
ard's Reports, and such subsequent reports, and pay for
the same out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated. And it shall be the duty of the said Sec-
retary of die Treasury, immediately after the reception of
saM reports,10 forward to the Governor of each State and
Territory four copies of said reports, (one copy thereof
being intended for the State library, one copy for the use
of the Executive, one for the use of the Legislature, and
one for the use of the highest court of the States and Ter-
ritories respectively, unless the Legislatures thereof shall
deem it necessary and proper to make a different distribu-
tion.) And in addition to the copies aforesaid there shall
be forwarded to the Governor of each State and Territory
a number of copies of said reports equal to the number of
representatives of said States and Territories in both
Houses of Congress, to be distributed as the Legislatures of
said States and Territories shall respectively determine.
And the remainder of said five hundred copies shall be de-
posited in the Department of State, for distribution in con-
formity with existing laws, or for such other purpose as
may be deemed expedient by the Secretary of State ; the
residue, if any, after such distribution, to await the further
action of Congress."
Mr. HOUSTON. I hope that the whole amend-
ment will be voted down.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I offer the
following amendment by way of addition:
To enable the Clerk of the House of Representatives to
pay the employees thereof the extra compensation as di-
rected by the resolution of the House of March 1, 1853,
such sum as may be necessary therefor is hereby appropri-
ated out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated.
Mr. HALL. Has not that amendment been
put in the bill already ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair knows nothing
at all of what was put in the bill.
Mr. HALL. I then raise the question of order
that the amendment is not germane to the subject
under consideration.
Mr. STANTON. I simply desire to gay that
this House a few days ago gave a very large ma-
jority on the yeas and nays in favor of paying to
their employees the usual extra compensation.
The Senate, by the report of the Committee of
Conference which was sent here a few minutes
ago and rejected, not on account of that provision,
but in consequence of another matter which it
contained, evidently show that they are determ-
ined to pay their employees this extra compensa-
tion. Now, sir, it is but fair and just that a fund
shall be given out of which our clerks and em-
ployees shall be paid, especially when the House
has decided by an overwhelming majority to give
them the extra compensation. The Committee
on Ways and Means failed to provide a fund, and
this amendment is for that purpose.
Mr. HOUSTON. How could the Committee
on Ways and Means provide a fund? Did we
know that the resolution giving extra compensa-
tion was going to pass? The House voted the
fund on the express representation by myself
that it was an estimate of the Clerk intended to
cover this extra compensation.
Mr. HAVEN. The amendment is not in order,
because it is not relevant.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
that the original amendment provides foMKhe dis-
tribution of a large amount of boolcs among the
: States; and he cannot see how this amendment to
provide a fund out of which to pay the extra com-
pensation has anything to do with it.
Mr. ORR. I move to strike out that portion
of the amendment with reference to the distribu-
tion of the books. I am opposed to the policy
of providing for the distribution of large amounts
of money when those amounts are not specifically
stated in the bill. Here is a section embracing
one or two pages, and involving the expenditure
of $60,000, or $70,000, or $100,000—the precise
amount does not appear. There is only a pro-
vision that it is to be paid out of any moneys in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated. The
second objection I have to appropriations of this
sort is the one indicated by the gentleman from
Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,] that they are evidently
I for the purpose of giving jobs. And to such ap-
propriations I am entirely opposed.
Mr. FREEMAN. I am opposed to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from South Carolina. It
is clear that the object of purchasing these books
is simply this: These are the reports of the de-
cisions of the Supreme Court of the United States,
and it is known, or ought to be, to every member
on this floor that the several States of this Union
send to the Library of Congress, at Washington,
copies of their aanual statutes, revised codes, and
reports of the decisions of their Supreme Courts.
Is not the Congress of the United States to re-
spond ?
Mr. ORR. Congress does rgtoond.
Mr. FREEMAN. This isTKit a proper re-
sponse to the States, and I am surprised the gen-
tleman has made the point he has. The gentleman
seems to be very much afraid of giving jobs.
Everything is a job. There is not a proposition
made in this House you cannot designate by the
nameof ajob. There is a good deal of jobbing here
by the very men who job most against it. [Laugh-
terj
The question was taken, and the amendment
was disagreed to.
The question was then taken on the amendment
of the Senate, and it was non-concurred in.
One hundred and first amendment of the Sen-
ate:
" Add at the end of the bill, as an additional section^ the
following:
"Sec. 19. And be it further enacted, That whenever
the land office at Pontotoc, Mississippi, shall be discontin-
ued, tile records and files thereof shall be placed in the
possession of the cleric of the United States district court
for the northern district of Mississippi, who is hereby made
keeper of the same, and authorized to perform all the du-
ties now conferred upon the register and receiver, and shall
receive for his services therefor a sum not exceeding $500
per annum."
Mr. HOUSTON. That provision will become
necessary during this year, and the committee rec-
ommend a concurrence.
