1058
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
The question was taken, and the amendment
was concurred in.
One hundred and second amendment of the Sen-
ate:
"Add a! the end of the bill, as an additional section, the
follow in«j:
 • Sfc. *20. Jind he it further enacted, That in settling the
accounts of Daniel S.'Mcratiley, late consul general at
Alexandria, in Kgypt, there shall be allowed for office rent
at the rate of >*400* per annum, during the tune he acted in
that capacity, to be paid to Ins widow."
The question was taken, and the amendment
was concurred in.
One hundred and third amendment of the Sen-
ate:
'•Add at the end of the bill, as an additional section, the
following:
":>ec.—. be it further enuctcd, That the percent-
age added by law to the pay of the clerKs employed in the
Executive and Legislative Departments at Washington be,
and is hereby, allowed to the clerks employed in the City
Post Office in the city of Washington, commencing at the
same time that theirs did, on the 1st of July, 1802.''
Air. STANTON, of Kentucky. I move the
following amendment by way of addition:
"To enable the Clerk of the House of Representatives
to pay the employees thereot the evtra compensation «;• di-
rected by the resolution ot'the Hmi^ of M.ix-h 1,185.3,
such sum as may be necesjary theretor is hereby appropri-
ated out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise ap-
propriated. "
Mr. STANTON. It has been the custom to
pay this extra compensation for the last thirty
years.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was ag#eed to.
The question was put on concurring in the
amendment of the Senate, as amended, and there
were, on a division—ayes 76 
Mr. HALL. 1 demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs Stanton of
Kentucky, and Hall were appointed.
Mr. CLINGMAN. J move to embrace in the
resolution, all the stone-cutters, butchers, and
haekmen. j
Mr. FLORENCE. The printers of the Globe !
ought to be included at all events.
Mr. CLINGMAN It is exceedingly difficult 1
to designate the particular individuals, and I move
to add, by way of amendment, the words, "And
the same shall be paid to all the heads of families
in the United States, as shown by the last cen-
sus." [Laughter.] i
Mr. MOORE, of Louisiana. The committee
were dividing by tellers when the gentleman of-
fered his amendment, and I do not think that it is
in order.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I do not
think that it is pertinent—homogeneous. The prop-
osition, as it now stands, does not refer to any- i
body but officers of the Government and post- ]
masters.
Mr. CLINGMAN. The clerks of the City
Post Office are not officers of the Government.
Mr. STEVENS. They are our officers, being
in our employ.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. DEAN.^I move to strike out all that por-
tion of the sectlTO which relates to these post of-
fice cierks.
Mr. HOUSTON. I submit that amendment is
not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. So the Chair decides.
Mr. HIBBARD. I move to insert in that part
which relates to post office clerks the words "all
the clerks in all the post offices in the United
States."
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that to
be out of order.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I appeal from the decision
of the Chair.
The question was taken upon sustaining the
decision of the Chair, (Messrs. Meade and Hart
acting as tellers,) and there were—ayes 41, noes
not counted. 1
So the decision of the Chair was overruled. !
The question was taken upon the amendment, ,
and it was agreed to. j
The question was then taken upon the Senate '
amendmeiHas amended, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I desire to
offer the same amendment as an independent sec-
tion. j
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I make the point !
of order, that unless we have something to amend, I
we cannot add a section to the bill. I move that
the committee rise, and report the bill to the House.
Trie CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Jones] is correct. We are acting
simply upon a Senate amendment. The question
now is upon the motion of the gentleman from
Tennessee, that the committee rit-e and report the
bill to the House.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative.
Thecornmitteeaccordingly rose,and theSpeaker
having resumed the chair, the ehanman reported
that the Committee of the Whole hod had under
consideration the state of the Union generally,
and particularly the Senate amendments to the
civil and diplomatic bill, and that in some they
have concurred with amendments, and others
without amendments, and that they have disagreed
to some.
Mr. HOUSTON moved the previous question
upon the amendments, which was seconded, and
the main question ordered to be put.
Mr. HOUSTON. I propose to the House (as
we all recollect the amendments we voted upon)
that we take one vote upon concurring in the action
of the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union. [Cries of "Agieed! Agreed!"] I
hope it will not be objected to. We all remem-
ber what we have been voting upon, and l>-t us
vote in what the committee have recommended.
I move to suspend the rules for that purpose.
Mr. MEADE. I only want a single vote, and
then I am willing to take it upon every other prop-
osition. There was an amendment passed over
( without anybody's attention being called to it. I
know that my attention was not called to it, and
1 do not believe that there was any other member
from Virginia whose attention was directed to it.
It was the amendment introduced by the Senate
to allow compensation 
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. There is a
misunderstanding about that amendment which I
desire to explain. It will not take two minutes.
  Mr. CARTTER. I rise to a question of order.
The proposition is to suspend the rules.
The SPEAKER. The remarks of the gentle-
man from Kentucky are not in order, except by
unanimous consent, the main question having
been ordered to be put. The question is on the
suspension of the rules, and that the reading of
the amendments be dispensed with.
Mr. BOCOCK. I wish to make a suggestion
to the Chair. I do not know what can be accom-
plished by a suspension of the rules. If you can
suspend the rules, you can take a vote upon the
report.
Mr. HOUSTON. Let the House decide.
Mr. BOCOCK. There seems to be one sepa-
rate vote called for. Let the gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Meade] have his separate vote,
and let us take a vote upon all the others.
Mr. GENTRY. According to the precedent
established, it was decided that it was in order for
the chairman of the Committee on Ways and
Means to move a suspension of the rules for a
specific purpose, and I suppose it is in order for
me to move the suspension of the rules for any
other purpose. [Laughter.] Is that true ?
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman take an
appeal ?
Mr. GENTRY. I do not.
Mr. MOREHEAD. I move that the House
adjourn.
The question was taken, and it was not agreed
'to.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I rise for the pur-
pose of suggesting a question of order. The main
question has been ordered upon what? Upon the
report of the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union; and not upon the amendments. The
rules specially provide that we shall take the ques-
tion first upon the amendments, and then upon the
bill. There is no specific rule that you shall pro-
ceed to vote upon these amendments reported from
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, which came here in the original bill from
the Senate. Then is it not the report of the com-
mittee which is the main question and which has
been ordered by this House to be put? If so, is
that main question divisible, and is it not the report
of the committee which this House is brought to a
vote upon directly?
Mr. CLINGMAN. I make this point of or-
der. I know of no provision in the Constitution
of the United States that requires the vote to be
taken in any particular maimer—I mean with
reference to these amendments of the committee.
Any of our own rules we have a right expressly
to suspend by a two-thirds vote, and therefore the
motion of the gentleman from Alabama [Mr.
Houston] if it should pass would be in order.
Mr. HOWARD. This matter is not debatable.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has held upon
one or two occasions that it was in order to sus-
pend the rules under precisely similar circumstan-
ces, and he therefore will receive the motion. The
question is upon suspending the rules which require
the reading of the amendments.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. After the
main question has been ordered, is that motion in
order?
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that it is
in order to suspend the rules for a specific purpose
connected with the subject upon which the House
is acting.
Mr. BOWIE. I rise to a question of order. Is
it. within the power of the House to deprive one
fifth of the members thereof of the constitutional
right of asking for the yeas and nays upon any
amendment'
The SPEAKER. That is not in the power of
the House.
Mr. BOWIE. I give notice that I wish to call
the yeas and nays upon a particular amendment.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I call for
the yeas and nays upon the suspension of the rules
asked for by the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr.
Houston.]
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not decide
that the gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Bowie]
had not the right to ask the yeas and nays upon a
particular subject.
Mr. BOWIE. I understood the decision of the
Chair to be that we were obliged to vote upon the
amendments as a whole.
The SPEAKER. The Chair made no such
decision. The proposition pending is to suspend
the rules for the purpose of dispensing with the
reading of the amendments.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I have no doubt that it is
in order to do so by a majority of two thirds.
Mr. HOUSTON. I withdraw the motion to
suspend the rules.
The SPEAKER. Is it the pleasure of the
House that the action of the committee shall be
read ?
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. The usual
course upon a bill is this: For each member to
rise and designate any particular matter upon
which he wishes a special vote, and then to take
one vote upon the other amendments in gross.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Meade] made that proposition, but it
was objected to.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. We ob-
jected to having a vote upon all at the same time.
The SPEAKER. Does the Chair understand,
then, that it is the unanimous consent of the House
that that course be taken ?
Mr. STANLY. What is the motion ?
The SPEAKER. In reply to the gentleman
from North Carolina, [Mr. Stanlt,] the Chair
would state that any gentleman who desires a
separate vote will get up in his place and designate
the particular subject upon which he wishes a sep-
arate vote.
Mr. STANLY. AstheClerk reportsthem?
The SPEAKER. Before reading them.
Mr. STANLY. How do I know upon what
to ask a separate vote' I have been out upon a
committee of conference, and how do I know what
the committee did in that time?
The SPEAKER. It is in order to read all the
amendments, and take the vote upon them con-
secutively. The Chair will do so upon the first
amendment.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. MARSHALL. I would ask the attention
of the House for a few minutes, to make a per-
sonal explanation. I wish to express in the pres-
ence of as many gentlemen who were present when
I did the wrong as possible, the regret I feel at
having used unjustifiable and improper language
towards a member of the House this evening,
[Mr. Dunham.] I had no right to intimate that
there was any breach of veracity involved in what
