1060
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
The SPEAKER. The committee recommend
a non-concurrence in the amendment.
Mr. DIMM1CK. I demand tellers upon con-
curring in that recommendation.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Polk and
Florence were appointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers
reported—ayes 57, noes P>6.
So the report of the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union was not adopted.
The question recurred upon concurring in the
Senate amendment.
Mr. BOWIE- Upon that I demand the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment was non-concurred in by the House.
Mr. FICKLIN. I ask for a separate vote upon
the sixty-eighth amendment.
The amendment was read, as follows:
" For completing the grading and paving the carriage-
way of Pennsylvania avenue, from Seventeenth street to
Rock Creek, and for setlinsj the oiirh-smne and paving the
footway fqx teet wide on each side of said avenue, in addi-
tion to the sum heretofore appropriated for that object,
$14,700: Provided, That the sum required for paving said
footway shall not be expended unless the owners of prop-
erty opposite thereto be required, under the direction of the
authorities of the city of Washington, to pave at least ten
feet in width of the space allotted for a sidewalk, in con-
tinuation and adjoining the same."
The SPEAKER. The committee recommend
a concurrence in this amendment.
The question was taken, and the recommenda-
tion of the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Unio  was adopted by the House, and the
amendment of the Senate concurred in.
Mr. KING, of Rhode Island. I ask for a sep-
arate vote upon the seventy-seventh amendment.
The amendment was read, as follows:
£c Mexican Boundary Commission.—For completing the
survey of the Rio Grande, and for office work for one year,
$83,512.
"For arrears due to Major William H. Emory's party.
#20,01)0. ,
" For expenses attending Lieutenant Whipple's party |
from the Gila, $6,000. i
"For pay of commissioner and secretary, and for per-
sonal and traveling expenses of the commissioner, $9,500;
said sums to be disbursed on warrants approved by the Sec-
retary of the Interior.
" Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the period lim-
ited for the appointment of commissioner, surveyor, and
chief astronomer by the act of May lo, 18o0, shall be, and
the same is hereby, extended to the 1st of April, 1854."
The SPEAKER. The Committee of the Whole
recommend as an amendment to the Senate amend-
ment, to strike out the following clause:
" For pay of commissioner and secretary, and for personal !
and traveling expenses of the commissioner, $9,50ft ; said ;
sums to be disbursed on warrants approved by the Secretary
of the Interior."
The committee recommend a concurrence in the <
amendment as amended. I
The question was taken, and the Senate amend-
ment as amended was concurred in by the House.
Mr. GOODENOW. J call for a separate vote
upon the seventy-eighth amendment.
The amendment was read:
" Insert the following:
" For carrying into effect the provisions of the act estab-
lishing an assay office in the city of New York, in addition
to the charges therein authorized to be received, $100,000
is hereby appropriated out of any money in the Treasury
sot otherwise appropriated."
Mr. HOUSTON. That is in relation to the
assay office* There are several pages of amend-
ments upon the same subject. I ask that they
may be read, and all disposeed of by one vote.
They were read, as follows:
" Sec. 10. Jind be it further enacted, That the Secretary
of the Treasury is hereby authorized and required to es-
tablish in the city of New York an office forthe receipt and
for the melting, refining, parting, and assaying of gold and
silver bullion and foreign coin., and for casting the same
into bars, ingots, or disks. The assistant treasurer of the
United States, in New York, shall be treasurer of the
said assay office, and the Secretary of the Treasury shall,
with the approbation and consent of the President of the
United States, appoint such other officers and clerks and
authorize the employment of such assistants, workmen,
and servants as shall be necessary for the proper conduct
and management of said office and of the business pertain-
ing thereto, at sueh compensation as shall be approved bv
the President: Provided, That the same shall not exceed
that allowed for corresponding services, undei existinglaws,
relating to the Mint of the United States and its branches
"Sec. 11. Jind be it further enacted, That the owner or
ownere of anv gold or 3ilver bullion, in dust or otherwise
or of any foreign coin, shall be entitled to deposit the same
in the said office, and the treasurer thereof shall give a re-
ceipt, stating the weight and description thereof, in the
manner and under the regulations that are or may be pro-
vided in like cases of deposits at the Mint of the United
States with the treasurer thereof. And such bullion shall,
without delay, be melted, parted, refined, and assayed, and
the net value thereol, and of all foreign coins deposited in
1 said office, shall be ascertained ; and the treasurer shall
thereupon forthwith issue his certificate of the net value
thereof, payable in coins of the same metal as that depos-
ited, either at the office of the assistant treasurer of the
United States, in New York, or at the Mint of the United
States, at the option of the depositor, to be expressed in the
certificate, which certificates shall be receivable at any lime
within sixty days from the date thereof in payment of all
debts due to the United States at the port of New York for
the full sum therein certified. All gold or silver bullion
I and foreign coin deposited, melted, parted, refined, or as-
j saved, as aforesaidj shall, at the option of the depositor, be
cast in the said office into bars, ingots, or disks, either of
pure metal or of standard fineness, (as the owner may pre-
fer,) with a stamp thereon of such form and device as shall
be prescribed by the Secretary of the Treasury, accurately
1 designating its weight and fineness: Provided, That no in-
got, bar, or disk shall be cast of less weight than five ounces,
unless the same be of standard fineness, and of either one,
two, or three ounces in weight. And ail gold or silver bul-
lion and foreign coin intended by the depositor to be con-
verted into the coins of the United States, shall, as soon as
assayed and its net value certified as above provided, be
transferred to the Mint of the United States, under such di-
rections as shall be made by the Secretary of the Treasury,
and at the expense of the contingent fund of tlie Mint, and
shall then he coined. And the Secretary of the Treasury is
hereby authorized, with the approval of Hie President of the
United States, to make the necessary regulations for the ad-
justment of the accounts between the respective officers,
upon tne transfer of any bullion or coin between the assay
office, the Mint, and assistant treasurer in New York.
" Sec. 12. Jind he it further enacted, That the operations
of melting, parting, refining, and assaying in the said office
shall be under the general directions of the Director of
the Mint, in subordination to tbe Secretary of the Treasury;
and itshall be the duty of thesaid Fhrectorto prescribe such
regulations and to order such tests a3 shall be requisite to
insure faithfulness, accuracy, and uniformity in the opera-
tions ot the said office.
i u Sec. iy. And be it further enacted, That the laws of
I the United States for the government of the Mint and its
i officers in relation to the receipt, payment, custody of de-
posits, and settlement of accounts, the duties and respon-
sibilities of officers and others employed therein, the oath
to be taken and the bond and sureties to be given by them
(as tar as the same may be applicable) shall extend to the
a^say office hereby established, and to its officers, assistants,
clerks, workmen, and others employed therein.
"Skc. 14. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the same
charges shall be made and demanded at the said assay office
for refining, parting, casting into bars, ingots, or disks, and
for alloy, or ore, as shall be made and demanded at the
Mint; and no other charges shall be made to depositors
than by law are authorized to be made at the Mint; and
the amount received frem the charges hereby authorized
shall be accounted for and appropriated for defraying the
contingent expenses of the said office.
Sec. 15. And be it further enacted, That the Secretary
of the Treasury is authorized to procure, by rent, lease, or
otherwise, a building or apartments in the city of New
York suitable for the operations of said office, unless he
shall be of opiniou that suitable apartments in the custom-
house in that city may be assigned for that purpose. And
he is also hereby authorized and directed to procure the
necessary machinery and implements for the carrying on
the operations and business of the said office,
"Sec. 16. And be it further enacted, That the salary of
assistant treasurer of the United States in New York,from
and after the time that the said office shall be opened and
in operation, shall be $6,01)0 per annum, instead of the
sum now allowed.
" Sec. 17. And be it further enacted, That under the act
for the benefit of Amos Proctor, approved the 17th day of
June, lCf44, the legal representatives of said Proctor are en-
titled to one half of one moiety, being one fourth of the ap- '
praised value of the goods therein mentioned, as having !
been seized and libeled on his importation." ;
The SPEAKER. The committee recommend 1
a concurrence in these amendments, and the ques- j
tion will be upon concurring in the report of the ■
committee.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Upon that |
I demand the yeas and nays. j
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was taken, and theJSenate amend- !
ments were concurred in—ayes 68, noes not ;
counted. !
Eighty-first Senate amendment:
"And be it further enacted, That the Secretary of tbe
Treasury be, and is hereby, authorized to construct a ma-
rine hospital at Burlington, in the State of Iowa; and that
there be, and is hereby, appropriated $15,000, for said pur-
pose, from the Treasury, out of any moneys not otherwise
appropriated."
Mr. HENN. I ask for a separate vote upon i
that amendment. ;
The question was then taken upon concurring :
in the report of the Committee of the Whole in ]
reference thereto, and it was decided in the affirm-
ative. |
So the Senate amendment was not agreed to. j
Eighty-fourth amendment of the Senate:
" Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That the Secretary
of the Treasury be authorized to refund to the legal claim-
ants for duties that have been paid on goods, wares and
merchandise that were consumed by fire in the district and
port of New York, in July, 1845, $300,000 j and in the dis- '
trict and port of San Francisco In the years 1850 and 1851,
$100,000 ; subject to tIFe restriction and limitations of the act
of July 7, 183tf, passed for the relief of the sufferers by the
fire of December, 183.% in Now York; and the amount of
goods des-troyed and duties to be refunded shall be ascer-
tained at said ports respectively, and be adjusted and re-
paid thereat, in a mariner similar to that which is provided
for in the act above referred to in relation to losses at New
York."
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I ask for a
separate vote upon that amendment.
The question was then taken upon concurring
with the report of the Committee of the Whole re-
jecting the amendment, and it was decided in the
affirmative.
So the Senate amendment was not agreed to*
Eighty-fifth amendment of the Senate:
" Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That, the Secretary
of the Treasury b<v authorized to remit the duties upon any
machinery imported into the United States for preparing,
spinning, and weaving flax, or to refund duties heretofore
paid within five years past on such machinery, out of any
money in the Treasury : Provided, That it shall be proved
to his satisfaction that such machinery was not an article
of manufacture at the time of importation in the United
States, and has been used by the persons or companies im-
porting it for manufacturing purposes: And provided fur-
ther, That they biud themselves to permit inspections and
models of such machinery to be made in such manner as
may not interfere with their usual occupations: Provided,
That this privilege shall not extend beyond two years."
Mr. HOUSTON. The Committee of the
Whole recommend a concurrence in that amend-
ment.
The question was then taken on concurring with
the report of the Committee of the Whole, and it
was decided in the negative.
So the Senate amendment was not agreed to.
The eighty-ninth Senate amendment was next
read, as follows:
| " Sec. 12. And be it further enacted, That it is hereby
j declared that the provision in these words, 'and for print-
ing the obituary notices ofthe decease of President Taylor,
I said contractor shall be paid Ihe actual cost, with a profit of
j twenty per centum,'in the second proviso of the first «ec-
I tion ofthe 4 Act making appropriations for the civil and
diplomatic ex penses of the Government, for the year ending
June 30, 1853, and for other purposes,' in relation to print
ing, be, and the same is Iwreby, construed to mean that the
compensation ' for printing the obituary notices of the de-
cease of President Taylor, shall be in addition to the sum of
$50,000 allowed in the second section to Thomas Ritchie,
assignee of William M. Belt.' "
Mr. HOUSTON. The Committee ofthe Whole
recommend a non-concurrence in that amendment.
The question was then taken on concurring with
the report of the Committee of the Whole, and it
was decided in the affirmative.
So the Senate amendment was not agreed to.
The ninety-ninth amendment of the Senate was
next read, as follows:
" That there be placed at tbe disposal ofthe President of
the United States the sum of $20,000, to enable him to com-
pensate Clark Mills for the execution of the equestrian
statue of Andrew Jackson, recently placed upon the public
square in the city of Washington north of the Executive
Mansion, and to make the same the property ofthe United
States; and that said sum be paid, under the direction of
the President, out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, when a clear and satisfactory title to said
statue shall be vested in the United States."
Mr. PENNIMAN. 1 ask a separate vote upon
that amendment.
Mr. STANLY. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House, as a matter of justice to others and
of courtesy to me, to modify the Senate amend-
ment, by the amendment which I send to tb«
Clerk's table, and 1 hope that the friends of Mills
will agree to it.
The amendment was read, as follows:
"Strikeout ( twenty' where it occurs, and insert 'ten*
in lieu thereof, and add the following:
" And the further sum of $10,000, to be invested for the
benefit of the family of said Mills, or of such child or chil-
dren as may survive him."
Mr. POLK. That is right. I think we should
be magnanimous to him.
Mr. DEAN. I object.
Mr. STANLY. It does not increase the appro-
priation.
Mr. STUART. I wish to suggest a clerical
amendment. The Committee of the Whole decid-
ed that no part of this money should be paid to
the individuals who had made original contribu-
tions. Now, I think it should except borrowed
money.
The SPEAKER. Debate is out of order.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. The gentleman from
Michigan is mistaken as to theeffect of the amend-
ment.
The SPEAKER. The question is upon con-
curring with the report of the Committee of the
