1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1061
Whole, which was to non-concur in the Senate i
amendment.
Mr. DEAN. I withdraw my objection to the
amendment offered by the gentleman |fom North
Carolina, [Mr. Stanly.]
Mr. TOOMBS. I object.
The question was then taken on concurring in
the report of the Committee of the Whole, and it
was decided in the negative.
The question then recurring on agreeing to the
Senate amendment, it was put and decided in the
negative.
So the Senate amendment was not agreed to.
The question was then, by unanimous consent,
taken by one vote, upon concurring with the re-
port of the Committtee of the Whole, upon all the
Senate amend men ts,ur>on which separate votes had
not been required, ana the report of the Committee
of the Whole in reference thereto was concurred
id.
Mr. HOUSTON'. I move to reconsider the sev-
eral votes just taken upon the Senate amendments,
and to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The question was put, and the latter motion was
agreed to.
POST OFFICE BILL.
Mr. HOUSTON. The bill making appropri-
ations for the Post Office Department is upon the
Speaker's table, with three or four Senate amend-
ments thereto. I hope the House will take it up
and consider it now.
Mr. HALL. I move that the House do now 1
adjourn. 1
The question was taken, and there were, upon a
division—ayes 48, noes 75.
So the House refused to adjourn.
By unanimous consent, the House then took
from the Speaker's table the Senate's amendments
to the bill making appropriation for the service of
the Post Office Department for the year ending
June 30, 1854.
The first Senate amendment to said bill was
then read.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Is it not necessary
tint this bill should be referred to the Committee
of the Whole ?
The SPEAKER. It is, under the rule.
Mr. JONES. Then I move that the House
adjourn.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
So the House adjourned, to meet to morrow at
eleven o'clock, a. m.
   
IN SENATE.
Thursday, March 3,1853.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. C. M. Butler.
On motion by Mr. GWIN, the reading of the
Journal was dispensed with.
CREDENTIALS OF A SENATOR.
Mr. MILLER. I desire to present the creden-
tials of the Hon. William Wright, a Senator
elect from the State of New Jersey, for a period
of six years from the 4th of March, 1853. I ask
that they may be received, read, and laid on the
table.
They were accordingly read and laid on the
table.
PUBLIC BUILDINGS IN MINNESOTA.
Mr. WALKER. I move to postpone the prior
orders, for the purpose of taking up the bill ma-
king an appropriation for the completion of the
public buildings in the Territory of Minnesota.
Mr. RUSK. I hope the Senate will agree to
take it up. It will not occupy two minutes.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope not. This is the last
day of the session, and 1 wish to report another
appropriation bill, and then I hope we may go to
the consideration of the navy appropriation bill.
Mr. RUSK. This bill cannot occupy two min-
utes, and it is a very important bill.
Mr. HUNTER. I will not object then.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the bill as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be read a third time, read
a third time, and passed. j
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
On motion by Mr. HUNTER, the Senate re-
sumed, as in Committee of the Whole, the consid-
eration of the" bill making appropriations for the
naval service of the United States for the year end-
ing June 30th, 1854."
The question pending was on an amendment of-
fered by the Senator from New Hampshire [Mr.
Hal£] to an amendment offered by the Senator
from Florida, [Mr. Mallory.]
The question was taken on the amendment to
the amendment, and it was rejected.
The question then recurred on the amendment
of the Senator from Florida.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope the Senate will vote
down all amendments which may be offered to
the bill. I say to my friend from Florida that the
effect of these amendments, if we go on with such
general legislation, will be that we cannot get
through with the appropriation bills. Neither the
Indian appropriation bill nor the steam-route bill
has been touched yet. The House of Representa-
tives yesterday refused to concur in the report of
the Committee of Conference on the deficiency bill;
and we have none of the appropriation bills, but
that for the Army, concluded yet.
I hope, therefore, by general consent, that we
will vote down all amendments and pass this navy
bill now.
Mr. MALLORY. I want the sense of the Sen-
ate, if I can get it, upon the question of whether
the amendment shall pass. I will not occupy the
time of the Senate now, further than to say that
the reason why I insist upon this vote is, that the
subject embraced in the amendment has been be-
fore the Naval Committee twelve months, and is
reported from that committee, which has given it a
great deal of attention. The committee instructed
its chairman [Mr. Gwin] to present the amend-
ment, and he devolved the dutyupon me. It is one
which, in my judgment, eminently demands the
consideration of this body. I believe that a major-
ity of the House of Representatives is in favor of
it, but it could not be taken up there for the want
of leave by a vote of two thirds of the House. I
want to see who is for it, and who is against it.
Mr. HUNTER. I have no idea of speaking
on this question, but I wish to suggest to the Sen-
ator, that he will get a majority against this billon
other grounds than its merits, if we load it down
with so many matters. 1 would vote against any
amendment to the bill, because I know it is im-
portant to act on the bill itself, and gentlemen
will vote against his proposition as an amendment,
though they might vote for it as a separate meas-
ure.
Mr. HALE. I wish to ascertain from the
chairman of the Committee on Naval Affairs,
whether this is the identical bill which passed the
Senate, or whether it is a new one.
Mr. MALLORY. The last two sections of
that bill have been struck out.
Mr. GWIN. I ask for the yeas and nays on
the question.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and being
taken, resulted—yeas 22, nays 20; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Badger, Bayard, Bell, Borland, Brooke,
Butler, Chariton, Davis, Dawson, Douglas, Fish, Fitzpat-
rick, Foot, Gwin, Mallory, Mangum, Miller, Kusk, Sebas-
tian, Smith, Soul«, and Walker—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Atchison, Bright, Brodhead, Cass,
Cooper, Dodge of Iowa, Geyer, Hale, Hamlin, Hunter,
J allies, Mason, Norris, Pearce, Petut, Phelps, Spruance,
Sumner, Toucey, and Weller—20.
So the amendment was agreed to.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
Mr. HUNTER, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to which was referred a bill making appro-
priations for the transportation of the United
States mail by ocean steamers and otherwise, du-
ring the fiscal year ending June 30,1854, reported
it back with an amendment.
REPORT FROM A STANDING COMMITTEE.
Mr. JAMES, from the Committee on Patents
and thl Patent Office, to which was referred the
petition of Levi L. Hill, praying that provision
may be made by special enactment to secure to
him that protection in his method of Hillotyping
objects in their natural colors, which the patent
laws do not afford, submitted a report thereon;
which was ordered to be printed.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
A message waa received from the House of
Representatives, by the hands of Mr. Hayes, its
Chief Clerk, announcing that the House of Rep-
resentatives had disagreed to the report of the
Committee of Conference appointed to take into
consideration the disagreeing votes between the
two Houses upon the bill to supply the deficien-
cies in the appropriations for the year ending June
30, 1854, and asked that a second Committee of
Conference might be appointed to consider the dis-
agreeing vote on said bill, and had ordered that
Messrs. Toombs, Woodward, and Marshall
be a committee on the part of the House, to act in
connection with a committee to be appointed by
the Senate.
Mr. HUNTER. By general consent I desire
to submit a motion.
Mr. BADGER. I hope not. I object.
Mr. HUNTER. Does the Senator object to
my making the motion ?
Mr. BADGER. I do, sir. I understand the
Senator wishes to ask for another Committee of
Conference?
Mr. HUNTER. How can the Senator under-
stand that ?
Mr. BADGER. I understand it. I am against
any further Committee of Conference. I hope
that the Senate will adhere to its action.
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator knows he will
not adhere to that position. Now, why delay us?
We ought to act on the subject, so that the clerks
may make the final engrossment of the bill.
Mr. BADGER. It is impossible to resist that.
I give way. [Laughter.]
Mr. CASS. That is a very good reason.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope the message from the
House will be taken up; and I move that the Sen-
ate concur in the proposition for the appointment
of another Committee of Conference, and that the
committee be appointed by the Chair.
Mr. BADGER. I hope that motion will not
prevail, and I will assign one or two reasons why
I think it ought not to prevail. If there be any
risk, I am willing to take it. The Senator knows
that upon the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
upon that bill, a Committee of Conference was
appointed, that the Committee of Conference met,
and the committees reported to both Houses. The
Senate took up the report yesterday evening and
agreed to it. It was then sent to the House of
Representatives and the House of Representa-
tives refused to agree to it. I wish to present in
connection with this subject this paper which I
have caused to be prepared, showing the state of
the appropriation Dills as they reached the two
Houses. 1 ask that it may be read.
The Secretary read it as follows:
H. R. No. 332. Military Academy. Received and referred
January 5: reported and passed Senate January 19: House
agree to first and third and disagree to second and fourth
Senate amendments : Senate insist and appoint Committed
of Conference February 23: House of Representatives ap-
point Committee of Conference February 24.
H. R. No. 335. Deficiency Bill. Received and referred
January 31: reported February 5 : passed Senate February
16: House agree to some and disagree to other amendments
of Senate March 1: Senate insist and appoint Committee
ofConference March 1: House appoint committee March 2.
H. R. No. 336. Army BilL Received and referred Feb-
ruary 12: reported February 19: passed Semite February
26: House agree to some and disagree to other amendments
of Senate: Senate insist and appoint Committee Of Confer-
ence March 2.
H. R. No. 333. Indian Department. Received and re-
ferred February 25: reported March 2.
H. R. No. 337. Civil and Diplomatic. Beceived and re-
ferred February 21: reported February 26: passed Senate
March 2.
i H. R. No. 342. Navy Bill. Received and referred Feb-
' ruary 28: reported March 2.
H. R. No. 350. Appropriation for Post Office. Received
and referred February 16: reported February 24: passed
Senate March 2.
! Mr. BADGER. I have had that statement
I prepared that it may go upon the proceedings and
j debates of the Senate, to show to the country, if
' there be any responsibility about these public
measures, where that responsibility rests, and to
show conclusively, as I apprehend it will, that no
portion of that responsibility rests upon the Sen-
| ate. The bills have been sent to us uniformly late
in the session, and they have been taken up and
acted upon as promptly as we could do it, and
have been returned to the House of Representa-
tives. It will be seen by the proceedings of the
Committee of Conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses, that the Senate has always
been prompt to accept any offer that has been
made on the part of the House to appoint a Com-
mittee of Conference. On the military bill the
Committee of Confereqce on the part of the Sen-
ate, I may say gave up everything—I do not mean
so literally—but they gave up almost everything,
and yielded to the demands of the other House
