1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1063
the Hoii^e to appoint another committee to confer
with il'i-nv, and then it" there is to be a difference,
let it come up.
Mr I'KAROE. _l hope the Senate will assent
to tlie request of the House. It is manifest that
we ha>e not the necessary notice on ttie points of
disagreement. Although there are many pending
between the two Houses, of amendments made til
the one body or the other, it may well be that
there is hut a single point, upon winch there would
be any disagreemnit. It seems to me thai it would
be entirely wrong m this body to refuse to take
measures with a view to a full and peaceable ar-
ranjement with regard to the points of difference
between the tw^> Houses, and especially when
they may be tntling. 1 do not think that under the
circumstances, the Senate would be justifiable in
refusing to appoint a committee for further con-
ference.
The PRESIDENT. The House disagrees to
the report of the Committee of Conference upon
the amendments to the deficiency bill, and asks
another committee. The Senator from Virginia
moves that we concur, and grant another com-
mittee of conference, and that that committee be
appointed by the Chair.
Mr. DAVIS. I propose that the matter go to the
same commit tee of the Senate. Their work is sat-
isfactory to the Senate.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope not. That would not
be risht. The House lias appointed a new com-
mittee. One of the objects, is to get a different set
of men upon the committees.
Mr. DAVIS. I wish to have the sense of the
Senate taken upon my motion. I think it is due
to our committee that it be reappointed.
Mr. HUNTER. I think not. We are to have
■ committee pretty soon on the civil and diplo-
matic appropriation bill. I hope it may not go to
the same committee.
Mr. GWIN. I ask the yeas and nays on this
question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DAVIS. What is the question on which
the yeas and nays are ordered ?
The PRESIDENT. On the motion ofthe Sen-
ator from Virginia.
Mr. HUNTER. It is on my motion to con-
cur, and that a cojpmittee be appointed by the
Chair.
Mr. MASON. I submit to the Senate what the
example would be if the Senate, presumed to be
a more deliberative body than the other House,
should refuse to eo into a further conference with
the coordinate branch of the Legislature. That
is a state of things of all others most to be avoided.
Have they not a ri^ht to determine what is fit? I
do not know where thedifficulty lies in theHouse.
They have a perfect right to differ from us in any
legislative matter whatever. And here, on the
very first impression, because they have disagreed
to the report of the Committee of Conference, it
would be rather discourteous to refuse to accede
to their request to appoint another committee.
Mr. SOULE. I would be in favor of the mo-
tion of the honorable chairman of the Committee
on Finance, and would like to vote with him on
the question, if we were on an equal footing with
the House; but by the vote taken yesterday, when
the report of the Committee of Conference came
up in the Senate, we have ceased to be upon an
equality, for we have adopted the report presented
to the Senate by the Committee of Conference.
And now, how will the committee stand with re-
spect to that of the House? We are disarmed.
Mr. HUNTER. The wholethingis open again.
Mr. SOULE. If that be so, then I have no ob-
jection.
Mr. HUNTER. Certainly, that is the case.
Mr. DAVIS. I hope the motion may go to
the appointment of a committee merely, and not
to the appointment of a new committee, and leave
that question open.
Mr. WA LK ER. I do think the Senate will do
themselves great injustice if they follow the request
of the honorable chairman of the Committee on
Finance in the appointment of this committee, so
far as he is personally concerned. I think the
Senate has a right to demand that he shall go upon
that committee. He knows what the former House ;
committee was willing to assent to; anil he knowsj
what it objected to, and what it was that caused j
the principal disagreement between the two Houses
when the report of the committee went back to |
them. I am unwilling to submit the subject to a
new committee and have the chairman of the ;
Finance Committee left off at his own request.
Mr. BRADBURY. I would inquire whether
the appointment of a new committee necessarily
excludes all the members of tlie foi mer committee?
The PRESIDENT. The Chair can appoint
the same committee.
Mr. BRADBURY. 1 am willing to leave it to
the Chair.
Mr. HUNTER. I will explain this matter. It
will be seen that it is necessary to have a new
committee for this reason: that it having been com-
mitted, the chances are that it will be less able to
agree with the second committee than with the first.
For that reason it is usual to appoint a different
committee at the second time. 1 am willing to
serve in any way that the Senate wish that I
should. The only reason why I should go against
sending the old committee is, that I believe new
committees will be more apt to agree, and besides
that, if we appoint the same committee, we may
thereby delay action upon the passage of the civil
and diplomatic appropriation bill.
Mr. GWIN. I do not wish to load down the
chairman of the (finance Committee with extra
labor; but these questions, about which there is a
disagreement, are such that nobody can under-
stand them so well as himself, and nobody has
more of the confidence of the House and the Sen-
ate. Nobody can explain these matters so well as
he, in my opinion, nor so satisfactorily to the new
committee on the part of the House. I think it is
only necessary that he should be on the commit-
tee, and there will be an agreement. I do not
wish to put too much labor upon him.
The PRESIDENT. Does the Senator from
Massachusetts insist on his motion ?
Mr. DAVIS. I do not care about it. I am
willing to trust the Chair.
The question was taken on the motion to con-
cur in the request of the House of Representatives,
with the following result—yeas 43, nays 3:
YF.A3 — Messrs. Atchison, Bayard, Bell, Bradbury,
Bright, Brndhead, Butler, Ca~s, Charlton, Chase, Cooper,
Davis, Dawson, Dodge of Iowa, Dougls-, Downs, Fish,
Fitzpatnck, Fool, Geyer, Hale, Hainlin, Houston, Hunter,
James, Jones ot Tennessee, Mason, Miller, Morton, Pearce,
Pettit, Phelps. Pratt, Rusk, Sebastian, Smith. Soule, Spru-
anee, Sumner, Toucey, Underwood, Wade, and VVeller
—(3.
NAYS—Messrs. Badger, Borland, and Norris—3.
So the motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will reappoint
the members of the former committee.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill making appropriations for the naval service
for the year ending the 30th of June, 1854.
Mr. BADGER. Mr. President, I wish to offer
an amendment in relation to the basin and railway
in California, not from any factious intention, or
to bring up the question again which the Senate
has decided. I understand that the honorable
Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Mason,] and others,
voted against theamendment which was presented
last night because it did not in terms expressly
provide for carrying out a former contract, but
seemed to provide for a new contract. I wish to
submit this amendment, which is specifically con-
fined to the former contract, and just ask the vote
of the Senate upon it. I submit it from the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs: _
"And the Secretary of tlie Navy is hereby directed to
complete and to carry into execution the verbal contract for
a ba^in and railway in California, in connection with the
floating dry-dock, as made by the late Secretary in pursu-
ance of authoritv*r that purpose given by the act of Sep-
tember 28, 18.30, entitled 'An act making appropriation for
the naval service for the year ending the 30th of June, 1851,'
and as slated in the letter of said Secretary addressed to
the Hon. Howell Cobb, Speaker of the Hou-e of Repre-
sentatives, and dated tlie 21st of January, 1851, towards
tlie execution of which $150,0110 is hereby appropriated :
Prodded, That in the judgment of the Secretary said ba-
sin and railway are necessary and will be useful to the pub-
lic service."
Mr. BRODHEAD. Does the Chair rule that
amendment out of order?
The PRESIDENT. No, sir; no point of order
has been raised.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Mr. President, however
much this amendment may be disguised, it is the
third application for the same thing. I say there
are three decisions of this body against this very
proposition, as will be seen by a reference to the
record. This is a request for between §800,000
and $900,000 for a basin and railway, against
which the Senate has three times decided, as 1 will
now show. Sir, in the Navy appropriation bill
of 1851, 1 find this clause:
"For completing the dry dock in California, $150,000,
nnd the Secretary of the Navy is hereby required so to
modify tlie contract alleged to have been made on the 17th
of January la-n as to confine the same to the construction
01 a floating dock alone, without the basin and railway."
Here the Senate and the House of Represent-
atives decided in 1851 that the dock was sufficient
in California, without the basin and railway; and
this law was passed in pursuance of the recom-
mendation of the then head of the Navy Depart-
ment.
That is one decision. At the last session this
subject was fully argued. This application for a
basin and railway, for $800,000, was fully dis-
cussed in this body and voted down. The appli-
cation was more than once presented.
Mr. GWIN. It was talked down at the last
session.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I believe that a vote was
taken by yeas and nays.
Mr. GWIN. If the Senator will permit me,
I will state that the Senator from Rhode Island,
[Mr. Clarke,] got up and showed a great pile of
papers and documents, which he said he would
refer to in the discussion, and the Senator from
North Carolina, and the friends of the measure,
then gave up and let the question be taken.
Mr. BRODHEAD. The question was taken
by yeas and nays, according to my recollection,
and it was discussed during the first part of the
session, for I recollect making three speeches
myself, and that was quite enough. That was the
second decision in the Senate. Whether there
was much discussion or not, the vote was taken,
and I am right, therefore, in saying there was a
decision in this body by the yeas and nays.
The question was again presented last evening,
and was again voted down. And now, for the
fourth time, it is here. How often are we to have
it? How often is this body to be called upon to
decide whether they will have a basin and rail-
way in California, in connection with this dock?
The dock is there, and it is now used by the con-
tractors under a most favorable lease for three
years. They are now using it for the benefit of
the mercantile marine. If they are not using it,
all I know about it is, they have taken the lease,
and the contract has tieen sent to the Senate. I
will read the law under which they obtained that
lease:
" And said dock may be used for all tlie purposes of
repairing merchant-ships, when not in use by tiie Govern-
ment, in such manner, for such compensation, and upon
' such terms and conditions as shall be prescribed by tlie
Secretary of the Navy."
The Government paid §610,000 for the dock in
California. It was leased to the contractors under
this law of tlie last session. My friend from Rhode
Island says it is a profitable lease to them. He
stated last night that it was worth $50,000 to them,
and that he would give that sum for it. These
contractors, sir, have received large sums of money
from the Government. They have received, as I
have shown, $3,078,000 for building these kind of
structures. They have received—included in that
amount—$610,000 for the dock in California. Con-
gress, in 1851, decided that the Secretary of the
Navy should make a contract for the construction
of the dock without the basin and railway. That
decision has been twice sanctioned since. Why,
then, press this matter upon Congress any more?
I do not wish to occupy the time of the Senate at
this late period. I have some facts that I could
: present, but I will not present them now. I only
refer to the record, which shows a decision three
times against this measure, and that is enough.
Mr. BADGER. I am very sorry that the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania chose to go into the dis-
cussion of this subject again. I thought it had
been very fully discussed before.
1 Mr. BRODHEAD. So did I.
Mr. BADGER. I want no discussion. I stated
expressly that I did not bring it forward with any
view or intention to discuss it. But as there was
some objection to the former proposition, I wished
merely to submit it in a new form, and have the
vote of the Senate upon it. The Senator rises
1 with as much urgency as if we had never heard
of the dock before. If I bad time, I could refute
everything the Senator has said. He says that
in 1851 Congress decided against the dock. If he
