1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1067
that the question is not doubtful as to what is the
effect of the language used in expressing the in-
tention of the two nations at the time of annexa-
tion.
Then the effect of the amendment would be to
allow the officers—1 mean nothing in dereliction of
their nimracter, because 1 never heard anything to
detract from theircharacter—who left your own ser-
vice to go into a foreign  ervice, to come back, out-
ranking those who had devoted all their time and
ail their energies lo the service of their own coun-
try. That would bean act of great injustice tothose
off.cers who remained. But without going further
into tins, allow me to say, that bringing this prop-
osition here on the last day of the session as an
amendment to the appropriation bill, when it is a
controverted matter, is, to say the least, a bad pre-
cedent. 1 could not vote for it, even if I was in
f.ivor of it, underthese circumstances. Thepropo-
si;;on which is offered by the Senator from Mary-
land is one that requires some consideration be-
fore it is acted upon. 1 admit that 1 am willing to
compensate, in a proper mode, those officers of
the Texan navv who are still alive, or, if you
please, the children of the deceased officers who
have died since the annexation of Texas, if it is
supposed that they have any equitable claim on
this Government in consequence of the union of
the two States and the incorporation of the Texan
navy with our own. I am rather inclined to think
that as the agreement did not stipulate anything
for these officers, and as their widows and children
would be the more dependent, they would come
fairiv before you with a claim for compensation.
But the mode of that compensation is one that
cannot be decided without some consideration. I
could never agree to place them in the principle of
pensioners upon the Navy of this country, on the
same basis as that of the officers of our own Navy
on leaTe of absence. I might perhaps agree to
give them a compensation if a bill was brought
forward, and especially if that compensation were
given on such principles as to meet my own judg-
ment. I mention this only as showing that this
question requires consideration; that as an amend-
ment to this bill, it is out of place. I cannot vote
for the amendment of the honorable Senator from
Texas, or the amendment to ihat amendment pro-
posed by the honojgkle Senator from Maryland,
although I might ap-ee to the principle of that
amendment that a compensation should be made;
but there is no time now to consider it.
Mr. SMITH. The amendment to the amend-
ment is a proposition to pension the officers of
the Texan navy. I am entirely opposed to it If
they are entitled to any consideration, they are
entitled to be admitted into the Navy, and 1 am
utterly opposed to pensioning these officers.
.Mr. GWIX. Let us have the question.
Mr. RUSK. I think they are entitled to their
commissions in the Navy, and \herefore I will
vote against the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. BRADBURY. 1 think the amendment is
calculated to embarrass the true proposition of
the Senator from Tex«s. I think it is but fair
that the question should be taken unembarrassed.
Again, there may be those who are in favor of
one who would be opposed to the other. I think
the amendment to the amendment, and the amend-
ment, ought not to be adopted.
Mr. PRATT. I will state to the Senate that
the object of the amendment to the amendment is
to give to the late officers of the I exan navy, not
to exceed eight in number, the pay to which they
would be entitled if they were in our Navy, and
on leave of absence. They are to come into the
Navy as retired officers, with the pay which they
would receive as officers on leave of absence. It
is to prevent them interfering with our own officers,
and at the sime time it gives them the compensa-
tion justly due to them.
Mr. SMITH. I am totally opposed to this
mode of settling the question. It is a proposition
to grant a pension to these gentlemen for life; to
place them in the condition of pensioners for life,
while they will not render any service to the coun-
try at any time hereafter.
Mr. MALLORY. Is the question upon the
amendment to grant the officers a compensation?
Mr. PRATT. Yes, sir.
Mr. MALLORY. I trust this proposition at
least will not be adopted. TheNaval Committee,
in reporting the bill on the subject, proposed, upon
the ground that it was not an act of courtesy only,
but a strictly legal right, that they should come in
on the terms prescribed by the provision of the
act providing for the annexation of Texas. I do
not concene that it will be pensioning the officeis.
They do not appear as pensioners. They appear
here claiming it as a legal light to come into the
Navy.
Mr. WALKER. Is the question on the prop-
osition to attach these officers to our Navy?
Mr. PRATT. It is on the amendment to the
amendment.
Mr. WALKER. This, then, is clearly nothing
but a pension.
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment to the amendment, and it was rejected.
The question then recurred on the original I
amendment. J
Mr. FISH. I now offer an amendment to the
amendment. To add the following at the end of
the amendment:
-Ind provitled further, That those of the said officers
who were tormerly m tlie United States Navy shall take no
lusher grade or position tluui that vvlm-h ihey would now
occupy by due course of promotion, it they hud not lett it;
and that those who were not in the L'mled States Navy
shall take such a posiUon as the President may assign
tlieai.
That puts the amendment in the precise position
in which it was put by a majority of the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. RUSK. I hope it will be rejected. It will
render the amendment useless.
Mr. BADGER. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the amendment to the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. Hfling believed that
the act providing for the annexation of Texas
should have incorporated these men into our
Navy, I have ever regarded the proposition as a
liberal and just one, and shall vote for it with
great pleasure.
Mr. PEARCE. I have not heard any princi-
ple announced upon which the officers of the late
Texan navy are entitled to come into the Navy of
the United States. I suppose the only pretense
that they are so entitled which can be set up is,
that the resolution of annexation provided that
Texas, after ceding to the United States all public
edifices,fortifications, Sfc., navy, navy-yards, &;c., shall
retain all her public lands, Sfc. Now, sir, although
we may cede territory and jurisdiction, I never
heard of such a thing as ceding the officers of an
a>my or of a navy. 1 think the term "cede"
clearly appropriate to be applied to territory and
jurisdiction over people, but not to persons in pub-
lic employment. Suppose Texas had had a num-
ber of negro si ives then in employment in her
navy-yard, would they have passed to the United
States under this provision, which cedes only the
things enumerated and "property pertaining to
the public defense?" You might convey negro
slaves, but not by such a provision as this. Tex-
as had no property in the officers who were in her
employment. How, then, could they be trans-
ferred to our service by such a cession as that in
question? 1 believe that if these officers are en-
titled, by the resolution of annexation, to come
into the Navy of the United States, they are so
entitled without the necessity of any action by
Congress. If the resolution of annexation recog
nizes that fact, we need have no legislation on the
subject. But it does not recognize that fact; or
at least so the Judiciary have decided. The Su-
preme Court, in the case of Brashear, so decided.
He petitioned the court for a rule on the Secretary
of the Navy to show cause why a mandamus
should not issue, commanding him, as Secretary
of the Navy, to pay him what was due to him as
an officer of the United States Navy, since the
annexation of Texas.
The court, in the opinion delivered by Mr. Jus-
tice Nelson, said, that it was not pretended that
there was any express stipulation for the admis-
sion of officers of the Texan navy into that of the
United States, and that it was only claimed as a
result from the clause to which I have referred.
The court were o> opinion that the clause in ques-
tion related solely to the ships-of-war and their
armament belonging to the navy of Texas; that
the resolutions of annexation did not refer to per-
^ sons holding public employment in Texis, or to
any provision for that class of persons, and that
while the phraseology was appropriate for trans-
ferring to the United States the military and naval
property of Texas, it was exceedingly unfit to
embrace public officers.
It has been judicially decided, then, that, the res-
olutions of annexation did not transfer the naval
officers of Texas into the Navy of the United
States. Upon what pretense, then, can this prop-
osition be urged ? It would be doing the grossest
injustice to the officers of our Navy who have
served the country faithfully and gallantly. I sup-
pose that the measure, if successful, would result m
the giving of back pay to the gentlemen whom it is
proposed thus surreptitiously to introduce into
our Navy. Sir, I declare to you that I shall look
upon it as a great outrage upon our Navy, if this
thing be done, while it will be utterly without any
reason.
Mr. WALKER. I concur with the Senator
from Maryland, that if we can be deemed to rest
under any obligation to attach the officers of the
Texan navy to the Navy of the United States, it
must result from the clause in the resolution of
annexation to which he has adverted. Now, sir,
I suppose that clause in the resolution of annex-
ation has been complied with upon the part of Tex-
as; but do we find anything in the action of
Texas which amounts to the cession of these gen-
tlemen to us as a part of the official corps consti-
tuting the Navy of the United States? The reso-
lution of annexation provided that Texas should
cede to us her navy, her dock-yards, and all that
is pertinent of that kind,to our Navy; and hence
it is adduced that as we acquired her navy, we
therefore acquired the men constituting the navy
of Texas, and that they have a right under that
clause in the resolution of annexation, to claim a
position in the Navy of the United States. That
resolution imposed a duty upon Texas. Texas
was to be the active party in this matter. Texas
was the party to make the cession of whatever
that clause in the resolution of annexation re-
quired to be done. Now I suppose she has com-
plied with the terms of the resolution of annexa-
tion. She has ceded to the United States whatever
that clause of the resolution of annexation required
her to cede. But did Texas ever think she was
required by that clause to cede her officers to the
United States? I believe not. Did the United
States ever demand of her that she should cede
these officers to the United States, in a manner to
make them a part of the naval establishment of
the United States? 1 presume nobody ever heard
of that. Yet gentlemen say that under that clause
of the resolution of annexation, these gentlemen
equitably become attached to the Navy of the
United States.  This is claimed by a gentleman
with whom I almost always sympathize. But
we do not appear to sympathize on this subject.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I think the Senator
totally misapprehends me. I did not say that the
resolutions of annexation did so apply; I said that
they ought to apply in that manner.
Mr. WALKER. Upon that ground I cannot,
for my life, sympathize with the views of the gen-
tleman from Iowa. Why ought it to have been
applied in that way, that they should be attached
to the Navy of the United States? Suppose it
should become a part of the policy of the United
States to annex other countries to this; supposethe
Central American States at some day be annexed,
and should have navy-yards to cede; and sup-
pose Canada should have an independent navy,
and should be annexed, would it not be deemed
most strange that in admitting to our embrace these
various countries, we should be required also to
bring in their navy-yards; and notonly theii arm-
aments in the way of guns and ships, &c., but
should be required toaduiitalso their whole official
corps into our naval service? It seems to me my
friend from Iowa is mistaken. I cannot conceive
why we ought to have received these officers of the
Texan navy. And if it should have been done in
their case, why should it not be done in every case
which may occur? What kind of a naval estab-
lishment should we have after a time, if such a
practice were adopted ? Why, we should have of-
ficers from every country which might be annexed
to the United States attached to our naval estab-
lishment.
Mr. DOWNS. It may be true, as the honor-
able Senators from Maryland and Wisconsin
have alleged, that it is not expressly " nominated
in the bond" that these officers should be admitted
into the Navy of the United estates. 1 do not
understand that to be the question; for if it was,
