1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1069
Indeed, it was never dreamed of; nobody ever sup- '
that in consequence of the annexation of !
Texas we were to have the officers of the Texas
navv thrust into our own corps.
Now, what are we called upon to do? First,
however, let me say that these officers were not,
as the Seuator from Louisiana supposes, gallantly
lighuns the battles of their country at the time of
annexation. A resolution of the Legislature of
Texas had been adopted in 1840, directing that her
ships should be laid up in ordinary. Practically,
her navy had been abandoned at the time of the
passage of the resolutions of annexation.
Now, what is it we propose to do ? Practically
to put a body of men into commission as officers
of the Navy of the United States, not in a manner
acknowledged by the Constitution, not by the
nomination of the President, and by the advice
and consent of the Senate, but by a legislative act
perverting the Constitution and taking away from
the President his principal executive and constitu-
tional authority. Sir, this is most extraordinary,
as it seems to me, and 1 should be glad to hear
some of the able lawyers and judges on this floor
esfiain this matter at large. To me it is as clear
as a ray of light, that what we are about to do is
not only wrong in its policy, and in violation of
the principles of justice towards the officers of our
Navy, but it is unconstitutional. And all this we
are about to do without discussion, because it is
the last day of the session, and we have not time
to discuss it. Sir, I will not purposely delay the
Senate, or consume the time by speaking against
time; but I hope every Senator will express his
opinion fully upon the subject. If nobody pro-
poses to consider it further, I shall, before the vote
is taken, claim the privilege of saying anything
else which may occur to me upon the subject.
Mr. MILLER. I wish to call the attention of
the Senate to one or two facts to show the great
injustice of this measure, if it be adopted, to the
officers of our Navy. 1 have examined the Navy
Register for 1839, and I find that Commodore
Moore, then a lieutenant, stood next to Lieuten-
ant Sinclair. If he had remained in the Navy of
the United States from that time till this, he would
now stand number thirty-nine of the lieutenants,
and next to Lieutenant Sinclair. If this bill be
passed, and he is pl&ced upon our Navy list ac-
cording to the grade of a commission which he
held in the Texan Navy at the time of the annex-
ation of Texas, he will be placed over the heads
of forty-five lieutenants, ninety-seven command-
ers, and seventeen post-captains. If he had re-
mained in the Navy of the United States, and per-
formed his duty as the other officers have per-
formed theirs, he would be still a lieutenant. But
by this amendment it is proposed to place him
over the heads of gallant officers in our Navy who
were above htm at the time he left our service. It
seems to me that this result should make us hesi-
tate. We know that promotions in the Navy of j
the United States Me slow; and men who have i
remained in the Navy, and spent their lives in its
service, have had to submit to the slow chances of
promotion. If an officer once in our Navy thinks
proper to abandon the service and go into the ser-
vice of a foreign country under the hope of a more
rapid promotion, or for any other object, it would
be the grossest injustice to permit nim to return
again and take rank over those officers who have
remained during that time in the service of the
United States. The Senate, I trust, is not pre- ,
pared to do an act of such injustice to the United
States Navy. '
Mr. MASON. With all possible respect to the
opinion of gentlemen who advocate this measure,
it does seem to me it is one of the most extraordi-
nary propositions ever brought before the Senate. j
Sir, Texas was annexed to this Union by an act
of ordinary legislation, and we are told that by an
act of ordinary legislation we can bring amongst
the officers of our own Government a body of men
belonging to Texas at the time. How can these
gentlemen be brought into the Navy without a
nomination by the President of the United States,
and a confirmation by the Senate? If there were
no otlif-r objection, it seems to me that would be
a paramount one.
Mr. RUSK. That must be done; they can be
brought in in no other way.
Mr. MASON. I do not know the terms of the
amendment, but I do not see how the ingenuity of
man can invent a mode by which we can take
them into our Navy without a nomination by the I
President, and a confirmation by the Senate. <
Mr. RUSK. Nobody proposes it.
Mr. MASON. How can it be done other-
wise?
Mr. RUSK. They must be nominated by the
President—they cannot be admitted otherwise.
Mr. MASON. Then we want no legislation
on our part. The President is the sole depositary
of that power, and if he can nominate them to the
Senate, let him do so. It requires no legislation
of ours to bring these officers in. But, as the Sen-
ator from New Jersey has said, it would be an act
of the gwssest injustice to bring them into our
Navy as is proposed. I cannot agree that they
are entitled to admission into our Navy by a true
and proper construction of the articles of annexa-
tion. "1 hey have my respect, especially one of
them, the only one I know. He is a gentleman
for whom 1 entertain the very highest respect. 1
know him personally; but nothing can lead me to
do what I believe wrong in itself, and especially
ttn act of injustice to a body of our naval officers.
Mr. MALLORY. In reply to the remark of
the Senator from Delaware, referring to the case
before the Supreme Court, if my recollection serves
me—though I have not examined the case for
some time—it was the case of Brashear against
the Secretary of the Navy, applying for a man-
damus to compel the Secretary of the Navy to pay
him his compensation as an officer of the Navy.
The Supreme Court's decision was based upon
the fact that the money from the Navy Depart-
ment is paid onl y upon a regular appropriation, and
cannot be paid out. No mandamus can go to
compel it to be paid out unless there is an appro-
priation.
So much for the legal question; now as to the in-
justice which the American officers will sustain in
this matter. What right have American officers
to complain, if the Government of the country, in
the annexation of a Republic like Texas, chooses
to stipulate, legally or equitably, that the officers
of the Texan navy shall come into our Navy?
What right has any officer of the American Navy
to set up his interest or preferences against those
of hiscountry ? None whatever. Theargument
is not worth answering. If these men come into
the Navy, they come in on the ground of right,
and not as a matter of courtesy. If this is placed
on the ground of courtesy, I shall vote against it.
Upon no condition of courtesy should these offi-
cers be allowed to come in. It is only upon the
ground of right that their claim should be sus-
tained. No courtesy should be admitted here.
Mr. FISH. I would inquire of the Senator
from Florida whether he considers it a matter of
right to bring into our Navy an officer who stood
as a lieutenant at the time he left the Navy, and
place him over the heads of one hundred and sev-
enty-three officers who were above him at the time
he left?
Mr. MALLORY. As to this matter of light,
you will all recollect that the first attempt to bring
Texas into our Union, was by treaty stipulation.
That treaty stipulation contained an express pro-
vision for bringing in these officers, and excluding
the executive officers—the Texas President, Vice
President, and heads of Departments were ex-
cluded. Then this provision for bringing in these
officers, and excluding other officers, is the start-
ing point. Has the condition of Texas in any
way changed so that she could alter her determin-
ation to bring in those officers? Were not the
officers occupying the same position when the
joint resolution of annexation was passed as when
the treaty was proposed ? And was not the obliga-
tion of Texas as great to bring them in when the
resolution was framed as by the treaty ? Neither
the condition of Texas, nor our condition, had al-
tered. When the resolution was agreed to, why
did not Texas include her officers ? Simply be-
cause there were so many details to be negotiated
in other important matters, that they laid it aside,
and trusted to the liberality and justice of the Gov-
ernment.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. HUNTER. I desire to make a report from
the Committee of Conference on the deficiency
bill. I will state that it is the same report that we
had last night, with three exceptions. One is that
we retain, instead of lose, the appropriation in re-
gard to the custom-house at San Francisco. The
second is, we retain instead of lose the appropria-
tion for surveyors in Iowa. The third is, we lose
instead of retain the assay office; and one word as
to that. The assay office was recommended in
the general reportof the Secretary of the Treasury,
saying that the sum appropriated for the purpose
was not sufficient to put up the Mint. The Com-
mittee of Conference had a letter to-day from the
Secretary of the Treasury, in which he stated that
the sum was sufficient. Of course, if the Mint is
put up, it will be useless to establish an assay
office. The Senate committee therefore gave way
upon that.
Mr. BADGER. I tender my hearty thanks to
the managers of the conference on the part of the
Senate, and congratulate the Senate upon the re-
sult of their labors.
The report of the managers of the conference
was read as follows:
That they have met, and after full and free conference,
have agreed to recommend, and do recommend to the re-
spective Houses, as follows:
That the House of Representatives do recede from its
disagreement to the 4th and 8th amendments o< the Senate ;
thatlhe Seriate recede from its 9ih amendment; that the
Senate concur in the amendments of the House of Repre-
sentatives to the 3d, 5th, 11th, and l*lth amendments of the
Senate; that the House recede from its disagreemenl to the
provision contained in the 24th line of the lllth amendment
of the Senate, and that the Senate concur in The other and
additional amendments of the Hou e to the said lUtb amend-
ment of the Senate; that Ihe Senate recede trom the 1st,
2d, 5th, and 8th clauses of its 13th amendment; that the
House recede from its disagreement to the 13th, 90th, and
22d clauses to the 13tb amendment of the Senate j that the
Senate concur in the amendments of the House to the 6tli
and 23d clauses of its 13th amendment; that the Senate
agree to the House amendment to the 1-ith clause of its 13th
amendment, with an amendment as follows : In line 25, of
pace 3, strike out the word " as" and insert" which;" that
the Senate agree to the House amendment to the 16th clause
of its I3th amendment, with an amendment as follows:
Strike out the 2d clause of the said amendment contained
in tinea from 7 to 18, inclusive; that the Senate recede
from so much of its 15th amendment as is contained in the
8th section ; that the Senate recede from so much of its
15th amendment as is contained in the 6th section, and sub-
stitute the following:
Sec. 6. Jlrui be it further enacted, That the time for re-
ceiving bids, under the act of 3d of July, 1852, for the erec-
tion of a Mint in California, be extended to the 1st of April,
1853, and that the sum of $300,000, appropriated by said
act, or so much thereof as may be necessary, shall be ap-
plied only to the erection and puttmg in operation a Mint
in California, and not to the purchase of any building lor
that purpose.
That the Senate concur in the House amendment of so
much of the 15th amendment of the Senate as is contained
in the 4th section ; that the Senate concur in the House
amendment ot so much of Ihe 15th amendment of the Sen-
ate as is contained in the 7th section, with the following
amendments : After the word " thereof," in Iine3 of House
amendment, insert the words " or at any assay office of the
United States." Strike out Ihe proviso in lines 8, 9, and
lUof said House amendment, and after the word " fine-
ness," at the end of said House amendment, add the words,
" And the said act, entitled ' An act amendatory of existing
Haws relative to the halt dollar, quarter dollar, dime, and
'halfdime,' shall take effect and be 111 full force from and
' after the 1st day of April, 1853, anything to the contrary
' notwithstanding."
The report was concurred in.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Hates, its Chief Clerk,
announcing that the House of Representatives had^
agreed to some of the amendments of the Senate
to the House bill No. 364, being a bill to estab-
lish certain post routes, and had disagreed to
others, and agreed to others with amendments.
The House insists upon its first, third, and sixth
amendment to House bill No. 350, and agreed to
the conference asked by the Senate on the dis-
agreeing votes, and have appointed Mr. G. W.
Jones, Mr. Haven, and Mr. Fitch, a committee
on the part of the House.
The House of Representatives have passed
Senate bill No. 612, being a bill to incorporate the
Georgetown and Catoctin Railroad Company, and
Senate bill No. 547, with amendments.
POST ROUTES.
Mr. RUSK. I ask the unanimous consent of
the Senate to consider the amendments of the
House to the post route bill. The House have
agreed to the amendment of the Senate establish-
ing new post routes, with an amendment inserting
a new route. The House agree to the 6th, 7th,
and 8th Senate amendments, and have agreed to
the 2d amendment with an amendment. The
House disagree to the 4th and 5th amendments of
the Senate. 1 move that the Senate ngree to all
i except the last, and insist on its 4th and 5th amend-
j ments.
I The motion was agreed to.
