1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1079
will listen, however, to what maybe said in its
favor.
Mr. WALKER. As the Senator from Mary-
land has remarked, a written report was submit-
ted noon this case upon the 14th of February last.
On the day when I submitted that report there
was a great ileal of hurry and confusion during
the mormnjj hour, and I intended then to request
Senators, when the printed report should be laid
on their tables, to make it a matter of special ex-
amination. I desired it to undergo the fullest
scrutiny; and I had more reasons for it than one.
These Indians reside in the State of Wisconsin.
At the last session of Congress, upon the report
of the Commissioner of Indian AlKurs, it was
proposed to appropriate to them $241,000. At
that time the true situation of the case was not
known, and it could not be known, for the reason
that the survey of the country which is now ac-
knowledged to have been ceded by them was in
progress, but had not gone so far as to give us the
requisite information.
In the report made at this session by the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, a review is taken of all
the treaties which concerned in any way the ces-
sion made by the Menomonees, and the commit-
tee came to the conclusion th^t the Committee on
Indian Affairs was in error, and that the Govern-
ment has all along been in error, in under-estima-
ting the lands ceded by the Menomonees in the
treaty of 1849. The committee refer to a map
which accompanies the last annual report of the
Commissioner of the General Land Office, on
which is laid down the tract constituting the ces-
sion now in controversy, and which is marked in 1
red on the map which 1 hold in my hand, and
which accompanies the report of the committee.
By actual survey, it is demonstrated that the coun-
try so laid down on the map, and acknowledged
on all hands to be the cession of 1848, embraces
5,32*3,240 acres. The maximum fixed by the
Attorney General and the President in the instruc-
tions to the commissioner who negotiated the
treaty was 3,023,800 acres. Without reading the
whole of this report, 1 wish to advert to a few
passages of it, in which the calculation is gone
into, and 1 will ask the attention of the Senate
to them. Let me premise, however, that the
commissioner himself, immediately upon the ne-
gotiation of the treaty, or as soon as he returned
with a report of his proceedings to the Depart-
ment, stated that he discovered, while in the coun-
try, an error in the estimate of the Indian lands,
which made a difference of a million of acres.
Subsequently an estimate was gone into at the
General Land Office of the quantity of land ceded,
and it was there ascertained, as near as the sur-
veys could make it known, that it amounted to
about 5,000,000 of acres. As i have remarked,
the tract which is ascertained by survey and laid
down on the map embraces 5,230,240 acres. Now i
let me read from the report: j
" At the time the treaty was signed, tbe chiefs of the tribe
claimed that they justly owned nearly eight million acres of
land in Wisconsin. They hive ever since claimed, and
still claim, the same thing; and that the Government has
dealt hardly by and has stripped them of this vast extent of
country, under an ostensible purchase of only three million
twenty-three thousand eight hundred arres. These com-
plaints and clamors have directed the attention of the proper
functionaries of Government lo the subject, wiih a view to
ascertaining whether or not they were founded in truth and
justice."
I wish now to call the particular attention of
Senators to what follows, to show the authority :
upon which the report is based;
*' Investigation has shown to the satisfaction of the Presi-
dent. the secretary of the Interior, and the Commissioner
of Indian Affairs, arid « f the General Land Office, that if
the Indiana claim too much, th« Government ha<« al-o taken 1
from them vastly too much, and has paid them for too hale. ;
J ii a letter of the present CommHMOiierof the General Land
OflW. which ha* been laid before the committee, the Com-
nii>fioner estimates the area of the cession at 5,000,0t>0
acre*. Thifc estimate is referred to with approbation by the
Commissioner of Indian \ffairs, in his report to the Sec-
retary of the Interior, of the 23d of April, 1851. This last
report ha* been af proved by the Secretary of the Interior
and the President, a« evinced by the two letters of the Sec-
retary of the Interior accompanying this report, dated re-
lively the 12th and 16th of July, 1852. Upon a map ;
a?eon<panying the annual report of the Commissioner of i
the General Land Office, for the last two years, a district of !
country is laid down as the i Menoinonee cession o f October
]>\ 164*,' which embrace*, upon actual survey, 231 town-
s-Iiip-, or 5.322/210 acres. Within this tract is embraced
abnin 92,0)0 acieaof the cession of 1836, on the east side
of the Wtfcomun river, which being deducted from the
above aggregate, leaves 5,230,240 acres as the acknowledged
amount of the cession of 1848. The committee submit a
copy of this map with their present report, having colored
the district or tract just mentioned with red."
I now wish the Senate to look further and to see
that the land thus described is not the only land :
which these Indians owned in that country and
for which they have not been paid. The report
proceeds:
" But it may be asked, by what authority is ihe Menom-
onee cession extended north of the southern line of the
Chippewas, a-5 est.iblis.htd by the treaties of the 19th ot'
August, 18*25, and the 11th of August, 1827:"
This was the principal difficulty which met the
Attorney General in investigating the subject; and
it seems to me that he must have investigated it
rather superficially, or lie would have seen that he
did the Indians great injustice in fixing the max-
imum of their lands at the amount at which he
did fix it. The report gives the answer to this dif-
ficulty:
44 The answer is a plain one. By those treaties the most
southerly point of the southern line of the Cluppevvas was
fixed at the (Mover Portage ot the Wucoumh river. By
tv\o treaties made with Ihe Menomonees since tNfc treaties
of lS2o and 1821, the Government lias conceded that it did
not consider the Menomonees bounded on the north by the
southern line of the Chippewas. By one of the e treaties
(8th ot February, 1831) the Menomonees are permitted to
carry their northern boundary as far north as the head of
the Menoinonee river ot Green Bay, as shown on the map
above alluded to; and by the other, (3d ot September, 1838,)
the Government actually made a purchase from the Me-
nomonees of 184,001)acres or land Iving three miles on each
side of the Wisconsin river, and extending north fiom the
Plover Portage, or southern extreme ot the Chippewa hue,
a distance ot nearly forty miles."
I think that inasmuch as the Government itself
recognized the right of the Menomonees beyond
the alleged Chippewa line, by purchasing lands
from them north of that line, it cannot, at this late
day, reverse that decision. The report goes on:
44 From this it is manifest that the Government has never
restricted the Menomonees on the north, to the southern line
of the Chippewas ; nor have the Menomoneesever deemed
themselves so restricted. They had the ht^i ot reasons lor
supposing the contrary. Not only had the Government al-
lowed them to bound their country tar north of that line, but
it had fully recognized their title by making a puichase and
accepting a cession from them north of it.
44 It will be perceived, by reference to the map herewith
submitted, that the Menoinonee cession, indicated in red,
lies entirely east of the Wisconsin river."
That portion of the Territory east of the Wis-
consin river, which all admit to havebeen ceded by
the Menomonees, is the tract which I have already
stated as amounting, according to actual survey,
to 5,230,240 acres.
4* But in point of fact, did not the Menomonees, at the
dale of the treaty of 1848, also own the country west of
that river to Black river, and north of the Manoy or Lem
onweir river, as indicated by the tract colored on the map
with green? The committee is of that opinion, and for the
following reasons :
" By the 8th article of the treaty of the 19th of August,
1825, tbeMenomonees claim Black river as their we? tern
boundary. Th.s claim was made in the presence of the
Government commissioners, and the delegates of the
Sioux, Chippewas, Sacs and Foxes, Iowas, Wmnebagoes, i
Ouowas, and Pottawatomies, and was disputed by neither.
In tbe treaty of the 8tH of February, 1831, they extend their
boundary even further west—making the Chippewa river
their western boundary; and tor a southern line, we«*t of
the Wisconsin, they take a line from the rnouth of the Chip
pewa, across Black river, to the forks of the Manoy (now
called the Lemonweir) river, and down that river to the
Wisconsin. But iirmtingtliem to Black river on the we-.t,
and by the southern line and the Manoy, a^escrihed in
the treaty of 1831, we find them to have been entitled to
1 this additional tract of land, between the Wisconsin and
Black rivers, amounting to 108 townships, or 2,4e8,320
acres ; which added lo 5,23J,240 acres ea-t of the Wiscon-
sin—and which is now conceded to have belonged to the
.Menomonees—and the amount of the cession of 1848 would
appear to have been 7,718,560 acres. The committee has
searched in vain to find any act of the Menomonees by which
they have ever divested themselves, or been divested, of
this Wisconsin and Black river tract. On the cont ary
of such a fact, the committee finds that the Government
expressly recognized their title west of the VWcoiimu,
by the purcha-e from them in 1836 of about 92,000 acres
ol land west of that river. The Menomonees have never :
ceased to claim this tract of country ; and both before and
at the time of making the treaty of 1848, Oahkosli, the head
chief ol the Menoinonee*., and both a good and sensible
man, claimed that his tribeovvned nearly 8,0' 0,000 acrt sin ,
Wisconsin. Tt was in view of tins continued claim that
the Attorney General, to whom this matter was referred be- i
fore the treaty of 1848, used the following language in his I
opinion given on the occa ion of that reference:
" 4 They (the Menomonees) may cro>s the Wisconsin \
i river into the territory claimed hy the Winnebagoes, and
4 show a title better than theirs, if tkey have oveS
"To show this better title, what more could an Indnn
say than this: 4 In 1*25 we claim'*,I to Black over, in the ,
4 presence of our white brother and the Winnebago, and ;
• ' neither disputed our claim ; we have occupied and bunted j
4 over the country ever since, until IK36, wneti our Great 1
4 Father, wanting a part of this country, applied to uh to
! 4 buy, and not to the Winnebago; and we, and not the
i 1 Winnebago, sold to our Great Fattier. From 1833 to the
| * present hour we have conunued to occupy what we did ,
4 not then sell. Our camps were there and our families
1 were there, when our warriors went forth to assist you m
4 your battles against the Winnebago; vet you will say
4 our title is no better than the Winnebago's, when he only
4 came upon our country by sufferance or u-urpation, and,
4 by hi* ciattand intrigue, induced you to buy from him
1 what belonged not to him but to us.' "
Mr. President, those who know thecharacter of
the Winnebago Indians, know that when they have
made a treaty with the Government and obtained
their money, they drink it up, ami then, like a set of
pirates and robbers, they com mil depredations upon
the neighboring tribes. They commit murders and
various other offenses on the frontiers. The Gov-
ernment finding them belligerent and maurauding,
goes and treats with them again, and inorderthat
they may appear to get some consideration, there
is a pretense that land is bought from the Winne-
bagoes. Well may the other Indians stand aghast;
and the Government has more than once said to
some of them, Keep still, we are only buying our
peace with the Wmnebagoes in this way; we do
not care for the lands; we know that they were not
theirs to grant. My honorable colleague who is
not now in his seat, well knows the character of
the Wmnebagoes. When he was in authority, he
never allowed them to be on the lands of other In-
dians without permission, and if he found them
there he chastised them, as he had occasion to do
more than once; and I believe he had the assistance
of these poor Menomonees in doing it. But to pro-
ceed with the report:
" All this might be said by the Menomonee, and at the
same lime truly said. The committee, therefore, cannot
gainsay Ihe title of the Menoinonee^ to thn tract- What-
ever of usurped title the Government may have seemed to
recognize in the VVinnebngoes, the committee are forced to
the conviction that the Menomonees had a 4 better title than
theirs' to this tract of country.
44 The real amount of land ceded by the treaty of 1848
would appear, then, to have been, as before stated,
7,718,560 acres, while the maximum estimated and fixed as
j the basis of the treaty was but3,0*23,800 acres. The ditier-
| ence is 4,639,760 acres; and this difference the Govern-
ment has acquired without price, and the Indians have lost
without consideration, and are now without the power to
redress the wrong; for, by the terms of the treaty, they cede
all their lands in IVisconsin, whci ever situated.
44 The committee cannot, however, come to anv other
conclusion than that the Government did materially and
unreasonably underestimate the lands ol the Menomonees,
in fixing the maximum at 3,023,801) acre", and that human-
ity and justice alike forbid th.it the country should avail
itself of the enormous difference; but, on the contrary,
that these. as well as sound policy, would dictate the pro-
priety of readjusting the financial relations of the Govern-
ment with this ever friendly, yet now poor, helpless, and
defenseless people."
We come now to the other branch of this sub-
ject, for it has two branches. Not only were the
Indians' lands underestimated by the treaty of
1848, in consequence of ignorance of the surveys,
11 the want of knowledge as to the true extent of the
boundaries, but the price was not paid to the In-
, dians to which, as they contend, they were justly
! entitled, under the treaty stipulations of the Gov-
] ernment. The committee proceed:
} " What is shown to have been tbe loss of these Indians
in land, is not the only lo« they sustained by thn treaty of
1848, or rather by the manner in which its terms were set-
tled by the commissioner who ne otiated it. This brings
the committee to the second branch of the inquiry: Did
the Government, in settling the price to be paid, make un-
reasonable deduction from the rate or amount to which the
tribe wa^ reasonably entitled for what it did iti fact cede?
! " By the instruction5* to the negotiator of the treaty, he
was authorized to pay for a cession of the Menoinonee
lands at a rate 4 per acre not exceeding that paid by the Uni-
ted State* under the treaty with the Menomonees of Sep-
tember 3, 1836.'
44 Now, the rate per acre paid by the United States under
the treaty of 1836 was 18 9-10 cents. If the negotiator had
allowed at this rate lor even the underestimated maximum
of 3,0-23,800 acres, to which he was restricted hv his in-
structions, it would have amounted to $.571,498 20; where-
as he allowed but®'J50,on0 for the limited maximum, which
would be at the rate of but eleven cents and a fraction per
acre. Here, then, the Indians were subjected to a deduc-
tion and lo s, in the authorized price, of >'->21,498 *2' , sup-
posing them to have owned but the amount of land fixed
us the maximum.
'• But suppo-e ihpquantity of land to hive been what the
negoti.it.)r *ay  he di>covered it was wliiln in the country—
1 4,olio,000 acres; this, at the rate of the treaty of 1836, or
18 9 10 cents per acre, would amount to $756,000. The
amount leceived for this increased quantity was, likewise,
1 but £3 j0,000, showing, under tins btate of the case, a loss
to the Indians of 3406.0^0.
u And again: Suppose the quantity of land actually ceded
to be what it h e.-timated to be at the General Land Oflice
,  J,i)o0,000 acres ; linear the authorized rale of the treaty of
13 Iti, would amount to.$945,000. But for this still incieased
quantity the Indians were paid but ."$3>0,000, sustaining,
upon this bans. a loss of $.595,0M., Vm we have seen that
an actual survey lias demonstrated the fuct that the actual
quantity of land embraced in the tract east ot the V\^con-
sin river—confessedly the Menomonee cession of 1848-ig
5 -230 240 acres. This quantity, at the authorized rate of
