1080
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
18 9-10 cents per acre, would have given tlie Indians ij
515 36. And let they received for all this but the
sum often mentioned, or $638,515 36 less than the> were .
entitled to. tor their land east of the Wisconsin alone.
•'But concede the Menomonet! title to the country be-
twsen the Wisconsin anil Clack nveis, and the case t-taiuls
thn«: East of the Wisconsin, 5,230.210 acres; w c-t of
Ihc wi-consin, 0,488,320 acies; n>akin<r an aesreaate of
7,718,560 acres. This quantity, at 18 9-10 cents per acre,
would entitle the Indians to the sum of #1,458,807 84.
Deduct from this sum the amount paid, and the balance in
favor of the tribe would be§l,108,807 84.''
This may appear extraordinary, but I wish to
rail attention to the language of the report, which
explains it, and shows that it is not as extraordi-
nary as it appears:
•■The committee is aware that this statement of the case
seems incredible ; vet, as regards the quantity of land, they
would remind the'Senate that it is no more than the In-
dians have always claimed ; and as regards the price, it is
but what they received for their lands under the treaty ot
1836, and what the commissioner was authorized by his in-
ftriictioii:? to stipulate for l>v the treaty oi 1&48. \\ lint
makes the statement above -win incredible is, the enoinntv
of the difference between theestimated and artitu/quantity
of land ceded, and between the price authorized to be paid,
and that which teas actually paitl. Were the treaty now to
be made, it cannot be presumed that the maximum of land
xvould be estimated at a quantity less than 5,2311,240 acres ;
for tins is now known to be contained in the single tract
east of the Wisconsin ; and surely 18 9-10 cents per acre
would not be deemed an extravagant price for land of the
most fertile and beautiful character, when it is remembered
that within a vear the Senate has ratified a treaty stipula-
ting to pay about 60 cents per acre for land upon the St.
Peter's river, in Minnesota."
I think fifty-nine cents was the amount paid for
the country near the mouth of that river embraced
in the Half-breed tract.
" While it is thus clear that the maximum would not be
estimated at less than the quantity known to be contained
in the tract east of the Wisconsin, is it any less clear that
the maximum would be estimated to include the tract west
of the Wisconsin ? If so, it could only be in consequence
of some supposed superior title in the Winnebagoes. Title
in the Winnebagoes must be found, if found at all, in the
seventh article of the treaty of 19th August, 1825."
This was one of their marauding incursions
when they were murdering the people on the fron- 1
tier, and the neighboring Indians and the Govern-
ment was forced to treat with them. They claimed
land belonging to other Indians, and the Govern-
ment pretended to buy it of them in order to quiet
them.
"But it must be borne in mind that this article claims
also all east, to and including Winnebago lake, and con-
cludes with these words: < But for the causes stated in the
next article, this line from Slack river must, for the pres-
ent, be left indeterminate
44 In the next or eighth article of the same treaty, the
Menomonees dispute the Winnebago title, and claim, as
before stated, west to Black river. In 1831, they reassert their
title, and that, too, with the approbation or the Government,
while the Winnebagoes never again allude to their claim
to the country in question, notwithstanding they cede land
elsewhere to the Government by treaties of 1829 and 1832.
In 1837, however, without designating any particular local-
ity, they enter into this sweeping and comprehensive stipu-
lation with the Government: * Art. 1. The Winnebago
nation of Indians cede to the United States all their lands
east of the Mississippi river.'"
And this is what brought ruin upon the poor
Menomonees at that time. Under this compre-
• hensive stipulation a line was marked out, not by i
the consent of the Menomonees, but against their
will, or at least without their knowledge, which, ]
by a little bend, deprived them of a great part of
their country.
"Here, then, we have the whole of the Winnnebago
title or claim, so far as it conflicts with that of the Menomo-
nees, while the Menomnnee claim starts with the year
J825, is reasserted in 1831, and again in 1836, when they
sell a part to the Government; and from the beginning
down to the treaty of 1848 they are in possession and occu-
pancy of the country.
" The conclusion would therefore seem irresistible that
the Menomonee title to the country between the Wisconsin
and Black rivers was as complete as to any other part of
their acknowledged cession. If so, with the knowledge at
' present possessed upon the subject, an estimate of the
Menomonee lands would necessarily include the country
in question."
Then follows -a summing up of the case in
figures. I have desired that-the report should be
examined, and that any fallacy in it should be
pointed out, and the matter finally and forever
settled. The report briefly sums up the case in
these words:
" How then stands the case ? The Government has ob-
tained a cession of 7,718,.">60 acres of land, worth at least
as many dollars, after paving all expenses, for which she
has paid but $350,000. Here is a clear gam of $7,368,560.
The committee is not aware of any like speculation by the
Government in its negotiations with mankind, either sav-
age or civilized. And upon wlioni is this speculation
made? Upon a nation of reputed savages, once wealthy
and powerful,indeed, but now poor and helpless m the ex-
treme, but whose glory it is to boast that they have never
yet shed the blood or taken the scalp of a white man; upon
a nation of friends—earlv and long-tried, but still friends—
who from 1812 to the fast Indian war of the Northwest,
have always been found the firm and steadiest allies of our
country. But such has been their treatment in return.
Still, however, they faithfully maintain their plighted ami-
ty, and await, with hope, the justice of the Government."
Here let me say that the committee has given
up, in its report of the amount now before the
Senate, the entire district of country colored on the
map in green, and which amounts to 108 town-
ships, or 2,488,320 acres, and confine the estimate
to the tract east of the Wisconsin alone. In that
view of the case, the account is summed up thus:
The United States,
To the Menomonee tribe of Indians, Dr.
To 5,230,210 acres of land, ceded by treaty of 18th October,
1848, at 18 9-10 cents per acre .$1)88,515 3G
Deduct amount paid under same treaty,§350,000
Deduct appropriation for lemoval to
their pre>ent location  23,000
  375.000 00
Amount justly and equitably due from the Uni-
ted States to said Indians 
,513 36
That is the exact amount for which an appro-
priation is now asked, and it applies only to that
district of country west of the Wisconsin river,
excluding that between the Wisconsin and Black
rivers, and providing only payment for that tract
which is now conceded on all hands to belong to
the Menomonees.
Mr. PEARCE. It is no reflection on the intel-
ligence of the Senate to say that I doubt whether
they have been able to follow the honorable Sen-
ator from Wisconsin in his statement. Nor do I
1 think it is any impeachment of his clearness of
statement to say that they have not done so. The
subject is an intricate one. It involves the consid-
eration of several treaties, of various treaty stipu-
j lations, locations, changes of line, extensions of
] territory, all of which it is impossible to fully com-
1 prehena and follow out in an argument of this
sort, unless one has by some previous study,
qualified himself to understand it, and has maps
l before him enabling him to do so. As I under-
stood the claim last year, something like $241,000
were then asked, upon the ground that by the
treaty of 1848, made during the administration of
Mr. Polk, by Mr. Medill, the then Commissioner
of Indian Affairs, the Menomonee Indians had
parted with a larger extent of territory than they
supposed they were parting with. Then the claim
, was put on a double ground. First: they claimed
1 for the excess of land; and besides that, for the
; maximum price which the Commissioner was au-
thorized to give, eighteen and nine tenths cents per
acre, whereas in fact, the amount which he paid
I them for the land which he bought, or which the
; Indians estimated he was buying, was only eleven
| cents an acre. Then the claim was for the excess
of the land, not at the price of eleven cents per
acre, but at the maximum price which the Com-
missioner was authorized by the President to give.
I rather think that the Committee on Finance
supposed last year, and so did the Senate, that the
purchase made under this treaty was one in which
a sum of mpney in gross was given for a tract of
land descrtoed by certain boundaries; that the land
turned out to contain more acres than the Indians
supposed and more than the Commissioner sup-
posed. The allegation was made that before the
Commissioner concluded the treaty, he discovered
that the tract of land contained an additional num-
ber of acres, but made no allowance for it in the
treaty which he made with the Indians. The
Senate, however, then, considering that this pur-
chase was one made in gross, to be paid for by a
gross sum of money, were disposed to reject, find
did reject the claim.
Now, it is impossible, as I said before, for the
Senate to understand from the statement of the
Senator from Wisconsin, rapidly as that Senator
enunciates, all the circumstances which go to make
up the case on which he thinks these Indians are
entitled to this large allowance of $613,000. L
suggest that it would be much better if this amend-
ment were not pressed now when the Senate can-
not understand it, and when their inclinations
probably will be, as they should be if they do not
understand it, to vote against it; and that it would
probably be better to postpone it until the next
session, when we can have a full investigation,
and not prejudice the claim by a vote in the nega-
tive, as may be the case at this session. I throw
out the suggestion for the consideration of the
Senator from Wisconsin.
Mr. WALKER. I have such full and entire
confidence in this matter, that I wish to let the
claim be thoroughly investigated, that others may
see it as I see it, or be able so to perceive it as to
convince me that I am wrong, if I am in error;
for, sir, if 1 ever had a desire since I first breathed
the breath of life to be right, it was in this case.
Last year I opposed the appropriation as it came
from the House of Representatives, and 1 opposed
it with that vehemence which is usually my cus-
tom. The chiefs and headmen of the Menomo-
nees censured me for it—and they are very intel-
ligent people. The population living in the vicinity
of these lands also censured me; and they are my
constituents. Under these circumstances I was
forced to investigate the claim, and 1 sat down to
commence its investigation with a determination to
justify the opposition which I had made to it. I
believe it was Lord Lyttleton who took his seat
to refute the Bible, by writing a treatise to show
what he considered the absurdity revealed in the
Bible with regard to the resurrection. Before he
had progressed far, however, he became convinced
of the sublime truths of the Bible, and that the
right was on the other side. Not comparing my-
self to Lord Lyttleton or any other lord, or wish-
ing to be compared to one, but comparing small
things to great, I claim to be parallel to his case
with regard to the sentiments with which I sat
down to investigate this claim. I intended to write
the bitterest report that could be written, in order
to refute it. I went to the investigation of the sub-
ject with a determination not only to do that, but
to justify myself upon the face of the records in
the case. But before I had gone through with the
investigation, I became convinced, against my
feelings and inclinations, that I ought to report as
I have done, in favor of the claim. I submitted
my report to my colleague, and I submitted it to
the members of the Committee on Indian Affairs.
They have not examined it as particularly as my-
self, but they seemed to entertain no doubt as to
the claim. I do not wish to press the matter now,
and if themembers of the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs will consent, I will withdraw the amendment;
; and I will withdraw it unless they dissent.
Mr. BELL. I would recommend its with-
drawal.
Mr. PETTIT. Before the amendment is with-
, drawn, I wish to say that I have read with great
i care, and reread the report which has been made
i from the Committee on Indian Affairs. I know
| nothing of the truth of it, of course, but I must
! take it on their statement. If I am at liberty to
say that they have told the truth, the report is
I conclusive; and if I must act upon that, I cannot
, do otherwise than vote for this claim. If the facts
are other than as presented in the report, of course
it will alter the case; but I know nothing of them.
If I am at liberty to believe the committee in what
they have said, there can be but one way for me
to vote, and that is in favor of the allowance.
Mr. BELL. I would recommend to the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin to withdraw the amendment,
i I should be very sorry, by any vote that I might
give, or by any views that I might submit, to
prejudice the case, because that Senator seems to
state his opinion with much confidence.
Mr. PETTIT. I do not object to the with-
drawal, but I only wish to say, that if the amend-
ment is pressed to a vote, I shall feel compelled to
vote for it.
Mr. WALKER. I understand that the mem-
bers of the committee present consent to the with-
drawal of the amendment. I therefore withdraw
it, but with this remark: Let me recommend gen-
tlemen to get from their files this report. They
can find it among their documents, and they can
find there one of the maps referred to, and can
easily trace the lines. If they will do that, and
prepare themselves by the next session, I do not
think there will then be any necessity for debating
this question.
Leave was granted to withdraw the amendment;
and it was withdrawn.
Mr. COOPER. I have been instructed by the
Committee on Indian Affairs to present the follow-
ing amendment:
For the payment of the claim of Henry M. Rice, for sub-
i sisting the Winnebago Indians, removed by him in pursu-
ance of the contract with the Commissioner of Indian Af-
fairs dated April 13,1850, the sura of #24,330 72.
