1082
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
Mr. CHARLTON. It seems to me that the
Senator from Delaware is mistaken in supposing
that there is no difference between an individual
claim and a multitude of claims gathered together.
Mv friend should remember that there is as much
difference between those cases as between the in-
dividual man and the individual nation, or the in-
dividuals of a nation gathered together. In one
case it is the man, and in the other case the na-
tion. This amendment is not to provide for a
private claim in any sense. It is to reimburse the
citizens—and there are numbers of them both in
Georgia and Alabama—for certain depredations
committed on their property. I submit that it is
not sound reasoning to tell me that the claims of
such a number of persons, when gathered togeth-
er, and miking one aggregate, constitute a private
claim any more than in the instonce I have al-
ready put. I was present at the debate of the last
session, and I am sure that my colleague is right
in liia recollection; and I suppose the Globe will
authenticate what he said. It was then ruled out
because it was offered upon the individual respon-
sibility of the Senator from Alabama, and because
it was not offered by direction of a standing com-
mittee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair de-
cides that the amendment is in order, and he does
it upon his own impressions in reference to the
proceedings on this very point at the last session
of Congress, that the claim was then decided to be
in order, a question being raised.
Mr. CHASE. It is possible that I may have
confounded my own impressions. At the time when
the amendment was presented at the last session,
I objected to it as a private claim; and 1 cannot
be mistaken as to the fact that it was ruled out of
order. My friend from Georgia, however, may
be right as to the point on which it was ruled out
of order.
Mr. PETTIT. I do not rise to debate the ques-
tion or to take an appeal from the decision of the
Chair; but it seems to me that this amendment
appropriates a large sum, and that very little is
known of it. I cannot therefore let it pass with-
out the yeas and nays, and I call for them.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DAWSON. In order to avoid discussion
on the part of those who might seem to be inter-
ested, because they are in the neighborhood of
these claimants, I beg leave now to refer to the
Senator from Texas, [Mr. Rusk,] and to the Sen-
ator from Missouri, the President of this body,
[Mr. Atchison.] They have investigated this
case. I will not put it on the declaration or as-
sertion of a single Senator from a State interested
in this appropriation, but I hope that the Senator
from Texas and the Senator from Missouri, the
President of this body, will state their investiga-
tions of the subject, and upon their opinion we are
willing to rely.
Mr. RUSK. It has been some time since I
fully investigated this claim. My recollection,
however, is, that in the difficulties which occurred
between the Creek Indians and the citizens of the
United States, large depredations were committed
by those Indians upon the citizens of Alabama
and Georgia. For the amount of depredations
they presented their claims. They were decided
not to come under the provisions of the Indian
intercourse act. They presented their claims to
this Government, and pressed them for a length
of time; and if I am not mistaken in my recollec-
tion, upon the recommendation of General Jack-
son, a law was passed for the purpose of appoint-
ing commissioners to investigate the claims and
make report of the damages committed by the
Indians upon the citizens of Georgia and Alabama.
Under that law, the two persons named in the
amendment were appointed. They proceeded to
make the investigation. The claims were all sub-
mitted to them,and the proofs in the various cases.
They proceeded to investigate the subject, and
determined that depredations had been committed
to the amount whiuh is named in the amendment
offered by the Committee on Indian Affairs. The
claim was previously insisted upon to a much
larger amount. The "Committeeon Indian Affairs,
to whom the matter has been referred, procured
from the Indian Bureau these investigations, and
the proofs and report furnished by these commis-
sioners, which formed a large volume.
Mr. BADGER. My friend from Texas will
allow me to ask him a question. Did 1 under-
stand him to say that this appropriation was rec-
ommended by General Jackson ?
Mr. RUSK. Yes, sir. On his recommend-
ation a law was passed authorizing the appoint-
ment of commissioners to investigate the claim.
Mr. BADGER. And this appropriation is now
unanimously recommended by the Committee on
Indian Affairs?
Mr. RUSK. Not unanimously this time, for I
believe the Senator from Wisconsin was not
present at the time when we investigated the sub-
ject, and I do not know whether or not he assents
to the report. But it has been heretofore always
unanimously reported from that committee. The
Committee on Indian Affairs investigated the sub-
ject upon the proofs and returns of those commis-
sioners fixing this amount, and concluded to rec-
ommend the payment of it, as we did at the last
j session. The Senator from Missouri, who was
then the chairman of the committee, will perhaps
have a more distinct recollection of the subject
than 1 have. We thought it was just and proper
to pay for all the depredations committed, and
that although, technically speaking, these States
were not within the provisions of the intercourse
law, still they stood on the same footing of equity
and justice, and therefore the depredations which
had been committed by the Indians ought to be
paid for. That, however, was strenuously re-
sist'.*!, because the largest portion of the amount
would have to be taken out of the allowance for
the Indians. The committee, however, concluded
that the safer way was to follow the report of the
j commissioners who had been appointed under the
|! law, and therefore recommended the allowance
named in the amendment as due to the citizens of
Georgia and Alabama.
i Mr. ATCHISON. I have but a very few
| words to say in relation to this matter. I have
j been a member of the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs ever since I have had the honor of holding
| a seat on this floor; and I believe these claims are
i as old at least, or older, than the time I came into
j the Senate ten years ago. I have examined them
very often. They have been brought before that
committee at every session of Congress since I
have been here, and pifcir to that time. I came
to the conclusion upon the first investigation, and
my opinions were strengthened upon every suc-
ceeding investigation, that these claims were just,
and that the Government was bound to pay them.
Whether paid now or at some future session of
Congress, they are certain to be paid. There is
an innate equity in the claims that sooner or later
| will be made apparent. I am for paying them
now. I have always voted for them. I shall vote
j for them now without going into the details. The
Senator from Texas has stated the matter fairly.
I believe the claims to be just. I have voted for
them since I have been here, during the last ten
years, and I have always come to the conclusion
that the Government was responsible for these
damages.
Mr. CHASE. Mr. President, it is very obvi-
ous that the Senate is hardly in a condition to
decide upon the merits of any claim at this time of
the evening, and I think if the Senator from Texas
would yield, as the Senator from Wisconsin has
yielded upon a claim as meritorious as this in any
aspect of it, to an appeal to withdraw it, and pre-
sent it in a single bill when it would receive the
fair consideration of the Senate, I should be very
glad. I will ask my friend from Texas to with-
' draw the amendmentupon the same ground upon
which the Senatorfrom Wisconsin withdrew his.
i I do not wish to take up the time of the Senate,
but yet so strong is my conviction on this s^iect,
that I shall feel bound, if the amendment flfcer-
sisted in, to state at some length the grounds of
my opposition to it.
Mr. RUSK. If the amendment were offered by
myself as an individual, I would yield it in a mo-
ment to the pressure of circumstances; but I of-
fered it as the organ of the Committee on Indian
Affairs, and I have no right to withdraw it.
Mr. BAYARD. I wish to call the attention of
the Senate to the record—to the Journals—upon
the decision of the subject of order at the last ses-
sion. At page 583 of the Journal of the last ses-
sion I find 
Mr. CHARLTON. I call the Senator from
Delaware to order. The question has been de-
cided, and it is too late for him now to endeavor
to show that the amendment is out of order.
Mr. BAYARD. I want to refer to a single de-
cision on the very point involved in this case.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not in or-
der to discuss the point unless an appeal be taken.
Mr. BAYARD. Then 1 take an appeal from
the decision of the Chair.
Mr. DAWSON. Is not the appeal too late?
Mr. BAYARD. I think I am not too late. I
appeal from the decision of the Chair ruling the
amendment in order, no question having been ta-
ken on it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair ia
disposed to hear the proceedings upon this case.
Mr. BAYARD. I find on the Journal of the
12th of August, 1852, the following:
"On motion by Mr. Clemens to amend the bill by in-
serting:
" For payment to the citizens of Alabama and Georgia
for depredations committed by the Creek Indians on their
properly, and for other property taken by the troop* of tile
United States and the friendly Creeks in the years 1836 and
1837, $334,753, according to the schedule and return of the
commissioners appointed under the act of Congress ap-
proved March 3, 1837.
" The amendment being objected to aa against the rule,
the President pro tempore submitted the question for the
determination of the Senate whether the amendment was
in order, and it was determined in the negative—yeas 16,
nays 20.
Mr. BADGER. On what day was that?
Mr. BAYARD. On the 12th of August.
Mr. RUSK. On the 14th of May the commit-
tee reported in favor of the claim.
Mr. BAYARD. Yes, sir. That was on an
amendment to the deficiency bill, and then the
claim was voted down, and it was afterwards pro-
posed as an amendment to the Indian appropria-
tion bill. The question of order was then raised
and settled, according to the Journal, in the man-
ner I have stated; that is to say, it was decided
out of order.
Mr. BADGER. I should like to hear the yeas
and nays read.
Mr. BAYARD. The yeas were:
" Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Bell, Borland, Brooke, But-
ler, Charlton, Clemens, Dawson, Foot, Geyer, Sebastian,
Smith, Stockton, Uphain, and Weller—16.
'•NAYS—Messrs. Bradbury. Bright, Brodhead, Chase,
De Saussure, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Felch,
Hamlin, Hunter, Jones of Iowa, Mallory, Meriwether,
Miller, Norris, Pearce, Pratt, Spruance, Underwood, and
Wade—20."
I did not vote on that occasion. I presume I
was not present.
Mr. DAWSON. I presume the Senator from
Delaware has brought up the record for the pur-
pose of creating the impression that what I said
was not according to the facts; but, sir, the record
supports my statement. I stated that the Senator
from Alabama, [Mr. Clemens,] upon his own
responsibility, presented the claim as an amend-
ment, and it was then decided to be out of order;
but that when presented by the chairman of the
Committee on Indian Affairs it was decided to be
in order.
Mr. BADGER. That is the true distinction.
Mr. DAWSON. And such is the fact.
Mr. BAYARD. If the honorable Senator will
allow me, I will state that there was no question
of order raised on the first presentation of the
claim to the deficiency bill in the month of May.
The question of order was raised when it was
presented as an amendment to the Indian appro-
priation bill in August; and when the question
was raised the Senate decided the amendment to
be out of order.
Mr. BADGER. I want to understand on what
principle it is that this amendment, being moved
by direction of a standing committee of this body,
is supposed to be out of order. It is reported
by a standing committee of the Senate. It is not
a private claim. It never has been understood to
be a private claim; and the explanation given by
my friend from Georgia, of the ruling of the Sen-
ate upon a former occasion completely explains
what was then decided, and makes it entirely con-
sistent with the proposition now offered being in
order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment, the Chair having decided it
to be in order.
Mr. BRIGHT. Has the Chair decided that a
committee of this body, under the rule, have a
right to report a private claim as an amendment to
an appropriation bill ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair has
made no such decision, but he has decided that
this amendment is in order.
