1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1087
in the world, and have distanced their rivals. ■
More than that: it has given you twenty-eight or
tiiirtv steamships fit fur war purposes, without
situational expense to your .Navy, for one tenth
of the sum for which you could build and main-
tain them in your Navy proper. We owe it to
American industry and enterprise, to the hardy
citizens of our country, to maintain the system;
and we owe it to our national defenses, in my
opinion, to maintain it.
Mr. Hl'NTER. 1 said, and I suppose no one
will dispute it, that if these ships were to be con-
sidered as a speculation for postal purposes, they
]nd turned out to be a farce. W e pay upon this
Bremen route, how much ? One hundred thousand
dollars a ship; that is, $200,000 a year; and what
uo you suppose we receive in the shape of post- j
age's in return? Why, sir, for the year ending
last December the whole amount was §85,000;
less than what we p ly for one ship. But upon
what ground is it that the Senator fro.n Texas
re-its his argument : Why he says that it dimin-
ishes the cost of freight; that is, that if the United
States will build ships, or will pay to run ships,
it will dimmish freight. Of course it will. In
that way we could bring freight down to nothing.
If the United States would build ships and trans-
port freight for nothing, freight would be reduced
to nothing. But what was it that the Senator
said ! I understood him !o say that this system
had reduced freight bv a hundred millions.
Mr. RUSK. I said that a living charge for
freight upon the shipping of the United States
amounted to a hundred millions.
Mr. HUNTER. That is the charge for the
freight of the shipping of the United States. What
has that to do with the question? The whole
amount of freight in the United States—how is
that dependent upon our connection with this Bre-
men line? I apprehend that it would be mrh
more profitable for those private individuals, who
carry on the business of trading for their own pur-
poses, if the United States did not interfere.
Mr. RUSK. As a matter of course, the tax
upon the trade of the country will benefit them.
Mr. HUNTER. And of course, if the United
States would undertake to transport cotton freight
for nothing, the cotton planter would have to pay
less for freight. But I apprehend there is nobody
in the whole range of the southern country who
would propose to transport cotton in the ships of
the United States for nothing.
Mr. RUSK. No, sir.
Mr. HUNTER. Then I do not understand
the argument of the Senator, unless it be held that
because we contribute to the steamers out of the
Treasury of the United States, they are enabled
to transport commodities at a less charge. Unless
that be his argument, 1 do not understand what it
is. I maintain that it is not the business of the
Government to interfere in the trading business.
If this matter of ocean steamers could be vindi-
cated at all, it is upon the ground, that hereafter
it is to become profitable, and remunerate us in
the shape of postages. Have we not tried it long
enough to know that there is no chance for that?
I ask if the Senator from Texas does not himself
know that the owners of this Havre and Bremen
line admit that we can never expect to be repaid
by postage? I am willing to let them off their
contract, provided we can get rid of a policy which
I think mischievous. I am willing to do liberally
with the individuals, if we can do that. If I can
secure the triumph of a good principle, either in
policy or in morals, I am willing to pay for it, and
even lose something; but I will forever oppose any
attempt to extend the appropriation for the pur-
pose of running steamships at the expense of the
United States.
Now, in regard to the Collins line, was it not
predicted at the time we had the subject before us,
that the postages were to increase immensely, and
that we should be repaid by the postages which
that line was to bring in ? What has been our
experience? During the last year ending Decem-
ber, has anything been gained ? Here is the re-
port. The receipts do not amount in the whole
year to $250,000, and we are giving them between
eight and nine hundred thousand dollars a year.
What, then, is the gentleman's argument reduced
to? A mere matter of national pride. Now, sir,
I ask how can it minister to the renown, the rep-
utation, or the glory of our nation, to keep up, at
the expense of the United States Treasury, such
steamers, such enterprises as cannot support them-
selves? Sir, if we could open a new line of legit-
imate business, which would spring up and sup- '
port itself upon the legitimate profits of industry;
if it could be self-supporting and self-sustaining, 1
acknowledge that it would eminently redound to our
national honor and reputation; but as to this poor,
rickety enterprise, that requires the constant nurs-
ing of the Senator from Texas and the Post Office
Committee from year to year—they are constantly
growing more and more rapacious, and he is con-
stantly begging us to give them more—I ask how
we can take either pride or pleasure in contem-
plating such a policy? I hope we shall put an end
to it at once; and now we have afforded us an op-
portunity in which I believe we can do it, and do
it, I believe, to the benefit of the contractors them-
selves.
Mr. ADAMS. As I understand it, the claim
set up by the Senator from Texas is that the con-
tract entered into by this company does not pay
profit; or, in other words, that they are losing
money. The argument which he offers is that
the Collins line, on account of their losing money
by their contract, received at the hands of Congress
an additional sum. With all due respect to my
friend from Texas, 1 do not think it comports
very well with him to give that as a precedent
here. His influence in this body, the speeches
which he made upon this subject,and his position
upon the Post Office Committee, more than any
one man contributed to bring about the passage
of that law. Therefore, when he passes a law to
enable men to make money, when they have made
a contract, and he brings forward that argument
to lead us to give another appropriation to another
line, he first makes the precedent, and then calls
upon us to follow it.
I take it for granted that these gentlemen were
capable of making a contract. It will be recol-
lected that but a few days ago, my friend from
Iowa presented the claim of some surveyors who
had made a contract with the Government, and
had lost money by it—a sum of only about $2,000.
1 They were supposed to be capable of making a
contract for themselves, and the Government held
them responsible for it. But it seems that this
principle is to be departed from when thdemount
goes up to hundreds of thousands. I^^k the
Senate if it is prepared to deal out justice to the
citizens of the country in this manner? The only
reason given why the amendment should pass, is
that the line is losing money. Now, were they
not able to make a contract? Were they not able
to comply with a contract? If they had by their
contract made more than they expected, they
would not have thought of returning anything to
the Government, but if they lose, this Government
must become an insurance company to pay every
individual who has made a contract and loses by
1 it. Sir, we had better abandon these contracts
than do that. When these parties make contracts
with the Government, there is no good reason
why they should not be held to the contract you
have made with them.
But there was one argumentofthe Senator from
Texas to which my honorable friend from Vir-
, ginia did not attempt to reply. It was a very grave
argument. My friend from Virginia overlooked
it. The Senator says, that unless we give this ad-
ditional compensation to the contractors, the emi-
grants from foreign countries will have to pay very
high postage on their love-letters. That was one
of the seriousarguments urged by the Senator, that
these emigrants will have to pay too high rates
on their love-leaers. There is about as much in
that argument as in the other. I say there is as
much reason to hold these men to their contracts
as there is for holding men in the case of small
sums to their contracts; and I again call the atten-
tion of the Senate to the case from Iowa, precisely
1 similar in principle, in which we refused to grant
relief.
Mr. DAVIS. I have no disposition to go be-
yond the limits of the strictest justice to this com-
pany, but I ask Senators to consider some facts
which belong to its history. They are the pio-
neers in this country in ocean steaming. They were
the first company which deemed it expedient to
' make a contract of this description, and they come
before Congress necessarily under some disadvan-
tages, which ought to be considered.
Mr. HUNTER. If the Senator will allow me,
I think I can save him from the train of inquiry
which it seems he is about to pursue. Does he
suppose that the company is satisfied with this
proposition, or does he believe that it will do them
justice?
Mr. DAVIS. Of that I know nothing.
Mr. HUNTER. If that is the Senator's object,
I am informed that they would prefer to be released
from the contract.
Mr. DAVIS. I have had no communication
with the company, and am not informed of their
wishes, except as I learn them in this Chamber.
But I wish to make a remark or two upon the gen-
eral aspect of the case.
I say they were the pioneers, the first to build
ships of this description in this country, to cross
the ocean. Of course there have been large im-
provements made since, which tend to throw theirs
into the background in regard to public favor.
Their vessels are not vessels of as great speed, and
therefore do not recommend themselves so highly
to the public as those which possess the more
modern improvements. Still, they cannot afford
from their profits to throw the vessels away, or
to build others. I believe they have never made
a dividend, or realised any profit. The chair-
man of the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads can state whether 1 am correct or not.
Mr. RUSK. I understand that the statement
is coriect.
Mr. DAVIS. There is another fact connected
with the existence of this company that deserves
■ consideration. At the time they entered into a
contract they were required to touch at Cowes,
in the Isle of Wight, and there deliver a mail.
They were designed and intended to be the postal
medium of the United States between this and
England, as well as the Continent. But what has
Congress done since that? It has established the
Collins line. It has established this great and
powerful company, with their numerous ships
and more ample means, drawn in part from the
Treasury, to compete with the English line, and
; also with this. It has established, then, by its
own act in part, the competition which diverts the
mails which otherwise would fall into the hands
of the Bremen and the Havre line, and secure a
greater income. It is in a great measure owing
to the increase of the ships of the other line, and
the increase of postage facilities from the United
States, that the mail is diverted from this line.
When the mail has been diverted from them, and
put into other channels by an act of Congress, it
hardly becomes us to complain that the income
from this line is not so great as was anticipated.
But I wish to say a word or two in regard to
the general policy which we pursue on this matter.
I quite agree with the Senator from Virginia, [Mr.
Hunter,] that we should not enter into com-
petition in freighting; that it is not a very wise
policy on the part of the United States to ndopt a
system of that description; but I suppose that the
, United States will by no means esteem it good
policy to deny the right to those who sail ships of
this description to carry freight also. What has
been the effect of establishing this lir^e of certain
and frequent intercommunication with the conti-
nent of Europe, and especially with Germany? I
have no figures here upon the subject, and ( am
sorry that I have not;butit has inrieased greatly,
! perhaps more than twentyfold, the direct trade
' which has been so much and so earnestly sought
for by the southern part of the United States. 1
have somewhere seen a statement of that trade,
and I think I am safe in placing its increase at
| twentyfold.
Mr. BELL. It has increased from two to ten
| millions.
i Mr. DAVIS. The Senator says it has in-
creased from two to ten millions since this line
was established. If there is anything which the
southern country has aspired to with earnestness
and zeal, as a thing desirable to them, it is this
■ direct trade. There has been no means devised
! which so fosters and so cherishes such an increase
i as this steam communication Bui 1 beg leave to
make another remark upon this subject.
j Some years ago, the attention of the country
: was earnestly engaged in considering ftnd prnmo-
I ting the means of production; but another leading
I thoughthas sprung up, and instead of entertaining
I and cherishing the idea of production as a ruling
I policy, we have gradually turned our attention to
' transportation; and the genius of the country ia
!! exercised chiefly upon the single thought of trans-
