1088
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3.
portation. Instead of cherishing the attachment
long and ardently felt for domestic labor and the
encouragement of production, we turn ourthoughts
upon transportation alone, to the manifest detri-
ment of the great interest of labor. Some very
curious result* have sprung out of this particular
fact. We have gone on, with the help of steam,
cheapening and cheapening transportation by all
the means which human genius can devise. The
number of vessels and voyages have been increased
between this and Europe, until unanticipated re-
sults begin to manifest themselves, and the prob-
lem of free trade is likely to be worked out by a
process quite beyond the vision of British states-
men. The plan of free trade in England gathered
strength till it supplanted the old colonial system,
under which she had flourished for ages, till she
came to be the mistress of the seas, and her power
and impress was more felt and realized than that
of any other nation. Long and ardent was the
struggle, but the loom and anvil prevailed over the
ship and the plow. She flung off her colonies
to take care of themselves, when she invited the
world to become their competitors upon a footing
of equality. The great net-work which bound the
colonies to the mother was rent asunder, and fu-
ture reliance was placed upon her ability to pro-
duce cheaper than others. We were to be better
to her than colonies, because we were to subserve
the same purpose of growing raw material and
consuming her manufactures instead of our own.
Transportation was the natural child of free trade,
indispensable to its success, and pounds, shillings,
and pence allured sturdy old England from her
isolated freedom to depend on foreign cultivation
for her daily food. But the end is not yet, though
it is hastening.
Cheap transportation is inscribed upon the na-
tional banner. Steam by land, steam by sea, steam
everywhere. Men catch the whizzing tone of steam,
and whirl along as if worked by an engine. The
infection has long since reached us, and nowhere
else has the word transportation so completely
filled the public mind—nowhere else has England
found such an ally, so full of courage, strength,
and resources. To us it seems a trifle to carry
wheat, corn, provisions, five thousand miles, and
to bring from thence our horse-shoes, and whatever
else we need. Every nerve, every chord is now
stretched to its greatest tension to work out this
result, to help England on with her policy. But,
alas! statesmen grasp at shadows, which elude
them! Transportation is cheapened, goods, as
well as food, are carried at low rates; but goods,
to be cheap, must be made with cheap labor. The
cheaper food was to make cheap labor, and con-
stant labor was to bring contentment. But this
great plan of social reform may yet disappoint
the hopes of its advocates. Cheap transportation,
which was to make cheap food and cheap goods,
spreads its influence much wider, and one of the
largest and most successful branches of business
is the importation of human beings—men, women,
and children. Cheap transportation is a stronger
lure than the promised cheap bread, and vast mul-
titudes annually leave the United Kingdoms to
become, not sojourners, but permanent dwellers
elsewhere. Notwithstanding all the pleasing pic-
tures of popular contentment which adorn the
rhetoric of Parliament and the hustings, the great
current of emigration acquires new strength every
year. No such outpouring has ever been wit-
nessed as that of the last year.
We probably add to the population of the
United States half a million annually by emigra-
tion from other countries, the largest portion of
which comes from the United Kingdom, while the
same country is sending great multitudes to Aus-
tralia.
It is idle to contend that such a process can go
on without exerting great and lasting influence.
Such a drain of the young, the healthy, the vigor-
ous, the enterprising, those most competent to
labor, cannot go on without wasting the strength
and vital energy, not of England alone, but of
Europe. When the hard hand of labor fails to
apply itself, or its energy becomes feeble, the basis
of free trade crumbles to dust; and yet this process
has already gone so far as to create alarm for its
consequences. It has so diminished the laborers
in some parts of Ireland, as to change the course
of cultivation from cereal crops to grazing. It
already attracts attention in England and Germany,
and will soon be more seriously felt.
I said it was working out the problem of free
trade in a way not anticipated by political philoso-
phers. Little did Lord John think our ships would
be filled with laborers as well as goods, and that
this tide would swell though bread is cheapened.
Little did he dream that labor under the process
might be equalized—that it would rise instead of
falling in England, by diminishing numbers, and
be kept down here by the fresh accession of new
hands.
Emigration has hitherto been chiefly confined to
agricultural labor, but what is to hinder it in
eventually reaching the manufacturing class? It
is said it has touched iron, and this is one cause
of the advance in price. Many causes conspire
in Europe to allure laborers from their native land
to our shores, where they can become citizens and
freeholders, securing to themselves and their pos-
terity a more desirable and agreeable social condi-
tion. But I cannot, at this late hour of the night,
enter into and do justice to this subject.
But I may add that this process of equaliza-
tion is going on, and it goes on with a rapidity
that will necessarily produce striking influences.
These steamers, though not by direct agency, are
one of the most effectual means of accomplishing
all this—one of the most efficient means which
has ever been applied. They make their voyages
with extreme rapidity, and have by their influence
upon fares and freight, reduced the price of pas-
sage so low that almost any individual, who has
any means whatever, finds himself able to go from
one country to the other; and it is perfectly evi-
dent, when we turn ourattention to the large ports
of this country, that a very large branch of busi-
ness is the providing of ships for the transporta-
tion of human beings from the East to the West.
This rapid transportation, and the convenience
through the postal arrangements, has great influ-
ence on this subject; and now the question in this
case stands pretty much where the chairman of
the Post Office Committee places it. Will you go
on with this arrangement which, in some of its
effects, is certainly objectionable? Will you go
on with it, or will you surrender the postal neces-
sities of this country into the hands of a foreign
country to be provided for ? Is it not better, even
if we afer lose something by it, to insure the con-
venient, than to subject yourselves to the legis-
lation of a foreign country to impose whatever
postage upon letters and other mail matter it sees
fit? It comes down to that.
It may be said that the Collins line, together with
the other facilities which exist between here and
England, are adequate to prevent imposition; but
let me warn those who reason thus that there is
no safety in such a conclusion. There is by no
means harmony now between the Government of
this country and the Government of England in
postal matters. England seizes upon all the ad-
vantages upon which she can, lawfully at least,
lay claim to. There is, if I am correctly informed,
a discrimination made between the letters which
11 are carried by English and those carried by Amer-
j ican vessels, and which are addressed to theper-
! j sons upon the continent, but pass through Eng-
; land. There is a postage levied upon letters
carried in American steamers greater than when
carried in British vessels.
Mr. JAMES. There is a difference of sixteen
cents.
Mr. DAVIS. The Senator says the difference
is sixteen cents. I do not know what the sum
is, but there is a discrimination in regard to the
charges in the two cases, which is offensive in its
character, because the real design, whether it is
carried into effect or not, of the arrangement be-
' tween the two countries was, that there should
be an equality in the charges.
Then I think there are many equitable consid-
erations as well as that of policy, wny this pioneer
line, although it may not come up in completeness
to the Collins line, should not be neglected and
thrown out of employ by annuling the contract,
i or doing what is equivalent to it. This line has
been run at the expense of individuals, who have
made no dividend from the commencement down
! to the present time. Let it go on under the con-
j tract, and let us treat it liberally and fairly. It
I has done much to introduce a system which is
j producing such great results, and having done
much, let them be rewarded accordingly. While
I say this much, I repeat what I have said on
former occasions, that I am not, as a system, for i
! encouraging an arrangement of this sort for the
1 purpose of reducing freight. That is not my pol-
icy. I hold that to be an incident in this matter.
1 I voted, and must take my share of the guilt im-
puted to the gentlemen who voted for the increase
to the Collins line. I did that thing. I made no
speeches about it, but the grounds upon which I
gave that vote were two, distinct in their character.
One was, that I did not think it expedient to give
up the postal arrangement into the hands of Great
Britain. 1 thought it was proper, nay necessary,
to maintain some sort of arrangement of our own
between this country and European order to keep
postages down to theproper rates. That was the
first consideration. The next was this: When we
entered into the arrangement with the Bremen line,
every gentleman will bear me witness, if he will
throw his recollection back to that time, that we
were unacquainted specifically with ocean steam-
ing. We had no knowledge of it. We saw it
growing up in foreign countries; we saw it used
as the great means and medium of defense in war
and of protection in peace. We saw ourselves
behind, far behind others. Then we went into the
policy when we adopted this line, in order that we
might place ourselves upon a par in the knowledge
of steaming, and in the proper construction which
it is expedient to adopt to carry out the objects to
be attained. That was thegreat desideratum—for I
think every one who will cast his mind forward,
will see that steam is to be a great element here-
I after in the defense of this country. We went
into it for the purpose of increasing our knowl-
edge, our information, our means of defense.
Hence it was that we contracted with the express
provision that those steamers were to be fit for
[ naval purposes in case the country found it expe-
I dient to employ them. That was the leading
thought.
Now, Mr. President, since the year 1840, Great
Britain has had a line established between that
country and the United States. By one experi-
ment, by one exertion of skill in naval architec-
ture, the Collins line it is admitted hasjsurpassed
all the ships which had preceded them. The own -
ers accomplished more than was anticipated, and
they put in a claim here for additional encourage-
ment, as they had lost by the enterprise. It was
a great triumph, with the little experience which
we had in ocean steaming, to pass, by one step, be-
yond the examples which had been set for us.
And there we stand now, with regard to steam,
and in the perfection of naval structure for steam-
ships.
It was so great a triumph that it commended
itself to the favorable consideration of Congress,
and I think they had ample reason for doing what
! they did. If the country should unfortunately
be thrown into a war to-morrow, we would re-
alize enough out of the consequences which have
followed from the contract in the construction of
! vessels, in the improvement of machinery, and
J all the means and appliances which are indispens-
1 able to the country in the case of a war, to pay
j for what we have done. We have experienced
! enough to reward us for all theexpenses wnich have
1 been paid; and it was in view of such a contingency
that 1 felt myself justified in giving an additional
sum to the Collins line; and if it be necessary to
sustain this line also, I think it has claims, not
to be sure of the same character, but appealing
equally strong to the sympathy and support of
Congress. It is, I repeat, a pioneer line. It comes
before you under disadvantages. It undertook, at
a time when the experiment had not been tried,
the accomplishment of a great thing. It has done
it reasonably well; and now, when others have
learned from it to do better, it is no reason why
we should abandon it.
Sir, I have spoken a great deal longer than I
intended; but I have felt some sympathy with
j this line. It has sustained itself under these cir-
j cumstances, and I believe they are willing to con-
I tinue to run. It has done a great deal for inter-
j communication between the two countries. I, for
I one, am willing to continue to give it support.
Mr. BAYARD. I shall not detain the Senate
! long with the remarks which I have to make.
But I feel it due to myself, as I voted in favor of
; the increase of the appropriation to the Collins
line, to state the principal reasons why I think
; there is a difference between the appropriation
then granted and that just asked for now. The
I present amendment proposes to increase the com-
