THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE FICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
32  Cokbress, in Session.
THURSDAY, MARCH 3, 1853.
New Scrim No. 69.
penMtion to the lines of steamers runningfrom
the United States to Bremen and Havre. *Vhen
th-> qneotion came before the Senate on the in-
crease of the appropriation to the Collins line, I
viewed it as a national question. I then stated,
in the remarks which I made, that 1 would not
hereafter go for any extension of compensation
to any other line, unless it was a similar case.
The Government had adopted, whether wisely or
not it is too late to determine, the policy of estab-
lishing a line of steamers which it was supposed
would be made^raluable for certain purposes in
time of war, and in the mean time, during peace,
be used for the purpose of mail transportation.
The Collins line, running from New York to Liv-
erpool, had entered into a contract for the con-
struction of steamers to transport your mails
between New York and Liverpool—the ?reat line
of postal communication, not only with England,
but with Europe. The moment that contract was
made, a rival line previously in existence under
the patronage of the English Government, was
doubled in its service. In order to compete with
this rival line, the American contractors were
obliged to enlarge the size of their vessels to give
greater speed, and necessarily incurred greater
cost in the construction. Under these circum-
stances they came forward and asked of you an
additional appropriation. A new element, as I
conceived, had entered into the question after the
contract was made. There was a direct line,
which was supported in part by the treasury of a
foreign Government, established in opposition to
the Collins line, and we were called upon, under
all the circumstances, viewing the matter in a
national point of view, to increase their compen-
sation.
But, sir, I cannot perceive that this line stands
In the same position. I know of no foreign Gov-
ernment which has established a line to compete
with the Havre and Bremen line. And that was
the most material reason, in my judgment, for the
increase of the compensation in the other case.
The absence of this competition is a reason suffi-
cient to induce me to vote against this increase of
compensation. I might mention other reasons, but
as this is sufficient, f will base my opposition upon
this point, and will say that, until you can show
that a foreign Government is about to establish, or
has established, a line to run in competition with
this line, f cannot vote for the amendment.
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Davis,] if I understand him, supports
th i s amendment for rather an ex traordinary reason.
If I understand his argument, the tendency of the
maintenance of this line will be to cheapen labor by
encouraging emizraiion. 1 thought that the hon-
orable Senator was in favor of what is called a
protective system, because, aa they say, it will
increase the price of labor. I never believed that
the reasoning advanced to support the principle
was correct; bat ! had supposed that the ground
upon which it proceeded was, that it was to in-
crease the price of labor. Now I hear that this
protecting system is to be introduced for the pur-
pose of cheapening labor.
Mr. DAVIS. T'hat is not what I said. I said
that that would be one of its results, and I thought
that would be agreeable to the free traders. That
is all.
Mr. HUNTER. The free traders believe that
the best way to compensate labor is to throw !
everything open to free competition; that you se- !
cure them more comfort and more beneficial influ- j
ences when you expose our workmen to whole- ;
some influences from competition. That is the
doctrine of the free traders. I say, in relation to
what the Senator has said, that I desire emigration,
like everything else, to be conducted on the prin- !
ciple of free will. I do notsuppose that it would ■
be proper for us to build ships, and be at the ex-
pense of running them, for the purpose of trans-
porting emigrants here. No, sir; we will give a |
hospitable welcome to all that will come; but :
surely we are not bound to enter into the business
of building vessels for bringing them over.
But he says that we ought to support it because
69
j it is calculated to increase the mail facilities and
postal communications between different countries.
I acknowledge that it is beneficial to facilitate the
postal communications, provided it can be done
upon the self-sustaining principle. Is it not enough
that we have already taxed the Post Office De-
partment for carrying the mails beyond what the
steamers bring us in the way of receipts, but
must we be called upon to extend this principle
and pay for the carrying of letters to all parts of
Europe, for nothing, or next to nothing? Or are
we to adopt the other and better principle, that
we will leave the business to support itself?
But the gentleman says that we get paid back
for this by improvement in shipping, by im-
provement in machine-shops, and in yards. And
he says that if we were to have a war, the result
of that experiment would be that we would be
able to engage in the war under more favorable
circumstances. And, sir, how does he sustain
that proposition ? He says that the Collins line
sprung suddenly into existence, and that it eclipsed
all the British experiments that had been started,
and fostered by protection. How was it that we
were enabled to eclipse those British experiments
which had been founded upon Government pro-
tection? Was it not because our steam marine
had been reared upon the principle of free compe-
tition here at home, and without protection; and
that human ingenuity had been exercised in se-
curing to it the profits of its own labor, which our
mechanics had developed and started and sup-
. ported ?
Mr. DAVIS. I will ask the Senator if he thinks
any one of the Collins ships would have been
built if it had not been for the advance made by
the Government?
Mr. HUNTER. I have believed that if the
Government had not interfered before this time we
should have had mail-steamers as good, and per-
haps better than the Collins line, carrying the
mails wherever they would have paid. And I be-
lieve, that so far from being better able to go into
war on account of that experiment, and to support
the Navy, it has proved an incubus to theprogress
of the naval service. You have expendea money
in this reckless experiment which ought to have
gone to the Navy; and you have absolutely sent
ships afloat which have proved to be incapable of
naval purposes unless as mere transports. If, in-
stead of doing this, you had appropriated the
money to the Navy proper, to build screw-pro-
pdlers—which is the form that the steam war ma-
rine is assuming over all the rest of the world—it
would have been much better. So far, then, from
. contributing to our naval distinction, I believe it is
the reverse; that it has put us back, and we have
expended our money in the improper direction.
That is one of the reasons why I am unwilling to
go further. I believe that so far as the war marine,
the Navy is concerned, it has to be supported out
of the Treasury. That is a national concern; but
so far as these commercial enterprises are con-
cerned, either to transport passengers or commod-
ities, that we should support them under the idea
that they will even compensate us in the way of
postages, is futile. The idea of entering into such
an enterprise for the purpose of transporting com-
modities and passengers, is to me utterly odious,
for it does not become the Government to enter
into such enterprises, which belong to individuals.
I think that instead of giving a spur to the progress
of our people by such miscalled assistance as this,
we impede and gag them.
Mr. MALLORY. I voted against the appro-
priation for the Collins line last year, and with
the lights now before us, I shall feel it my duty
to vote against every increase of compensation to
steam lines. This system of legislation, in my
judgment, is improper. We saw last Congress
our halls crowded with agents to obtain the in-
creased compensation. We were not blind to the
fact. Agents came here to prosecute legislation
through Congress for that line. The idea was
then prominently held out, that this would be a
system by which the transportation of the mails
would be self-sustaining; but we now find that the
| argument is based alone upon what is considered
11 national pride and the speed of the vessel. Sir, I
| cannot agree in the commendation of this system
! which gentlemen give it. Such " rickety" con-
cerns, which is the proper term applied by the
Senator from Virginia to such vessels, have not
one single element of war steamers, except in
speed; and that is calculated rather to enable them
to escape from than to meet an enemy. At the
very moment that the great maritime nations of
the earth are experimenting upon the subject, and
have abandoned side-wheel steamers, why should
we be called upon to legislate and appropriate
money to keep up such a system ? The navies of
France and England and Russia, have all aban-
doned, or are abandoning the side-wheel, and have
resorted to the propeller. In regard to this par-
ticular Collins line, an officer who examined them,,
in his report states distinctly that they could only
be used for transports, unless the upper deck was
removed; and then who does not know that if you
remove the upper deck you would have the wheels
four feet above the main deck ?
Now, sir, I do not mean to go into the details
of this subject. I throw out this general view to
show what has already been demonstrated by
England and Prance, that side-wheel steamers are
inapplicable for war purposes. Compare these
with the ships in the English navy. Great Britian
this moment has twenty-nine propellers, embra-
cing ships of from one hundred ana forty guns to
six. They have ships of the largest class, larger
I than our own Pennsylvania, and instead of
adopting the side-wheel, they have adopted the
propeller system. We have taken directly the
reverse, and at the very moment that the mari-
time nations of the earth are abandoning? the sys-
tem, we are expending millions to keep it up.
In regard to what the Senator from Massachu-
setts has said about this system cheapening the
fare of emigrants across the Atlantic, every Amer-
ican, as a matter of course, welcomes those who
come from downtrodden nations, but the emi-
grants do not come in steamers at all. They come
in sailing vessels, which will always exist in spite
of our legislation. The system of legislating tnus
to dole out money to steam lines, when they come
here and demand it, will encourage this state of
things, for the Senator knows well that when we
give to one, it encourages another to come and
demand the same. Ab the Senator from Virginia
has correctly observed, open this thing to compe-
tition, and my word for it, there will be an lm-
j provement in the vessels much greater than has
; yet taken place. Open itup to all who will build
ships to ran in competition, and it will be the
interest of each to have the best kind of vessels.
Mr. RUSK. I do not intend to protract this
debate. I am not desirous of doing so. I was in
hopes that the vote would be taken upon it with-
out discussion. If I was anxious to go into the
argument—if we had time to do it—I might answer
the Senators. The Senator from Florida says
that this Collins line of ships are " rickety" con-
cerns. The London Times did not call them rick-
ety concerns. I know it was contended, at the
time the Collins line appropriation was before the
Senate, that the Cunard line did not get the im-
mense amount of money from the British Govern-
' ment which we asserted it did. But I see from
reading the London Times that they have candor
enough to admit that the Collins snips are supe-
rior, and it advised the Government of Great Bri-
tain to abandon the contest, for which they were
paying a million and a quarter per annum.
Mr. BAYARD. I do not intend to protract the
discussion further than to reply to the remarks of
the honorable Senator from Florida. He states
it as a fact that all the maritime nations of the
earth have abandoned the system of the side-wheel
and resorted to the propeller construction of ves-
sels for war purposes. I state that Great Britain
at least has not abandoned the system for one.
The steamers connected with her postal service
have been constructed so that- they may be used
for some purpose in time of war. The difference
between Great Britain ajid ourselves is, that we
