1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
damage might be clone to a wheel, and yet leave
H in workup order. Not only so, but should one
wheel be utterly demolished, against which there
would he more than a thousand chances to one,
the speed of the side-wheel steamer with her re-
maining wheel would still exceed that of the pro-
pel'er. For these and tor other reasons—and 1 am
not alone—my opinion is, that for purposes of at-
tack and defense, the side-wheel steamer would he
superior; though before having studied the subject
1 was inclined to give the propeller the preference.
Mr. President, we are told that the Collins line
is ail incubus oil the Navy. By what figure of
speech t heal 'elation can be'made out, I am at a loss
to know. True, it has been said that the money
appropriated to them by the Government might
ha\e been expended in building steamships for the
Navy. True, again—but what shoul l we have
gained bv that: These ships were constructed
in accordance with Government orders. They
are  s well built as vessels of their class are built
at our navy-yards, and at about half the cost. We
have not a steam-vessel of the same class in the
Navy that can vie with them in speed. When-
5 er the Government wants them, it can have
them, and incorporate them into the Navy. In fact,
these ships may even now be virtually considered
as belonging to the Navy, as ships in ordinary, to
be armed, equipped, officered, manned, and sent
to sea, whenever their services may be required.
And when thus called into service, thev will be
quite as efficient as other ships of their class.
How futile, then, to talk of their being an incubus
to our Navy, as though the Government, having
expended all its money, and exhausted all its
credit, on the ships of the Collins line, now wished
to build ships on its own account, but had not the
means.
But, sir, the honorable gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. Hister] acknowledges," that it is beneficial
to facilitate the postal communications, provided
it can be done on the self-sustaining principle."
For one, I am willing to go further than this.
Government claims the postal monopoly, for the
carriage of letters, &c., not only on the land, but
on the ocean; and officers, seamen, and passen-
gers conveying letters from abroad are compelled
to deliver them at our post offices, where postage
is charged on them. On the land and the ocean
both, therefore, the Government ought to provide
for the transportation of the mails, for the benefit
and accommodation of every part of our commu-
nity. Adopt the Senator's principle, and what
would be the result: Why, sir, a large propor-
tion of the people of the South would be deprived
of mail accommodations; for I believe I am not
mistaken in saying, that there is not a southern
State, with the exception of Louisiana, in which
the postages paid to the Government are anything
like the cost. Shali we cut those accommodations I,
off" Certainly not. But why are not the mercan- '
tile community, and all others who require it, just
as much entitled tosuch accommodations respecting I
foreign correspondence' The revenue from their
business, to the Government, entitles them to it,
and its importance to the whole country demands
it, whether the enterprise be self-sustaining or not.
Sir, I have nothing further to say on this sub-
ject, nor should I have said so much, but for the
sake of vindicating myself, and those who acted
with me on the question of making the additional
compensation for the Collins line, against what
appears to me an attack on us for our share in
those proceedings, and which, in this discussion,
I think, to say the least, is far-fetched and entirely
out of place.
Mr. BORLAND called for the yeas and nays
on the amendment to the amendment; and they
were ordered.
Mr. RUSK. The first section of the amend-
ment which the Senator from Virginia moves to
strike out, proposes to give an additional allow-
ance of $6,000 a year for the round trip. The
latter proposes to give authority to the Postmaster
General to release the persons from the contract
on the allowance of a reasonable compensation.
Mr. MORTON. As the yeas and nays have
been ordered, I wish simply to state the reason !
which will control my vote on this question, and
to show that I am somewhat consistent in my j
course. I was at all times an opponent of the in- 1
crease of compensation to the Collins line; I voted !
against it in all its different aspects; but inasmuch I
as the Congress of the United States have thought !l
1091
; proper to increase its compensation, 1 think equal
justice should be extended to the Havre and Bre-
men line, and therefore [ shall vote for the propo-
sition of the Senator from Texas.
The yeas and nays being taken on the amend-
ment to the amendment, resulted—yeas 31 navs
1'-'; as follows: '
\ I". \S_Messrs. Adams, Atchison, Bavard, Borland,
Bradbury, Bright, Brotihead. Hutler, Tass, i'liase, Duwsi
T)u ..... n . i  . • i   ■> . . i ' ..
NAt S—Messrs. Bell, Cooper, Davis, Downs, Foot,
On in, James, Morton. ltn~k, Smith, Soiilo, and Spru-
itnee—19.
So it was agreed to.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I shall move to amend
the amendment by striking out all that remains of
it after the words " rescind the same," so as to
leave it that if they choose to abandon the con-
tract, the Postmaster General may accept the aban-
donment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Mason
in the chair.) The Chair would inform the Sen-
ator from Texas that the first section of his amend-
ment having been stricken out, it is necessary to
modify the second section by inserting the names
of the company.
Mr. RUSK. The opponents of the amendment
have knocked the life out of it, and they may gal-
vanize it to suit themselves.
Mr. HUNTER. I will see if it is worth pre-
serving.
Several Senators. Vote it down.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I am not willing to vote
it do wn. I want the amendment adopted with the
modification which I suggest. If those gentlemen
choose to abandon their contract, if they have as-
certained that it is a money-sinking business, I
am willing to relieve them from it; but I am not
willing to pay them and leave it as a matter of
discretfon with the Department to pay what it
pleases, they having made an unfortunate contract.
If you will strike out the latter part of the section
as I propose, and then leave the proposition, it
will stand precisely in this way: If they are tired
of your contract they may surrender it. If they
choose to carry it out, they have a right to do it;
but if they choose to surrender it, I am willing to
permit it. I therefore move to strike out of the
amendment the words, " making such allowance
as he may deem equitable and just."
Mr. BAYARD. What do the words "said
companies or either of them" in the amendment
as it now stands refer to?
Several Senators. We are going to vote it all
down.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to; and the question recurring on the amendment
as amended it was rejected. j
Mr. SOULE. 1 propose an amendment, to
come in at the end of the first section; and I will ;
explain in a few words its object. It seems that ,
the Postmaster General, through some oversight,
forgot to ask an appropriation for carrying out
the contract which was entered into under a law
passed at the first session of this Congress author-
izing the establishment of a mail line between New 1
Orleans and Vera Cruz. Congress has passed :
the law, but there is no appropriation to carry it l
out. It is with a view to remedy that oversight
that I propose the following amendment: j
For carrying out the contract entered into hy the Post J
Office Department under the law passed at the last session '
of Congress, establishing a tn monthly mail by steam ves-
sels between New Oiieans and Vera Cruz, via Tampico, !
$70,000. , ]
The amendment was agreed to. j
The amendments were then ordered to been- ,|
grossed, and the bill to be read a third time. jj
It was read a third time and passed. ||
INDIGENT INSANE. |J
Mr. HAMLIN. I believe we have now acted ![
upon the last of the appropriation bills. I have
risen to submit a motion to the Senate, and I ask ■
for its favorable consideration. It is to take up j
the bill making appropriation for the indigent in- 1
sane. I hope the Senate will take it up. I do not
propose to discuss it. I only ask its considera-^
tion, because it is desirable that we should have a ,
vote upon it.
Mr. BORLAND and Mr. WELLER. Take ,
the homestead bill also.
Mr. GW1N. It is perfectly evident that that
i bill cannot pass without discussion. We shall
have the homestead bill, and Bennett's bill, moved
as amendments to it. We have committees of
conference at work upon disagreeing votes of the
two Houses on appropriation bills. We shall not
ha\e time enough to dispose of the appropriation
bills if we take up this controverted question. I
hope the Senator will not attempt to force it upon
the Senate.
Mr. HAMLIN. I think this bill has passed
the Senate twice, and the House twice, but not at
the same session. All I ask is that the Senate
will now take it up, and give us a vote upon it.
If it will give it a favorable consideration, I shall
rejoice. If it will not, be it so.
Mr. CHASE. I hope the Senate will take up
that bill, and 1 give notice that when it is taken
up, I shall move to amend it by adding to it the
homestead bill.
Mr. BELL. That is, you will kill the bill if
you can?
Mr. BUTLER. It is very evident that the
gentlemen intend to make a mere demonstration
in favor of benevolence.
Mr. HAMLIN. It is precisely so, Mr. Presi-
dent.
Mr. BUTLER. If the gentleman intends to do
it at this session, be it so.
Mr. PRATT called for the yeas and nays on
the motion, and they were ordered.
Mr. BAYARD. Without committing myself
to what may be my vote on this bill when it comes
up regularly, and can be discussed, I shall now
vote against taking up this or any other bill that
will lead to discussion during this session of Con-
gress, because I am perfectly satisfied myself that
this is not the time to enter into the discussion of
measures of this kind. We yet have controverted
questions connected with the appropriation bills to
come before us. If you desire to take up and pass
measures that are not objectionable, I shall not
oppose doing so; but I shall oppose measures that
are to lead to a general discussion. If we get into
the discussion of such bills, Senators will get heat-
ed so that committees of conference will not be
able to make their reports.
Mr. GWIN. I give notice, that if the bill is
taken up, I shall be compelled to bring up the Pa-
cific railroad bill, which had its brains knocked out
the other day.
Mr. PETTIT. I only want to say that if the
bill is taken up, I shall desire to have it read.
[Laughter.]
The question being taken by yeas and nays
resulted—yeas 25, nays 17; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bell, Bradbury, Bright, Chase, Clarke,
Cooper, Davis, Dawson, Downs, Fitzpatrick, Foot, Geyer,
Hamlin, Houston, Man<ruin, Miller, Morion, Rusk, Sebas-
tian, Shields, Smith, Spruance, Sumner, Underwood, and
YVeller—'25.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Atchison, Bayard, Borland,
Brodhead, Butler, De Saussure, Dodge of Iowa, Douglas,
Gwin, Jones of Iowa, Mallory, Mason, Norris, Petti t, Pratt,
and Walker—17.
So the motion was agreed to, and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consid-
er the bill from the House of Representatives,
" making a grant of the public lands to the several
States of the Union, for the benefit of indigent in-
sane persons."
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I move to amend the
bill by adding to it what is commonly called the
homestead bill, divested of the feature which is so
objectionable to my friend from Mississippi, [Mr.
Adams.] I suppose there will be no sort of oppo-
sition to the amendment. I believe that the Senate
is exceedingly anxious to vote for the passage of
the homestead bill, and therefore I will not detain
it by saying anything further.
Mr. BELL. The bill for the relief of the indi-
gent insane has passed the rigid examination of
several select committees—committees chosen to
examine it specially in reference to the provisions
that could be prudently and constitutionally made,
appropriating a portion of the public domain for
the relief not of the thirty thousand insane per-
sons in the United States—the number shown by
the late census—but for the relief of some four-
teen or fifteen thousand indigent insane persons,
who have no means, no family, no influence, po-
litical or otherwise, that can ever reach the heart
or affect the feelings of this assembly or the other
House of Congress. You have passed hundreds
of bills founded upon what has been supposed or
alleged to be extraordinary suffering, privation, or
