1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1098
or to defeat his measure. The Senator is, I be- |;
he\e, a friend to the homestead bill as well as 1
in\self; ami hem:; so, I trust 1 shall have his vote
f.iui potent in.uifiice tor my amendment. 1 hope
hew:!! not he tor giving this bill, as he did the
creat Pacini' railroad bill, a preference over the
homestead mil. i cordially cooperated with him
m support of that bill, but I ne\ ertheless thought
some of his arguments and illustrations did
:r istu-e to the homestead bi«i.
A'.r. nr.LL. 1 s:ud not a word against it.
Mr. DODGE. Tne Senator's word to me is
suincieiit tor anything. 1 was going on to say, if
he had not interrupted me, that his private decla-
ration of friendship for the bill referred to after-
w.irds undeceived me in regard to the matter. I
know that whatever that Senator professes he will
act up to. But when lie makes a special appeal
to me to do or not to do ceitain tilings touching
measures before this body, 1 answer it by referring
to the arguments and couise of himself and others
upon measures in which I feel a deep interest.
The Senator from Arkansas [Air. Borlavd] will
well remember the occasion to which I allude, for
he replied to the argument of the Senator from
Tennessee.
Mr. BELL. I said nothing against the home-
stead bill itself, in my remarks to the Senator from
Arkansas; but I said that the railroad bill, whilst
we had it up, ought to precede it, or, upon the line
of that, wherever it might be located, the home-
stead bill would occupy the lands—that is, within
the limits of the six miles in the State on each side
of the road.
Mr. DODGE. Very well. Did not my friend,
when it was proposed to take up the homestead
bi!!, and when theie was time to discuss it, vote
against taking it up?
Mr. BELL. 1 said that if you would lay down
the Paciric railroad bill you would never reach it
agiiii; but I said not one word against the home-
stead bill.
Mr. DODGE. Be it so. I neither question the
Senator's sincerity nor consistency. 1 only wish
to call attention to the fact that 1, in the course
which I am pursuing with regard to this bill, am
doing nothing unfair nor unusual. 1 have not of-
fered the amendment in a factious spirit. If my
friend from Tennessee is friendly to the homestead
bill, as I doubt not from his declaration that he is,
and as I know he is from his private assertion to
me on the subject, I have to ask him why he can-
not vote to amend this bill/ There is ample time
to pass both measures, as they are known to be
popular in the House of Representatives, both
having passed that body by large majorities.
Why cannot we amend Miss Dix's bill by adding
to it the homestead bill, and let the two measures
for the benefit of the sane and the insane go pari •
passu, upon this, the last night of the session, and
give the people's representatives an opportunity j
to do justice to the poor, the landless, and the
homeless, as well as to those upon whom God in
his inscrutable providence has laid the hand of
misfortune. The latter class, from the smallness
of their number, and the deep sympathy excited in
the community in which they have their being, are
now infinitely better cared for than the former.
Mr. BELL. I said before, that a majority in
the House, I understand, are in favor of both
measures; but by their rules, it requires two-
thirds to take them up.
Mr. DODGE. I understand all that sort of
thing. It was reiterated a hundred times and more
when the river and harbor bill was before us at
the last session. It was disregarded then, and the
bill amended at the very last days of the session,
and yet the bill became a law; and so it will be
with this, if my amendment prevails. This two-
thirds rule of the House, so often referred to here,
to defeat or pass measures, has lost its terrors for
me. For one, I am not willing to legislate under
duress. The Senator makes a personal appeal to
me to support this bill and help in its passage.
Sir, these appeals have lost their potency with me.
The treatment my State has received at the hands
of the Congress soon to expire, has been such
that I turn a deaf ear to them. The other branch
of Congress has refused to Iowa the ordinary
grants of alternate sections to aid her in the con-
struction of railroads in which she feels the deepest
interest, and yet has made like grants and much
larger than those asked by us to adjacent sister
States.
What is this bill when stripped of the mock
sentimentality and gallantry, if 1 may be allowed
so to speak, in which the Senators lmveenveloped
it ? It is a naked proposition to issue ten millions
of French assignats, American paper money,
bank notes—called, if you please, land warrants;
and for whose benefit' Nominally for the in-
sane, but in reality for persons with all their wits
about them. Speculators ami money-changers
will be its beneficiaries; land monopolists will go
with this paper by the bale and absorb all the
public lands along the lines of our proposed rail-
roads and elsewhere. These things we are to vote
for from considerations of mere personal respect
to an accoinphshed and humane lady, and for the
benefit of tne voracious class of whom I have
spoken.
Sir, the annual report of the Commissioner of
the General Land Office, at thepresent session, and
subsequent information received from the land sales
in Illinois, furnish the most triumphant argument
tn support of the policy of granting alternate sec-
tions of the public domain to aid the States in the
construction of the railroads projected through the
public lands which has ever been furnished upon
any subject. These documents show that the re-
served sections, held at §2 50 the acre, have not
only been sold for that price, but considerably
more; thus to the fullest extent realizing the
prediction of my friend from Illinois, [Mr. Doug-
las,] and the other supporters of the Illinois Cen-
tral railroad grant, at the time when we struggled
and fought through that beneficent measure, in op-
position to the unceasing attacks of the Senator
from Georgia [Mr. Dawson] and others, who
hung upon it like vampires. Notwithstanding
this triumphant result, and notwithstanding our
roads connect with, and may be regarded as but
simple extensions of those from Philadelphia,
New York, and Boston, we were voted down in
the House of Representatives; first, on one bill
providing for three roads, but granting three hun-
dred thousand acres less than were granted to Illi-
nois; and secondly, upon one road—the Burling-
ton and Council Bluffs road—unconnected with
any other, and giving us but a million of acres—
Illinois having received three millions of acres for
her road and its branches.
In the wide range of suffering humanity, there
are other objects of commiseration and sympathy
besides the insane; and in my section, much more
numerous. I refer to the sick and disabled per-
sons employed in navigating the Mississippi river.
Necessity as well as humanity calls loudly for the
establishment of a marine hospital for the Upper
Mississippi; and at an early day of the present
session I brought this subject to the attention of
the Senate, obtained a favorable report from our
Committee on Commerce, and effected the passage
of a bill appropriating but $15,000 for the erection
of a receptacle of this character at Burlington, in
Iowa—a point favorably situated between the two
noted obstructions to the navigation of the Mis-
sissippi, and between St. Louis and the great
trading towns of upper Illinois, Wisconsin, Iowa,
and Minnesota. For this class of men it can be
affirmed that there is no provision made above St.
Louis; while the protecting arm and fostering
care of the General Government has always been
extended in aid of the sick and disabled seamen,
both of the Navy and of our commercial marine,
and more recently upon the Lower Mississippi and
Ohio rivers. The boatmen and raftmen of the
Upper Mississippi are justly entitled to the bene-
fits of the several acts of Congress for the relief
of sick and disabled seamen engaged in foreign
commerce and in the coastwise trade; but so de-
fectively supplied are the remote western waters
with hospitals and asylums for the sick, that these
benefits are almost wholly denied them.
The unfortunate prevalence of late years upon
our western waters of that most dreadful of all
human scourges—the Asiatic cholera—has given
this subject an interest beyond anything ever felt
in the early history of western navigation. The
absence of these hospitals scatters the pestilence,
and spreads it in the cities, towns, and villages on
our rivers; whereas if receptacles were prepared,
they would tend to concentrate and extinguish it
by collecting the sufferers and preventing their in-
tercourse with society. A person known to a
boat's crew to be suffering from this plague is put
on shore wheresoever the boat can get rid of him,
by persuasion or stratagem. The presence of the
! sufferer generally causes consternation, and he is
1 neglected, often abandoned, and dies. The scourge
is thus spread upon our rivers among the citizens
; on shore, and its mortality augmented among river-
, faring men themselves.
This very night the House has refused, by an
overwhelming majority, to pass the bill we sent
them for the erection of a marine hospital at Bur-
lington, in my State, so much needed, than which
no measure for the benefit of suffering humanity
could be more loudly called for. And yet I am
asked at this, the eleventh hour of the session, to
vote for a bill for the issue of ten millions of paper
money under the specious guise of aiding the un-
fortunate. I will not do it! My State is suffer-
ing under a sense of wroni;, partial, and injurious
legislation, which I shall resist and oppose as long
as 1 have a voice or vote.
Mr. ADAMS. The proposition contained in
the bill under consideration I think decidedly ob-
jectionable. The idea of making a corporation out
of the limits of a State a freeholder within it, is to
my mind objectionable. What is the proposition
of the Senator from lowar It is to give a home-
stead to every poor man; now if to that we attach
the proposition which I propose to make, of grad-
uating the price of the public lands, and selling
them at their intrinsic value, I do not know but
that 1 shall be induced to vote for the bill. [Laugh-
ter.] I can hardly conceive of any proposition
more objectionable than the one which is made in
this bill, not, sir, to the purpose of the bill which is
to aid the different States in thesupport of theirin-
sane. That is a benevolent object, but it is a work
which belongs to each State, and not to the Federal
Government. This Government never was formed
for any such purpose. These are matters belong-
ing peculiarly to the different States, most of which
have been provided for, and others will be. But if
you will improve the bill by adding to it the home-
stead bill, and then the graduation system, and sev-
eral other projects which ma^ be proposed, it will
be a respectable proposition, and 1 am not certain
but that I shall vote for it. [Laughter.] Bennett's
land bill has been suggested. I beg leave to say,
in regard to Bennett's land bill, that ofall the prop-
ositions that have been made in the other branch
of Congress, from the foundation of the Govern-
ment to the present time, one so odious in its char-
acter has never been made. The idea of making
the old States freeholders, and the new ones ten-
ants-at-will, is so abhorent to every principle of
State sovereignty, and of equal rights, that it is as-
tonishing to me that any man could ever conceive
the idea of so far abandoning the principle of doing
to others as we would have them do unto us as to
support. I must acknowledge, that I am astonished
that such a proposition had ever been made. It
is not however before the Senate, and I presume
there is not a Senator here who will dare to offer it
, to this bill. The bill which is before us is objec-
i tionable in its consequences—not in its object. I
i now inform the friends of Bennett's land bill that
it will not pass at this session. I am not disposed
to consume the time of the Senate. I hope the
amendment of the Senator from Iowa will be
adopted. It will not be much better than the ori-
ginal proposition, but if the proposition is so
amended that the good will overbalance the evil,
, the Senate may be induced to vote for it. If the
proposition of my friend from Iowa is adopted,
and then my graduation principle is also adopted,
which is, in my humble judgment, calculated to
| do more for the Treasury of the United States,
ji and the benefit of the citizens of the United States,
than any proposed during the present Congress,
the bill may perhaps pass.
SUSPENSION OF THE RULES.
Mr. DOUGLAS offered the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous consent,
and agreed to:
Resolved, (the House of Representatives concurring,)
That the 17th joint rule of the two Houses be suspended for
the remainder of the session.
A message was subsequently received from the
House announcing that it had agreed to the reso-
lution.
INDIGENT INSANE.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the bill
" making a grant of public lands to the several
States in the Union for the benefit of the indigent
insane."
Mr. BRODHEAD. I agree entirely in the re-
