M 94
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
marks just submitted by my friend from Missis- 1
sippi in regard to the graduation system. I believe
it is tlie only true manner of proceeding; in regard
to the public lands. Graduate and reduce their
price, and you accomplish all, or nearly all that
the advocates of the homestead bill, and the bill
to which this is an amendment, propose to accom-
plish. Any other system will throw the expendi- i
tures of the land department upon the public |
Treasury I am one of those who believe the
land system ought to support itself as the post
office does.
My object in rising now, however, is for the
purpose of proposing an amendment, in which the
old Stales, and especially the one which I have the
honor to represent, have a deep interest. 1 mean
the giving of one hundred and sixty acres of land
to all who served in the war of 1812, and their
legal representatives. 1 desire to place them upon
the same footing with those who served in ihe war
with Mexico. On the :20th of last December, I
submitted a bill granting one hundred and sixty
acres of land to the soldiers of 1612. That was
more than two months ago. It went to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, and here, sir, by the ac-
tion of that committee is demonstrated the power
of the western States upon this floor. The com- 1
mittee has not reported it back yet. It is composed
chiefly of members from the West. I know very
well that that se-tion of the country is fast grow-
ing up. Every stroke of the woodman's ax be-
yond the Mississippi seems to enlarge their power
and augment their dominion. 1 move to amend
the amendment by adding to it the following:
Sec. 1. Jlndbe it further enacted, That the provisions
of the several laws granting bounty lands to the officers and
soldiers who have been engaged in the military fervice of
the United States shall he, and the same are hereby, ex
tended so as to grant to each of the person-therein described
a quantity of land winch, in addition to ttiat to which he
may be entitled under any other l.iw of Congress, shall not,
in the whole, exceed the quantify of a quarter ruction, or
one hundred and sixty acres ; and each ot the officers, non-
commissioned officers, mu-icians, and privates, engaged in ,
the naval, marine, gun-boat, or flotilla service, or in defense
of the coa-t, in any of the wars mentioned in said act*, shall
be entitled to the benefits ot said laws as thus extended.
Sec. 2. nd be it further enacted, That, alter the passage
of this act, all warrants shall be issued m the names of the
persons who rendered the service for which they an-granted,
whether living or dead, and shall inure to the benefit of the
warrantee, if living, and if not. to the heirs specified in the
several laws extended by this act; and failing tho>e heirs,
to the heirs at law of the warrantee, according to the laws
of the place in which he had his domicil at the time of his
death; and all patents for lands located with any such war-
rants shall, in like manner, issue to the warrantee; and, in {
case of his death before the issuing of said patent, the title !
thereby conveyed shall inure to, and ve-st in, his heirs as
aforesaid, or his or their assignees or devisees, as the case
may be: Provided, however, That no person who has per-
petrated, or attempted to perpetrate, a fraud on the United
States under either ol said laws as aforesaid, shall be entitled
to the benefit of any of the provisions of this act.
I observe further, that this is carrying out the
recommendation of the Commissioner of Public
Lands. The bill has been well considered and
prepared under the direction, and in pursuance of
the advice of that officer.
Mr. DOWNS. I should like to know of the
Senator from Pennsylvania whether, if his amend-
ment be adopted, he will vote for the amendment
proposing the homestead bill?
Mr. ADAMS. " Sufficient unto the day is the
evil thereof."
Mr. DOWNS. I think the Senator might well
vote for the amendment without having his addtd
to it. But I take it for granted that he wishes to
get up a particular class to the exclusion of others.
Mr. BRODHEAD called the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
Mr. BELL. I hope we will take these things
one at a time, and vote down the amendment.
Let us first pass the indigent insane bill; then the
homestead bill, and then the bill of the Senator
from Pennsylvania.
Mr. WELLEEt. I think we had better have
them all in one bill. The first branch proposes to
take care of those who cannot take care of them-
selves; the second provides for the landless and
homeless; and the third takes in the remainder.
I shall vote for the whole of it. I think it is one
of the most charitable bills, and therefore I shall
vote for the whole of it.
Mr. BELL. You put those in the lead who
are without sense or wit, and that is reversing
nil natural rules of wisdom and propriety.
The question being taken by yeas ana nays on
the amendment of Mr. Brodhead to the amend-
ment, resulted—yeas 18, nays 17, as follows:
YEAS—Me«sr«. Adam*, Atchison, Bavard, Brodhead, |
Butler, Cass, l)e Sau>Mire, Dodge of Iowa, Douglas Fitz-
pjitrick. Knot, Hunter, Noins, Piatt, Uusk, Soulo, Under- :
wood, ami VVeller—18.
NAYS—Messr-. Bell, Bradbury, Chase, Davis, Dawson,
Dmvn!i, Gi'jcr, Hamlin, Houston, Mallory, Miingum, .Mil-
ler, Morion, Smut), Spruanee, Sunnier, and Walkei—17.
So it was agreed to.
Mr. ADAMS. I move to amend the amend-
ment, by adding to it the following:
That all ol the public lands of the United States shall be
subject to sale and entry at one dollar per acre; and any
portl >11 winch shall have been in market lor live years or
upwards, prior lo the time ot application to enter the same
under the provisions ol this act, and still rem,lining unsold,
shall be subject to sale al Ihe price of seventy-live cents per
acre: and all the lands ol' the United States that shall have
been m market for len years or upwards, as aforesaid, and
still remaining unsold, shall he subject to sale at lilty cents
per acre ; and all of the lands ol the United Slates that shall
have been in market lor liiteen >ears or upwards, as afore-
said, and still remaining unsold, shall he subject to sale at
twenty live cents per acre; and all ot the lands ol the Uni-
ted Stat''*, that shall have been in market lor twenly years
and upwards, a« aloresaid, and still remaining unsold, shall
1>l' subject to sale at ten cents per acre; and all lands ot Ihe
United States that shall have been in market for twenty-five
years or more, shall lie subject to sale at five cents per acre :
Provided, This section shall not be so con-trued as to ex
tend to lands reserved to the United States, in acts granting
land to States for railroad or other internal improvements,
or to mineral lands held at over one dollar and twenty-five
cents per acre.
; jind be it further enacted, That upon every reduction
in price, under the provisions of this act, the occupant and
' settler upon the lands shall have tile right of preemption at
such graduated price, upon the same terms, conditions, re-
strictions, ami limitation* upon which the public lauds of the
, United States are now subject to the right of preemption,
I until the next graduation or reduction shall take place ; and
I il not so purciia-ed, shall again be subject to right of pre
, emption for Hvelve months as before, and so on fiom tune
to tune, as reilir lions take place: Provided, That nolhing
in this act shall be so construed as to intertere with any right
which lias or may accrue by virtue of any act graining pre
emption to actual settlers upon pubic lands.
~1tid be itfaither enacted, That any person applying to
enter any or' the atoresaid lands under the provisions ot the
eighth and ninth sections of this act, shall he required to
make affidavit belorethe register or receiver of tile proper
land office, that he or she emers the same for his or her own
use, and tor the purpose of actual settlement and cultiva-
tion, or lor Ihe use of an adjoining (arm or plantation, owned
or occupied by him or herself, and together with said entry,
lie or she lias not acquired from the United Slates, under
the provisions of this act, more than three hundred and
twenty acres according to the established surveys; and if
any person or persons taking such oath or affidavit shall
swear falsely ill the premises, he or she shall be subject to
all the pains and penalties of perjury : Provided, That any
person eniitled to a preemption shall be authorized to enter
forty acres ol the public laud, to include the dwelling-house,
at ten cents per acre.
Mr. BELL. I only express the hope that no
friend of the homestead bill, or of the soldiers of
1812, will vote for that proposition, for it will
merely overload the other two measures.
! Mr. CHASE. 1 trust I shall have the atten-
l| tion of the Senate for a moment, while I make an
appeal to Senators in relation to these two meas-
ures. It is well known that we have made effort
after effort to get up the homestead bill. These
efforts have failed because the appropriation bills
claimed precedence. No voteyettaken furnishes
a fair expression of the sense of the Senate upon
that great measure. It is dear to the hearts of a
vast number of the people of this country. It is
dear to my own heart,and I am extremely anxious
that the Senate shall act upon it at this session.
Other bills have passed the House, in which many
Senators feel a part.cular interest; but these two
measures, the bill for the benefit of the insane and
the homestead bill, claim at this moment a sort of
precedence over all others, and seem, in some de-
gree, to conflict with each other.
I wish to make an appeal to the friends of Miss
Dix's bill. I ask them to say that after that bill
has been acted upon, the homstead bill shall be
taken up and be voted upon by itself, unembar-
rassed by any attempt to amend it or to connect
it with other measures. I do not wish to waste
the precious time of the Senate at these last hours,
when measures of great practical importance are
before us, in wretched attempts to defeat them by
indirection. I want a vote upon the homestead
bill—a plain, honest, direct vote; and I am willing
to take a direct vote upon Miss Dix's bill.
I said a few moments since, when urging the
Senate to take up this bill, that I would move the
homestead bill as an amendment to it. I should
have done so, had not the Senator from Iowa anti-
cipated me. But if, having moved it, I had discov-
ered that to insist upon this amendment would
bring on a profitless discussion, and defeat all
action, no consideration would induce me to per-
sist in pressing it upon the Senate. Sir, who is
the lady m behalf of whose measure we are
appealed to to night? She has no power or pa-
tronage. She controls no vast money claims
with which to approach Congress. We are not
beset outside by her agents and retainers, ask-
ing us to pass this bill. Her clients are- the poor,
the friendless, and the wretched. She has found
them in the habitations of misery, in the cells of
the insane. For these she has labored; among
these she would dispense blessings and consola-
tions; and shall we deny a simple vote upon her
bill ? I hope, I trust we shall not. I appeal to
the friends of the homestead bill to allow the vote
to be taken upon this bill. Let it stand or fall
upon its own merits. Let there be no attempt to
embarrass it by amendments of any sort; but let
the sense of the Senate be taken directly upon it.
And I appeal to the friends of this bill, who are
friends also to other measures which have come to
us from the House, to say to us who feel a special
interest in the homestead bill, that they will gen-
erously reciprocate this just forbearance, and per-
mit a vote to be taken at once upon that measure,
unembarrassed and without amendment, as soon
as this bill shall have been acted upon.
Mr. WALKER. This Congress is about to
i close. Many who occupy seats upon this floor
, soon leave, and I wish to take a little retrospection
before their departure. I do not wish to offend
any Senator in what I shall say. In 1848, I
moved in this matter of the homestead bill in the
Senate, and I believe I was the first; and from that
time to this, just such speeches as have been made
by the Senator from Ohio, by pretended friends
of the homestead, just such votes as have been
now given by the Senator from Michigan, from
session to session and year to year, have defeated
this measure; and there has not been a session, from
the first session of that Congress, at which I have
not urged this measure, and urjred it upon its own
merits, and its own independent grounds, and I
have never yet been able to satisfy such friends
as the Senator from Michigan and the Senator
from Ohio, and some other Senators here who
claim to be its peculiar friends, that the proper
time had come to vote upon the homestead bill.
Mr. CHASE. I should like to know on what
occasion I did not vote for it?
Mr. WALKER. Now, presently, immedi-
ately before the Senate. I say when I have made
every effort in my power to get a vote upon this
measure, at every session that I have had the
honor of sitting here, there has always been some-
thing interposed. At one time the patriotism of
gentlemen in favor of the old soldiers, as they called
them, was so enlisted that they could feel them-
selves constrained to crush the homestead bill,
and pass what they called a bill for the relief of
old soldiers—in other words, to turn into circula-
tion millions of paper currency, with which spec-
ulators could monopolize the public lands, and get
it from the hands of the soldiers for a penny to
the pound. This kind of patriotism has defeated
this measure from year to year, and session to
session, and, sir, here at last, upon the last night
of the session, when a measure is moved having
some relation to it in regard to the subject, and
in regard to those who are to be the beneficiaries
of it, we are appealed to to do—what' To give
way, that a bill for the relief of indigent insane may
have precedence over it, and may be carried ante-
rior to it, and we are to take the chance, after that
is gone, to get up the homestead bill through the
grace and favor of those who are its avowed ene-
mies, and who have been ever since it was moved
in the Senate, and will continue to be so until the
hands of the clock mark twelve to-morrow, arid
perhaps, if they should live so long, to twelve
o'clock a quarter of a century from this time.
They would certainly be the enemies of this bill
twenty-five years from this time, if the power of
the people was not sufficient to constrain them
from it.
Mr. President, when this measure was intro-
duced, I remember well the jeers, the taunts, the
frowns, which I received; but they did not fright-
en me. They have never frightened me since;
: and men who have become prominent movers in
! this matter were then some of the most promi-
nentin throwing at methose jeers and those taunts,
i The people have spoken for years past. Their
\ petitions are now upon your table, and in your
|i Secretary's office, I am confident, to the amount
