1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1097
bills, and sent them to the House; and the House
had sent back those bills with amendments, and '
we had chosen to reject those amendments and
asked tor a conference, and after the Committee of
Conference had agreed, we had refused to concur
in their report. Would there be any obligation
on the part of the House to stand to the bill as
we originally passed it ? And yet that is the po-
sition in which the House now seek to place us,
because they happen to have taken the initiative
in the passage of those bills, which belongs no
more to them than to us, though it has been the
usage that the House should originate them. I,
for one, am prepared to stand on what I consider
the responsibilities of the body; and if the House
choose to take the course which they have taken,
they may be influenced as the Senator from Mis-
sissinoi says, but 1 should say it was factious;
and in that view I am determined, for one, to
persist in our amendments.
Mr. BADGER. Mr. President, I desire to re-
turn my thanks to my honorable friend from Texas
for the motion which he has submitted, and to say
that I concur in every word said by the honorable
Senator from Louisiana. Sir, we are brought to
a very extraordinary state of things, and yet in my
judgment a state of things which it was not very
difficult to foresee. Thecondition of things between
the two Houses of Congress during the present
and the last session has been of a very extraordi-
nary character. The Senate has sent to the House
of Representatives, I think I may say hundreds of
bills which have been lyingpiled up upon the table
of that House unacted upon and untouched. We
have had sent to us all the usual appropriation
bills, and as usual at such a late period of the ses-
sion that it was scarcely possible that we could
exercise, in a just and legitimate manner, our un-
questionable, and until lately unquestioned rights
to participate in the legislation of the United States.
Now, sir, we find ourselves at the close of this
session, in the condition of being ignominiously
required to recede from that position which the
Constitution assigns to us, and which, as the rep-
resentatives of the States of this Union, we can-
not, without gross criminality or inexcusable pu-
sillanimity, abandon. Let us stand for once upon
the maintenance of those rights, which important
as they may be to us, are infinitely more import-
ant to the Constitution of the country, and to the
State sovereignties which we represent on this
floor. Sir, I aril not surprised to find the condi-
tion in which we are placed.
The ordinary course which has been pursued
when differences of opinion arise between the two
Houses has been to submit to the consideration
of managers of a conference, appointed by both
Houses, an adjustment of those pending differ-
ences; and it has been usual for the two House to
yield to the composition of those difficulties made
by their respective representatives. The Senate, 1
bo far as my experience extends, and so far as I ,
have information, has never refused, whatever
might be the individual judgment of the members
of the body upon the propriety of the course of
their representatives, in a spirit of peace and court-
esy to yield to the adjustment that was proposed by
a committee of conference. It will be recollected
that two or three years ago we had in succession
upon the civil and diplomatic appropriation bill
three committees of conference; and while the re-
port of the third committee of conference, stating
their utter inability to agree upon the last remain-
ing subject of contest between the two Houses,
was pending before this body, the House of Rep-
resentatives voted to adhere to the refusal which ;
they had announced to the amendment of the Sen-
ate. I was one of the members of the body who
on that occasion yielded to what I then thought, j
but 1 am satisfied I falsely thought, to be a duty j
which I owed to the country, and voted to recede
from the amendment which we proposed in order
to save the pending appropriation bill. Being
then compelled, by the action of the House of
Representatives, ignominiously to retreat from
the position which we had assumed, and which
through our representatives we had maintained ,
through three committees of conference, we have
what is the just, the natural, and the irresistible
consequence—we have presented to us the convic-
tion of the House that they have but to dictate
and we will yield. 1
But, sir, as if the force of that example were
not sufficient, what have we had here to-day ? We I
had a Committee of Conference on one bill; that
committee was unable to agree, and reported to
us that inability to agree. And what was the
spectacle presented this very day ? Why, sir, the
Senate of the United States instantly, upon the
announcement that the Committees of Conference
could not agree, by a large and decided vote re-
ceded from the position they occupied upon every
question of ditference between the two Houses.
What was to be expected after that example but
that we should be treated as men without a right
to an opinion, without any just consideration in
the legislation of the country, bound to yield to
the dictation of nothing but a coordinate branch of
the legislative power of this country. Therefore
we are, as the natural consequence, as the justand
logical deduction from our previous conduct, now
told, " You have shrunk irom the contest; you
have failed to maintain your rights; you have
shown that you will surrender anything and every-
thing when you are brought to the point of being
required to yield or contend, and therefore we in-
tend to press you; now you have an opportunity,
now you shall be tested, now you shall be required
again to yield ail elfective interest and influence in
the legislation of this country."
Mr. President, there is no disguise which can
possibly be thrown about the position which we
occupy. The mere question now left for us to de-
cide is, whether the Senate is anything but a mere
register of the edicts of the House of Representa-
tives; whether we shall hereafter dare to intimate
our opinions that the work which that House
sends to us is imperfect; whether we shall presume
to add to the appropriation bills anything which
we think proper to suggest as right to be added
to them, or to strike anything from them which
we think improper to be retained.
Sir, here sits before me my honorable friend from
Virginia, [Mr. Mason.] He is preeminently a
State-Rights man. He holds the position that this
Government was made by the States of this Union,
and that we are here the representatives of those
very sovereignties that made it. I do not go quite
as far as my honorable friend on that subject; but
I will say this to him, that whatever differences of
opinion we may entertain as to the origin of this
Government, under which we hold our seats here,
he shall never be ahead of me in maintaining the
rights, the authority, the dignity, and the just
privileges of this body, representing the States of
the Union.
I am willing to do much, yea, sir, I am willing
to do everything-, in a spirit of concession, which
does not involve an abandonment of the just au-
thority of this house; but when we are called
upon to abandon that, if every other member of
this body shall falter in his course, I take my
stand, and 1 believe I am discharging a sacred,
high, and inexorable duty to the States and to
the people of the Union, and I say that it is of
infinitely more importance to them that the just,
coordinate power of this branch of the Legisla-
ture shall be maintained than that any or every j
bill shall fail or succeed. !
I am very sorry to be compelled to speak in
these terms at this late period, in relation to such
a subject; but, sir, you may rely upon it, that as
in all past history it has been found that they who
will not vindicate their own rights and their own
privileges, will trust in vain to have them respect-
ed by others; so here and now and in relation to
this Chamber, if we do not at any and all hazards,
vindicate the just authority and rights of this
body, we must expect forever after to surrender
them unconditionally to the dictation of those who
have no higher right or authority to dictate to J
this body than we have to dictate to them. I hope "
that the proposition of my honorable friend from ,
Texas will be firmly and inflexibly maintained,
and I, for one, am willing to go before the country
and be judged by the sentiments of our own con-
stituents, if any consequences result disastrously
to the country, to say where is the responsibility
for this course. I say further, that if the Senate,
on this occasion, shall think proper to yield to
this species of duress and dictation, and give up
their amendments, I will, while I have the honor
of a seat in this body, vote against any and every
amendment to an appropriation bill which comes
to the Senate from the House of Representatives,
because the body which makes an amendment and
then ignominiously retires under the circumstances
now existing from maintaining that which they
have made, ought, in my judgment, out. of a decent
respect for the secondary position which their pu-
sillanimity has assigned to them, to avoid propos-
ing any amendment to the propositions which that
House may be graciously disposed to submit to
our consideration.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, I regret very
deeply the position which has been taken by the
honorable Senator from North Carolina. I had
looked upon him as one of the conservative moni-
tors of the Senate. I had supposed that he was
the last man of us all who could be misleu into
anything tending to disorganization. Why, sir,
what is the proposition? The two Houses have
disagreed, and the honorable Senator from North
Carolina encourages the spirit of refusing to ask a
further conference. Sir, I would refer that Sena-
tor to what he is so well versed in, that admoni-
tion which we have received from on High, if
your brother sin against you seven times, forgive
him. The House of Representatives is a co-
ordinate branch of the legislative department of
the Government. It is as much entitled to its
opinion as we are to ours; and if it should ex-
hibit a pertinacity which we are disposed to con-
demn, invite them to a conference; invite them to
a second, a third, and a fourth conference. Be
forbearing. I would deprecate above all things a
spirit of resistance to the coordinate branch of the
Legislature. And upon what, at last ? Upon any
great measure of Government? No, sir; but upon
a mere matter of appropriation that may be dis-
pensed without the slightest inconvenience to the
public weal.
Sir, the mischief to be remedied lies far deeper.
The fault is with us. The Senate has just as
much right to originate the appropriation bills
as the House; but it has grown into usage that
they should originate there and be sent to us. It
has equally grown into usage, as the Senator from
North Carolina well knows, that they are sent to
us in the very last days of the session. We have
tolerated and submitted to that; and now, when
some practical inconvenience arises, because some
favorite measure—not a principle, but a mere mat-
ter of appropriation for something that can be done
as well next year, or the year after—is resisted by
the House, the honorable Senator from North Car-
olina invites us to make an issue with the House
that may result in the loss of this appropriation
bill. Sir, I should have heard these remarks with
very different feelings, if they had come from a
different quarter. 1 had looked to that Senator,
as I have said, as one of the conservative influen-
ces of this body. Why, sir, last year when the
same question was presented, that Senator took a
very different view; and I was happy then to con-
cur with him. I understood him then to say, " In-
vite to a conference—a second, a third, or a fourth
conference, if necessary; and show the House that
we have no spirit of resistance on our part." I
do not know what are the amendments upon which
the difference now exists between the two Houses;
but I know this, that there is no amendment made
by the Senate, or by the House, with which the
country cannot dispense for one year. But what
does the Senator intend ? That we shall lose the
whole bill and disorganize the Government, in an
attempt to carry an immaterial issue. I trust it
will be the sense of the Senate to be forbearing,
and to invite the House to another conference.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Mr. President, I think
my friend from North Carolina has departed from
his usual mildness, to apply, upon this occasion,
some epithets which ought not to have been used;
and I think that, upon mature reflection, he will be
disposed to take them back; and that he will not
regard it as pusillanimity on our part, or as dicta-
torial arrogance on the part of the House of Rep-
resentatives, to have either the Senate or the House
in the condition which they now occupy; and I
think that these terms have been misapplied.
There can be no difficulty whatever in reference
to the present position of things, if we will take a
proper view of them. An appropriation bill is
made up, in the first place, of matter to execute the
existing laws of the land; in the second place, of
new matter about which no previous law has been
made; and of new provisions, and into which new
projects are introduced. Now, whether it be an
old matter, or the execution of some existing law,
or something new is introduced which has not
existed before, the two Houses are equally in-
dependent of each other, and they have a right to
