1100
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
their disagreement to the Senate's amendments. I ,
do not find, either in the first or the second message
from the House, that they have insisted or reinsist-
ed. Their course has been a mere rejection of the
report of the Committee of Conference; whereas
they might have voted an adherence,if they thought
pro er to make a point with the Senate, and not
to have another conference, and of course no rec-
onciliation or agreement could be had. They might
at once have adhered,and said, " You rnfeet come
to us, or this bill shall fail." If the House df Rep-
resentatives had taken this latter step, 1 should have
said there was but one course left to the Senate,
and that would lie to adhere to their amendments,
and there the bill would fall. But, as I under-
stand the message of the House, they do not even
insist—they merely ask a second Committee of
Conference. The honorable Senator from Illinois
[Mr. Douglas] alluded to some particular point
of disagreement between the Houses. He has
mentioned the increase of the salaries of the Cab-
inet officers. How does the honorable Senator
know that'
Mr. DOUGLAS. If the Senator had listened
to me, he would not have asked the question. I
said that it might turn out to be that a point of that
kind was involved; and I was inclined to think
that it would be a point of that description; but I
complained that we did not know what were the
points; hence he should not ask me how I did
know.
Mr. BELL. I supposed that the honorable Sen-
ator really intended to insinuate that that was a
point of disagreement. 1 have a few remarks to
make in relation to the course which I think the
Senate ought to pursue. As I have said, the
House have not adhered; they have asked a sec-
ond conference, which is a moderate and mild
course of proceeding. So far as their proceedings
on paper indicate, there is no intention to show
any disrespect to the Senate. If they had ad-
hered, then it would have been due on the part of
the Senate also to adhere, because such adherence
at such a stage of the proceedings on the part of
the House would, according to all parliamentary
usage, be discourteous.
Mr. COOPER The Senator will allow me to
ask him a question. Have not the House already
in effect adhered ' Have they not sent us this mes-
sage, asking a conference as a means by which to
procure further concessions from us?
Mr. BELL. If I had come to any such con-
clusion, my course would be different.
Mr. COOPER. I do not see how any one can
understand it in any other light.
Mr. BELL. I must say to the honorable Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania that the course of the
House has been merely to disagree to the report
of the Committee of Conference, which they have
a perfect right to do. There is nothing more com-
mon in the history of such proceedings than to
have two, and sometimes three or four conferences.
The point of courtesy is, after one House has ad-
hered, then to ask a conference is discourteous.
It is discourteous to adhere—I mean in the first
instance; they generally insist, and then reinsist,
sometimes again and again; but when they come
to an adherence in the first instance, even though
they ask a conference, then it is discourteous.
Now, a conference would seem to be asked only
with a view to force the Senate to recede. I do
not understand the House to have done that.
Mr. COOPER. I understand that this was pre-
cisely in effect what the House did. When the
committee reported, a motion was made to adhere,
and that motion was carried; and then amotion to
reconsider was made, followed by a vote that that
motion do lie upon the table.
Mr. BELL. If the House had adhered, it is
not reported to us. No such vote appears here,
according to their message.
Mr. COOPER. That is the case as I have been
informed.
Mr. BELL. If that be so, it puts the whole
question in a different attitude.
Mr. COOPER. Certainly it does.
Mr. RUSK. That is what I understand, and
I should not have made the motion if I did not so
understand it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. If that be the fact themes-
sage will show it.
Mr. BELL. In order to settle that point, I
should like to have the message read.
The message was accordingly read.
| Mr. RUSK. If the matter had stood merely |
; where it appears to stand according to the mes- j
sage, I would not have made my motion: but I
was informed by one or two gentlemen of the ]
House of Representatives, that a motion to recon-
sider had been made, and that that motion was
ordered to lie on the table; so that the subject
I could not again be reached.
| Mr. BELL. That does not make so much dif-
i ference. It would be only adhering to their vote
j of disagreement to the report of the Committee of
! Conference, which they had a perfect right to do;
but they have not voted an adherence to their dis-
agreement to theamendments of the Senate; and
even if they had done so, we should have no right
to take offense at it merely upon hearing it upon
rumor; because the House have not reported to
us that they have adhered. That would have been
justly an offense to the Senate. But they have
not taken that step; and therefore, 1 think, what-
ever we may suppose, or hear upon verbal reports
as to the temper of the House, or in reference to
the amendments of the Senate to the appropri-
ation bills, we cannot notice it in these proceed-
ings. We ought to take care that, if there is to
be a breach between the two Houses, we shall not
be found in fault.
As I said in the outset of my remarks, firmness
and decision in upholding such appropriations as
we think the good of the country requires us to
make, can be better expressed in the representa-
tions of the Senate through the committees of con-
ference and by our resolves here, than by ill-natured
declamation or denunciation. Now, I think, with
great deference to the feeling that has been mani-
fested by some honorable Senators, (to which I beg
leave to say, under all the circumstances, I do not
feel disposed strenuously to except,) and though I
am as decidedly in favor of taking a firm stand as
any other Senator, whenever we shall be convinced
that there is a disposition in the House to exercise
an exclusive or arbitrary control over the appro-
priation bills, that on the present occasion our firm-
ness and decision can be best expressed, and our
own power and dignity best consulted in reference
! to the amendments which we have ingrafted upon
the civil and diplomatic bill by proceeding in a
, regular and parliamentary manner. The House
have not adhered. They have not even insisted
] upon their disagreement. We then can reinsist
! upon our amendments. I understand that the bill
! is now here.
Mr. COOPER. The reverse is the fact.
Mr. BELL. The bill passed the House; it was
sent to the Senate, and the Senate ingrafted upon
it over one hundred amendments. The bill was
transmitted to the House, with a message that we
had made those amendments. The House took
up the amendments, agreed to a large portion of
them, and disagreed to another portion. They
transmitted the bill back to us, with a message
stating what they had done. Then, when we had
the papers, we insisted upon our amendments
which had been disagreed to by the House.
Mr. SMITH. The honorable Senator will per-
mit me to state that the papers are not here. They
are in the House.
Mr. BELL. I shall come to that presently;
honorable Senators are anticipating me. Then we
sent the papers to the House and asked for a con-
ference. That was the first step. Now, if any
gentleman can correct me in this, 1 beg that he
will do so. We sent a message to the House to
this purport, and they sentanswer that they agreed
to that conference. The Committee of Conference
met, and made certain recommendations to their
respective Houses. The Senate agreed to the re-
port, and the House disagreed to it, which they
had a perfect right to do.« The Senate then having
agreed to the report of the Committee of Confer-
ence, and sent a message to the House to that
effect—sending the papers with the message, and
the Ploiise having thereupon disagreed to the re-
port of the committee; and the next step to save
the bill was to be taken by the House. It could
either have adhered to its disagreement to the
amendments of the Senate and let the bill fall, or
insist upon its disagreement to the amendments of
the Senate and ask a second conference. They
have taken the latter course, and what is that ?
They ask a second conference in good temper, so
far as the message is concerned, and I think it is
the duty of the Senate to accede to what is asked.
I agree with the honorable Senator from Indi-
ana [Mr. Bright] that it would be better for us
to reconsider our vote agreeing to the report of
the Committee of Conference, though that is not
essential or material. We have it in our power
to reinsist on our amendments, and agree to the
second conference asked for; but withouta vote of
reconsideration, if we were to agree to the con-
ference now, it might give the House an advan-
tage on a second conference; it might seem as if
the conferees were limited to the consideration of
the disagreeing votes standing after the report of
the first Committee of Conference. If the Senate
agree to a second conference, the whole subject
ought to be open to a second committee, not only
in regard to those points which form the difference
between the two Houses on the report of the com-
mittee, but the whole subject, including all the
amendments of the Senate; otherwise the House
could narrow us down, by-and-by, and have a
committee upon every separate amendment.
Mr. DAVIS. The whole subject will be open
to the second committee.
Mr. BELL. Of course, I say so; and I think
we ought to have that perfectly understood when
we appoint a second committee; but I think it
would be better, in order to have the proceedings
appear in correct form, that we should reconsider
the vote by which we agreed to the report of the
conferees; but if, as suggested by the Senator from
Connecticut, [Mr. Smith,] the papers have not
been sent up by the House, we can do nothing
but grant or refuse a second conference. Regu-
larly, the bill and amendments ought to have been
sent to the Senate with the message asking a sec-
ond conference.
I Mr. PETTIT. This seems to be a question of
dignity or of form between the House and the
Senate. If it is a question of dignity, I beg leave
to say that I do not think we shall add to our dig-
nity by attempting to override or trample upon
the House; nor do I think that by yielding to their
demands we shall lessen ourselves either in their
or in our own estimation. As it is a question of
form, I beg leave to say to the Senate, I have,
and always have had, an utter contempt and scorn
for them. It is substance, not form, that I have
sought. This whole argument and whole debate
have reminded me of an anecdote which I heard
of old General Ethan Allen, thehero of Ticondero-
ga, and other well-fought fields, and after having
told that, I shall take my seat. After the revo-
lutionary war, as I have been informed, General
Ethan Allen having been a lawyer before, had a
case of some considerable importance in the State
of Vermont to attend to. Thinking that he was
to observe all military form, he approached the
sancium of justice, the bench, with his chapeau,
his epaulets, his sword, and all the regalia of a
soldier. He commenced his argument, " May it
please your honor." The judge ordered him to
stop, and said to him, " General Allen, it is not
our custom to suffer ourselves to be addressed by
military men, or men in military attire." " Oh,
very well," said he, " I am not very particular
about it." But said the judge," It is not a matter
of very great importance in itself, but it is a ques-
tion of form." "I will then,"said General Al-
len, " comply with the request." With that he
pulled off his epaulets, cut off his military buttons,
and said he, " I submit; but forms were made for
fools."
Mr. WALKER. Mr. President, if I under-
stand this subject, it is somewhat different from
what it was argued by the Senator from Illinois.
He said that the House had placed itself in a posi-
tion where it could not get through the difficulty,
and that we must take the initiative in order to
enable them to get along. Now, what have the
House done ? The Senator says that they have
disagreed to the report of the Committee of Con-
ference, and that a motion being made to recon-
sider that vote of disagreement, that motion was
laid upon the table. Well, suppose they cannot
take up the report; suppose they cannot get a two-
thirds vote to consider it, they can do this: They
have reported to us that they have done what is
equivalent to insisting upon their disagreement to
our amendments, and they have asked another
committee of conference. Now, I think we can
do one of several things. We can insist, and do
nothing more. We can reinsist upon our amend-
ments, and go no further. We need appoint no
committee in response to the request of the House;
but if we reinsist, the matter willgo back to them,
