1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1101
and it will not then be a question with them |
whether they can set a two-thirds vote to take up
the re'iort, but the question wili be on insisting or
receding from their disagreement to our amend-
ments. Suppose they should insist upon their
disasreement. 'hey could return that message here,
ami * e could insist again, and thus we could keep
the bill passing back and forth until one House
shall have ailnered, for that procedure is a techni-
cal one. An adherence has a very different mean-
ing from a mere insistnnce. We may exchange
messages declaratory of" our insisting until one or
the other House adheres, and we are informed of
that When one House ndneres, that puts an end
to the matter. Here is what is said in a work on
parliamentary law, which proves the position
which I have taken:
"When pirher House, r. the House of Commons,
lend a hill to the other, the other may pass u witli amend-
ments. I'll,- ovular progression 111 tlus case is, that tile
Common;. i'i>aiirt;e to Ille amendment; the Lords lnsiston
it; the Commons insist on their disagreement; the Lords
adhere to tUr-ir amendment; the Commons adhere to their
disagreement. The term of insisting may be repeated as
oiten a* they choose to keep the question open. Hilt the
tirst adherence by either renders it necessan lor the other
in recde or adhere also; when the matter is lisua'lv suf-
fered to fall. — tu Grey, 148. Latterly. however, there are
instances ot their havms gone to a second adherence. There
must be an absolute conclusion ol the subject somewnere,
or otherwise transactions between the Houses wou'd be-
come endless.—3 Hc.f?. -270. The term of insisting,
we are told by Sir John Trevor, was then (1679) newly in-
troduced into parliamentary usage, by the Lords—-7 Greu,
94. 1: w;i; certainly a happy imio\ation, as it multiplies
the opportunities of trying modifications winch may hring
the Houses to a concurrence. Either House, however, is
free to pa^s ov er the term of insisting, and to adhere in the
tirstinstance. — lu Grey, 146. But it is not respect! ul to the
ouier. In the ordinary parliamentary course, there are two
f- 'e conferences at least before an adnerence."—10 Grety,
147.
Either House may recede from its amendment, and
a?ree to the bill; or recede from their disagreement to the
amendment, and aiiree to the same absolutely, or with an
ainenduie.it For here the disagreement and receding de-
stroy one anotlvr, and the "nibnct stands as before the dis-
agreement."—EUynze, 23, 27; 9 Grey, 476.
Now, if anything is to be done, I think it will
be best for us to insist upon our amendments and
let the House hear from us; and then we can see
whether or not they are disposed to insist, for it
does not require a vote of two thirds for them to
try it again. It is for them to insist and send us
a message, and, if they please, repeat their propo-
sition for a second Committee of Conference.
While I do not wish to drive the matter to any
extremity, my impressions are that it is our duty
to ourselves, and perhaps the best method of dis-
charging our duty to the House of Representa-
tives, to send them a simple message announcing
that we insist. I would, therefore, if it be in or-
der, make a motion, not in the form in which the
Senator from Texas has put it, but in the simple
form of parliamentary usage, that we insist upon
our amendment. That does not amount to an ad-
herence; and when that meeftage ha* been sent to
the House, they can take up the subject and act
upon it.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I do not pretend to be
much of a parliamentarian, although I am not des-
titute of some little experience upon such matters.
I rise for the purpose of saying that we have al-
ready insisted upon our amendment, and that
insisting constituted the preliminary steps to the
first conference, and it stands now upon insisting
in both Houses. I apprehend, therefore, that we
have nothing to do but to respond to the message
which the House has sent to us. The bill has
gone away from us, and is not now before us. It
is in the House; they retain it; they send us a
message in reference to it, and I think we have
nothing in the world to do but say yea or nay to
their message, and then if they have any other
message to send us, they will send it hereafter.
I hope we shall respond to their message, and say
whether or not we shall have another Committee
on Conference.
Mr. BADGER. Mr. President, the honorable
Senator from Illinois has suggested, and very
truly, that this a very important question, and one ,
which ought not to be decided by the Senate with- I
out full consideration. Yielding to a remark made
from a source so much entitled to respect and ob-
servance, I feel that it would not be inappropriate
to submit a few more observations to the Senate
upon the question now^inder consideration.
The Senator from Virginia [Mr. Mason] was
pleased to express his surprise that I had assumed
the position that the motion made by the honor-
able Senator from Texas should be adopted, on j
the ground that he had heretofore considered me j
as one of the most conservative members of the
Senate. In the supposition, I think that the hon-
orable Senator was right. 1 am, 1 consider my-
self to be one of the most conservative members
of this body, and one of the most conservative
citizens of this Union; but the surprise which the
honorable Senator expressed, as a deduction or
consequence from that supposition, was entiiely
misplaced. 1 have no notion that it is the part of
true conservatism to neglect a just respect for the
position which we hold as the representatives of
the States of this Union. On the contrary, I be-
lieve that if this Government is to be maintained
upon the principles of the Constitution with its
powers distributed between the coordinate depart-
ments, it is indispensably necessary, and it is the
part of true conservatism, to maintain untouched
and unimpaired every principle and every author-
ity and every right which belongs to all those
separate branches or departments. Now, let us
revert for a moment to what is the true question
before the Senate. Honorable Senators have said
that it is nothing but the ordinary case of the
House declining to accept the report of a Com-
mittee of Conference, and asking for a further
committee. That, sir, in my judgment, is an en-
tire mistake. What do we understand has been
the action of the House of Representatives? They
refused to agree to the report of the Committee of
Conference; but that is not all. A reconsidera-
tion of that vote was moved, and by a vote of the
House that motion to reconsider was ordered to
lie upon the table.
Mr. ADAMS. I would ask the honorable
Senator, can we officially notice anything done by
the other House which is not communicated to us
by message ? Is not that the rule?
Mr. BADGER. I would refer the honorable
Senator on that subject to the honorable Senator
from Indiana, and the remarks which he made
upon the subject of forms. I am not speaking of
what we are to notice m the proceedings of the
Senate, or on the records of the Senate. I am
speaking of what we are to look at as regulating
our proper course upon this occasion. Upon that
subject it is evident that every man must notice
what are the known and undoubted facts of the
case, whether they appear on the message which
the House has sent us or not. What is the re-
sult of that proceeding in the House ? They have,
by their own voluntary conduct, disabled them-
selves, without a voteof two thirds, from retracting
the resolution by which they refused to agree to
the report of the Committee of Conference. Why
was that done? They knew that it mustbeknown
to us; and for the purpose of advising us that they
had put us in a strait or difficulty, out which we
had no means of escape but assenting to such
farther coarse of proceeding as they should think
proper to dietate. They have taken very good
care, though they did not send it here in the mes-
sage, that the individual members of this body
should be fully apprised of thedangerous predica-
ment in which we are placed. I consider that, in
effect, as asking for another Committee of Confer-
ence, accompanied by a threat that if we do not
agree to it, the House will take no further pro-
ceeding in the matter. Therefore, upon that
ground, in the first place, I am for keeping them
to their true position, and saying that we will de-
cline any further conference, and leave them to
disentangle this difficulty, and cut or untie this
knot which is of their own tying, and not of
ours.
Honorable gentlemen here have said that per-
haps these difficulties have arisen because matters
have been put in an appropriation bill which are
not proper to it. 1 wish to be informed how gen-
tlemen undertake to determine what in the nature
of things is proper or improper to an appropria-
tion bill. The House of Representatives originate
an appropriation bill. They have their own rules
as to what shall go into it, though usually, I be-
lieve, in practice, they are not very close in follow-
ing them out. They send that bill to us with what
they choose to insert in it. We have no joint rule
of the two Houses regulating what must be in-
serted in an appropriation bill; and what is the
consequence ? Each House must decide for itself.
Then it is perfectly idle, in my judgment, not
using that term in any disrespectful sense towards
any one who has used the argument, to talk about
what is appropriate to an appropriation bill. As
far as the joint orders of the two Houses are con-
cerned, anything is appropriate which we or the
House may choose to put into it. Then what
does the appropriation bill consist of? It is made
up of miscellaneous items and propositions sent to
us from the House of Representatives; and when
we agree to what is sent by the House, with cer-
tain amendments which we put to it, does that in-
volve an absolute agreement to a single word in
the bill as it came to us from the House of Rep-
resentatives? Surely it does not. We agree to
what? Do we agree to a single clause or provis-
ion of the bill absolutely? Not at all; but we
pass the bill—how? With amendments. We
give ourconsentconditionally—provided thatthose
amendments which we make are put to it. What
ritrht, then, has the House of Representatives to
tell us, You have voted in amendments which are
not appropriate, and you shall not put into the
bill what, according to the rules that we have pre-
scribed for ourselves, we cannot put in? We
have just as much right by our rules to regulate
the House of Representatives as to what they
shall put into an appropriation bill, as they can
have to regulate us upon this subject. Then how
does it happen that in the threatening attitude
which the House has thought proper to assume
towards us, we are bound to do anything more
than respectfully to decline to enter into any fur-
ther conference? Am I for treating the House
with any disrespect? Par from it. Is it any dis-
respect to decline civilly what is asked from us?
If so, then it would follow that when the House
of Representatives asked us for a conference we
were bound to grant it; then it is no asking, it is
no request, but a command, and I do not ac-
knowledge it. The House, in respectful terms I
admit, has asked us for a further conference.
Where is the disrespect if we in respectful terms
decline that conference?
Now, if there be, as I confess there has been
with myself and some others, some feeling of ex-
citement on this subject, is it not perfectly nat-
ural under the circumstances in which we are
placed ? Here come to us at the close of this ses-
sion—and I believe at the close of every session
since I have been a member of the Sentate, or cer-
tainly for the last two or three years—all the ap-
propriation bills. My honorable friend from Ma-
ryland, [Mr. Pearce,] who has been a member,
and a most efficient member, of the Committee on
Finance ever since I have been in the Senate,
knows that the Committee on Finance have had
scarcely time to examine those bills, and they are
sometimes obliged, as they have been at this ses-
sion, to report a bill which they believed needed
amendment, and to leave it without amendment
on account of the want of time to consider it.
The Senate amend these bills and send them to
the House; the House disagree to some of our
amendments, and a conference is pressed and the
committee is granted. That committee meet and
agree upon certain terms of mutual concession
and compromise between the two Houses. Now,
1 ask, when has the Senate refused to concur in
such a proceeding for peace and saving the appro-
priation bills? No instance has ever occurred, I
believe—certainly none since I have been a mem-
ber of the Senate.
Well, sir, in this case the House refuses to con-
cur in the report of the Committee of Conference;
but that is not all. They refused to concur, and
a motion to reconsider the vote of refusal was
made, and that motion to reconsider was ordered
to lie on the table. Why, it was sufficient for
them to have refused to concur. Why did they
superadd a proceeding which puts it beyond the
power of a majority of that House to take any
further step upon that subject? I recollect very
well, that precisely the same thing happened with
regard to their vote of adherence, two or three
years ago. Two or three committees of confer-
ence had taken place. There were a number of
disagreeing votes between the two Houses. Upon
the meeting of the first conference they agreed
upon all but three of those subjects. The Com-
mittee of Conference reported agreement upon
those matters, and their inability to agree upon
the others. We concurred promptly in the re-
port, and another committee of conference was
appointed to consider the remaining matters of
disagreement. The committees agreed upon all
of those matters.
