1102
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
In this state of things, and while we had the last |
report before us, what did the House of Repre- ;
sentatives do ? Thev passed a vote to adhere to
their disagreement to one of the amendments, and
they receded from the other two. Then a prop-
osition was moved to reconsider the vote on the
motion to adhere, and that motion was laid upon
the table. The Senate were here on the last night
of the session, and they were informed that the
House had placed themselves in such a situation
that the bill must be lost unless we receded; and
we then—[ take my full share, sir—weakly
yielded to that condition of things, and we receded
from the amendment. Now, we have the same
process to be performed over asrain—with regard
to that report of the Committee of Conference. The
Senate made thirty-two amendments to that bill.
The report of the Committee of Conference pro-
posed that the Senate should recede in twenty-
three of those instances, and that the House should
recede from their disagreement in the other nine.
We promptly agreed to it; the House refused.
What is the meaning of it > Disguise it as you
may, it is nothing but this: that we must take the
doings of the House and conform our action to
them. I am not for doing this. For one, I will
vote against any such proposition; and if the Sen-
ate choose to recede from the position which is
proposed to be taken by my honorable friend from
Texas, let them do it; and I, for one, shall under-
stand my true position and the true position of
this body as defined by the Senate, and submit to
whatever is prescribed from the other end of the
Capitol.
Mr. HOUSTON. I have heard with very deep
concern the discussion which has been going on
in this body on this question. We are drawing
to the close of the session. We have but little
time, and yet there is much dependent upon our
action, more perhaps than we are aware of. At
the first view of the question, and so far as I un-
derstand the difference between the two Houses,
it is upon a point of etiquette and dignity. I am
not sufficiently conversant with the rules of the
Senate to determine ho w far the subject of etiquette
ought to be considered in this matter; nor am I
prepared to say how far our dignity is affected;
butit is my opinion, that in this controversy, very
little would be gained by either in a triumph. The
country, on the one hand, may be essentially pre-
judiced in its interests. I look upon this transac-
tion, unless we do harmonize it, as an apple of
discord, that might not be consumed for years to
come. Harmony and cooperation between the
two branches of the National Legislature is very
important to the object of successful legislation;
and I do trust that Senators coming up to their
work will lay aside the first flush of indignation,
and be disposed to look at this matter wiih cool-
ness and calmness, and with that consideration
■which the importance of our position entitles it to.
What would it gain, Mr. President, if we were,
on this occasion, on account of a few thousand
dollars, perchance, that may be the nutter in con-
troversy, defeat the object of this session of Con-
gress, and render a necessity for convoking an-
other Congress to enable the Executive of the
country to conduct the affairs of Government? Our
civil and diplomatic relations are embraced within
the provisions of this bill. Upon the administra-
tion of the civil concerns of the country, depends
the vital existence of the Government, and upon
our international relations its secondary interests.
In disturbing those, we would do great prejudice;
and for all that we would accomplish by standing
on our dignity on this occasion, if either party
were to triumph in the contest, it would not obtain
for the whole body in eiiher House a breakfast at
Walker's restaurant to-morrow morning. I am
not for disturbing the interests of the country on
account of any matter of imaginary dignity; but
I am for transacting the business of the country,
for which we were deputed by our constituents,
and ending in harmony and peace with each other,
the business for which we were convoked. If
either body were to concede a little, would it make
the body granting the concession any poorer? I
am sure it would not enrich the other.
In taking this view of the subject, 1 might add
an additional consideration. An extra session can-
not be convoked and held here for the purpose of
remedying what is within the reach of this body at
this moment, for less than $250,000 or $300,000.
It has been said that there is a difficulty between the I
two Houses, on account of the increase of the sal-
aries given to the officers of the Cabinet. That in-
crease amounts only to $14,000. If we were to sur-
render this point, therefore, it would retain §14,000
in the Treasury, instead of losing $'250,000 or
§300,000 in an extra session, and not gaining any
addition whatever to the salaries. Entertaining
these views, I move to amend the motion of my
colleague, by striking out the word " decline,"and
inserting the words" agree to."
Mr. RUSK called for the yeas and nays on the
amendment; and they were ordered.
Mr. COOPER. Mr. President, the honorable
Senator from Texas [Mr. Houston] seems to re-
gard this as a mere question of dignity and eti-
quette. I look upon it in a somewhat different
light. I regard it as affecting the character and
independence of the body. Let us look for a mo-
ment at the real condition of this question. What
is the object of the appointment of a committee of
conference ? When the legislative branches of the
Government disagree, the object is, for the pur-
pose of composing the differences between the two
bodies; and although the parliamentary law does
not require the adoption of the reports made by the
respective committees of conference, yet there is
scarcely upon record an instance in which the re-
spective Houses have not adopted the reports of
those committees. It has become the understand-
ing of all legislative bodies that the two Houses
are bound to adopt the reports of their committees
of conference; and is it not reasonable that they
should? What is the benefit of such committees
if the Houses that appoint them do not adopt their
reports? When the two branches disagree, intel-
ligent representatives of them are appointed to take
into consideration the subjects of disagreement,
and to present to each other the reasons upon
which the two Houses have disagreed. When
these reasons have been heard, and the joint com-
mittee has agreed upon a report, it is the duty of
both Houses to adopt that report. With the ex-
ception of the cases which have been referred to,
I know of no instance in which the reports made
by such committees have not been adopted. I ad-
mit, however, that under the law of Parliament,
each House has a right to disagree to the report of
the committee; and if there had been in this case
nothing more than a mere disagreement on the
part of the House to the report of the Senate, there
would have been nothing offensive, and there would
have been no just ground of complaint on the part
of the Senate; but, sir 
Mr. ADAMS. I rise to a question of order. I
wish to know whether it is in order to allude to
anything done or said in the other House, unless
it is communicated by message ?
Mr. COOPER. I await the decision of the ;
Chair. •
Mr. RUSK. It seems to me that it is too late
to raise the question of order, because that matter
has been discussed by several gentlemen.
^ Mr. COOPER. I am willing to submit to the
decision of the Chair. I
The PRESIDING 9FFICER, (Mr. Davis in
the chair.) The opinion of the Chair would be
that, according to the strict rule, that which does
not appear upon the record sent from the other
House cannot be referred to; but nevertheless the
debate has taken so wide a range, that it seems
proper to the Chair that the gentleman should be
allowed to proceed.
Mr. COOPER. I might have hesitated to pur-
sue the line of remark which I have been pursuing, ]
if it had not been that the example was set to me ,
by the honorable Senator who now occupies the
chair. I was about to say that the House did
not stop with a mere disagreement to the report 1
of the committee, but they went a step further. '
The report was disagreed to, and by a vote of the ;
House; a motion (the effect of which you and I, j
sir, very well understand) was made that a recon- i
sideration of that vote should be had; and the
party who moved it, at the same moment made a
motion that the motion to reconsider should lie
upon the table, thus tying their own hands, and
preventing them from conferring with the Senate
further, except by a vote of two thirds. Now,
when this has been done by the House, do we
not owe it to our own dignity and decency, (al-
though gentlemen may laugh at dignity and at
decency,) that we should vindicate both those
qualities, which I trust we possess, by pursuing
a course that will show to the other branch of the
Legislature that we understand our rights, and
that we mean to stand upon them? 1 think that
the course pointed out by the motion of the Sen-
ator from Texas [Mr. Rusk] is the true course to
be pursued. It is the one which, in my judgment,
best comports with the dignity of this body.
Although there are those amongst us who think
that our dignity—that the national safety, as one
gentleman tells you, depends upon our receding
from the position which we would assume, if the
course which I have pointed out were pursued, I
venture to say that if it he adopted, it will not be
many minutes before the House will find the means
of disentangling the state of things into which they
were careful to put themselves, in order that they
might be able to get out again. I think that closely
as the knot may be tied, if they cannot unloose it
they will cut it; and that they will, if we act firm-
ly, agree to take the amendments as reported by
the Committee of Conference.
Mr. WELLER. I really think that we have
debated this question long enough, as I am very
anxious to bring the Senate to a vote. The course
which has been pursued in the debate of this ques-
tion , satisfies me of the propriety and the necessity
of the passage of that bill which we had under con-
sideration at the time when we took this subject
up—I refer to the indigent insane bill. If the de-
bate is to continue, I shall move to lay the whole
subject upon the table, with a view to proceed to
I the consideration of that important bill. I shall,
1 however, if we are to have a vote, vote in favor of
the amendment of the Senator from Texas, [Mr.
Houston,] for I do not think that the dignity of
the Senate has been affronted. I am very sure that
mine has not been, and I am quite willing to meet
the House of Representatives again in confer-
ence. If the Senate are ready to vote, I will yield
the floor; but if the debate is to continue, I shall
prefer saying a few words myself.
Mr. BAYARD. I cannot consent to give my
vote on either the resolution or the amendment,
without taking up some little time of the Senate in
stating the view which I take of this subject.
Mr. WELLER. I am sure that there is no
Senator on this floor to whom I would yield with
greater pleasure than the Senator from Delaware;
but if the discussion is to continue, I move to lay
the whole subject on the table.
Mr. GWIN. I call for the yeas and nays
upon it, as a test question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MANGUM. I understand the motion is
to lay the whole subject on the table. Does that
carry with it the message from the House, as well
: as the motion of the Senator from Texas?
The PRESIDINGOFFICER. TheChairun-
j derstands that if the motion to lay on the table be
agreed to, the message will go with it.
j The question being taken by yeas and nays on
the motion of Mr. Weller, resulted—yeas 12,
nays 33; as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Badger, Cooper, Foot, Gwin, Jameg,
Mallory, Mangum, Norris, Smith, Soule, Walker, and
Weller—12.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Atchison, Bayard, Bell, Bor-
land, Bradbury, Bright, Brodhead, Chase, Davis, Dawson,
De Saussure, Dodgp of fowa, Douglas, Downs, Felch,
Fish, Filzpatriek, Geyer, Hamlin, Houston, Jones of Ten-
nessee, Mason, Morton, Pearce, Petlit, Pratt, Rusk, Se-
bastian, Shields, Spruance, Sumner, and Underwood—33.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. BAYARD. Before 1 give my vote on this
resolution, I wish to detain the Senate for a very
short time, with stating the reasons why I cannot
vote for it as it stands, and yet I am in favor of
the object which I presume it means to accomplish.
When this subject first came before the Senate, I
confess that like many other members of the bod y,
connecting it with various other matters which had
transpired during the present session, I feltasense
of irritation. But that feeling passed away with
the moment, and I have endeavored since to give
the subject that reflection which I could; and I
will now present my views as briefly as possible.
It presents itself to my mind in two aspects. If
on a single bill, sent from the Senate to the House
of Representatives there had occurred differences
of opinion, and on comparing those differences
the two Houses were not able to agree, and a com-
mittee of conference was resorted to, and that
committee agreed on the terms they would recom-
mend to their respective Houses, and the House
had chosen to dissent from that report, and asked
another conference, I might vote to agree to that
