1108
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
while in the employ of the United States; but no
interest is to be allowed. !
Mr. PETTIT. I have the documents and
papers in that case. If gentlemen want to hear
them read, I will read them with pleasure. The
claim is perfectly right beyond all question. It
has already passed the House of Representatives.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be read a third time, read
a third time, and passed. jj
EXPLORATION OF THE AMAZON. |i
Mr. FISH. I move that the Senate take up for '
consideration the resolution reported from the
Committee on Naval Affairs, for printing the re-
port of Lieutenant Herndon.
The motion was agreed to.
The resolution is as follows:
" Resolved, That there be printed for the use of the Sen-
ate, ten thousand extra copies of the first report of the ex-
ploration of the valley of the Amazon and its tributaries,
made by Lieutenant William Herndon in connection with
Lieutenant Lardener Gibbon, under instructions from the
Navy Department; and also, the same number of copies of
the remaining portion of the report which may hereafter be
furnished, together with the maps and charts of the objects
treated of in said report, ef which number, five hundred
shall be furnished to the Navy Department, and two hun-
dred to Lieutenants Herndon and Gibbon, one hundred
each.
" Resolved further, That if the remaining portion of the '
report shall not be printed before the close of the present
session, it be transmitted to the Secretary of the Senate."
The resolution was agreed to.
MARY BAWRY. 1
On motion by Mr. SUMNER, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the !
bill from the House of Representatives "for the
relief of Mary Bawry." It proposes to direct the
Secretary of the Interior to place upon the pension
roll the name of Mary Bawry, of Boston, Massa- j:
chusetts, widow of Lewis Bawry, who served j'
three campaigns as a captain of grenadiers during !
the revolutionary war, and to pay her a pension |:
at the rate of $600 per annum from the 25th of
June, 1850, during her life.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a
third time, and passed.
BETSEY NORTON.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Hates, its Chief Clerk,
announcing that it had passed Senate bill for the
relief of Betsey Norton.
PATENT OFFICE REPORT.
Mr. BORLAND. I hold in my hand several i
reports from the Committee on Printing, which I
am directed to submit to the Senate. The first is [
to report the following resolution:
Resolved, That seventeen thousand extra copies of the
Arts and Manufactures, and thirty two thousand eight
hundred copies of Agricultural reports of the Commis-
sioner of Patents be printed for the use of the Senate.
The resolution was agreed to. J
COAST SURVEY REPORT. !
Mr. BORLAND. I have also the following '
resolution to report:
" Resolved, That ten thousand extra copies of the report I
of the Superintendent of the Coast Survey for the year 1852
be printed; five thousand copies for the use of the Senate,
and the remainder for the use of the Coast Survey Office • i
that laid report be printed and bound with plates in quarto
form, and that the plates be executed under the direction of
the Superintendent of the Coast Survey; the cost thereof
not to exceed one dollar per set." j
The resolution was agreed to.
SITGREAVES'S REPORT.
Mr. BORLAND. Thesame committee, to which !
was referred the report of the Secretary of War
C?"LimJ?icatins'in comPliance with a resolution '
of the Senate, a report of the expedition down the
Missouri aud Colorado rivers by Captain Sit-
greaves, has directed me to report in favor of
printing the same.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. CHASE. I move that two thousand extra
copies of that report be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
BUSINESS BEFORE COMMITTEES
Mr. BORLAND. I have a number of reports '
from which the Committee on Public Lands ask i
to be discharged.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I move to discharge that
committee from all unfinished business before it.
Mr. ADAMS. I move to amend by inserting
" all committees."
Mr. BADGER. The Senator will allow me to
suggest to him, that it necessarily follows, accord-
ing to parliamentary law, when the session ex-
pires, the committees are discharged. It is there-
fore not necessary to make the motion. |
Mr. ADAMS. I withdraw the motion. i
SOLAR COMPASS.
Mr. BORLAND. The Committee on Public
Lands has directed me to report a bill to enable
the United States to make use of the solar com-
pass in public surveys. I do not desire to ask
for its passage now, but simply that the bill and
report may be printed.
They were ordered to be printed.
SOUTHERN MICHIGAN RAILROAD COMPANY.
On motion by Mr. HAMLIN, the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill from the House of Representatives " for
the relief of the Southern Michigan Railroad Com-
pany ." It proposes to direct the Postmaster Gen-
eral to pay to that company $971 47, for services
in transporting the great northern mail. j
The bill was reported to the Senate without !
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a
third time, and passed.
HENRY CLICK.
On motion by Mr. WELLER, the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill from the House of Representatives to in-
crease the pension of Henry Click, of Tennessee.
It proposes to direct the Secretary of the Interior
to increase the pension of Henry Click, who was
placed on the roll of pensioners under the act for
the relief of certain invalid pensioners, approved
March 2, 1833, to $8 per month, such increase to
commence on the 1st of January, 1848.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a
third time, and passed.
JAMES H. JENKINS.
On motion by Mr. ADAMS, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill from the House of Representatives for the
relief of James H. Jenkins. It proposes to direct
the Postmaster General to pay him $3,198, for
damages actually incurred by him in consequence
of an order from the Postmaster General changing
the route on which he had contracted to carry the
mail to a point between Knoxville and Sparta, in
Tennessee.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a
third time, and passed.
MARY PIERSON.
On motion by Mr. FOOT, the Senate, as in
Committee of the ^Vhole, proceeded to consider;
the bill from the House of Representatives for the I,
relief of Mary Pierson. It proposes to direct the f
Secretary of the Interior to place the name of Mary !
Pierson, of Newburyport, Massachusetts, widow
of Silas Pierson, on trie roll of revolutionary pen-
sioners, at the rate of twenty-four dollars per
month, from the ]6th of March, 1848, during life.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a
third time, and passed.
JAMES WRIGHT, JR.
On motion by Mr. BELL, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill from the House of Representatives for the
relief of James Wright, jr. It proposes to direct
the Secretary of the Interior to place the name of
James Wright, jr., of Sullivan county, Tennessee,
on the roll of invalid pensioners, and that he be
allowed a pension of $5 33 per month from the
4th of March, 1840, during life.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to af third reading, read a
third time, and passed.
REGISTERS FOR VESSELS.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Hayes, its Chief Clerk, !'
announcing that in conformity with the request i
of the Senate, it returned to the Senate a bill au- i
thorizing the Secretary of the Treasury to grant a 1
register to certain vessels. j
Mr. HAMLIN. I move to reconsider the vote i,
by which the Senate adopted an amendment to
that bill.
The motion was agreed to.
The question recurring on the amendment, it
was rejected; consequently the bill as it came from
the House of Representatives was passed.
THOMPSON BARNETT.
On motion by Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, the Sen-
ate, as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the joint resolution from the House of
Representatives for the relief of Thompson Bar-
nett. It proposes to direct the Postmaster Gen-
eral to pay to Thompson Barnett, of Logansport,
Indiana, $123 75 for services rendered by him in
carrying the mail in Indiana from July 1,1842, to
February 16, 1843. *
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to a third reading,
read a third time, and passed.
CONTINUANCE OF SELECT COMMITTEES.
Mr. HOUSTON. I offer the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That the Select Committee appointed to in-
quire into abuses, bribery, or fraud in the prosecution of
claims before Congress, Commissions, or the Departments,
or in passing through Congress bills embracing private, in-
dividual, or corporate interests, or in obtaining or granting
contracts, be continued after the close of the present session
of Congress, during the continuance of the Executive ses-
sion, commencing on the 4th of March instant.
Mr. WELLER. I desire to amend that. The
committee appointed to investigate the charges
made against the United States Boundary Com-
mission has been engaged in taking testimony for
many weeks past. At least four or five deposi-
tions have been taken to-day. I move, therefore,
to insert in the resolution the words " and the Se-
lect Committee on the Mexican Boundary Com-
mission." The committee will not be able to com-
plete its duties until the extra session of the Senate
is through.
The amendment was agreed to, and the resolu-
tion as amended was adopted.
PERCENTAGE ON COMPENSATION.
Mr. BRADBURY. I desire to offer a resolu-
tion to do a simple act of justice. By an act of
Congress of the last session, our clerks, messen-
gers, laborers, and employees received twenty per
cent, in addition to their pay. The construction
of that law by the Comptroller excluded our Ser-
geant-at-Arms and Doorkeeper, and theSergeant-
at-Arms and Doorkeeper of the House, who are
neither clerks nor messengers. Upon discovering
that, the House made provision for their Sergeant-
at-Arms and Doorkeeper; and the resolution which
I propose is simply to correct the mistake in re-
gard to our Sergeant-at-Arms and Doorkeeper, in
order that they who did not happen to be either
clerks or messengers shall stand as the others did.
The resolution is as follows:
Resolved, That there be paid to the Sergeant-at-Arms of
the Senate and Assistant Doorkeeper Holland,who received
no part of the percentage of increase allowed to other
officers and employees of the Senate at the last session, the
same addition to their regular pay which the House of Rep
resentatives has authorized to be added to the former pay ot
the Sergeant at-Arms and Doorkeeper of the House.
The resolution was read a first and second time,
and considered by the Senate as in Committee of
the Whole; and no amendment being proposed, it
was reported to the Senate, ordered to a third read-
ing, read a third time, and passed.
Mr. WELLER subsequently said: A resolu-
tion was introduced by the Senator from Maine a
few moments ago in regard to percentage of two
of our officers. The question upon that resolu-
tion was taken without a division. I therefore
move to reconsider the vote.
Mr. BRADBURY. I should like to know the
reasons for that motion. There seems to be some
misapprehension on the part of the Senator.
Mr. WELLER. I desire to know the reason
why a discrimination should be made in favor of
tnma
Mr. BRADBURY. I will explain it. At the
last session of Congress there was put into the
appropriation bill a provision that the clerics and
messengers should receive twenty per cent, in ad-
dition to their pay. The Comptroller decided that
the Sergeants-at-Arms and Assistant Doorkeepers
of both Houses were neither clerks nor messen-
gers, consequently they did not get the twenty per
cent. Since that was known to the House, it was
corrected by making an addition to the pay of their
