1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
favor of its passage. I am satisfied they would
havf agreed to it.
The motion to take up the bill was agreed to^
ami the Sena-e, as in Committee of the Wholej
proceeded to its consideration.
It proposes to direct the Secretary of the Interior
tn p'ace the name of Gardiner Herring, of the
Slate ot Ohio, 011 the invalid pension roll, at the
rale of enrht dollars per month, from the 1st of
January. H45, during life.
Mr. ADAMS. I wish to hear some reason
why the nension is to commence in 1845.
Mr. GL\ F.Fl. That is the time when the proof
was made, the petition presented to the House,
and a report favorably made upon it.
Mr. ADAMfe. When were the services ren-
dered !
Mr. GEYER. In the war of 1812. The per-
son was a private in the 14th regiment of infantry
in that war.
Mr. ADAMS. As the case occupies a very
peculiar position, I will move to strike out 184o,
and insert 1853.
Mr. CHASE. I am certain my friend from
Mississippi will not do that. It will involve the
necessity of sending the bill back to the House.
Mr. ADAMS. As that is the case, 1 withdraw
the amendment.
The bill was then ordered to be read a third
time, and was read a third time and passed.
ROBEIIT GIBSON.
On motion by Mr. HUNTER, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill from the House of Representatives for the
relief of Robert Gibson.
It proposes to direct the Secretary of the Interior
to allow him a pension, at the rate of eight dollars
a month, from the 1st of January, 1852, during
life.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be read a third time, read
a third time, and passed.
LAND OFFICES IN FLORIDA.
Mr. FELCH. I am directed by the Committee
on Public Lands, to which was referred the peti-
tions of citizens of the southern portion of Florida,
praying the establishment of a new land office i
there, to report a bill.
The bill was read a first and second time, and
considered by the Senate as in committee of the
whole.
''.proposes to establish a new land district in
Florida, and makes the usual provisions for the
appointment of the necessary officers, and the
transfer of maps, plats, &c., in relation to it, to
the proper office.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third j
reading, read a third time, and passed. I
WEST FELICIANA RAILROAD COMPANY. j
Mr. DAWSON. It will be recollected by the
Senate that my friend the Senator from Missis-
sippi, [Mr. Brooke,] had a bill for the relief of
the West Feliciana Railroad Company. We went
into Commit'ee of the Whole upon it, and came
out of committee, agreeing to an amendment, and
the bill then went over to be read a third time the
next day, when it was passed over in consequence
of my absence. There was an amendment to it
agreed to, putting a railroad in Georgia upon the
same footing. I move that the Senate take up
that bill now.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the bill. It was or-
dered to a third reading, was read a third time, and
passed; and the title was amended by adding" and
for other purposes."
COMMITTEE ON ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. BADGER. Mr. President,by some mis-
take the Senator from Alabama [Mr. Fitzpat-
Rick] has madea very careful examination of some
enrolled bills. He belongs to the Committee on
Engrossed Bills. In order to enable him to re-
port them, I move that he be appointed an addi-
tions! member of the Committee on Enrolled Bills.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE. n
A message was received from the House of ;
Representatives, by Mr. Hayes, its Chief Clerk,
stating that the House concurred in the resolution [
that the 16th and 17th joint rule be suspended so [
1111
fer as relates to Senate bill No. 678; and that it
had passed Senate bills Nos. 601 and 631 with
amendment.
URSULA E. COBB.
. On motion of Mr. FISH, the Senate concurred
in the amendment of the House to the bill for the
relief of Ursula E. Cobb.
The amendment of the House was to strike out
of the bill the words—
" Half monthly pay which her husband wan receivinc at
the9uIof°M-.v%Xw ' T" COI","',,'*K'1"" "> commence on
tnt yttiot Maj ,1648, and cormnuc during her widowhood
And insert in lieu thereof:
"Ten dollars per month, to commence on the 9ih of
May, 1W, and to continue for and during the term ot five
years. 3
TERRITORY OF NEBRASKA. -
Mr. DOUGLAS. As there seems to be no
business before the Senate, I move to take up the
bill from the House of Representatives to organize
the Territory of Nebraska.
Mr. RUtsIv. 1 hope that bill will not be taken
up. It will lead to discussion beyond all question
Mr. ATCHISON, (Mr. Bell in the chair.)
I must ask the indulgence of the Senate to say
one word in relation to this matter. Perhaps
there is not a State in the Union more deeply in-
• * L n   - - — - . "   .1 .1 a _ i *
to itself the right, in the event of their selling it,
to purchase it. The only power, the only title
that the United States has to any portion of the
territory, as I understand it, is the right to pur-
chase it. The Government has the eminent do-
main, but the usufruct belongs to the Indians, if
they thinK proper to keep it, in all time to come.
If there is one foot of it there, we have no right
to extend our jurisdiction over it. Again: I am
told that there are not one hundred white people
there, and they are all trespassers. To attempt,
then, to call this bill up and pass it, with so thin a
benate as this, is, in my humblejudffment, improp-
er, and cannot meet my approbation. If it were
a private claim, a mere matter of justice to an in-
dividual, I would have no objection; but at this
stage of the session to call up a measure of so
much importance, it seems to me, should not be
done, and I shall resist, by all the means known
to me, consistent with the rules of the Senate, the
consideration of the bill at this time.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. The Committee of Con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the Indian appropriation bill, have been unable
to agree. I therefore do not make any report as
such, but feel myself authorized and instructed,
in - C „ I  1 . v i . '
terested in this question than the State of Missou- i^'n cnnsetluence °f the understanding between the
' t 1' .. . . I I v .. m ATYI  .1 . ii
J' n0' ^ar£est  1 Wi'l say the best portion
of that territory, perhaps the only portion of it
that in half a century will become a State, lies
> immediately west of the State of Missouri. It is
i only a question of time whether we will organize
the territory at this session of Congress, or wheth-
er we will do it at the next session; and for my !
own part I acknowledge now, as the Senator from i
Illinois well knows, when I came to this city, at !
the beginning of the last session, I was perhaps i
as much opposed to the proposition as the Sena-
tor from Texas now is. The Senator from Iowa
knows it; and it was for reasons which 1 will not
now mention or suggest. But, sir, I have upon
reflection and investigation in my own mind and
from the opinions of others—my constituents
whose opinions I am bound to respect—come to
the conclusion that now is the time for the organ-
ization of this Territory. It is themost propitious
time. The treaties with the various Indian tribes,
the titles to whose possessions must be extin-
guished, can better be made now than at any future
time; for as this question is agitated, and as it is
understood, white men, speculators, will inter-
pose and interfere, and the longer it is postponed
the more we will have to fear from them, and the
more difficult it will be to extinguish the Indian
title in that country, and the harder the terms to
be imposed. Therefore, Mr. President, for this
reason, without going into detail, I am willing
now that the question shall be taken, whether we
will proceed to the consideration of the bill or not.
Mr. ADAMS. I wish to make an inquiry of
the former chairman of the Committee on Indian
Affairs, [Mr. Atchison.] I desire to inquire
whether the country to be embraced in this Ter-
ritory belongs to the Indians?
"Mr. DOUGLAS. If the Senator will allow a
vote to be taken, and the bill to be taken up, he
will see how it is.
Mr. ADAMS. I want to know now. |
Mr. DOUGLAS. But this is not proceeding
regularly. Allow the bill to be taken up, and
then discuss it.
Mr. ADAMS. It is the lirst time that I ever
heard such objection raised in this body as that
such remarks were irregular. It would be con-
trary to precedent not to be irregular. [Laugh-
ter.] |
Mr. DOUGLAS. I have no objection to dis- !
cuss the merits of the bill, but I want a free scope J
of debate allowed. If the Senate will allow the
bill to be taken up, 1 will endeavor to explain the
matter.
Mr. ADAMS. I am not willing to take it up
until I am convinced that we have jurisdiction
over it. If I am correctly informed in relation to
it, the portion of country proposed to be embraced
in this new Territory is Indian territory. Accord-
ing to the treaties we have formed with the Indian
tribes they have the usufruct of the land; that is, |
they have a right to occupy the territory, ac-
cording to treaty stipulations with the United
States, in all time to come, if they think proper ||
to keep it. But the Government has reserved i!
members of the committee, to say that we could
have agreed upon all the points of difference, being
five out of six, except the ninth amendmentof the
Senate, which was an amendment in reference to
military Indian reservations in California. Upon
that the Committee of Conference was unable to
agree. I will further state, that the terms upon
which we agreed, or the terms upon which we are
likely to agree, would be by the Senate receding
from amendment No. 5 to the bill, which isa pro-
i viso in reference to the payment of money to any
agent, which was offered and recommended by the
Senator from Texas, inflicting penalties for its
violation. The committee of the House was
willing to recommend to the House to concur in
the sixth amendment of the Senate, by which the
appropriation of $15,000 to the Texas Indians
was increased to $30,000, with the proviso pro-
posed to be added:
" Ofwhich sum, ,f 15,000 may he expended in such man-
ner as the Secretary ol the Interior may deem necessary for
subsi.-tence and preserving peace with the Indians."
The committee on the part of the Senate agreed
to recommend that the Senate recede from the
appropriation for the value of the reservation to
Andrew Taylor, and from the amendment embra-
cing the extension of the time of the land commis-
sioners in California, upon the ground that there
was no necessity for passing it now, because the
commission would not expire until March, 1854.
So that the committee could have agreed upou
every point, with the exception of the one for col-
lecting the Indians together in California. It was
understood, however, that if the Senate acted upon
this intimation, so far as to recede from the other
amendments, the committee on the part of the
House would undertake, oil their individual re-
sponsibility, to recommend the House to concur
in the amendment in regard to the California In-
dians. I have now stated the prospect whi«h
the bill has, but make no report. I therefore
move that the Senate recede from its 5th, 8th and
10th amendments, and insist on Ks 6th and 9th,
and ask a committee of conference.
Mr. BORLAND. I desire to make an inquiry
of my colleague with regard to the 5th amend-
ment. I do not clearly understand the views of
the committee on that subject, or the position in
which it stood.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. Thefifth amendment was
a proviso to the effect that the money should not
be paid to any other person but the one to whom
it was appropriated. The committee agreed to
recede from that, on the ground that there is al-
ready a provision of general law applicable to the
case. It was observed by the committee of the
House that it would work with peculiar hardship
upon the Indian chiefs here attending to their busi-
ness, particular reference being had to the Shaw-
nee chiefs.
Mr. HOUSTON. I think it was tantamount
to a sanction of corruption, fraud, and swindling.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I will divide the motion,
and move now that the Senate recede from its 8th
and 10th amendments.
The motion was agreed to. 0
