1114
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
that the Presiding Officer of the body would not
transcend the proper rules of the body himself,
[iauyhter;] and I will not take a greater latitude 1
than he has done. When I restrain myself to the
very standard of propriety and intelligence, that .
is enough.
The honorable Senator says that he has no ex-
pectation that the Wilmot proviso will ever be re-
pealed. Now, sic, I had as much respect for, and
came as near sacrificing myself upon, the Wilmot
proviso as any gentleman in the Senate. I voted
for the organization of the Oregon Territory upon
the faith of the Wilmot proviso, while it was re-
pudiated by the honorable Senator himself, and
by every other southern Senator. It was the
Missouri compromise principle which was there,
which was the same thing as the Wilmot proviso.
But the gentleman talks about the condition of
the frontier bordering upon these Indian tribes.
He says they are restrained there by nothing but
the dread of the law. They are dying out of the
Missouri States. They are commanded to stand
agains* all the Indian tribes east of the Rocky
Mountains, and they require and receive protec-
tion from those Indians occupying the borders. I
have no doubt that an Indian would make a peace-
able arrangement with the honorable Senator. If
tliey would let the Indians alone the Indians would
let them alone. We have evidence of their law-
abiding disposition in the presence and conduct of
the honorable Senator who fills the presiding chair
of the Senate with so much propriety and fitness;
and yet he says that the citizens, those gallant and
numerous hordes of soldiers, will break loose and
exterminate the Indians, or dispossess them of
their soil, and violate all the sacredness of the
pledge given and indorsed by the highest function-
aries of the Republic. I will read only one pro-
vision in the treaty with the Cherokees, the article
which was made in 1835, fourteen or fifteen years
after the principle of the line of 36° 30' was estab-
lished. In the fifth article of that treaty is the
following;
" The Cherokees and the United States hereby covenant
and agree that the land ceded to the Cherokee Nation in the
foregoing country shall, in no future time, without their con-
sent, be included within the territorial limits or junsdiction
of any State or Territory."
Mr ATCHISON. I will ask whether the ter-
ritor^eded by that treaty lies in any part of Ne-
braska? The bill does not touch the territory ceded
by that treaty.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 assure the honorable Sen-
ator it does, for I am as familiar with that coun-
try as I am with the Capitol grounds. I know
the Grande river or the Neosho for one hundred
and thirty mites from its junction with the Arkan-
sas; and I know the Arkansas and the Canadian;
and I know their several junctions, their length,
their direction, their parallels, and it does embrace
the territory of the Cherokees, or a large portion
of it, and it is so laid down in the map. Why,
here is the article with the Shawnees which has
no less than eighteen tribes of Indians embraced
within the limits, solemnly provided for with a
simple provision, that they are to be protected by
the execution of the laws under the Constitution
and treaties, the most solemn compacts that can
be made. Whether they are to be protected by
them, or whether they are to be disregarded by
the Senate, or whether they are to be rifled of their
just rights, is a question for the Senate. We have
guarantied the land to them. In certain cases it
has been patented to them, and they were to retain
it until they left itof their own accord. We should
not disturb them, for the heavy pressure which is
made upon the frontiers of Iowa, Arkansas, and
Missouri. We should not disregard the provis-
ions of law under the Constitution. I will read
from one of the acts of Congress for the benefit of
the Senators from Missouri and Illinois:
<( Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Represent
atives, Sfc., That it shall and may be lawful tor the Presi-
-dent of the Unned States to cause so much of any territory
belonging to the territory of the United Slates west of the
river Mississippi, and not in a State or organized Territory,
and to which the Indian title has been extinguished, as he
may judge necessary, to be divided into a suitable number
of districts for the reception of such tribes or nations of In-
dians as may choose to exchange the lands where they now
reside, and remove there, and to cause each of said districts
to be so described by natural or artificial marks as to be
easily distingu^hed from each other."
Then, in the 3d"section, it is further enacted:
"That in making any such exchange or exchanges, it
(hall and may be lawful for the President solemnly to assure
the tribe or nations with which the exchange is made, that
the United States will forever secure and guaranty to them
and their heirs and successors, the country so exchanged
with them; and it" tliey prefer it, the United States will
cause a patent or grant to be made and executed to them
for the same: Provided, That such landsshall revert to the
United States if the Indians become extinct, or abandon the
same."
Sir, the tribes emigrated under the faith of trea-
ties. They had become civilized under the influ-
ence of the missionary preachers, and they are
advancing in civilization every day. What was
once the home of the red man has become the
garden of civilization. They are not Indians to
be regarded as they once were; for having lived
in juxtaposition with the whites on the east of
the Mississippi, they have imitated and adopted
the arts of agriculture and peace, and are now im-
proving themselves in science and literature, and
in everything that is calculated to develop the re-
sources of the human mind.
I can go back to their history since the treaty
of 1817, and detail pretty correctly the incidents
that have befallen the tribes who have removed
west of the Mississippi river from that time to the
present. During Mr. Jefferson's administration,
he sent to the Cherokee nations inviting them to
send a delegation to Washington city. They
complied with that, and promises were made to
them to the end that if they would remove west
of the Mississippi, and abandon their lands on the
east of the Mississippi, they should have there a
perpetual home, and never again be disturbed—
never driven from them. Upon the faith of these
promises, they emigrated first to St. Francois and
i remained there for some years. The Osages were
I tfien numerous, powerful, and warlike. They
poured down upon this little band of Cherokees
who were settled there. After some time, Talon-
kista, a war chief from the Cherokees east of the
• Mississippi, went to them, and remained there for
a number of years, and then removed up to what
I was called Point Remove, on the Arkansas river,
above Little Rock a considerable distance, leaving
St. Fran$ois and the settlements in that vicinity.
These remained at Point Remove until some time
about 1827,1 think it was. In the mean time, from
the point where Fort Smith now stands, on the
Arkansas, to Fort Gibson, on the Neosho, the
land was acquired by Major Lovely, representa-
tive and sub-agent of the Cherokees who had em-
igrated to the West, and it received the name of
Lovely's Purchase. The white people imme-
diately went into that country and made settle-
ments, and were then locating the settlements on
the Arkansas Territory, in the rear of the Indians
i and west of them. A treaty was proposed by the
j Government of the United States to exchange
I Lovely's Purchase, as it was called, with an addi-
j tional quantity of land lying between Grande
i river or the Neosho, to a point on the Arkansas
! river. The Indians made the exchange, and re-
moved from Point Remove, about ninety miles
j west, to what was called Lovely's Purchase, and
left the Territory of Arkansas clear, the Arkansas
river, from where Van Buren stands, becoming
the line or point of separation between the whites
and the Indians. Then it was necessary to re-
move, or to provide a country for the Creek nation
of Indians that were about to emigrate to that
country. The Cherokees were curtailed of their
lands, and the Creeks settled upon them; and
with the consent of the Cherokees, their limits
were curtailed from the treaty stipulations that
had been made with them. Subsequently to that,
the Choctaws and Chickasaws were removed up
the country between the Boto river and the Red
river, at Fort Towson. The Cherokees acqui-
esced in that, and that was given to one half of
the nation, those who had emigrated to the Ar-
kansas, and settled at Point Remove when the
transfer was made. Subsequently to that, with-
out the full consent of the Cherokees, they organ-
ized a government according to their custom, upon
the model of the whites.
To tell the truth, Mr. President, I think the
Indians have been badly treated up to this day,
when it is now proposed to sanction an additional
wrong upon them. I feel bound to stand up in
the maintenance of their right; and the faith of
treaties should be complied with; for if you take
from them what it is now proposed, you had bet-
ter take their lives—it would be an act of mercy.
If you deny them justice, if you deny them the
common rights ofhumanity,you may well assimi-
late the outrages of this Government with those
that England is charged with having committed
i in the Indies. If you intend to maintain the faith
of treaties, do so. The Indians are as sensitive to
wrong, and as susceptible to kindness as the
proudest man who stands in this Chamber.
We never have known the cases of injustice
' that have been done to the Indians. We never
have appreciated the broad land which we possess
which was once theirs, when they felt as proud
and as lordly in traversing their unbroken forests
as the proudest possessor does his cultivated do-
main. The Indian could then appreciate his lib-
erty. He was as loath to part with it as you
would be to part with your extended possessions.
Was not the chief as much revered and respected
as is the Chief Magistrate of this nation ? Think
you that the Indians had no Washington ? Think
you that they have no heroes to protect their
wives and children? Think you that they do not
go to battle and bring home the trophies of vic-
tory ? Think you that the admiration of them
was less than the admiration of great warriors
amongst us? They are men, Mr. President, and
have high impulses—the same high impulses that
stimulate us to noble and generous deeds. Is it
not wrong, with more cultivated intelligence, to
disregard their necessities and forget their wants ?
Sir, they claim nothing but right; they ask for no
favor—they expect no boon. If you intend to do
any justice to them, redeem your plighted faith,
j , Send honest men to pay their annuities; and when
' they come amongst you, set them the example of
hospitality and good faith, and they will emulate
your example, and you will make them equal to
yourselves. They have claims upon you, how-
ever little they may be regarded, and you must
redeem your faith to them. If they had no claims
previously, superior intelligence on the part of the
white man has placed the officers of this Govern-
ment under obligations to the Indians.
When we reflect upon whatthe Indian once was,
and upon the reverse which has taken place since
the time he roamed over this vast continent its sole
possessor, when he crossed the mountain summit,
when he kindled his beacon fires upon their heights
to admonish the friendly tribes of his presence, and
concealed his night fires from his adversaries, when
1 he was the proud monarch of all he surveyed, and
had a vast continent for his domain illimitable,
when he knew that he was the possessor of all,
' and when he was able to go to war with all na-
tions, and if victorious, like Alexander, extend his
dominion to some unknown portions of the world,
we should endeavor at least to fulfill our pledge to
him. A sad reverse has come upon him. Nolonger
the proud Indian, he is looked upon as a degraded
being not equal to a white man. He is not exactly
a serf to the white man. He has claims to your
justice. Wrong has been returned to him for his
kindness, and it seems that the once proud pos-
sessor of your country is only to be visited by Di-
| vine vengeance, for having permitted the landing
' of the first white man upon the continent. Think
you that he believed he saw evil in the white
speck upon the ocean, which he beheld advancing
towards his shore ? Did he feel that it was the de-
stroyer of his race, and that it boded as much evil
to him as the advent of the serpent into the garden
of Eden? Did he believe, when he received the
white man, that he was receiving the enemy of his
, race with the power greater than all he knew or
j thought of? Little did he fancy the extent of the
ruin involved. The evil was small at first, but has
: enlarged every moment from that time to the pres-
1 ent, until the white man's step of some nation or
other has effected the almost total extermination of
his race. How many have melted away, like the
dews of the morning, leaving no trace behind ? You
could hardly tell, unless you looked into some
musty volume, where are recorded the tribes which
once existed in this broad land, and have passed
away.
Well, sir, the Indian no longer with pleasure
walks the proud lord of the forest, or stands in the
contemplation of some broad river flowing at his
feet, or contemplates the beautiful lawns, with lofty
trees protecting him from the vertical sun. This
is no longer the enjoyment of the Indian. He is
deprived entirely of all these delights. You cir-
cumscribe him within a little space of country,
embracing but a few square miles, and tell him
that these are the limits of his domain; and the In-
dian is left with the reflection that he has no guar-
antee for his safety.
