1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1115
I call upon my country to raise the Indian from I
the unhappy lot into which he has been plunged,
and if possible so to act thet what we do shall be
lo the advantage of the Indians; and that some
atonement may be made for past wrongs by im-
proving his physical condition, and elevating his
moral man. This I call upon my country to do.
I demand it in the name of justice and humanity,
and in the name of freedom, whose symbol adorns ,
your walls, and the father of whose liberty was i
liie red man's friend. All these associations would
elevate us, and should at least prompt us to place
honest men in positions of trust to deal with the
Indians, to rescue them from the harpies and cor-
morants that have hung around them.
1 do not think that any appeal which I could
make to the Senate would produce any impression
favorable to the Indian, to redress his wrongs, or
mitigate the anguish of his spirit. So far as my
knowledge of the Indian character has extended,
from boyhood even up to the present time, 1 have
found that when associated with these people,and
when they felt they were away from the iron hand
of oppression, they were as generous, as faithful
and true to friendship, and as noble in the higher
attributes which adorn humanity, as any man that
I have met in the most refined and civilized walks
of life. I would be far from assigning to the In-
dian a degraded position. There are different
classes among them as among us; and you will
find that the qualities of men are modified by the
influences which surround them. You will find
in the Indian character the germs of integrity,
as you find in the corresponding classes of our
society in the transaction of business. You will
find them generous, noble, faithful, daring and
chivalrous. You will find their chiefs elevated in
their condition and feeling, and as chivalrous as
the proudest man that adorns the annals of Chris-
tendom. I call upon you to do justice to them,
and protect them.
Mr. BELL. I do not know what object can
be accomplished by this debate. The morning of
the 4th of March is breaking, and only five or six
hours of the present Congress remain. The honor-
able Senator from Illinois, however, having moved
the consideration of this bill, I shall take great
pleasure in hearing from him what he proposes.
Mr. DOUGLAS. If the Senator is anxious for
me to go on now, I will.
Mr. BELL. The Senator can select his own
time. I have no anxiety to make a speech to
vacant seats. There is less than a quorum pres-
ent on a question of this magnitude. It only
shows what interest the Senate takes in such
questions. But if the Senator means to insist
that he regards this question as of intrinsic import-
ance, then I shall beg to be heard upon it. It re-
lates to a question directly and fundamentally
connected with the policy of this country, in rela-
tion to our western frontier and more especially
to the Indian tribes, what disposition we shall
make of them; whether we shall authorize the
further settlement of the white man at this time,
beyond the borders of the western States, and
whether we shall encourage the establishment of
new territories and new States over the territories
for a long time understood to be set apart for the
final resting-place of the Indian. Whatever other
Senators may think, I regard all these questions
as of great intrinsic importance. •! know there
are Senators who think that they are mere trifles
that can be disposed of and voted upon without a
very great deal of consideration or reflection; and
that,Indeed, they are such that they do not de-
serve serious consideration and reflection. Many
honorable Senators are always ready to vote upon
such subjects, regarding them as all settled by the
inevitable and onward progress of western settle-
ment—by manifest destiny. They do not want to
hear any debate. They consider all such questions
henceforth as mere matters of routine, and such
as require no explanation or further light. Mr.
President, I consider them of a very different
character and importance. I know the Senator
from Illinois sufficiently well to know that when
he moots a proposition of this description it has a
meaning in it, a pregnant meaning;.and he does
not merely mean to fill up the space, and pass the
time until the present session of Congress has
passed away. What he does is pregnant with
significance; and if the honorable Senator from
Illinois is disposed to tell us his meaning, I am
perfectly willing to hear him. I should like to
know of that Senator upon what grounds he pro-
poses, upon what principles of honesty and hon-
or and good faith, national or private, he propo-
ses to establish the Territory of Nebraska. This
bill proposes to incorporate and establish a gov-
ernment over territory enough to form two new 1
States west of Missouri and Iowa—in effect it pro-
poses to take away from the Indian tribes a coun-
try which has been solemnly granted to them by
the United States, and to compel them to seek j
new homes in the still further West, and I should
like to meet the honorable Senator upon the issues
of morality and sound policy raised by this prop-
osition. 1 know that he has vast odds against
me in this challenge. He has the influence of a
vast, interested, and still-accumulating population,
on the western borders, to urge him on and sus-
tain him in his course.
Mr. President, I must again express my deep
regret that such subjects—such vital questions as
these attract no attention, and inspire no feeling
in the Senate.
Sir, when it is proposed to violate every prin-
ciple of national faith, of national honor, of na-
tional character, and national truth, I should like
to hear from the Senator from Illinois, whoever
else may be indifferent, upon what principle he can
come forward here, boldly to maintain and press
upon us the proposition to establish this Territory.
The Senator will understand me as meaning noth-
ing personal in what I say. I have not the slight- j
est personal ill feeling towards him; on the con-
trary, I feel under obligation to him in times past
for his manly and liberal course upon another
great subject; and when I speak upon such sul"'
jects, 1 beg to be understood that I do not speak
politically or pharisaically. I speak my earnest |
thoughts; but my opinion of that Senator is of
inferior consideration. I know his character and
standing before the country, and I should like to
have such an explanation of this measure from
him as would be satisfactory to himself.
A large portion of this Territory is guarantied
to Indian tribes by treaty stipulations, which are
as sacred and obligatory upon us as if a whole
hecatomb had smoked upon a hundred altars in
confirmation of them. About one third of this
proposed Territory is held by Indians under their
treaty stipulations. Where is that third situated?
A very large portion of what is now particularly ,
coveted by the border population is within the
country thus held by Indian tribes, under the sa-
cred pledge of the Government that they should
never be disturbed. My honorable friend from
Missouri, [Mr. Atchison,] who has preceded me
in this debate, and for whom I have a high respect,
thinks this measure expedient to the public in-
terest; and what does he state as the reason for
this conclusion? That the population upon the
I borders are determined to rush over into and to
! occupy the Territory,with or without the author-
ity of the Government, on the very first pretext
or opportunity they can find, or without any pre-
text. And has it come to this ? And is the power
of this Government reduced so low ? And does it
command so little respect from its citizens? Or is
i this progress?
I would like to know of the Senator from Illi-
nois where he proposes that we shall locate the
sixty or perhaps seventy thousand Indians who
now inhabit this Territory? Do you intend to
drive them upon Texas, or upon the borders of
Mexico? Do you intend to press them into the
narrow gorges of the Ivock y Mountains, or of the
Sierra Madre, and let them perish there? How
do you propose to subsist them when you shall
have occupied all the plains on which the Indians
now pursue the buffalo? The honorable Senator
will be compelled to say, "No, no; we intend
1 to encircle them in the arms of civilized society—
of the white man; we will teach them the arts of
cultivation and peace; we will seduce them from
their wild and savage mode of life and bring them
into the practice of the mechanic arts and of agri-
culture." Does the honorable Senator maintain,
from his knowledge of what has taken place here-
tofore, in the relations of the white man and the
| Indian on this continent, that they can be so led,
so seduced, that this dream of his can ever be real-
ized ? The honorable Senator from Arkansas,
[Mr. Sebastian,] whose generous feelings and
emotions I love and admire, was to-day led away,
and at the same time led the Senate away, with
the delusion that the Indians of California could
be located within a few districts of some ten thou-
sand acres in extent, in the midst of a white popu-
lation, and speedily brought within the pale of
civilization, and made to depend upon the cultiva-
tion of the soil for their subsistence, and still be
Preserved, and grow and prosper. Sir, I should
e happy if I could indulge the delusion. 1 am
not particularly devoted or attached to the Indian
race; nor am I a bigot, or blinded or misled by
any false sentiments of philanthropy. Thev must
recede—they must perish before the white man,
whenever he sets his foot on their land; but do
not press it forward more rapidly than is necessary
for your own uses and development. That is my
objection to the establishment of Nebraska Ter-
ritory. There is no actual demand—there is no
necessity for it. You have millions and millions
of acres of uncultivated virgin soil yet before you
in Missouri, Iowa, Wisconsin, and Minnesota;
and while so many millions of acres of good land
lie vacant within the present States and Territo-
ries, and invite the settler and cultivator to settle
upon and subdue them, why will you drive out
these Indian tribes, whose permanent location you
told them should be on the spot on which they
now reside? Within the last year you treated
with and bought out the Indians inhabiting terri-
tory in the Northwest large enough to form two
new States, and you invited and encouraged the
Indians of that region to comedown and settle on
the territory west and south of the Missouri river;
and now you propose to establish a territorial gov-
ernment over the very lands to which you invited
their footsteps, as to a place where they could rest
in peace. These are the points which I want the
Senator from Illinois to answer. He will tell me
that these Indians will be improved by the prog-
ress of civilization, and improve in their condition
by theirclosercontact with the whites. The whole
: history of the connection of the white man and
the Indian, the honorable Senator knows, is ad-
verse to that. I know well enough what the des-
tiny of the Indian is to be. There are some four
hundred thousand Indians in the territories of the
United States—for the most either settled on or rov-
ing over the country intermediate between the
States on the Mississippi on the east, and the State
of California and the Pacific ocean on the west. I
want the honorable Senator from Illinois to tell me
where these four hundred thousand Indians^fe to
go, and how subsisted, when you take from them,
as the policy of the bill now before the Senate indi-
cates you will soon do, every acre ofgood orculti-
vableland within that intermediate region ? They
must perish by starvation or by the sword. That
will be their speedy destiny if the policy of this
bill prevails.
With regard to the present condition of the
Territory proposed to be established by this bill,
| 1 understand that there are but very few white
i men now residing within its limits, and the few
! that are residents are so in direct contravention of
i the laws and policy of the United States. Why
! do you want a territorial government there at this
time? What is the object of it? I can foresee
| that the argument will be used, " We want a line
|; of settlements from our present frontiers to the
1 Rocky Mountains to protect emigration;" and I
prejudge the honorable Senator from Illinois so
| far as to predict that that will be the substance of
; his argument in reply to the objections which I
have raised to this bill. That is the appeal which
is made to members of Congress from the western
i; frontier. The great line of emigration must be
j protected from the Indians; and we want cultiva-
tors of the soil all along on the route, that pro-
I visions maybe supplied to the emigrant. The
power and the laws of the United States must be
! extended over the plains and into every fastness
of the mountains; and no man who represents
the frontier interest can stand against this call.
But will the honorable Senator from Illinois be
! candid enough to admit that the Territory which
he proposes to organize does include the very
; territory which, by treaty stipulations, has been
! guarantied to the Indian tribes? 1 want that
' question answered categorically. I say it does
include territory so guarantied. By our treaties
with the Cherokees, the Creeks, the Choctaws,
the Chickasaws, the Shawnees, Delawares, and
Osages, we have guarantied to them, by the faith
and honor of the United States, the lands upon
; which they now reside for their permanent resi-
I dene*. Now, in several of our treaties we have
