1116
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
agreed to issue patents to them for the lands so
guarantied. Shall we violate our pledge ? Shall!
the idea of so indelible a stain upon the national
honor be tolerated5 if this bill passes, then upon
the same principles, and in carrying out the same
policy, the whole country west of Arkansas must
be organized into territorial governments, and the
settlement of white men encouraged and allowed.
Mr. President, who now pleads for the rights of
the Indian ? Who stands by the red man ? I have
not heard any one of those, who seem on other occa-
sions to have such a superabundant flow of the milk
of human kindness—such deep and profound sen-
sibilities awakened whenever the condition of the
black man is alluded to, say one word when it is
proposed to strip the red man of his whole coun-
try, and not leave him one spot over which he can
still roam, and feel, or even fancy, that he has a
country. Not one is found to raise his voice
against this proposition for a general spoliation of
Indian rights. This sentiment of humanity ! how
wayward—how capricious! It is not more stable
than fashion in the objects on which it exhausts
or wastes itself. The negro was introduced into
America to save the Indian from the hardships of
servitude. The Indian is now to be robbed of his
sole remaining country to form new States, which
are destined to be free States, that the negro may
be eventually rescued from slavery.
It gives me pleasure to be able to exempt the two
Senators from Texas from the general heartless-
ness which prevails on the subject of our Indian
relations and policy. I do not even see the Sena-
tor from Kentucky, {Mr. Underwood,] who is
generally so true to all the impulses of justice.
Mr. UNDERWOOD, (in his seat.) I am here.
Mr. BELL. How could I have doubted him
for a moment? But where are the Whigs? what
have they done with their principles? Where are
those of them who generally assume to lead the
party in the Senate? I had meditated some part-
ing compliments to certain of them, but I forbear.
I forgive some passages between them and myself;
but I cannot but remember—ay, I must ever re-
member !
But to return to the bill: Sir, do the Indians
justice. Sirs, you are Christians, or you pretend
to be Christians; then let the divine light of Chris-
tianity shed its influence upon your judgment and
upoffall your transactions with the red man. It
may be—it is certain, that his whole race is des-
tined to pass away; but hasten not that event by
any acts of injustice or cruelty on your part. Fulfill
your treaty stipulations with him. Do nothing to
violate your pledges. Consider well before you
touch the land which you have guarantied to him.
Upon these reasons I say we must have time
for tnis discussion. The honorable Senator from
Texas [Mr. Houston] and myself have merely
opened the argument. I shall be very happy to
hear from the Senator from Illinois on the sub-
ject.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, I am very
unwilling to take up the time of the Senate in the
discussion of this question. My anxiety for the
passage of the bill induced me to yield the advan-
tage of explaining its provisions, with the hope
that we might get an immediate vote upon the sub-
ject. It is an act that is very dear to my heart—
one that I should have been glad to discuss in all
its bearings. It is one of immense magnitude and
of grave import to the country; yet all these con-
siderations are so apparent that I was willing to
allow them to stand forth and speak for them-
selves, without occupying the attention of the Sen-
ate myself. But, sir, the able manner in which
the Senator from Tennessee has discussed this
question commands and requires a response from
me.
[A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. P. B. Haves, its Chief
Clerk, announcing that the House had agreed to
the report of the Committee of Conference upon
the bill making appropriations for the naval ser-
vice for the year ending June 30, 1854; and had
agreed to the amendments of the Senate, with
amendments, to the bill making appropriations for
the current and contingent expenses for the Indian
Department, and for fulfilling treaty stipulations
with various Indian tribes for the year ending
June 30, 1854.]
On the motion of Mr. SEBASTIAN, by
unanimous consent, the Senate proceeded to con-
sider the amendments of the House to the amend-
ments of the Senate to the Indian appropriation bill;
and they were concurred in.
At half-past eight o'clock, a. m., (Friday,) the
Senate took a recess until ten o'clock. On reas-
sembling— i
Mr. DOUGLAS resumed: I regret to occupy
the time of the Senate at this late hour in the dis-
cussion of the bill to establish the Territory of
Nebraska; but the able and eloquent speeches
which have been made in opposition to it leave
me no alternative. Gladly would I now stop, if
the vote could be taken, in order that the bill
might be passed; for I am sure we have a majority
for it if a vote could be taken. But as it has been
demanded that I shall explain the grounds upon
which I, as chairman of the Committee on Terri-
tories, predicated the support of this bill, I will do
so very briefly.
The object of the bill is to create a territorial
government extending from the western bound-
ary of Missouri and Iowa to Utah and Oregon.
In other words, it is to form a line of territorial
governments extending from the Mississippi val-
ley to the Pacific ocean, so that we can have con-
tinuous settlements from the one to the other.
We cannot expect, or hope even, to maintain our
Pacific possessions unless they can be connected
in feeling and interest and communication with
the Atlantic States. That can only be done by
continuous lines of settlements, and those settle-
ments can only be formed where the laws will
furnish protection to those who settle upon and
cultivate the soil. The proposed Territory of
Wfebraska embraces quite a number of the many
Emigrant routes extending to our Pacific posses-
! sions. It embraces the route from Missouri to
Santa Fe, New Mexico; and also to Utah, Ore-
gon, and California.
j It is desirable that that country should be open
for settlement, and that all emigrants, travelers,
traders, and settlers, should be under the protec-
I tion of law.
These are the objects of the bill, and it seems to
me that when you contemplate them, and see that
they are essential even to the preservation of the
harmony if not the very existence of the Union,
it will be seen that they are objects of sufficient
importance to command the serious attention of
this body.
Sir, what have you done for these Pacific pos-
sessions? What have you done to bind them to
us? When a proposition was brought forward
here to establish a railroad connection, it met
with determined resistance. The project was
crushed and destroyed. When a proposition was
made for stockades and military colonization, that
also was beaten down. When a proposition was
made for a telegraphic line, you would not even
permit that to be established. Nothing has been
permitted to be done either to encourage the set-
tlement of the country or to form a communica-
tion by which the one should be connected with
the other. I think that the least you could do
would be to extend the protection of law to the
people who may be there, and to legalize the
entry of those who may desire to go there.
1 am aware that it has been said that there is
not a man in the proposed Territory who has not
gone there in violation of law. The same remark
can be made of every man that has gone upon the
unsurveyed public lands in any of our Territories
or new States. That was the remark which was
made in regard to every man who went upon the
lands and asked for a preemption right. They
were denounced as trespassers and land pirates,
and every other odious name was applied to them
because they were upon the land in violation of
law. The same argument may be applied to the
first settlers in all the new Territories. The peo-
ple went there in advance and defiance of law, and
the law followed them; and it was their being there
which created the necessity for the law. How,
then, does the argument work? In the first place,
Fou refuse to allow settlers to go there; and when
ask for a territorial government, you assign the
absence of settlers as a reason for not granting it.
I wish to pay my respects to those gentlemen
who have argued so strongly against our right to
create this Territory. I have been struck with the
zeal which burns in some gentlemen's bosoms in
behalf of the poor Indian. Sir, it is necessary for
them to avail themselves of some argument by
which to resist this bill, and sympathy for the
poor Indian is the argument that is resorted to. I
know there is one gentleman who has used this
argument, who has, perhaps, stronger reasons, and
who feels, and ought to feel more deeply in behalf
of the Indians than almost any other man in the
country. I also know that there is a large num-
ber using this argument of sympathy for the In-
dians simply for the purpose of killing the bill.
What is their objection, when you come to con-
sider it ?
We are told that there are treaties with certain
tribes of Indians by which these tribes receive
certain grants of land, with the stipulation that
they should never be embraced within any State
or Territory. That is true. There are such
stipulations. We are told also that it would be
a breach of good faith to embrace them within
the limits of a State or Territory in violation of
these treaties, and that we ought not to commit
such a breach of faith. I grant it. If gentle-
men will show me that this bill violates any treaty
Stipulations, perpetrates any act of bad faith, is
inconsistent with the most scrupulous regard for
our plighted faith, then I will abandon it; but, sir,
I undertake to say there is not one of these objec-
tions that is not answered by the bill itself. I will
read a clause of the bill in order to show this.
After laying out the Territory, it says, in the same
clause:
"Provided, That nothing in this act contained shall be
construed to impair the rights of persons or property now
pertaining to Indians in the said Territory, so long as such
rights shall remain unextinguished by treaty between the
United States and sucli Indians ; or to include any territory
which by treaty with any Indian tribe is not, without the
consent of the said tribe, to be included witlnn the territo-
rial limits or jurisdiction of any State or Territory. And
all such territory shall be excepted out of the boundaries,
and constitute no part of the Territory of Nebraska, until
such tribes shall signify their assent to the President of the
United States to be included within the said Territory of Ne-
braska, or to affect the authority of the Government of the
United States to make any regulation respecting said In-
dians, their lands, property, or other rights by treaty, law,
or otherwise, which it would have been competent for the
Government to make if this act had never passed."
By the provision which I have read, they are
excluded from its limits. Itis expressly stipulated
that they shall not constitute any part of the Ter-
ritory; they do not come under the jurisdiction of
the Territory; they are not embraced within its
limits; they do not come under the operation of
its laws, and are never to be a part of that Terri-
tory, unless by treaty the Indians shall choose to
do so hereafter. Is not that a complete reserva-
tion and guarantee of the rights of the Indians?
But gentlemen argue that this bill runs round the
Indian grounds.
Mr. BUTLER. Certainly it does.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The Senator from South
Carolina says, "Certainly it does." He is not
so certain, perhaps, that it does. The Indian
lands lie along the Missouri border, and extend
back at right distances to the interior. As there-
fore these Indian grounds are excepted out of the
Territory, and constitute no part of it, they con-
stitute, and must forever constitute, the eastern
boundary of the Territory, unless the Indians
hereafter shall voluntarily enter into treaties by
which that boundary will be changed. Then it
is not so certain that this territory does run round
them. But if it did, still it does not embracethem.
Suppose you should create a Territory in that vast
expanse of country and mark it out by metes and
bounds two hundred miles square, and after you
had created that, suppose you should create an-
other Territory which had a strip running round
the first, still you would not embrace the first.
You go round it on different sides, but do not
include it. You do not extend your laws over
it.
They remain two distinct, separate Territories,
as much as if they lay hundreds of miles apart
from each other. Is it to be said, that by these
Indian treaties we are not allowed to run States or
Territories around these Indian reservations? If
you cannot run one State around the ground can
you run four? Or are they to say you shall not
make a State east of them, or west of them, or
north of them, or south of them; but that the
territory in every direction is forever to be kept
open, a barren waste dedicated to barbarism? Is
that to be the construction to be placed upon the
Indian treaties? The meaning of these treaties,
as I understand them, is, that the Indians shall
not be embraced in a State so as to come under
its jurisdiction and be subject to its authority. If
that be the meaning of the treaties, and the whole
