1118
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
The SPEAKER. The Clerk informs the Chair
that the Journal of yesterday is not entirely made
up: indeed, that it was impossible to do it.
Air. STANLY. It has always been usual to
submit such a motion, on the last day or two of
the session.
Mr. HALL. I withdraw my objection to the
motion.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
So the reading of the Journal was dispensed
with.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move to refer to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union the
bill making appropriations for the service of the
Post Office Department, with the Senate amend-
ments thereto.
AVERY DOWNER.
Mr. CLEVELAND. I hope the gentleman
from Alabama will allow me a moment, before he
presses that motion, to move to take up a bill
from the Senate for the relief of an old man, over
ninety years of age. It is a bill which has passed
both Houses of Congress at different times here-
tofore. It will take but a single moment.
Mr. CARTTER. If the House departs from
its usual order of business, I wish to ask the at-
tention of the House to a matter of importance,
which I have been trying to get at for the last
year.
Mr. CLEVELAND. Then I ask to withdraw
the papers of Avery Downer, this old man, for
the purpose of reference to the Departments.
The SPEAKER. If there is no objection, the
order to that effect will be entered.
No objection was made, and the order was
made.
Mr. HOUSTON. I now call for my motion.
The question was then put upon the motion to
refer the Post Office appropriation bill, with the
amendments thereto, to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union; and it was
agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. GORMAN. I wish the gentleman to al-
low me first to ask the House to take up and re-
fer communications upon the Speaker's table.
Mr. HOUSTON. We can go into committee
and disposeof this Post Office bill in half an hour,
so as to send it to the enrolling clerk. It will be
utterly impossible for them to get through with
enrolling the bills, unless we proceed with the
bills as rapidly as possible.
Mr. GORMAN. I ask the House now that
the communications on the Speaker's table be taken
up and referred to the appropriate committees, and
ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER. If there is no objectioft,
the Chair will proceed to digpose of the commu-
nications upon the table.
Many Members. "Agreed !" "Agreed!"
The following communications were then taken
up, read, and referred as indicated below:
A communication from the War Department,
transmitting a transcript of the Army Register for
the year 1852. Ordered to lie upon the table and
to be printed.
A communication from the Navy Department,
transmitting copies of the Navy Register for the
year 1853. Ordered to lie upon the table and to
be printed.
A communication from the Secretary of the
Treasury, transmitting the annual report of the
Superintendent of the United States Coast Survey.
Ordered to lie upon the table and to be printed.
A communication from the War Department,
transmitting copies of maps and sketches accom-
panying the annual ^report of the United States
Coast Survey. Referred to the Committee on Print-
ing.
A communication from the Postmaster General,
transmitting his annual statementof the clerks and
others employed in his Department during the last
year. Ordered to lie upon the table and to be
printed.
A communication from the Post Office Depart-
ment, transmitting a statement from the disburs-
ing agent of the Post Office Department as to the
receipts and disbursements of the Department
during the last year. Ordered to lie upon the table
and to be printed.
A communication from the Post Office Depart-
ment, transmitting an abstract of offers for carry-
ing the mails for the States of New Hampshire,
Massachusetts, New York, &c., in accordance
with the act of Congress approved July 2, 1836.
Ordered to he upon the table and to be printed.
A communication from the Patent Office, trans-
mitting the agricultural part of the annual report i
required from that office. Ordered to lie on the
table and to be printed.
A communication from the Commissioner of
Public Buildings and Grounds, transmitting a copy
of the contracts made with that office, for the year
1852, with the names of the contractors, &c. Or-
dered to lie upon the table and to be printed.
A communication from the Navy Department,
transmitting information in answer to questions
embraced in a resolution of the House of Repre-
sentatives, dated January 7, 1853, on the subject
of mail steamers, and the present condition of the
steam navy. Oraered to lie on the table and to
be printed.
RIGHT OF WAY.
Mr. HALL. I hope the House will give its
unanimous Consent to take up Senate bill No.
612, granting the right of way through this Dis-
trict for a railroad from Point of Rocks to George-
town. I
Mr. CLEVELAND. I object. I
Mr. HOUSTON. I now move that the rules
be suspended, and that the House resolve itself
ipto the Committee of the Whole on the state of
i the Union.
The question was put, and the motion was j
agreed to. h
The House accordingly resolved itself into the I
Committee of the Whole on the state of the j
Union, (Mr. Seymour of Connecticut in the !!
chair.) j
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 move that the House now
take up, and consider the Senate amendments to
the bill making appropriations for the service of
the Post Office Department for the year ending
June 30, 1854.
The question was put, and the motion was
agreed to.
The first amendment of the Senate was read as
follows:
" On page 3, after line 14, insert as follows:
'• For raising the salary of one of ttie $l,600clerks in the
Post Office Department to the grade of a chief clerk, to be 1
employed in conducting the correspondence and performing
other duties relating to the foreign mails and postal arrange- !
ments with foreign countries, $400."
Mr. PHELPS. The amendment proposes the
! increase of the salary of a $1,600 clerk who has
charge of the foreign mail, and who is engaged in
settling and stating the postal accounts between
this and foreign Governments. That is a difficult
branch of the business, and the Senate have pro-
posed to increase the salary to $2,000, which, I
think, would not be more than an ample compen-
sation.
Mr. OLDS. This is a recommendation coming
from the Postmaster General. It was approved of
by the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads of the House, and when the bill was before
us some time since, I, as its chairman, moved a
similar amendment, but not having an opportunity
to explain, on account of the objection of the gen-
tleman's colleague, [Mr. Hall,] it was notadopt-
ed. I hope the amendment will be concurred in.
Mr. HALL. My objection certainly remains
unchanged. I then stated that during the Whig
Administration a competent clerk had been em-
ployed to do this very business for $1,600 per an-
num, and that I thought a Democrat could be
found to do the work just as well and as cheap as
a Whig. I, sir, for one, will not consent, after
professing before my constituents that I believed
the Democratic Administration would be more
economical than the Whig, and just as the Whigs
are going out, to increase the salaries of the offi-
cers of the Government. I have told my people
that we would not pay any attention to the recom-
mendations of extravagance, and I shall not pay
any attention to them.
Mr. GOODENOW. The present incumbent
has devoted fifteen years to that branch of the
business. He is an out-and-out thorough Demo-
crat. In my judgment, he is well worthy of this
additional compensation. He is one of the most
industrious and faithful clerks in the whole Post
Office Department. It is due to him the amend-
ment should be adopted.
Mr. HALL. It is due to us that we shall do
what is right.
The question was taken, and the amendment of
the Senate was non-concurred in.
The next amendment of the Senate was read, as
follows:
" Insert, as an additional section, the following:
"Sec. 3. Jlnd he it further enuctedy That in all cases
where the P<>: uiin>ter General shall be satisfied that either
money or property, stolen from the United Slates mail,
shatt have been exchanged for other money or property,
and has been, upon the conviction of the thief, received hi
his Department, he shall have authority, upon satisfactory
evidence that the same justly belonged to any individual,
firm, or corporation, to pay over and deliversuch money or
property to the owner thereof."
Mr. HOUSTON. There is no lavfr authorizing
the Post Office Department to give up property
stolen from the mails, although its owner may
trace it by proper evidence to the possession of
the Department. The object of the amendment is
simply to authorize the Postmaster General to
give up property lost in being transported through
the mail, to its owner, on proper evidence being
produced of the fact.
Mr. WALSH. There is no legislation more
necessary than that proposed by the amendment of
the Senate. There are more than fifty cases at the
present time in point, where the robbers of the
mail have at once changed the money taken from
the letters to other money, and where it has been
traced step by step. We might as well have no
law at all as to let it stand as it is.
The question was taken, and the amendment of
the Senate was concurred in.
The third amendment of the Senate, to insert
an additional section, was read, as follows:
" Sec. 4. And be it further enacted. That the Postmas-
ter General be, and he is hereby, authorized, in addition to
ordinary steamboat service on the Poioinac, to contract for
a:i efficient ice-boat, or ice boats, being kept up for the
conveyance of the mail during the winter months : Provid-
ed, The additional expense to be incurred by the Depart-
ment for keeping up such ice-boat, or ice-boats, shall not
exceed $20,000 per annum."
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I hope, Mr. Chair-
man, thatthis amendmentof the Senate will be non-
concurred in. The contractors for carrying the
mail from the city of Washington to the mouth
of Aquia Creek, which is fifty-four miles and a
half, receive, if I mistake not, $16,300 per an-
num for double daily service, being more than
three hundred dollars per mile. A better river
navigation for that distance is not to be found in
the United States. The contractors carrying the
mail from Cincinnati to Louisville, a distance of
one hundred and forty-two miles, receive for daily
service $10,500, which is less than seventy-four
dollars per mile. Now, why is it that this boat
company on the Potomac is enabled to extort
from the Government the enormous pay they re-
ceive for performing the service they do ? It is
because the Richmond railroad company, which
runs in connection with it, will not carry the mail
unless you employ it. They drive all competition
out of the river, and you must contract with the
company on their own terms. In my opinion their
compensation is amply sufficient to justify them
in keeping an ice-boat, and to carry the mail every
time they are required by their contract, without
failure.
Mr. OLDS. I feel bound to say a word in re-
lation to ttiis matter. The amendment is in ac-
cordance with a recommendation from the Post-
master General, and it has received the approbation
of the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads of this House.
Mr. JONES. So much the worse.
Mr. OLDS. The gentleman says so much the
worse. Then what is the use of having commit-
tees of the House to investigate such matters ? I
will venture to say that the Committee on Ways
and Means have given no consideration to the
amendment at all.
Mr. JONES. 1 will say to the gentleman that
a few years ago, when I was on the Post Office
Committee, this whole question was brought be-
fore us in the controversy between the Postmaster
General and this boat and railroad company. We
did examine, and I think thoroughly understood
it, and the House and Congress sustained the
committee and the Postmaster General in the
course they pursued with regard to it.
