1120
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3.
and it is this: that the expense of transporting the
mails between these two points shall be limited to
the receipts from postage. It appears to me that
that feature is one that ought to secure the passage
of the amendment.
Mr. HALL. Mr. Chairman, I think we may
very well exclaim:
'• Now, in the names of all the gods at oner,
Upon what meat doth this our Ciesar feed,
That he is grown so great?"
Why is it that Mr. Ambrose W. Thompson is
entitled to preference over every other citizen of
the United States for carrying the mails between
San Francisco and Shanghai? Why is he so
much better than everybody else? Why is he
the only man among the twenty millions of free-
men in our country who is to be intrusted with
the carrying of the mails between San Francisco
and Shanghai ? I have seen the gentleman, and so
far as 1 can judge from his countenance, manners,
and general deportment, he is a gentleman about
as good as, and no better than, twenty millions of
other freemen in this country.
Mr. ORR. Perhaps the difficulty in the mind
of the gentleman from Missouri will be removed
if the gentleman from Ohio will modify his amend-
ment so as to make it read " AmbroseW. Thomp-
son or any other responsible person." Then, if
the amendment is adopted, it will secure the trans-
portation of the mails between San Francisco and
Shanghai for postages alone, without costing the
Government anything alse.
Mr. HALL. I do not intend to vote for any
proposition that has the name of Ambrose W.
Thompson, or the name of any other particular in-
dividual in it. I, as a legislator, intend to treat all
of the citizens of the United States precisely as
equals, if I can. If we are to have a mail between
San Francisco and Shanghai, I desire that thecon-
tract for carrying it shall be let out to the lowest
and best bidder, just as the contract is let out for
carrying the mails between Washington city and
Baltimore, or between any other points in the
United States. If the gentleman from South Car-
olina [Mr. Orr] desires that the provision of the
Senate shall be so restricted that the contractors
shall receive nothing more than the postages, I
have no objection to that. But 1 cannot and will
not, so far as I am concerned, consent to any ac-
tion which shall indicate a preference for Am-
brose W. Thompson over anybody else.
Mr. CARTTER. I will modify my amend-
ment bv adding to it the words "or any other
person.
Mr. BOCOCK. The amendment of the gentle-
man from Ohio having been modified, is it not in
order to speak against it?
Several Members. Oh! no.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks not.
Mr. BOCOCK. It is a different amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that the
rule does not authorize further debate on that
amendment.
The question was then taken on Mr. Cartter's
amendment, and it was rejefted.
Mr. ORR. I move to amend the Senate amend-
ment by striking out the words, "And transmit
such proposals as he shall receive, to Congress at
its next session," and inserting in lieu thereof the
following:
And that he enter into a contract with the parties submit-
ting the lowest proposal: Provided, The same shall not
exceed the whole amount of postages received by said line.
Mr. MARSHALL. I would suggest that that
amendment does not even provide that the persons
oflering to contract shall be responsible persons;
nor does it contain any provision as to the time
when the contract is to be made. The whole
amendment strikes me as utterly imperfect and in-
sufficient for the object which it professes to have
in view.
Mr. ORR. The amendment which I suggest I
think meets the difficulty suggested by the gentle-
man from California. It means "the lowest re-
sponsible bidder," of course. The principle em-
bodied in that amendment is the true principle on
which this Government should contract for the
transportation of the mails by ocean steamers.
The policy adored with reference to the Collins
line, and some other lines of ocean steamers is
wrong in principle, because you pay those vessels
infinitely more than you receive in postages.
Mr. MARSHALL. I understand that the
amendment of the gentleman from South Carolina
says nothing about the size of the vessels. It does
not even go into details, which are absolutely
necessary.
Mr. ORR. I do not want to say anything about
the size of the vessels. I want private individuals
to go to work, and construct their own vessels
with their own money, and receive from the Gov-
ernment nothing except the amount of postage that
they earn. That is all they are legitimately enti-
j tied to. If they propose to transmit the mails in
i vessels of two thousand tons burden, or three
1 thousand tons burden, or four thousand tons bur-
den, that is a matter of their own, with which this
Government has no concern whatever. I am per-
fectly indifferent as to what the size of the vessels
may be. There can be no great sacrifice on the
part of the Government, if we agree to pay only
such postage as the line itself earns. I hope that
the amendment I have submitted may be adopted.
[Here the committee rose informally, and a mes-
sage was received from the Senate, by the hands of
Asbury Dickins, Esq., its Secretary, informing
the House that the Senate had passed bill of the
' House No. 253, making an appropriation for the
completion of the public buildings in the Territory
of Minnesota; and, also, that the Senate had agreed
to a second committee of conference on the dis-
agreeing votes between the two Houses on the
amendments to thedeficiency bill; and that Messrs.
Hunter, Pearce, and Walker had been ap-
pointed managers of said conference on the part
of the Senate.
The committee then resumed its session.]
Mr. HOUSTON. I am opposed to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from South Carolina, and
also to the Senate amendment; and I want to call
the attention of the committee to one considera-
tion which I think ought to influence the votes of
members. Why is it that this proposition has
been held back during the whole session, to be
attached to an appropriation bill ? The Senate, it
seems, can pass anything they please, and if they
were disposed to pass this proposition upon its
own merits, they could have sent us a bill two
months ago, proposing what this amendment pro-
poses.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. Will thegen-
tleman allow me to ask him what becomes of the
bills that the Senate sends here ? i
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman can ask
himself that question with as much propriety as
he can ask it of me.
I was going on to remark, when the gentleman
interrupted me, that the Senate havenot only failed
to send us this proposition in a bill by itself, but
they have not even put it in the right bill. Such
propositions as this always go either in a bill by
themselves or in the general post route bill. That
bill went to the Senate and came back with amend-
ments. But this amendment was held back for
the purpose of forcing it through at the last mo-
ment, against the sense of a majority of the peo-
ple's representatives.
Mr. STUART. I call the gentleman from Ala-
bama to order, and insist that he shall be confined
to the discussion of the amendment of the gentle-
man from South Carolina. Unless the discussion
is limited as the rules prescribe, we shall not be
able to dispose of the necessary business of the
session.
The CHAIRMAN. The time of the gentle-
man from Alabama has expired.
Mr. STUART. Then I move that the com-
mittee rise, for the purpose of closing the five-min-
utes debate upon this section, and I hope the
committee will agree to it.
The question was put, and the motion was dis-
agreed to.
So the committee refused to rise.
The question recurred on the amendment pro-
posed by Mr. Orr to the Senate amendment.
Mr. STANLY. I call for tellers on that amend-
ment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Orr and
Millson were appointed.
The question was then taken; and the tellers
reported—ayes 97, noes 39.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PHELPS. I move to amend the Senate
amendment as it now stands amended by adding
thereto the following:
And the service shall not commence until hereafter or-
dered by Congress.
1 offer that amendment with a view of express-
ing my opinion with respect to the amendment
now pending. This is a provision for the pur-
pose of establishing a line of ocean mail steamers
between San Francisco and Shanghai, in China.
Now, whether you make an appropriation or not
this session, and even if you provide that this
service shall be performed for no other compen-
sation than the proceeds arising from the trans-
portation of the mail matter carried by this line of
steamers, you will find the company coming here
! at the next session of Congress—in the same
manner that the Collins line has come here—de-
manding aid and succor from this Government to
sustain it. This is but a little cloud now rising,
but if you foster it, it will become a big cloud that
will overshadow the Legislature, and force money
from the public Treasury. I am, therefore, against
the whole proposition. If I had my own way, I
would abolish all these lines of mail steamers, so
far as they are connected with the Government.
But as a member of this House, I have always
been ready to comply with existing contracts, and
I will continue to do so as long as 1 have a vote
here. I will, however, take the most efficient
means I can to rid the Government of this con-
nection with private steamship companies. It is
wrong, and ought to be. 
Mr. STUART. I call the gentleman to order.
He is not explaining his amendment.
| Mr. PHELPS. I have said all I desired to say.
i Mr. ORR. I do not know whether the result
anticipated by the gentleman from Missouri will
transpire. All 1 have to say with reference to my-
self is, that if a proposition is made to Congress
hereafter to pay to this line additional compensa-
tion beyond what is provided for in the amendment
which I have offered, the gentleman will find me
standing shoulder to shoulder with him in opposi-
tion to any such proposition.
Mr. PHELPS. I have no doubt of it.
Mr. ORR. The amendment introduced by my-
self, and adopted by the committee, will however
relieve the House and the country from any such
danger as that. Sir, the pretense upon which the
Collins line of steamers received an additional ap-
propriation from this Government was, that they
were war steamers, and could be used by the Gov-
ernment whenever they were needed for war pur-
poses. But there is no such pretext as that in this
amendment. If these parties contract to carry the
mail, they may carry it in such vessels as they
choose—they may carry it in vessels of one thou-
sand tons burden, that are not able to carry a gun
if they see fit. They may carry it in any descrip-
tion of vessel they choose, and the only compen-
sation they can receive from the Government will
be the amount of postage which may be received
from the mails which they carry. What pretext,
'hen—what pretense can any of the proprietors of
this line have for coming to Congress to ask ad-
ditional compensation ? Sir, it is all a scare-crow
raised by my friend from Missouri, [Mr. Phelps.]
I know he is opposed to this system of mail steam-
ers supported by Congress, and I think myself
that it is obnoxious to all the objections whicn he
has raised against it. But this stands upon an en-
tirely different footing than that of the otherforeign
mail service, and if Congress had at the outset
adopted that line of policy which is set forth in this
amendment, I think neither my friend from Mis-
souri [Mr. Phelps] nor any one else would have
any ground of objection against the system at
all.
Mr. PHELPS. How was it with this Collins
line, when we first contracted with them?
Mr. STUART. I rise to a question of order.
I insist that gentlemen shall be confined to the ex-
planation ana legitimate discussion of their amend-
ments.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PHELPS. With the consent of the com-
mittee, I will withdraw my amendment.
Mr. STUART. I object.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment to the amendment was not agreed to.
The question then recurred upon the Senate
amendment as amended.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Illinois. I move to
amend the amendment by striking out the last
clause of the section.
Mr. CLARK. I think that amendment is not
in order.
Mr. ORB.. If I understand it, the clause which
the gentleman from Illinois proposes to strike out
