THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
32d Cokgress, 2d Session.
THURSDAY, MARCH 3, 1853.
New Series....No. 71.
has been inserted by the committee. I submit j
that it is not it) order.
The CHAIRMAN. It is not in order to move
to strike out any portion of what the committee
have determined to insert. The Chair decides,
therefore, that the amendment of the gentleman
from Illinois is not in order.
Mr. LETCHER. 1 move that the committee
do now rise, for the purpose of terminating the
debate upon this section.
Mr. CAMPBELL. 1 do not yield the floor for
that purpose.
Mr. LETCHER. I rise to a question of order.
I ask if it is competent for a member to obtain the
floor and keep it until he finds what amendment
he wants to offer '
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Illinois offer an amendment?
Mr. CAMPBELL. Yes.sir; I desire to know
whether it is in order to strike out any portion of
the section ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is in order to move to
strike out any portion of the amendment, except
that which has been inserted by the committee.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move to strike out the
words " Postmaster General." I
I move this amendment for the purpose of say-
ing: a few words in relation to this matter. Sir,
I do not see that there is anything dangerous
in this amendment as it came from the Senate,
and containing the name of any particular per-
son who is to be the recipient of this contract.
Now, sir, I perceive a very wide distinction be-
tween the Collins line of steamers and the line of
steamers we propose to authorize by this con-
tract, to run between California and China. But
there is another object we have in view in encour-
aging a line of this kind, which I conceive to be
far more important than that of carrying the mail.
The mail service will be performed between the
two countries, and that will be the means of open-
ing up a trade and commerce between them. That
is the great object to be accomplished on the part
of this Government; and as I have said, it is an
object vastly more important than the mere fact
of having a postal communication between the
two nations. In that view of the case, there is no
kind of analogy between the Collins line oi steam-
ers and the line of steamers which will be estab-
lished by this amendment, if it shall become a
law.
There was a commerce already in existence be-
tween Great Britain and this country when the
Collins line was established; and not only that,
but there was a commercial competition, the ex-
istence of which induced this Government to lend
its patronage to that particular line of steamers.
In that case, the effect was to crush down all com-
petition which might spring up upon the part of
private individuals. But here the Government
will be encouraging a proposition which is to build
up a commerce where there is not, and cannot
from the nature of things be, any competition
upon the part of private individuals. Should it
not, then, be the policy of this Government to en-
courage that commercial intercourse? And is it
not best to do so by giving this contract to a pri-
vate individual, and through him open this trade
between the two nations, which must of necessity
be highly beneficial to this Government ? These
are the reasons which have induced m~to support
this amendment as it came from the Senate. I be-
lieve it is better calculated to carry out the great
object which we have in view, and to carry out
that policy which it is for the interest of the coun-
try to pursue, than anything we can adopt.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. STANLY. I want to move an amend-
ment to this section. I move to add the following:
Provided, That the contractors under this law shall not
hereafter call upon Congress for any pecuniary aid.
Mr. Chairman, I concur fully in the excellent
remarks made by the chairman of the Committee
on Ways and Means, [Mr. Houston,] that if we
are to encourage by law such a project as this, it
should have been introduced into this House be-
fore this time and this hour of the session.
71
Mr. STUART. I call thegentleman from Noi th ;
Carolina to order. He is not showing why 1 is
amendment should be adopted, and I insist tint
he shall be confined in his remarks to that strict y.
Mr. STANLY. I hope my friend fiom Mull-
igan will not interrupt me.
* Mr. STUART. Well, sir, we have more busi-
ness than the House can get through with.
Mr. STANLY. Who brought this busiress 1
here? I did not.
Mr. STUART. I ask that the Chair shall en-
force the rule. .
TheCHAIRMAN. Thegentleman from N >rth
Carolina must confine his remarks to the explana-
tion of his amendment.
Mr. STANLY. 1 am in order. Sir, I am
against this amendment of the Senate, and against
this whole business. Here we are within five min-
utes of twelve o'clock—the last day of the session
—and a proposition is brought forward involving
the whole policy of the country, and gentlemen
say we must pass it through without discussion,
or we shall not have time for the transaction of
other business. That is the way everything in
this House is passed. Sir, I object to this kind
of legislation. I do not want any more Collins
line business. Let this proposition go to the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, or some other officer of
the Government, and let it come before this House
in the regular manner. Sir, the better judgment j
of this House must tell them that we ought not to ]
pass these important measures at the present time.
Our sober senses tell us it is not right. These
projects are brought herewith the expectation that
they will be rushed through the House, in the last
hours of the session, when there is such an amount
of business pressing upon us that gentlemen hardly
know what passes, and what does not. I hope
the whole matter wiil be voted down.
The question now being upon the adoption of
the amendment to the amendment,
Mr. CAMPBELL, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment.
Mr. CL1NGMAN. I move the following as
an amendment:
And that the ships so employed shall not be allowed to
carry freight or passengers tor hire prior to the end of the
next session of Congress, and that in the mean time the
President be requested to enter into negotiations with the
Governments ol Great Britain, France, and other toieign
nations, with a view of making such regulations a-= may he
necessary to prevent the interference with private enterprise
by vessels owned or sustained wholly or in part by Govern-
ments, and that such vessels may be prevented from carrying
i freight and passengers, so as to come into competition with
tbe ships owned by individuals or corporations, and pro-
l viding tor letting out to tile lowest fcidder tbe carrying of
tbe mails.
1 hope the Chair will rule this to be in order.
The CHAIRMAN. Tlie Chair thinks that is
in order.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I desire to say but a sin-
gle word in reference to it.
Mr. STUART. I rise to a question of order.
I ask the Chair whether it is in order to regulate
the carrying of freight in this bill?
Mr. CLINGMAN. Certainly it is. If we
make this contract with these parties, we can im-
pose what conditions we choose.
Mr. STUART. Well, sir, I desire to havethe
decision of the Chair at least.
j The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides the
amendment to be in order.
Mr. CLINGMAN. It will be recollected that
1 when the Collins line was under discussion in this
House, that loitered asimilar amendmentto that;
but it was voted down, because the friends of that
measure were against it. 1 believe, if it had been
adopted, it would have had a tendency to strength-
en the measure, rather than otherwise. But I now
bring forward this proposition again by itself,
and I hope it will be adopted. It is known that
we were induced to vote that appropriation to the
' Collins line, mainly to enable them to compete
' with another line of steamships which were sup-
ported by the British Government. The mer-
chants were all opposed to this appropriation, be-
cause they said these ships which were supported
by the patronage of the Government, would, of
course, underwork private enterprise; and that
the effect of the system would be to ruin our pri-
vate commerce. But I was one of those who
believed that if we allowed the Collins line to go
down, Great Britain would immediately increase
the number of ships upon the Cunard line, and
the result would be that our private commerce
would suffer far more than it possibly could from
any competition of the Collins line, and that Great
Britain would reap the benefits. 1 think, there-
fore, it may have been good policy, as Great Bri-
tain had embarked in this matter, to fit out a line
which should compete with her.
Mr. Chairman, I am opposed to this whole
thing of establishing new lines of steamers under
the patronage of the Government. I beg gentle-
men to remember that if we go into this system,
we shall have to meet the competition of the Gov-
ernments of Great Britain and France, which have
expended, and are expending, larger sums of
money upon their naval armaments than we are
able to expend upon ours. If these lines are to be
supported by the Government, the result will be
that the Governments of Europe will outstrip us
as much in this as they do in their present naval
armaments. But if you will leave it entirely to
private enterprise, our people will underwork
those of any nation in the world. Our mer-
chant marine is increasing faster than that of any
nation upon the face of the earth; and if you leave
this matter entirely to private enterprise, ynu will
find that we shall be ahead of all the world; but
if this Government are to advance money to ena-
ble a particular line to underwork the others, you
will very soon find that the Governments of
France and Great Britain will be willing to spend
ten dollars where we spend one.
My amendment simply requests the President,
between this and the next Congress, to enter into
such arrangements as may be necessary to carry
out this object; and, for one, if I should ever be
here again, I should be willing to vote for a law
which would provide that no vessel wholly, or in
part, sustained by any Government, should come
into any of our ports for freight or passengers. I
am willing to adopt that line of policy. But, in
the mean time, you must not do injustice to the
contracts you have already made. In about two
years, the term of our contract with the Collins
line will expire, and then I am willine to get rid
of our support of that, and the other lines, upon
the best terms we can, and adopt the line of policy
I have suggested. I hope we shall now take the
initiative steps for establishing such a policy, and
I authorize the President to make such arrange-
ments as may be necessary, and report to the
I next Congress, and thus enable us to act intelli-
j gently in relation to the matter.
! [Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GORMAN. Mr. Chairman, I do not in-
tend to make any reply to the remarks of the gen-
tleman from North Carolina, but I desire that we
shall come to a vote upon this Senate amendment;
I and if I can get the floor after the amendment of
thegentleman from North Carolina is disposed of,
I shall move that the committee rise for the pur-
pose of stopping debate upon this particular section.
A Member. Whydon'tyou make the motion
now while you have the floor.
Mr. GORMAN. Iwill. I move that the com-
mittee do now rise.
The question was put, and the motion was
agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose, and the Speak-
er having resumed the chair, the chairman (Mr.
Seymour, of Connecticut) reported that the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union had,
according to order, had the Union generally under
consideration, and particularly the bill making ap-
propriations for the service of the Post Office De-
partment during the fiscal year ending the 30th of
June, 1854, and had come to no resolution thereon.
Mr. GORMAN. I move to suspend the rule
allowing five-minutes debate in the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union upon the sec-
tion of the Post Office appropriation bill last under
consideration.
