1124
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
recovered 111 tlic name of the United States, ill any court
having competent jurisdiction."
Mr STANLY demanded tellers upon the
amendment; which were ordered; and Messrs.
jENKixsand Gatlord, were appointed.
The question was taken and the tellers reported
there were—ayes 79, noes not counted.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I desire to obtain the
unanimous consent of the House to establish a
small route. I was not in when the Clerk read
over the amendments of the Senate establishing
mail routes in my State:
From Point Commerce, viaMidilleburg, to Boiling Green.
The question was taken on Mr. Davis's amend-
ment, and it was agreed to.
RIGHT OF WAY RECIPROCITY BILL.
Mr. HALL. I move to suspend the rules for
the purpose of taking up Senate bill No. G12,
merely granting the right of way from the Point
of Rocks, Maryland, through this District to
Georgetown.
Mr. STUART. I do not desire to object, but
it will be remembered that the reciprocity bill
stands as the first thing in order, and therefore,
if any gentleman objects, no suspension of the
rules can take place. Now, I ask the House to
take up that bill and dispose of it, so that any
gentleman who wishes to move to suspend the
rules may be able to do so.
Mr. HALL. I should like to know upon what
principle the reciprocity bill is now in order? It
comes up in the morning hour, and this is not the
morning hour.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mis-
souri [Mr. Hall] asks the unanimous consent of
the House to take up a certain bill, which he
designates, and gives notice that if it is objected
to, he will move to suspend the rules. The gen-
tleman from Michigan [Mr. Stuart] makes the
question that it is not in order to move to suspend
the rules. The Chair does not know upon what
ground that question of order is made.
Mr. STUART. If the Chair will allow me, I '
will state, that having disposed of this business, !
we are now at the commencement of the morning I
hour, where the reciprocity bill stands as the first .
business in order, the House having seconded the
demand for tiie previous question. The Chair
has more than once decided, that under such cir-
cumstances, no motion to suspend the rules is in
order, unless it be to go into Committee of the 1
Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opinion
that the House has not been engaged on unfinished
business, and that this is not the morning hour.
The House, by unanimous consent, has let the
morning hour go by, and taken up and disposed !
of other business. !
Mr. STUART. This same question arose yes-
terday, or the day before, and the Speaker an-
nounced, when precisely such business as this '
was finished, that the reciprocity bill was the next i
thing in order; and the gentleman from Massa- .
chusetts [Mr. Duncan] was prevented on that
account from submitting a motion to suspend the
rules to take up the bill with reference to the pro-
tection of the lives of passengers on steamboats.
The SPEAKER. The reciprocity bill would
have been the first business in order after the
reading of the Journal this morning; but the
House took up the amendments to the Post Office
appropriation bill, which were not unfinished
business, thereby giving the go-by to the morning
hour. The Chair holds that the gentleman from
Missouri, having the floor, had a right to make
his request to take up the bill which'he has indi-
cated, and, if objection is made, will have a right
to move to suspend the rules.
Mr. STUART. I do not object to the taking
up of the bill.
No objection being made, the following bill was
then taken from the Speaker's table and read a
first and second time by its title, viz: Senate bill
No. 612, to incorporate the Georgetown and
Catoctin Railroad Company."
Mr. HALL. That is a bill to incorporate a
company for a railroad from Georgetown to a
point on the Baltimore and Ohio railroad. As no
gentleman seems to desire further information con-
cerning it, I move the previous question.
The previous question received a second, and
the main question was ordered to be now put.
i The bill was then ordered to a third reading,
1 and was thereupon read the third time.
Mr. HALL. I demand the previous question
on the passage of the bill.
The previous question received a second, anil
the main question was ordered to be put; and be-
ing put, the bill was passed.
Mr. HALL. I move to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed, and to lay the motion
to reconsider upon the table.
The question was taken upon the latter motion,
and it was agreed to.
POST OFFICE BILL CONFERENCE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
the hands of Asbury Dickins, Esq., us Secre-
tary, informing the House that the Senate had in-
sisted on its amendments to the Post Office appro-
priation bill, disagreed to the amendments of the
House to amendments of the Senate, and asked for
a committee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses.
"WILLIAM HAZARD WIGG, DECEASED.
Mr. COLCOCK. 1 ask the unanimous consent
of the House to enable me to take up from the
Speaker's table Senate bill No. 547, " authorizing
' the adjustment and payment of the claims of
' William Hazard Wigg, deceased, for losses
' sustained by him during the war of the Revolu-
' tion."
Mr. SKELTON. I object. That bill ought
not to be passed. It introduces 
[Cries of " Order!" and " Suspend the rules!"]
Mr. DUNCAN. I object, and wish to state
my reasons for so doing 
[Cries of " No !" and "Not in order!"]
Mr. DUNCAN. The bill introduces a new !
principle that will give rise to discussion, and, |
without going its merits, it is enough to say that
we have not time to pass it at this session. i
: [Cries of " Order!"" Order !"]
j Mr. COLCOCK. I move to suspend the rules
I to enable the bill to be taken up.
Mr. WALSH. I hope that bill will be taken
up and passed, but I ask the gentleman from South
Carolina to give way for one moment, to let me
take up first Senate bill No. 226, for the relief of
William Lacon, a man who has been ruined 
[Cries of " Order !" and " Question !"]
A Member. We will take that up afterwards.
Let us dispose of the Wigg claim first.
Mr. WALSH. We can pass Lacon's bill in
two minutes. There can be no possible objection
to it.
Mr. COLCOCK. I cannot yield the floor for
that purpose.
Mr. ALLISON. I demand the yeas and nays
on the motion to suspend the rules.
The yeas and nays were ordered. j
Mr. GORMAN. I rise to a privileged question. '
[Cries of " Order!" and " Call the roll!"]
Mr. GORMAN. I have some business to re- ,
port to the House from the Committee on Printing, ,
and I cannot get the floor unless I take it from ij
somebody else. ■:
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot take K
the floor at this time, because there is a motion
pending to suspend the rules, which is a privileged
question. 1
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I hope the gen-
tleman from South Carolina will withdraw his
motion for a few moments.
Mr. COLCOCK. I must decline to do it.
The question was then taken on Mr. Colcock's
motion to suspend the rules, and there were—yeas
122, nays 46; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Aiken, William Appleton, 1
Ashe, A verett, Thomas H. Bayly, Beale, I!il>iahaus, Bo-
cock, Bowie, Bragg, Breckinridge, Briggs, Brooks, Albert
G. Brown, George (I. Biown, Busby, E. Carmigton Cabell,
Thompson Campbell, Cartter, Caskie, Chandler, Chastain,
Cliurcliwell, Clark, Clemen?, Clinginan, Coleock, Conner,
Cottman, Curtis, Darby, Dawson, Dean, Dimmick, Disnev,
Dockery, Dunliam, Edgerton, Edniundsou, Faulkner, Fay, '
Fitcli, Florence, Henry M. Fuller, Gamble, Gaylord, Good-
rich, Gorman, Green, Istiam G. Harris, Hart, Haws, Ilenn, ',
Holladay, Houston, Howard, lngersnll, Jackson, James j
Johnson, Robert \Y. Johnson, George \V. Jones, J. Giancy : -
Jones, Kulins, Kurtz, Landry, Letcher, Lockhart, Mace, '
Marshall, McCorhle, McLanahau, McMulhn, McNair,
MclAueen, Meade, Miller, Henry 1). Moore, John Moore,
Morehead, Morrison, Murphy, Nabers, Olds, Orr, Outlaw,
Andrew Parker, Peun, Porter, Powell, Preston, Price,
Richardson, Riddle, Robbins, Robinson, Ross, Russell, Sav-
age, Schermerliorn, Scurry, David L. Seymour, Origen S.
Seymour, Snow, Stanly, Alexander H. Stephens, St. Mar-
tin, Stratton, Strother,Sutherland, Taylor,Toombs, Vena-
ble, Wallace, Walsh, Ward, Addison White, Wilcoi, 1
Wildriek, William*, Woodward, and Yates—122.
NAYS—Messrs. Charles Allen, Allison, Barrere, Ben-
nett, John II. Boyd, Brenton, Joseph Cable, Lewis D.
Campbell, Cobb, John G. Davis, Duncan, Ilurkee, East-
man, I'.van^, Floyd, Giddinps, Goodemnv, Hebard, llors-
ford, Hunter, [ves, Jenkins, Gemge G. King, Pieston Kins,
Little, Mann, M.uttn, MilNon, Murray, Newton. Samuel
W. ['arker, Peaslee, Penniman, Perkins, Reed, Robie,
Sackett,Schoonmaker, Skelton,Thaddeus Stevens, Sweet-
ser, Thurston, Townsliend, YValbridge, Washburn, and
Wells—46.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the rules
were suspended.
The hill was then taken from the Speaker's ta-
ble, and read a first and second time by its title.
It directs the accounting officers of the Treasury
to adjust and settle the claim of William Hazard
Wigg, late of the State of South Carolina, for
losses sustained by him while detained as a host-
age during the war of the Revolution; that in the
said settlement the sum of £37,197 shall be allowed
with legal interest; and that the amount thus found
to be due shall be paid to the grandson of said
William Hazard Wigg, deceased, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated.
Mr. COLCOCK. Mr. Speaker, I could not
think of moving the previous question upon this
bill without first making a brief statement to the
House, but the time of the House is so limited that
I shall be reluctantly constrained to make that mo-
tion before I take my seat.
Anxious as I am that this bill should pass, I
have too much respect for the members of this
House to ask them to vote upon any claim in
which a constituent of mine is interested, without
first making a brief statement of the facts of the
case.
[Loud cries from all parts of the Hall of " No
speech!" and " Move the previous question !"
Mr. COLCOCK. Well, sir, I yield to what
seems to be the general wish of the House, and
move the previous question without making any
statement.
Mr. ALLISON. I hope the gentleman will
not move the previous question.
[Calls of " Order !" and " Yes !" " Yes !"1
Mr. ALLISON. I appeal to him to withdraw
the call.
Mr. COLCOCK. No, sir; I cannot withdraw
it.
The previous question received a second, and
the main question was ordered to be now put.
Mr. SACKETT. I rise to a question of order.
I desire to know if there is an appropriation con-
tained in this bill ?
The SPEAKER. There is.
Mr. SACKETT. Then I make the question
of order that the bill must go to a Committee of
the Whole House.
| Mr. COLCOCK. I move to suspend the rule
' requiring the bill to be considered in a Committee
of the Whole House.
The question was put, and (two thirds voting
in favor thereof) the rule was suspended.
The bill was then ordered to a third reading;
and, having been read the third time, was passed.
Mr. COLCOCK. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed, and to lay the
motion to reconsider upon the table.
The question was put on the latter motion, and
it was agreed to.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The Senate have
insisted on their amendments to the Post Office
appropriation bill, and ask for a Committee of
Conference. I move that a Committee of Con-
ference be appointed on the part of the House.
The motion was agreed to; and the Speaker
thereupon appointed Messrs. Jones of Tennes-
see, Haven, and Pitch, managers of said confer-
ence on the part of the House.
INTRUSIONS WITHIN THE BAR.
Mr. STANLY. I rise to a question of privi-
lege. I offer the following resolution:
Resohed, That the Speaker be requested to direct the
Sergeant ai-Arms and Doorkeeper to keep all persons ex-
cept members of Congress, and the officers of the Senate
and House, l'roin coming within the bar of the House.
I offer that resolution in kindness to the Chair.
We cannot get along with business unless some-
thing of the sort is done. Half the time we have
not seats to sit in within the bar of the House. 1
have heard an elderly gentleman in this city—the
senior editor of the National Intelligencer, Mr.
Gales—say that he has been here for forty years,
