1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1125
and has never been within t!ie bar of the House.
I wish others would follow his example.
The question was then taken upon the resolu-
tion, anil it was agreed to.
Mr. WILDR1CK, from the Committee on En-
roled Rills, reported as correctly enrolled bills
i^which received the signature of the Speaker) of
the fo'lowins: titles, viz:
An act to extend preemption rights to certain
lands therein mentioned;
An act to provide for the survey of the public
lands in California, the granting of preemption
privileges therein, and for other purposes; and
An act for the relief of John Charles Fremont,
late lieutenant colonel in the Army of the United
St ues.
Mr. HALL. The title of one of the bills just
reported from the Committee on Enrolled Bills
provides for granting " preemption privileges."
The form in which it passed this House was for
"preemption rights." I presume it is a mistake,
and I ask that, by unanimous consent, it may be
changed back to the usual form for those bills.
There was no objection, and the word "priv-
ileges" was stricken out of the said title, and the
word " rights" inserted.
The SPEAKER. For the purpose of carrying
out the resolution of the House passed a few min-
utes since, the Chair directs the officers of the
House to execute the order of the House; and if
they find difficulty in the execution of that order,
to report that fact to the Speaker.
The officers of the House thereupon proceeded
to clear the Hall of all persons except those strictly
entitled under the rule to be admitted.
SEVENTH CENSUS.
Mr. GORMAN. I rise to a privileged question.
The Committee on Printing have instructed me to
report back the joint resolution for the printing the
Seventh Census, with the amendment of the Sen-
ate. I will state that the Senate have cut it down
considerably, and the Committee on Printing have
thought it advisable to pass it as it is. I move to
concur in the amendment of the Senate, and upon
that I demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The question was then taken, and the House
agreed to concur in the amendment of the Senate.
Mr. GORMAN. I move to reconsider the vote
last taken by which the House agreed to concur
in the amendment of the Senate, and to lay the
motion to reconsider apon the table.
The question was put, and the latter motion was
agreed to.
PATENT OFFICE REPORT.
Mr. GORMAN. I have another report to make
from the Committee on Printing, in relation to
printing the agricultural and mechanical parts of
the Patent Office Report for the present year. It is
well known that none of the members of this Con-
gress will get these books unless they order them
printed during the present session. We recom-
mend that the usual number of both parts be
printed. I move, therefore, under instructions of
that committee, the following resolution:
Retolved, That there be printed for the use of the House of
Representatives, one hundred thousand extra copies of the
agricultural report of the Patent Office, and ten thousand
copies tor the use of the Patent Office ; and that fifty thou
•and extra copies of the mechanical part be printed for the
use of the House of Representatives, and ten thousand cop-
ies for the use of the Patent Office.
Mr GORMAN. Upon the adoption of the
resolution I demand the previous question.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I ask the gentleman from
North Carolina to withdraw the call for the pre-
vious question to allow me to offer an amendment
to that resolution.
Mr. GORMAN. I will allow the gentleman
to offer an amendment, if he desires.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I move that instead of
fifty thousand copies of the mechanical part of the
Patent Office Report we print only ten thousand,
and that the number of agricultural reports be cor-
respondingly increased.
Mr. Speaker, I find that under the present
arrangement I have four hundred copies of the
agricultural report furnished me and two hundred
of the mechanical, but that notwithstanding, while 1
I have not enough of the agricultural to meet the
demand for them, yet I have a large surplus of
the mechanical left upon my hands which nobody
wants. I hope, therefore, that my amendment, I
which is to increase the number of the agricultu-
ral part to one hundred and forty thousand and
to print only ten thousand of the mechanical, will
be adopted.
Mr. GORMAN. I now call the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered to be put.
Mr. CLINGMAN. With the consent of the
committee, at the susrgestion of gentlemen around
me, I will modify my amendment so as to pro-
vide for twenty thousand copies of the mechanical
and one hundred and thirty thousand copiesof the
agricultural part of the report.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can modify i
his amendment by unanimous consent. j
Mr CARTTER. I object, and I hope the
amendment in any shape will he voted down.
The question was then taken^and Mr. Cling-
mak's amendment was disagreed to—ayes 50,
noes not counted.
The question was then taken, and the resolution
was adopted.
Mr. GORMAN. I move to reconsider the vote
last taken, by which the resolution was adopted,
and to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The question was taken, and the latter motion
was agreed to.
EULOGIES UPON DANIEL WEBSTER.
Mr. GORMAN. I have another report to make
from the same committee.
Mr. RIDDLE. I ask the gentleman from In-
diana to allow me to make a motion connected
1 with the resolution we have just passed.
Mr. GORMAN. I cannot give way. I am
authorized by the Committee on Printing to re-
port the following resolution, which was referred
to them by the House:
Resolved, That there be printed, tinder the direction of ;
the Committee on Printing, thirty thousand copies of the
obituary addresses delivered in the House and Senate on
the death of the Hon. Daniel Webster.
The question was taken, and the resolution was
adopted.
Mr. GORMAN. I move that the vote last ta-
ken, by which the House adopted the resolution,
be reconsidered, and that the motion to reconsider
be laid upon the table.
The question was taken, and the latter motion
was agreed to.
COAST SURVEY.
Mr. GORMAN. I have still another report to
make from the Committee on Printing. I am au-
thorized by that committee to report the follow- i
ing resolution, viz:
Resolved, That five thousand extra copies of the report
of the Superintendent of the Coast Survey for the year
1852 be printed, four thousand copies thereof for the use |
of the House, and the remainder for the use of the Coast ,
Survey Office; and that said report be printed and bound i
with the plates in quarto form.
Mr. Speaker, I will simply say that the num-
ber of copies of this document is largely cut down
from last year. I move the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered to be put.
The question was then taken, and the resolu-
tion was adopted.
Mr. GORMAN. I moveto reconsider the vote
last taken, by which the resolution was adopted,
and to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The question was taken, and the latter motion t
was agreed to. |
JOHN DE NEUFVILLE AND SON.
Mr. GREEN. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to take from the Speaker's table
1 joint resolution of the Senate (No. 51) for the re-
lief of John De Neufville & Son.
There being no objection, the joint resolution
' was taken from the Speaker's table and read
through. •
Mr. GREEN. I will simply say that the res-
olution passed almost unanimously in the Senate,
i and I think there should be no objection to it from
any one. I move to put it upon its passage, and
move the previous question.
I The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
I The joint resolution was then ordered to a third
reading and was then read a third time and passed.
Mr.°GREEN. I move to reconsider the vote
last taken, and to lay the motion to reconsider upon ,
the table.
The question was taken, and the latter motion
was agreed to.
ROBERT GIBSON.
Mr. EDMUNDSON. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to allow the Committee on
Invalid Pensions to report a bill for the relief of
Robert Gibson.
There was no objection; and
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee, from the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions, reported a bill (No.
368) for the relief of Robert Gibson, which was
read a first and second time by its title.
The bill, which was read through by the Clerk,
provides that the name of Robert Gibson shall be
placed upon the roll of invalid pensions from the
first day of January, 1852, to continue during his
natural life.
Mr. HARRIS. I demand the previous ques-
tion upon the third reading of the bill.
Mr. EDMUNDSON. I ask the gentleman to
withdraw his call for the previous question, to
allow me to offer an amendment to the bill.
Mr. HARRIS. 1 will allow the gentleman to
offer his amendment, though I shall vote against
it if it is what I suppose. I withdraw my call.
Mr. EDMUNDSON. I move to strike out
, "January 1, 1852,"and insert " May 28,1849."
Mr. Speaker, I ask the House to hear me just
a moment in relation to the bill now under consid-
eration. My friend from Tennessee [Mr. Harris]
is a faithful guardian of the Treasury, and I re-
spect him for that; but I think he has gone a little
too far in this case. The petition in this case was
filed in the Pension Office some three years ago,
asking that Robert Gibson be placed upon the roll
of invalid pensions. He has been an invalid ever
since 1814. The proof of his neighbors, and those
who were with him in the service, is conclusive
upon that point. The Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions, however, have only recommended that he
shall be allowed a pension from the 1st January,
1852. I ask that that report may be amended so
as to make his pension commence with the 28th
of May, 1849, that being the time at which his
petition was filed in the Pension Office.
Mr. HARRIS. In reply to the gentleman from
Virginia, I have only to say, that the Committee
on Invalid Pensions have adopted the same rule
in all those cases which is in force in the Pension
Office. They have provided that the pension shall
commence with the timethe proof in the case was
perfected, which was in January, 1852. I de-
mand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The question being first upon the adoption of
the amendment, it was put, and the amendment
was disagreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and having been engrossed, it
was read the third time, and passed.
Mr. EDMUNDSON. I move that the vote
last taken be reconsidered, and that the motion to
reconsider do lie upon the table.
The question was put, and the latter motion
was agreed to.
LAND OFFICES—CHANGE OF LOCATION.
Mr. ABERCROMBIE. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to take up and consider Sen-
ate bill No. 622, entitled " An act to authorize a
change in the location of land offices."
No objection was made, ami the bill was taken
up, and read a first and second time by its title.
Mr. ABERCROMBIE. I move the previous
question upon ordering the bill to a third reading.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered to be put.
The question now being " Shall the bill be or-
dered to a third reading?" it was put, and decided
in the affirmative.
The bill was subsequently read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. ABERCROMBIE. I move to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed, and to lay
the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The question was put upon the latter motion,
and it was agreed to.
CATHERINE PROCTOR HAYDEN.
Mr. JACKSON. I have not at any time du-
ring the present session of Congress asked the
unanimous consent of the House to take up a
bill. I now present the case of an aged lady, the
