1128
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
[Cries of "Object!"and "No, no!"]
\[ r. SAOKK IT. I move to suspend the rules
for llmt pmpose. '
Mr. CROWN, of Mississippi. There is any I
number of bills from the Senate that have been in
the hands of committees since last session, but
which havenever been reported back. They ought
to be included in the motion.
Mr. SACKETI. We cannot act upon them.
Mr. OUR. There are Senate bills which have
been examined by committees, and precedence
ought not to be given to those bills which have
never been referred.
Mr. SACKETT. I ask for tellers.
Tellers were ordered;and Messrs. GAYLORDand
Wilcox were appointed.
The question was then taken on Mr. Sack-
ett's motion, and the tellers reported—ayes 50;
not two thirds of a quorum.
So the rules were not suspended.
Mr. HART. How is it known that there is a
quorum in the House'
The SPEAKER. The last vote shows it.
RICHARD  I. BOUTON AND OTHERS.
Mr. SNOW. I hold in my hand a bill " for the
relief of Richard M. Bouton, G. Wright, and the
widow of Marvin W. Fisher," which has passed
the Senate unanimously. Being a modest man,
and this being the second time I have occupied the
floor since I have been a member of Congress, I
expect to obtain the unanimous consent of the
House to take up the bill. It is a bill which not
only involves the rights and interests of private
citiaens of this Government, but the interests of
the Government itself.
Mr. MOREHEAD. I object.
Mr. SNOW. I move to suspend the rules.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. I demand i
tellers on that motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Clingman
and Eivi.vc were appointed.
The question was then put, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 52; not two thirds of a quorum.
So the rules were not suspended.
JONATHAN KEARSLEY AND JOHN BIDDLE.
Mr. ORR. I ask the unanimous consent of the
House to make a report from the Committee on
Public Lands on a private claim. It does not ap-
pertain to any of my constituents. It is a bill " to
' provide for the final settlement of the accounts
' of Jonathan Kearsley, late receiver of public
' moneys at Detroit, and of John Biddle, late re-
' gister of the land office at that place."
Mr. POLK. I object. The Committee on
Public Lands occupied the whole of the last ses-
sion.
Mr. ORR. I move to suspend the rules, and I
ask that the bill may be read.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Georgia. I desire to know
what special reason there is why this bill should
be reported and not others ?
Mr. POLK. Would it be in order to ask what
proportion of the time of this Congress the Com-
mittee on Public Lands have consumed in making
reports ?
Mr. COBB. A very reasonable proportion.
Mr. ORR. I suspect that the Committee on
Public Lands have been a little more industrious
than some other gentlemen here. [A laugh.]
Mr. COBB. They have attended to their busi-
ness, and prepared bills for the action of the
House.
The Clerk then read the bill.
Mr. DANIEL. I object to those claims. I
have examined them and think they are unjust.
Mr. ORR. Well, sir, I move that the rules be
suspended; and if that motion prevails, I shall
offer an amendment to the bill, providing that in
no event shall the sum allowed to the claimants
exceed $2,000.
The question was then taken, and (two thirds
not voting in favor thereof) the rules were not
suspended.
ELIZABETH BRANCH.
Mr. DANIEL. I have risen for the purpose
of offering a resolution; but before I do it, 1 ask
the unanimous consent of the House to withdraw
from the files the papers of Elizabeth Branch 
A Member. Which branch is that? [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. ORR. I object. The gentleman objected
to my bill.
Mr. DANIEL. I ask that the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions may be discharged from
the further consideration of those papers, that
they may be sent to the Pension Office. There
can be no possible objection to it.
Mr. ORR. 1 object.
Mr. DANIEL. Let thegentleman object, then !
Mr. FICKLIN. I desire the unanimous con-
sent of the House 
Mr. DANIEL. I still have the floor.
The SPEAKER. Upon what principle does
the gentleman from North Carolina claim the
floor?
Mr. DANIEL. I stated distinctly that I rose
for the purpose of offering a resolution, but that
before proceeding to do so, 1 would ask the unan-
imous consent of the House for the withdrawal
of certain papers from the files. Now, if the
gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Orr] is so
unjust 
Mr. ORR. I call thegentleman to order. De-
bate is not in order.
Mr. DANIEL. If thegentleman is so unjust
as to prevent the withdrawal of the papers neces-
sary to procure a pension for an old lady, let him
object. I now proceed to submit the resolution.
Mr. FICKLIN. I ask what is the ruling of
the Chair as to who is entitled to the floor ?
The SPEAKER. In consequence of the con-
fusion which prevails in the Hall, the Chair did
not hear two words of what the gentleman from
North Carolina now states that he said, and sup-
posing that the gentleman rose merely for the pur-
pose of withdrawing some papers, assigned the
floor to thegentleman from Illinois.
Mr. DANIEL. I distinctly said what I have
stated, and everybody within hearing of my voice
heard it.
The SPEAKER. Upon that representation
the Chair assigns the floor to the gentleman from
North Carolina; and the Chair would suggest that
if gentlemen would maintain order, and not insist
upon discussing questions which are not in order,
we should get on much better.
JOHN LEE.
Mr. DANIEL. I have the floor. That is suf-
ficient. I move to suspend the rules to enable me
to offer the following resolution:
Resolred, That there be paid out of the contingent fund
of the House of Representatives, to John Lee, an employee
of the House, under a resolution passed on the 4th day of
March, 1842, the sum of $250, being the sum which he was
entitled to receive under a resolution passed on the 3d day
of March, 1851, and which was impioperly withheld from
him.
The question was then taken, and (two thirds
voting in favor thereof) the rules were suspended.
Mr. POLK. I offer the following as an amend-
ment to that resolution:
That Samuel S. Thomas, who has been acting as page on
the floor of the House of Representatives, be placed upon !
the same footing with the regular pages, and that he be !
paid the same compensation, commencing on the 6th of De-
cember last.
I will merely state that the Doorkeeper says J
that this boy has been efficient in every way, and
that he is a very worthy, clever little fellow.
Mr. DANIEL. I have no objection to that. I '
think it ought to be adopted. !
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi. I desire to offer
an amendment for the benefit of John Lewis Hick-
A Member. Is that Beau Hickman ? [Laugh- ,
ter.]
Mr. BROWN. No, it is a colored gentleman
who stands behind the table up stairs. My reso-
lution is in these words:
Resolved, That the Clerk of the House of Representa-
tives be, and he is hereby, directed to pay to John Lewis
Hickman, fifty cents per day for the time he has been act- ,
ually employed as a messenger or otherwise about the Cap-
itol.
[Loud laughter, and cries of " Good !"] .
Mr. DUNCAN. I feel bound to say for the j
information of the House, that, as I understand 1
this matter, John Lee, who is spoken of in the I
resolution of the gentleman from North Carolina I
as an employee of the House, was in no sense em- i
ployed, except that the House hired horses of him, |
paying him a dollar an hour for the use of them, j
I remember that he came frequently before the !
Committee on Accounts claiming this allowance. (
If I am wrong, the gentleman from North Carolina j
j can set me right. I
I Mr. DANIEL. I trust I shall be allowed to 1
reply to thegentleman. This matter was brought
regularly before the Committee on Claims. I
know that the Clerk of the House, Mr. Young,
rejected this claim under a resolution passed, I be-
lieve, in 1847. Buta resolution was certainly passed
making Leeexpressly one of the employees of the
House, and making him responsible for the cus-
tody of the public stables. It was, I believe, the
unanimous opinion of the Committee on Claims
that he was improperly excluded from this com-
pensation, and although I myself have uniformly
voted against all these extra allowances, yet as
Mr. Lee was the only one excluded, 1 feel con-
strained by a sense of justice to vote for his claim.
Mr. MASON. This case of Mr. Lee has gone
from committee to committee. I believe it has
traveled round all the committees of the House.
We have no authority whatever to pay him this
amount, and it ought not to be paid.
Mr. MEADE. I ask the gentleman from North
Carolina to accept another amendment.
Mr. DANIEL. I cannot. It will make the
resolution so heavy that it will break down.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi. I move the
previous question.
The previous question received a second, and
the main question was ordered to be now put.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Brown's-
amendment, and it was agreed to.
The question recurred upon Mr. Polk's amend-
ment as amended, and being put, the amendment
as amended was agreed to.
The question then was upon agreeing to Mr.
Daniel's resolution as amended.
Mr. MOREHEAD. Upon that I demand the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. MASON. I call for tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
The question was then taken, and the resolution,
as amended, was adopted.
Mr. DANIEL. I rise to a privileged question.
I move to reconsider the vote by which the reso-
lution was adopted, and to lay the motion to re-
consider upon the table.
The question was put upon the latter motion,
and it was agreed to.
SISTERS OF VISITATION OF WASHINGTON.
Mr. FICKLIN. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to take up Senate bill No. 236, " to
incorporate the Sisters of Visitation of Washing-
ton, District of Columbia." The bill contains no
appropriation, nor does it grant any exclusive
privileges beyond what are granted in ordinary
acts of incorporation.
There was no objection, and the bill was ac-
cordingly taken up from the Speaker's table and
read a first and second time by its title, and or-
dered to a third reading. Subsequently it was
read the third time and passed.
Mr. FICKLIN. I move that the vote last
taken, by which the bill passed, be reconsidered,
and that the motion to reconsider do lie upon the
table.
The question was taken, and the latter motion
was agreed to.
SPANISH CONSUL AT NEW ORLEANS.
Mr. LANDRY. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to take up from the Speaker's table
Senate joint resolution No. 44, for the relief of the
Spanish consul, and other subjects of Spain re-
siding at New Orleans, and of subjects of Spain
residing at Key West, by indemnity for losses
occasioned in the year 1851.
I do not intend to make a single remark upon
the subject, for when the resolution has been read,
I doubt whether there will be a man in this House
to object.
The resolution was read through by the Clerk.
Mr. MACE. I object.
Mr. LANDRY. 1 now move to suspend the
rules, to enable theHouseto take up and act upon
the resolution.
The question was taken, and (two thirds having
voted in the affirmative) the rules were suspended.
The joint resolution was then taken up, received
its several readings, and was passed.
Mr. LETCHER. I rise to a question of order.
I submit that that resolution makes an appropri-
ation, and that, according to our rules, it must go
to the Committee of the Whole House.
[Cries of " Too late!"]
