1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1129
The SPEAKER.pro tempore. The Chair thinks
the point of order comes too late.
Mr. LANDRY. 1 move to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was passed, and to lay
die motion to reconsider upon the table.
The question was taken, and the latter motion
was agreed to.
LIGHT-HOUSE AND POST ROUTE BILL.
A message was here received from the Senate,
by the hands of Asbi ry Dickivs, Esq., its Sec-
retary, informing; the House that the Senate had
passed the bill of the House (No. 3(>2) " making
' appropriations for light-houses, light-boats,
' buoys, Ac., and providing for the erection and
■ establishment of the same, and for other pur-
' poses," with amendments, in which tliey asked
the concurrence of the House; and that the Senate
had agreed to appoint a committee of conference
upon the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on
the bill of the House i^No. 364) " to establish cer-
tain post roads," and had appointed Messrs.
Rvsk, Dodge, and Chase as the committee upon
the part of the Senate.
\lr. DUNCAN. I move that the light-house
bill just returned from the Senate with amend-
ments, be taken up and referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
The question was taken, and the motion agreed
to.
SPANISH CONSUL, ETC., AGAIN.
Mr. LETCHER. I insist upon my point of
order, that the bill which has just passed for the
relief of the Spanish consul ana others, could not
pass the House without the rule being suspended
which required it to go to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, or without its
being considered there.
The SPEAKER pro tem. The Chair has al-
ready decided that it is too late to raise the ques-
tion of order after the passage of the resolution.
If the House has violated its own rule, it is the
fault of the House.
Mr. LETCHER. I think it is the fault of the
Chair—if there is any fault—and not that of the
House.
The SPEAKER pro tern. The gentleman from
Virginia is scarcely in order. The Chair cannot
order the resolution to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union. It is the busi-
ness of the Chair to put the motions to the House
which are made.
Mr. LETCHER. I understand that it is the
business of the Chair to put only such motions to
the House as are in order, according to the rules
of the House.
The SPEAKERprotew. The gentleman from
Virginia is out of order. The Chair decides that
it is now too late to raise the question of order.
INSPECTORS OF STEAMERS.
Mr. DUNCAN. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to take from the Speaker's table the
resolution of the Senate (No. 79) in amendment
of a joint resolution relating to the inspectors of
steamers, approved the 7th day of January, 1853,
and act upon it.
Mr. LETCHER. I object.
Mr. DUNCAN. I move to suspend the rules
for the purpose of taking up the resolution.
The question was put, and upon a division
72 rose in the affirmative.
Mr. DUNCAN. I ask for tellers upon the
motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Sutherland
and Gaylord were appointed.
The question was again put, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 68, noes not counted.
So (two thirds not having voted in the affirma-
tive) the rules were not suspended.
RECESS.
Mr. McMULLlN. I ask the unanimous con-
«ent of the House to make the motion that the
House take a recess until six o'clock.
Mr. J0HNSON, of Arkansas. I object.
Mr. McMULLlN. I move to suspend the
rules.
Mr. MARTIN. I rise to a privileged question.
I move a call of the House.
The question was taken, and the motion was
disagreed to. !
The question then recurred upon the motion to
suspend the rulps.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Illinois. Upon that I
ask for tellers. i
Mr. CABELL, of Florida. 1 rise to a ques-
tion of order. 1 submit that it does not require a
vote of two thirds for the House to take a recess.
The SPEAKER pro tem. The Chair decides
that it is not in order to move to take a recess, and
that the rules must be suspended before the motion
can be made.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I demand the
yeas and nays upon the motion to suspend the
rules. If we take a recess now, the business for
the session is done. We shall not be able to get
the House together again.
Mr. McMOLLlN. Well, sir, to relieve gen-
tlemen from any doubt in relation to a question
of order, I will vary my motion. I move that
when this House adjourns it adjourn to meet at six
o'clock this evening.
The SPEAKER pro tem. That motion is not
in order.
Mr. McMULLlN. Then I insist upon my
motion to suspend the rules.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi. The yeas and
nays were called upon that motion.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Tellers were then demanded and ordered; and
Messrs. Mace and Ewing appointed.
The question was taken and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 7G, noes 34; no quorum voting.
Mr. EVANS. I demand tellers upon the yeas
and nays.
The SPEAKER pro tem. The Chair decides
that it is now too late to ask for tellers upon the
yeas and nays.
Mr. ORR. I move that there be a call of the
House.
Mr. TAYLOR. I demand the yeas and nays
upon that motion.
Mr. STEPHENS, ofGeorgia. Does the Chair
hold that it is necessary to suspend the rules for
the House to take a recess?
The SPEAKER pro tem. It certainly requires
a two-thirds vote to do it.
Mr. STEVENS. I rise to a question of order.
I submit to the Chair that two thirds are not ne-
cessary to take a recess. The effect of the motion
is not to fix the hour of adjournment. It is merely
to suspend the business of the House for two
hours.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. It is clearly within
the control of a majority to take a recess at any
time.
The SPEAKER pro tem. The Chair stated
when the motion was first made that it would re-
quire a two-thirds vote to take a recess, and that
was then his impression. Upon further reflection,
however, heis inclined to think the gentleman from
Georgia [Mr. Stephens] is correct in stating that
it is within the control of a majority, and he will
entertain the motion.
Mr. STEPHENS. The Chair is right in that
decision. I move that the House take a recess
until six o'clock.
Mr. EWING. Upon that motion I demand
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I desire to submit to the
Chair the fact, that when the question was put,
there was a majority in favor of taking a recess,
and I think no further action is required.
The SPEAKER pro tem. The Chair is not
aware that such a motion has been put to the
House.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The question was put,
and the tellers reported—ayes 76, noes 34.
The SPEAKER pro tem. That was upon the
motion to suspend the rules.
Mr. TAYLOR. I ask for tellers upon the mo-
tion that the House take a recess.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Hendricks
and Strother were appointed.
The question was then put, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 76, noes 28; no quorum voting.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. This House may adjourn without
a quorum, but it cannot take a recess without a
quorum. I call upon the Chair to decide that mo-
tion. It is legislative action It is not like a
motion to adjourn.
The SPEAKER pro tem. The Chair decides
that the House cannot act upon the motion with
out a quorum.
Mr. TOOMBS. I appeal from that decision.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I desire to
kaow if it is in order to move a call of the House ?
The SPEAKER. It is in order, in the opinion
of the Chair.
Mr. JOHNSON. I make that motion, and
j upon it demand the yeas and nays.
J The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question, "Shall there be a call of the
House?" was then taken, and the result was—
yeas 49, nays 68; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Averett, Thomas H. Bayly, Barrere,
Jno. H. Boyd, Brajrg, Busby, Chapman, Cha^tain, Clemens,
Colcoek, Daniel, Darby, Diminiek. Potv, Duncan. FvaiH,
Filch, Florence, Henry M. Fuller, Gaylord, Giddii-ijrs,
Grey, Grow, Hart, Hebard, Hendricks, Andrew Johnsnn,
Robert W. Johnson. Kurtz, Lookhart, Mace, Martin, Mc-
Corkle, McNair, McQueen, Million, Morn son, Muiray,
Orr, Phelps, Price, Reed, Robie, David L. Sevinuur, Smith,
Smart, Taylor, Thurston, and Townshend—49.
NAYS—Messrs. Habeock, Bennett, Bibi<iliau«, Bocoek,
Bowie, Bowne, Briegs, George H. Brown, Joseph Cable,
Lewis D. Campbell, Thompson Campbell, Caskie, Chand-
ler, Clark, Chnginan, Cobb, George T. Davis, Dean, Dun-
ham, Eastman, F.wtng, Fay, Ficklin, Freeman, Gamble,
Goodenow, Gorman, Green, Hammond, Sampson \V.
Harris, Haws, Hascall, Henn, Hibbard, Holladay, Hors-
ford, Howard, Thomas M. Howe, Thomas Y. How, lu-
gersnll, Jackson, Georje G. King, Kuhns, Landry, Little,
McMulhn, Meade, John Moore, Morehead, Murphy, \ i-
bers, Outlaw, Penn, Penniman, Polk, Powell, Riddle,
Robbins, Sabine, Schermerhorn, Origen S. Seymour,
Skelton, St. Martin, Venable, Washburn, Watkins, Wells,
and Woodward—68.
So a call of the House was not ordered.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
[A message was here received from the Senate,
by Mr. Dickins, its Secretary, informing the
House that they had passed the bill of the House
(No. 342) entitled " An act making appropriations
for the naval service during the year ending June
30th, 1854," with sundry amendments, in which
j they ask the concurrence of the House.]
i The question then recurred upon the appeal
from the decision of the Chair.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. We now have
an appropriation bill upon which we can act. I
appeal to the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Mc-
Mullin] to withdraw his motion for a recess and
let us go on with the business of the House.
Mr. McMULLlN. I will withdraw the mo-
tion.
The SPEAKER pro tem. Then the appeal of
the gentleman from Georgia will fall with the
withdrawal of the motion.
Mr. PHELPS. I move that the naval appro-
priation bill, with the Senate amendments, be re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
The question was put, and the motion was
agreed to.
Mr. DUNCAN. I move that the light-house
bill, which was referred to the Committee on
Conference, be considered as referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER pro tem. That can be done
by unanimous consent.
There was no objection, and the bill was accord-
ingly referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
Mr. PHELPS. I now move that the rutes be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The question was put, and the motion agreed to.
So the rules were suspended.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Orr in the chair.)
Mr. McMULLlN. I move that the committee
take a recess until six o'clock.
The CHAIRMAN. That motion is not in or-
der, in the opinion of the Chair.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. PHELPS. I move that the committee
take up and consider the naval appropriation bill
with the Senate amendments.
The question was put, and the motion was
agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. 1 move that the
committee rise for the purpose of closing debate
upon this bill.
Mr. McMULLlN. I move that the committee
take a recess until half-past six o'clock.
The CHAIRMAN. That motion is not in or-
der, in the opinion of the Chair.
Mr. McMULLlN. I think the motion has
usually been entertained in committee.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that the
motion is not in order.
