1134
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
Congress. It was charged that those other par-
ties had unileii, and had spent §90,000 in bribery,
Air. STAN FOX. I remember that during the
last Congress some outside parties, who had ap-
plied to the Secretary of the Navy, after this con-
tract was made, and who may have applied to
the gentleman from Georgia, for aught 1 know,
laid upon the desks of members a paper filled
with insinuations, which I am astonished the gen-
tleman from Georgia should repeat m this House
to-night, making charges against gentlemen who
had been members ot this House, but were not
at that time members of Congress. Now, if the
gentleman from Georgia has any insinuations or
any charges to make, let him make them boldly
and openly.
Mr. TOOMBS. I make no insinuations. When
I make charges I make charges. 1 insinuated noth-
ing. It is not my way of dealing with men or ques-
tions.
Mr. STANTON. Well, sir, the facts are these:
These gentlemen made a proposition to do this
work for the prices which the Secretary himself,
upon his own estimate, and upon the estimate of
the Bureau of Construction, admitted were fair.
They said the work could not be done for less.
But these third parties, who wanted the contract,
endeavored by every means in their power to op-
erate upon the Secretary of the Navy, to induce
him to violate the contract which he had made;
and this paper to which the gentleman from Geor-
gia has alluded was designed to effect the same
purpose. It is what I consider, and what the
committee of the Senate, of which Mr. Mason
was at the head, declared to be a violation of the
public faith, at the suggestion of interested parties
who desired to get the contract for themselves.
But I understand the gentleman from Georgia to
say that these contractors proposed originally to
build a dock, basin, and railway for ^300,000.
There was some such proposition, but I assure
the gentleman that there has never been any
change in the terms of the contract entered into
by these gentlemen, except that the appropriation
for the work ha< been increased in proportion to
the increased capacity of the dock by the addition
of a basin and railway. Now, what were the cir-
cumstances in relation to this matter? The objec-
tion was made to the floating dock, that it would
not be suitable without a basin, and that with a
basin, it would be inferior to a permanent stone
dock. Hence these parties made an invention by
which, when the vessel is elevated upon one of
these floating docks, it is floated into the basin
which is filled with water, and is as permanent as
a stone dock itself.
But I can inform this committee, that in Cali-
fornia, a stone dock, suitable for the purposes of
the Government, cannot be built for less than
§15,000,000; and I can inform them further, that
one of these floating dry-docks,with its basin and
railway, will perform ten times as much service
as the stone dock in the city of New York, which
cost the Government upwards of $2,000,000.
There is not a private company in the world
which has ever built a permanent stone dock.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question now being upon the adoption of
the amendment,
Mr. TOOMBS, by unanimous consent, with-
drew it.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I renew the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Georgia.
Mr. Chairman, I only desire to say a word in
reference to this dry-dock. I recollect the history
of it, perhaps better than any other gentlemen upon
the floor, and therefore I leel it my duty to state
what were the facts. When this subject first came
up, I was a member of the Committee on Naval
Affairs. We had the advocates of the sectional
dock and of the balance dock before us, and there
was the most inveterate fight between them that I
ever knew between any parties. The result was,
that they compromised the matter by an agree-
ment similar to what the gentleman from Georgia
(Mr. Toombs] has stated,and the whole difficulty
was at an end. Betore this, each was contending
that the plan recommended by the other was a bad
one; the advocates of the sectional dock maintained
that the balance dock was useless, and the advo-
cates of the balance dock maintained that the sec-
tional dock was useless. But they compromised
the matter, and after that the sectional dock, which
had beep, denounced aa useless by the advocates
j of the balance dock, became a good dock with
them, and the balance dock became a good dock
with the advocates of the sectional dock. I ex-
amined the matter fully, and I had great difficulty
in determining which was the best; but the gentle-
man from Georgia is entirely correct in stating
that these parties united, as 1 can say from my
own personal knowledge, for I was at that time
at the head of the Naval Committee, before whom
the matter was discussed at the time the agree-
ment was made. I do not know upon what terms
the agreement was made, but I recollect perfectly
well that it was made; that the whole difficulty
was settled, and both docks were purchased.
Mr. CARTTER. Mr. Chairman, I am a little
anxious that this matter should be understood, or
at least to know whether 1 understand it or not.
I care nothing about Mr. Moody, or about these
other parties. I have no personal acquaintance
with either of them. I care nothing about them,
and I do not think they have anything legitimately
to do with the subject before the House. What
1 desire to understand, and what 1 think this
House should understand, is the condition of the
harbor of San Francisco, and the interest and
wants of the commerce upon our Pacific coast.
That is what should be understood and treated
properly by this committee. The amendment of
the Senate now under consideration, if I under-
stand it, gives no premium to any one. It is to
render a service upon the estimates of the Depart-
ment.
This is the existing condition of the dry-docks
in California: The sectional part of this dry-dock,
as is represented by the Executive department of
this Government, is unprotected, in the bay of San
Francisco, from the winds, either by a pier or by
a basin. It is also represented that the expense
of protecting it by a pier is greater than what
would be required to complete the basin of the
dock, which basin operates as a shield to the op-
; eration of the sectional part of the dock, in place
of a pier.
Now, sir, you voted to San Francisco, much
against my will and judgment, to pile up a mass
of stone at the gateway of that bay and harbor,
and you are leaving, if the Department utters the
truth about it, the entire commerce of that region
to the mercy of the boisterous winds and seas of
that place. If this be true, well-guarded provis-
ions ought to be made for its security; and it is
the present exposure of that dock, in its uncom-
pleted condition, to which I wish at this time to
call the attention of the committee; and if I have
made myself understood, that is all I desire.
Mr. EW1NG. 1 move to increase the appro-
priation one dollar. I have seen appropriations
defeated here more than once, by vague insinua-
tions, which we have no power, no time, and no
opportunity to investigate. I give the gentleman
from Georgia [Mr. Toombs] full credit for being
honest in his purpose. I believe him to be an
honest guardian of the public Treasury, and at the
j same time I can give him some credit for liberality.
I Now, sir, if 1 understand this question, there
has been $650,000 appropriated for certain pur-
poses, and the Secretary of the Navy—who has
j not been bribed—tells us that this appropriation of ;
$150,000 for this railway and dry-dock, is abso-
lutely essential to make the former appropriations
available. 1 have seen upon this and upon similar
appropriations, a whole delegation from the At-
lantic sea-board march up and vote against appro- ;
priations for the Pacific sea-board. Talk about
profusion and prodigality in the expenditures on
that sea-board, and i point you to the millions,
the untold millions, that have been appropriated to
the Atlanlic sea-board in times gone by.
I feel interested in this as a western man; and I
look forward to the day when China's teas and
Burmese silks shall cross the bosom of the Mis-
sissippi valley on their way to Europe—when the
rich Asiatic trade shall cross our borders on its
way to the Atlantic sea-board. I
1 feel interested in this as a western man, and '
no one will charge us with prodigality, for we |
have had no appropriations of this sort. The j
day will come when we will command justice to i
the West upon this floor. Now, sir, if there is
bribery in this matter, where is it? Is there
bribery in reference to this appropriation of only
$150,U00, which the Secretary of the Navy tells
us is absolutely essential to make the former ap-
i propriation available? Millions upon millions I
i have been expended upon your Atlantic sea-board,
upon its harbors, its light-houses, and in making
experiments connected with such matters.
Now, sir, I ask that the committee shall take
this into consideration, and if there is in this mat-
ter anything of injustice, any bribery or corrup-
tion, let the charges be met, and let us not be
frightened—as I have sometimes been frightened—
I out of our votes, by insinuations of corruption,
bargain, and bribery.
The Secretary of the Navy, I believe, has not
been bribed; he has not been charged with it, and
he is a competent officer, and certainly one in
whose recommendation we ought to have much
confidence.
[Here the hammer fell.]
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
[A message was here received from the Senate,
by the hands of Asbcry Dickins, its Secretary,
informing the House that the Senate had receded
froiti all its amendments to the Post Office appro-
priation bill which were disagreed to by the
House.]
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to make a
report from the Committee of Conference upon the
Post Office appropriation bill.
The committee upon the part of the House,
upon the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
upon that bill, met the committee appointed upon
the part of the Senate, and they were not able to
agree upon any one of the disagreeing votes. A
message, however, has just been received from the
Senate notifying the House that the Senate has
receded from all its amendments disagreed to by
; the House, and of course the bill stands passed.
I NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. MARSHALL. In the five minutes which
are allowed for the discussion of this subject, it is
wholly impossible to enter into those mechanical
details which are necessary clearly to demonstrate
all the propositions which I propose to defend,
and to show the necessity, the absolute necessity,
of the appropriation under discussion, to render
at all available the much larger appropriation of
$650,000, which has already been expended in the
construction of this dry-dock. We have already,
as every one knows, voted $650,000 for the con-
struction of what is called a sectional dry-dock in
the Bay of San Francisco. Every gentleman in
this House, who has given this subject any atten-
tion, is well aware that the sectional dry-dock is
built of wood and of perishable materials, and that
it is a floating structure, that being the very prin-
ciple upon which it operates. The dock is sunk
( and receives the vessel, and by its floating qualities
raises the vessel so that it may be worked upon
and repaired. Unless there is a basin and railway
added to it, in that stormy bay, in which, F assure
you, seas sometimes rise which are formidable to
small vessels, and in which the tide flows at the
, rate of seven or eight miles an hour, some day
! or other our sectional dry-dock will be found float-
j ing out into the Pacific ocean.
j This has cost us $650,000, and the question with
which this House has to deal, and upon which it
is called upon to act, is, shall we throw away this
appropriation entirely, or shall we, by an additional
appropriation of $150,000, render the former avail-
able for the purposes we originally had in view?
The railway and basin, while it would protect
the dock, would answer the additional purpose of
extending, indefinitely, accommodations to the
immense number of vessels which may be repaired
upon it. The perishable part of this dock has
cost no more than the perishable part of the dock
in Brooklyn, while over $2,000,000 have been ex-
pended at the latter place in the stone work and
other permanent parts of thestructure. The dock
at California can be completed for a considerably
less sum, and the basin and railway can be added
to it, augmenting its efficiency, and affording it
absolute security, for the appropriation now pro-
posed to be made. It is an appropriation abso-
lutely necessary to render useful that which we
already have expended.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. EWING. If there is no objection, I with-
draw my amendment.
No objection was made, and the amendment
was accordingly withdrawn.
Mr. WASHBUR.N. I move to increase the
appropriation twenty dollars. I do not know how
