1853.
TOE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
this question will be decided, but I trust it will be
decided on its true merits, and oil the true issue 111
the case, and not on side issues. It seems to me
that the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,]
with more ingenuity than ingenuousness, has
undertaken to divert the attention of the House
from the question really before us. What is the
question—not what is the character of the con-
tractors. not as to the history of the matter in the
past, not sis to what has been done by them but
what does the convenience and the necessity of
the country require now 111 reference to this matter?
As 1 understand, a contract has been made, which
is now nearly, if not entirely executed by com-
petent parties, for tiie construction of a dry-dock.
I have not heard it said by the gentleman from
Georgia, or any other gentleman on this floor,
that mat contract has not been well executed, or
that it was unreasonable and the work cost more
tMn it ought to have cost: not at nil. Does any
fentlemaii pretend to say that a dry-dock of some
kind is not necessary on our Pacific coast? Cer-
tainly not. Does anybody pretend to say that there
can be any other kind o'f dock constructed there
but a balance dock ? Certainly not; for, as some
gentlemen have stated, it would cost §15,000,000
to build a stone dock there.
Then this is settled, that we must have a dock
at Mn Francisco, and one that can be accessible
and avai'able for our navy and commercial marine
there. Can this be without we make some pro-
vision for protecting and securing- it: Certainly
not. You have thrown away your $1550,000, un-
less you make some provision for a bastn and
railway, and that is the true question before the
House. I think that the commercial interests of
this country, and the ship-masters and ship-owners
of my State—and there nre hundreds and perhaps
thousands of vessels owned there now riding m the
Pacific ocean—will not be satisfied with this dis-
cussion, if they find the question has been decided
on collateral issues, and not on the true merits of
the case.
Mr. STEPHEN'S, of Georgia. The gentleman
tajks as though we had no dock at San Francisco.
We have one there; and why is it not available
and useful : The Secretary of the Navy, Hon.
William A. Graham, told us two years ago that
the dock we then authorized to be constructed was
n<np!e and sufficient for all of the purposes of the
Government and the commerce of that section of
the country.
Mr. E WING.
now :
Mr. STEPHENS. I intend to take up both
points, and each by itself. I ask the chairman of
the Committee on .Naval Affairs whether the Sec-
retary of the Navy did not, two years ago, tell the
country that the dock then authorized to be built
was ample and sufficient ?
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. The Secretary
of the Navy—Mr. Graham—said, at first, that the
dock would be efficient by building a pier; but af-
terwards, that there must be either a pier or basin
to make it efficient. 1 think that he yields his
preference for the basin.
Mr. STEPHENS. That pier has been built
or contracted for 
Several Members. No, sir !
Mr. STEPHENS. A contract has been en-
tered into for its construction. Whetherit is com-
pleted or not I do not know 
Mr. STANTON. No, sir!
Mr. STEPHENS. In the documents I find
the following:
'• \ subsequent contract, by authority of law, was made
with ihe oon'ractors, requiring them to prepare piers and
accommodations for, and allowing them to use the
dwk, under certain restrictions, for three years, or unlil
the United Stated shall resume it* control, and prepare a
place fonts accommodation and safe-keeping."
What do you say to this statement? Yes, sir;
a contract has been entered into for the building
of those piers, for so it is stated in one of the of-
ficial documents emanating from the Treasury De-
partment. So the piers have been contracted for;
whether the work is done I do not know. But
now we are asked to save the dock by authorizing
the building of a basin and railway, which, per- !j
hans—looking to California prices—will cost a ■
raii'ion and a half of dollars !
Mr. Chairman, I do hope that this committee 1
Will pause and reflect on the history of this mat- I1
J*r, which was stated by my colleague, [Mr. >j
Toohbj,] Some five or six years ago we were !i
What does the Secretary say
invoked to construct floating docks, basins, and
railways at Pensacola, Philadelphia, and Kittery.
in Maine, under the representation of a cost of
about $300,000 at each place; but the cost at all
the three places swelled up before they were fin-
ished to the enormous amount of $3,000,(100 and
upwards, if I mistake not. And yet the same
contractors came here and asked us to enter into a
contract with them for building a similar work at
t>an Francisco, where the cost must be much
greater. They got a clause inserted in the naval
bill at the heel of the session in September, 1850
authorizing the Secretary of the Navy to make a
contract with them. It was said that he did make
a verbal contract with them to build it for about
$1,;>00,000—I forget the exact amount. Well, in
March afterwards, two years ago—I wish the com-
mittee to listen, and hear what Congress then said
upon the subject of that alleged contract, now
brought to light again—1 read from the law:
" For the floating dry-dock in California, $150,000 ; and
the Secretary ot the Navy is hereby required^ao to modify
the contract alleged to have been made on the 17th January
lust as to eonliue the sum to the construction of the floatin 
dock alone, without the basin and railway : Pmrnicif
1 he contractors will airree to do the work at the estimates'
made by the Department in November am! December last:
.indyrovided, The Secretary considers the said estimates
lair and reasonable ; and so much of said law as authorize*
the construction of the hasin and railway U Uercbyrcpealcd.'-
Let it be borne in mind by this committee that
that alleged verbal contract, it"it ever existed, was
modified both by the Government and the con-
tractors. 1 his House put the seal of its disap-
probation on it. The law of 1850, authorizing a
contract for the basin and railway to be made,
was passed just at the heel of a session, on a night,
at a late hour, just as it is now brought up on
just such a night and hour as this. It never shows
itself in the broad light of day, but we always find
it at the last hour of a session, in the darkness of
night, prowling about like an evil spirit. Mem-
bers are then attempted to be gulled about the
commerce of the country.
Mr. HART. 1 would be glad to know of the
gentleman whether a proposition of the same char-
acter was not submitted in daylight, while the
Naval appropriation bill was under consider-
ation ?
Air. STEPHENS. And the House then, as it
has for the last three years, when it had daylight
to consider it, repudiated it.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. STEPHENS then, by unanimous consent,
withdrew his amendment.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I move to
strike out all of the appropriation except $100,000,
and I do so, because I believe that this is not the
time, nor the manner to pass a gigantic bill of this
kind. It was brought before the House at the last
Congress, deliberately considered, and finally re-
pudiated.
No w, it comes in at the heel of this session, when
we cannot consider it properly, and I am going to 1
say, without fear of denunciation, what the gen-
tleman from Georgia has said, that I believe it to
be carried by corruption. I beiieve that the agents
—I do not come into the House—I believe that
the agents who surround this Hall and this Con-
gress, are to get their hundreds and thousands if it
passes.
Mr. EWING. Do you believe it?
Mr. STEVENS. I believe it, and I have suf- '
ficient evidence to convince myself of it. What
will govern me may not others, and I am only
stating a motive of my own conduct. When this
bill was up before, it was opposed by an honora-
ble gentleman from New York, whose name I will
not be induced to mention, for he is not here now,
and I therefore have no authority to do so, and
he was about having it defeated, when he was
called on by the other party, and offered §10,000
cash if he would withdraw his opposition, and let [
it pass. And I believe him, for I know him to be I
a man of no deception. I believe, sir, that now, '
not by members from California, for they would
scorn it, but by others who have their thousands
depending—this bill has been brought up at this
moment, put on in the Senate, and is to be pressed
through the House without proper time for delib- !
eration and discussion. I believe that the present
dock, with some improvements, may be made to
answer well in California; but if it cannot give us
time so that the matter may be thoroughly inves-
tigated, I will not go for a bill which is brought
1135
in and sustained by corruption, not, I say again,
by gentlemen from that quarter.
Mr. MARSHALL. 1 would ask the gentle-
man whether they have not such a dock as we
want, in Philadelphia, in full and successful opera-
tion ? r
STEVENS. Sir, is that an argument for
me or you? They may have docks there. They
have there what Norfolk, New York, and other
places have, not a basin and railway, but a dry-
(lock. I say this is not the time nor the hour, at
the expiring moments of Congress, in the confu-
sion and noise, and surrounded by thousands of
outside pressure, to pass away your millions, and
1 shall certainly vote against the bill.
I SWLLTSER. I desire, Mr. Chairman,
before the question is taken upon the Senate
amendment upon which this debate has ensued,
to call the attention of the House, and the gentle-
men who oppose the merits of the appropriation, *
to give the legislative history of the measure of a
dry-dock and basin, as it transpired in the last
session of Congress. And in this 1 differ in point
of fact widely from the honorable gentleman from
Georgia, [Mr. Toombs.]
Sir, it will be remembered that the then Secre-
tary of the Navy, alter carefully examining the
proposals of Messrs. Dacon, Moody & Co.,
caused estimates to be made by officers of the
Government, and with full and impartial data,
entered into a contract with said Dacon, Moody
& Co., for the construction of a dry-dock and basin,
for a sum less than the estimates. The contract
was reduced to writing, under the instructions of
the Secretary, and about the time of agreeing
some officious persons from New York and else-
where, who were anxious 10 become contractors
themselves, published a pamphlet in which certain
grate yet undefined charges were made aeainst
somebody not specified; and members of Congress
that were then supposed to have friends interested
in vacating the aforesaid arrangement of the Sec-
retary, made a move in the House of Representa-
tives which for a time suspended the completion
' of the contract made by the Secretary.
A debate sprung up in relation to the charges
made, and the action of the Secretary. It ended,
however, in the conviction that the charges were
slanders, and that a dry-dock was necessary in
California. The Government were then engaged
in the construction of a simitar dock and basin at
Philadelphia and Kittery, under a contract with
the same men. The basin and railway had not
been finished, and it was suggested that the float-
ing-dock would answer a good purpose without
the basin and railway; and inasmuch as the Gov-
ernment were engaged in the construction of a
similar work at Philadelphia, it might be well to
1 suspend the contract for the basin and railway
until an experiment had been made, testing the
utility and necessity; and for that reason alone the
| House modified thearrangement made by the Sec-
retary, as aforesaid, and authorized the construc-
tion of the dock without the necessary basin for
its usefulness and protection.
Subsequently, the basin and railway at Phila-
delphia and Kittery have been completed, and ex-
periments have shown that the dry-docks, basin,
and railways referred to were the most complete
and efficient structures, for the purposes designed,
ever invented or brought into practical use; and
all this accomplished in open "day by the same
men that are denounced upon this floor.
Another point was made by the honorable gen-
tleman, [Mr. Toombs.] He said that this dock
was not wanted by the Government, and, as a
proof of the fact, stated that the Government has
rented thedock to the contractors for three years,
free of charge.
Now, sir, what are the facts? The Govern-
ment having no harbor for the dock, and not
understanding the management of it, rented it to
the contrartors for three years, upon condition
that they shall do all the work needed by the Gov-
ernment free of charge, as a consideration, allow-
ing them, when the dock is not wanted for the
use of the Government, to use it in the repairing
of the mercantile marine at San Francisco.
It will be remembered that this structure is com-
plicated and expensive, and might be ruined by
careless or inexperienced operators. The Gov-
ernment, has acted wisely, and has made an ad-
vantageous arrangement. Sir, will this House
reject this measure because facilities wiU be afford-
