1136
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3.
ed to the commerce of the world by the construc-
tion of this dock, and the contract alluded to for
its operation ? It is an imposition upon the judg-
ment and good sense of this House to attempt to
defeat a measure upon such statements, unsup-
ported as they are. 1 call upon the House to dis-
miss the impressions which have been produced
by the gentleman's denunciations.
Sir, I cannot keep my seat, or preserve my pa-
tience with the outrages that have been committed
in this debate. I voted for the dock in the Thirty-
first Congress. I advocated the measure then. I
shall vote for the basin and railway now, for the
reasons that are most obvious. Will the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] dare charge me
tctth bribery ? Will ihe members of this House be
driven from their propriety, or be alarmed by the
denunciations of the honorable gentlemen from
.Georgia? [Messrs. Toombs and Stephens.] 1
trust they will not.
Sir, the point made that this measure is forced
upon the House at the last hour of the session,
and that an evil spirit hovers over this Hall, comes
with bad grace from those honorable gentlemen.
They will recollect that it was on the last night of
a session of this House, when aGalpliin made his
appearance, and that Georgia has the credit of
having introduced him here. Nay, more: that the
honorable gentlemen themselves were his sponsors,
on that occasion, and have been his excusers—no,
sir, his defenders, in this House since. Sir, I
repeat, that the voice of Georgia, eloquent as it
may be, should be the last to be heard in charging
fraud and corruption in this Hall. I will not listen
in silence. I ask this House to rally from such
animadversions, and do its duty.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. STUART. I do not desire to enter into
the discussion; but for the purpose of ascertaining
the sense of the committee, I move that we do
now rise for the purpose of terminating this de-
bate.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose, and theSpeaker
having resumed the chair, the chairman reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union had had the state of the Union gener-
erally under consideration, and particularly the
amendments of the Senate to the naval appropria- t
tion bill, and had come to no conclusion thereon. ,
Mr. STUART. I move to suspend the rule
authorizing the five-minutes debate.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I move to suspend
the discussion in ten minutes after going into com-
mittee.
The question was taken on Mr. Stuart's mo-
tion, and it was decided in the affirmative.
Mr. STUART. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole.
The question was then taken, and the motion
was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into Com- ;
mittee of the Whole, (Mr. Orr in the chair,) and
resumed the consideration of the naval appropria-
tion bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The proposition pending
is the amendment offered by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens.]
Mr. STEVENS. I withdraw it, if there is no
objection.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I renew the amend-
ment. It is exceedingly disagreeable for me to
say a word to the committee, for I am too hoarse
to speak; and nothing buta sense of duty prompts
me to do it. I know the whole history of the
connection of the Government with these floating
dry-docks, and I undertake to say that when the
matter was thoroughly investigated before this
House, everything was granted towards the Cali-
fornia dock which was thought reasonable; and
what we did appeared to be satisfactory to them.
The objection was made at that time that they
would come back here, as they are coming back,
for an additional appropriation. But it was as
distinctly understood by the House as it was pos-
sible for anything to be understood, that they
were satisfied with what we had done. That is
the history of this case. I should like to go into
an examination of this matter more at length; for,
as I have already said, I know the whole history
of the connection of the Government with those
docks, and the contest between the sectional and !|
the balance dock, but 1 find that I am too hoarse
to permit my doing so; but let me say this most
emphatically, before 1 sit down, that they got
everything which we ever meant to grant.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Illinois. I will only oc-
cupy the attention of the committee for two or
three minutes. I think the gentlemen who oppose
this matter resort to a very unfair course of argu-
ment. Suppose this first appropriation was ob-
tained by fraud, it has been expended for the dock,
which cannot be used unless a further appropria-
tion be made. I submit to this committee whether
the argument which these gentlemen make use of
against the original appropriation, should be per-
mitted to make the very money which was ex-
pended under that appropriation inoperative in
every way. The gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Bayly] over the way, says it was understood that
no more money would be asked for. What does
the Secretary say? He says that the floating dry-
dock in California, contracted for in obedience to
several acts of Congress heretofore passed, has
been completed and delivered in San Francisco.
No appropriation was made for the basin and rail-
way, without which the dock cannot be safely or
usefully employed. I submit it to the decision of
Congress whether this structure should not be
made without delay.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. Will the gen-
tleman allow me to reply just there? It is true that
these contractors have agreed to erect piers, but
they are of a temporary character; for every one
knows that they could not afford to erect every-
thing except it was temporary, for this year.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. How does
every one know it?
Mr. STANTON. They are to occupy the
dock in order to secure it for three years.
Mr. STEPHENS. Does the Secretary say so?
Mr. STANTON. He does. That is the con-
Mr. CAMPBELL. I will lay this down. I
take the report of the Secretary for my authority,
that this dock has been constructed, and that it
cannot be made useful unless there is a further
appropriation for a basin and railway. What is
the argument against it? Will you make that
dock useful or will you not? Will you withhold
the appropriation and leave it thereto float off into
the Pacific, and thus lose the whole sum of money
spent in its construction, or will you appropriate
$150,000 to carry out the purpose for which that
dock was designed.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Upon what
ground does the gentleman base his assertion that
this dock will be useless without a basin and
railway?
Mr. CAMPBELL. Upon the authority of the
Secretary.
Mr. STEPHENS. I ask him what he does
with the same authority, when the Secretary told
us, when we appropriated money to complete the
dock, that it would be ample and sufficient with-
out basin and railway?
Mr. CAMPBELL. Since that, I understand
the commissioner has been sent out there, who
reported to the Secretary of the Navy that it
would be useless without this basin or railway,
or a pier to protect it.
Mr. STEPHENS. The pier has been built.
Mr. BAYLY. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. DEAN. I demand tellers upon the adoption
of the amendment.
Mr. FLORENCE. I desire to say a word in
reference to the Pennsylvania dry-dock.
[Cries of" Order!" " Order!" " Order!"]
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Mann and
Dean were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
that there were—ayes 73, noes 80.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
[Mr. THOMAS Y. HOW, from the Commit-
tee on Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined, and found truly enrolled, bills and
resolutions of the following titles; which received
the signature of the Speaker, viz:
S. R. No. 51. A resolution for the relief of the
heirs of John De Neufville & Son.
S. No. 274. An act for the relief of L. M. Golds-
borough and others.
S. No. 236. An act to incorporate the Sisters of
Visitation of Washington, in the District of Co-
lumbia.
S. No. 512. An act for the relief of Catharine
Proctor Hayden, only child and heir of John
White, deceased, late a lieutenant colonel in the
fourth Georgia battalion of the revolutionary
Army.
S. No. 622. An act authorizing changes in the
location of land offices.
S. R. No. 44. A resolution for the relief of the
Spanish consul and other subjects of Spain, resid-
ing at New Orleans, and of the subjects of Spain
residing at Key West, by indemnity for losses
occasioned in the year 1851.]
Twenty-eighth amendment of the Senate:
" Page 9, line 9, after the word ' for' insert' paving Ship-
pen street, walls on Shippen street, and iron railing."'
Twenty-ninth amendment of the Senate:
"Line 11, after the word ' gutters'strike out ' $5,000,'
and insert in lieu thereof' .$9,600.' "
Mr. PHELPS. Those two amendments are
parts of the same proposition, and one vote should
be taken upon them, although they come from the
Senate as separate amendments. If adopted, they
will make the clause read as follows:
" At Philadelphia Naval Asylum—For paving Shippen
street, walls on Shippen street, and iron railing, tinning
roof of asylum, laying water pipes, furnaces, grates and
ranges, pavements and gutters, $9,600."
Mr. FLORENCE. The House will recollect,
that when the naval bill was under consideration
in Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, this proposition was offered. I then asked
the chairman of the Committee on Ways and
Means whether the street on the north side of the
Naval Asylum had yet been opened. There is a
municipal regulation in the city of Philadelphia,
which requires that when streets are opened, the
owners of the property on those streets shall pay
for the grading and pavement. That constitutes
a fund, out of which watching and all other mu-
nicipal protections are afforded to the property of
the United States and of private individuals. But
the fact that Shippen street will in all probability
not be opened before the next session of Congress,
seemed in my mind to obviate the necessity of this
appropriation at the present time. The Senate
have, however, put in the appropriation asked for
by the governor of the asylum at Philadelphia.
They may have had more information upon the
subject than the chairman of the Committee on
Ways and Means had when he answered my
questions. When the street is opened and paved,
this amount must be appropriated by the Govern-
ment for it, and I submit that it is merely a ques-
tion of time whether we will make the appro-
priation now or at some future period. That it
will have to be made is as certain as that we exist
here at this time.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ments of the Senate were disagreed to.
Thirtieth amendment of the Senate:
" After line24, insert as follows :
" For wall around hospital grounds, $22,500."
Mr. PHELPS. That is for the Naval Asylum
at Norfolk. The Committee of Ways and Means
when considering the estimate of the Secretary of
the Treasury, refused to insert this item in the bill.
Several Members. It ought not to go in.
Mr. PHELPS. No, it ought not.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment of the Senate was rejected.
Thirty-first amendment of the Senate:
" Page U,Iine 7. after the word ' private,' insert' clerks,
messengers, stewards.' "
Thirty-second amendment of the Senate:
"Line 8, after the word ' shore,' insert ' for rations and
elolhing for servants.'"
Thirty-third amendment of the Senate:
" Line 9, after the word 'clothing,' insert 'and rations,
bounties lor reenlistment, and pay for unexpired terms of
previous service.' "
Thirty-fourth amendment of the Senate:
"Strike out ' $221,767,' and insert in lieu thereof,$223,-
530."'
Thirty-fifth amendment of the Senate:
" Page 11, line 11, after the word 'and,' where it occur-
the second time, strike outf eight,' and insert in lieu therea
of* forty-four.' "
Mr. PHELPS. All those amendments consti-
tute one proposition, and may be disposed of by
one vote. If they are agreed to, the paragraph
which provides for the Marine Corps, will read:
" For pay of officers, non commissioned officers, musi-
cians, privates, clerks, messengers, stewards, and servants
serving on sfaora, for rations and clothing for lervaats, sub-
