1140
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
Buenos Airps, Bolivia, Guatemala, Ecuador, Switzerland,
and Nicaragua, $15:i,000."
The House disagreed to said amendment.
The committee recommend that the House re-
cede from such disagreement, and agree thereto
with an amendment, so that the paragraph shall
read:
" Far salaries and outfits of charts des affaires or minis-
ters resident lo Portugal, Austria, Denmark, Sweden, Hol-
land, Belgium, Naples. Sardinia, the Papal States, New
Granada, Venezuela, Buenos Ayres, Bolivia, Guatemala,
Eeu.idnr, Switzerland, and Nicaragua, $153,000: Pro-
vided, That the ministers resident heroin authorized shall
nit receive more compensation than is now allowed to a
charge d'affaires.1'
The sixty-first amendment of the Senate was as
follows:
" After line 15, page 51, insert:
" I'or a bridge across the Potomac at Little Falls, to be
expended under the direction of the President of the United
States, $50,000."
The House disagreed to said amendment.
The committee recommend that the House re-
cede from its disagreement thereto, and agree
thereto with an amendment, as follows:
" Strike out' $50,000,' and insert '$30,000.'"
The sixty-second amendment of the Senate was
as follows:
•* After line 15, page 51, insert the following :
" To he expended under the direction of the President of
the United States, for the purpose of bringing water into
the city of Washington upon such plans and from such
places as he may approve, 3150,000 : Provided, That il the
plan adopted by the President of the United States should
require water to be drawn from any source within the limits
of .Maryland, the assent of the Legislature of that State
should first be obtained."
The House disagreed to said amendment.
The committee recommend that the House re-
cede from its disagreement thereto, and agree
thereto with an amendment as follows:
" Strike out'$150,000' and insert <i$lOO,0OO.">
The seventy-seventh amendment of the Senate,
was as follows:
" Add at the end of the first section :
" Mexican Boundary Commission.—For completing the
survey ot the Rio Grande, and for ottice work for one year,
§83,512; '
"For arrears due Major William H. Emory's party,
$20,000;
"For expenses attending Lieutenant Whipple's party
from the Gila, $-6,000 ;
" For pay of commissioner and secretary, and for personal
and traveling expenses of the commissioner, $9,500; said
sums to be disbursed upon warrants approved by the Secre-
tary of the Interior ; and that the period limited for the ap-
pointment of commissioner, surveyor, and ehiefastronomer,
by the act of May 15, 1850, shall be, and the same is hereby,
extended to the 1st of April, 1854."
The House disagreed to said amendment.
The committee recommend that the House re-
cede from its disagreement thereto, and agree to the
same, with an amendment thereto, as follows:
" Strike out the words, ' said sums to be disbursed upon
warrants approved by the Secretary of the Interior. 
The ninety-ninth amendment of the Senate was
as follows:
" Add the following section:
" Sec. 22. And be it further enacted, That there be placed
at the disposal of the President of the United States the sum
of 8-20,000, to enable him to compensate Clark Mills for the
execution of the equestrian statue of Andrew Jackson, re-
cently placed upon the public square, in the city of Wash-
ington, north of the Executive mansion, and to make the
same the property of the United States; and that said sum
be paid, under the direction of the President, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, when
a clear and satisfactory title to said statue shall be vested in
the United States."
The House disagreed to said amendment.
The committee recommend that the House re-
cede from its disagreement thereto, and agree to
the same with an amendment, adding at the end
of the Senate amendment the following:
" Provided, That the sum of $10,000 thereof be invested
for the benefit of the family of said Mills, and after his death
him "lVe" l° SUCh children of said Ml1'3 a*1 'nay survive
After the report of the Committee of Conference
Was read as above inserted—
Mr. HOUSTON said: I am not able to discuss
the propositions contained in that report, even if I
had time to do it. The committee did the best it
could, and we think we did very well. We sub-
mit it to the House, and I call the previous Ques-
tion upon it. 1
Many Members. "No!" "No!"
Mr. CLEVELAND. I hope the House will
not second the previous question.
[Cries of " Order!" " Order!" 1
Mr. STANLY. I call for tellers.
h Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Johnson, of
|t Arkansas, and White, of Kentucky, appointed,
j The House was divided, and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 96, noes 39.
So the previous question received a second.
The main question was then ordered to be put.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I ask for
the yeas and nays on the adoption of the report
of the committee.
Mr. McMULLlN. Will it be in order to
move to have the amendments of the Senate
, printed ?
i The SPEAKER pro tern. The Chair thinks
not, as the previous question has been ordered,
and the pending question is upon adopting the
j report of the Committee of Conference,
j, Mr. McAlULLIN. Gentlemen in this part of
the House could not hear the character of those
; amendments, and I desire to have them read. We
! are required here to go it blind. I call for the
reading of the report.
The SPEAKER pro tem. It cannot be done if
there be any objection.
Several Members. I object.
The SPEAKER pro tem. Objection is made,
and the report cannot be again read.
Mr. McMULLlN. Mr. Speaker 
The SPEAKER pro tem. The gentleman from
Virginia is not in order.
Mr. McMULLlN. I am in order. I desire
to submit a motion to suspend the rule by which
the House has determined to take a vote upon this
report. [Laughter.]
[Mr. W1LDRICK, from the Committee on
Enrolled bills, reported as correctly enrolled the
following bills:
An act to supply the deficiencies in the appro-
priations for tlie service of the fiscal year ending
30th June, 1853;
An act to establish certain post roads, and for
other purposes; and
An act making appropriations for tbe service of
the Post Office Department during the fiscal year
ending the 30th of June, 1854.
The above bills thereupon received the signature
of the Speaker.
A message was here received from the Senate,
by the hands of Asbpry Dickins, its Secretary,
informing the House that the Senate had passed
the bill of the House making appropriations for
the service of the Indian Department for the fiscal
year ending 30th June, 1854, with certain amend-
I ments thereto.]
| The question was then taken upon the adoption
; of the report of the Committee of Conference upon
j the civil and diplomatic appropriation bill, and
! there were—yeas G8, nays 106; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Ashe, Bowie, Bragg. Breckin-
! ridge, Brenton, Bripgs, George H. Brown, Thompson Camp-
bell, Cnskie, Chandler, (Jolcock, Darby, George T. Davis,
Dawson, Edgerton, Edinundson, Evans, Ewing, Faulkner,
Fay, Florence, Ilenry M. Fuller, Thomas J. D. Fuller,
Gamble, Gilmore, Goodrich, Grey, Hammond, Sampson
W. Harris, Hart, Houston, Howard, Jackson, Robert W.
Johnson, J. Glancy Jones, George G. King, Kuhns, Kurtz,
Landry, Lockliart, Marshall, Mason, McCorkle, McDonald,
Henry D. Moore, Orr, Peaslee, Penn, Polk, Price, Riddle,
Robbins, Robie, Russell, Sabine, David L. Seymour, Stan-
ly, Frederick P. Slanton, St. Martin, Strother, Stuart, Suth-
erland, Taylor, Thurston, Walsh, Ward, and Addison
White—68.
NAYS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Charles Allen, Allison,
Averett, Barrere, Bell, Bennett, Bibigliaus, Bocock,Bowne,
Albert G. Brown, Burrows, Busby, Joseph Cable, Cartter,
Chastain, Churcliwell, Clark, Clemens, Cleveland, Cling-
man, Cobb, Conger, Curtis, Daniel, John G. Davis, Dean,
Dimnuck, Disney, Dockery, Doty, Dunham, Eastman,
Ficklin, Fitch, Freeman, Gaylord, Giddmgs,Gorman,Grow,
lsham G. Harris, Hascall, Haven, Hebard, Hendricks,
Henn, Hibbard, Holladay, Horsford, Thomas Y. How,
Hunter, Ingersoll, Ives, Jenkins, Andrew Johnson, James
Johnson, John Johnson, Daniel T.Jones, George W.Jones,
Preston King, Letcher, Little, Mace, Mann, Martin, Mc-
Lanatian, McMullin, McNair, McQueen, Meade, Millson,
Morehead, Morrison, Murphy, Murray, Nabers, Olds, Out-
law, Andrew Parker, Samuel W. Parker, Pennirnan, Per-
kins, Reed, Robinson, Ross, Sackett, Schoolcraft, Schoon-
maker, Scurry, Origen S. Seymour, Skelton. Smith, Abra-
ham P. Stephens, Alexander II. Stephens, Tliaddeus Ste-
vens, Stratton, Svveetser, Toomhs, Townshend, Venable,
Walbrldge, Washburn, Wells, Wildrick, Woodward, and
Yates—106.
So the House refused to adopt the report.
Pending the call of the yeas and nays—
Mr. CLEMENS said: I rise to a question of
privilege. I desire to know whether, under the
rules of this House, a member can be compelled to
vote upon a proposition which he does not under-
stand ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
from Virginia is not in order in propounding any
question.
Mr. GOODENOW also asked leave to record
his vote, though without the bar when his name
was called.
Objection was made, and permission was re-
fused.
Mr. MEADE. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the report of the Committee of Confer-
| ence was rejected.
I Mr. HIBBARD. Did the gentleman vote with
]: the majority?
Mr. MEADE. I am surprised that the gen-
tleman from New Hampshire wants this bill to
fail.
Mr. HIBBARD. 1 do not want it to fail.
Mr. MEADE. We have no time to pass an-
other bill.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. It will not take the
Senate fifteen minutes to recede from every one of
their amendments.
■ Mr. MEADE. I want to say what I have to
' say without interruption.
Mr. HIBBARD. I will say what the gentle-
man from New Hampshire wishes. I wish that
this bill should not fail. I am very anxious that
it shall pass, but I want it to be passed in a proper
form. I do not expect that it will pass a perfect
bill, nor in all respects as I should like to have it;
1 but I want it to pass as perfect as we can make it.
■! I do not want it to be adopted in its present form.
i I want to strip it of all those abominations which
the Senate have tacked on it in defiance of the
House. It is not too late for the House to insist
, on its disagreement, and have a new Committee of
I Conference appointed.
Mr. JONES. It may be done in five minutes.
Mr. MEADE. By a strict construction of the
Constitution, we have only three hours more of
this session left.
A Member. No; we do not adjourn till to-
( morrow noon at twelve o'clock,
i Mr. MEADE. Let gentlemen reply to me
: when I am done. We have not only this, but
many other appropriation bills yet to pass, and I
, believe that the vote we have just taken was under
misapprehension on the part of a great many mem-
bers, in relation to the question of increasing sala-
ries. As that report was read from the desk, (
determined myself to vote against this bill, believ-
ing that an increase had been made of the salaries
of various high officers of the Government; but I
now understand that the principal increase has re-
lation to the salaries of the Cabinet ministers from
$6,000 to $8,000 per annum; and a few others
which are scarcely worthy of consideration.
Mr. CLINGMAN. W ill the gentleman allow
me?
Mr. MEADE. Not until I am done. I can-
not permit anybody to interrupt me. There ap-
pears, Mr. Speaker, to be a great sensibility on
the part of some of the Democrats of this House
in regard to the increase of the salaries of your
officers; $8,000 to your cabinet ministers now is
less than $6,000 was five years ago.
Mr. McMULLlN. 1 rise to a question of or-
der.
Mr. MEADE. I decline to yield to anybody.
Mr. McMULLlN. But I call my colleague to
order. Is it in order to discuss the original bill
on a motion to reconsider?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. MEADE. Mr. Speaker, I will say again
that the only increase of any consequence is of
the salaries of your Cabinet ministers; and that
increase has been recommended by a Whig Ad-
ministration; sdnhat, if there be any fault or crime
in it, it must be shared by the Whig as well as
the Democratic party. Now, suppose the effect
of this vote should be to lose a few Democrats
who are afraid to trust the good sense of the peo-
ple, we can afford to spare them. Let them go
over to the enemy; it will assist them to reorganize
an opposition. An army is very apt to become
disorderly that did not have an enemy in front.
We have now no enemy before us. Now, I am
willing that those who are disposed to quit the
Democratic party, in consequence of a small and
necessary increase of compensation, should go to
the opposition. It will cause our ranks to be
more closely serried hereafter.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I wish to ask thegentleman
a bona fide question. I understand that there has
been introduced into the bill by the Committee of
