1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1141
Conference an appropriation of $36,000 to pay the
extra allowance to the officers of this House, and
I wish to know of the gentleman whether that is
really so? It will be remembered that the Senate
dul not make any appropriation for that purpose, ■
and also that a motion made here to put it in was
voted down. Of course, then, it was not one of
the disagreeing votes between the two Houses.
This Committee of Conference was only appointed
to consider the disagreeing votes between the two
Houses, and I would like to know on what prin-
ciple they recommend this appropriation. It was
not referred to them at all.
Mr. STANLY. I will answer the gentleman,
if my friend from Virginia will allow me.
Mr. M EADE. 1 have only a few more words
to sav. 1 know nothing about what the gentleman
from North Carolina lias stated.
Mr. HOUSTON. I will only say with regard
to the interrogatory of the gentleman from North
Carolina, that when the amendment was present-
ed in the Committee of Conference, I made a point
of order on it. I suppose that it is not improper
for me to sfate that much of the transactions of the
committee. The committee decided unanimously
against me on the point of order. It was said
there that the continsent fund of the Senate was an
open question; that to it there was an amendment
pending, and the committee agreed to the attach-
ment of this amendment.
[Cries of "That is all right!"]'
Mr. MEADE. The question raised by the ;
gentleman from North Carolina has been fully
answered by the gentleman from Alabama; and if
I were to select the man in this House who was '
the most faithful watch dog over the Treasury of
the United States, I should select the gentleman
from Alabama. [Laughter.]
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi. I rise to a
question of order. The rule of the House requires
that gentlemen should confine themselves to the
question under debate, and to avoid personalities.
The gentleman has called the chairman of the
Committee on Ways and Means a watch-dog.
Mr. EDMUNDSON. I move to strike out
" dog," and insert " gentleman."
Mr. FLORENCE. That would make him a
gentleman watchman. [Laughter.]
Mr. MEADE. There is danger if this bill be
rejected that this Congress will expire without
making the necessary appropriations to carry on
the Government. We will then be forced to have
an extra session, and everybody knows that it
will cost thousands and thousands of dollars more
than the increase of pay proposed. I am not
afraid to go before the intelligent yepmanry of the
country and remind them how extensively their
property has increased within the last few years,
and how much more their receipts are than for-
merly. It requires much more at the present time
than formerly to supply our families with the ne-
cessaries of life-, and they will appreciate the neces-
sity for an increase of the salaries of our officers.
I have no interest in this matter, but I think the
pay of members of the House should be increased
in the same proportion, and that we should re-
quire a more prompt execution of their duties. If
we had adequate pay, there would not be so fre-
quently such thin attendance here. For one I am
willing to take the responsibility. I fear no in-
vestigation of my vote before my people if they
ehoose to investigate it. I do not fear the verdict
they will render. They are as capable of under-
standing this question as 1 am, and when it is
known that we have but a few moments to legis-
late upon the most important bills of the session,
they will see at once the necessity of concessions
by both Houses. We have just ejected the Whigs
from power, and we have brought into the Execu-
tive office one of the most popular Democrats that
we have had since the days of Andrew Jackson.
The Whigs may attribute it to the unpopularity
of their candidate—and I believe that was the cause
in part—but they were doomed to a defeat with
any candidate.
Mr. DUNCAN. What is the question under
consideration ?
Mr. MEADE. The gentleman from North
Carolina requested me to yield the floor for some
personal explanation.
Mr. SWEETSER. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia has no right to yield the floor to the gentle-
man from North Carolina.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would beg leave
to state to thegentleman from Ohio, that the Chair
designated the gentleman from North Carolina
[Mr. Stanly] as entitled to the floor.
Mr. STANLY. Mr. Speaker, my purpose is j
not to make a speech, but to give the House any 1
explanation or information 1 can in discharge of
public duty in the few hours which remain to me
of public life. I desire to perform that duty as
intelligently as I can. If the House will give me
their attention I will make myself understood, and
give such information as I can about the action of
this committee, and I shall be glad, so far as it is
consistent with propriety, order, or decorum, to
have any questions about any particular point
submitted to me, and I will endeavor to give an
intelligible answer, and satisfy every patriot upon
this floor that the report of this committee is the
best that can be made under the circumstances,
and better than we can make if we had five com-
mittees of conference in the short hours of the
session that remain to us. Before 1 proceed to
that point, let me say a word here about some of
the objections made in regard to the report of the
Committee of Conference. The gentleman from
New Hampshire [Mr. Hibbard] spoke of the
" abominations" in this report to which he was
opposed. What does he call an "abomination?"
Let him specify his abomination. You may pick
up Mr. A, or B, or C, D, E, F, who are here,
or twenty other men, and every one of them will
find something in the report abominable to him,
but earnestly advocated by many others. If you
! wait until you reject the abomination which each
one may find in the bill, are you ever to get
through ? One of my colleagues asked a question
—not original with him, but suggested by another
member upon this floor—that we departed from j
the rules of order in voting money to clerks and
officers of the House, when we had nothing to do |
with it according to the rules of order. Sup- |
pose we did: is that a reason for stopping the
wheels of Government, as far as this House
can? Is that such an "abomination" as to jus-
tify us in forcing an extra session ? No, sir; that
is not an abomination to any man that wants to
carry on the Government. What do we do? A
motion was made by the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Brigcs] to suspend the rules and allow
him to introduce a resolution to pay officers of
the House extra compensation. Upon one ques-
tion made in relation to that, according to my
recollection, there were but ten gentlemen who
called for the yeas and nays. When that passed
by such an overwhelming vote as it did, and is
brought before us in the committee, and the point
of order is made and voted down, what is the
Committee of Conference to do ? Stand by the ;
order of the House and teach the Senate that they
were not to intrude upon our rights. j
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Will the j
gentleman allow ibs t  a*k him who introduced j
this new matter into the bill ?
1 Mr. STANLY. It is not a proper question.
' I will not say who did or did not; but whatever
: there is of abomination in this bill, or whatever
there is of wrong about it, if one man can take it,
if one Whig can take it and pass this bill, lay it
upon me and not upon the committee, or upon
the House. I take the full responsibility of all
* the abominations in this bill.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I will ask the
gentleman from North Carolina one question. If
a very large majority of the House did not vote it
by resolution, when they were told that there was
nota dollar appropriated to pay this compensation,
and have since two or three times refused to put
it into an appropriation bill t .
Mr. STANLY. The House voted that this
money should be paid, and public honor and com-
mon honesty requires thatit should be paid. The
1 House of Representatives have said that they
1 should have it. My friend from Tennessee op-
!| posed it, but does he admit that we could not put
!! it into a deficiency bill, or argue that it was wrong
; I to make the appropriation ? ,
I Mr JONES. The gentleman mistakes the ob-
! ject of my inquiry. It is to show the awkward,
j ] not to say ridiculous position in which the House
' have placed themselves in voting the money.
Mr. STANLY. I am very glad to hear the
remark of the gentleman. He says the House
placed itself in an awkward and ridiculous posi-
tion. We have done our duty in trying to get the
House out of it, and that is an abomination, I sup-
pose. How was the report of the Committee of
Conference voted down in the House? I will tell
you. There was not a quorum present—I am
not going to make a party speech, I am above it
in this matter—but some economical gentleman
objected, and demanded the yeas and nays. The
chairman of the Committee on Ways and Means,
worn down with continual exhaustion of body
and mind, in labors such as few men can encoun-
ter, would implore them not to call for a division;
and without examination, under a mistake, mem-
bers worn down, almost incapable of thought,
voted down the report.
Mr. FLORENCE. Let me refresh the gentle-
man 's memory in relation to that vote.
Mr. STANLY. I cannot yield the floor. I
wish to mak* no speech, but to give information,
and to answer the argument of abomination com-
ing from the gentleman from New Hampshire,
[Mr. Hibbard.] Sir, this is the " unkindest cut
of all." Well may I say, " Et lu Brute !" The
gentleman is our colleague on the Committee on
Ways and Means. He comes from the same
State with your Presidentelect—of General Frank-
lin Pierce, whose election I opposed with all my
heart and soul, but being elected President of the
United States, 1 wish to give him fair means of
carrying on this Government. And yet we find
here from the very State of the President elect,
that gentleman can get up and talk of abomina-
tions, and run the risk of calling an extra session
of Congress, because there are two or three items
in the bill with which h.is constituents would find
fault!
I will now proceed, if it be desirable, to call over
one by one the amendments, and give such expla-
nations of them to the House as will satisfy all
that we have done the best we could under the
circumstance* in which we were placed. The
House will see that the Senate committee recede
in some thirty-seven amendments, while we re-
ceded'in only four or five, according to my recol-
lection. They said they had their rights, and that
they were actuated by conscientious motives, and
that their amendments were according to the wishes
of the Senate. We told them that you cannot get
them through the House. The House had virtu-
i ally instructed us in four or five things, and I gave
up my individual wishes in preference to what the
House have demanded. You send back another
■ Committee of Conference and instruct them not to
yield an inch, and you will have an extra session
of Congress, and upon you will be the responsi-
bility. The Senate act in the discharge of their
duties as we do, and they are acting under oath
as we are. They have a right to submit amend-
ments to this bill. They do submit them in good
faith, and they are entitled in courtesy to beheard;
and nobody is fit to be upon a committee of con-
ference, or a member of this House, who proceeds
upon a different principle. When they recede in
thirty different cases, and we in four or five, I ask
if we have not brought back a triumphant report
as far as that goes? But if you wish to send a
committee to dragoon the Senate, do not send me
as one of them.
I will now endeavor briefly to give some expla-
nation of each amendment in the order in which
they come up, so far as I can, and I have no doubt
that if for the time being we will all lay aside party
feeling, we will have no difficulty. The first
amendment of which I will speak is that for in-
creasing the salaries of the heads of Departments.
What is the view presented there? In the Com-
mittee of Conference I will suppose the Senate say
to us, Gentlemen, we think the public interest and
honor require the increase of the salaries of our
foreign ministers abroad. We tell them that the
House cannot agree to it. The Senate say that
the heads of Departments cannot live hereupon
the meager, pitiful sum of $6,000 a year. Every
one knows that no man can afford at present to
come here and occupy a position as the head of one
of the Departments, no matter how great his tal-
ents, unless he is a man of wealth. The Senate
properly argues that it opens the door to talent,
and enables men of moderate estates to come into
the Cabinet, which, with your present salaries, are
confined almost exclusively to the rich. We know
there is much truth in this. We went for compro-
mise. We said to them, Gentlemen, give up this
matter of foreign ministers and we will agree to
the increase of the salaries of the heads of Depart-
ments; and they did it. Do you expect them to
