1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1143
object was certainly needed in California, accord- ! of public life, and 1 do not desire to go out a vin-
ins to my judgment.
Tfie next is u> provide for the expense of carry-
ing on the Mexican Boundary Commission, and
here is another •' abomination " of the same
stamp. The House adopted an amendment moved
bv the gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Toombs]
liiiuseif, to strike out that portion of the Senate
amendment relating to the compensation of the
Commissioner of the Boundary Survey. The
[louse receded and agreed to the Senate amend-
ment. The Senate amendment reduces the ex-
penses. The proposition upon the part of the
Senate costaiiied an economical provision dispens-
ing with the disbursing agent. They told us that
Mr. I'eari e, of Maryland, one of the most intel-
ligent gentlemen in that body, had critically ex-
amined the subject. The original estimates were
$1-0,01 H), and they had cut tliem down to §1(50,000.
'A laugh.] Will the gentleman from Georgia [Mr.
Toumbs] iaugh : 1 cannot argue with a man who
will laugh at an argument presented by James A.
Pkarce, of Maryland. I had rather be wrong
with Mr. Pearce than right with many others
iere.
The Senate put in a provision for an Iowa hos-
pital, and the tjenate receded from that. I hope
there ts something saved there. The House re-
ceded from the amendments in relation to the assay
olfices, and for a most excellent reason which
came from the Committee on Finance in the Sen-
ate, and which was first suggested by the officers
of the Mint at Philadelphia. It is to allow per-
sons everywhere as they please to assay their gold
and bring U to the Mint for coinage. It will save
the expense of employing several officers of the
Mint, and will enable them to coin the money al-
most as soon as it is brought to the Mint. It is a
most economical awl saving process, as we under-
stand it, to dispense whh these officers and to
lenve it to everybody who choose to assay their
own gold. The House receded because it would
cos; the country nothing, and would make the
operations at the Mint more expeditious. This
was retrenchment. The Senate put in an amend-
ment in relation to goods destroyed by fire in San
Francisco and New York, to which the House
disagreed, and the Senate receded from that.
Tnere was an amendmentabout flax machinery
imported into the country to which the House
disagreed, and the Senate receded from that.
There was an amendment about paying Mr.
Ritchie for printing the Taylor pamphlet, brought
up here and objected to in the House, giving him
several thousand dollars—probably four or five
thousand—and the Senate receded from that in
obedience to the wishes of the House.
There was an amendment in regard to a codifi-
cation of the revenue laws, and the Senate receded
from that.
This House adopted an amendment providing |
dictive party man. It is not the object of my am-
bition to think of it during my retirement.
Mr. MARSHALL. There was a proposition
to refund duties on certain goods destroyed by fire
in California. How does that stand now?
Mr. STANLY. The Senate receded from that
amendment, and of course it was stricken out. The
House refused to concur in the amendment, and
we obeyed the will of the House.
Mr. MARSHALL. If the House committee
made many as unreasonable demands aa that, I
think the report of the Committee of Conference
ought to be rejected.
Mr. STANLY. There is a specimen of this
opposition. The gentleman |nm California, anx-
ious to please his constituents, is not satisfied, be-
cause we have stricken this amendment out. Every
gentleman is anxious to have the provisions for
the benefit of his constituents left in the bill, and
how are we to pleise everybody?
Mr. Speaker, if there be no further question to
ask, I will yield the floor, merely remarking that
in the discharge of our duty, 1 have been since
eight o'clock this morning without food, and now
it is near midnight. I have done nothing which
my own conscience does not approve. In what I
have done, I have endeavored to regard the interest
of this great country, irrespective of party feeling
or party bias, and I appeal to every good man, of
whatever party, to remember that we have a com-
mon country to serve, no matter who is the man
at the head of the Government.
Mr. VENABLE. Mr. Speaker, I think it is
right, inasmuch as the report of this Committee of
Conference was rejected by a very large majority
of this House, that the majority should be heard
upon this motion to reconsider the vote by which
that report was rejected. I intend to consume but
little of the time of the House in the remarks
which I shall submit.
Sir, I am not afraid of the responsibility of re-
jecting an appropriation bill, and of going before
my constituents, or the people of any portion of
the country, when I am sustained in the vote I
have given by such reasons as do sustain me
upon this occasion. When I hear gentlemen get
up and talk, as the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Meade] did, about the responsibility of calling an
extra session of Congress, I am reminded of a re-
mark made by the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. ,
Toombs,] that the people of this country are will- ,
ing to pay for legitimate legislation, and they are
willing to sustain men who refuse to vote for the
legislation of conference committees—who refuse j
to vote for legislation which is not understood and ,
which is forced upon them in the last hours of an
expiring session—a session which has been wasted 1
instead of being devoted to the business of the
public. Yes, air, we are compelled to vote under
' the operation of the previou  question, or under a
for purchasing the* equestrian statue of "Jackson, ! suspension of the rules, which only allow five min-
and makin- provision for compensating Clark utesdebate upon questions invo ving thousands and
Mills; and the Senate agreed to what they under- hundreds of thousands of dollars, and invo ving
stood was the wish of the House in an amendment ; the general policy of the Government wuch i
reported by the Committee of Conference. j important subjects connected with i , for fear that
Then we had an amendment about purchasing , the incoming Administration may be placed in a
law-books of Cowperthwaite and others, for distri- position where it will be necessary to call an extra
bution amon- the several States, and the Senate session of Congress Sir, for one, I would be
receded from that. ' : Proud of the honor of doing it, forjhe purpose of
We had an amendment about extra compensa-
tion to the clerks in the post office in this city, and ,
the Senate receded from that.
Now, look at the long list of amendments from
which the Senate has receded. Is there a man, I
ask, in this House, of any intelligence, who will
tell me that any committee of conference this
the expenses of the Grovernment were not so great
correcting an abuse which has grown to be so
monstrous that it cries aloud to Heaven.
The bill which is now before us is an instance
of that abuse. We pass bills and send them to
the Senate, and they send them back loaded with
amendments appropriating millions and millions
of money; and this practice has been carried on
until the history of the country shows that when
had fifty thousand troops in
your amendments," with any hope of success
A Member. Yes, certainly.
Mr. SI'ANLY. The gentleman says "Yes,
certainly." Well, Mr. Speaker, if there are men
here who act upon that principle, let it be pro-
claimed, and let the responsibility of defeating this
bill rest upon them. I envy not such dispositions.
But, sir, 1 intend to make no speech; I have
made these explanations, and if there be any ques-
tions to ask by any gentleman in this House, I
will endeavor to give an answer during the time
allowed to me.
Mr. EVANS here made an inquiry which waa
not heard by the reporter.
. Mr. STANLY. Well, sir, I am just going out
 now, when we are in a state of profound peace
The reason is evident: Bills pass the House, are
sent to the Senate, and come back loaded with
amendments, a great portion of which would have
been ruled out of order in this House.
The gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Meade]
took occasion to lecture this House about dema-
gogism, and about raising the salaries of the Ex-
ecutive officers of this Government. Sir, for one,
I am not willing to herald in a Democratic Ad-
ministration, elected by the Democratic party—
which proclaim themselves economists—by in-
creasing the expenses of every department of the
Government. These expenses may be increased,
but I am not to be intimidated by this talk of go-
ing to the people with the question at issue. The
people of the country understand this thing as well
as we do. But if the gentleman from Virginia
expects to strengthen the Democratic party, and
give it respectability, by driving from its ranks
those who stand up for economy—who strive to
support the Constitution of the United States, and
to give the party to which he belongs tenacity, he
will find a foe before him that he will not be able
to overcome; he will find that the good sense, the
republican instincts of the people of the country,
will repudiate such a principle and those who sup-
port it. And when these gentlemen undertake to
lecture the fathers of the church—to lecture those
who in all circumstances, in times of peril, have
stood by and supported the Democratic faith, their
experience in the future will teach them that they
have an enemy before them which will make them
quail when the hour of conflict comes—an enemy
that will grind them to powder.
Gentlemen talk of conforming to the will of the
people. Sir, the people will know, and in time
will teach them the difference between profession
and practice. I will not believe that giving $8,000
to any Cabinet officer will make him any better off
than by giving him §6,000. You will not get any
better Cabinet officers for $8,000 a year than you
will for $6,000. I have not the first idea of it. I
will remind the gentleman from Virginia that
when, a number of yearssince, the salary of mem-
bers of Congress was raised to §1,500 a year, it
turned almost every member of the Congress that
passed the law out of his seat, except those who
voted against it. I recollect the fact perfectly well,
and every gentleman who is acquainted with the
history of the country will recollect it. Now,
sir, why was this ? It was not because the people
of the country were not liberal and generous to
their public servants; it was not because they do
not understand their rights, for they understand
them a great deal better than we suppose they do.
Would to God the eyes of the people of the Uni-
ted States were upon this Hall to-night! Would
to Heaven they could see the business of the coun-
try for a whole session, with all the appropria-
tions for carrying on the Government centered into
a few short hours! Would to God they could
witness the fact of our being called upon to vote
upon amendment after amendment, without having
them in printed form before us, which we cannot
understand, because we have never read them.
Because we cannot pass such amendments blind-
fold without knowing what they are, we are threat-
ened with the consequences of an extra session of
Congress.
Mr. ALLISON. Will my friend from North
Carolina permit me to ask him a question, which
has been suggested by the course of remark he
has been pursuing iu answer to those of the gen-
tleman from Virginia? [Mr- Mjeadr.]
Mr. VENABLE. Certainly, I will.
Mr. ALLISON. I wish to know—as the gen-
tleman is a member of the Democratic party—
whether the Administration of John Quincy
Adams was not defeated on account of its extrav-
agance? Does the memory of the gentleman go
back to that time?
Mr. VENABLE. It does, and a great deal
further.
Mr. ALLISON. The gentleman from North
Carolina then belonged to the economical party.
Does h« still belong to the same party?
Mr. VENABLE. I do.
Mr. ALLISON. It is not the Democratic party
of the present day.
Mr. VENABLE. Well, sir, I will not under-
take to discuss that matter, nor is it essential that
it should be made before the people of the country.
It is a matter of no consequence; it settles no
principle before the people. It matters nothing
to people whether they are wronged by Whigs
or Democrats. But I take occasion here tosay
that whenever a man who belongs to the whig
party, or what, is called the Whig party, comes
up for the support of economy, and a strict con-
struction of the Constitution,and a republican ad-
ministration of this Government, I will look upon
him as a friend, and will go with him hand-in-
hand for carrying out any measure grounded upon
that principle. I intend to make no party speech
( t0Mi\ALLISON. As the gentleman from North
