1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1149
the purpose of dispensing with the reading of the
amendment.
The question was taken, and the rules were sus-
pended.
Mr. JONES. Can any gentleman be required ,
to vote on a proposition which has never been
res J"
The SPEAKER. By order of the House he
can be required to do anything.
Mr. TOOMBS. 1 should like to seethe House
vote it on me. I will offer myself as a subject.
Mr. JONES. I will not vote on the proposi-
tion unless it be read.
Tiie SPEAKER. The House has by a two-
thmls vote dispensed with the reading of the
amendment.
Mr. STEPHENS. I ask that the question be
taken on the first clause, and on that I demand the
yeas and nays.
Mr. HALL. I raise the point of order that the
amendment is indivisible, and that it is to be voted
upon as a whole.
The SPEAKER. Is this an amendment to an
amendment r
Mr. HALL. It is a Senate amendment to a
House bill.
The SPEAKER. It is amendable by the House.
Mr. HALL. But not divisible. It isan entire
amendment.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that it is
not divisible, and thai it is to be voted on as an
entire proposition. The Chair cannot divide it for
he has not heard it read, and the House has de-
cided that it shall not be read.
Mr. STEPHENS. I take an appeal from the
decision of the Chair.
Mr. DEAN. 1 move to lay that appeal on the
table.
Mr. STEPHENS. And on that question I de-
mand the yeas and nays.
The question was taken, and the yeas and nays
were nr>t ordered, 14 only voting in the affirm-
ative, which was not a sufficient number.
Mr. STEPHENS. I move that the House do
now adjourn. I demand the yeas and nays, and
tellers on the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered; and the yeas and nays
were not ordered.
The question was then taken, and the House re-
fused to adjourn.
The question was then taken on the motion to
lay the appeal on the table, and it was agreed to.
Mr. PHELPS. I demand the yeas and nays
on the amendment of the Senate.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment of the Senate, and it was non-concurred in
yeas 39, nays 106; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. William Appleton, David J. Bailey,
Bennett, Bocock, Bowie, Bowne, Brooks, Burrows, E. (
Carnngton Cabell, Caskie, Chandler, Cottman, T. (i
Davis, Duncan, Edmnndson, Faulkner, Florence,GBrnore,
Goodennw, Haws, llolladay, Jackson, McCorkle, Price,
Ridiile. Sabine, Schermerhnrn, Schoonmaker, Stanly, Fred- ,
erick P. .Stanton, Abraham P. Stephens, St. Martin, Strotn- j
er, .Sutherland, Sweetser, Taylor, Walsh, Ward, anu
Washburn—39. . |
NAYs?—Messrs. Aiken, Allison, Barrere, Btbighaua,
Breckinridge, Busby, Joseph Cable, Lewis D. Canipbell, j
Thompson Campbell, Cartter, Chapman, Churchwell, .
Clemens, Clingman, Cobb, Colcoek, Darby, John G. Da- ;
via, Dawson, Dean, Dimmick, Disney, Dunham, Eastman,
Edierton, Ewing, Ficklin, Filch, Floyd, Henry M. Fuller,
Thomas J. I). "Fuller, Gaylord, Gorman, Green, Grey,
Grow, Hill. I sham G. Harris, Sampson W. Harris, Hart,
Ha-call, Hebard, Hendricks, Hibhard, Horsford, Houston,
Thomas M. Howe, Thomas Y. How, Jngersoll, Andre £
Johnson, John Johnson, Daniel T. Jones, George G. King, .
Kurtz, Letcher, Little, Lock hart, Mace, Mann, Marshall,
Martin, Mason, McDonald,McMullin, Mc%air, McQueen,
Meade, Millson, Henry D. Moore, Morehead, Morrison,
Murrav, .Vevvton, Orr, Outlaw, Andrew Parker, Samuel
\V. Parker, Peaslee, Penn, Penniman, Perkins, Phelps,
Polk, Preston, Richardson, Robbins, Robie, Robinson,
Ru-dl, Savage, Schoolcraft, Scurry, David L. Seymour, ,
Oneeu rf. Seymour, Snow, Alexander H. Stephens, Stone,
Thurston, Toombs, Townshend, Venable, Walbridge,
Wells, Wilcox, Woodward, and Yates—106.
So the amendment was non-concurred in. i
mail-steamer bill.
Mr. PHELPS. I am desired by the gentleman
from Alabama [Mr. Houston] to move that the
amendments of the Senate to tne mail-steamer ap-
propriation bill be taken up for consideration.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to; and the amendments were read.
" 1st. Add at the end of the first section of the bill the
" For carrying out the contract entered into by the Post
Offic# Department under the law pawed at the last session
I' of Congress, establishing a tri-monthly mail by steam-veg-
I sels between New Orleans and Vera Cruz, via Tampico,
\ $70,000. 
The question was taken, and the amendment
was adopted.
"2d. Add as an additional section, the following:
" Sec. 3. -And be it further enacted, That the Postmaster
General shall cause the facts to be investigated in relation
to the contract of A. r*loo, for the transportation of the
mail in ocean steamers from New York to New Orleans,
Charleston, Savannah, Havana, and Chagres, and back,
per act of March third, eighteen hundred and forty-seven,
for the purpose of ascertaining how far the contract corre-
sponds} with the original bids, and shall report to Congress
at the next session the facts and circumstances connected ;
with the said contract; and also for what amount the said .
mail service could be performed if a new contract should be
made, and whether the i-lnps furnished under said contract
are built according to its terms. The Postmaster General
is further directed by this act to ascertain and report to Con-
gress at its next session for what amounts the service now
performed under the several contracts with the Navy and
Po«t Office Departments for carrying the mail in ocean
steamers can be hereafter performed, upon tlie supposition
that the United States shall take the steamers according to
contract, and sell or transfer them."
Mr. HOUSTON. I move the following amend-
ment to the amendment, to come in as an addi-
tional section:
Sec. 4. -$nd be it further enacted, That upon the appli-
cation of either of the companies contracting to carry the
mail in ocean steamers from New York to Havre, or from
New York to Bremen, th« Postmaster General is hereby
authorized to discharge such company troin said contract:
Provided, That no turther compensation shall be paid to
either of said companies after such discharge from its con-
tract.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was agreed to.
The Senate amendment as amended was then
concurred in.
Mr. PHELPS, I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Wholeon the state of the Union.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to. .
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Orr in the chair.)
LIGHT-HOUSE BILL.
Mr. DUNCAN. 1 move that we proceed to
the consideration of the amendments of the Senate
to the light-house bill.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
Mr. DUNCAN. I will state for convenience,
| vide for two on the lakes, and a beacon-light on
I the coast of California.
The question was taken, and the amendments of
the Senate were severally concurred in, and the
bill was ordered to be laid aside to be reported to
the House.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. PHELPS. I move to take up the amend-
ments of the Senate to the Indian appropriation
bill.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
i The first amendment of the Senate:
" Strike out of the following paragraph the words ' 22d,'
and insert in lieu thereof, '27th
" For the pay of interpreters, per acts of tile 30th J line,
1834, and 22d February, 1851, $-38,000."
Mr. PHELPS. That amendment ought to be
concurred in. It merely recites the date of an act
of Congress.
The question was taken, and the amendment of
the Senate was concurred in.
The next amendment of the Senate:
" Insert the following after line 18, page 3, viz :
'' For expenses already incurred, and that may hereafter
be necessary, for vaccination of Indians, $5,000."
Mr. PHELPS. The committee have made no
examination of the matter. It is but an act of
humanity on our part to provide for the vaccina-
tion of the Indians to save them from the ravages
of the small-pox.
' The question was taken, and the amendment
' was concurred in.
; The third amendment of the Senate:
" On page 3, after line 22, insert the following :
j " For deficiencies in the fund for the contingencies of the
[ Indian Department, $15,000."
Mr. HOWARD. That is founded on a rec-
ommendation from the Department.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was concurred in.
The fourth amendment of the Senate:
I "Insert after line 12, on page 22, the following:
" For the removal and subsistence of Seminoles now in
I Florida, $200,000 ; this amount having been heretofore ap-
propriated and carried to the surplus tund under the act
approved the 31st of August, 1852, making appropriations
for the civil and diplomatic expenses of the Government."
Mr. PHELPS. I believe that it was in 1849
the appropriation of §200,000 was made for the
purpose of defraying the expense of the removal
of the Seminoles from Florida to the country as-
that the Committee on Commerce of this House Bjgned them west of Arkansas
have examined the amendments, and agreed in-
formally to recommend a concurrence in them.
The amendments of the Senate were read, as
follows:
First amendment:
" For erecting a beacon light at' Seine Rock,' Newport
barbor, $1,000."
Second amendment:
"After line 21 add the following:
" For the erection of one or more beac«n-lights below
Middletown, on the Connecticut river, and for the erection
of buoys and spindles, #3,000.
u For the erection of a fog bell or whistle, as the Light-
House Board shall determine, on Pine Island in Fisher's
Island Sound, .5'1,1)00."
Third amendment:
" After line lion page 5, insert as follows:
" For erecting a light house at the mouth of Portage nver,
000.
" For the erection of a light-house at Point Iroquois, or
on the island off Point Auxchens, as the Light-House Board
S^«lFor'making'the foundations of two light-houses, one
to be a beacon-light, on the St. Clair flats, #10,000; the
places to be selected and the work executed under the direc-
tion of the Topographical Bureau."
Fourth amendment:
" After line 16 on page 9, insert as follows:
! " For the erection of a light-house in tlie San Pedro bay,
I $io,oou."
Fifth amendment:
" Insert the following as an additional section:
Sec 7. -i nd l>e it further enacted, That the Secretary of
the Treasury be directed, if in his opinion the safety ofcom-
merce demanded a light at Minot's Ledge, at the entrance
of Boston harbor, to replace that which was destroyed, to
exa.nTne into the claims ofR. B. Forbes and others who
keDt a light-boat there at their private expense, and if he is
of opinion that their doings were essential to the salety of
navigation, to allow them such a sum as under the circum-
stances he deems reasonable, and to pay the same out of
iny money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated."
Mr FICKLIN. For how many new light-
i houses do the Senate amendments provide?
I Mr. DUNCAN. They provide for_hve, but
most of them are only beacon lights. They pro-
Mr. CLEMENS. I demand tellers. -
Tellers were not ordered.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was concurred in.
The fifth amendment of the Senate:
"To this clause, viz:
" For payment in full of all claim under that part of the
treaty of 1831 which baa relation to the grant of one hun-
dred thousand acres of land, in fee-simple, to the then Ohio
Shawnees, #66,246 S3: Provided, That toe receipt therefor
(hall specify that it is in fuH satisfaction of such claim:
Provided, That this appropriation shall not be held to affect
the title of the Ohio Shawnees to land under the treaties of
1825 and 1831 within the fifty miles square ceded to the
Shawnees ot Missouri by the treaty of 1825
" Add the following proviso :
« Provided, That the sum aforesaid shall be paid to the
said tribe per capita ; and if any agent or otlier person shall
violate this proviso, he or they shall be guiltyoflelony, and
shall be liable to indictment in the jurisdiction in which the
Indians reside, and punishable by fine and imprisonment;
the fine not to be over $1,000, nor less than *500, arid to be
imprisoned not more than ten years, nor less than five."
Mr. FITCH. I do not see the propriety of that
amendment. We have a general law now, pro-
viding for the paying of annuities and other moneys
to the Indians per capita. It would be no stronger
by reiteration, and the only result of the adoption
of the amendment would be to create dissensions
among the Indians themselves; for they sent a por-
tion of their own tribe here—their chiefs—to attend
to the prosecution of this claim. Those chiefs
expect some compensation for their services, and
they will be, of course, liable to these penalties
even if the Indians voluntarily propose to pay
them. I hope it will not be concurred in.
Mr. MACE. I know something about this In-
dian bill, and I can say that the amendment is per-
fectly useless. The only effect of it will be that
the agents will steal the money before it goes into
j the hands of these Indians, and in most instances,
1 they steal it after it does get there. [Laughter.]
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I wish to state
some facta in regard to the character of this sort
