1152
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3.
willing that New Mexico shall be exempted, and
I will suggest a further amendment, to add after
the word "subsistence," the words "and for
implements of husbandry."
,M r. WEIGHTM AX. I have no objection to
that.
Mr. FICKLIN. I think the suggestion of the
gentleman from Arkansas is a good one. I move
to amend the Senate amendment by inserting after
the word " protection " the following: " and for
purchase of implements of husbandry."
The question was taken, and the amendment of
Mr. Weichtmak to the amendment was adopted.
Mr. HALL. I have no doubt of the benevo-
lent intention of the gentleman from Illinois in
proposing the amendment, but I seriously doubt
whether the amendment ought to be adopted by
this committee. Is ow, I know something of these
Pueblo Indians, as I have been frequently among
them. So far as my experience goes these Indians
will not, and cannot, under any circumstances be
induced to use these farming implements. Some
of the old Californians, when they had these In-
dians in their employment, got American plows,
and employed persons to instruct them how to use
them, and all they could do could not induce those
Indians to use the American plows. They still
would use the stick plow shod with a piece of iron.
Air. HOWARD. I think the gentleman very
much underrates the Pueblo Indians.
Mr. HALL. I am talking of the Pueblo In-
dians in California.
NAVAL BILL.
A message was here received from the Senate,
by the hands of Asbury Dickins, its Secretary,
informing the House that the Senate insist upon
their amendments to the bill of the House making
appropriations for the naval service, and disagree |
to the amendments of the House thereto, and ask
a Committee of Conference.
Mr. PHELPS. I move that the House insist
upon its disagreement to the Senate amendments
to the bill making appropriations for the naval
service, and that a Committee of Conference be
appointed on the part of the House.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
The Speaker thereupon appointed Messrs. !
Stanly, Andrew Johnson, and J. Glancy !
Jones, as such committee upon the part of the
House.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL. I
Mr. HALL, (resuming.) I only wanted very
briefly to call the attention of the House to the
propriety of that amendment. My opinion is, if
you undertake to buy agricultural implements for
the Indians, the money will be thrown away. I !
have p ud much attention to this matter, and have
seen the Indians frequently, and my opinion is
that you cannot induce them to use these agricul-
tural implements. '
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment of Mr. Ficklin, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. SWEETSER. I move to increase the
appropriation $1,000.
I move an amendment for the purpose of adding
my testimony to that of other gentlemen in rela-
tion to a change of policy towards the Indians;
and if I had the power, I should desire to remove
from the minds of gentlemen in this House any
doubts they may entertain as to the propriety of
this change on the part of the Government. I be-
lieve I have taken as much interest in this matter
as others who have spoken upon the subject.
I have been long satisfied that the whole policy
of the Government in regard to the Indians must
be changed; and in the acquisition of this territo-
ry from under the Spanish and Mexican title, we
are relieved from difficulties which attached to the
whole policy of the Government in relation to the
Indians upon the original territory of the United
States. This amendment of the Senate, sir, will
be received by the country as a message of peace
to that people. The time has come when the
representatives of the people consider a change of
policy necessary, and they have proposed to pro-
tect the remnant of these tribes which may be
within our borders. They propose to appropri-
ate money to put into their hands implements of
husbandry; and instead of compelling them to
roam over the plains of the West for subsistence
they propose to put into their hands the instru-
ments by which they can dig from the earth that
which they so much need. Instead of seeing
them roving over the country for robbery and
plunder, you may expect to see them congrega-
ting in happy villages, a happy people. The
policy which has marked this Government to-
wards them I have hitherto denounced as an
outrage upon that people. Do not hesitate to ap-
propriate for their good ยง250,000. Give them all
that may be necessary. As a western man, I am
prepared to vote, I care not what amount, if it can
be favorably employed to the improvement of their
condition. Let us declare to the Indians upon the
Pacific coast, and upon our newly-acquired terri-
tories, that we will give them the means by which
they may acquire a subsistence, and that we will
extend the laws of the country over them.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DEAN. I move that the committee rise,
with a view of submitting a motion to terminate
debate upon this clause of the bill.
Mr. DUNCAN. I understood that the debate
was ordered to be closed some time since.
The CHAIRMAN. The motion to which the
gentleman refers was to close the general debate
upon the bill.
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. Dean, and it was agreed to.
The committeee accordingly rose, and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, the chairman
of the committee (Mr. Orr) reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had, according to order, had the state of the Union
generally under consideration, and particularly the
Senate amendments to the bill of the House ma-
king appropriations for the service of the Indian
Department for the year ending 30th June, 1854,
and had come to no resolution thereon.
Mr. DEAN. I move the usual resolution to
suspend the rule which authorizes five-minutes
debate upon the clause of the bill now under con-
sideration in committee.
The question was put, and the motion was
agreed to.
Mr. DEAN. I move that the rules be sus- I
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the [
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The question was put, and the motion was
agreed to. i
The House accordingly resolved itself into the !
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union, I
(Mr. Orr in the chair,) and resumed the consid-
eration of the Senate amendments to the bill ma-
king appropriations for the Indian service; the
pending amendment being the amendment of Mr.
Sweetser to the Senate amendment.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was not agreed to.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is upon con-
curring in the amendment of the Senate.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I wish to make
a single inquiry.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Debate is out
of order.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I wish to as-
certain, if I can, whether that amendment does
not propose to set apart land for the Indians?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will have the
amendment reported.
The amendment was accordingly again read.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I do not wish
to delay the proceedings of the House, but I de-
sire to make an inquiry before I offer an amend-
ment. Would it be in order?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Debate has
been closed upon this clause. I regret very much
to object, but the House has become impatient,
and 1 do not want the gentleman to go on. I must
object to any debate.
, Air. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I suppose it
is in order to offer an amendment ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. If it is in order
to offer an amendment, it is in order to ascertain
whether the amendment I propose to offer would
be in order or not. That Senate amendment pro-
poses to set apart so much land to be occupied by
the Indians. Would it be in order to offer an
amendment to set apart so much land for free
white citizens ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks it would
not be in order. [Laughter.]
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I wish to
make another inquiry. It seems to be in order to
set apart land for red men, and not for white men
Would it 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. No title to this
land is given to them. It is a military reservation,
and the title is to remain in the United States.
[Cries of " Order !" " Order!"]
Tellers were called for; but they were not or-
dered.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
I ment of the Senate as amended, and it was dis-
agreed to.
The tenth amendment of the Senate:
" Insert as follows:
" Sec. 5. Be it further enacted, That the thirteenth sec-
tion of the act approved March 3, 18oI, entitled ' An act
to ascertain and settle private land claims in the State of
California,'be so modified that claimants to land in said
State shall be allowed until the 1st day of March, !>.')!, to
present and tile their claims before said commissioners."
Mr. DUNHAM. I hope that amendment will
not be concurred in. It is a matter entirely for-
eign to the bill, and has no connection whatever
with it. 1 do think it is a great outrage that 
[Cries of "Order!" "Order!" all over the
Hall.]
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order.
The question was then taken upon agreeing to
the above Senate amendment, and it was decided
in the negative.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. PHELPS. I move that the committee rise
: and report the bills to the House.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose, and the Speaker
I having resumed the chair, the chairman of the
t committee (Mr. Orr) reported that the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union had, ac-
cording to order, had the state of the Union gener-
ally under consideration, and particularly the bill
of the House (No. 333) making appropriations for
light-houses,light-boats, barges, &c., &c.,and pro-
viding for the erection and establishment of the
same, and for other purposes, and had instructed
him to report the same back to the House with
some amendments; and that the committee had also
under consideration Senate amendments to the bill
ofthe House making appropriations for the current
and contingent expenses ofthe Indian Department,
and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with various
Indian tribes for the year ending June 30, 1854,
and had instructed him to report it back with sun-
dry amendments, in some of which Senate amend-
ments the committee concur, and in some they
non-concur.
LIGHT-HOUSE BILL.
Mr. PHELPS. I call for the previous question
upon the light-house bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered to be put.
The SPEAKER. The Committee ofthe Whole
recommend a concurrence in the Senate amend-
ments to the bill. The question will be upon agree-
ing to the action of the committee.
The question was put, and the recommendation
of the committee was concurred in.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. DUNHAM. I move the previous question
upon the Indian appropriation bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered to be put.
Mr. ORR. I would suggest, that by general con-
sent all of the amendments to which no objection
is made be concurred in, without their being again
read.
The SPEAKER. If such be the desire of the
House, that course will be pursued.
Mr. FICKLIN. Let them be read, and mem-
bers can then ask separate votes upon such as they
desire.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
amendments, and a separate vote will be taken
when requested.
The fourth amendment of the Senate was then
read, as follows:
'' For the removal and subsistence of 8eminoles now in
Florida, $400,000, this amount having been heretofore ap-
propriated and carried to the surplus fund under the act
approved the 31st of August, 1852, making appropriations
tor the civil and diplomatic expenses ofthe Government."
Mr. PENNIMAN. I desire a separate vote
upon that amendment. .
The SPEAKER. The Committeeof the Whole
on the state of the Union recommend a concur- ,
