1162
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
Sir, the measure proposed in that amendment
is one by which we undertake to throw the Pueblo
Indians into villages, to collect them together ill
bands, so that they shall work together under the
instruction and direction of some one placed over
them by the Government, and the products of
their own labor will afford the means of feeding
them and carrying them forward to a state of
higher prosperity than they now enjoy. For this
purpose five townships of land are to be reserved
as military reserves. The title is not to be vested
in the Indians, so that if time or circumstance
should render their removal expedient, we shall
not be required to purchase them out, as would
be the case in any other part of the country.
The amendment contains an appropriation of
$250,000 to collect them together. They number
about seventy thousand, and are a peaceful, harm-
less, and defenseless race. I ask the House to
concurin the amendment with thefollowingamend-
ments, which I believe the Senate will adopt if
they are adopted by the House:
Alter the word" "President of the United States," in-
sert : u j r, upon examination, he shall approve of the policy
hereinafter provided tor the protection of the Indians;" and
add at the end of the clause the following:
Provided, That if the foregoing policy shall be adopted
by the President, the three Indian agencies in California
shall be thereupon abolished.
They will be rendered unnecessary by this act.
The question was taken on Mr. Johnson's
amendment to the Senate amendment, and it was
agreed to.
The amendment of the Senate as amended was
then concurred in.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. That finishes
the Indian bill. I move to reconsider the vote by
which the amendment of the Senate was concurred
in, and to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table.
The question was taken on the latter motion,
and it was agreed to.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. STANLY. The Committee of Conference
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses upon
the naval appropriation bill, have instructed me to
make the following report:
The Committee of Conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the bill of (he House (No. 342) ma-
king appropriations for the naval service for the year end
ing the 30th of June, 1854, have m"t. and after full and free
conference have agreed to recommend, ami do recommend,
to the respective Houses, as follows:
That the Senate do recede from its 2d, 22d, 93d, 24th,
25th, 26th, 27th, 36th, 37th, and 4f)th amendments.
That the House recede from its disagreement to the
amendments of the Senate A, B, C, D, and E, and 1,2,3^,
30, 31, 32, 33, 34, 35, 39, and 41.
, The following shows in detail the action of the
conference on the amendments:
The Senate recedes from its amendments, as
follows:
Second amendment:
" Page 5, after line 2, at the end of the clause making
appropriations for the contingent expenses of the Navy De-
partment, insert the following:
" For contingent expenses, not enumerated, $4,000."
The twenty-second, twenty-third, twenty-fou rth,
twenty-fifth, twenty-sixth, and twenty-seventh
amendments are to the following section of the
bill:
" For blacksmith's shop, carpenter's shop, store-house,
and wharf, $lnO,000 : Provided, That before this sum shall
be expended the Attorney General of the United States
shall decide that the United States have good title to the
land upon which the buildings are to be erected
And are as follows:
T wenty-second:
" Line 19, alter the word ' For,' insert' a foundery, ma-
chine-shop.' "
Twenty-third:
" Line 2>, after the word 'store-house,' insert ' boiler
shop, engine-house, and pattern shop.' "
T wenty-fourth:
" In same line, after the word ' wharf,' insert' and for a
steam-engine and machinery, including transportation.' "
Twenty-fifth:
" In same line, strike out the words ' one hundred thou-
sand,' and insert in lieu thereof ' five hundred thousand.' "
Twenty-sixth:
"Line 21, after the word 'sum,' insert 'or any nart
thereof.' 
Twenty-seventh:
" Line 23, after the word ' to,' insert ' and jurisdiction
of.'"
Thirty-sixth amendment was to insert m fol-
lows:
" For the removal of obstructions at Cape Fear entrance,
caused by works placed by the Government for the protec-
tion of the site of Fort Caswell, so as to afford access to the
harbor within the bar, $50,000.''
Thirty-seventh amendment was to insert as fol-
lows:
aTo provide for the removal of obstructions in the Sa-
vannah, in the State of Georgia, and for the improvement
of the same, $5<f,00J."
Fortieth amendment was to add at the end of
the bill as follows:
" Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the Secretary
of the IVavy is authorized to purchase the site and build-
ing* examined and reported on by Captains Tatnall and
Rosseau and Lieutenant Farrand, of the United States
Navy, September 24th, 1852, for the establishment of naval
work-shops and naval deput near the city ofNew Orleans:
Provided, He -hall consider that New Orleans is a proper
point for the establishment of a naval depot and naval
work-shops, and that the cost thereof shall not exceed i
$375,000."
Amendments of the Senate from which the
House receded from its disagreement-
The Committee of Conference recommend that
the House recede from its disagreement to the
amendments of the Senate as follows:
Amendment A:
"Pagel, line 13, after the word i and,' strikeout the
words ' seventy-nine thousand four hundred and forty-eight
dollars,' and insert:
" Eighty thousand one hundred and forty-eight dollars :
Provided, That the salary of the assistant observer or as-
tronomer at the National Observatory shall be .$2,000, and
the salary of the principal clerk at the said Observatory
shall be {$1,200."
So that the whole clause would read:
" For purchase of land, extending walls, making new
roads and wharf, building and furnishiMir hospital, and
changing the fronts of houses at the Naval Academy at An-
napolis, Maryland, $38,000."
Third-and-a-half amendment:
" Page 5, line 9, afier the following clause of the bill, viz :
" For meteorological observations, to be conducted under
the direction of the Secretary of the Navy, #2,000,"
"Insert the following, viz :
u And the Secretary of the Navy is hereby authorized to
settle all existing controversies as to the title to any portion
of Salt marsh, near the lands of the Naval Hospital in
Chelsea, in the county of Suffolk, and Commonwealth of
Massachusetts, and to sell and convey the right, title, and
interest of the United States to so much of said mar^h as
he may deem expedient, upon the terms and conditions rec-
ommended m a report from the Bureau of Navy-Yards and
Docks upon the subject, dated January 17, 1853."
Thirtieth amendment:
" Under the head of Pensacola, insert—
" For wall around hospital grounds, $22,500."
The thirty-first, thirty-second, thirty-third,
thirty-fourth, and thirty-fifth amendments, are to
the following section of the bill.
" Marine Corps.—Forpay of officers, non commissioned
officers, musicians, privates, serving on shore, subsistence
for officers, and pay for undrawn clothing, $221,767 Ofi."
Thirty-first amendment:
"After the word 4 privates,'insert4 clerks, messengers,
stewards.'99
I Thirty-second amendment:
"For pay of commission, warrant, and petty officers
and seamen, including the Engineer Corps of the Navy,
■$2,880,148: Provided, That the salary of the assistant ob-
server or astronomer at the National Observatory shall be
$2,000, and the salary of the principal clerk at said Observa-
tory shall be $1,200."
Amendment B:
"Add, at the end of the same clause, in continuation,
the following:
" And the pay of a purser when attached to and doing
duty at the naval station of California shall be $4,000 per
annum, and he shall be allowed a clerk at a compensation
not exceeding $2,000 per annum."
Amendment C:
" Add, at the end of the same clause, in continuation,
the following:
" And the proper accounting officers of the Treasury be,
and they are hereby, authorized and directed to allow and
pay, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise ap-
propriated, to the officers, petty officers, and seamen of the
United Slates Navy, to the officers, non-commissioned offi-
cers, musicians and privates of the Marine Corps, and to
the officers and men of the revenue service who served in
the Pacific ocean, on the coast of California and Mexico,
during the late war with Mexico, and since the conclusion
of the war up to the 28th of September, 1850, the same ad-
ditional compensation as has been by law directed to be
paid to the officers and soldiers of the Army who served in
California ; and that thi> provision, allowing extra pay, as
well as that contained in the Navy appropriation act of
August 31, 1852. shall extend to and include all naval
storekeepers who were stationed on the Pacific coast; and
the additional compensation authorized by the foregoing
provision, and by the Navy appropriation act of 1852, shall
be paid to the legal representatives of all deceased per-
sons who would have been entitled to receive the same if
Jiving."
Amendment D:
" Add, at the end of the same clause, in continuation,
the following:
"And there shall be allowed to Lieutenants William
Lewis Herndon and Lardner Gibbon, officers of the United
State- Navy, who were engaged upon the exploration of
the Amazon, the same pay as has been allowed to the su-
perintendent of the naval astronomical expedition in Chili,
by the act making appropriations for the naval service, ap
proved March 3, 1851, during the period of their service
as aforesaid, which period shall be reckoned from the date
on which each officer left the United States until the final
return of the exploring party."
Amendment £:
" Page l,line 19, at the end of the following clause of the
bill, viz:
" For pay of superintendents, naval constructors, and all
the civil establishments at the several navy-yards and sta-
tions, $108,650,"
" Add as follows, viz :
" And the first and second.clerks to the commandants of
the principal navy yards, viz: Boston, New York, Wash-
ington, Norfolk, and Pensacola, shall receive the same pay
that the two lowest classes of clerks in the bureaus of the
Navy Departmentnow receive, respectively ; and each clerk
of the yard in said navy-yards shall receive the same com-
pensation a3 is herein provided for the first clerks to com-
mandants."
First amendment:
" Page 3, after line 16, insert as follows, viz:
"For pipes for carrying g.is to and fixtures for lighting
with it the National Observatory, $2,500."
Third amendment:
" Page 4, after line 8,'insert as follows, via:
"After the word ' shore,' insert{ for rations and clothing
for stewards.'"
Thirty-third amendment:
"After the word ' clothing,' insert' and rations, bounties
for reenlistment, and pay for unexpired terms of previous
service."
Thirty-fourth amendment:
"Strike out '$221,767,' and insert in lieu thereof,< $223,-
530."'
Thirty-fifth amendment:
" After the word ' and,' where it occurs the second time
in line 11, strike out ' eight,' and insert in Jieu thereof
'forty four.' "
The whole clause as amended reads as follows:
" Marine Corps.—For pay of officers, non-commissioned
officers, privates, musicians, clerks, messengers, stewards,
and servants serving on shore, for rations and clothing for
servants subsistence for officers, and pay for undrawn
clothing and rations, bounties for reenlistment and pay for
unexpired terms of previous seivice, $223,530 44."
Thirty-ninth amendment:
"Add at the end of the bill the following:
" That the sum of $1,164 10, being part of the appropria-
tion made for the service of continuing the survey of the
coast of the Gulf of Mexico, from Appalachicola bay to the
Mississippi river, by the act of March 3, 1841, and which
has been carried to the credit of the surplus fund, be, and is
hereby, reappropnated to pay for the services of the officer
or officers employed in that survey."
Forty-first amendment:
"Add as an additional section to the bill, the following :
" Sec. 2. -1 nd be it further enacted, That the proper ac-
counting officers of the Treasury be, and they are hereby,
directed to credit the medical officers of the Navy, who, by
order of the Department, served Willi a detachment of ma-
rines in Mexico during the late war with that Republic,
in addition to the pay to which they are entitled as medi-
cal officers of the Navy, respectively, the same allowance
for ra.ions and forage, in proportion to the time they so
served, as are allowed to officers of the Army of similar
standing." ,
. Mr. STANLY. Mr. Speaker, in this report
we have taken the report of the first Committee of
Conference so far as they agreed. Upon the amend-
ments on which they could not agree, the House
insist upon rejecting the appropriations forthe Cape
Pear and Savannah rivers, and the appropriation
for California of several hundred thousand dollars,
and the amendments of the Senate to which they
have agreed are small and comparatively trifling.
I move that the report of the Committee of Con-
ference be concurred in; and upon that I demand
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The question was then taken, and the report of
the Committee of Conference was concurred in by
the House.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from theSenate was received, by Mr.
Dickins, its Secretary, informing the House that
they had passed, withoutamendment, the bill (No.
170) for the relief of Jacob R. Shade, jr.
Also, that the Senate had agreed to the amend-
ments of the House to the sixth and ninth amend-
ments to the bill of the House (No. 333) making
appropriations for the Indian Department, and for
fulfilling treaty stipulations with various Indian
tribes for the year ending June 30th, 1854.
