1166
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
An act for (he relief of Maria Taylor;
An act for the relief of Lewis H. Bates and
Willi.ini Lacon;
A joint resolution for the relief of David Cor- j
derey; and
A joint resolution for the relief of the heir of
John DeNeufville & Son.
WILLIAM A. CHRISTIAN.
Mr. DANIEL. I hope the House will indulge
me in a few remarks explanatory of the nature of
the Christian claim, which was presented to the
House a short time ago by the gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. Caskie.] It is a very hard case.
A widow and children 
[Loud cries of "Order!" and great confusion.] |
The SPEAKER. Discussion is not in order, j
Mr. DANIEL. I will simply state that the
bill is for the relief of the widow and children 
Mr. MOLONY. I object to it. \
Mr. DANIEL. I move to suspend the rules to
enable me to take up the bill of the Senate No.
162, which is for the relief of certain widows and
orphans.
The Clerk read the title of the bill as follows:
tl An act for the relief of William A. Christian."
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. What sort of a
widow is tnat? [A laugh.] There are a good
many persons in the galleries, I suppose from dif-
ferent parts of the country, and I have no doubt
that a call of the roll of the House on the yeas and
nays would be much more interesting to them than
the scene they are now witnessing. I ask for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. GORMAN. I want the attention of the
House for a few moments. I have a report here
from the Committee on Printing that will finish up
the printing.
The SPEAKER. It is not now in order. There
is a motion pending to suspend the rules.
The question was then taken on Mr. Daniel's
motion, and there were yeas 77, nays 73; as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Beale, Bennett, Bibiirhaus, Bocoek,
Brass, Breckinridge, A. G. Brown, G. H. Brown, Busby,
Thompson Campbell, Cartter, Caskie. Chastain, Clark,
Clemens, Clingman, Cobb, Curtis, Daniel, Darby, Dawson, I
Dimmick, Doty, Edinundsun, Evans, Florence, Henry M. t
Fuller, Gamble.Gaylord,Gorman. Grey,Grow, Hammond,
Sampson W. Harris, Hart, Hendricks. Holladay, Ingersoll, ;
Ives. Jackson, Robert VV. Johnson, J. Glanoy Jones, Knhn-, j
Landry, Lefher, Loekhart, McCorkle, McMullin, MeNair, |
McQueen, Meade, Millson, John Moore, Morehead, Mor- I
nson, Olds, Outlaw, Andrew Parker, Penn, Polk, Powell, I
Preston, Riddle, Robbitis, Ross, Schermerhorn, Origen >. j
Sej rnour, Smith, Snow, Frederick P. Stanton, Abraham P. I
Stephens, St Martin, Stratton, Strother, Walsh, Wilcox, j
and Woodward—77.
NAYS—Messrs. Charles Allen, Willis Allen, Barrere, I
Bell, Bowie, Brenton, Burrows, Joseph Cable, Lewis D. |
Campbell, Chandler. Chapman, George T. Davis, John G.
Davis, Dean, Duncan, Dunham, Durkee, Ea«tman.Faulk-
ner, Fay, Fickliu,Fitch, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Gilniore,
Goodenow, Ishain G. Harris, Haws, Haven, Hehard, Hib-
bard, Horsiord, Houston, Thomas M. Howe, Thomas Y.
How, Hunter, Andrew Johnson, John Johnson, Daniel T.
Jones, George W. Jones, George G. King, Preston King, I
Kurtz, Little, Mason, McDonald, Molony, Henry D Moore, j
Murray, \abers, Orr, Samuel W. Parker, Peaslee, Penni- |
man, Perkins, Reed, Robie, Robinson, Russell, Saekett,
Savage, Schoolcraft. Schoonmaker, Skelton, Stanly. Alex-
ander H. Stephens, Thaddeus Stevens, Taylor, Toombs,
Townshend, Walbndge, Ward, Washburn, and Wells—
73.
So (two-thirds not voting in favor thereof) the
rules were not suspended.
ENROLLED BILLS. j
Pending" the call of the roll on the above vote— i
Mr, ROBIE, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported back as correctly enrolled the fol- [
lowing bills; which thereupon severally received
the signature of the Speaker:
An act making appropriations for the naval ser-
vice for the year ending 30th June, 1854; j
An act for the relief of Jacob Shade, jr.; and J
An act authorizing the issuing of a register to
the brig Boundary, and to change the name of the
steamers Roger Williams and propeller Ontario, j
CLERK OF THE WAYS AND MEANS. I
Mr. STANLY. I know that it is too late to .
offer anything that would have to be enrolled; but
I have a resolution for the benefit of the clerk of
the Committee on Ways and Means—a gentle-
man who has worked hard 
Mr. EDGERTON. I would like to ask the
gentleman from North Carolina if this clerk of the
Committee on Ways and Means is not also a j
clerk in the Treasury Department.' I
\!r. STANLY He is; and he has performed j
all the duties of his clerkship there, besides work- :
ing harder for the Committee on Ways and Means •
than any two men. He is the hardest working j
man—though a Democrat—I ever saw.
Several Members. He is nota Democrat.
Mr. STANLY. My resolution is in these
words:
Resolved, That there be paid out of the contingent fund
of th" House to the acting clerk of the Committee on Ways
and Means the usual compensation allowed at the close of
the first session of the Thirty second Congress, by resolu-
tion of said House of August 30, 1852.
The SPEAKER. The resolution is before the
House.
Mr. STANLY. I demand the previous ques-
tion on the resolution.
Mr. WALSH. I ask the gentleman to with-
draw it for one moment
Mr. STANLY. I cannot do it.
The previous question received a second, and
the main question was ordered to be now put.
Mr. WALSH. Is an amendment in order?
The SPEAKER. It is not, the main question
having been ordered.
Mr. WALSH. I have an amendment to pro-
vide for the payment of a messenger.
Mr. EVANS. I am sure every gentleman will
agree to it, if it can only be read.
Mr. DUNHAM. I object.
The SPEA KER. The amendment is objected
to, and is therefore not in order.
Mr. EVANS. I move to suspend the rules to
enable the amendment to be offered. ,
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is aware '
that while the previous question is in operation,
the amendment cannot be offered even under a
suspension of the rules.
Mr. CABLE. I demand the yeas and nays
on the resolution of the gentleman from North j
Carolina. It is all wrong. j
j The yeas and nays were not ordered. i
[A message was received from the President of
the United States, by the hands of Millard P. Fill- i
more, Esq., his Private Secretary, informing the
House that he had approved and[ signed bills of
the following titles, viz:
An act making appropriations for the naval
service for the year ending June 30, 1854; and an
act making appropriations for the current and
contingent expenses of the Indian Department,
and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with the vari-
ous Indian tribes for the year ending 30th June, |
1854.]
The question was then taken on Mr. Stanlt's
resolution, and it was agreed to.
Mr. STANLY. 1 move to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted, and I al-
most wish the gentleman from Ohio had got the
yeas and nays, for if there ever was a good claim
this is one. But I will not trouble the House. I j
move to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Illinois. Upon that I
demand the yeas and nays.
[Loud cries of " O, no!" and " Withdraw the
call!"]
Mr. CAMPBELL. Well, sir, I withdraw it.
The question was then taken on Mr. Stanly's [
motion, and it was agreed to.
So the motion to reconsider was laid upon the j
table.
BOUNTY LANDS. j
Mr. BELL. I ask leave to introduce " A bill
making further provisions for and granting bounty
lands to those who have been engaged in the wars ;
and service of the United States."
Mr Speaker, I do not design detaining the ,
House with a speech, but only to make some re- i
marks explanatory of the provisions of the bill.
The class of persons embraced in this bill, sir, j
have a right to a hearing by the Representatives i
of the people. While you have appropriated from |
the Treasury of the people with a lavish hand to
ornament, adorn, and beautify the house for the
President, he public grounds, and other works
about our National Capitol, you seem unmindful ;
of a numerous class of our own citizens. !
Yes, sir, this Congress has appropriated its
millions of our public domain to railroad and
other incorporations, and some of which measures,
that I thought were calculated to improve the !
country, have received my cordial support. This |
House has passed a bill which, by some of its pro- I
visions, in effect would invite all the world to come
and take possession of our public lands and own
and occupy them free of cost.
For the brave officers and soldiers in our late
war with Mexico, liberal provisions have been
made by pensions and bounties in lands, and in
case of death of officer or soldier, the widow, or
children, or representatives, are entitled bylaw to
what was due or coming to the deceased soldier.
We have, with the best feelings and intentions,
passed private acts for relief of suffering widows
and representatives of many who have defended
our country and our rights upon the bloody battle
field, and thus many hearts have been cheered in
the hour of despair or decline of life.
But these are only special instances of national
justice and gratitude. From their nature they can
apply to but few, and often the most deserving
are left out of the munificence of Government by
special legislation.
The bill which I have offered is general in its
nature, and embraces a very large class of our
people who have been heretofore either entirely or
nearly excluded from the benefits of former legis-
lation for those who served in our wars—the men
who fought for our independence as a nation, the
pioneers of our country on our border settlements,
from the organization of the Government up to
the present time, who have been engaged in repel-
ling Indian hostilities and protecting our people;
the men who volunteered or enlisted at their
country's call and the claims of humanity, under
Hamar, St. Clair, and Wayne, to repel the in-
cursions of the merciless savage foe, whose depre-
dations were marked with burning, pillage, and
murder of our defenseless and unprotected people
upon the frontier—in a word, sir, the men by
whose volor and sacrifices we have acquired and
maintained our possessory title to all our public
domain.
The men who in the war of 1812 with Great
Britain marched to the battle-field at the first tap
of the drum that saluted their ears, and many who
were engaged in the thickest of the fight, pressing
where danger appeared greatest, and in many in-
stances by their valor and skill performing such
important services as to merit and receive the pub-
lic thanks of their superior officers and of Con-
gress, yet being enrolled a day or two less than
thirty days in such service, are excluded by your
present bounty land laws from any relief or benefit
thereby.
All who were engaged in the marine, gun-boat,
or flotilla service, or in defense of the coast, who
are not the present recipients of your bounty land
laws.
Our citizens who were captured and confined by
the enemy in the Dartmore prison in the war of
1812, or taken and held prisoners at Tripoli; and
all others of our people, who in consequence of
said wars were taken and held in captivity by the
enemy. These, sir, are persons that Congress
has failed to legislate or provide for in what it
chooses to call its bounties, but what appropri-
ately is paying for services. It may be said, and
is true, sir, that by the law of Congress of 1850,
provision is made for those who served in the old
Indian wars referred to. But, sir, it is confined
to the living soldier, his widow, or minor child
or children. The latter part, sir, is nothing but
mockery in legislation, although not so intended.
The clause confining it to the living soldier, or his
widow, or minor child might be right durins war,
or immediately after it; but after a lapse1 of fifty
or sixty years to make its application dependent
upon the existence of widow or minor child, I
repeat again, sir, is a burlesque upon legislation.
Few widows,and less minor children will befound
of those who served in the compaigns of Hamar,
St. Clair, and Wayne.
The object of this bill is to equalize these boun-
ties as far as practicable, and give to all a quarter
section of land who served in our wars, deducting
for such as have before received whatever they
have got.
And now, sir, let me inquire if this is not right?
These are the men who have acquired our lands
by their perils and privations. Shall we now re-
fuse them the small pittance in land for a home,
or at least to make them equal to their fellow sol-
diers? 1 hope not. Justice to this meritorious class
of our people has been too long delayed.
Mr. Speaker, this bill does not only propose to
equalize the benefits in quantity of land to be
