1168
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Davis of
Indiana, and Robbins appointed.
The question was taken, and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 23, noes not counted.
So the rules were not suspended.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Illinois. I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House to offer the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the Hon. Howell Cobb, of Georgia, the
Hon. >ainuel F. Vinton, of Ohio, and the Hon. John W.
Davis, of Indiana, are hereby appointed commissioners to
prepare a code of rules for the government of this House,
with a view to obviate the numerous and complicated diffi-
culties that so often occur under the existing code, and to
lacilitate existing legislation; that they be requested to
make their report to the Clerk of the House; who, on re-
ceipt thereof, shall cause it to be printed, and a copy for-
warded to each member of the Thirty-third Congress.
Many Members. I object.
Mr. CAMPBELL. 1 move to suspend the
rules to enable me to offer it, and upon that I aak
for tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, the
joint committee of the two Houses to wait upon
the President of the United States, and inform him
that they had dispatched their business, and were
now ready to adjourn, have discharged that duty,
and report that the President tendered his thanks
to Congress, and stated that he had no further
communication to make, and expressed a hope
that the two Houses might adjourn in peace and
quietness, and return safely to the bosom of their
friends and constituents.
I move you sir, that this House do now ad-
journ.
The question was put, and the motion was
agreed to.
[Cries of "Order!" "Order!" "Sit down!"
" Let us hear the Speaker!"]
The SPEAKER then rose and said:
Gentlemen of the Hodse op Representa-
tives: I may be allowed this occasion to say that,
in undertaking to discharge the duties of the Chair,
I relied for success rather upon your forbearance
I and kindly aid than upon any poor abilities of my
! own. That reliance, I am happy say, has not
failed me. On the contrary, the untiring efforts I
feel I have made to perform the task in a becoming
manner, have been met and sustained with a de-
gree of liberality seldom equaled in any deliber-
ative body. A striking illustration of this is seen
in the fact, that notwithstanding the multiplied
questions of parliamentary law and usage which
have arisen, and in despite of errors into which I
may have fallen, each and all the decisions of the
Chair have been generously sustained by this body.
And as a further mark of respect and kindness,
you have been pleased to adopt a resolution ap-
proving of my general conduct as the Presiding
Officer of this body. In all this, I feel that I have
been peculiarly fortunate; and for it all I beg you
will accept my most sincere thanks.
Allow me to congratulate you, gentlemen, upon
the harmony and personal kindness which have so
generally prevailed thoughout this Hall. It must
remain a source of unmixed pleasure to us all
that our conflicts of opinion here, however fierce
they may occasionally have been, were not allowed
materially to disturb our social relations; and that
now, having finished our work, we part in peace.
This House stands adjourned sine die.
The members having taken leave of the Speaker,
bid each other a friendly farewell, and left the
i Hall.   
ERRATUM.
In the proceedings in the House of Representatives,
March 1,1853, the House being in the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union on the Army appropriation
bill, as reported in the 986th page, third column, Congres-
sional Globe, Mr. Bowne is reported as having said, in reply
to Mr. Polk's personal explanation, that—
" It will be seen by the explanation just made that he
stated that $100,000 would be necessary for the purpose in-
dicated, but that he intended to increase the appropriation
instead of lessening it. I stated the facts just as he stated
them; but he understood them to mean one thing, and X
another. This is all the statement I desire to make."
The above is incorrect. It should read as follows :
" It will be seen by this explanation that Commodore
Sloat stated that $100,000 would be sufficient for the pur-
pose indicated, but that in making such statement lie was
under the impression that $100,000, so far from being a dim-
inution, was an increase of the appropriation asked by
the Navy Department; he (Commodore Sloat) having been
informed that 850,000 only were asked tor this service in
the report of the chief of Bureau of Yards and Docks.
The facts are thus shown to be precisely as I stated them,
while Commodore Sloat is fully exonerated from any charge
at an attempt at interference in the business of this House
• to the prejudice of any section of the country. I repeat,
! that with this explanauon I ain satisfied."
