754
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25,
been guilty of official misconduct or malfeas-
ance, let us impeach him; but if he is inno-
cent, let us brand these liars with the infamy
they $gs6rv6.
ikr. J. L. THOMAS. I wish to ask whether
the attachment ordered by the House yester-
day has not already been issued ; and if so,
whether it is not too late for the House to
reconsider the matter.
The SPEAKER. The Chair signed the
attachment yesterday during the session of
the House.
, Mr. J. L. THOMAS. I make the point of
order, whether it is not too late for the House
to reconsider?
Mr. COOK. I will answer the question. I
asked the Sergeant-at-Arms at what time the
attachment left, and he said it left last night;
and Mr. Tracy will be brought before the House
to-morrow unless this vote is reconsidered. It
seems to me from the evidence, Mr. Tracy is
detained by the board of directors of the Pa-
cific railroad on a matter of importance to the
Government. He telegraphed to me and asked
me to request the committee to excuse him
until after that thing was over. That tele-
graphic dispatch T received too late, and there-
fore I had no opportunity to present it. That
he will be here on Monday morning next is
perfectly certain. I think there is no doubt
about it.
Mr. JOHNSON. How long has he been a
delinquent.?
Mr. COOK. I understand he was subpoenaed
day before yesterday, and was expected yester-
day morning.
Mr. JENCKES. I trust this resolution will
not be reconsidered in the present state of this
business. This gentleman, whatever his char-
acter may be, has neither obeyed the summons
nor sent to the committee any excuse.
Mr. COOK. He telegraphed to me to lay
the matter before the committee, and I did
not get the telegram in time.
Mr. JENCKES. I submit that is not a
proper mode of responding to a summons of
this House. It was the duty of the commit-
tee to report his delinqueney and to move his
attachment. It has been done, and I trust we
will see that gentleman here to-morrow to give
his excuse at the bar of the House.
Mr. SCHENCK. I hope, Mr. Speaker,
there will be no reconsideration of this vote.
The Committee on Retrenchment, of which I
also am a member, considered well what they
were presenting to the House when they asked
an attachment against Mr. Tracy.
What are the facts? Mr. Tracy is at New
Yoik, and is duly summoned as a witness. He
has full twenty-four hours' not'ice, and he does
not pretend not to have that notice, but makes
his excuse, now when the matter comes to be
inquired into, it was not convenient for him
te> come. Why not, sir? Because Mr. Tracy
is president of a railroad company, and Mr.
Tracy is perhaps, like other gentlemen, specu-
lating at all times in stocks in Wall street.
No matter what his engagements may be 
Mr. COOK. Mr. Brooks states Mr. Tracy
was detained at the request of the board of
directors of the Union Pacific Railroad Com-
pany.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Tracy, because he is
servingwith theboard of directors of the Pacific
Railroad Company, ought to keep this Con-
gress waiting; is that it? Is Congress to wait
upon this board of directors instead of the
board of directors waiting upon Congress ?
Mr. Tracy gives no excuse, makes no explana-
tion, does not attend to the notice of subpoena
regularly served upon him. He does not attend
here as he might have done at the time indi-
cated. Now, what does it amount to ? What
does it mean ? Would it be establishing a safe
precedent that a president of a railroad com-
pany, at the request of a board of directors,
shall come when summoned only at his conven-
ience. Vv'hen you summon a carpentertir shoe-
maker, who if he leaves his bench or plane,
leaves his children to suffer during his absence,
there is no sympathy for him. I do not pre-
sent this for the purpose of drawing any dis-
tinction which may be demagogical, but I do
it for the purpose of considering this case fairly.
If anybody should attend it is this man, who
should set an example, according to his intelli-
gence and high position, of obedience to the
laws of the land.
We do not take into consideration that it is
inconvenient for Mr. Tracy to come here. But
he did not let the committee know it was incon-
venient ; he did not ask to be excused ; he
did nothing, but refused and neglected, as the
resolution which has been passed recites, to
obey or give any regard to the subpoena served
upon him.
• Mr. JENCKES. I ask whether Mr. Tracy
did not reply to the officer who served the
summons that he would come that night.
Mr. SCHENCK. Yes, sir; he promised
he would come, and the committee met for no
oilier purpose whatever on the morning indi-
cated except to hear Mr. Tracy's testimony.
They waited for two hours, and no witness
appearing the committee adjourned.
Now, sir, I think it time, when we take into
consideration, particularly along with these
facts, the fact that Mr. Tracy is himself the
one important witness, the prosecuting witness,
the witness who makes these grave charges,
and he has declined or failed to appear as he
was bound to do, that he should be made to
understand that the processes of this body are
to be regarded quite as much as the conven-
ience or wishes of his fellow-members of the
board of directors of a railroad. That is really
the whole case, I think.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, having had
some little experience on investigating com-
mittees, it seems to me that if the House is
desirous of rendering the work of its commit-
tees at all efficient, and making them anything
more than a farce, it should be reluctant to
excuse this witness at the present time, in
limine, before he comes before the House. It
is important very often for investigating com-
mittees that a witness should appear when sum-
moned, and that we should have no reason to
suppose that any convenience of his own or
any indulgence of ours will permit him to fix
his own time to appear before a committee. I
do not mean to say that that is the case with this
man; but I mean simply to speak of the gen-
eral rule. Often the witness may have a day
or two to consult his own interest or the pur-
pose which he, may think the committee may
have in view; and 
Mr. COOK. Mr. Speaker, I withdraw the
motion to reconsider.
Mr. DAWES. Not while I am on the floor.
The SPEAKER. The mover has an abso-
lute right to withdraw the motion at any time ;
the rule makes no limitation.
Mr. DAWES. For the purpose, then, of
stating just what I wanted to say I renew the
motion to reconsider. I wish to say that there
never can Joe any hardship in undertaking to
enforce this proposition," for the reason that
the witness, when he is brought up, the first
thing, before any action of the House, is called
upon to show cause. He can come in and
make a statement himself on paper explaining
the reason, and if the House sees there is no
intent to treat its precept with contempt it will
let him off. Now, it seems to me that this wit-
ness of all others is in a position where he
should at least come before this body and ex-
plain why he did not even so much as notice
the precept of the House. Therefore, in order
that he may come and make his statement to
the House and the House pass upon it, I move
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The motion to lay on the table was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed without, amendment House bill No. 765,
amendatory of an act to amend an act entitled
"An act relating to habeas corpus, and regu-
lating judicial proceedings in certain eases."
Also, that the Senate had passed a bill (S.
No. 347) entitled "An act to change certain col-
lection districts in Maryland and Virginia."
Also, a bill (S. No. 460) in relation to per-
sons imprisoned under sentence for offenses
against the laws of the United States; in which
the concurrence of the House was requested.
LOYAL CLAIMANTS IN BAST TENNESSEE.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Tennessee. I ask unan-
imous consent to submit the following reso-
lution :
Resolved, That the Committee of Claims be in-
structed to report to this House the bill introduced
by Hon. Mr. Trowbridge at the last session of Con-
gross, and referred to said committee, establishing a
commission for the investigation and adjustment of
elairas of loyal persons of Bast Tennessee against the
Government of the United States.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
object.
TAX ON ALCOHOL AND BURNING FLUID.
Mr. HOGAN. I ask unanimous consent to
report from the Committee of Ways and Means
a joint resolution to amend existing laws re-
lating to the internal revenue. The Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue desires action upon
it at once, and it is very important that it
should pass immediately.
The joint resolution, which was read in full,
provides that alcohol made or manufactured
of distilled spirits upon which the tax imposed
by law shall have been paid, and burning fluid
made or manufactured of alcohol, or spirits of
turpentine, or camphene, upon which the taxes
imposed by law shall have been paid, shall be
exempt from tax, and that so much of the act
of June 30, 1864, as relates to alcohol and
burning fluid is hereby repealed ; and all prod-
ucts of distillation by whatever name known,
which contain distilled spirits or alcohol on
which the tax imposed by law has not been
paid shall be considered and taxed as distilled
spirits. The second section amendstheinternal
revenue law by striking out the words " dis-
tillers of burning fluid and camphene."
No objection was made ; and the .joint reso-
lution was "read a first and second time, ordered
to be engrossed and read a third time ; and
being engrossed, it was accordingly read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. HOGAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
IIEIII OF JAMES BELL.
On motion of Mr. PRICE, the Committee
on Revolutionary Pensions was discharged
from the consideration of the papers in the
case of the application of Rose A. Cameron,
heir-at-law of James Bell, and the same were
laid upon the table.
JOHN GRAY.
Mr. PRICE also, from the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions, reported a bill for the
relief of John Gray ; which was read a first and
second time.
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary
of the Interior to place the name of John Gray
on the pension-roll at the rate of S200 per
annum during his natural life, payable semi-
annually.
Mr. DELANO. Has this bill the approba-
tion of any committee?
Mr. PRICE. It has the approbation of the
Committee on Revolutionary Pensions. I will
state that this applicant is one hundred and
three years old, and I have another similar
case to report in which the applicant is one
hundred and seven years old, and both of
these men are now supported by public charity.
Mr. SPALDING. 1 move to amend the bill
by striking out "two hundred dollars" and
inserting in lieu thereof "five hundred dol-
lars."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly rpad the third time, and
passed.
