756
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25,
accounts, a credit of $4,419 90, the amount
of public money which was stolen from the'
mint without fault or neglect ori his part and
which has not been recovered.
The joint resolution was laid aside to be
.reported to the House.
goldsmith brothers.
An act (S. No. 192) for the relief of Gold-
smith Brothers, of the city of San Francisco,
California, and Portland, Oregon, brokers.
[Objected to.]
mrs. abby green.
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 112) forthe relief
of Mrs. Abby Green.
The joint resolution was read. The pream-
ble recites that from the evidence of General
H. C. Hobert, Colonel A. D. Streight, and
Captain John F. Porter, jr., late of the United
States Army, it appears that Mrs. Abby Greeu,
then of Richmond, Virginia, by her courage,
patriotic devotion, and assistance, from May,
1863, to February, 1864, enabling one hundred
and nine officers and soldiers of the United
States to make their escape from Libby prison,
in Richmond, Virginia, and from the hands of
the nation's enemies, has deserved well of the
country.
The resolution appropriates $1,500 to Mrs.
Green, her heirs or administrator, in compen-
sation for her services.
The joint resolution was laid aside to be
reported to the House.
ambrose morrison.
An act (H. R. No. 666) authorizing the Sec-
retary of War to purchase certain property for
military purposes.
The bill was read. The preamble recites
that the Government of the United States, on
the 4th day of May, 1863, took possession of
the dwelling-house and lot of Ambrose Mor-
rison, of Nashville, Tennessee, and entirely
demolished it and constructed a fort upon the
lot, which has been occupied by the military
forces of the United States up to the present
time, the materials of which the dwelling-house
was constructed being used partly in construct-
ing the fort, partly in other public works, and
a portion sold for the benefit of the Govern-
ment; that Morrison is and always has been
a loyal citizen of the United States, and a mil-
itary commission, appointed by Special Order
No. 103, of General J. D. Morgan, dated May
4, 1863, inquired as to and reported the value
of the property at the sum of $16,384 90.
The bill authorizes the Secretary of War to
purchase the above-mentioned property of Mor-
rison, if in his opinion it shall be proper so to
do, at a price not exceeding $15,000. Before
the money is paid Morrison is to convey the
property to the United States, by a good and
indefeasible title, in fee simple, free and clear
of incumbrance.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House.
e. j. curley.
An act (S. No. 443) for the relief of E. J.
Curley. [Objected to.]
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
disagreed to the amendment of the House to
the bill (S. No. 253) to incorporate the First
Congregational Society of Washington.
The message^ further announced that the
Senate had insisted on its amendment, dis-
agreed to by the House, to the bill (S. No. 69)
to provide for the payment of pensions ; had
agreed to the conference asked by the House,
and had appointed Messrs. Lake, Trumbull,
and Buckalew as conferees on the part of the
Senate.
Mr. DELANO moved that the committee
rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Farns-
worth reported that the Committee of the
Whole House, according to order, had the
Private Calendar generally under considera-
tion, and had directed him to repprt the fol-
lowing bills'and joint resolutions to the House,
with the recommendation'that they do pass:
A bill (H. R. No. 267) for the relief of
James Hooper, of Baltimore, Maryland;
An act (S. No. 435) for the relief of Alex-
ander F. Pratt;
A bill (H. R. No. 820) for the relief of
Henry S. Davis;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 211) for the re-
lief of George W. Lane, superintendent of the
branch mint at Denver, Colorado, and Assist-
ant Treasurer of the United States;
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 112) for the re-
lief of Mrs. Abby Green; and
A bill (H. R. No. 666) authorizing the Sec-
retary of War to purchase certain property for
military purposes.
james hooper.
The first bill reported from the Committee
of the Whole was House bill No. 267, for the
relief of James Hooper, of Baltimore, Mary-
land.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was ac-
cordingly read the third time.
Mr. DELANO demanded the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and
the main ""question ordered; ajid under the
operation thereof the bill was passed.
Mr. DELANO moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
alexander p. pratt.
The next bill reported from the Committee
of the Whole was Senate bill No. 435, for the
relief of Alexander F. Pratt.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and
it was accordingly read the third time,
Mr. COBB. 1 should like, before this bill
is passed, to have some explanation of it. It
is a Wisconsin claim, I know, but I do not
think it should pass.
Mr. DELANO. This bill has never been
before the Committee of Claims, and I have
no knowledge in regard to it.
Mr. PAINE. With the permission of the
gentleman from Ohio, I will undertake to give
my colleague some information on the subject.
I am acquainted with the claimant in this case,
and I have no higher opinion of his political
character than my colleague, but nevertheless,
having looked into the claim, I am satisfied it
is a just one and ought to be paid.
At the time it accrued Mr. Pratt was sheriff
of Waubeshaw county, in the State of Wiscon-
sin. A prisoner was sent to the jail of that
county by order of the district court judge,
but he subsequently succeeded in making his
escape from th$ jail. His escape arose from
no fault on the part of the sheriff, because the
jail was an insecure one. The expenses neces-
sarily incurred in the capture of the prisoner
were not allowed by the judge of the district
court, because, he said, it was the duty of the
State of Wisconsin to furnish him with a secure
jail. The State of Wisconsin, on the other
hand, said itwas a jail good enough for the
State of Wisconsin, and as he had selected it
as the jail to which this prisoner should be
sent he had no reason to complain. It was
optional for the judge to send his prisoners to
that jail or to some other jail, and if he
selected that jail he ought to lie satisfied with
it. The State, therefore, refused to pay this
demand, not because it was not a just demand
so far as this claimant was concerned, but be-
cause the State thought the United States should
pay the expenses of recapturing the prisoner.
Hence it was that Mr. Pratt was compelled to
come here with his claim. I think it a just
demand against the Federal Government, and
think the bill ought to pass.
Mr. COBB. I desire to say in reply to my
colleague I urged no objection to this claim on
account of the politics of the claimant. My
request merely was that some information be
furnished to the House to show why the claim
should ,be paid. I did not object on the ground
of politics, although I knew Mr. Pratt's polities
were of the worst kind. While I differ with
him politically, yet my personal relations are
such that I would not object to any just claim
he might bring before Congress.
I --do not say anything, therefore, about hia
politics, but I by no means regard this as a
just claim against the Government. I do not
know of any reason why I should support an
unjust claim from my own State any more than
from any other State. I am not one of those
who believe that every claim which comes from
niy own State is thereby necessarily just. I do
not desire, and I am sure I will not follow the
example set here by many gentlemen of object-
ing to claims coming from another State and
voting uniformly for every one that is presented
by citizens of one's own State. Nevertheless
I am very loth to oppose a just claim coming
either from another part of the country or from
the State of Wisconsin.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Will the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Delano] yield to me ?
Mr. DELANO. Certainly.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. COBB. I am not through. I know I
am somewhat slow, but it is because half a
dozen gentlemen around me are telling me
what to say, and I happen to differ with them
as to the propriety of what is to be said.
[Laughter.] I hope my friends will not take
offense.
Now, I undertaketo saythat the facts statedby
my colleague, good lawyer as he is and able as
he is, establish no claim whatever against this
Government. He says* that the district court
of the United States, sitting in Milwaukee, com-
mitted a man to jail in Waubeshaw county, and
that the prisoner broke jail, wherefore the
sheriff took it for granted that that gave him a
roving commission over that State, and perhaps
over other portions of the country, to recap-
ture the man at any expense. Now, I think
it should be considered that the simple fact of
his being the sheriff of that county imposed no
such duty upon him, and that the Government
has the right to adopt its own means and its
own way for the recapture of prisoners. That
the fact of his having broken jail gives the
sheriff any jurisdiction in the matter I deny.
At the suggestion of several gentlemen I wdl
move, if it is in order, to refer this bill to the
Committee of Claims. •
Mr. DELANO. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. COBB. I make that motion.
_Mr. PAINE. If the gentleman from Ohio
will allow me, I wish to state that until this
bdl came from the Senate I had no knowledge
that such a claim was before Congress. I have
examined it only since it came to this House
from the Senate.
Mr. ELD RIDGE. Will the gentleman from
Ohio yield.
Mr. DELANO. Yes, sir.
Mr._ ELDRIDGE. The facts in regard to
this bill I have no doubt are precisely as stated
by my colleague, [Mr. Paine.] I have some
knowledge of this claim, which I obtained from
the gentleman who preceded my colleague as
the Representative from that district, and I
have no doubt of the entire justice of the claim.
I should be very sorry that any gentlemen
should base their action in this' case upon the
political character of the party or the fact that
he might differ from them in politics. This
claim, if I am not very much mistaken, has
passed this House at least twice before and
failed for want of time to act upon it in the
Senate during the last Congress. It has now
passed the Senate and comes to the House. I
have no special desire to advocate a claim I have
nqjbeen called upon to advocate, but it seems to
me it is entirely just that we should act upon it
favorably and without regard to the fact that
the gentleman may differ or agree with us in
politics.
_ Mr. SCOFIELD. I wish to inquire if this
bill has been before any committee of this
House?
