760
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25,
ate, and, as I have been informed, it passed the
Senate.
"What are the facts in this case? The Gov-
ernment found this man on the other side of
the Potomac and "burned do^n his house. He
has lost all his property, and the services that
his wife rendered to this Government brought
her life to a termination. He gave his only
son to the Union Army, and has furnished us
a reeord of his loyalty that cannot be disputed.
He has not only been reduced to poverty, but
physically he has become a mere wreck, and
is now to-day but a scanty offering to the King
of Terrors. By a strict construction of our res-
olution this claimant comes within our grasp ;
and we are told that if the American Congress
shall do him the small measure of justice pro-
posed in this bill the stability of the Govern-
ment will be endangered. In other words, the
implication is that unless we reject this meri-
torious application Congress will not have vir-
tue enough to withstand the flood of claims
that will rush in upon us. If we are justilied
in entertaining so little confidence in ourselves,
then let this old man, or what little there is
left of him, be sacrificed. I do not formypart
believe that in order to perpetuate our Gov-
ernment it is necessary for us to immolate this
worthy, loyal-hearted old man. By an appro-
priation of a few thousand dollars we can
save him from spending the remainder of his
days in wretchedness and misery ; we can save
him from becoming an object of public char-
ity; we can keep him out of the asylum for
paupers.
This bill does not propose to reimburse to
this man a tithe of what he has lost. lie has
suffered loss, not only in property, but in the
lives of members of his family. Why, Mr.
Speaker, we ought not to hesitate a moment
in voting this money. If we do not feel dis-
posed to pay him for the destruction of his
house, let us grant him something in consider-
ation of the loss of his poor old wife. In such
a case as this it is almost idle to plead with
the House. If members do not recognize at
once the justice of the claim it is useless for
me to appeal to them. For myself I should feel
a consciousness of guilt during the remainder
of my life if I did not speak and vote in behalf
of this worthy claimant. He is a patriot who
has been injured by the aetof the Government.
That there was a necessity for the injuries
inflicted upon him and his property I admit;
but that necessity arose, not from any fault
of his, but from the fault of Congress. The
necessity would not have existed had Con-
gress heretofore legislated wisely. If we legis-
late wisely now we shall prevent this appre-
hended flood of claims upon us by taking actual
possession of these territories.improperly called
'' States," and making the property of theguilty
indemnify the losses of the innocent. That is
what we ought to do.
In my opinion members ought to be ashamed
to be whining here over the expenditure of a
few dollars for the payment of a just claim like
this. This claim has really more merit than
hundreds of the claims that we pass here every
day. The objection made to this claim is that
there is an element of charity in it. Why, sir,
if we can do a little charity now and then, we
should remember that " charity covers a mul-
titude of sins;" and no member, I imagine,
will assert that we have not our full share of
errors and sins that need atonement.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut. I desire
to inquire of the gentleman whether it is not a
universally acknowledged principle of the com-
mon law, and the common law is nothing but
a mantle of charity, that property destroyed by
an army in the-work of putting down a rebel-
lion stands on the ground of inevitable acci-
dent, and the owner has no claim upon the
Government, either in law or in equity, for
remuneration.
Several Members. Oh, no.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. I never heard of any
such principle of law. I deny the existence of
any such principle.
Mr. STEVENS. Will the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Delano] yield to me for a mo-
ment ?
Mr. DELANO. Yes, sir.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Speaker, I am aston-
ished at the question just asked by the learned
gentleman from Connecticut. I had supposed
there was nothing better understood than that
when the army of a country, by reason of mil-
itary necessity, destroys the property of a loyal
citizen of the country, the Government always
pays for it among the very first claims that are
paid. The Goverment in such a case is liable
under the law of nations; and it ought to be
ashamed if under any pretext it refuses remu-
neration. Here was a house owned by a loyal
man—-a building used as an academy or liter-
ary institution ; the rebels took shelter behind
it, and in order to get at them it was neces-
sary to batter it down. This was done as a
military necessity by the order of one of our
commanders. Will any man who has ever read
Montesquieu or Vattcl tell me that our Gov-
ernment is not liable for every dollar's worth
of property destroyed under such circum-
stancgs?
Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut. If the
gentleman will permit me I want to make a
single suggestion. Suppose that while the
Union forces were before the city of Charleston,
throwing shells into that city, the house of a
Union man was set on fire and destroyed, will
the gentleman say that by the law of nations
or the law of equity the Government is bound
to indemnify that loyal citizen for the destruc-
tion of his property under those circum-
stances ?
I place such cases upon the ground of inevi-
table accident; and I am sustained by the law
as reported in every book. I am sure I will
be justified by every gentleman who has read
the common law or the law of nations. I
know I am right on this subject. Let the
gentleman from Pennsylvania cite his case so
we may know what it is.
Mr. STEVENS. There is no inevitable ac-
cident about it. This was a deliberate order
to destroy the property of Mr. Armes, growing
out of military necessity. I am quite sure no
one learned in the law will for a moment deny
our Government is liable for the property.
For instance, the Government burned a bridge
across the Susquehanna river in order to pre-
vent the rebel army from crossing ; will any
man tell me this Government is not liable for
it ? It has once already been reported here.
To be sure the gentleman from Ohio has not
reported it.
Let me say another thing. The resolution
introduced here and adopted the gentleman, I
think, called a law. I do not call that a law—
a resolution of this House reported by that
committee. Why, sir, it is no more binding
than any other resolution. It was got tip after
this bill was once reported and passed upon
favorably. It is a resolution, in my judgment,
the most iniquitous that ever an honest Govern-
ment adopted to say we shall not pay for prop-
erty belonging to onr own people destroyed
for the use of the Government by its own offi-
cers.
Mr. DELANO. Let me ask the gentleman
a question.
Mr. STEVENS. Certainly.
Mr. DELANO. Do I understand the gen-
tleman to say these inhabitants of the rebel
States are in that category ? I thought he re-
garded that country as conquered territory and
the inhabitants of it as aliens. '
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Speaker, if the gen-
tleman had listened to about one twentieth
part of what I have said in the world he would
have learned  
Mr. DELANO. That would have been a
good deal.
Mr. STEVENS. He would have learned
that long ago, while I considered and do con-
sider, as I think every lawyer does, that the
territory belonging to the rebel States is con-
quered territory, as territory conquered by us,
still that the loyal men in those States stand
upon an entirely different footing in a civil war
from the inhabitants of a foreign nation which
has been conquered, as I can show in many
instances.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut. Let me
say a word.
Mr. STEVENS. Oh, no; the gentleman
has talked more now than I have. [Laughter.]
I have only to say, Mr. Speaker, we are not
passing upon an original question. I say that
Mr. Armes is entitled under the law to this
money. Both branches of the Government
passed it and ordered it to be sent to the Pres-
ident for his signature ; but one of our agents
took another bill and it was returned signed
when no one wanted it done. If we were pri-
vate individuals Mr. Armes could sue that
agent and recover every dollar.
I put it upon the ground we are perfecting
what we did before, declaring by joint resolu-
tion what both branches of the Government
gave him before, and what ought to have been
law, and would have been but for our own negli-
gence. There is no law and certainly no equity
in our depriving Mr. Armes of his property.
Mr. KASSON. I ask the gentleman from
Ohio to yield to me for a few moments.
Mr. DELANO. I yield first to the gentle-
man from West Virginia.
Mr. WHALEY. For how long ?
Mr. DELANO. Ten minutes.
Mr. WHALEY. Mr. Speaker, it cannot be
expected that in ten minutes I shall be able
fully to discuss this most important question,
and one in which of course my constituents
feel a profound interest. 1 indorse to the
fullest extent the able and eloquent arguments
made by the gentleman from Minnesota, [Mr.
Wisdom,] and by the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Stevens.] They have spoken
with authority as to the law and the obliga-
tions of the Government under the common
law and the law of nations, and I do not think
wliat they have said can be successfully con-
troverted.
But we have the resolution of the Committee
of Claims constantly thrust forward as an im-
passable barrier to the just claims of loyal citi-
zens for their property taken by the United
States. The House cannot forget how that re-
solution was brought forward and passed. The
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Delano] reported
it and then forced it through under the gag of
the previous question. It was never debated,
never considered, and cannot fairly be taken as
the judgment of this House. It has been well
designated by the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia as an iniquitous measure. For why, sir,
should all manner of claims growing out of the
war be taken up and acted upon arising in the
northern States, while consideration of any sort
is absolutely denied to the just demands of the
loyal people of my own section, who have so
generally and severely suffered from disasters
during the late war? Can this great Govern-
ment sustain itself before the world in refusing
to pay for property taken or destroyed by it
from its loyal citizens who were at the time
periling their lives in its defense ? Give us a
fair hearing; that is all we ask, and do not
reject all claims because of some resolution
heretofore passed on the' spur of the moment.
The claim of this poor old man, Armes, has
been twice passed upon favorably by Congress,
and now the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. De-
laxo] opposes it, though it is supported by
some of the best talent on this floor. Let me
say to the gentleman, who will leave this Hall
with me in about thirty-five days, [laughter,]
that I do not think he has been altogether
kind. I have not the slightest reason per-
sonally or politically to disagree with him ; but
he has cut off all these cases since he has been
made chairman of the committee. He has
talked about law, but the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Stevens] has met him ably on
that. It is nothing but a resolution ; it is not
law. Let a claim come from Tennessee or
anywhere south of Mason and Dixon's line,
and it has no show here. I know what it costs
those people to be loyal. When their claims
are sent here they are reported against, and
