762
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26,
IN SENATE.
Saturday, January 26, 1867.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. E. H. Gray.
On motion of Mr. LANE, the reading of the
Journal of yesterday was dispensed with.
executive communication.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate, a letter of the Second Auditor of
the Treasury, communicating, in obedience to
law, copies of all accounts which have been,
received at that office from persons charged or
biteusted with the disbursement of money,
goods, or effects for the benefit of the Indians
from July 1, 186-5, to June 30, 1866, with a list
of the names of all persons to whom such dis-
bursements have been committed^ the amount
accounted for, and the balance of appropriation
under each specific head remaining in their
hands 5 which was referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. MORGAN presented a memorial of
importers and dealers in China merchandise,
remonstrating against the proposed prohibition
of the importation of fire-crackers in the tariff
bill now pending in the Senate; which was
ordered to lie upon the table.
He also presented a memorial of merchants
and citizens of N e w York, remonstrating against
the passage of the provision in the House tariff
bill imposing a duty of $1 50 per ton on coal-
mined in the British Provinces ; which was
ordered to lie upon the table.
Mr. SHERMAN presented a petition of citi-
zens of Ohio, praying for the passage of House
bill No. 718, to provide increased revenue from
imports, and for other purposes, now pending
in the Senate; which was ordered to lie upon
the table.
Mr. HENDERSON presented a petition of
the North Missouri Railroad Company of Mis-
souri, asking for a credit on the duties to be
paid on the importation of certain iron rails to
be used upon that road; which was referred to
the Committee on Finance.
condition of tiie indian tribes.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The special select com-
mittee of the two Houses of Congress, appointed
under the joint resolution of March 3, 18G5, di-
recting an inquiry into the condition of the
Indian tribes and their treatment by the civil
and military authorities of the United States,
have instructed me to submit the following
report, with an appendix accompanying the
same:
At its meeting: on the 9th of March the following
subdivision of labor was made: to Messrs. Doolittle,
Foster, and Kos.s was aligned the duty ot inquiring
into Indian aftairs in the Stato of Kansas, the Indian
Territory. Colorado, New Mexico, and Utah.
To Messrs. Nesmith and Higby the same duty was
assigned in the States of California, Oregon, and
Nevada, and in the Territories ot Washington, Idaho,
and Montana.
To 'Messrs. Windom and Hubbard the same duty
wa3 assigned in the State of Minnesota and in the
Territories of Nebraska, Dakota, and Upper Mon-
tana. The result of their inquiries is to be found in
the appendix accompanying this report.
The work was immense, covering a continent.
While they have gathered a vast amount of testi-
mony and important information bearing upon our
Indian affairs they are still conscious that their ex-
plorations have been imperfect.
As it was found impossible for the members of the
committee in person to take the testimony or from
personal observations to learn all that they deemed
necessary to form a correct judgment of the true con-
dition of the Indian tribes, they doomed it wise, by a
circular letter addressed to officers of the regular
Army, experienced Indian agents and superintend-
ents. and to other persons of great knowledge in In-
dian affairs, to obtain trom them a statement of the
result of their experience and information.
The committee have arrived at the following con-
clusions:
First. The Indians everj^here, with the excep-
tion of the tribes within the Indian Territory, are
rapidly decreasing in numbers from various causes:
by disease, by intemperance, by wars among them-
selves and with the whites, by the steady and resist-
less immigration of white men into the Territories of
the West, which, confining the Indians to still nar-
rower limits, destroys that game which in their nor-
mal state constitutes^ their principal means of sub-
sistence, and by the irrepressible conflict between a
superior rind an inferior race when brought in pres-
ence of each other. Upon this subject all the testi-
mony agrees.
In answer to the question, whether the Indians
" are increasing or decreasing in numbers, and from
what causes," Major General Pope says: *
"They are rapidly decreasing in numbers from
various causes: by disease, by wars, by cruel treat-
ment on the part of the whites, both by irresponsible
persons and by Government officials; by unwise policy
of the Government, or by inhuman anddishonest ad-
ministration of that policy; and by steady and resist-
less encroachments of the white immigration toward
the West, which is every day confining the Indians
to narrower limits, and driving off" or killing tho
game, their only moans of subsistence."
To the same question General John T. Sprague
gives the following answer:
44 The Indians are decreasing in numbers, caused
by their proximity to the white man. So soon as
Indians adopt the habits of white men they begin to
decrease, aggravated by imbibing all their vices and
none of their virtues. 0 the? causes exist, too numer-
ous to be detailed in this paper."
The following is the answer of General Carleton to
the same question:
44 As a general rule, the Indians alluded to are de-
creasing very rapidly in numbers in my opinion.
The causes for this have been many, and may be
summed up as follows:
"1. Wars with our pioneers and our armed forces;
change of climate ancfcountry among thosewho have
been moved from east of the Mississippi to the far
West,
"2. Intemperanco and the exposure consequent
thereon.
"3. Venereal diseases, which they are unable, from
lack of medicines and skill, to eradicate from their
systems, and which, among Indians who live nearest
the whites, is generally diffused by either scrofula or
some other form of its taint.
"4. Smallpox, measles, and cholera—diseases un-
known to them in the early days of the country.
"5. The causes which the Almighty originates, when
in their appointed time He wills that one race of
men—as in races of lower animals—shall disappear
off the face of the earth and give place to another
race, and so on, in thegreat cycletraced outby Him-
self, which may be seen but has reasons too deep to
be fathomed by us. The races of the mammoths and
mastodons, and the great sloths, came and passed
away: the red man of America is passing away 1"
General Wright gives his testimony to the same
point, as follows:
"The Indian tribes are rapidly decreasing in num-
bers, especially west of the Ilocky mountains, caused
in some measure by the wars waged against them,
and more particularly by the encroachments of the
whites upon their hunting grounds and fisheries and
other means of subsistence, and by the readiness
with which they adopt the vices of the whites rather
thau their virtues; hence their numbers are rapidly
diminished by disease and death."
These officers have had large experience in Indian
affairs, and they are supported by the concurrent
testimony of many other of the most experienced
officers and civilians.
The tribes in the Indian Territory were most hap-
pily exempted from this constant tendency to decay-
up to the commencement of tho late civil war. Until
they became involved in that they were actually
advancing in population, education, civilization, and
agricultural wealth.
Their exceptional condition may be attributed to
tho fact that from their earliest history these tribes
had to a considerable extent cultivated the soil
and kept herds of cattle and horses; that they were
located in a most fertile territory and withdrawn from
the neighborhood and influence of white settlements,
and to the legitimate influence of education and
Christianity among them.
The war has made a terrible diminution of their
number, and brought disease and demoralization in
its train. A full account of the condition of the Cher-
okeos will be found in the reply of Hon. J. Harlan,
agent of tho Cherokees. The recent treaties with
the tribes in the Indian Territory, and the reports of
their improved condition since the pacification, give
strong hopes that their former prosperity will return.
The committee determined, if possible, to ascertain
the real cause of the destruction of the tribes, and
proposed to the officers above named, and to many
others, the following most important inquiry bearing
upon that subject, namely:
" What diseases are most common and most fatal
among them ; andfrom what causes?"
To this General Sprague answers:
"The children die rapidly and suddenly from
dysentery and measles, and from neglect and expos-
ure to the weather. The adults die from fevers,
small-pox, drunkenness, and diseases engendered
from sexual intercourse. These diseases are among
the men and women in the most malignant form, as
tho Indian doctors are unable to manage them. In-
dulgence in liquor, exposure, and the absence of
remedies aggravate the disease. In this, striking at
tho very basis of procreation, is to be found tho
active cause of the destruction of the Indian race/'
General Pope is of opinion that "venereal diseases,
particularly secondary syphilis, is tho most common
and destructive. It is to be doubted whether one
Indian, man or woman, in five is free from this
disease or its effects."
Without quoting from others, it will be found by
the united testimony of all that this disease, more
than all other diseases, and perhaps more than all
other causes, is the active agent of the destruction
of the Indian racc. Add to this intemperance,
exposure, the want of sufficient food and clothing,
wars among themselves and wars with tho whites,
a,nd we are at no loss to account for the utter ex-
tinction of many of the most powerful tribes and
the ultimate disappearance of nearly all upon this
continent. It is a sad but faithful picture.
INDIAN WARS WITII THE WHITES.
The committee are of opinion that in a large ma-
jority of cases Indian wars are to be traced to the
aggressions of lawless white men, always to be found
upon the frontier or boundary line between savage
and civilized life. Such is the statement of the most
experienced officers of the Army and of all those who
have been long conversant with Indian affairs.
Colonel Bent, who has lived upon the Upper Ar-
kansas, near Bent's fort, for thirty-six years, states
that in nearly every instance difficulties between In-
dians and the whites arose from aggressions on tho
Indians by the whites. The war with the Sioux,
commencing in 1854, the war with the Arrapahoes and
Cheyennes in 1865, are traced by him directly to those
aggressions.
Colonel Kit Carson, who has lived upon the plains
and in the mountains since 182G, and has been all that
time well acquainted with the Indian tribes in peace
and in war, confirms this statement. He says, "As a
general thing the difficulties arise from aggressions
on the part of the whites." "The whites are always
cursing the Indians, and are not willing to do them
justice."
From whatever cause wars may be brought 01^,
either between different Indian tribes or between the
Indians and the whites, they arc very destructive,
not only of the lives of the warriors engaged in it, but
of the women and children also, often becoming a
war of,extermination. Such is the rule of savage
warfare, and it is difficult if notimpossible to restrain
white men, especially white men upon the frontiers,
from adopting the same mode of warfare against the
Indians. The indiscriminate slaughter of men,
women, and children has frequently occurred in the
history of Indian wars. But the fact which gives
such terrible force to the condemnation of the whole-
sale massacre of Arrapahoes and Cheyennes, by the
Colorado troops under Colonel Chivington, near Fort
Lyon, was that those Indians wore there encamped
under the direction of our own officers, and believed
themselves to be under the protection of our flag.
To the honor of the Government it may be said that
a just atonement for this violation of its faith was
sought to be made in the late treaty with these tribes.
Second. Another potent cause of their decay is to
be found in the loss of their hunting grounds and in
the destruction of that game upon which the Indian
subsists. ^ This cause, always powerful, has of late
greatly increased.. Until the white settlements
crossed the Mississippi the Indians could still find
hunting grounds without limit, and game, especially
the buffalo, in great abundance upon the western
plains.
But the discovery of gold and silver in California,
and in all the mountain Territories, poured a flood
of hardy and adventurous miners across those plains,
and into all the valleys and gorges of the mountains,
from the east.
Two linos of railroad are rapidly crossing the plains,
one by the valley of the Platte and the other by the
Smoky Hill. .They will soon reach the Rocky mount-
ains crossing the center of the great buffalo range
in two linesfrom east to west. It is to be doubted if
the buffalo in his migrations will many times cross a
railroad where trains are passing and repassing, and
with the disappearance of the buffalo from this im-
mense region all the powerful tribes of the plains
will inevitably disappear, and remain north of the
Platte or south of the Arkansas. Another route fur-
ther north, from Minnesota by the Upper Missouri,
and one further south, from Arkansas by the Cana-
dian, are projected, and will soon be pressed forward.
These will drive tho last vestige of the buffalo from
all the region east of the Rocky mountains and put
an end to the wild man's means of life.
On the other hand, the emigration from California
and Oregon into the Territories from the West is fill-
ing every valley and gorgeof the mountains with the
most energetic and fearless men in the world. In those
wildregions, wherenocivillawhas ever been admin-
istered, and where our military forces have scarccly
penetrated, these adventurers are practically without
any law except such as they impose upon themselves,
namely, the law of necessity and of self-defense.
Even after territorial governments are established
over them in form by Congress the population is so
sparse and the administration of the civil law so
feeble that the people are practically without any
law but their own will. In their eager search for
gold or fertile tracts of land the boundaries of Indian
reservations are wholly disregarded; conflicts ensue;
exterminating wars follow, in which the Indian is, of
course, at the last overwhelmed if not destroyed.
The question whether the Indian Bureau should
be placed under the War Department or retained in
the "Department of the Interior is one of consider-
able importance, and both sides have very warm
advocates. Military men generally unite in recom-
mending that change be made,.while civilians, teach-
ers, missionaries, agents, and superintendents, and
those not in the regular Army generally oppose it.
The arguments and objections urged by each are not
without force.
The argumeni in favor of it is that in case of hos-
tilities tho military lorces must assume control of our
relations to the hostile tubes, and therefore it is bet-
ter for the War Department to have the entire con-
trol, both in peace and in war; secondly, that the*
annuity goods and clothing paid to Indians under
treaty stipulations will be more faithfully and hon-
estly made by officers of the regular Armv, who hold
their places for life, and are subject to military trials
for misconduct, than when made by the agents and
superintendents appointed under the Interior De-
partment; and thirdlv, that it would prevent con-
flict between different Departments in tho adminis-
tration of their affairs.
Upon the other side it is urged with crreat force
that for the proper administration of Indian affairs
there must be somo officer of the Government whose
