THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 3,
Representatives that a quorum of the Senate has
assembled, and that the Senate is ready to proceed
to business.
HOUR OF MEETING.
On motion of Mr. ANTHONY, it was
Ordered, That the hour of the daily meeting of the
Senate be twelve o'clock, m., until otherwise ordered.
notification to the president.
On motion of Mr. ANTHONY, it was
Resolved, That a committee, consisting of two
members, be appointed to join such committee as
may be appointed by the House of Representatives,
to wait upon the President of the .United States, and
inform him that a quorum of each House has assem-
bled, and that Congress is ready to receive any com-
munication he may be pleased to make.
By unanimous consent, the President pro
tempore was authorized to appoint the commit-
tee; and Messrs. Anthony and Nesmith were
appointed.
suffrage in the district.
Mr. SUMNER. Is there any business before
the Senate now?
The BRESIDENT pro tempore. There is
none.
Mr. SUMNER. If not, and if it is in order,
I will move that the Senate proceed to the con-
sideration of Senate bill No. 1, entitled "A bill
to regulate the elective franchise in the District
of Columbia."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore put the ques-
tion on the motion, and declared that the noes
appeared to have it.
Mr. SUMNER called for a division.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Those in
favor-—•
Mr. SUMNER. Befsre the motio® is put I
wish to call the attention of the Senate to the
condition of that bill. It will be remembered
that it was introduced on the first day of the
last session; that it was the subject of repeated
discussions in this Chamber; that it was more
than once referred to the Committee on the
District of Columbia, by whose chairman it was
reported back to the Senate. At several dif-
ferent stages of the discussion it was- supposed
that we were about to reach a final vote. The
country expected that vote. - It was not had.
It ought to have been had. And now, sir, I
think that the best way is for the Senate in this
very first hour of its coming together to put
that bill on its passage. It has been thoroughly
debated. Every Senator here has made up his
mind on the question. There is nothing more
to be said on either side. So far as I am con-
cerned, I am perfectly willing that the vote
shall be taken without one further word of
discussion; but I do think that the Senate
ought not to allow the bill to be postponed. We
ought to seize this first occasion to put the bill
on its passage. The country expects it; the
country will rejoice and be grateral if you will
signalize this first day of your coming together
by this beautiful and generous act.
Mr. McDOUGALL. i should like to inquire
of the Senator from Massachusetts whether he
desires to force a discussion on that measure
to-day. It is, of course, a very important one,
and he is aware that there are differences of
opinion upon it. I differ with him much. That
bill cannot be passed without discussioa, and
it should be a full discussion, for it involves
principles, and I ask the Senator from Massa-
chusetts not to urge it immediately. Let him
set a time for its consideration—any time when
those members of the Senate who desire to de-
bate it will be prepared to do so—and not press
it before the morning hour has expired of the
first day of the session of the Senate. I object
to its consideration now, and I ask the Sena-
tor from Massachusetts to name a day for that
purpose. [After a pause.] He insists upon it
now. Well, then, it will have to be discussed.
I w< uld rather that so important a question
should be postponed until some day when we
come here prepared for business, and not when
we come here for the purpose of settling the
preliminaries of business.
Mr. MORRILL. I agree with all that has
been said by the honorable Senator from Mas-
sachusetts about the propriety of an early con-
sideration of this measure. It is true, that
having been charged by the committee with
presenting the measure to the consideration of
the Senate at the last session, I did call the
attention of this body on more than one occa-
sion to the importance of its consideration,
but was not able to secure the final action of
the body; and in the continuance of the duty
with which I felt charged by the committee, it
was my purpose to move for the action of the
Senate at the earliest moment when I supposed
it would be in order to do so. I was under
the impression that the unfinished business of
the two Houses must lie over under the rule
for the first six days of the session—in other
words, it woald not be in order to take this
measure up until the expiration of six days.
I do not know that the rule is susceptible of
that construction, but under that construction
it was my purpose to do no more to-day than
to give notice of an intention to bring this bill
to the consideration of the Senate at the
earliest possible moment when it could receive
its attention, but I should be very glad, if it is
within the reach of the Senate, to consider it
now, and very much obliged to my honorable
friend from Massachusetts for relieving me
from any further duty in regard to the bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is the
Senate ready for the question ?
Mr. 6AULSBURY. Mr. President, accord-
ing to the Constitution of the United States, I
believe 
Mr. JOHNSON. I understand the Senator
from California to object to the consideration
of the bill now. Does not a single objection
carry it over?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
thinks not.
Mr. McDOUGALL. It is a violation of the
rule to take it up now.
Mr.. SAULSBURY. I believe I have the
floor.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Delaware has the floor. The Chair
will state that the only question suggested by
the Senator from Maine, as a question of order,
in the opinion of the Chair, must come under
the 21st joint rule, which is, that—
"After six days from the commencement of a
second or subsequent session of Congressman bills,
resolutions, or reports which originated in either
House, and at the close of the next preceding session
remained undetermined in either House, shall be
resumed and acted on in the same manner as if an
adjournment had not taken place."
It docs not, in the opinion of the Chair,
exclude the Senate from considering bills prior
to the six days. It requires that after the six
days they "shall be resumed." If the opin-
ion of the Chair is wrong, he will be subject,
of course, to correction. The Chair, however,
is referred to a previous decision at a former
session. A motion was made to take up a bill
under like circumstances:
" Jlr. Pearce raised a question of order whether
the motion was in order under the 21st joint rule,
and the Vice President decided that the motion was
not in order."—Senate Journal, Thirty-Fifth Con-
gress, second session, page 39.
In view of that decision the Chair will re-
verse its decision, and decide that this motion,
if the question of order is made, is not now in
order, on the authority of the precedent for-
merly set.
introduction of bills.
Mr. SHERMAN. Is it in order now to in-
troduce a bill with the consent of the Senate?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
thinks it is, if there be no objection. The title
of the bill will be read for information.
There being no objection, leave was granted
to introduce a bill (S. No. 452) to prevent and
punish the illegal appointment of officers of the
United States; and it was read twice by its title.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask that it be referred
to the Judiciary Committee.
Mr. GRIMES. The committees have not
been appointed.
Mr. SHERMAN. I thought they were con-
tinued ; if not, let it be laid on the table.
The bill was laid on the table.
Mr. WILLIAMS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 453) to regulate the tenure of offices ;
which was read twice by its title, laid on the
table, and ordered to be printed.
organization of the house..
Edward McPhersox, Esq., Clerk of the
House of Representatives, appeared below the
bar and delivered the following message:
Mr. Pbksident: Ihavebeen directed to inform the
Senate that a quorum of the House of Representa-
tives has assembled, and that the House is now ready
to proceed to business.
The House has passed a resolution directing the
appointment of a committee on the part of the House,
to join such comfirittee as may be appointed on the
part of the Senate, to wait on the President of the
United States and inform him that a quorum of the
two Houses has assembled, and that Congress is ready
to receive any communication he mav be pleased to
make: and has appointed Mr. E. B. Washburne of
Illinois, Mr. J. S. Morrill of Vermont, and Mr. W.
E. Finck of Ohio, the committee on the part of the
House.
notice of a bill-.
Mr. MORGAN gave notice of his intention
to ask leave to introduce a bill in relation to
the employment of apprentices in the commer-
cial marine of the United States.
french troops in mexico.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask leave to offer the
following resolution:
Resolved, That the President be requested to com-
municate to this House, if in his opinion not incon-
sistent with the public interest, any correspondence
or other information in his possession in regard to the
following points:
1. Whetherthe French Emperor has complied wita
Ms announcement toward the United States to with-
draw one third of the French-troops in Mexico dur-
ing the month of November last.
2. Whether any number of said French troops has
been withdrawn in accordance with that announce-
ment.
3. Whether, if, as it appears, no troops have been
withdrawn, the French Emperor has offered any ex-
planation or apology for his course, or whether he
has proposed a different understanding by which the
withdrawal will be delayed.
4. What action, if any, the Government has taken
to see that understanding carried out.
Mr. SUMNER. Let that lie over until to-
morrow.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, the resolution lies over.
superintendent op printing.
Mr. LANE submitted the following resolu-
tion :
Resolved, That the Committee on Printing be di-
rected to inquire into the expediency of providing
by law for the eleetion of Superintendent of Public
Printing by a concurrent vote of both Houses of
Congress, and to report by bill or otherwise.
The PRESIDENT^ro tempore. The Chair
will suggest that there is at present no com-
mittee to which the resolution can be referred.
Mr. LANE. Let the resolution lie on the
table, to be referred when the committee shall
have been appointed.
The PRESi DENT pro tempore. That course
will be taken, no objection being made.
widow of iiox. j. h. lane.
Mr. POHEROY. I ask the consent of the
Senate to introduce the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate be, and
he is hereby,directed to pay outof thecompensation
fund of the Senate, to Mrs. Lane, widow of Hon.
James H. Lane, deceased, late a Senator from the
State of Kansas, the amount of compensation due
the deceased at the time of his death.
I suppose this resolution had better lie on
the table until the appointment of the Com-
mittee on Contingent Expenses.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reso-
lution will lie over, having received one rcad-
isg to-day.
EECESS.
Mr. TRUMBULL, (at a quarter before one
o'clock.) I move that the Senate take a recess
until a quarter past one o'clock.
Several Senators. Let us adjourn.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, we may get the
message. I understand that our committee
have gone to the President, and I think we
ought to await their ref ort before adjourning.
It is possible we may have the message to-day.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore resumed the
chair at fifteen minutes past one o' clock j>  m'.
