1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
767
of a ton of this Albertite. Is that ordinary
coal? Is that an article thatought to be placed
in the category of our ordinary bituminous
coal, subject to the same duty and to t"he same
conditions, one producing at the very highest
only forty gallons per ton, and this rich article
producing one hundred gallons and sometimes
more than one hundred gallons per ton—pro-
ducing as much oil per ton as this asphaltum
does, and therefore placing itself, it seems to
me, upon pretty much the same reason for the
same protection? It is true, you may call it by
another name, but the result is the same.
You may call it coal, but it produces one hun-
dred gallons of oil, and ordinary bituminous
coal only produces forty—from twenty to forty.
And now, if I can get the attention of the
Senate, I beg to correct the Senator in some
of his material statements. I know nothing
of the character of the gentleman who placed
these facts in my hands personally; but he
comes to me recommended as a gentleman of
the highest integrity, and I am sure that he is
a gentleman of the finest intelligence. Ex-
cept so far as the Senator from Maine states
facts resting upon his personal knowledge, the
Senate have only the written statement of one
gentleman from Portland, Maine, on the one
side, and a gentleman from New York on the
other.
As to the allegation that nothing has been
done to develop the rich mine of asphaltum
alluded to in West Virginia, and that this
proposition is one wholly prospective in its
character, I beg to correct the Senator from
Maine. Already §100,000 have been expended
in building a railroad to this mine, and retorts
are in process of erection at the mine for the
purpose of expressing the oil. In addition
to that, extensive brick buildings have been
erected and are in process of erection. Many
thousands of brick have been made at the
place for the purpose of erecting buildings ;
and buildings are in process of erection, ancl a
large and heavy amount of capital has already
been expended ; and this company is just on
the eve of commencing operations there, un-
less it should be cut down by this discrimina-
tion against it. You say it is " Albertite" in
Nova Scotia; you say it is ''asphaltum" in
West Virginia; yet the Nova Scotia Albertite
is as rich in the identical article of oil as the
asphaltum is in West Virginia. Whether you
call it Albertite or asphaltum, the reason for
protecting the one is just about the same a.s
for protecting the other by a duty.
Now, six-, I am no mineralogist; but I have
had the specimens before me, and if I were to
present them to any Senator I venture to say
that from the external appcarance of thorn
there could be no distinction made in them.
They look precisely alike. There maybe, and
doubtless is, according to the statement of the
Senator from Maine, a difference in them in
some respects, enough to give them a different
name; but the result of the manufacture of
each is about the same; and now the question
is, whether as regards two articles that produce
the same results, although in their crude state
you may call them by different names, the do-
mestic article shall-not be protected against the
introduction 01 the foreign article; that is to
say, whether coal oil, whether this oil which
is identical in its character, whether expressed
from asphaltum or expressed from Albertite,
shall be introduced from abroad in competition
with the domestic manufacture at home.
Some of the facts stated by the Senator from
Maine may have their weight upon the Senate ;
but I am very certain that the character and
standing of the Senator from Maine, the posi-
tion he occupies upon the Finance Committee,
and justly occupies in the estimation of the
Senate and the country, is a matter much more
difficult for me to encounter than the real facts
and merits involved in the case. I repeat, sir,
the same results accrue from the manufacture
of these articles, whether you call them one
name or the other. Why do you call one thing
"Albertite" and tlve other "asphaltum?"
The name Albertite is a mere compliment. I
believe, to Prince Albert himself. A certain
species of stone found in Nova Scotia not very
long ago had the cognomen of "Albertite"
given to it in compliment to Prinec'Albert.
Compare them .together and they look exactly
as if they contained the same resinous qualities.
The results as stated by the Senator from Maine
show that such is the fact, that both produce
one hundre'd and sometimes a little over one
hundred gallons of oil to the ton, the same
kind of oil, to be applied to the same purposes.
Now, the question is, when our own domestic
capital and our own fellow-citizens here at
home and our own industry are brought into
competition with the introduction from abroad
of an article which, though having a different
name, produces the same result, shall they not
have a discrimination of protection in their
favor? It is with the greatest regret imagina-
ble that I am driven to this position as against
the Senator from Maine ; but looking to the in-
terests of my constituents, and I think to the
general interests of the country, and relying
upon the general principles of this bill which,
all through it, in all of its provisions, proposes
to extend protection to domestic industry and
to domestic manufactures and to domestic cap-
ital, and to-protect our own interests against
foreign competition, I cannot see upon what
principle a discrimination in this single article
producing the same results, simply because it
has a different name, shall be made ; and I trust
that the Senate will allow the clause to remain
as it is.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have no advantage
whatever in contending with the Senator, and
I do not wish any except such as focts may
entitle me to. I stated that this article pro-
duced about one hundred gallons of crude oil
to the ton. I have seen the gentleman sinca,
and he says that the refined oil is about sixty
or sixty-five gallons to the ton after it is ren-
dered fit for use; and he says further that,
exclusive of the cost of the coal, it costs from
thirty to thirty-five cents a gallon to manufac-
ture the oil. To impose a high duty on coal
used in that way is not according to the prin-
ciples of this bill. The principles of this bill
are to admit raw material as low as possible for
the benefit of manufactures from the raw ma-
terial. But, sir, I take the Senator's own words
and I put the case thus: we have put our capi-
tal into it—I say we; I do not mean myself, for
I have 110 interest in it; we have erected our
mill, if you please to call it a mill; we have
been at all this expense; we employ American
citizens; and the mine is owned three quarters
of it by American citizens instead of by for-
eigners, as the Senator seems to suppose.
Now, the question is whether that having been
done in good faith under the reciprocity treaty,
being introduced as coal and being coal, the
Senate is ready to say that because it is not a
native product they will break down at once
and destroy all this capital and throw these
men out of employment, because there is a
mine in West Virginia that certain gentlemen
in New York have bought, and they want to
exclude everything else from the country that
can come into competition with them.
The Senator says the man who works the
West Virginia mine has no protection. Why,
sir, in the first place there is SI 25 a ton; in
the next place the coal is right there on the
spot where he erects the mills ; he has nothing
to pay for transporting it, while we are obliged
to bring ours from Nova Scotia. He has that
additional protection, and then he can manu-
facture the oil just as cheap as we can or
cheaper on account of the difference in labor
and other things. Is not that protection?
What the Senator demands for his constituents
is that Albertite shall be excluded from the
country, and that this business of ours, under-
taken in good faith under the reciprocity
treaty, shall be destroyed, the capital destroyed,
and the men thrown out of employment. I
take his own words for it. I say it is a most
unreasonable demand.
The amendment to the amendment, was
agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to amend the
amendment of the Committee 011 Finance by
striking out-"fifty cents" in line forty-nine of
section thirteen, on page 86, andinserting "one
dollar," and by striking out all after the word
" foot" in line fifty.
The effect of this amendment is simply to
put the second classification of Inarble in the
bill at one dollar per cubic foot specific instead
of fifty cents a cubic foot and twenty per cent.
ad valorem. The amendment proposes to raise
the duty provided in that paragraph to one
dollar per cubic foot, leaving off the ad valorem
duty entirely, which is exactly as the House
bill stands; and from the investigation which
I have made on the subject, and the informa-
tion I have received, which is perfectly credi-
ble, I am clearly satisfied that Chat ought to be
done.
The fir'st clause on the subject of marble
provides a duty of one dollar per cubic foot
and twenty-five per cent, ad valorem on white
statuary marble, brocatello, Sienna, and an-
tique. Now, it is well known to most Sena-
tors undoubtedly that all the marble that
comes into the country under that first classi-
fication is exceedingly trifling. The importa-
tions of it amount to almost nothing, for the
reason that under that classification the im-
porters are able to swear, as importers are
sometimes a little loose on that subject, that
the marble which they import properly belongs
to the other class. 'If a block of marble pos-
sesses the least discoloration, no matter how
large the block may be, if it is at all veined or
otherwise impure in any part of it, it does not
come under the head of "white statuary mar-
ble," but comes in under the head of the
"other" descriptions of marble.
The classifications of marble known to the
science of geology and to the trade are as fol-
lows : first, the antique, which is merely ma*
ble made from ancient monuments, the quar-
ries of which are now entirely lost, and which
so far as importations are concerned is of
course of no account any way. The second is
the simple or single colored varieties. That
may be white or it may be yellow or any other
color which is uniform and homogeneous.
The third variety is the variegated, which in-
cludes all kinds of discolored marbles which
are homogeneous in their composition. The
fourth kind is what is called the brccciated,
which includes brocatello, which is the same
as the Maryland or Virginia marble of which
the columns in the old Hall of the House of
Representatives are made, and a very hand-
some marble it is. The fifth description is
what is called the lumaehella or fossiliferous
marble. That is composed very largely of fos-
sil shells, but is not very much used in trade.
Then the kinds of marble which will come in
nnder this second clause include almost all
that is used for interior ornamental pur-
poses, whether of the single-colored or of the
variegated-colored kinds. It will all come in
under this second clause. We all know that
marble which is used in that way is marble
that is used generally by the opulent. It is
for interior ornamentation, mantels, wash-
basins, and all that sort of thing which goes
to make up the elegances of the houses of the
rich, and therefore a tax as upon a luxury may
justly be imposed upon it.
Now, the cost of that description of marble
laid down in New Y'ork, according to the in-
voices of the importers for the past two years,
has been as follows : the cost at Carrara, in
Italy, from whence the largest part of this mar-
ble comes, is put down at sixty-five cents.
That is the cost delivered 011 shif board at Car-
rara. The duty is fifty cents aid twenty per
cent, ad valorem as the law now is, equal to
sixty-three cents. The premium on gold at
forty per cent, would be fifty-one cents more.
The freight, when it is not brought as ballast,
as it frequently is, and if paid for as freight
rather than paying freight for being brought,
three dollars per ton, would be thirty cents per
cubic foot. Then insurance, &c., amounts to
two cents more. Adding up these items, you
