1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
report of committee to wait on president.
Mr. ANTHONY. Mr. President, the joint
committee appointed to inform the President
of the United States that the two Houses of
Congress were organized and prepared to .re-
ceive any communication which he might be
pleased to make to them, have performed the
duty to which they were appointed, and the
President replied that he would communicate
to the two Houses immediately in writing.
power of amnesty and pardon.
A message fj-om the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPbersojj, its Clerk, announced
the passage by the House of a bill (H. R. No.
828) to repeal section thirteen of an act to
suppress insurrection, to punish treason and
rebellion, to seize and confiscate the property
of rebels, and for' other purposes, approved
July 17, 1862, in which the concurrence of the
Senate was requested.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move, Mr. President,
that the Senate proceed to the consideration of
House bill No. 828.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I should like to know
what that bill is.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The title
of the bill will be read for information.
The Secretary. HousS bill No. 828 is a
bill to repeal section thirteen of an act to sup-
press insurrection, to punish treason and rebel-
lion, to seize and confiscate the property of
rebels, and for other purposes, approved July
17, 1862.
Mr. JOHNSON. I object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, the bill cannot be considered the
day on which it is received.
the President's annual message.
Mr. Robert Johnson, the Private Secre-
tary of the President of the United States,
appeared below the bar and said:
Mr. Pkesident: I am directed by the President of
the United States to deliver to the Senate a message
in writing.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore having re-
ceived the message, handed it to the Secretary,
and directed that it be read.
The Secretary of the Senate, John W. For-
ney, Esq., read the President's annual mes-
sage. [The message will be published in the
Appendix.]
printing 01 the message.
Mr. ANTHONY submitted the following
resolution; which wis considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to:
Setolved. That the message of the President of the
United States, with the reports of the heads of De-
partments, and without' the accompanying docu-
ments, be printed, and that three thousand addi-
tional copies be printed for the use of the Senate.
finance report.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
has received, and will take this opportunity to
lay before the Senate, the annual report of the
Secretary of the Treasury on the state of the
^n&nc6S
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move that that report
be laid upon the table until the committees are
appointed, and be printed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That order
will be taken if there be no objection.
Mr. POMEROY. If there is no further
business, I move that the Senate do now
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, December 3, 1866.
In conformity to the Constitution, the Thirty-
Ninth Congress ef the United States of Amer-
ica convened this day in its second session. At
twelve o'clock in., Hon. Schuyler Colfax,
Speaker of the House of Representatives, a
member from the State of Indiana, called the
House to order.
Rev. C. B. Boynton, the Chaplain, offered
up prayer in these words:
Almighty God, our heavenly Father, Creator
and Preserver of all things, and Redeemer of
men, as the only proper object of worship we
approach Thee once more with our offerings of
thanksgiving, praise, and prayer. Thanks be
to God for this good hour, so full of the evi-
dences of Thy remembering love and Thy pro-
tecting care. Through the months in which
we have been separated from each other Thou
hast watched over Thy servants, these public
men; Thou hast guarded their lives, their
health, and their interests well, watching them
in all their course; Thou hast protected their
families from sickness and disaster, and the
death shadow has fallen during all these months
only on one of the families connected with this
Congress. We thank Thee, O God, that Thou
hast preserved them all but that. WeprayThy
blessing, and for the consolations that Thou
alone canst give to the friends of him whom
Thou hast taken away. We thank Thee that
Thou didst nerve up these men so that they have
done a duty while absent from this spot more
important in its results, as we trust, than what
they were able to do while here, oven. We
bless Thee that Thou gavest them the wisdom
and the strength to enlighten the people on the
great questions at issue before the country, and
we thank Thee for that magnificent uprising of
a free people, instructed as they were to make
right decisions in reference to every great ques-
tion presented, so that when their decisions
were uttered we knew that it was not in vain
to depend upon the intelligence of the Ameri-
can people. We thank Thee, 0 God, that
Thou hast been pleased to bring these men
together once more, to enter upon their duties
thus strengthened and encouraged by all the
experience that they have had of the overruling
providence of God and of the supporting power
of the people upon whom they depended.
And now, 0 God, grant them wisdom, we
' pray Thee, to enter upon the discharge of these
new responsibilities with added strength and
courage. May they have increased faith in
God; faith in the righteous cause; faith in
the power of truth; faith in the intelligence
and right-mindedness of the people, and so
may they go .forward to perfect the work which
they have so nobly begun. Grant, we pray
Thee, that with a true Christian and manly
courage they may perform all things that are
demanded by the welfare and best interest of
the country. Everything that justice mingled
with mercy requires, may they be ready to per-
form. May they leafe nothing to be done by
those who shall come after them that they of
right ought to perform; and as the result of
their deliberations and decisions we pray that
there may be no spot in this land that is not
wholly consecrated to freedom—Christian free-
dom. May there be no foot of our territory
which shall not be free, so that every man,
wherever the flag floats, or ought to be un-
furled, shall be secure in life, liberty, and
property. We pray Thee, 0 God, that the
end of what they do may be, that every man
shall be invested anew with every civil and
every political right that belongs to a proper
manhood; and may there be no flinching or
faltering in any one question connected with
these great issues.
0 God, bless all those who have any influ-
ence upon the destinies of the land. May all
the high officers of the Government^ the Pres-
ident included, be taught of God Himself, in-
fluenced by the Holy Ghost, so that if it be
possible there may be harmony in all the op-
erations of every department of the Govern-
ment. We ask not for harmony that is the
result of any compromise, of any yielding, of
the right. May those who are right be stronger
than ever in the right; and may peace be pro-
cured by the yielding of those who are wrong.
Will God bless the Senate of the United
States also. And now we pray Thy blessing
on us individually in every relation of life, and
when at last all is over may we be able to step
off into that unknown—unknown except to
faith—with a good hope in Jesus Christ; and
we will give all the praise and the glory now
and forever unto the triune God. Amen.
call of the roll.
The Clerk then called the roll, and the follow-
ing named Members and Delegates answered
to their names:
MAINE.
John Lynch, John H. Rice,
Sidney Perham, Frederick A. Pike.
James G. Blaine,
NBW HAMPSHIRE.
Edward H. Rollins, James W. Patterson.
VERMONT.
Justin S. Morrill, Portus Baxter.
MASSACHUSETTS.
Thomas D. Eliot, George S. Boutwell,
Oakes Ames, John D. Baldwin,
Alexander H. Rice, William B. Washburn,
Samuel Hooper, Henry L. Dawes.
Nathaniel P. Banlss,
RHODE ISLAND.
Thomas A. Jenekes, Nathan P. Dixon.
CONNECTICUT.
Samuel L. Warner, Augustus Brandegae.
John H. Hubbard,
NEW YORK.
Stephen Taber,
Nelson Taylor,
John W. Obanlcr,
William E. Dodge,
William A. Darling,
John H. Ketcham,
Robert S. Hale,
Calvin T. Hulburd,
Addison H. Laftin,
Sidney T. Holmes,
Daniel Morris,
Roswell Hart,
Burt Van Horn,
Henry VanAernam.
NEW JERSEY.
John P. Starr, Charles Sitgreaves,
William A. Newell, Andrew J. Rogers.
PENNSYLVANIA.
Samuel J. Randall, Adam J. Glossbrenner,
Charles O'Neill, William H, Koontz,
Leonard Myers, Abraham A. Barker,
William D. Kelley, Stephen F. Wilson,
Benjamin M. Boyer, Olerini W. Soofield,
John M. Broomall, John h. Dawson,
Sydenham E. Ancona, James K. Moorhead,
Thaddeus Stevens, Thomas Williams,
Ulysses Mercur, George V. Lawrence.
George F. Miller,
DELAWARE.
John A. Nicholson.
MARYLAND.
John L, Thomas, Francis Thomas.
Charles E. Phelps,
OHIO.
Benjamin Eggleston,' James M. Ashley,
Rutherford B. Hayes, Hezekiah S. Bundy,
Robert C. Schenek, William E. Finck,
.William Lawrence, Martin Welker,
Francis C. Le Blond, Tobias A. Plants,
Reader W. Clarke, John A. Bingham,
Samuel Shellabarger, Ephraim R. Eekley.
James R. Hubbell, Rufus P. Spalding,
Ralph P. Buckland, James A. Garfield.
KENTUCKY.
Lawrence Trimble, George S. Shanklin,
Burwcll C. Ritter, William II. Randall,
Aaron Harding, Samuel McKee.
TENNEbbEE.
Nathaniel J. Taylor, William B. Stokes,
Horace Maynard, John W. Lcftwieh.
INDIANA.
William E. Niblaek, Henry D. Washburn,
Michael 0. Kerr, Godlove S. Orth,
Ralph Hill, Schuyler Colfax,
John H. Farquhar, Joseph H. Defrees,
George W. Julian, Thomas N. Stilwell.
ILLINOIS.
John Wentworth, Shelby M. Callom,
John II. Famsworth, Samuel S. Marshall,
Elihu B. Washburne, Jehu Baker,
Abner C. Harding, Andrew J. KuykendaO,
Ebon C. Ingersoll, Samuel W. Moulton.
Henry P. H. Bromwcll,
MISSOURI.
Henry T. Blow, Robert T. Va  Horn,
Thomas E. Noell, Benjamin F, Loan,
John R. Kelso, John F. Benjamin.
Joseph W. JIuClurg,
MICHIGAN.
Fernando C. Beaman, Rowland E. Trowbridge,
Charles Upson, John F. Driggs.
Thomas W. Ferry.
