1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
QUALIFICATION OiT A MEMBER.
, Mr. ORTH. Hon. Lovell H. &ousseau
having been reelected a Representative from
the fifth congressional district of Kentucky,
is present and desires to be sworn in.
Mr. Rousseau was duly qualified fry taking
the oaths prescribed by the Constitution and
laws. ■ ;
john n. stjbbatt.
* Mr. BOUTWELL submitted the following
resolution; which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of State be, and is
hereby, directed to lay before this House copies of all
correspondence in the State Department in relation
to the discovery and arrest of John H. Surratt.
sale op gold.
Mr. BOUTWELL introduced a bill to pro-
vide for the sale of gold, and for other pur-
poses ; which was read a first and second time.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to sell the sum of $2,000,000 in gold in
the city of New York, on each and every Mon-
day, in lots not exceeding $10,000 each, when-
ever the amount of gold in the Treasury shall
exceed $42,000,000.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I move that the bill
be referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means.
Mr. SPALDING. I move that the bill be
referred to the Committee on Banking and
Currency.
Mr. Spalding's motion was disagreed to.
Mr. Boutwell's motion was then agreed to.
meeting of congress.
Mr. SCHENCK introduced a bill to fix the
time for the regular meeting of Congress ;
which was r-ead a first and second time.
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not desire action on
the bill at the present time. 1 now move that
it be made the special order for Tuesday, the
11th instant, after the morning hour.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I think
there is already a special order for that day.
If this bill shall come in after the special orders
that have already been fixed for that day, I
will have no objection.
The SPEAKER. There are several post-
ponements of special orders from the last ses-
sion. They will take precedence in the order
Mr. SCHENCK. I will modify my motion.
I move that the bill be postponed and made
the special order for Thursday next, after the
morning hour, and that it be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
department of internal revenue.
Mr. KELLEY. I move to suspend the rules
in order to enable me to introduce and have
referred a bill to create and organize a Depart-
ment to be called the Department of Internal
Revenue.
Mr. ELD RIDGE. I call for the reading of
the bill at length.
The Clerk began the reading of the bill, but
before concluding,
Mr. HALE said: I move to suspend the
rule under which the gentleman from Wiscon-
sin [Mr. Eldbidge] has the right to call for
the reading of this bill.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I would inquire of the
Chair if the reading of a bill can be inter-
rupted in this way?
The SPEAKER. It can. Any member
has the right nnder the rules to call for the
reading of a bill. And under the same rules
any member has the right to move to suspend
the rules that gives the right to call for the read-
ing. The Chair will state that the rule is that
motions to suspend the rules can be made on
each Monday only, after the expiration of one
hour succeeding the reading of the Journal.
There being no Journal read to-day that rule
does not apply to this day.
The question was taken upon the motion of
Mr. Hale, and upon a divis:on there were—ayes
one hundred and eight, noes not counted.
So (two thirds having voted in the affirma-
tive) the rules were suspended, and the further
reading of the bill was dispensed with.
The question recurred upon the motion of
Mr. Kelley to suspend the rules in order to
enable him to introduce a bill, and being taken
it was agreed to, two thirds voting in the
affirmative.
So the rules were suspended, and the bill
was introduced and read a first and second
time.
Mr. KELLEY. I move that the bill be
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and be printed.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move to amend that
motion, so that the bill may be referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means.
The question was taken upon the motion of
Mr. Garfield ; and ujion a division there were
—ayes 54, noes 62.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The motion of Mr. HSlley was then agreed to.
REMOVALS FROM OSFICE.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the rules be
suspended in order to enable me to introduce
a bill to regulate removals from office.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I call for the reading of
the bill at length.
The bill was read at length. The first sec-
tion provides that in all instances of appoint-
ments to office by the President, by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate, the
power of removal shall be exercised only in
concurrence with the Senate.
The second section provides that in case of
disability or misconduct in office, occurringdur-
ing the recess of the Senate, where the interests
of the public may make it necessary to displace
the incumbent until the advice and consent of the
Senate can be duly had and obtained thereon,
it shall be lawful for the President to suspend
the disabled or defaulting officer, and to desig-
nate some other person to perform the duties
of the office until the Senate shall have the
opportunity of acting thereupon. And it shall
be the duty of the President, within ten days
after the next meeting of the Senate, to report
to it the fact of. such suspension, with the rea-
sons therefor, and to nominate a person for
the place, and in case of the refusal of the
Senate to concur in such suspension, either by
a direct vote thereon, or by advising and con-
senting to the appointment of the person so
nominated, the officer suspended shall there-
upon resume the exercise of his official func-
tions as though the same had not been'sus-
pended.
The third section provides that every person
who has been or shall hereafter be nominated
to the Senate for office, and who shall fail to
receive the advice and consent of the Senate
thereto, shall be incapable of holding any office
under the United States for the term of three
years after such rejectionj unless two thirds of
the Senate shall relieve him of such disability.
And whenever any person has assumed office,
and discharged its duties upon the nomination
of the President, before he has been confirmed
by the Senate, or his rejection by the Senate,
ail subordinates and deputies appointed by
him, or on his recommendation, shall vacate
their places.
The fourth section provides that ail nomina-
tions made by the President shall be commu-
nicated to the Senate within twenty days after
they are made, or after the commencement of
the next succeeding session of the Senate.
The question was upon the motion to sus-
pend the rules.
Mr. STEVENS. I desire to state that I do
not propose to ask for action upon this bill at
this time, but shall move that its further con-
sideration be postponed until Friday next, and
that it bo made the special order for that day
after the morning hour.
Mr. SPALDING. Is the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] aware that that
subject is now before the joint committee on
retrenchment? They have the subject now
before them and are considering it.
Mr. STEVENS. All I know is that I offer
this bill. If the gentleman does not like it he
can vote against it.
Mr. SPALDING. He will probably assume
that privilege, whether the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] likes it or not.
The motion to suspend the rules was agreed
to; and the bill was postponed, and made a
special order for Friday next, after the morning
hour, and ordered to be printed.
MANAGEMENT OF GOVERNMENT PRINTING.
Mr. LAFLIN, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Printing be re-
quested to inquire into the expediency of providing
by law for the selection of a proper person to take
chargeofandmanagetheGovernment Printing Office,
for the execution of all the congressional and depart-
mental printing.
Mr. LAFLIN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was agreed to; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER resumed the call of the
States and-Territories for the introduction of
resolutions and of bills on leave.
LIGHT-HOUSE AT MATAWAN POINT, ETC.
Mr. NEWELL submitted the following res-
olution ; which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
requested to inquire into the expediency of making
an appropriation for the erection of a light-house at
Matawaa Point, on Raritan bay, in the State of New
Jersey; and also of providing for a per diem compen-
sation for the crews connected with the life-saving
stations on the coasts of Long Island and New Jersey
for every day during which they may be actually em-
ployed, and that the committee report by bill or
otherwise.
APPOINTMENT OF PUBLIC OFFICERS.
Mr. BROOMALL introduced a bill regulat-
ing the appointment of certain public officers;
which was read a first and second time.
Mr. LE BLOND called' for the reading of
the bill at length; and it was read.
The bill was referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
ORGANIZATION OF CONGRESS.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I rise to
make a privileged report. The joint commit-
tee of the two Houses, appointed to wait on
the President and advise him of the organiza-
tion of Congress, beg leave to report that they
have discharged that duty, and that the Presi-
dent has informed them that he will communi-
cate his message to Congress at once. *
EXEMPTION FROM INCOME TAX.
Mr. ANCONA submitted the following reso-
lution, on which he demanded the previous
question:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means
be requested to take into consideration and report
at the earliest day practicable a bill providing an
adjustment of the rat«s and amount of exemption
from the income tax, in accordance with the pledges
made to the people by Congress at the last session,
when action was last taken upon the general subject
of internal revenue duties.
Mr. GARFIELD. I hope that this resolu-
tion in its present form will not be adopted,
although I have no objection to a reference of
the subject to the committee.
The previous question'was not seconded.
Mr. ANCONA. I will move the reference
of the resolution to the Committee of Ways
and Means. That will accomplish the same
purpose.
The motion was agreed to; and the resolu-
tion was referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means.
INSPECTORS OF DISTILLERIES.
Mr. MILLER submitted the following res-
olution ; which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
Resolved. That the Committee of Ways and Moans
bo, and arc hereby, requested to inquire into the expe-
diency of so changing the revenue laws as to dispense
with the present mode of appointing inspectors ot
distilleries of ardent spirits, and report by bill or
othorwiso,
