1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
The call of the States and Territories having
been completed, the Speaker announced as the
next business in order the calling of the com-
mittees for reports, beginning with the Com-
mittee of Elections.
Mr. FAIINSWOliTII moved that the House
adjourn.
The motion was disagreed to, there being—
ayes 62, noes 63.
The SPEAKER proceeded with the call as
far as the Committee of Claims.
Mr. STEVENS. I msve that the House
adjourn. The message has been sent all over
the country.
Mr. PHELPS. On that motion I demand
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The Clerk proceeded to call the roll.
message teom the president.
A message in writing was received from
the President of the United States by Colonel
Robert Johnson, his Private Secretary.
Mr. STEVENS. I understand it will take
over an hour to read that message. I move to
postpone the reading till to-morrow.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will first
have to withdraw the motion to adjourn.
Mr. STEVENS. I withdraw it.
The SPEAKER then laid before the House
the President's message.
Mr. STEVENS. I now move to postpone
the reading till to-morrow.
The motion was disagreed to—ayes thirty-
four, noes not counted.
Mr. EGGLESTON. I move that theHouse
take a recess till three o'clock, and then have
the message read.
The motion was disagreed to.
The Clerk then read the President's annual
message. [The message will be published in
the Appendix.]
During the reading of the message,
Mr. STEVENS said: We all of us have a
copy of this message, and our friends who gave
us notice are waiting for our reception. Now,
it will take three quarters of an hour longer to
read the message, and I move the further read-
ing be postponed till to-morrow.
The question being taken, there were—ayes
60, noes 50.
Mr. DAWSON. I demand the yeas and
nays. *
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question being taken, it was decided in
the negative—yeas 64, nays 65, not voting 71;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Arnell, James M. Ashley,
Baker, Baxter, Bidwell, Blow, Broomall, Reader W.
Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Cullom, Darling, Dodge,
Driggs, Bggleston, Abner C. Harding, Hawkins, Hen-
derson. Higby, Hill, Holmes, Chester D. Hubbard,
John H. Hubbard, James R. Hubbell, Ingersoll, Kel-
ley, Kelso, Koontz, William Lawrence, Mclndoe,
MeKee, Mereur, Miller, Moorhead, Morrill, Moul-
toiL Myers, Newell, O'Neill, Ortb, Paine, Perham,
Piffe, Plants, Price, Rollins, Sawyer, Schenek, Sco-
field, Shellabarger, Starr, Stevens, Stokes, Trow-
bridge, Upson, Van Aernam, Robert T. Van Horn,
Henry D. Washburn, Welker, Wentworth,Williams,
Stephen F. Wilson, and Windom—64.
WAYS—Messrs. Ames, Ancona, Banks, Barker,
Beaman, Bingham, Blaine, Boutwell, Boyer, Bran-
degee, Campbell, Dawes, Dawson, Defrees, Dixon,
Donnelly, Eckley, Eldrldge, Eliot, Ferry, Finck,
Glossbrenner, Hale, Aaron Hardin!?, Hayes, Hise,
Hooper, Hulburd, Jenekes, Kasson, Ketcham, Kuy-
kendall, Laflin, Latham, George V. Lawrence, Le
Blond, Leftwich, Loan, Lynch, Marshall, Maynard,
McRuer, Niblack, Nicholson, Noell, Patterson,
Phelps, Samuel J. Randall, William H. Randall,
Alexander H. Rice, John H. Rico. Ritter, Rousseau,
Shanklin, Sitgreaves, Spalding, Nathaniel G. Tay-
lor, Francis Thomas, John L. Thomas, Trimble,
Andrew H. Ward, Warner, I.lib u B. Washburne,
William B.Washburn, and Whaley—65.
NQT VOTING —Messrs. Alley, Anderson, Delos
R. Ashley. Baldwin, Benjamin, Bergen, Bromwell,
Buckland, Bundy, Chanler, Conkling, Cook, Cooper,
Culver, Davis, Delano, Doming, Denison, Dumont,
Farnsworth, Farquhar, Garfield, Goodyear, Urinnell,
Griswold, Harris, Hart, Hogan, Hotchkiss, Asahcl W.
Hubbard, Demas Hubbard, Edwin N. Hubbell, Hum-
hrey, Johnson, Jones, Julian, Kerr, Longyear,
./larstou, Marvin, McClurg, McCullough, Morris,
Pomeroy, Radford, Raymond, Rogers, Ross, fcloan,
Stilwell, Strouse, Taber, Nelson Taylor, Thayer,
Thornton, Burt Van Horn, Hamilton Wacd, James
F. Wilson, Winfield, Woodbridge, and Wright—il.
So the motion was disagreed to.
sf
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
that the message and accompanying documents
be referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and printed, and on
that I demand the previous question.
Mr. BANKS. I ask the gentleman to allow
me to offer this as an amendment:
Resolved, That the message, with the repftrts of the
Secretaries of the several Departments and the pa-
pers relating to Mexican affairs, be printed for the
use of the House, in forms separate from the general
documents accompanying the message.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I think the
gentleman had better refer that to the Com-
mittee on Printing.
Mr. BANKS. We want a certain number
of these printed separately.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. But we
certainly want them to go with the general
documents.
Mr. BANKS. If the House adopts this
order, the report of the Secretary of State and
the correspondence relative to Mexican affairs
will be on our tables to-morrow; if not, we
may have to wait for it for some time. Extra
copies can be ordered, if desirable.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I have no
objection to that, and will accept it as a modi-
fication of my motion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof Mr. Washburne's motion was
agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the resolution
was agreed to; and also moved to lay the mo-
tion to reconsider upon the table.
The lafter motion was agreed to.
leave of absence.
Mr. SPALDING asked and obtained leave
of absence for four days for Mr. Taylob, of
Tennessee.
extra copies op the message.
Mr. FINCK submitted a resolution for the
printing of fifty thousand extra copies of the
President's message and accompanying docu-
meRts; which was referred under the law to
the. Committee on Printing.
And then, on motion of Mr. WASHBURNE,
of Illinois, (at ten minutes before three o'clock
p. m.,) the House adjourned.
petitions.
The following petitions were presented under the
rule, and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia: The peti-
tion of members of company A, independent ex-
empts of West Virginia volunteer infanty, asking
payment of bounty provided by law for soldiers en-
listed in the volunteer forces of the United States in
1862.
By Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts: The petition of
Samuel Pierce, ef Cambridge, Massachusetts, for
renewal of his patent for improvement in cooking
stoves.
notices of bills.
The following notices for leave to introduce bills
were given under the rule:
By Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio: A bill to enable loyal
citizens residing in the districts of country recently
in rebellion against the United States to organizo
constitutional State governments in each of the
States whose governments were usurped or over-
thrown, and for other purposes.
Also, a bill to change the boundary of the Territory
of Montana, and for other purposes.
Also, a bill for the admission of Nebraska and Col-
orado into the Union as States on an equal looting
with the original States. ...
By Mr. ELIOT: A bill to repeal the thirteenth
section of an act entitled "An act to suppress insur-
rection, to punish treason and rebellion, and to seize
and confiseate the property of rebels, and for other
purposes/' approved July 17,1862.
By Mr. JULIAN: An act to amend_ and make
general the preemption laws of the United States.
Also, an act providing civil governments for the
districts lately in revolt against the United States,
and for the restoration of said districts to their for-
feited rights as States of the Union.
Also, a bill to equalize the bounties of soldiers
who served in the late war for the Union.
By Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio: A bill to repeal
the provisions of the law of last session, increasing
the pay of Senators, Representatives, and Delegates
in Congress. ,
Also, a bill to reduee the mileage of members of
Congress. •* . .
By Mr. SPALDING: A bill making provision for
a navy-yard and naval station for the upper lakes,
at Cleveland, Ohio.
Also, a bill for the relief of R. C. Spalding, pay-
master in the United States Navy.
Also, a bill for the protection of the piers, break-
waters, and harbor improvements of the United
States.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, December 4, 1866.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. E. H. Grat.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
Hon. Charles R. Buckalew, of Pennsylva-
nia ; Hon. George Read Riddle, of Delaware;
Hon. John B. Henderson, of Missouri: Hon.
William M. Stewart, of Nevada; and Hon.
Thomas A. Hendricks, of Indiana, appeared
in their seats.
petitions.
Mr. WILSON presented two petitions of
officers of the United States Army praying for
an increase of pay; which were ordered to lie
upon the table.
reconstruction.
Mr. SUMNER. I desire to give notice that
I shall to-morrow or some subsequent day ask
leave to introduce resolutions declaring the true
principles of reconstruction; the jurisdiction of
Congress over the whole subject; the illegality
of the existing governments in the rebel States $
and the exclusion of such States with such ille-
gal governments from representation in Con-
gress, and from voting on constitutional amend-
ments.
papers withdrawn.
On motion of Mr. MORGAN, it was
Ordered, That S. P. Todd, late a purserin the Uni-
ted States Navy, have leave to withdraw from the
files of the Senate his petition and papers, praying
for compensation for loss of clothing, &e., while on
board the St. Lawrence.
bills introduced.
Mr. PATTERSON asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to iatroduce a
bill (S. No. 454) for the relief of the widow of
Jacob Harmon; which was read twice by its
title.
Mr. PATTERSON. I desire the bill to go
to the Committee on Pensions.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will lie
on the table for the present, as the committees
have not yet been appointed.
Mr. PATTERSON also asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 4oo) for the relief of the widow of
Henry Fry ; which was read twice by its title
and ordered to lie on the table.
government advertising.
Mr. CRESWELL submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, directed to inform the Senate what
amount of money has been paid or ordered to be paid
since tho 18th day of May last to the several news-
papers printed and published in the District of Co-
lumbia foe advertising notices and proposals for each
of the Executive Departments of the Government;
and that i10 further inform the Senate of the number
and character of the advertisements for which said
money was paid, and the name of every officer of the
Government who approved each of the bills for said
advertisements or directed the same to bo paid; and
also that he inform the Senate when, and in what
manner, the extent of the circulation of the daily
newspapers printed in the city of Washington or
elsewhere in the District of Columbia was determined,
and that he furnish copies of the sworn statements
of the publishers of said newspapers in support of
their claim to have Che largest circulation.
french troops in mexico.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now move to take up
the resolution that I offered yesterday.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
read for information.
The Secretary read the resolution as follows:
Reivhed, That the President bo requested to com-
raunieate to this House, if in his opinion not incon-
sistent with the public interest, an>;correspondence
or other information in his possession in regard to
the following points; ,
1. Whether the French Emperor has complied with
his announcement toward the United States to with-
draw one third of tho French troops in Mexico during
the month of Koyember last.
