10
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 4,
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I will
withdraw the call fer the previous question
with that understanding.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Mr.
Speaker, this bill occupied the attention of the
Committee on Banking and Currency during
nearly six months of the last session of Con-
gress. I fear that if it is recommitted now it
will not receive, during this short session, that
consideration which its present status upon the
files of the House will be likely to secure it. I
think we are as competent to consider in the
House the recommendations made by the Sec-
retary of the Treasury in his report in connec-
tion with this bill as the Committee on Bank-
ing and Currency will be.
Therefore fearing that the reforms which the
bill, as reported at the last session, would ac-
complish m the banking system of the country
may not be enacted into a law if it is now re-
committed, I trust the House will not adopt
the motion of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts. If the gentleman is not ready to proceed
with the consideration of the bill at this time,
let it be postponed to some definite day, a
week or ten days hence, when the subject can
have full and fair consideration. I hope, there-
fore, the motion of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts will not prevail, but that the House
will postpone the subject to some future day.
I now renew the demand for the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. In order,
if possible, to meet the views of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Randall,] I will
modify my motion by adding to it that the
committee have leave to report at any time.
The SPEAKER. That will require unani-
mous consent, as the rules cannot be suspended
on this day.-
Mr. INGERSOLL. I call for the reading
of the bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Let the
bill be read that we may know what it is. "
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Why
should the time of the House*be taken up by
reading this bill ? It is a very long one, cov-
ering some twenty printed pages.
The Clerk commenced the reading of the
bill, but before concluding,
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio, moved to dispense
with the further reading.
The SPEAKER. That will require unani-
mous consent.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object.
The Clerk resumed the reading of the bill,
but before concluding,
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, said: I
ask that by unanimous consent the further
reading of the bill be dispensed with, in order
that I may move that the bill be postponed
until the third Tuesday of December, and made
the special order for that day after the morn-
ing hour. Upon consultation with several of
my colleagues upon the Committee on Banking
and Currency, I find that such a disposition of
the subject will be satisfactory.
No objection was made; and the further
reading of the bill was accordingly dispensed
with.
The bill was then postponed until Tuesday,
the 18th instant, and made the special order
for that day after the morning hour.
call of committers.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
now commenced. The first business in order
is the calling of committees for reports, com-
mencing with the Committee on Commerce,
where the call rested on yesterday.
pennsylvania judicial disxei8ts.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, reported back, with a recom-
mendation that it do not pass, House bill No.
65, to create the northern judicial district of
Pennsylvania, and moved that the same be
laid upon the table.
The inotion was agreed to.
CLAIMS AGAINSf THE GOVERNMENT.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the same committee,-
also imported back, with a recommendation
that it do not pass, House bill No. 576, to au-
thorize the employment of additional counsel
in cases of claims depending against the Gov-
ernment of the United States, and moved that
the same be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
FORFEITURE OF REAL estate.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the same committee,
also reported back, with a recommendation
that it do not pass, House joint resolution No.
12, to repeal a portion of the joint resolution
explanatory of an act to suppress insurrec-
tion, to punish treason and rebellion, to seize
and confiscate property of rebels, and for other
purposes, approved July 17, 18S2, and moved
that the same be laid upon the table.
The bill was laid upon the table, and the
report accompanying it was ordered to be
printed.
national currency.
Mr. TfILLIAMS, from the same committee,
reported back, with a recommendation that it
pass, a bill (H. R. No. 560) entitled "An act
to amend an act entitled 'An act to provide a
national currency secured by pledge of United
States bonds, and to provide for the circulation
and redemption thereof.' "
The SPEAKER. As this bill comes up for
consideration now, itwill be reported at length.
Mr. STEVENS. I suggest to my friend
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Williams] that it is
unnecessary to have this bill read now. Let
.it be postponed till some early day.
Mr. W1LLIAMS. Very well. I move that
the bill be postponed until Thursday of next
week, after the morning hour, be made a spe-
cial order for that time, and from day to day
until disposed of.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. PRICE. I move that the bill be or-
dered to be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
civil service of the united states.
Mr. JENCKES, from the select committee
on the civil service of the United States, re-
ported back abill (H. R. No. 673) entitled "An
act to regulate the civil service of the United
States, and to promote the efficiency thereof;"
which was read a first and second time, and,
on motion of Mr. Jenckes, ordered to be
printed, and recommitted.
call of states.
The SPEAKER proceeded, as the next
business in order, to call the States and Ter-
ritories, in inverse order, for the introduction
of resolutions and of bills on leave.
soldiers' bounties—pay of members.
Mr. COBB submitted the following resolu-
tion, on which he demanded the previous
question:
"Whereas sections twelve, thirteen, fourteen, fif-
teen, and sixteen of the act making appropriations
for sunary civil expenses of the Government for the
year ending June 30, 1867, and for other purposes,
approved July 28, 1866, which sections of said act
provide for the payment of an additional bounty to
certain soldiers of the Union Army, were prepared
and passed in greathaste, and wilbont duoexamina-
tion or consideration by the members of either House
of Congress, by reason of which the said sections are
believed to but illy express the will of Congress, are
partial in their application, and fall fer short of an
equalization of bounties; and whereas sections sev-
enteen and eighteen of said act, providing for an
increase of the pay of members of Congress, were
attached to said bill and adopted in great haste in
the closing hours of the session, receiving but a bare
majority of votes in a very thin House, and being
believed to be of questionable propriety as well in
substance as in form: Therefore,
Resolved, First, that the Committee on Military
Affairs be, and they arehereby, instructed to inquire
into the expediency of so amending said act as to
provide for the payment of an additional bounty to
all soldiers of the late volunteer forces of the United
States who served faithfully in the late war, have
been honorably discharged, and have not received
nor are entitled to rcceive more than $100 bounty
under previous laws; also of amending said act so
that the soldier shall not be deprived of its benefits
by reason of the accidental loss or destruction of
his certificate of honorable discharge without fault
on his part, and that the committee^ report by bill
or otherwise. /
i?esoJj)«i,S«oond, that the Committee on the Judi-
ciary be, and they are hereby, instructed to inquire
into the expediency of repealing so much of said act
as-provides for an increase of the pay of members of
Congress, and that they report by bill or otherwise.
The previous question was seconded and the>
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. COBB moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was agreed to ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid o'n
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
desertions of drafted men.
Mr. PAINE submitted the following res-
olution, on which he demanded the previous
question:
Resolved, That the Secretary of "War be directed to
communicate to this House the names of all persons
who, having been duly enrolled and drafted into the
military and naval service of thje United States-
failed to report to the proper authorities under such
draft, showing the districts and sub-districts in which
they were severally enrolled and drafted; also, the
names of all persons who. under the provisions of
the twenty-first section of the act entitled "An act
to amend the several acts heretofore passed to pro-
vide for enrolling and calling out the national forces,
and for other purposes," approved Marsh 3, 1865,
forfeited their rights of citizenship and their right
to become citizens, and became foreverincapable of
holding any office oftrust or profit under the United
States, or of exercising any right of citizens thereof,
by desertion from the military or naval service*
showing the residence, and the company and regi-
ment or shfp of each deserter,
The SPEAKER. This being a call for exec-
utive information, unanimous consent is neces-
sary for its consideration on this day.
Mr. ANCONA.- I object to its consideration
now. Let it lie over.
The SPEAKER. Objection being made to
its consideration, the resolution lies over under
the rule.
internal taxation.
Mr. PRICE introduced a bill to amend an
act entitled "An act to reduce internal taxa-
tion," &c., approved July 13, 1866; Which was
read a first and sccond time, and referred to
the Committee of Ways and Means.
michigan harbors.
Mr. FERRY submitted the following resolu-
tion ; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of making
appropriations tor such harbors on the western coas>c
of the State of Michigan as hare been surveyed by
the General Government the current year, upon offi-
cial report and estimates by the engineer depart-
ment of the amounts requisite for the same, and that
they report by bill or otherwise.
congress and the president.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I submit the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the President of the United States
is hereby respectfully requested to inform this House,
if in his opinion not incompatible with the public
interest, how near "the verge of the Government the
present body called a Congress" is at present; and if
it is not nearer the center then heformerly supposed.
[Laughter.]
Sir. ELDRIDGE demanded the yeas and
nays on the adoption of the resolution.
The*House divided; and there were—ayes
twenty.
Mr. LE BLOND called for tellers.
Tellers were not ordered; and the yeas and
nays were not ordered.
The resolution was then rejected.
response to this president.
Mr. "WENTWORTH submitted the follow-
ing resolution, and demanded the previous
question on its adoption:
Resolved, In response to that portion of the Presi-
dent's message which relates to those communities
that claimed to be the confederate States of Amcrica,
that this House find in the many acts of disloyalty
that have transpired in those communities since its
last adjournment, as well as in the recent elections
in the loyal States, additional reasons for insisting
on theadoption ofthe pending constitutional amend-
ment before it will consider the propriety of giving
them congressional representation.
'The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. ANCONA moved the resolution be laid
upon the table.
Mr. FINGK demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
