1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
11
The Question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 32, nays 119, not voting
40; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ancona. Bergen, Boyer, Campbell,
Chanler, Dawson, Eldridge, Finck, Glossbrenner,
Goodyear. Hale, Aaron Harding, Hise, Hunter, Kerr,
Latham, Le Blond, Niblack, Nicholson,Noell, Phelps,
Samuel J. Randall, Ritter, Rogers; Rousseaa, Shank-
lin, Sitgreaves, Strouae, Xaber, Nelson baylor, Trim-
ble; and Andrew H  Ward—32.
' NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Anderson,
Arnell* James M. Ashley, Baker, Baldwin, Banks,
Bearaan, Benjamin, Bidwell, Bingham, Blaine, Blow,
Boutwcll, Brandegee, Brorawell, Broomall, Buck-
k land, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Cook,
 Cullom, Darling, Dawes, Defrees, Deming, Dixon,
Dodee, Donnelly. Eckley, Eggleston, Eliot, Farns-
worth, Farquhar, Ferry, Garfield, Grinnell, Griswold,
Abner C. Harding, Ilarfc, Hayes. Henderson, Higby,
Hill, Holmes, Hooper^Chester D. Hubbard, John H.
Hubbard, James B. Hubbell, Hulburd, ingersoll,
J«nokes, Julian, Kasson, Kelley, Keteham, Koontz,
Kuykendalh Lafiin, George V. Lawrence, William
Lawrence, Loan, Lynch, Maynard, McClurg, Mcln-
doe, McKee, McRuer, Mereur, Miller, Moorhead,
Merrill, Morris, Moulton, Myers, Newell, O'Neill,
Orth, Paine, Patterson, Perham, Pike, Plants, Pom-
croy, Price, William H. Randall, Alexander H.
Rice, John H. Rice, Rollins, Sawyer, Schenck, Sco-
field, Shellabarger, Sloan, Spalding, Starr> Stevens,
Stokes, Thayer, Francis Thomas* John L. Thomas,
Trowbridge,> Upson, Yan Aemam, Robert T. Van
Horn, Hamilton Ward, Warner, Elihu B. Wash-
burne, Henry D. Washburn, Wentworth, Whaiey,
Williams, JamesF. Wilson,Stephen F. Wilson,Win-
dom, and Woodbridge—119.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Delos R. Ashley, Barker,
~ * '* ~ ~ *
D«
Hoganv  ,     „
bard, Edwin N. Hubbell, Humphrey, Johnson, Jones,
*'"I Auvvuiiuugu, U., U1UUU, ivl'foj DUln Oil,
Nathaniel G. Taylor, Thornton, Burt Van Horn, Wil-
liamB. Washburn, Welker,Winfield, and Wright—40.
So the resolution was not laid upon the table.
The Resolution was then adopted.
Mr. WENTWORTH moved to reconsider
the vote by which the resolution was adopted;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JAMES T. POLLOCK.
Mr. ORTH introduced a bill for the relief of
the sureties of James T. Pollock, late receiver
at Crawfordsville, Indiana; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims.
GOVERNMENT OF MEXICO.
Mr. ORTH offered th'e following resolution:
Resolved, That the President be requested to com-
municate to this House, if not incompatible with the
public interest, any correspondence or other infor-
mation in his possession relative to the attempt of
Santa Anna and Ortega to organize armed expedi-
tions Within the United States for the purpose of
overthrowing the national governmentof the repub-
lic of Mexico.
The resolution being a call for executive
information, was considered by unanimous
consent and agreed to.
PAT OF A MEMBER.
Mr. FARQUHAR offered the following
resolution, and demanded the previous ques-
tion thereon:
Resolved, That the Sergeant-at-Arms be, and he
is hereby, ordered to allow, on settlement of the
account of Hon. Henry D. Washburn, the same pay
allowed other members of the House, deducting
therefrom the amount of "nis pay and allowances
received from the Government while in the military
service, from the 3d of Starch, 1865, to the date of his
discharge.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. FARQUHAR moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was agreed to; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
EQUALIZATION OF BOUNTIES.
Mr. JULIAN introduced a bill to equalize
the bounties to soldiers and sailors who served
in the Army and Navy of the United States dur-
ing the late rebellion; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs.
HARBOR IMPROVEMENTS.
MS SPALDING introduced a bill for the
protection of Government piers, breakwaters,
and other harbor itjjprovements; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
RUFUS C. SPALDING;
Mr, SPALDING introduced a bill for the
relief of Rufus C. Spalding, paymaster in the
United States Navy; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
NAVY-YARD AT CLEVELAND.
Mr. SPALDING introduced a bill to pro-
vide for a navy-yard and naval station for the
Upper lakes, at Cleveland; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
COLUMBUS L. LANCASTER.
On motion of Mr. SCHENCK, by unani-
mous consent, leave was granted to withdtfaw
the papers of Columbus L. Lancaster, asking
compensation for certain slaves, in order that
the same may be used before the commission
created under the law on the subject.
PAY OF MEMBERS.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, introduced a
bill to repeal so much of the aet of Congress
approved July 28, 1866, as increases the com-
Bensation of Senators, Representatives, and
'elegates in Congress; which was read a first
and second time, and referred tp the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary.
Mr. SCHENCK introduced the following as
an amendment to the foregoing bill; which was
referred to the same committee:
And all payments made to members of Congress in
accordance with the aforesaid clause so r'epealed,
shall be returned by the parties who reeeived the
same to the proper disbursing officers, to be by them
paid into the Treasury of the United States; and no
member who has not already drawn such additional
compensation shall receive the same.
MILEAGE OF MEMBERS.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, introduced a bill
to reduce the mileage of members of Congress;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
TERRITORIAL GOVERNMENTS FOR THE SOUTH.
Mr. BROOMALL.offered the following res-
olution, and demanded the previous question
thereon:
jResolved, That the Committee on Territories be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of reporting
a bill providing territorial governments for the sev-
eral districts of country within the jurisdiction of the
UnitedStates,formerly occupied by the once existing
States of Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina,
Georgia, Florida, Mississippi, Alabama, Louisiana,
Arkansas, and Texas, and giving to all adult male
inhabitants, born within the limits of the United
States, or duly naturalized, and not participants in
the late rebellion, full and equal political rights in
such territorial governments.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. SPALDING and Mr. NIBLACK
demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 107, nays 37, not voting
47; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Anderson,
Arnell, Ashley, Baldwin, Banks, Barker, Beaman,
Bidwell, Bingham, Blow, Boutwell, Brandegee,
Bromwell, Broomall, Buckland, Bundy, Reader W.
Eliot, Farnsworth, Farquhar, Ferry, Garfield, Grin-
nell, Griswold, Abner U. Harding, Hart, Hawkins,
Hayes, Henderson, Higby, Hill, Holmes, Hooper,
John H. Hubbard, James R. Hubbell, Ingersoll,
Jenekes, Julian, Kasson. Kelley, Koontz, Laflin,
George V. Lawrence, William Lawrence, Loan,
Lynch, Maynard, McClurg, McKee, McUuer, Mereur,
Miller, Moorhead, Morrill, Morris, Moulton, Myers,
Newell. O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Patterson, Pernam,
Pike, Plants, Pomeroy, Price, Alexander H. Rice,
John H. Rice, Kollins, Schenck, Scofield, Shellabar-
fer, Sloan, Starr, Stevens, Stokos, Thayer, Trow-
ridgo, Upson, Van Aernam, Robert T. Van Horn,
Hamilton Ward, Warner, Elihu B. Washburne,
Henry D. Washburn, William B. Washburn, Went-
worth, Williams, James F. Wilson, Stephen F. Wil-
son, Windom, and Wright—107.
NAYS—Messrs. Ancona, Baker, Bergen, Boyer,
Campbell, Chanler, Dawson, Dodge, Eldridge, Finck,
Glossbrenner, Goodyear, Hale, Chester D. Hubbard,
Hunter, Kerr, Kuykendall, Latham, Le Blond, Nib-
lack, Nicholson, Noell, Phelps. Samuel J. Randall,
Raymond, Bitter, Rogers, RouSieau, Sbanldin, Sit-
freaves, Spalding, Stilwell. Strouse, Taber, Nelson
aylor, Trimble, and AndrewTI. Ward—37.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Delos R. Ashley, Baxter,
Benjamin, Blaine, Conkling, Cooper, Culver, Davis,
Hubbard, Demas Hubbard, Edwin N, Hubbell, Hill-1
bnrd, Humphrey, Johnson, Jones, Kelso, Keteham,
Leftwieh, Longyear, Marshall, Marston, Marvin,
McCullough, Melndoe, Radford, William H. Ran-
dall, Ross, Sawyer, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Francis
Thomas, John L.Thomas, Thornton, Burt Van Horn,
Welker, Whaiey, Winfield, and Woedbridge—47.
So the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by Which the resolution was
adopted; and also moved to lay the motion to
reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
COMMITTEE ON RECONSTRUCTION.
Mr. STEYENS. I offer the following con-
current resolution, upoil which I demand the
previous question:
Resolved, (the Senate concurring,) That the joint
committee of fifteen on reconstruction appointed
during the last session of Congress shall be reap-
pointed under the sameniles and regulations as then
existed, and that all the documents and reflations
which were referred then be now considered as re-
ferred to them anew.
Mr. BINGHAM. I desir« to know whether
under the rules of the House that committee
does not continue until the close of the Con-
gress ?
The SPEAKER. It does not; a joint-select
committee expires with the session.
The previous question was seconded and
the mam question ordered, being upon the
adoption of the resolution.
Mr. ELDRIDGE demanded the yeas and
nays on the adoption of the resolution, and
tellers on the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordercfk
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
RAILROADS.
Mr. STEYENS submitted the followingres-
olution'; which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That a committee of fivobe appointed to
examine into and report to the House of Represent-
atives at the next session of Congress the past and
present relations existing between the Federal Gov-
ernment and the railroads in States lately in rebel-
lion, the amount of money expended by United
States authorities in constructing, repairing, equip-
ping, and managing said roads, tho amount of money
each of said railroad companies was owing to the
Government, and all other facts that may be doomed
of importance in connection with the subject; and
they snail also reportwhat, in their opinion, would bo
the proper course to be taken by the Government in
regard to such railroads or railroad companies. The
committee shall be authorized to send for persons
and papers, and when thought necessary by them,
may employ a clerk, and may rep^t progress at any
time.
APPOINTMENT OF POSTMASTERS.
Mr. DRIGGS. I ask leave, not having been
in my seat when my State was called, to offer
the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Postmaster General be, and is
hereby, requested to communicate to tho House tho
following information:
1. The number and names of all postmasters in
■each of the States that havejjeen removed since the
adjournment of the last session of Congress.
2. The reasons in the case of each officer so re-
moved.
3. Tho names of all new appointoes.
4. Whether the salaries of any or all of the new
appointees have been increased over that of their
PEedeoessors, and if so, to what extent in each case,
and for what reasons, and to what sumssuch increase
will amount in the aggregate.
Mr. ANCONA. That resolution is a call
for gxocutive information. I ask that it lie
over for one day.
The SPEAKER. The resolution will lie
over.
Mr. DRIGGS. Cannot the Speakeffenter-
tain a motion to suspend the rules?
The SPEAKER. A motion to suspend the
rales is only in order on Mondays. The res-
