1867.
THE CONGKIiSSION/L GLOBE.
775
several years past; and yet the railroad iron
manufacturers are more prosperous to-day than
the manufacturers of other articles of iron. If
not prosperous they are at least not clamor-
ous. Why is it? Because they have con-
tented themselves; they have gone to work,
and expect by economizing to make money.
They seem to be satisfied with the tariff as it
is; but other iron manufactures are continually
increasing, and this tariff is an increase over
the last of from twenty-five to forty per cent.
The railroad iron manufacturer knows that the
western people will not consent to an increase,
and he has made up his mind "to economize,
and to make money according to the ruling
prices of everything at present. Contentment
is a fortune and the railroad iron man is doubly
fortunate.
Now, Mr. President, I hope that the Sena-
tor from Maine and the committee will con-
sent to this postponement, because I am quite
well satisfied if the committee insist on pass-
ing the bill at present this course will not be
adopted. Nothing that I can say on the sub-
ject will have any influence, I do not know
that it ought to have any influence ; but if in
an awkward and unpremeditated way I have
presented some facts that should have consid-
eration I am content.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, this
bill has b5fen dragging on for a great while,
and we do not seem to be any nearer to the
end of it than we were some time ago. For
three evenings successively I have been left
here without a quorum, and I suppose that
state of things is to continue. If the Senate
mean to pass this bill, in which the majority
of them seem to be so very deeply interested, I
think it would be well to adopt a little different
system. Now, after we get into the Senate all
these amendments can be moved just exactly
as well as in Committee of the Whole. The
result is, that if we keep moving amendments
here and making speeches upon them, it will
just double the time and the labor that will be
expended. I suggest, therefore, to Senators
who have amendments that they desire to move
to the bill whether it would not be as well
to take the bill into the Senate, and after we
have acted in the ordinary form upon those
amendments which have been adopted in Com-
mittee of the Whole, then every Senator can
offer his amendments in the first instance there
just as well as in committee, and save us a
good deal of time. If that is done I shall be
able to accommodate the wishes of Senators
who desire to have an executive session this
evening. The bill will then be out of commit-
tee and we can take it up on Monday, when I
hope it may be finished. I suggest this for the
purpose of expediting business, and I hope that
the Senate will agree to it. After the pending
amendment has been disposed of one way or
the other, I suggest that the bill'be taken out
of committee and into the Senate, and I will
then yield to the motion to go into executive
session; otherwise I shall be obliged to con-
tinue. This way of moving amendments twice,
once in committee and once in the Senate, is
very burdensome and takes up a great deal of
time. Ibelievethereis an amendment pending
which must first be disposed of.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Kentucky.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I supposed it was the
intention of the Senator from Maine to close
this bill to-night, and I think he might just as
well do it.
Mr. HENDERSON. That cannot be done.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should be very glad
to do it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I will cheerfully stay
here until we close the bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. But gentlemen would
not be willing to stay here after twelve o'clock,
as it is Saturday night, and we should then find
ourselves still not out of committee witli these
numerous amendments and all these speeches:
and I will say to the Senator that if he had stayed
here so as to make a quorum the three last
nights, and enabled us to go on with business
we should not be in the position we are now.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I stayed here to keep
a quorum every evening until yesterday.
Mr. FESSENDEN. And I suppose some-
body else stayed every evening but the night
before.
Mr. HENDRICKS. And on yesterday even-
ing at half past five o'clock I left. -But sup-
posing that the Senator intended to bring the
bill to a vote to night, I am prepared now to
stay with him.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I would have tried
very hard last night if the Senator had stayed.
Mr. HENDRICKS. And I will now cheer-
fully go on with the bill until we bring it to a
close. I do not suppose there will be very
much general debate upon it.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. Is the Sen-
ate ready for the question on the amendment
proposed by the Senator from Kentucky ?
Mr. DAVIS. I will say a word or two on
this amendment.
Mr. GRIMES. I suggest to the Senator
that he can offer his amendment in the Senate
when the bill is reported, and make his re-
marks then.
Mr. DAVIS. I have no objection to allow-
ing the question to be taken on my amendment
now, and making the few remarks which I in-
tend to make upon it in the Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If it should not be
adopted now, the Senator can move it again
in the Senate and take the yeas and nays upon
it, if he desires to do so at that time.
The amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
The amendment of the Committee on Fi-
nance, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Now let the bill be
reported to the Senate, if there be no objec-
tion.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is, Will the Senate concur *in the
amendment made as in Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. GRIMES. Now,_ I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of executive
"business *
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope the Senator will
allow me to make a report, which will take but
a, moment.
Mr. GRIMES. I withdraw the motion for
that purpose.
presidential term '
OFFICE.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred a joint resolu-
tion (S. R. No. 33) proposing an amendment
to the Constitution of the United States so as
to limit the tenure of office of the President to
one term, have instructed me to report the
resolution back to the Senate with an amend-
ment. •
Mr. WADE. I wish to give notice to tfre
Senate that I shall avail myself of the first op-
portunity to call up that resolution and have it
acted upon. I hope it will not be debated
long, and 1 do not believe it will be, because
the subject has been so long before the public
that everybody's mind is made up upon it,
and I am anxious it should pass while the
State Legislatures are in session that they may
adopt it.
pension agents.
Mr. LANE. The committee of conference
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on
the bill (S. No. 69) to provide for the payment
of pensions, having met, after full and free
conference have agreed on a report which I
now present. They recommend:
That the Senate recede from tlieir first amend-
ment to the amendment of the House and aarree to
the same with an amendment, as follows: strike out
the word "October" and insert "July;" and strike
out all after the word " nety in line eleven of the
House amendment to the end of said amendment.
That tho Senate recede from their second amend-
ment to the amendment of tho House, and in lieu
thereof agree to insert tlie words: "and the commis-
sions of all other pension agents now in office shall
continue for four years from the passage of this act,
unless such, agents are sooner removed."
The only important change from the bill as
it stood by the action of the Senate, effected by
this report is to strikeout "October, 1860"
and insert "July, 1866," making the last pro-
vision go back three months. The otheramend-
ment is as to'the power of the President.to re-
move these officers at his discretion, providing
that the officers shall continue in office for four
years unless sooner removed. That is inserted
out of abundant caution. We supposed he
had the power under existing laws.
Mr. SUMNER. If I understand the opera-,
tion of this bill now, it vacates certain offices
from the 1st of July, 1866.
Mr. LANE. Yes, sir; that is it.
The report was concurred in.
message from the house.
A message from the House, by Mr. Lloyd,
its Chief Clerk, announced that the House had
passed the following bills of the Senate:
A bill^S. No. 16) for the relief of Josiah O.
Armes;
A bill (S. No. 410) for the relief of Solomon
P. Smith;
A bill (S. No. 446) for the relief of George
W. Fish; and
A bill (S. No. 511) for the relief of Mrs.
Mary E. Finney, widow of First Lieutenant
Solon H. Finney, late of the sixth regiment
Michigan cavalry.
The message further announced that the
House had passed the following Senate bills,
with amendments, in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate:
Abill (S: No. 4-54) for the relief of the widow
of Jacob Harmon;
A bill (S. No. 455) for the relief of the
widow of Henry Frye; and
A bill (S. No. 476) for the relief of William
A. Hinshaw and Jacob M. Hinshaw, minor
children of Jacob M. Hinshaw. deceased.
The message further announced that the
House had receded from its amendment to the
bill (S. No. 253) to incorporate the " First
Congregational Society of Washington."
The message further announced that the
House had agreed to the amendments of the
Senate to the amendments of the House to the
bill (S. No. 380) to incorporate the Washing-
ton County Horse Railroad Company in the
District of Columbia.
The message further announced that the
House had passed the following bills and joint
resolutions, in which it requested the concur-
rence of the Senate: „
A bill (H. R. No*. 1051) for the relief of
Henry P. Blanchard;
A bill (H. R. No. 1052) granting a pension
to Mrs. Jane Clements;
A bill (H. R. No. 1053) granting an in-
creased pension to John J. Sohan ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1054) for the relief of
Hiram Hedriclc;
A bill (H. R. No. 1050) for the relief of
John Moreau, of Machias, New York;
A bill (H. R. No. 1056) for the relief of
Lemuel Worster;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 246) for the
relief of Townsend Harris ; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 247) for the
relief of James Keenan.
enbolled bills signed.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the enrolled
joint resolution (S. No. 112) for the relief of
Mrs. Abby Green ; and it was thereupon signed
by the President pro tempore of the Senate.
widow of jacob iiar5ion.
Mr. PATTERSON. The House of Repre-
sentatives have just returned to us three little
pension bills, with some verbal amendments,
inserting the Christian names of the parties;
and I hope the Senate will indulge me in act-
ing upon those amendments at once. It will
take but a moment to dispose of them. _1 will
first move to take up Senate bill No. 454, for
the relief of the widow of Jacob Harmon.
