1.867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
m
port of Canton, in China, from February 22,
1858, to the 1st of July, 1860, the sum of
$2,354 24. ' • '
The report was read.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly' read the third time, and passed.
Mr. PATTERSON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MRS. L. IIOOTON.
Mr. PERHAM, from the Committee on
Invalid Pensions, reported adversely upon the
application of Mrs. L. .Houton for a pension ;
which was laid upon the table.
ALLEN WILSON.
Mr. PERHAM, from the Committee on
Invalid Pensions, also reported back, with a
recommendation that it do not pass, House
bill No. 1038, for the relief of Allen Wilson, of
"Wilson county, Tennessee ; and the same was
laid upon the table.
INCREASE OF PENSIONS.
On motion of Mr. PERHAM, the Committee
on Invalid Pensions were discharged fro.m the
further consideration of the memorial of (gen-
eral C. W. Van Wyck, of Orange county, New
York, asking that pensions may be increased,
and the laws so modified that persons entitled
thereto may obtain the same with less delay
find perplexity than at present; and the same
was laid upon the table.
MRS. LYDIA WINTER.
Mr. PERHAM. I ask that the Committee
on Invalid Pensions be discharged from the
further consideration of the petition of Mrs.
Lydia Winter for a pension, and that the same
be laid upon the table.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I would ask the gen-
tleman from Maine [Mr. PerhamJ what are
the grounds for reporting against this petition.'
Mr. PERHAM. The subject of the memo-
rial'is embraced in the provisions of a general
law.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I think this case of
Mrs. Winter is a meritorious one, and I would
like to have the committee consider it still
farther.
Mr. PERHAM. Very well; I will with-
draw the report in this case for the present.
The report was accordingly withdrawn.
SOLOMON P. SMITH.
Mr. PERHAM, from the same committee",
also reported back Senate bill No. 410, for the
relief of Solomon P. Smith, with the recom-
mendation that it do pass.
The bill provides that there shall be paid to
Solomon P. Smith, late a captain in the'one
hundred and fifteenth regiment of New York
volunteers, out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated, the sum of $260
for his pension from the 14th of January, 1865,
when he was mustered out of the service, until
the loth of February; 1866, the date of the
filing of his application for a pension with the
Commissioner of Pensions.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
Mr. PERHAM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ItEUBEN CL0CGII.
Mr. PERHAM, from the same committee,
also reported back adversely Senate bill No.
171, for the relief of Reuben Clough, and
moved that it be laid upon the table.
The motion was agreed to.
WILLIAJI A. HINSHAW AND J. 51. IIINSIIAW.
Mr. PERHAM, from the same committee,
also reported back Senate bill No. 476, for the
relief of William A. Hinshaw and Jacob M.
Hinshaw, of Green county, Tennessee, with
the recommendation that it do pass, with an
amendment.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior
to place the names of William A. Hinshaw
and Jacob M. Hinshaw, minor children of
Jacob M. Hinshaw, of Green county, Tennes-
see, upon the pension-roll at the rate of eight
dollars per month, to commence on the 27th
of November, 1866, and to continue until they
severally obtain sixteen years of age.
The amendment of the committee was to
strike out all" after the word "roll" in the
seventh line, and insert in lieu thereof:
Subject to the privileges and limitations of the
pension laws in regard to orphan children, to com-
mence 27t'h November, 1866.
The amendment was agreed to ; and the bill
as amended was ordered to a third reading;
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
Mr. PERHAM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PETER ANDERSON.
Mr. PERHAM, from the same committee,
also reported back adversely Senate* bill No.
79, for the relief of P^ter Anderson, and
moved that it be laid upon the table.
The motion was agreed to.
MRS. BARBARA TRY.
Mr. PERHAM, from the same committee,
also reported back Senate bill No. 455, for the
relief of the widow of Henry Pry, with amend-
ments.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior
to place the name of Mrs. Henry Fry upon the
pension-roll, at the rate of eight dollars per
month, to commence the 27th of November,
1861, and to continue during Ber widowhood.
The committee's amendments were "to. strike
out " Mrs. Henry Fry" and insert "Mrs. Bar-
bara Fry," and to amend the title so as to read,
"A bill for the relief of Mrs. Barbara Fry."
The amendments were agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to a third
reading; and it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. PERHAM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ADVERSE REPORTS.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York, from the same
committee, reported back the following ad-
versely ; and the same were laid upon the table.
Petition of William McBryan, of Jay county,
Indiana, for a pension.
House bill No. 955, for the relief of John B.
Cothran, of Tennessee.
MRS. JANE CLEMENTS.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky, from the
same committee, reported a bill granting a
pension to Mrs. Jane Clements; which was
read a first and second time.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior
to place the name of Mrs. Jane Clements, of
the District of Columbia, widow of Ignatius
Clements, deceased, upon the pension-roll at
the rate of eight dollars per month during her
widowhood, to commence on the 1st of August.
1864, the date of her husband's death: aad it
also provides she shall have the benefits of
the second section of the act approved July
25, I860, in regard to minor children of de-
ceased soldiers, if she shall show, to the satis-
faction of the Commissione^on Pensions that
she has such minor child or children as will
entitle her to the same.
The bill was* ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JOHN J.SOilfJf.
Jlr,. HARDING, .of Kentucky, from the
same committee, a&p reported a -bill .granting
an inG^easftd pension tp John J. which
was read a first and second time.
The bill allows John J. Soha,)), conse-
quence of total blindness resulting from disease
contracted i i the liiw of $uty as a twine in
the United States Navy, a pension of twpaty-
five dollars per month, _ to cpm.mence '16th
August, 1866., and to continue during said disa-
bility ; and to be in lieu of the peiision heretp-
fore allowed.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to,
ADVERSE REPORTS.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky, from the
same committee, made an adverse report on
House bill No, 870, for the relief of Charles
McCijrty; which was laid on the table, aad
order&d to b.e printed.
Mr. LEFTWICH, from the same committee,
made an adverse report on the memorial of
George H. Finley for a pension ; also on th«
memorial of Lewis M. Lupkett, a soldier dur-
ing the Mexican war, asking for a pension;
also on the petition of James Fresa.te; which
were severally laid pa the table and ordered to
be printed.
HIJtAM UEDRICIy.
M-r. LEFTWICH, from the same commit-
tee, reported a bill for the relief of Hiram
Hedrick; which was read a first and second
time.
The bill,authorizes the payment of a pension
at the rate of twenty-five dollars per month in
lieu of the pension now received.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. LEFTWICH moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed;, and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ADVERSE REPORTS.
Mr. VAN AERNAM, from the same com-
mittee, made an adverse report on the petition
of J. M. Miller ; which was laid on the table,
and ordered to be printed.
Also on the petition of Henry Coleman, late
seaman on board the United States steamer
McClellan ; which was laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed.
MELINDA HARMON.
Mr. VAN AERNAM,' from the same com-
mittee, reported back Senate bill No. 454, for
the relief of the widow of Jacob Harmon, with
an amendment.
The bill authorizes the Secretary of the Inte-
rior to place the uame of Mrs. Jacob Harmon^
of Greene county, Tennessee, on the pension-
roll at eight dollars per month, commencing
from the 7th of December, 1861, and to con-
tinue during her widowhood.
The amendment reported by the committee
was to strike out the words " Mrs. Jacob " and
insert " Melinda," and to insert the words
" widow of Jacob Harmon."
The amendment was agreed to ; and the bill,
as amended, was ordered to be read a third
time; and was accordingly read- the third time,
and passed.
The title of the bill was a.meoded by striking
out the words "the widow of Jacob" aad
inserting " Melinda."
Mr.VAN AERNAMmovedto reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed and the title
amended; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion,was-agrced to*
