14
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 5,
Treasury to deliver to private olaimants therefor,
without judicial proceedings, property, or the pro-
ceeds of property, seized by theUnited States as cap-
tured or abandoned during or since the late rebel-
lion, and report by bill or otherwise.
chaeles clark.
Mr. FESSBNDEN. I desire to introduce a
joint resolution for the relief of Charles Clark,
marshal of the United States for the district
of Maine. The resolution is to authorize the
Secretary of the Interior to allow, in the settle-
ment and adjustment of Mr. Clark's accounts,
for a sum of money that was burnt and de-
stroyed in the safe in the marshafs office at
Portland during the great fire there. I should
like to call the attention particularly of the
Committee on the Judiciary to it. I propose
to refer it to that committee, as it relates to
money connected with the judicial department
of the Government. I move that it be referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
There being no objection, leave was granted
to introduce a joint resolution (S. E. No. 146)
for the relief of Charles Clark, marshal of the
United States for the district of Maine: which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
power op amnesty and pardon.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move now to take
from the table House bill No. 828, to repeal
section thirteen of an act to suppress insur-
rection, to punish treason and rebellion, to
geize and confiscate the property of rebels, and
for other purposes, approved July 17, 1862.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill was
read twice by its title.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
is before the Senate as in Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that it be re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope the bill will not
be referred to that committee or any other.
The bill is very simple indeed, and very brief.
The section proposed to be repealed is in these
words:
" Sec. 13. And be it further enacted. That the Presi-
dent is hereby authorized at any time hereafter, by
proclamation, to extend to persons who may have
participated in the existing rebellion in any State or
part thereof, pardon and amnesty, with such excep-
tions and at such time and on such conditions as he
may deem expedient for the public welfare."
The repeal of that section simply takes away
all power of amnesty and pardon from the
President except what he possesses under the
Constitution. The House of Representatives
by the very decided vote of 111 to 39 suspended
the rules and passed the bill in the first half hour
of their session. If there is any member of this
body who does not understand just what that
thirteenth section means, I advise him to get a
dictionary and attempt to comprehend it, after
taking a small edition of Webster; that will be
large enough. It simply takes from the Presi-
dent all power of amnesty and pardon except
what the Constitution gives him. If he has
the power of pardon before conviction, under
the Constitution, it leaves it there. If he can
only pardofl after conviction, it leaves it there.
It leaves the President with the powers that
the Constitution gives him, no more and no
less. The country understands this question,
and I believe every member of the Senate
understands it, and I shall ask for the yeas and
nays on the reference.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do not rise to take
part in this discussion on the subject of the
reference of this measure, although I concur
in the views which were expressed yesterday
by the honorable Senator from Illinois, [Mr.
Trumbull.] I simply rise to say that I sup-
po e by some inadvertence, whoever reported
the debate of yesterday, not for the Globe, but
for one of th# newspapers published in this
citj, has fallen evidently into a mistake and
has stated that I took part in the discussion.
I suppose the reporter mistook' my colleague
for myself. I have no doubt it was intended
for Senator Howe, 'my colleague from_ Wis-
consin, because I took no part in the discus-
sion. It ia but jiust to myself that I should
say that I concur in the opinion which was
expressed by the Senator from Illinois as to
the propriety of referring so important a ques-
tion as this to some committee of the body.
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. President, as I udder-
stand this proposition, if compelled to vote to-
day, I shall feel disposed to vote in favor of the
passage of the bill. When it shall be reported
back from the Judiciary Committee, with the
sanction of that committee, I h§,ve no question
that I shall vote for it; but I am not to be de-
terred by the threat of the call fof the yeas
and nays which the Senator from Michigan
has given notice of from insisting upon a strict
enforcement of the rules of the Senate, unless
there shall be some more substantial reason
given for overthrowing those rules than has
yet been assigned. I should like to know why
it is that it is necessary that we should in such
hot haste pass this bill. Does the Senator or
any gentleman suppose that it is going to have
any more influence with the country at large
because we, in a fit of temper, as they will
judge, choose to pass this bill the first hour of
the session, than if we shall detain it in the
hands of the Committee on the Judiciary one
day or two days, and have the authority and
sanction and the weight of character which will
be. given to it by the action and recommenda-
tion of that committee ? I apprehend not, sir.
As was said here yesterday by a Senator
near me, [Mr. Fessenden,] we have upon sev-
eral occasions, during the eight or nine years
that I have been here, passed bills in hot haste
without a reference to a committee, as it is
proposed to pass this bill, and in almost every
such instance we have found that we have per-
petrated some wrong, some mistake, and were
afterward compelled to take the back track.
I do not know with what haste we passed the
bill one section of which it is now proposed to
repeal: I only know that we did pass it and
that I voted for it. I am satisfied now that we
ought not to have incorporated it into that
bill; but I want to have the authority of the
committee of this body whose business it is to
investigate such subjects to ratify and confirm
my present impression in regard to it. If it is
feared that the President will issue a general
proclamation of amnesty, let me ask, does this
action deny him the power to do it? After
we pas's this bill by a unanimous vote, if the
Senate should pass it by such a vote, he will
have the power to retain it under the Consti-
tution for ten days in his hands, and during
those ten days I apprehend it would not be
denied that he could issue his proclamation if
he chose to do it.
Mr. President, I fear that the country will
regard that this is rather an incitement to the
President to do something of the kind, that it
will be invoking the exercise of some such
power on his part, rather than any very great
display of wisdom and prudence and states-
manship on our part.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, it is a
notorious fact, as notorious as the records of a
court, that pardons have been for sale around
this town, for sale by women, and more than
one woman. The records of your court in
the District of Columbia show this. Any
Senator who desires that disgraceful business
to go on of course desires that this clause shall
remain ; any Senator who desires to stop that
disgraceful business, desires that the clause
shall be instantly repealed. This is a matter
of public record, a matter that every man knows
who has read the newspapers, or examined the
records of your courts, and I have it from one
of the judges of the court of this District that
such is the fact. No nation was ever so dis-
graced as this nation has been by this public
sale of pardons, and that under the clause of
the law which 1 have read to this body.
Of course the bill is in the hands of the Sen-
ate. If they desire to send it to a committee
and delay the repeal of that clause, let them
send it to a committee or let them lay it on the
table, or let them refuse to vote at all upon it.
I want to see it pass. I want this disgraceful
business stopped, and stopped here and now.
I deny that I have anymore excitement than I
ought to have when such an outrage as this is
being perpetrated under my eyes and under
the eyes of every member of this body. I hope
the Senate will not send it to any committee,
but will pass it with the same promptitude that
it was passed by the House of Representatives.
Mr. HENDERSON. Mr. President, yes-
terday I voted to take up this bill, but with a
view when taken up of moving, unless some
member of the committee himself should do
so, to refer it to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary. I know, of course, nothing about the
facts referred to by the Senator from Michi-
gan ; nor do I apprehend that the passage of
the bill now pending before the Senate would
have any very good effect to do away with the
difficulty that he suggests. The clause of the
act of July 17, 1862, now proposed to be
repealed, only authorized the President by
public proclamation to grant amnesty to per-
softs engaged in the rebellion, and the com-
plaint that the Senator makes now is that pri-
vate pardons, as I understand him, are being
hawked around through the city. The repeal
of the provision contemplated will do no good
at all, but will increase, if possible, the diffi-
culty that he refers to. It is not that the Pres-
ident has offered amnesty by public proclama-
tion, but that he is pardoning individual cases
that he ought not to pardon, as I understand
the objection of the Senator from Michigan.
Now, Mr. President, I am not prepared to
say how I shall vote after an examination of
this subject; but I wish to assure the Senator
from Michigan that it is not a question of such
easy solution as he imagines. Some time dur-
ing the last session of Congress I had occasion
to look somewhat into this very question, and
it is one of exceeding doubt in my mind whether
the act of 1862 in this respect conferred any
additional power upon the President; whether
the President's power would not be equally
great ijnder the Constitution without the act of
1862 as it is with it. I am not prepared to say
that such is the fact; but I am not prepared to
say on the other hand that such is not the fact.
One of the most important inquiries to be
made in this case is, whether the President, by
virtue of the Constitution, can make public
proclamation of amnesty at all. If so, it would
be wholly unnecessary for us to repeal this pro-
vision of the act of 1862. Another very im-
portant question arises, whether a separate cer-
tificate of pardon granted in an individual case
restores the property not already taken away
from the individual. That is an important
question, and one that was very learnedly dis-
cussed in the Supreme Court of the United
States by the Senator who sits before me, [Mr.
Johnson,] who held, I believe, the position that
a pardon granted at any time restored an indi-
vidual to all the rights that he had before.
Mr. JOHNSON. Not disposed of.
Mr. HENDERSON. Even where a suit had
been commenced for the confiscation of prop-
erty, if there had been no judgment of con-
fiscation, the Senator held that the property
reverted to the individual after pardon. In
other words, that all the rights which had not
been taken entirely from the individual by a
decree of a court resulted back to him as a
necessary consequence of the pardon.
That is a very important question to be con-
sidered, and I think that the proper place for
this bill is the Committee on the J udiciary. I
desire that this question shall be settled by
that very learned committee. It is the proper
place for the bill to go, and I really do not see
the necessity of immediate action in the prem-
ises unless there be fear upon the part of the
Senate that the President designs issuing a
proclamation of amnesty to all the southern
rebels. I have not heard any intimation of
that sort, and I apprehend that he does not
design anything of that character; perhaps he
does not design to enlarge the privileges of
pardon beyond what is contained in his am-
nesty proclamation of May, 1865. I apprehend
not; but if there be any fears of that character,
it might be well for the Senate bo to say, and
