778
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26,
john moreatt.
Mr. VAN AERNAM, from the same com-
mittee, reported back a bill for the relief of
John Moreau, of Machias, New York, with a
recommendation that it do pass.
The bill directs the payment of a pension at
eight dollars per month daring his natural life.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. VAN AERNAM moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ADVERSE REPORTS.
Mr. STILWELL, from the same commit-
tee, made an adverse report on the petition of
Louisa McCarty, widow of Eli McCarty, late
captain in the United States Army, who was
killed while notifying drafted men in Illinois,
praying for a pension; which was laid on the
table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. BENJAMIN, from the same committee,
made an adverse report on House bill No. 469,
for the relief of Rebecca Bower; which was
laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SAWYER, from the same committee,
made an adverse report oil House bill No. 163,
for the relief of A. W. Fleming; also on the
petition of Mary C. Booz, praying for a pension
on account of services of her husband; also
on the petition of Ellen Hayes, widow of John
Hayes; also on the petition of Henry W. Earl,
jr., praying for a pension; also on the memorial
of Elizabeth W. Stiles for relief; also on the
petition of Jackson Squire, asking for a pen-
sion, &o.; which were severally laid on the
table, and ordered to be printed.
LEMUEL WORSTEIt.
Mr. SAWYER also, from the same com-
mittee, reported a bill for the relief of Lemuel
AVorster; which was read a first and second
time by its title.
The bill was read. It provides that the Sec-
retary of the Interior shall place the name of
Lemuel Worster, of Machias, York county, in
the State of Maine, upon the pension-roll, and
pay him at the rate of eight dollars per month.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, asked
for the reading of the report.
The report was read.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. SAWYER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MINOR CHILDREN OF SOLOMON LONG.
Mr. SAWYER also, from.the same commit-
tee, reported a bill for the relief of the minor
children of Solomon Long; which was read a
first and second time.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior
to place upon the pension-roll the names of the
minor children of Solomon Long, with the same
benefits and subject to the same restrictions as
other orphan children of deceased soldiers, the
act to take effect in 1805.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed it was
accordingly road the third, time and passed.
Mr. SAWYER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
department OF agriculture.
Mr. BIDWELL, by unanimous consent,
from the Committee on Agriculture, reported
a bill to amend the act to establish a Depart-
ment of Agriculture ; which was read a first
and second time, recommitted to the Commit-
tee on Agriculture, and ordered to be printed.
SYLVANUS SAWYER.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut, from the
Committee on Patents, reported a bill for the
relief of Sylvanus Sawyer ; which was read a
first and second time.
The bill authorizes an extension of the pat-
ent of Sylvanus Sawyer for the cutting of
rstt&n«
Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut, asked that
the evidence in the case be read.
The evidence was read.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. HCJBBARD, of Connecticut, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed; and also moved to lay the motion to
reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
heirs of thomas w. harvey.
Mr. BROMWBLL, from the Committee on
Patents, reported a bill extending certain let-
ters-patent for the benefitof the heirs of Thomas
W. Harvey ; which was read a first and second
time.
The bill was read at length. It directs the
Commissioner of Patents to receive and con-
sider an application for, and if in his opinion
correct and expedient to grant, extensions of
the patents for improved machinery for cutting
screws and improved machinery for drawing
screw-heads, for the, benefit of the heirs of
Thomas W. Harvey, the inventor and patentee
of the same.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I would ask the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Bromwell] if
these patents have not been extended once
already ?
Mr. BROMWELL. They-have.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Then I hope they
will not be extended again.
Mr. BROMWELL. I will give to those
gentlemen who desire to say anything in op-
position to this bill the greater part of the
time I shall be entitled to, after the previous
question shall have been seconded, which I
propose to call.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will suggest to
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Bromwell]
that even should the call for the previous ques-
tion be sustained, a motion to lay the bill on
the table would have the priority, and the gen-
tleman might be prevented from saying any-
thing on the bill.
Mr. BROMWELL. Then I will not call the
previous question, but will proceed to state
briefly the facts in this case. It is true, this
inventor has had his patents for twenty-one
years. But the nature of the inventions is
such that many years must necessarily have
elapsed in bringing the business under the
patents into such a condition that any emol-
uments could be derived from them. The ex-
pense of setting up that business must have
been very great. One machine by itself is of
no use, but hundreds of them are necessary in
order to enable the manufacturer to fill the
commonest order. The inventions are exceed-
ingly ingenious; not the results of a lucky
thought, but evidently of long study and ex-
periment. Those inventions have revolution-
ized the mode of making screws, and have
reduced their price. There are many other
machines by which wood-screws are made
besides the machines covered by these patents
The extensions asked for by this bill relate only
. to two of a great number of patents, for the
purpose of conferring some small benefit upon
the widow and heirs of the inventor, Thomas
W. Harvey. The inventor spent a large for-
tune and many years of his life in bringing
these inventions to perfection, and when he
died he left his family not one cent remunera-
tion for them, for he had received none him
self, either from the patents themselves or the
money he had invested in putting them into
operation.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired, and the bill goes over to the next
Friday morning hour.
enrolled joint resolution signed.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that the committee had exam-
ined ana found truly enrolled a joint resolution
(S. R. No. 112) for the relief of Mrs. Abby
Green; when the Speaker signed the same.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. McDon-
ald, its Chief Clerk, announced that the Senate
had agreed to the report of the committee of
conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on Senate bill No. 69, providing for the
payment of pensions.
petition printed.
Mr. ROGERS. I ask unanimous consent
to present a petition from loyal colored people
of North Carolina, and to have it printed.
No objection being made, it was ordered to
be printed.
reconstruction.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I call for the regu-
lar order. .
The SPEAKER. The first business in or-
der after the expiration of the morning hour
is the consideration of House bill No. 543, to
restore to the States lately in insurrection their
full political rights, upon which the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. RossJ is entitled to the floor.
Mr. ROSS. In view of the magnitude and
importance of the legislation proposed by the
bill now before us I have thought it my duty to
submit a few considerations to the House upon
the subject. The objections which I shall pre-
sent to this bill will be, first, that there is no
constitutional power or authority in the Con-
gress of the United States to pass such a meas-
ure as this; second, that it is in conflict with
the principles and doctrines enunciated by
the Republican party during the progress of
the war; and third, that if these objections did
not exist, it would be unwise and inexpedient
to act upon the subject in the manner proposed.
First, then, upon the question of the power
and the right of Congress to pass the bill be-
fore the House: I hold that the powers of Con-
gress are limited by the Federal Constitution;
that while the General Government is supreme
and paramount to the extent of the delegated
powers, it is equally clear that the powers not
conferred upon it are by the express terms of
the Constitution reserved to the States and the
people thereof respectively. The national Gov-
ernment has supreme authority to the extent
of its delegated powers; but those powers are
defined in the written Constitution establish-
ing the Government.
Mr. Speaker, I do not recognize the sound-
ness of the doctrines enunciated by the able
and distinguished gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Raymond,] who discussed this question
the ^pther day, that we have an unwritten Con-
stitution by which we are to be governed. I
am somewhat relieved, however, to find that
gentlemen on that side of the House are in-
clined to thus justify their action. I had
felt some apprehension that in our congres-
sional action here we might be trenching upon
the Constitution of our country. But when I
learned from the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Raymond] that all these measures which
we suspected to be infringements upon the
Constitution are to be passed under the au-
thority of an unwritten Constitution I felt
greatly relieved, at least upon that particular
point.
I do not recognize any such doctrine. The
written Constitution of our country is the guide
by which we are to be governed and controlled in
our action. I am aware that this is a doctrine
which commands but little attention in Con-
gress at the present time. But a few days ago,
when a distinguished and able member from
the State of Kentucky was discussing a consti-
tutional question, a gentleman near me said,
"Why, he must evidently be a new member;
if he had been here any length of time he
would have learned long since that no atten-
tion is paid by this Congress to the Constitu-
tion of the United States."
