1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
779
Having said this much upon the constitu-
tional question, I propose briefly to call the
attention of the House to what I suppose will
be arguments of greater weight with the ma-
jority in this House than the Constitution of
the country. I submit that this bill is in clear
conflict with the action of the party in power
during the entire progress of the war; it is in
conflict with the clearly-expressed opinions
of the Executive of the nation, the Supreme
Court, and the Congress of the United States.
If I succeed in satisfying the majority ift this
House that their policy is in conflict with the
teachings and principles of the party in power
during the last six years, I am satisfied that as
honorable men they will refrain from pressing
this measure upon the consideration of the
House.
The first evidence to which I desire to call
the attention of members is the resolution
which has been so frequently alluded to in this
House, known as the " Crittenden resolution."
I do not propose to give the language of the
various public acts to which I may refer, be-
cause they are not before me; but it is well
known that the honorable Speaker who pre-
• sides over the deliberations of this House, as
well as a large number of the gentlemen upon
this floor, gave their solemn pledge to the
country that they would stand by that Critten-
den resolution, which declared in substance
that the war was to be waged for the purpose
of maintaining the national authority and put-
ting down the rebellion; not for the purpose
of subjugation or to overthrow• any of the
States of this Union, but to guaranty to them
their equality and rights within the Union.
That resolution, Mr. Speaker, was a national
pledge made to the country by the party in
power, declaring the purposes and objects for
which the war was prosecuted.
The second evidence which I present for the
consideration of the House, showing that it was
never contemplated by the party in power dur-
ing the progress of the war that States engaged
in the rebellion were out of the Union and not
entitled to representation, is the fact that they
permitted Senators and Representatives from
those States to retain their seats in Congress
until the time for which they were elected had
expired; and there was no complaint upon that
subject from any member of either House. Con-
gress continued during the whole progress of
the war to recognize the right of those States
that were in rebellion against the national au-
thority to send Senators and Representatives
to Congress. The present President of the Uni-
ted States continued to hold his seat as a Sen-
ator from Tennessee; a Senator from the State
of Virginia continued to represent that State;
and there were several other such instances
which I do not now recollect. I ask, Mr.
Speaker, whether this would have been the fact
if it had been contemplated during that time
that the war was to dissever the bonds of the
Union."
The third proposition to which I call the
attention of the House is, that in 1862 or 1803,
during the progress of the rebellion, Congress
passed an act by which they assessed taxes
upon the States which were in rebellion. This
would certainly never have been done had it
not been clearly recognized that those States
were within the Union. Now, sir, it could not
have been expected that in so brief a period of
time you would have abandoned the doctrines
for which our fathers fought the battles of the
Revolution, and imposed upon eight million
people taxation without representation. This
could not have been contemplated by the
Congress of the United States in the passage
of the act apportioning taxation among the
States in rebellion.
The fourth proposition to which I propose to
call the attention of the House is, that in 1802,
if my memory.serves me right, Congress passed
an act apportioning representation among the
several States of this Union; and in that act
about fifty members of Congress were assigned
to the ten States which now, according to the
theory of this bill, are outside of the national
Union. Sir, those acts apportioning taxes and
representation were concurred in by the two
branches of Congress. Nor is this all. They
had the approbation of President Lincoln, who
signed and approved them. Thus, in addition
to the congressional recognition of the right of
representation as belonging to those States,
there was executive action equally emphatic in
the same direction.
The fifth evidence is, that the action of the
Supreme Court is against this bill. The order of
that court last winter to take up the cases
from thgse States upon the docket and dispose
of them is evidence that it does not consider
this Union dissevered. The action of Con-
gress assigning circuits to the judges of the
Supreme Court is additional evidence of the
opinion of Congress on this subject. And, in
addition to this, the civil rights bill, giving
power to these courts within those States, shows
that the action of Congress contemplated these
courts were to be in existence to exercise these
powers during this time.
The sixth evidence I will offer to the House
will be found in the correspondence of our,
Government with the'French Government, in
which President Lincoln, through the Secre-
tary of State, Mr. Seward, informs the French
Government this was a mere rebellion in this
country, and that the seats of the southern
members are awaiting their return to be occu-
pied by them. I say this is the opinion, not of
the Secretary of State, but of the President of
the United States through his chief clerk, the
Secretary of State, enunciating the doctrines
of the American to the French Government.
In the seventh place I refer to the fact that
the constitutional amendment abolishing sla-
very in this country was submitted for ratifica-
tion to the States which had been in rebellion
as well as to those which had not. Gentlemen
cannot avoid the force of this position by say-
ing with the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Scofield] it was the Secretary of State
who published this. He acted under the au-
thority and direction of the Congress of the
United States, which determined this measure
should be submitted to all these States.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask the gentleman when
Congress so determined?
Mr. ROSS. I have so understood.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman is mis-
taken, aa we have passed no such resolution.
Mr. ROSS. I think otherwise. I will not
stop here to inquire as to the taste of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Scofield] in
his criticism of the action of the Secretary of
State. I would have thought, taking every-
thing into consideration, he would have treated
him a little more tenderly. He ought to have
taken into consideration that Mr. Seward for
twertty-five years furnished the brains for the
gentleman's party. He denounced him as a
trickster, as a man hostile to the Government:
and he compared him to a dog. It created
considerable amusement among the grave and
distinguished gentlemen who sat near him
when the leader of their party, who furnished
it with brains for twenty-five years was com-
pared in ridicule to a dog. I suppose it is all
right. Congress can speak of the President as
a usurper, compare the Secretary of State to
a dog, and deride the authority and views of
the Supreme Court, but when one member
intimates another has not squared the mark on
the subject of telling the truth, it is a grave
question for the immediate action of this House.
The eighth and last evidence I shall furnish
to my Republican friends is the proclamation
of emancipation. I do not profess to give it
with accuracy, but it will be found in thafproc-
lamation issued by Abraham Lincoln, he gave
notice that unless within a certain period the
rebel States grounded arms, on the 1st of Jan-
uary, 1863, their slaves should be declared to be
emancipated. He said he would regard it as an
evidence of their return to the national author-
ity that they should have representatives here
on the 1st of January, 1863. Was Abraham Lin-
coln opposed to tlteir representation in Con-
gress ? Did he believe the reanlt of this war i
was to give us a dissevered Government? I
do not think he did.
I proceed now to show that if this were a
new measure aryl were not a violation of the
Constitution and of the principles of the Re-
publican party during the four years' progress
of the war, it would still be unwise and inex-
pedient for us to adopt it. And in this con-
nection I propose briefly to call the attention
of the House to some of the provisions of this
most extraordinary bill.
The fifth sectioil provides—
That the word citizen, as used in this act, shall be
construed to mean all persons (except Indians not
taxed) born in the United States or duly naturalized.
The seventh section provides—
That no constitution shall be presented to or acted
on by Congresswhichdenies to any citizen any rights,
privileges, or immunities which are granted to any
other citizen in the State. All lavrs shall be impar-
tial, without regard to language, race, or former con-
dition. If*the provisions of this section should evei
be altered, repealed, expunged, or in any way abro-
gated, this act shall become void and said State lose
its right to be represented in Congress.
I understand from this section that the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens]
means to incorporate a new doctrine, a doc-
trine that from his known gallantry it is to be
presumed he would favor, namely, female suf-
frage. It declares who shall be citizens, and
that if any State shall deprive any of its citi-
zens of the right of suffrage it shall lose its rep-
resentation in Congress. I do not object to the
bill on this score, only it is a little in advance
of the party, I suppose, to confer suffrage on
females now.
But I call attention to the latter part of the
se-venth section:
If the provisions of this section should ever bo
altered, repealed, expunged, or in any way abro-
gated, this act shall become void, and said State lose
its right to be represented in Congress.
What is that provision ? Why, that if by any
future amendment to their constitutions any
of these States shall deprive any black man
of the right of voting in those States, then
they are to be deprived of representation in
Congress. Now, I submit to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania if he would apply a rule to
those States which he is not willing to apply
to his own State. Why, sir, the rule laid
down in this bill for the government of these
southern States would, if applied to Pennsyl-
vania, deprive it of representation in Congress.
Is it possible that we will enforce upon the peo-
ple of these States a doctrine so odious? I
understand when States come into this Union
they come in upon an equality, but here it is
proposed to make an odious distinction between
the States. While the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania will represent his district where the
black man is still deprived of what the gentle-
man terms this invaluable right of casting his
ballot for the choice of his own rulers and of
those who make laws to govern him, when he
comes to apply a rule to the ten States lately
in rebellion he makes an entirely different one.
I desire now to call the attention of the
House to some of the provisions of the sixth
section. That section goes upon the hypoth-
'esis that Congress possesses the power to de-
termine who shall be citizens of the United
States, or in other words to deprive individ-
uals who are citizens of the United States of
their citizenship by a mere statute. I do not
think wc have any such right. I think it is
only upon due trial and conviction that these
rights can be taken from individuals.
Now, suppose this doctrine is maintained,
what will be the result during a high state of po-
litical excitement? The party coming into power
will hold that all those who voted against them
are not citizens of the United States, but must
remain for five years in tutelage before they
shall be permitted to exercise the right of suf-
frage and other rights pertaining to citizenship.
At the next election that takes place the oppo-
site party gets into power, and those who voted
against them will be declared to have forfeited
all their rights as citizens. In this way the
great mass of the people of this country might
be cut off from the right of suffrage and rep-
resentation.
