T80
ESI €OTO!lSSI0mL GLOB®.
January 26,
I object to the latter part of this section on
the ground that it will encourage perjury by
leading men to swear falsely in relation to these
matters. Now, for these reasons I judge that
the calm and dispassionate consideration of
this House will show in its aetion that they do
not regard this bill as worthy of the American
Congress.
Now, for what object was this war prose-
cuted? Was it prosecuted to overthrow or to
save the nation ? I understand that the vast
sacrifice of men and money which we have
made during the terrible Struggle of four years
■was to save and not to destroy. That I under-
stand to-be the opinion of the officers and sol-
diers of our Army, of the men who went to the
front. It was their intention to preserve and
perpetuate and hand down unimpaired this
glorious legacy to those wfio come after us.
But according to the theory of this bill the
war destroyed this Union, at least to the extent
that we should not, if the doctrine be true,
continue upon the flag that waves over your
desk, Mr. Speaker, the six and thirty stars
which now adorn it. But I care not what may
be the views of others upon the subject; I will
never consent to blot out one star now upon
our national banner. I believe this war was
fought for the purpose of supporting and mainr
fcaining the national authority, fpr the purpose
of preserving and not of destroying. Shall we
now by act of Congress strike down ten States
of the Federal Unibn, four of the ten having
been of the original States which formed the
Constitution? I hope not.
In this connection let me read a short extract
from the opinions of General Grant upon this
subject. He says:
"My observations lead me to the conclusion that the
citizens of the southern States are anxious to return
to self -government within the Union as soon as pos-
sible: that while reconstructing they want and
require protection from the Government; that they
aro in earnest in wishing to do what they think is
required by the Government not humiliating to them
as citizens; and that if such a course was pointed out
they would-pursue it in goodfaith. It is to be regret-
ted that there csunnot boa greater comio-ingling at
this time between the citizens of the twp sections,
and particularly of those intrusted with the law-
making power."
Ah 1 General Grant; you think there should
be a commingling between the people of the
two sections, and especially between those
intrusted with the law-making power. But
Congress does not think so; Congress says
that these people shall knock for eighteen
months and two years at our doors and still be
refused admission. Congress not only puts
itself in conflict with the principles enunciated
in the messages ftnd proclamations of Abraham
Lincoln, the opinions of the Supreme Court
of the United States, but also the opinions
held by General Grant, and also, too, by
General Sherman. I have not the letter* of
General Sherman before me, but I recollect
that he says that as a man and a soldier he
would never strike a disarmed foe standing
before him. I think that is a good sentiment;
I think this is the sentiment of a brave mati.
Where is the man who would desire to strike
a fallen foe, lying prostrate and disarmed
before him ?
Perhaps there are some who may desire fur-
ther strife and further conflict; if so, they are
the men- who were hunting for cotton and sil-
ver spoons; not those who went to the front to
fight the battles of our country.
I desire to call the House to another con-
sideration in this connection. I hold that if
the bill now under consideration should be
adopted by the American Congress it will rec-
ognize a theory which will make this country
responsible, at least to foreign nations, for the
evidences of confederate debt held by their
citizens. If these southern States are conquered
provinces, then by the laws of nations we are
responsible for all the debts and liabilities of
the conquered country. I ask gentlemen to
pause before we take so great a responsibility
as this upon us.
There are influences not made apparent in
the House to keep these men out of Congress.
I have noticed that the "high tariff'' men"are
most anxious to exclude southern men from
Congress. Why is this? They know that the
great Northwest aro " hewers of wood and drap-
ers of water" to New England. I do hot wonder
that they like to keep out these fifty members
from the South. Their object is to perpetuate
the powfer of the Northeast, and derive profit as
long as they eati from it. But the question is
seriously mooted in this House that if wfe admit
these fifty southern members it is going_-to
endanget* the perpetuity of our free institu-
tions ; that our Government is going; to be over-
thrown. Now, can tbe presence ot fifty mem-
bers here, added to the' vote here already,
either vote to indorse the confederate debt or
to vote down th£ national debt.
Our friends upon the other side tell us that
by the abolition of slavery these rebellious
States are entitled to twelve more members
than they had before the war. Well, sir, \fre
are not to have an apportionment of represent-
ation before 1870, and before that time the
black men of the South will abandon their pres-
ent position and flock like doves to the North-
•east. They will then be counted as a basis of
representation, not in the southern States, but
in the Northeast. In the apportionment of
1870 where will the black men be ? They will
not be counted anywhere until 1870.
But the distinguished gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Shem-asahs-ek] amazed the House by a
new constitutional amendment, which he got
up, as applicable to the views of this Side Of
the House, and ho read it in the presence of
his friends who Surrounded hittl. I #ould ask
you if any member upon-this side of the House
has at any time at this or at the last session of
Congress advocated the admission of disloyal
men upon this floor. I say that you Can find
no such instan ee. I defy the gentleman to show
any instance in which the question of the right
of representation upon this floor was not left
free and untrammeled for the consideration of
the House.
After 1870 we shall have five members to
their one. Hence I conclude there would be
no danger by admitting loyal representatives
to their seats ia Congress to deliberate upon
these gt-eat questions which are claiming the
attention of the country.
But the Supreme Court of the United States
does not escape' the denunciation of the party
in poorer; and an especial victim of this de-
nunciation is the individual who delivered the
opinion of that court in vindication of the great
principle of constitutional law and individual
right. Who is this mait'who is being denounced
upon the other side of the floor as plotting to
overthrow the Government? - Why, sir, I have
had the pleasure of knowing Judge Davis for
a quarter of a century. He and I have always
differed upon political questions ; yet I have
always recognized him as an honorable, high-
toned gentleman; and, sir, permit me to say
that thei'e was'no man in all this country upon
whom Abraham Lincoln more confidently
leaned for counsel and advice than he did
upon David Davis, of Illinois, the man who is
now denounced by the other side of the House
for making a decision tvhich niiie hundred and
ninety-nine out of every thousand lawyers in
this country would have made before this rebel-
lion took place.
The war is also carried on against the Pres-
ident. He is a " white-washerhe is a
"usurper;" a man who is plotting to over-
throw the liberties of the country. Why, sir,
what object has he in being untrue to his coun-
try? From the time when he attained man-
hood he has stood by the people. He has uni-
formly revered and venerated the Constitution
of the country; and during the recent rebel-
lion he manfully stood up and cast this Consti-
tution in the teeth of southern rebels when they
were attempting to overthrow our institutions.
You may go on and pass your resolutions of
censure, but I tell you, gentlemen, there is a
day of reckoning coming. This is not the first
time'that a President of the United States has
been maligned by a Congress of the United
If meftroty serves me rightabout 1833
the Senate of the United States'passed a reso-
lution of censure upon Andrew Jackson. That
resolution Stood for some time; but, sir, the
" sober second thought'' of the American peo-
ple at length prevailed, and when it did prevail
what was done? Why, sir, in 1837,'through
'the exertions of Thomas H. Benton and other
able statesmen of those days, that insult to the
nation,' that stigma upon the name of the great
Jackson was wiped out. That-resolution was
expunged. The Journal upon which it was
recorded was brought into the Senate Cham-
ber, and in the presence of the Senate black
lines were drawn around that resolution; as
black as the iniquity of those who had con-
cocted that slanderous resolution. I trust, sir,
in God's name, that if liberty Still lives in this
country there will come a time—perhaps when
we shall have passed away—when the igno-
miny and contempt sought in this hour of trial
to be fastened upon the Chief Magistrate of
the Government will be wiped out and atoned
for. Such is my faith, such m"y confidence
in free Government, and the "sober second
thought" of the American people.
The Senate of the United States in these
days is in the habit of rejecting the nomina-
tions of men whose opinions do not accord
wMi theirs, and for no other reason. Why,
sirf-Chis experiment was tried once before by
the Senate. When Mr. Van Buren was nom-
inate'! ag minister to' the Cburt of-St. James
the Senate of tie Unitesd States rejected the
nomination; and his Unwarranted rejection by
fir partisan Senate caused Marti A Van Buren,
who otherwise would probably never have been
thought of in connection with the' Presidency,
to be nominated and elected by tha American
people to the first Office in their gift.
Gentlemen are mistaken if they imagine that
the people of this country are going to give up
free government. They itttend to stand by the
Constitution of our fathers. They intend to
let well enough alone, rejecting the revolution-
ary schemes of agitators and fanatics. They
revere and venerate the memory of the patri-
otic men who established' the form of govern-
ment under which we live; and, in my judg-
ment, they will still come to the rescue and
maintain and uphold our institutions. This is
my hope. Still, I am frank to confess, Mr.
Speaker, that I have my fears; I have my ap-
prehensions. This' coUritty is now passing
through a most terrible Ordeal. The great
question Whether civil liberty and the capacity
of the people for gelf-gbvernment can be main-
tained is now being tested.
If the Congress of the United States can
usurp three departments of the Government;
if they .can depose the President, paralyze the
Supreme Cottrt; if they can destroy civil lib-
erty in this country, then when I look back
into the history of the French revolution I
sonietimes think I see a little "mountain" on
the otl^ side, and I think sometimes I can
pick out the Robespierres, the Dantons, and
the Murats. I sometimes feel there is fear
civil liberty is to be crucified in the house of
its pretended friends. Iii my judgment the
time has come when the American people
should be aroused to the impending danger
which hangs like a dark pall over our political
institutions. The time has come, sir, when we
must maintain and uphold and perpetuate those
great principles of civil liberty for which our
fathers fought.
I appeal to mybrother members, let us pause,
let us reflect, let us consider that we have lived
for a long time undef a Government which has
given' us protection in our persons, our prop;
erty, and in ail that we hold dear. Shall we im-
peril it? Where can we find abetter one? Cast
your eyes over the Governments of the world.
Where' can you find another comparing with
this glorious Government of ours? Shall we
experiment with it? Let us leave well enough
alone. I would—
" Rather bear those ills we have
Than fly to others that we know not of."
I ask gentlemen to be careful how they strike
down the great landmarks of constitutional'gov-
