1866s
THE CONGBESSION AL GLOBE.
H
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will interpose no objection even to the consid-
eration of the resolution, but suggests simply
. that under the former decision it is not in order.
The Chair recognizes the Senator from Cali-
fornia.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I desire simply to sug-
gest that the amendment which the Senator
from Ohio proposes would meet with my entire
approbation if the term should be made six
years, and at some time I would like to advance
that idea to the Senate supported by careful
reasoning. It will come up, of coarse, after-
ward. His amendment is simply to limit the
Presidency to a single term. I say a single
term of six years. I only want to suggest it
that it may be recorded. I agree withthe Sen-
ator from Ohio; I think he is correct.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore, If no. ob-
jection be made to the consideration of this
subject, the Chair will put the question. The
.Chair deemed it his duty to state that the mo-
tion was obnoxious to the question of order if
any Senator thought proper to raise it.
Mr. HcDOUGALL. Is it a question of con-
sideration or a question of reference?
Mr. WADE. I wish to say about that rule
of order that I understand it is construed very
differently in the House from what it is in this
body, and I cannot see the force of it any way.
I saw that the Chair, when the question was
first raised, put a very different construction on
it, and a different construction I understand
prevails now in the House. I think this is a
very inconvenient one and almost destroys all
business for the first six days of the session. I
wish that the decision might be reconsidered
and our practicc made to conform to what I
understand is the construction placed on the
The Chair
will suggest that there has Been no objection
made to the consideration of this subject, and
the Chair will put the question to the Senate
on taking up the joint resolution and refer-
ring it.
Mr. McDOUGALL. If it is a question of
reference, I have no objection. If it is a ques-
tion of present consideration, I have objec-
tion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
is that the Senate proceed to the consideration
of the joint resolution named by the Senator
from Ohio.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to consider the joint resolution (S.
R. No. 33) proposing an amendment to the
Constitution of the United States.
Mr. WADE. Now, I move to refer the
resolution to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
finance report.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move that the report
of the Secretary of the Treasury on the state
of the finances be referred to the Committee
on Finance, and also that five thousand extra
copies be printed for the use of the Senate.
The report itself has already been ordered to
be printed, I understand.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mo-
tion to refer the report to the Committee on
Finance will be considered as agreed to, if there
be no objection, and the motion to print extra
copies will be referred to the Committee on
Printing.
reference op president's message.
On motion of Mr. SUMNER, it was
Ordered, That so much of the President's message
M concerns our foreign relations be referred to the
Committeo on Foreign Relations.
On motion of Mr. FESSENDEN, it was
Ordered, That so much of tho President's message
os relates to tho finances of the United States be re-
ferred to the Committee on Finanee.
On motion of Mr. POMEROY, it was
Ordered, That so much of the President's message
as relates to tho homestead law and the public lands
of tho United States bo referred to tlia Committee
On Public Lands.
(Jono. '2d Rfa-3.—No. 2.
On motion of Mr. IIOWAED, it was
Ordered, That so much of the President's message
as relates to the Pacific railroad bo referred to tho
Committee on the Pacific Bailroad.
On motion of Mr. RAMSEY, it was
Ordered, Tbatsomueh oftiic President's message as
relates to the Post Office .Department and the postal
system be referred to the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Eoads. ,
reference of bills.
On motion of Mr. SHERMAN, the bill
(S. No. 452) to prevent and punish the illegal
appointment of officers of the United States,
heretofore introduced by him, was taken from
the table, referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
On motion of Mr. WILLIAMS, the bill
(S. No. 453) to regulate the tenure of offices,
heretofore introduced by Mm, was taken from
the table and referred to the joint-select com-
mittee on retrenchment.
suffrage in the district.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the Senate
bill No. 1 be printed. It is the bill referred
to in debate the other day, to regulate the
elective franchise in the District of Columbia.
I desire to say that I hope the Senate will
indulge me on Monday next in calling the bill
to their attention. I move now that it be
Erinted, together with the amendments which
ave been adopted and those which have been
proposed.
The motion was agreed to.
joist committee on reconstruction.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate the following concurrent resolution
from the House of Representatives:
Resolved, (the Senate concurring,) That the joint
committee of fifteen on reconstruction, appointed
during the last session of Congress, shall be reap- 1
pointed under the same rules and regulations as then ;
existed, and that all the documents and resolutions
which were referred then be now considered as re-
ferred to them anew.
The resolntion was concurred in.
widow of hon. j. h. lane.
Mr. POMEROY. I move that the resolu-
tion which I had the honor to present on th<?
first day of the session, relative to the payment
to Mrs. Lane of the balance slue to her deceased
husband, be taken up for reference.
Several Senators. Let us pass it now.
The motion was agreed to; and the resolu-
tion received its second reading.
Mr. POMEROY. If there is no objection,
I should like to ask for the present considera-
tion of the resolution.
Mr. JOHNSON. I was about to rise to
make a motion for that purpose. I see no
necessity for -a reference to a committee of a
resolution of this kind. I believe it is in the
usual form in such cases.
Mr. POMEROY. It is.
The resolution was read the third time, and
passed, as follows:
Resolved, That the Secretory of the Senate be, and
is hereby, directed to pay out of the compensation
fund of the Senate, to Mrs. ——Lane, widow of Hon.
James H. Lane, deceased, late a Senator from tho
State of Kansas, tho amount of compensation due
the deceased at tho time of his death.
grt'EKINTESDEXT OF PRINTING.
Mr. LANE. I move to take up the resolu-
tion which I introduced on Monday, on the |
subject of the election of a Superintendent of
Public Printing, with a view to refer it to the
Committee on Printing.
The motion to take up the resolntion was
agreed to; and the resolution was adopted as
follows:
Resolved, That tho Committee on Printing tie
directed to inquire into tho expediency of providing
by law for the election of Superintendent of Public
Printing by a concurrent voteof both Houses ol Con-
gress, and to report by bill or otherwise.
On motion of Mr. DOOLITTLE, the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, December 5, 1866.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
The following members appeared in addition
to those heretofore reported:
New York—Hon. James M. Marvin and
Hoit Giles W. Hotchkiss.
Tennessee—Hon. Edward Cooper.
New Jersey—Hon. E. R. V. Wright.
Maryland—Hon. Hiram McCullough.
correction.
Mr. THAYER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-
mous coisent to make a correction of the
proceedings of the House as reported in the
Globe. I am reported in the- Globe of yester-
day as having voted against the passage of the
bill introduced by the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Eliot J—a bill to repeal section
thirteen of an act to suppress insurrection, to
punish treason and rebellion, to seize and
confiscate the property of rebels, and for other
purposes, approved July 17, 1862. I desire
to state that was an error, as I was una-
voidably absent from the House when the*fote
was taken, and if present would have voted
for the bill.
laws of dakota.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the
laws of the Territory of Dakota for 1865 and
I860 ; which were referred to the Committee
on Territories.
report of general babcock.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, by unan-
imous consent, submitted the following res-
olution ; which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of "War be directed to
communicato to tho House tho report of the tour of
inspection of Brevet Brigadier General Babcoek,
made during the past season, or such portions thereof
as he may deem proper to communicate.
removals from office.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. Speaker, I call up
the motion to reconsider the vote by which
House bill No. 604. for the regulation of ap-
pointments and removals from office, was
recommitted. The motion to reconsider was
made by myself at the last session of Congress.
The SPEAKER. The motion is now before
the House, and the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania is entitled to the floor.
Mr. WILLIAMS. With the indulgence of
the House I will now proceed to state the ob-
jects of the bill reported by your committee,
along with some of the considerations which
have commended it to their judgment as a meas-
ure of great national concern, and one which
falls within the constitutional powers of this
Congress.
The first section enacts that no officer who
has been appointed by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate shall be removable except
by the same agencies, with the proviso, how-
ever, that in ease of disability or misconduct in
office during the recess of that body, the Presi-
dent may, with the advice of the Attorney Gen-
eral. suspend the incumbent and commission
another until the next session, at which it shall
be his duty to report the fact, along with the
causes of removal, and tho name of the officer
so appointed, or sueh other person as he shall
choose to nominate; and that in case of the
refusal of the Senate to approve the aet, the
officer so suspended shall resume his functions,
without any allowance, however, of compensa-
tion in the meanwhile. *
The second section provides that no .officer
renominated shall continue to hold after his
rejection, and that the party so rejected shall
not be again appointed.
The third section I propose, with the appro-
bation of the committeo, to strike out, anu in-
sert two others—une to the effeot thai where a
vacancy happening during the recess may have
been i]!M Ly the President, it shall be his duty
