1867.
TH1 CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
78S
of the United States, with the Army and Navy
and the whole force at his disposal, to see to
it that this act and all acts of the provisional
governments organized under it shall be en-
forced in those States.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Ray-
mond] made the objection that there would be
an interval of time when there would be no
government in these States. I reply again
that the interim would be no longer than that
which occurred after the suppression of the
rebellion and the setting up of the provisional
governments now existing there, and the time
would not ordinarily be longer than sixty days.
As I intend to withdraw this bill, as requested
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, I will
not take up the time of the House in discuss-
ing its provisions.
Mr. BINGHAM. Can that be done while
my motion is pending to refer?
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Yes, sir, it cap;
but I yield to the gentleman to make his point
.of order if he desires.
Mr. BINGHAM. But the gentleman has
not withdrawn it.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. If I have not, I
withdraw it now.
Now, Mr. Speaker, in reply to some of the
arguments addressed to this House by gentle-
men on the other side, I want to say that the
great body of Union men deny that during the
entire war there has been any constitutional
State government in any one of the States in
rebellion. Tennessee has been readmitted, or
its reorganized State government has been
recognized by Congress since the war. The
gentlemen who have served with me here dur-
ing the entire war recognize the fact that the
freat body of men constituting the Republican-
Inion party have held that opinion since the
outbreak of the rebellion.
At the first regular session of the Thirty-
Seventh Congress I introduced abill to establish
temporary provisional governments in the then
eleven rebellious States. The Committee on
Territories authorized me to report such a
bill, and on the 12th of March, 1862, I did re-
port such a bill to this House, which was laid
on the table by a small majority, the great body
of the Union members present and voting voted
against laying the bill on the table. At the
commencement of the first session of the
Thirty-Eighth Congress a special committee
was organized on the subject of reconstruction,
of which the late Henry Winter Davis, of
Maryland, was chairman, and of which I also
was a member. They proposed to this House,
and the House and Senate passed, a bill again
recognizing the principle on which the Union-
Republican party have acted during the entire
war, declaring there were no constitutional
State governments in those States. These bills
recognized the fact that the sovereignty of the
nation was in the people residing in States
which maintained constitutional State govern-
ments, acting in practical relations with the
Government of the United States. They held
that Congress as the representative of the sov-
ereignty of the nation had the right to legislate
on all subjects in States where constitutional
State governments had been overthrown or de-
stroyed. That bill passed both Houses, but
failed to become a law because Mr. Lincoln
declined to sign it, although he said he was
acting and intended to follow practically the
principles contained in the bill.
Mr. LE BLOND. Will my colleague yield
for a question? I understand him to say that
from the outbreak of the difficulties to the pres-
ent time this Congress entertained the views
he has just advanced. If that be so, I would
like to know how it came that the Congress
passed in 1862 the Crittenden resolution, which
in direct conflict with the theory the gentle-
man has announced. I believe my colleague
voted for that resolution.
air. ASHLEY, of Ohio. The Crittenden
resolution was passed at the extra session of
Congress in July, 1861, immediately after the
battle of Bull Run. I voted for the first propo-
sition in the resolution, which declared that this '
war had been inaugurated by the southern peo-
ple who were then in arms around the national
capital. I did not vote for the second propo-
sition ; I declined to do so although the great
body of the party to wjjich I belonged did vote
for it.
Mr. ELD RIDGE. You did not vote against
it.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I did not vote at
all. There were only two votes in the nega-
tive on our side, if I remember rightly, my then
colleague, Mr. Riddle, of Ohio, and Mr. Pot-
ter, of Wisconsin.
Mr. DAWES. And two on the other side.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. And two on the
other side. But that resolution did not com-
mit this House nor the Republican party to
any settled policy in regard to the state of things
now existing. If the rebellion had been sup-
pressed at once, if the people in rebellion had
laid down their arms, then every gentleman
here and all who served with me in the Thirty-
Seventh Congress knows very well that they
would have been welcomed back to their former
position at once. But the rebellion having
been continued during the entire four years,
the local governments in those States having
been destroyed or their constitutional relations
with the national Government suspended, when
the people residing in the States which main-
tained constitutional State governments, and
who during these four, years constituted the
Government of the United States and repre-
sented its sovereignty, crushed the rebellion,
they had a right under every law, human and
divine, to prescribe terms of restoration to the
States lately in rebellion; and I tell gentlemen
on the other side that the men who crushed
the rebellion intend to prescribe terms of res-
toration to those States. I know gentlemen
of the Opposition insist with great pertinacity
on the abstract proposition that there is no
power in the people of a State to sever their
constitutional relations with this Government;
but, sir, there stands the fact against this
theory. I admit, and every gentleman on this
side of the House admits, that^Ehe people in a
State have no constitutional power to destroy
their State governments or dissolve their con-
stitutional relations with the national Govern-
ment; but that they have nevertheless done
so the history of the country for the past four
years is the best evidence.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him this question ? If what the
rebels did previous to the passage of the Crit-
tenden resolution did not break their relations
with the United States, how could they have
done it afterward ?
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. If the gentleman
knows anything of the history of the country
lie comprehends very well that a majority of
the people in the North, even as late as July,
1861, were unwilling to believe that such a
formidable insurrection and rebellion was be-
fore them, and that we were to have a bloody
war of four years after the disaster at Bull Run.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Then will the gentleman
allow me to ask whether the United States
have any power or authority by which they can
allow a State to break its relationship with the
Union?
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I suppose there
is no one in this House who would claim or
admit that the Government of the United
States has any constitutional power to author-
ize or recognize the right of a majority of the
people of a State to dissolve their constitu-
tional relations with the General Government.
So far as I am concerned, and the great body
of the men with whom I act, we utterly deny
it. But, sir, if the people of a State do the
act, what then ? Who is there to prescribe the
terms and conditions upon which these States
shall be restored when these acts are con-
summated?
Sir, I hold as my "flistinguished colleague
[Mr. Bixgh.ui] holds, and as the great body
of the Republican-Union party hold, that the
Government of the United States under its
present Constitution can only exist where con-
stitutional State governments are maintained,
and that the sovereignty of the people of thia
country reposes in the people who reside in
States which maintain constitutional State gov-
ernments in practical relations with the national
Government, and exists nowhere else. I hold
that the people of a State may, and all know
that eleven States did, in violation of the Con-
stitution, dissolve their practical relations with
the national Government. As an individual
citizen may, in violation of law, commit crime,
so may a political community, in violation of
law, refuse or neglect to discharge their con-
stitutional obligations. If they do this thing,
I hold that the States which remain loyal must
always represent the national sovereignty and
have the right to dictate such terms as they may
seefitto revolting States, andtoeompelthepeo-
ple of the States so violating the Constitution
to accept those terms, or to remain during the
pleasure of the conqueror in the condition in
which we nowfmd the late rebel States. No,
not in such condition, but in such condition as
the Congress which represents the nation may
dictate.
I have regretted to find, since this Congress
came together, so many gentlemen here doing
all they could to inflame the passions and'pre-
judices of the great body of the people who
were recently in rebellion in the United States.
I have regretted to find them forming alliancea
with rebels and justifying the President of- the
United States, who has become the leader of
a negative rebellion as hostile and as danger-
ous to the United States, and I fear far more
so than an open armed rebellion would be if
he were at the head of it. I am anxious, and
the great body of those with whom I act are to-
day most anxious, that the people who went
into the rebellion (many of them honestly and
thousands of them reluctantly) should be re-
stored to their practical relations with this
Government upon the mildest and most merci-
ful and forgiving -terms which it is possible for
us, a conquering people, to impose upon
them, looking to our own safety, the stability
of the national Government, and the rights of
loyal citizens in those States.
Mr. FINCK. Will my colleague yield to
me for a moment?
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. For a question.
Mr. FINCK. This is the very place for my
question. What are the terms you propose?
What is the congressional plan for restoration ?
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. The gentleman
will find an answer if he will read those bills ;
he will have his answer when this House has
agreed upon some practical measure of res-
toration, which I trust we shall do within ten
days 
Mr. FINCK. I ask the gentleman which of
these bills presents a fair congressional plan of
restoration?
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I hope the gen-
tleman will learn that fact when the majority
of this House comes to vote upon these meas-
ures next Monday.
Mr. FINCK. I suppose so.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. And he cannot
learn before.
Mr. FINCK. One more question, and I
am done. I want to know of my colleague,
whom I recognize as the leader on that side of
the House on this question, whether he admits
that his party have not yet come to an agree-
ment upon their plan of restoration ?
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. So far as I know
they have not. The Union party practically'
committed themselves to a policy of restora-
tion, and thay went so far as to admit the State
of Tennessee upon the proposed terms of that
restoration policy. I voted for the admission
of Tennessee, and do not regret having voted
for the admission of that truly loyal State,
If any other State recently in rebellion had
come to this House under the same conditions
in which Tennessee came, ratifying the amend-
ment to the Constitution and having adopted a
State constitution securing the control of the
government of the State to loyal men, I should,
although it might not have eome up to all my
