784
in©
January 26,
requirements, have ^oted-for the aklmissionof
its' members; sa anxious was I then- ami so
anxious am I now to- see the States recently in
rebellion restored to their former position in
the Union. But the great body of the men re-
cently in rebellion, under'the lead of the Exec-
utive, hare rejected these mild terms, mid it
now rests with Congress to say upon<what terms
they shall be admitted. :
Mr. HISE. I desire to ask the gentleman
one question, inasmuch as he asked me some
questions while I w-as speaking'the other day.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I believe I did not
-asls the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr; Hisb]
any question at all. I merely defelare'd in my
seat in a word or two that I dissented from his
views. -
Mr. HISE. I desire to ask a question.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Very-well; I will
allow the gentleman to ask me a question.
Mr. HISE, The gentleman has said that
there has not been a definite plan of restora-
tion adopted by the'majority of this House. I
wish to ask the gentleman if lie will go so far
as to state that the majority of this House con-
cur with him in refusing admission into the
Congress of the United States of representa-
tives from these ten States now unless they
agree to the condition of branding all who have
held either civil or military office under the
confederacy as traitors, and-as such are to be
excluded from the right to hold office under the
United States, and regarding the whole body
of the people of those States who sympathized
with or cooperated with those who endeavored
to establish the confederacy as disloyal, and
that none are to be regarded as loyal except
the negroes and interlopers there?
* Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. In all of the meas-
ures proposed by this Congress the great body
of the men who were in the confederate army
and supported the rebellion have been granted
entire torgiveness. In the propositions which
were submitted by Congress to the people only
certain parties were excluded from holding
office. Now, I would like toaskthe gentleman
[Mr. His,e] whether he is willing that men,
who while members of this House and -of the
Senate and of the Government of the United
States and of the several States, plotted treason
against this Government and went into a war
and maintained it for four years to destroy this
Government should now be received here with-
out conditions with his vote ?
Mr. HISE. I will answer that question. I
am of the opinion that all of the distinguished
men, both civilians and thosewjioheldcommis-
sions and authority in either army, in the sup-
pression of the rebellion, in putting down this
secession, or opposition to the Government,
were citizens of States in the Union. I deny
the authority of the Government to demand as
a condition-precedent to admission to repre-
sentation upon this floor a rightto inquire into
the conduct of, to convict, and to condemn these
men so as to denationalize them or to deprive
them of the rightto hold office either under the
.national Government or under a State govern-
ment. I should oppose that as a usurpation
of power.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. The answer of
the gentleman amounts to this: that so far as
he and the party he represents are concerned
they would not object to Jeff. Davis or any
of the men whose hands are red with the
blood of my loyal countrymen coming into this
Hall and taking seats along side of them as
Representatives. But the gentleman goes fur-
ther, and says this is a proposition to clothe the
black population with the franchise and inter-
lopers with the right of the franchise in States.
All I demand, all the loyal men of -the nation
demand, in the reorganization of State govern-
ments in the late rebel States, is that we protect
the rights of those who during the war were
our friends and allies, and I claim we can only
do that by securing every loyal man the right
of the ballot.
But, Mr. Speaker, my time is passing and I
must, return to the point which 1 was about to
notice when interrupted. The gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Ross,] Jike many other gentftmert
upon that side of the'House'wh'b have spoken
before him, asked why we permitted Senators
and Representatives from these States to
remain in these Halls after the"rebellion1 if we
recognized the principle upon which we now
profess to a'ct? Why, sir, the answer is obvious,
and I am surprised that any intelligent' gentle;
man should ask such a question. - When those
men were elected they' came here from States
recognized as constitutional States, in practical
relations with the national Government. A
Senator of the United States is elected for six
years, -and a-member of the House for two
years. Th'ey-came here and took their seats
because they had been constitutionally elected
before their States vvent into rebellion. Every
gentleman knows that there is no authority
under the Constitution which would authorize
the House or the Senate to exclude a mem-
ber duly elected and qualified, unless they com-
mitted some overt act of treason or violated
the rules prescribed for the government of the
House or Senate, and the gentleman' ought to
understand this matter quite as well as I do.
Mr. CHANLER. I want to ask the gentle-
man one question.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Very well; I will
it
Mr. CHANLER. It is this: if the loyal
population of any- State should be found to
consist of negroes alone, tdoes the gentleman'
mean to say that he would recognize that as a'
State, its organization being based upon negro
population alone, excluding the white race?
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. The gentleman has'
asked me a question which he knows very
well 
Mr. CHANLER. You cannot answer it.
[Laughter.]
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. It has no practical
application so far as it relates to any of the
States recently in rebellion.
Mr. CHANLER. You dare not answer it.
Answer'"yes" or "no," and do not falter
about it.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. When the gentle-
man talks about my faltering and not daring
to answer he assumes what he has no right to
assume.
Mr. CHANLER. Well, give us an-answer.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. If the gentleman
will take his seat and remain quiet for a mo-
ment I will give him an answer. If there were
a single State in the American Union in which
there was not a single white man and all were
black men, I would clothe its population with
the right of the franchise, and with every other
right of an American citizen under this Gov-
ernment. [Applause in the galleries.] Does
the gentleman regard this as an" answer ?
Now, Mr. Speaker, the gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Ross] and those who sustain him
have asked the question repeatedly with an
air of assumed innocence why we do not admit
loyal Representatives from the recent rebel
States upon this floor and upon the floor of
the Senate. Why, sir, I would not vote to-day
to admit Horace Greeley as a Representative in
this House from South Carolina, nor would I
vote to admit any other man, however loyal, as
a Representative from that community. Why ?
The gentlemen on the other side comprehend
this matter quite as well as I do. They know
that no political community under our form
of government has the right to representation
on this floor or in the Senate of the United
States, unless it has a constitutional State gov-
ernment organized and recognized by Congress
as in practical relation with the Government
of the United States. The admission of Rep-
resentatives and Senators in Congress is a prac-
tical recognition of the State government from
which they come.
Mr. HISE. With the permission of the gen-
tleman from Ohio, I wj^l say that I do not
think he has met the interrogation submitted
by the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Chast-
ler.] The gentleman from Ohio has said that
if the population of a State we're composed
entirely of black men, no white men residing
in the State, he .would recognize those black
men as' entitled to the right of suffrage and
every other right'. But the question of the
gentleman from New York, as I understood it,
was, whether the gentleman from Ohio would
recognize as entitled" to representation a State
where'suffrage was confined to the negroes, the
white population being1' excluded from' the ex-
ercise of that "right.
Mr; ASHLEY, of Ohio,' Well, Mr. Speaker,
if the gentleman'is anxious-for my" views on
this point, I'will explain. I itirf willing to for-
give, though I can never forget the crimes com-
mitted by those who attempted to destroy this
Government. I' am willitig to walk backward
and with the broad"-ma'ntl6 of charity c'ove|rthei
political nakedness of the men recently in re-
bellion. My anxiety for the restoration of the
southern States is such that I'am'willing that
all men, even those who held subordinate civil
positions and' positions in the' army of the re-
bellion shall have the ballot, excluding only
the more important and leading men from"
holding- office—those, for instance, who were
above the grade of colonel, and th&se'w'ho held
positions under this Government before the
rebellion. Every bill ever introduced'by nie'foi
reorganizingthese States has proposed to extend
the right of the ballot to the great body of the
white as well as the black people. My friend"
from Kentucky says—and if I held his opinions
I would say1-'' thatHhe rule" I hate suggested
would exclude the'VcSrybfestniehm the South."
Undoubtedly it wOuld'exclu'de th&se whom he
and his friends regard as the best men in the
South. If my fricsd from Kentucky had re-
sided in South Carolina during the war I sup-
pose he'would never have been upon'this floor.
I respect him for standing' up here and main-
taining his opinions, erroneous as I deem them.
I prefer an open, manly opponent to a pre-
tended friend. A large majority of those with
whom I act are anxious for the restoration of
loyal State governments in the South. They
are willing to go so far as to extend forgiveness
to the great body of the people guilty of the
great crime of treason, and admit them to the
ballot-box ; but at the same time they demand
that every loyal man, every ''interloper," as
my friend from Kentucky terms the white
Unionist, every man, however dusky his skin,
whose heart beat true to the old flag and the
Union "during the entire way, shall"be the equal
of any traitor, however white.'
Mr. HILL. I desire to ask my 'friend from
Ohio whether his last expression is to be taken
as indicating his conversion to the doctrine of
"universal amnesty and universal suffrage?"
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. No, sir; I do not
know that I have ever been in favor of that
doctrine. As a practical man, however, I want
to see the Union restored; and if the members
of the Opposition would come to this question
with the earnestness of the men of New Eng-
land and the mep of the West, the work of
restoration would have been accomplished be-
fore now. Why, sir, the assumption, the brazen-
faced assumption, of men who during the en-
tire war were in open or secret alliance with
the rebels coming here now and joining hands
with the apostate at the' other end of the ave-
nue, who is the leader, the recognized leader,
of a counter-revolution—a negative rebellion,
as I said awhile ago—passes comprehension.
Why, sir, suppose that in 18G0 John C. Breck-
inridge had been elected President of the Uni-
ted States; suppose the anti-slavery men of
the' country had rebelled against his election,
and their cause for rebellion would have been
far greater than the cause which impelled
the southern men into their rebellion ; and
suppose that after four years of "bloody war
this anti-slavery rebellion had been crushed
and Mr. Breckinridge had been again elected
President and in an hour of weakness yo.u had
taken an apostate abolitionist from the North
for Vice President, to show your love of the
North you had conquered, to show them that
you had no feeling of hatred toward them, and
that in one short month after tfce inauguration,
by a conspiracy of anti-slavery men in the
