20
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December o,
of the Legislature, to intrust it to Mm from
time to time.
It is claimed, however, in the absence of
any direct authority to appoint, aud in the
face of the strongest implications to the con-
trary, that the President may practically de-
feat the obvious purpose of the framers of the
instrument, by the exercise of the power to
remove in the recess, and thereby create a
vacancy, which he may fill up without the con-
qurrence of the Senate, or by appointing to
an office already full, and thus accomplishing
by indirection the very same thing.
But what does the Constitution say on. the
subject? Why, only that " the President shall
have the power to fill up all vacancies that may
happen during the recess of the Senate, by
granting commissions that shall expire at the
end of their next session."
The power, then, is not to appoint, but to
"fill up." The vacancy is not one that may
be created, but one that may "happen." And
the commission is not one that is indefinite,
but one that shall expire, by its own limita-
tion, at the end of the next session, so as to
give the President the whole of that session to
nominate.
ITpon this transparent phraseology one would
think that there could be 110 ground left for
dispute. The case provided for is that of " all
vacancies that may happen." Hap is but an-
other word for cliancc. Ex vi termini, it im-
ports accident or casualty, without any agency
on the part of the President in bringing it
about. And such is the construction which it
has received from the best intellects of the
nation. Mr. Hamilton, in his remarks in No.
11 of the Federalist, 011 the same language pre-
cisely, as applied to Senators, describes it as
"an express power given in clear and unam-
biguous terms to fill casual vacancies." And
again, in his letter to James McHenry, ten years
afterward, he -asserts that they imply casualty,
and denote "such offices as, having been once
filled, become vacant by accidental circum-
stances."
And in accordance with this idea, when Mr.
Madison, during the recess of 1813, appointed
ministers to negotiate the treaty at Ghent,
upon a question made whether it was the case
of a vacancy or a new creation, the Senate is
"reported as having entered its protest against it..
Again, 011 the 20th Apiil, 1822, it was held
by the same body, that the President could not
create the office of a minister, and make ap-
pointments daring the recess, it being their
understanding that the vacancies provided for
were such as occurred from death, resignation,
promotion, or removal; that the word "hap-
pen" had relation to some casualty not pro-
vided for by law, and that if the Senate was
in session when the office was created and 110
nomination then made, he could not appoint
during the recess, because it was nota vacancy,
happening at that time. In many instances
where new offices were created a special power
had been conferred on this account to fill them
during the recess, and it was then said that in
no other instances had the President filled
such vacant offices without special authority
of law. (2 Story's Commentaries, 1559, citing
Sergeant on the Constitution; 2 Executive
Journal, 515, 500; 3 Executive Journal, 297.)
And this opinion is affirmed by the second
Section of the act of 9th February, 18G3, which
provides that no money shall be paid out of
the Treasury as salary to any person appointed,
during the recess of the Senate, to fill any
vacancy in any existing office, which vacancy
existed while the Senate was in session, and
is required by law to be filled by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, until such
appointee shall have been confirmed.
And to show, moreover, that the earlierprac-
tice had conformed to this theory, may be
added the remark of Mr. Calhoun in his report
to the Senate in 1835, on the corrupting in-
fluence of the President's power of removal,
that '' so long as it was the practice to continue
in office those who had faithfully performed
their duties, this patronage, in point of fact, was
limited to the mere power of nominating to
accidental vacancies, or newly created offices."
It is perfectly obvious, moreover, from the
tenure of the commissions required in such
cases, that this exceptional provision was only
intended to meet the case of an accident oc-
curring at a time when the Senate was not at
hand to be consulted.. To supply a vacancy is
one thing, and a thing easily understood; to
create a vacancy is a thing so different, as must
have necessitated a different phraseology, and
suggested a more stringent rule. N obody would
pretend that a removal, by the usual process,
by the President, while the Senate was in ses-
sion, was a case of vacancy happening at that
time, or indeed any case of vacancy at all. A
new nomination approved by it, in a case where
the term was not fixed, would operate, no
doubt, as a supersedeas, by determining the
office, but without making any vacancy-what-
ever ; and this I believe is the way in which
the thing has been generally done. I do not
know that there are any instances wherein a
removal has been made in the first place, ex-
cept, it may be, where the office was made
expressly determinable at the will of the Pres-
ident. If he may make a vacancy in any case,
he may do it in all, divest the Senate of its
advisory power, and make the exception the
rule. All he has to do is to withhold the ap-
pointments so made until the expiration of the
session, or, upon rejectioh of any of his creat-
ures, recommission them after the adjourn-
ment, and thus perpetuate the power in him-
self, in defiance of the clear intention of the
framers of the Constitution. And this he has
actually done to such an extent, that if not
seasonably Checked, the Senate itself will soon
have practically ceased to share all that, part
of the appointing power which it may not
already have substantially surrendered by its
complaisance.
Nor does it seem improbable that this has
been the studied purpose in high quarters, in
view of the imputed illegitimacy of the body
which is now supposed to be '' hanging, as it
wore, on the verge of the Constitution." The
law officer of the Government has just been
asked, with special reference, perhaps, to the
act of 18G3, whether a vacancy happening dur-
ing the session, is not a vacancy happening
during the recess; and he answers in the tra-
ditional spirit of an Attorney General, with an
opinion that blots out of the Constitution the
words "that may happen during the recess
of the Senate," by making it entirely in-
different what may be the causes by which
that vacancy is produced, or at what time it
may occur. Nay, more. The very commis-
sions now issued will be found to run, not only
at "the pleasure of the President," where the
tenure is indefinite, but even in cases of ap-
pointments made during the recess, where the
very terms are prescribed by the Constitution
itself, are interpolated with the same anti-
republican phraseology, in utter disregard of
the express provisions of that instrument.
To the whole claim, however, of so formi-
dable a prerogative, it ought to be a sufficient
answer: first, that the Constitution nowhere
confers any such power, except in the cases
already stated, and that from this exception,
by well-settled rules of construction, the infer-
ence is a legitimate one, that it was not in-
tended to be cxereised in any other way, in civil
cases at all events ^andsecond, that the excep-
tion which gives to Congress the authority to
vest the appointments to inferior offices in the
President aloue, is as utterly irreconcilable with
the idea that I10 can remove alone, and without
cause, in the case of superior offices, as is the
provision for impeachment and trial, with the
notion of a summary ejection without any hear-
ing at all.
But, then, it is insisted that this mode of
removal would be inconvenient, because the
machinery is too elaborate for ordinary use,
and would be entirely inadequate to meet the j
exigencies of avast and multiplied service, and '
the many unforeseen contingencies that might |
necessitate the existence of a iitri-'difi ion more
summary and extended; and hence the illogi-
cal inference of a power in the President to
remove where the Constitution itself has not
spoken.
I will not stop to examine the argument ab
inconvenienti, even though so great a name as
that of Coke may be invoked to show that it
prevails in law, where one construction would
be more mischievous than another. It may
be inconvenient to impeach in all eases. It
was hardly expected, perhaps, that it would
be necessary. It may be inconvenient to the
President and his southern friends, that he is
not endowed with dictatorial powers, such as
he has been claiming and exercising. It may
be inconvenient to him that he cannot indulge
the parasites who swarm around him, by the
unrestricted use of the guillotine under which
so many heads have already fallen. It would
be certainly very convenient to him and his
southern friends, but very inconvenient to-the
nation, that he should be allowed to do all the
things that this bill is intended to prevent.
But all this is only an argument in favor of a
change in the law, or an amendment of the
Constitution, which, in the view of the Presi-
dent, is not now amendable, for reasons that
would dethrone Congress, and unseat himself.
Is it, then, a necessary power? And if so, why?
Because, it is said, the officer may prove incom-
petent, or unfaithful, and the public interests
may therefore require his dismissal. Granted
that they may. What follows? That he may
remove him? That is a non sequiiur. The
result of an admitted necessity, without any
constitutional provision to meet it, would seem
rather to be that the case was left to be pro-
vided for by law, than that a power so dangerous
should be raised by implication in the Presi-
dent. If there be a necessity, Congress can
provide for it, under its authority "to make all
laws which shall be necessary or proper for
carrying into execution all powers vested in
the Government, or in any department thereof.''
It is a capital error to suppose that the Execu-
tive is endowed with the incidental power to
legislate for constitutional defects which touch
his office. To claim that it belongs to him, in
virtue thereof, is no more or less than the asser-
tion of a dictatorial power to the extent of the
very terms used by the Romans in conferring
it. If the President is to do everything which
in his opinion the public interests may require,
then every defect in the Constitution or laws is
to be supplied, and every disproportion sym-
metrized by him. And this, it seems, is the
opinion of the present law adviser of the Gov-
ernment, as expressed in his recent answer to
the inquiry as to the power of the President to
fill vacancies occurring during the session of
the Senate. It is with him a necessary power,
and though it may be so wielded, as he admits,
as to oust the jurisdiction of the Senate entirely,
he marches up to the recluctio ad absurdurn with
a courage that might have graced a better
cause, and thinks to put us off with the answer,
that it is no objection to a power that it maybe
abused. If it had been an express power, the
argument would have been a good one. Where,
however, it is only implied, as here, a well-
trained lawyer, who could forget his office in
his profession, would have said at once that the
possibility of such an abuse was a conclusive
argument against the existence of the power.
It would be asking, perhaps, too much, to
expect that an officer who holds his life at the
pleasure of the President, should be found
standing in the way of the prerogative in times
like these. When was it ever heard that an
Attorney General in High Prerogative times had
faltered in the support of the most extravagant
of the pretensions of the Crown? How many
judges have proved capable of emulating the
sturdy virtue of Sir Edward Coke, before the
Act cif Settlement that made their tenure inde-
pendent of the royal will ? Possibly there are
men here who are prepared to indorse such
slavish views. Every traitor in the South, and
every Democrat in the North who sympathized
with him. would doubtless agree to them, as
Ihev have agreed so generally, that the President
