786
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26,
Mr. JOHNSON. I have stated the fact,
■which the gentleman cannot dispute.
Mr. WINFIELD. "Will the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Hill] indulge me with a single
remark ?
Mr. HILL. For what purpose?
Mr. WINFIELD. I desire simply to state
that the remarks I made weue simply upon the
hypothesis that the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Asiilei ] intended to impute this treason to
me, and I certainly think the remarks of my
colleague [Mr. Hunter] were made upon the
same hypothesis. I had no intention of ar-
raigning llie assertion of the gentleman from
Ohio [Sir. Ashley] as a falsehood if it did
not apply to me; and that I understand to
have been the intention of my colleague, [Mr.
Huxter. ]
Mr. HILL. I have yielded to the gentleman
■who gave occasion for the remark to which I
took exception. It was such a remark as if
made between gentleman and gentleman would
be regarded as in the highest degree offensive.
I know of no reason why its use upon this floor
should not be regarded as equally offensive and
as a violation of the rules of this House. It
was for that reason that I have offered the
resolution now awaiting the action of this
House. That resolution I have modified so
as to embrace the exact words of the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Hunter.] The
resolution reads as follows:
Resolved, That the gentleman from Now York,
Hon. Mr. Hunter, in declaring, during the debate
in the House, in reference to the assertion of the
gentleman from Ohio, Hon.Mr. Ashley, "I say that
so far as I am concerned it is a base lie," has trans-
gressed the rules of this body, and that he bo cen-
sured for the same by the Speaker.
Mr. LE BLOND. Will the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Hill] yield to me for a moment?
Mr. HILL. I cannot yield further. I think
the matter is sufficiently understood ; and I
now insist upon the previous question.
The question was upon seconding the call
for the previous question.
_ Mr. ANCONA. I move to lay the resolu-'
tion upon the table.
The question was taken upon the motion to
lay the resolution upon the table; and upon a
division there were—ayes 32, noes 04.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. ANCONA called for the yeas and nays
upon laying the resolution upon the table.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. KASSON. I rise for the purpose of
obtaining information which may be necessary
to enable us to vote intelligently on this sub-
ject. I as well as many gentlemen around
me have failed to understand the alleged prov-
ocation for the words which it is proposed to
make the subject of censure.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Hill] insists on the demand
for the previous question, and debate is not
in order.
Mr. FINCK. I ask that the language of my
colleague [Mr. Ashley] as brought to the
attention of the House by the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Winmeld] be read.
The SPEAKER. It can only be done by
unanimous consent.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I object.
The question being taken on the motion of
Mr. Ancona that the resolution be laid on the
table, it was decided in the negative—yeas 32,
nays 75, not voting 84 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ancona, Bergen, Campbell, Chan-
ler. Cooper, Dawson, Denison, Eldridge, Finck, Good-
year, Edwin N. Hubbell Humphrey, Johnson, La-
tham, Le Blond, Leftwioh Marshall, Niblack, Nieh-
olson, Samuel J, Randall, Hitter, Ross, Shanklin,
&tCToaves, Strouse, Taber, Nathaniel G. Taylor,
Nelson Taylor, Thornton, Trimble, Andrew H. Ward,
ana VV infield—32.
JNT A YS—M essrs. Allison, Delos R. Ashley, Baker,
Barker, Baxter, Benjamin, Bidwell, Bingham, Bran-
degee, Broomall, Buckland, Cobb, Conkling, Oullom
Dawes Dennng, Driggs, Eckley, Eg^eston, Eliot,'
rarquhar, ]< erry, Garfield, Grmnell, Griswold, Hayes
Jligby, Hill, Ilotehkiss, Chester D. Hubbard, Julian
Rasson, Itelley, Ivoontz, Laflin, Loan, Longyear'
Lynch, Marston, MoClurg, McKee, McRuer, Mercur.
Miller, Moorhead, Morrill, Myers, Orth, Paine, Per-
tain, Pike, Pomeroy, Price, William H. Randall,
Rollms, Sawyer, Schenck, ScoQeld, Shellabarger
feloan-, Starr. Stevens, Stokes, Upson, Van Aernam.
Burt Van Horn, Robert T. Van Horn. Hamilton
Ward, William B. Washburn, Welker, Wentworth,
Williams, James F. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, and
Windom—75.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Alley, Ames, Anderson,
Arnell, James M. Ashley, Baldwin, Banks, Beaman,
Blaine, Blow, Boutwell, Boyer, Bromwell, Bundy,
Reader W. Clarke, Sidney (Jiarke, Cook, Culver, Dar-
ling, Davis, Defrees, Delano, Dixon, Dodge, Don-
nelly, Dumont, Farnsworth, Glossbrenner, Hale,
Aaron Harding, Abner C. Harding, Harris, Hart,
Hawkins. Henderson, Hise, Hogan, Holmes, Hooper,
Asahel W. Hubbard, Demas Hubbard, John H. Hub-
bard, James R. Hubbell. Hulburd, Hunter, Ingersoll,
Jenekes, Jones, Kelso, Kerr, Keteham, Kuykendall,
George V. Lawrence, William Lawrence, Marvin,
Maynard, MeOullough, Mclndoe, Morris, Moulton,
Newell, Noell, O'Neill, Patterson, Phelps, Plants,
Radford, Raymond, Alexander H. Rice, John H.
Rice, Rogers, Rousseau, Spalding, Stilwell, Thayer,
Francis Thomas, John L. Thomas, Trowbridge, War-
ner, Elihu B, Washburnc, Henry D. Washburn,
Whaley, Woodbridge, and Wright—84.
So the House refused to lay the resolution
on the table.'
The question recurred on seconding the
demand for the previous question.
Onthe question there were—ayes 57, noes 32.
Mr. ANCONA. I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Messrs. Ancona
and Orth were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 66, noes 33.
So the previous question was seconded.
_Mr. HILL. A number of gentlemen who
did not hear the words of the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Ashley,] as brought to the atten-
tion of the House by the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Winfield,] desire that they may
be again reported. I therefore ask that, by
unamimous consent, the language may be
reported.
Mr. STEVENS. I object.
The SPEAKER. Objection being made,
it can only be done by reconsidering the vote
by which the previous question was seconded.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move to reconsider
that vote.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
Mr. HILL. I now ask that the Clerk read
the language of the gentleman from Ohio as
read to the House by the gentleman from New
York.
A Member. Let it be read as taken down
by the reporters.
Mr. HILL. I will state what occurred. At
the close of the speech of the gentleman from
Ohio the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Winfield] rose with a paper in his hand and
asked the gentleman from Ohio whether a part
of his language, as it had been taken down,
was correct; and he proceeded to read the
language, which I presume had been taken
from the reporters' notes, although the gentle-
man from New York did not so state. The
gentleman from Ohio then proceeded to make
an explanation. Now, what I desire to have
read is the remarks of the gentleman from
Ohio, as first read by the gentleman from New
York, and the explanation of the gentleman
from Ohio with reference to that language. This
explanation was followed by some remarks of
the gentleman from New York, and afterward
camf the remarks of the other gentleman from
New York [Mr. Hunter] to which I have taken
exception. This is what I desire to have read.
Mr. HALE. Let me make the suggestion
that there be read the debate from the time
when my colleague from the Orange district
took the floor down to the present time.
The SPEAKER. The stenographers inform
the Chair that the debate has not yet been
written out. i
Mr. HILL. I suggest that the reporters
read it from their own notes.
The SPEAKER. Reporters, by the rules,
are not allowed to speak in the House.
Mr. HILL. Let the Clerk read again the
remark of the gentleman from Ohio.
The Clerk read as follows:
"Why, sir, the assumption, the brazen-faced as-
sumption of. men here who during the entire war
were^m secret alliance with the rebels, coming here
now and joining hands with the apostate at the other
end of the avenue, who is the leader, the recognized
leader of a countor-revolution—a negative rebellion
as 1 said a while ago—passes comprehension."
Mr. LE BLOND. As the Clerks are not able
to report at present the other portion of the
debate, the gentleman from Indiana yields to
me for a few moments, and I avail myself of
the opportunity to offer a few remarks on the
pending proposition.
Mr. Speaker, I want it distinctly understood
I do not approve of the use of' language in this
Hall which is in the least indecorous or out of
character and in conflict with the rules of the
House. There has been too much of it already.
It was but a short time ago when the distin-
guished member'from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ste-
vens] and my colleague from Ohio [Mr. Spald-
ing] indulged in remarks from this Hall which
would injure almost any community to listen
to them.
Mr. STEVENS. I caU the gentleman to
order. [Laughter.] He is not speaking to
the question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order. The gentleman must confine
himself to the question.
Mr. LE BLOND. I am confining "myself to
the question.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's remarks
are out of order.
Mr. LE BLOND. Then I will go no more in
that direction. When you come down to the
debate to-day in which my colleague partici-
pated, using the language which has been just
read from the Speaker's desk, I ask gentlemen
what more offensive language could be used to
any man who was an American citizen and will-
ing to abide by the laws and the Constitution
of his Government.
[Applause in the galleries.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair has repeatedly
stated these manifestations of applause or dis-
approbation cannot be tolerated in the galle-
ries.
Mr. NIBLACK. Good; the applause is on
our side now.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has always
made the same statement no matter what de-
bate was going on, and the gentleman who
made the remark which the Chair only par-
tially caught has done the Chair injustice.
If there be any repetition of the offense in
the galleries the Chair will order the door-
keepers to clear them entirely.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I think it is due to those
in the galleries to say that it did not all come
from the gentlemen's galleries. I do not charge
it on the ladies, for there are gentlemen in the
other galleries.
Mr. NIBLACK. I suppose the Chair heard
an undertoned remark made by myself. What
I meant was that the applause was on our side.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will bear
testimony that the Chair has always on all
occasions suppressed these manifestations of
applause or disapprobation.
Mr. NIBLACK. I willingly bear testimony
to the invariable impartiality of the Chair on all
occasions coming within my knowledge.
Mr.^ LE BLOND. I was alluding to the
offensive language used by my colleague from
Ohio. Now, sir, we did not rise in our places
to call the gentleman to order, for that kind of
language has become so common on that side
we have got used to it, and we listen with pa-
tience. We knew there was no use to take
exception, for on that side, whatever may oc-
cur, they stand up in vindication of themselves,
be the matter right or wrong.
Mr. KASSON. Will the gentleman allow
me a single question? I have endeavored to
comprehend the reason why the remarks were
made by the gentleman on the other side. I
voted to rescind the order for the previous
question to get that information. I now ask
what wa,s_ the language of the gentleman from
Ohio which justified the member from New
York, or any other one, applying the offensive
language to himself?
_ Mr. WINFIELD. Let me answer the ques-
tion.
Mr. HILL. I shall be compelled to resume
the floor to prevent an apparently indefinite
and interminable controversy between gentle-
