1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
787
men on both sides of the House; and there-
fore, with one or two remarks, and after what
has been desired to be read shall have been
read, I will again call the previous question.
What I desire to say is_, that happening to
be passing in the immediate vicinity of the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Huxter,] I
heard distinctly the language which he used.
I recollected the similar occurrence which
happened only the day before yesterday, which
was yesterday brought to the attention of the
House, and which it was then ruled was im-
properly brought before the House for the
purpose of censure, because the words had
not been taken down and excepted to at the
time. That occurrence was not regarded, I
think, by any gentleman of this House as
reputable, as comporting with the dignity of
this body or the proprieties of debate; and,
hence, when I heard distinctly the language
of the gentleman from New York, I deemed it
important that proceedings of this sort should
be stopped. I thought they had gone far
enough; that when we had reached such a
point that every day or two we must hear the
epithets "lie" and "liar" bandied in this
House it was time some one should interpose.
Mr. NIBLACK. If my colleague will allow
me, I desire to ask him how much worse it i3
to impute falsehood to a man than to- impute
treason to him?
Mr. HILL. Well, Mr. Speaker, I am not pre-
pared to weigh and determine precisely the rela-
tive merits of the two kinds of epithets. Different
individuals would doubtless decide the ques-
tion in different ways. The epithet "traitor,"
when it has come to be perhaps the usual des-
ignation of a party, might be regarded by some
as a reproach and by others as complimentary.
At any rate, if gentlemen object to the use
of the term "traitor" and other terms offens-
ive to them, it is their own fault that they
have neglected to raise the point and take the
sense of the House on a motion to censure a
member for the use of such language.
I do not, however, desire to enter into any
comparison of the relative merits of the two
classes of epithets. They are terms which in
the discussions on this floor I never permit
myself to apply to any gentleman on either side
of the House. But, sir, to characterize a man as
a "liar" or his assertion as "lies" is by all
men everywhere and under all circumstances
regarded as peculiarly offensive. Hence, having
heard so distinctly the language of the gentle-
man from New York, and desiring to do my
part toward putting a stop to the practice of
indulging in such language in this House, I at
once took exception to the words and proposed
a resolution of censure, fearing that if I did
not do so the occasion might pass for censur-
ing language so highly objectionable—language
which 1 think 110 man on this floor will justify,
certainly not my colleague, [Mr. Niblack,]
whom 1 know to be a gentleman of too high a
sense of honor to approve words so indeco-
rous and offensive. Deeming it high time that
the House should put a stop to language of
this sort between members of this body, 1 have
submitted my resolution. If the House should
think it best to tolerate such language as a
necessary incident of freedom of speech on
this floor, I shall very cordially acquiesce in
the decision. But I desire that the House
shall express its judgment on the question one
way or another.
As the reporters have now transcribed the
portion of the debate, the reading of which
has been called for, I yield that it may be
read; and when the reading shall be concluded
I shall insist on the previous question.
The Clerk read as follows:
"Mr. Ashley, of Ohio. Well, sir, I intended to
refer to the great, body of men in the Opposition—to
every man who was opposed to the war and opposed
to the draft; who discouraged enlistments; who har-
bored descrceis; who went into sccrct societies in
order to organize conspiracies in the North, whether
they were ill this House or in any other place.
" Mr. W infield. The gentleman used the expres-
sion,'men hero.' I desire to know whether ho in-
tends to charge that tliero are men hero who were in
"secret alliance'with the enemyduring the rebellion.
Mr. Ashley, of Ohio. Well, sir, I am unable to
say from any personal knowledge whether any such
men are here. But, sir, from general reputation and
from the votes of gentlemen in opposition to the war
— 'not another man, not another dollar'—from
speeches made by gentlemen on the other side of the
House, X havo no doubt some of them are here and
have been here during the war.
" Mr. Winfield. X do not propose to be tried on
general reputation. I desire to say for myself and so
far as I know for my associates on this floor of my
own school of politics, that the insinuation that we
are or ever have been in alliance with rebels is
utterly untrue, and if intended to apply to us is a
base and unfounded slander.
"Mr. Huxter. I say that so far as I am concerned
it is a base lie."
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered on agreeing to the reso-
tion.
Mr. FINCKand Mr. ELD RIDGE demanded
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HALE. Mr. Speaker, I ask to be ex-
cuse/! from voting on this resolution, and I re-
quest permission in one minute to -give my
reasons for it.
Mr. SPEAKER. No debate is now in order
except by unanimous consent.
No objection was made.
Mr. HALE. I cannot vote against this reso-.
tion without seeming to imply that under any
circumstances or considerations would a mem-
ber on this floor be justified in giving the lie
to another, a tiling which I can never vote to
sustain. I cannot vote for it with no word of
explanation without perhaps seeming to imply
that I justified the language of the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Ashley,] which I certainly
do not.
The question being taken on excusing Mr.
Hale from voting, it was not agreed to.
Mr. FINCK. I ask to be permitted to give
my reasons for voting against the resolution.
Mr. STEVENS. I object.
The question was taken on agreeing to the
resolution ; and it was decided in the affirma-
tive—yeas 77, nays 33, not voting 81 ; as fol-
lows :
YEAS—-Messrs. Anderson, James M. Ashley, Bar-
ker, Baxter, Beaman, Bidwell, Bingham. Brandegee,
Broomall, Buekland, Cobb, Conkling, Oullom, Dawes,
Delano, Iteming; Dnggs, Dumont, Eckley, Eggle-
ston, Eliofc, Parquhar, Ferry, Garfield, Grrinnell, Gris-
wold, Hale, Hayes, Higby. Hill, Hotchkiss, Chester
D. Hubbard, John H. Hubbard, Hulburd, Julian,
Kelley, Ivelso, Koontz, Longyear, L>nch, Marston,
McClurg, Mclndoe, MeKee, MeRuer, Meretir. Mil-
ler, Moorhead, Morrill, Myers, Orth, Paine, Perham,
Pike. Pomeroy, Price, William H.Randall, John H.
Hire, Rollins, Sawyer, Scofield, Shellabarger, Starr,
Stokes, Trowbridge, XJpson. Van Aernam, Burt Van
Horn, RobertT. Van Horn, Hamilton Ward, William
15. Washburn, Welker, Wentworth. Williams, James
i\ Wilson, Stephen E. Wilson, and Windom—77.
NAYS—Messrs. Ancona, Baker, Bergen, Campbell,
Chanler, Cooper, Dawson, Denison, Eldridge, i inek,
Goodyear. Aaron Harding. Hise, Edwin N. Hubbell,
Humphrey, Johnson, Le Blond, Leftwieh, Niblack,
Nicholson, Samuel J. Randall, Ritter, Ross, Shank-
lin, Sitgreaves, Strouse, Taber, IN athaniel 6. Taylor,
Kelson Taylor, Thornton, Trimble, Andrew H. Ward,
and Winfiold—33.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Ar-
nell, Delos R. Ashley, Baldwin, Banks, Benjamin,
Blaine, Blow, Boutwell, Boyer, Bromwel], Bundy,
Reader W. Clarke, Sidnev Clarke, Cook, Culver,
Darling, Davis, Defrecs, Dixon, Dodge, Donnelly,
Farnsivorl.li, Glossbreimer, Abuer C. Xlarding, Har-
ris, Hart, Hawkins, Henderson, Hogan, Holmes,
Hooper, Asahcl W. Hubbard, DemasHubbard,James
R. Hubbell.Hunter, insersoll, Jenckes. Jones, Kas-
son, Kerr, Ketcham, Kuykendall, Laflin, Latham,
George V. Lawrence, William Lawrence. Loan. Mar-
shall. Marvin. Maynard, McCullough, Morris, Moul-
ton, Newell, Noell. O'Neill, Patterson, Phelps.Plants,
Radford, Raymond, Alexander H. Riee, Rogers,
Rousseau. Schenck, Sloan, Spalding, Stevens, Stil-
well, Thayer, Francis Thomas John L. Thomas,
Warner, Elihu B. Washburne, Henry D. Washburn,
Wlialey, Woodbridge, and Wright—SI.
So the resolution was adopted.
Mr. HILL moved to reconsider the vote by
which the joint resolution was adopted ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. HILL. I now move that the Speaker
proceed to execute the order of the House.
Mr. WARD, of New York. I wish to in-
quire whether it would be in order for my col-
league to address a few remarks to the Chair?
The SPEAKER. By unanimous consent he
may do so.
Mr. HILL. I trust there will be no objection.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection ?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. He does not wish it.
Mr. CHANLER, I object.
Mr. WARD, of New York. I desire to say
in explanation of my suggestion that I asked
the question of my colleague [Mr. Hunter]
whether he would like to make a few remarks
on the subject before the Chair administered
the rebuke, and I understood him to say he
would. Hence it was I made the suggestion.
Mr. HUNTER. The gentleman misunder-
stood me.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman fsom New
York will present himself before the Chair and
the order of the House will be executed.
Mr. Huxter accordingly came forward be-
fore the Speaker's desk.
The SPEAKER. Mr. Hunter, no delib-
erative body can preserve its self-respect or
command the respect of ita constituents which
tolerates the use of offensive language, con-
demned by gentlemen everywhere, as well as
by parliamentary law. For having transgressed
its rules, this House has resolved that you shall
be censure'd by the Speaker. The Chair having
thus declared the censure of the House, you
will resume your seat-
Mr. HUNTER. May I be allowed to make
a single remark?
The SPEAKER. Certainly, if there be no
objection.
No objection was made.
Mr. HUNTER. Allow me to say that in
using the language which I did, in a moment
of irritation at what I considered a false charge,
I meant no disrespect to this House.
Mr. HILL. In consideration of the state-
ment just made by the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Hunter,] if there be no objection,
I will move that no entry be made upon the
Journal of this House of these proceedings of
censure.
Several Members objected.
Mr. HILL. As objection is made I will
not make the motion.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I ask permission
of the House to make a statement.
No objection was made.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, in
the heat of debate men often utter words with-
out weighing them well. I have been a member
of this House for eight years, during which
time I never uttered a word for which I was
called to order, or which was regarded as im-
proper until to-day. I have intended to apply
unparliamentary or offensive language to no
gentleman. I intended to have my remarks
of to-day apply generally to all persons, whether
here or elsewhere, belonging to the Opposition,
who during the war or since were either in
open or secret alliance with those engaged in
rebellion, who voted against a man or a dollar
to prosecute the war, who discouraged enlist-
ments and encouraged desertions, and who
were members of secret or open societies to
organize conspiracies for the purpose of over-
throwing the Government of the United States.
I apply those remarks to no other persons, and
intended to apply them to no other persons.
message from the senate.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. McDoxald. its Chief Clerk, notifying the
House that that body had passed a joint reso-
lution and bill of this House, of the following
titles, namely: .
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 244) to amend
existing laws relating to internal revenue, with-
out amendment; and
An act (H. It. No. 388) to authorize the exten-
sion, construction, and use of a lateral branch
of the Baltimore aud Potomac railroad into and
within the District of Columbia, with amend-
ments ; in which he was directed to ask the con-
currence of the House.
It further announced that the Senate had
indefinitely' postponed a hill of the House of
the following title, namely:
An act (H. R. No. 522) for the relief of
Nathan Noves.
