24
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 5,
referred to us. And if we can complete a bill
better than anything contained in any other -
one bill—and we find something good in them
all—we can move it as a substitute for this or
any other bill under consideration. But I
think it would be more regular to refer each
bill upon this subject to the committee spe-
cially charged with its consideration.' And in
contrast with the obstinacy exhibited in rela-
tion to this bill—I do not use the word '' obsti-
nacy" in any offensive sense—let me state
that the gentleman from Rhode Island, [Mr.
jenckes] is himself the chairman of a com-
mittee to which this subject was specifically in-
trusted, and has reported a bill from that com-
mittee which is now pending. But he is per-
fectly willing that his bill should go to the com-
mittee to which this whole subject was com-
mitted, and I commend his example to other
gentlemen who are interested in this subject.
Mr. STEVENS. I understand the vote has
not yet been taken upon the motion to recon-
sider.
The SPEAKER. It has not. The Chair
will state the question before the House. On
the 11th of June last this bill was reported
from the Committee on the Judiciary, ordered
to be printed, anil-recommitted. The gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. williams] en-
tered a motion to reconsider the vote by which
the bill was recommitted; which motion he
has now called up for the action of the House.
If the motion to reconsider shall prevail, then
the question will recur upon the motion to
recommit; which motion will be amendable,
should the House desire it, so as to refer the
bill to any other committee.
Mr. WILLIAMS. It may be considered
ungracious in me, having already occupied so
much of the time of the Ilouse, to call the pre-
vious question at this time. But I understand
that the previous question, if seconded, will
exhaust itself upon the motion to reconsider.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is correct.
Mr. WILLIAMS. As there will be ample
opportunity for discussion after that motion
shall have been disposed* of, I will now call
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the oper-
ation thereof the motion to reconsider was
agreed to.
The question recurred upon the motion to
recommit the bill.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to amend that
motion so as to refer this bill to the joint com-
mittee on retrenchment. /
Mr. WILLIAMS. Would it be in order for
me now to withdiaw the motion to recommit?
' The SPEAKER. It would, and then the
motion of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
SoHEycK,] being in the nature of an amend-
ment, would fall.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I withdraw the motion to
recommit. And now I move to amend by strik-
ing out all of section three after the enacting
clause, as follows:
That no office shall bo considered as inferior,
within the moaning of tho Constitution, the salary
and emoluments whereof exceed in amount tho sum
of $1,000 per annum; and in all such cases tho ap-
pointments thereto shall hereafter bo made on nom-
ination by tho President, by and with tho advice and
consent of the Senate, subject to the same conditions
and limitations as to removals and denominations ae
are prescribed in the foregoing sections of this act.
And I move to insert in lieu thereof the fol-
lowing :
That whenever a vacancy in any office, happen-
ing during tho recess of tho Senate, may have been
filled up by the President in accordance with the
provisions of the Constitution, by granting a com-
mission to expire at the end of their next session,
it shall be tho duty of the President to mako a nomi-
nation for the said ofiice before tho end of tho next
ensuing session of thatbody; and incase of the nom-
ination of any other person or persons than the one
so commissicmed, and the refusal of tho Senate to
advise and consent thereto, the office shall not be
considered as vacant upon the adjournment of the
Senate, but tho person so commissioned shall con-
tinue to hold and enjoy the same, and cxercise the
functions thereof during the recess of the Senate, and
until he shall be cither nominated and rejected, or
duly superseded by a new appointment, by and with
the consent of that body.
sec 4« "That the several heads of Departments shall
hold their offices respectively for the term of four
years, unless removed by the President, by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate, and shall sev-
erally nominate, and by andwiththeadviceandcon-
sent of the Senate appoint, all their assistants and
other officers within their respective Departments, to
hold for the like period of four years, unless removed
by them, with the concurrence of the Senate.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I desire, whenever
it may be in order, to offer an amendment, to
insert the following as anew section:
That any officer of tho Government of the United
Slates, who shall appoint or commission any person
to an office, in violation of the provisions of this act,
shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor in office,
and on conviction thereof, by impeachment or other-
wise, shall bo dismissed from office.
I will suggest to the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. williams] that these amend-
ments be printed, and the bill postponed until
to-morrow, when wo can have all the amend-
ments before the Ilouse. In the mean time
the committee on retrenchment may have their
bill prepai'ed, and may present it as a substi-
tute for this bill. we then can have the whole
subject before the House, with all the different
propositions.
Mr. SQHENCK. I^vill state that the sug-
gestion of the gentleman from Iowa, is a very
acceptable one, becav.se we think the commit-
tee oft-rotrenehment will bo ready to-morrow
to report a bill as a substitute for all these
propositions.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
it will be understood that by unanimous consent
the various amendments suggested by different
gentlemen may be presented now to be printed
with the bill and to come up to-morrow in reg-
ular order.
There was no objection.
Mr. KASSGN. The amendment which I
suggested a lew moments ago, is as follows:
Strike out in the fifth and sixth lines of the first
scclion, the word?, "by the sa mo agencies which con-
curred in his appointment." and insert-in lieu thereof
tho words, *kby virtue of impeachment, or by the
President, with tho consent of the Senateso that
the clause will lead:
That no officer of the United States appointed on
the nomination of tho President, by nnd with tho ad-
vice and consent of the Senate* shall be removable
except by virtue of impeachment, or by the President,
with the consent of the Senate.
Add at the end of the first scction the following:
A.id jtrovidcd further, That the provisions of this
act shall not apply to the removal and appointment
of the heads of the several Executive Departments.
Mr. STEVENS. I have an amendment
which I desire to offer. It is as follows :
Amend the second section by striking out in the
fifteenth and sixteenth lines the words, "the same
offiec for which ho had been previously nominated,"
and inserting in lieu theieof the words "any office;"
so that tho clause will read:
And in no ease shall any person who has been nom-
inated by the President for any offico and rejected by
the Senate, or on whose nomination that body has
failed or declined to act in the way of consent or
refusal, be appointed or commissioned by him after
the adjournment and during the leeess of that body
to hold any office.
Mr. HALE. I propose to amend the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
williams] by striking out, in section four, after
the words ''shall severally nominate and," the
words u by and with.the advice and consent of
the Senate;"* so as to provide that the heads
of the Departments shall "severally nominate
and appoint all their assistants and other offi-
cers," &c. I think that the terms of the gen-
tleman's amendment in its present form are
inconsistent with the provisions of the Consti-
tution in regard to appointments to office.
Mr. (xAKFIELI). I desire to inquire of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. wil-
liams,] who has charge of this bill, whether
the amendment which he has offered makes it
a misdemeanor for any disbursing officer to
pay persons who are appointed to office in
violation of the provisions of the bill.
Mr. WILLIAMS. There is nothing of that
kind in mv amendment.
Mr. GARFIELD. Then I desire the privi-
lege of offering the following amendment:
Add as a now section the following:
That any public officer who shall pay or receive
any moneys, or advise or connive at, or consent to
the payment of any moneys, in violation of tho pro-
visions of this act, shall be held guilty of a misde-
meanor in offiec, and, on conviction thereof, by im-
peachment or otherwise, shallbe sentenced to removal
from office, and shall pay to the United States a sum
equal to the amount of moneys so paid or received,
to be recovered, with eotts, by action of debt, in tho
name of anybody who mav institute such action, for
the use and benefit of the United States.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I now move that all the
amendments be printed, and that the bill be
postponed, and made a special order for to-
morrow morning, immediately after the read-
ing of the Journal.
The motion was agreed to.
mousing noun.
The SPEAKER stated the morning hour
had commenced, and the first business was the
call of committees for reports.
cnmixal cases.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, from the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, reported back House
bill No. G35, to amend an act regulating pro-
ceedings in criminal eases, and for other pur-
poses, approved March 3r 186-5, with an amend-
ment.
£he bill provides that on the trial of any
offense in which the right of challenge to jurors
now exists the defendant shall be entitled to
only two peremptory challenges; provided that
nothing herein shall apply to the trial of trea-
son or capital offenses.
The amendment, of the committee was to
strike out "two" and insert "four."
The amendment was agreed to $ and the bill
as amended was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time and passed.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
qualifications of jurors.
Mr. LA WHENCE, of Ohio, also from the
same committee, reported back House bill No.
418, in relation to the qualifications of jurors
in certain cases, with a substitute.
The bill provides that in trials for treason
against the United States, and in trials for all
other high crimes and misdemeanors against
the United States committed by organized mil-
itary force, with strong hand and by multitude
of people, no juror shall be, by reason ofliaving
formed or expressed an opinion of the inno-
cence or guilt of the accused, based upon public
rumor, statements in public journals, or the
common history of the times, provided he be
otherwise competent, and upon his oath declare,
and it appear to the satisfaction of the courts
that, notwithstanding such opinion, he can and
will impartially try the accused upon the crime
charged in the indictment, and a true verdict
give upon the evidence to be produced upon
the trial.
The substitute was read, as follows:
Thatupon the trial of any person charged with trea-
son, or with setting on foot, assisting, or engaging
in any rebellion or insurrection against the author-
ity of the United States or the laws thereof, or with
giving aid and comfort to anv person engaged in any
such rebellion, or with engaging in or giving aid and
comfort to any rebellion or insurrection, whether
such crime shall have been heretofore or may here-
after be committed, if any juror or jurors in such
case and under examination as to his competency
as such juror, shall ttate that ho has formed and
expressed on opinion as to the guilt or innocence of
the accused and shall be objected to for that rea-
son, the court shall thereupon proeecd to examine
said juror as to tho ground of hid opinion ; and if it
shall appear to have been founded on reading news-
paper reports or upon rumor or hearsay, and not
upon conversation with witnesses of the transaction
or hearing them testify, and tho juror shall say ho
feels able, notwithstanding such opinion, to render
an impartial verdict upon the law and evidence, the
court, if satisfied that said juror will render such
impartial vcrdict, may in its discretion admit such
juror as a competent juror in such case.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the several
courts of tho United States, in addition to the author-
ity now exercised by them, shall have power to select
or order to be selected, by lot or otherwise, in such
manner as they may respectively deem proper, or as
the Supreme Court may bv rule troni time to time pre-
scribe, such jurors as mav he deemed ncces&ary for
the due administration of ju-Uice, and to issue and
enforce process therefor, or order tho same to be done
in term time or in the vacation of said courts.
Mr. LB bloni). Mr. Speaker, this I ua-
