1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
dergtand is an amendment, coming from the
committee, to the original bill.
The SPEAKER. A substitute.
Mr. LE BLOND. I would askihy colleague
if it has been printed.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. The substitute
reported by the committee has not yetbeen
printed. 1 will state, however, for the infor-
, mation of my colleague and ,tbe House, that
the first section of the bill, or rather of the
substitute, is copied substantially from the law
of Ohio regulating the qualifications of jurors.
That law my colleague is familiar with. It has
been recently sustained by a decision of the
supreme court of Ohio, in the case of the State
vs. Cooper, decided at the last term of the
court. I have never heard any objection to it
from the bench or bar of Ohio. This substi-
tute has been maturely considered by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and I have been in-
structed, without any dissent, I believe, from
any member of the committee, to report it and
recommend its passage. I think there can be
no objection to it.
Mr. LE BLOND. I wish to make this sug-
gestion .to my colleague, that inasmuch as this
substitute changes entirely the qualifications
of jurors, it would be but wise and proper that
it should be printed, so that all the members
of the House might see it and come to some
conclusion on the subject. It proposes a very
decided change from what has existed in former
years. I am aware that Ohio has a provision
Substantially like the one that has been reported
by this committee; but, sir, in the minds of
legal men in that State, it is very questionable
whether it is an improvement upon the old law.
I believe in the main it is considered not to be;
and that being so, gentlemen will ai once see
the necessity of weighing this question thor-
oughly before enacting it into the laws of the
United States.
Why, sir, if an individual who is called upon
to act as a juror in a case has expressed or
formed an opinion, even from newspaper re-
ports or from hearing A, B, or C express an
opinion in regard to the facts of the case, is
it not apparent that that man's mind is so
biased that it will require some evidence in
order to disabuse his mind before he can be-
come an impartial juror? I am not, for one,
prepared to say that this is a proper change
for this Congress or for any State to make in
regard to the qualification of jurors. We
should seek to have men upon juries who are
entirely free from any bias, who have neither
expressed nor formed an opinion in the case.
Then they are qualified to give due weight and
credit to the testimony, and to render a ver-
dict according to the preponderance of evi-
dence. But by the provisions of this amend-
ment they are not so qualified, because at the
very outset, you have got to overcome the bias
that has been created by newspaper or neigh-
borhood reports. I hope that my colleague
will permit this substitute to be printed so that
we may know better how to act in the premises.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. This amend-
ment contains but a single proposition which
any member can understand from hearing it
read. This subject has long been before Con-
gress. A bill was introduced in the Senate
on the 5th of December last and was consid-
ered there. The same bill has been considered
by the Judiciary Committee of the House, and
as the substitute for the first section contains
but a single proposition, which will be readily
understood, it seems to me there can be no
necessity for printing it. I hope the bill will
be disposed of. I have never yet in Ohio,
where a similar law is in force, heard any
objection made by auj lawyer, judge, or citi-
zen to its operation.
Mr. STE VENS. Mr. Speaker, this bill m ay
be all right, but of course it means to change
the qualifications of jurors or else there is no
necessity for it. If it does propose any such
change I would like to see what it says. Whether
it is very important that this amendment should
bo adopted 1 do not know, but in the present
state of things I think we should be very cau-
tions in making-afty changes in regard to our-
legal tribunals. While crimes ought to be pun-
ished and criminals brought to justice, I think
it is better that they should be tried by no new
law, no new qualification. I hope the gentle-
man will let it go over till Monday, and have it
printed.
Mr. LE BLOND. I believe the previous
question has not been seconded, and if not, I
will move that the bill be laid upon the table
and printed.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Oh, no ; not laid
upon the table ; let it be printed.
Mr. LE BLOND. Let it be postponed and
printed.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the further
consideration of the bill be postponed until
Monday next, and that it be printed.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
there are two or three postponed special orders
which will be anterior to this. - -
Mr. STEVENS. Then I will move to post-
pone it until Tuesday, and that it be printed.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I have no
objection to the postponement of the bill until
Tuesday, so that it may be printed and the
House may see it. I think it will be found
that there is no objection to it.
Mr. Stevens's motion was then agreed .to.
EIGHT OF ACTION OF LOYAL CITIZENS.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, from the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, reported back bill of
the House No. 603, to protect the right of
action of loyal citizens, with two amendments;
which were agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time : and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time and
passed.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The bill, as passed, provides that in all cases
where a citizen of the United States, who
always remained loyal thereto and did not
voluntarily give any aid or encouragement to
any persons engaged in rebellion, shall bring
an action to recover damages for injury to per-
son or property, or the value thereof, no such
action shall be defeated, or any defense al-
lowed, by virtue of the authority of the late
so-called confederate States of America, or of
any State declared in rebellion by-proclama-
tion of the President of the United States.
PAYMENT or PENSIONS.
Mr. PERHAM, from the Committee on
Invalid Pensions, reported back, with the
recommendation that it do pass, bill of the
Senate No. 69, to provide for the payment of
pensions.
The bill was read. It authorizes the Pres-
ident of the United States to establish agencies
for the payment of pensions granted by the
United Statc-s wherever in his judgment the
public interest and the convenience of pension-
ers requires, and by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate to appoint pension
agents who shall hold their offices for four
years, and until their successors shall be ap-
pointed and duly qualified ; provided, that no
existing office shall be considered as vacated
prior to an appointment by the President as
provided by the bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. There are
two or three amendments which I would like
to suggest to that bill, and I will state them, if
the gentleman from Maine will yield to me fox-
that purpose.
Mr. PERHAM. I will yield for that pur-
pose.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If the
House paid attention to the reading of the bill,
it will have seen that there is authority given
to the President to establish agencies for the
payment of pensions granted l)v the United
States wherever, in his opinion, it may be neces-
sary. Now, sir, I a-m opposed to giving that
sort of authority to the President or to anybody
else. I think we have a sufficient number of
pension agents already established. And I
am entirely indisposed to grant this further
power to the President. I shall therefore
move to strike out that part of the bill. And
I will also move an amendment to the proviso,.
so that it shall be the duty of the President to
send into the Senate the names of all the pen-
sion agents. There have been many removals
during the past season of the most trustworthy
pension agents we have, and most objectiona-
ble men have been appointed to their places.
In my own State a pension agent was removed,
and probably the most objectionable man in the
State, particularly to the soldiers, appointed to •-
his place* I want that man's nomination sent
to the Senate, and have it pass th^t ordeal if
it can.
Mr. BINGHAM. You will leave nothing
in the bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I propose
to have this bill amended, let it affect it as. it
may. I propose to amend the bill so as to
compel the President to sesd the names of all
these pension agents to the Senate; making
them in fact presidential appointments, instead
of being made as they now are by the Sec-
retary of the Interior.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I suggest to the
gentleman from Maine [Mr. Pesham] whether
it would not be proper to postpone the further
consideration of this bill for say a week from
Monday next; or until after the bill regulating
the appointing power of the President shall
have been acted upon, for the subject of this
bill is involved, to a greater or less extent, in
that bill.
Mr. PERHAM. There are some reasons
why the Committee on Invalid Pensions de-
sired immediate action upon this bill. I
would therefore prefer that the bill should
be acted upon now. But the committee will
not make any objection to such amendments
asthe House may see proper to make.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
to amend the proviso, by striking out after the
word "provided" the following:
That nothing herein contained shall be so construed
as to vacate any existing office prior to an appoint-
ment by the President, as herein provided.
And inserting in lieu thereof the following:
That the number of pension agencies in any State
or Territory shall not in any case exceed three;, and
thatno such agency shall be established in addition
to those now existing in any State or Territory in
which the whole amountof pensions paid during the
fiscal year next preceding shall not cave exceeded
the sum of $500,000.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I think the bill should
be further amended so as to embrace those
appointments which have been made since a
certain date, so as to cover appointments that
have been made during the last year, and re-
quire their names to be sent in to the Senate
for their action. The abuse has already been
committed. In my own State one of the worst
Copperheads in the State was appointed pen-
sion agent at Springfield not long ago. I want
liis name sent to the Senate, and let them pass
upon i'r.
Mr. PERHAM. I can only seek to perform
the duty imposed upon me by the committee,
and that is to ask that the bill be put upon its
passage. At the same time I will be willing to
consent to any amendments which the House
may think proper to adopt.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I move that this
bill, with the accompanying amendment, be
recommitted to the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions. 1 think there have been suggestions
made which that committee would do well to
consider.
Mr. PERHAM. I have no objection.
Mr. BINGHAM. I hope the motion will
be modified so as to include an order to print
the bill.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I will modify my
motion accordingly.
The motion, as modified, was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
that the committee have leave to report at any
time.
