790
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
■would be rather a small business to make in-
quiry about some particular man when we all
know that this is an abuse from all the Terri-
tories ; it is not confined to any one. It is a
crying abuse, and I think this resolution ought
to be amended so as to include all the territo-
rial officers. I am not willing to vote to in-
quire into the conduct of any one particular
officer when we all know that he is as little to
blame as others. I move to strike out the name
of the particular officer there and insert "Gov-
ernors, secretaries, and judges of the several
Territories." Then we shall have some in-
formation that will be useful.
Mr. WADE. I have no objection to the
amendment, only I want to specify the delin-
quencies of each.
Mr. HENDRICKS. It will have that effect.
Mr. WADE. I have no objection to make
it general.
The amendment was agreed to; and the res-
olution, as amended, was adopted, as follows:
Resolved, That the President be requested, at his
earliest convenience, to inform the Senate how often
the Governors, secretaries, and judges of the several
Territories have been absent from their posts of duty
in the Territories_ since their appointments; what
part of their time siuee the date of their commissions
has been spent in such absence from the Territories;
■whether their absence has been previously authorized
by leave granted in each instance; what was the
public necessity for such absence in each case and for
their presence at the national capital, if any of them
have been there or are there at this time; and also
whether any part, and if so how much and what part,
of the expenses of their several trips to the seat of
Government have been charged to the Government.
PRESIDENTIAL TEEM OP OFFICE.
Mr. POLAND. On Saturday the chairman
of the Committee on the Judiciary reported a
joint resolution proposing an amendment to
the Constitution of the United States restrict-
ing the presidential office to a single term. I
intended at that time to give notice that when
the resolution is brought up for consideration
I shall move to amend it by extending the term
from four to six years. A majority of the
committee did not deem it advisable to make
that amendment to the resolution; but I feel
authorized to say that that change will proba-
bly be satisfactory to a majority, perhaps to
every member of the committee. I am in
favor of the principle of the resolution, but in
favor of extending the term from four to six
years.
WILLIAM D. NELSON.
Mr. LANE. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of House joint reso-
lution No. 160. It is a resolution which passed
the House at the last session, and will not take
a moment to pass it.
The motion was agreed to; and the joint
resolution (H. It. No. 160) for the relief of
William D. Nelson was considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It provides for the pay-
ment to William D. Nelson of SI,000 for Ms
services in recruiting for the Union Army in
East Tennessee during the years 1861 and
1862.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Is there a report in
that case ?
_ Mr. LANE. I will explain in a moment the
circumstances of the case. The joint resolu-
tion is accompanied by a long report from the
Military Committee of the House of Repre-
sentatives; but the facts may be briefly stated.
Mr. Nelson was a citizen of East Tennessee
at the beginning of the rebellion; and without
having any commission he recruited a thou-
sand men, made sixteen trips over the mount-
ains of East Tennessee to Kentucky, and put
his men into the Army at the expense of his
property and the hazard of his life. He never
received a commission in the Army. These
recruits were all forwarded to the Army with-
out any expense of transportation to the Gov-
ernment, he bearing the whole responsibility.
Our committee thought that, for a thousand
men $1,000 was the least possible compensa-
tion he ought to have. The proof was positive
as to all the facts.
Mr. GRIMES. It seems to me that we may
possibly establish a very bad precedent in this
case. If every person who was instrumental-
in securing the recruitment of individuals dur-
ing the war is to be paid a dollar a head we
may deplete the Treasury to a greater extent
than is apparent on the face of the resolution
or than anybody may suppose who is in favor
of its passage. I think it is a new principle.
We have never done such a thing before, and
it would be well for us to ponder on the subject a
little before we agree to do it. I apprehend
that there are thousands and tens of thousands
of cases that stand precisely on the same prin-
ciple ; and unless there is something very ex-
traordinary in this case which has not been
detailed to us by the Senator from Indiana, and
which we do not know as yet, it seems to me
we ought not to pass the resolution.
Mr. LANE. I know of no other single case
having been presented to any committee em-
bracing any of the facts substantially that are
embraced in this case. This is the case of a
Union man doing all he could to sustain the
Union cause, driven out from home, carrying
refugees from the mountains of East Tennessee
to Kentucky, making sixteen trips as is shown
by the papers, and only asking $1,000 for it.
I do not think it is possible that very many
similar cases will be presented, but just as often
as a similar case is presented I shall be in favor
of allowing compensation.
Mr. PATTERSON. Mr. President, the
proof shows, in addition to what has been
stated by my friend from Indiana, that after
he had carried upward of a thousand troops
to the Union Army, Mr. Nelson himself, being
fifty-five years of age, entered the service with
four of his sons, two of whom were killed in
battle, and the father and the two surviving
sons served three years and were honorably
discharged. I think the compensation pro-
posed is very inadequate for the services of
Mr. Nelson ; but I had nothing to do with get-
ting up the bill. If I had introduced it I should
have asked for a greater sum.
The joint resolution was reported to the.Sen-
ate, ordered to a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
CATHERINE WELSH.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, the bill (H.
R. No. 486) for the relief of Catherine Welsh
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It provides that Catherine Welsh, widow of
private John Welsh, late of company E,
twenty-sixth regiment of Illinois volunteer
infantry, shall be 'authorized to receive the
bounty, back pay, and allowances due to John
Welsh, without being required to make other
or further proof of his death than that already
■ furnished.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third reading, read the third time, and
passed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
_ A message from the House of Representa-
tives, bjr Mr. Lloyd, its Chief Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills,
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate;
A bill (I-I. R. No. 1058) for the relief of
the minor children of Solomon Long;
A bill (H. R. No. 1059) for the relief of
Sylvanus Sawyer and William E. Ward ; and
A bill _ (H. R. No. 1079) to provide for
examinations of the Treasury Department and
other Executive Departments.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the enrolled
joint resolution (H. It. No. 244) to amend
existing laws relating to internal revenue ; and
it was thereupon signed by the President pro
tempore of the Senate.
HABEAS CORPUS.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I now move to proceed
to the consideration of House bill No. 605,
which we had up in the morning hour a few
days ago, and which was laid over at the re-
quest of the Senator from Indiana.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 605) to amend an act to establish the
judicial courts of the United States, ap-
proved September 24, 1789.
Mr. TRUMBULL. When this bill was up
the other day the Senator from Maryland sug-
gested that under it a judge of a United States
court in one part of the Union would be author-
ized to issue a writ of habeas corpvs to bring
before him a person confined in another and a
remote part of the Union. I do not think the
bill is susceptible of that construction. I think
the judges and courts would under the bill be
confined to their respective jurisdictions; but if
the language is so broad that the Senator from
Maryland thinks it may be susceptible of that
construction, I shall have no objection to amend-
ing it by inserting after the word " courts''in the
fourth line of the first section the words '' within
their respective jurisdictionsso that it would
then read, " that the several courts of the Uni-
ted States and the several justices and judges
of such courts, within their respective jurisdic-
tions," &c. If that will meet the views of the
Senator from Maryland, I will move that amend-
ment, or if he prefers, he can move an amend-
ment in such form satisfactory to him as will
accomplish the same object.
Mr. JOHNSON. The amendment proposed
by the honorable chairman is entirely satisfac-
tory to me. I suggested the necessity of an
amendment the other day because I know that
the late Chief Justice of the United States
decided that under the laws as they stand pro-
cess issued by a judge of the Supreme Court
in cases where those judges have a right to
issue process extends all over the Union.
That I am satisfied might lead to a practical
evil. The amendment proposed by the hon-
orable chairman is entirely satisfactory to me
and removes that difficulty.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment was ordered to be engrossed
and the bill read the third time. The bill was
read the third time, and passed.
COUNTERFEITING, ETC., PUBLIC SECURITIES.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the Seriate
now proceed to the'eonsideration of House bill
No. 719.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (H.
R. No. 719) to punish certain crimes in rela-
tion to the public securities and currency, and
for other purposes, was considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
The first section provides that if any person
or persons shall buy, sell, exchange, transfer,
receive, or deliver any false, forged, counter-
feited or altered bond, bill, certificate of in-
debtedness, certificate of deposit, coupon, draft,
check, bill of exchange, money order, indorse-
ment, United States note, Treasury note, cir-
culating note, postage stamp, revenue stamp,
postage stamp note, fractional note, or other
obligation or security of the United States, or
circulating note of any banking association
organized or acting under the laws of the Uni-
ted States, which has been issued or may here-
after be passed under any act of Congress
heretofore issued, or .which may hereafter be
passed, with the intent, expectation, or belief
that the same shall or will be passed, altered,
published, or used as true and genuine, such
person or persons so offending shall be deemed
guilty of felony, and on conviction thereof shall
be imprisoned not more than fifteen years, or
fined not more than $10,000, or both, at the
discretion of the court.
The second section makes it unlawful to
design, engrave, print, or in any manner make
or execute, or to utter, issue, distribute, circu-
late, or use any business or professional card,
notice, placard, circular, handbill, or adver-
tisement, in the likeness or similitude of any
bond, certificate of indebtedness, certificate of
deposit, coupon, United States note, Treasury
note, circulating note, fractional note, postage
stamp, note, or other obligation or security of
the United States, or of any banking asso-
