1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
791
ciatioa organized or acting under the laws
thereof, which has been or tnay be issued
under or authorized by any act of Congress
heretofore passed or which may hereafter be
passed. Any person or persons offending
against the provisions of this section shall, on
conviction, be fined §1,000, to be recovered
by an action of debt, one half to the use of the
informer.
The third section makes it unlawful to write,
print, or otherwise impress upon any bond,-
certificate of indebtedness, or other instru-
ment specified in the preceding section, any
business or professional card, notice or adver-
tisement, or any notice or advertisement of any
goods, wares, or merchandise, or of any drug
or medicine, or of any invention or patent,
and prescribes a penalty of $300, to be re-
covered by action of debt, one half to the use
of the informer.
Section four provides that if any person shall,
without authority from the United States, take,
procure, make, or cause to be taken, procured,
or made, upon lead, foil, wax, plaster, paper,
or any other substance or material, an impres-
sion, stamp, or imprint of, from, or by the use
of any bed-plate, bed-piece, die, roll, plate, seal,
type, or other tool, implement, instrument, or
thing used or fitted or intended to be used in
printing, stamping, or impressing, or in mak-
ing other tools, implements, instruments, or
things to be used or fitted or intended to be
used in printing, stamping, or impressing any
kind or description of bond, bill, note, certifi-
cate, coupon, or other paper, obligation, secur-
ity, or instrument now authorized or hereafter
to be authorized by law, to be executed,
altered, delivered, given, issued, or put in cir-
culation by, for, or in behalf of the United
States, such jperson shall be deemed guilty of
felony, and, on conviction, be punished by
imprisonment not more than fifteen years nor
less than five years, or by fine not less than
$5,000, or both, at the discretion of the court.
The fifth section provides the same punish-
ment for any person who shall have in his pos-
session, keeping, custody, or control, without
authority from the United States, any imprint,
stamp, or impression, taken or made upon any
substance or material whatsoever, of any tool,
implement, instrument, or thing used or fitted,
or intended to be used for any or either of the
purposes mentioned in the preceding section,
or who shall sell, give, or deliver any such
imprint, stamp, or impression, to any other
person.
The sixth section provides for the same pun-
ishment for any person, whether employed
under the United States or not, who shall,
without authority from the United States,
secrete within, embezzle, or take and carry
away from any building, room, office, apart-
ment, vault, safe, or other place where the
same is kept, used, emploj'ed, placed, lodged,
or deposited by authority of the United States,
any bed-piece, bed-plate, roll, plate, die, seal,
type, or othpr tool, implement, or thing used,
or fitted to be used in stamping or printing, or
in making some other tool or implementused,
or fitted to be used, in stamping^ or printing
any kind or description of bond, bill, note, cer-
tificate, coupon, postage stamp, revenue stamp,
fractional currency, note, or other paper,
instrument, obligation, device, or document,
now authorized or hereafter to be authorized
by law to be printed, stamped, sealed, pre-
pared, issued, uttered, or put in circulation by
or on behalf of the United States ; or who shall,
without such authority, so secrete, embezzle,
or take and carry away any paper, parchment,
or other material prepared and intended to be
used in the making of any or either of such
papers, instruments, obligations, devices, or
documents ; or who shall, without such author-
ity, so secrete, embezzle, or take and carry
away any paper, parchment, or other material
printed or stamped, in whole or in part, and
intended to be prepared, issued, or put in cir-
culation, by or on behalf of the United States,
as one of the papers, instruments, or obli-
gations hereinbefore named, or printed, or
stamped, in whole or in part, in the similitude
of any such paper, instrument, or obligation,
whether it be intended to issue or put the same
in circulation or not.
Section seven imposes the same punishment
on any person who shall take and carry away,
without authority from the United States, from
the place where it has been filed, lodged, or
deposited, or where it may for the time being
actually be kept by authority of the United
States, any certificate, affidavit, deposition,
written statement of facts, power of attorney,
receipt, voucher, assignment, or other docu-
ment, record, file, or paper, prepared, fitted,
or intended to be used or presented in order to
procure the payment of money from or by the
United States, or any officer or agent thereof,
or the allowance or payment of the whole or
any part of any claim, account, or demand
against the United States, whether the same
has or has not already been so used or pre-
sented, and whether such claim, account, or
demand, or any part thereof, has or has not
already been allowed or paid; or any person
who shall present or use, or attempt to use, any
such document, record, file, or paper, so taken
and carried away, in order to procure the pay-
ment of any money from or by the United
States, or any officer or agent thereof, or the
allowance or payment of the whole or any part
of any claim, account, or demand against the
United States.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third reading, read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. HENDRICKS subsequently said: I
desire to make a motion to reconsider the vote
on the passage of House bill No. 719. It is a
bill that was reported at the last session by the
Committee on the Judiciary. I am of the im-
pression, and I think the chairman is also of
that impression, that the penalties are left
higher than the committee intended. I wish
to interpose the motion to reconsider now to
avoid the engrossment of the bill, and we can
examine it and see if that be the case.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
to reconsider will be entered.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills from the House of Rep-
resentatives were severally read twice by their
titles, and referred as indicated below :
A bill (H. R. No. 1058} for the relief of the
minor children of Solomon Long—to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
A bill (H. R. No. 1059) for the relief of
Sylvanus Sawyer and William E. Ward—to
the Committee on Patents and the Patent
Office.
A bill (H. R. No. 1079) to provide for exam-
inations of the Treasury Department and other
Executive Departments—to the Committee on
Finance.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGXED.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Lloyd, its Chief Clerk, announced
that the Speaker of the House had signed the
enrolled hill (H. R. No. 486) for the relief of
Catherine Welsh ; and the enrolled joint reso-
lution (H. R. No. 160) for the relief of Wil-
liam D. Nelson ; and they were thereupon
signed by the President pro tempore of the
Senate.
ABSEXCE OP TERRITORIAL OFFICERS.
On motion of Mr. WADE, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the bill (S. No. 32) to prevent the
absence of territorial officers from their offi-
cial duties.
Mr. GRIMES. I would suggest that some
of the words in the first line of the first section
be transposed so as to read "no person now
in office in any Territory," instead of ''no
person in any Territory now in office.
Mr. WILLIAMS. The phraseology used in
the bill is intended to include persons who are
now in the Territory in office, and the subse-
quent portion of the section is intended to
embrace persons who may hereafter bo ap-
pointed to office by the President. If the
phraseology be changed as proposed, it will
not apply to persons now in office.
Mr. GRIMES. I inquire whether, if the
bill stands as reported, it will include persons
who hold a commission for an office who are
now outside of the Territory?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I think there is some
force in this phraseology. Suppose a man is
in the city of Washington now who has been
appointed to office in a Territory. He holds
the office in the Territory, but he is not in the
Territory, and if he is not there within thirty
days then he is to be, by the terms of this bill,
removed from office. The bill, as it was origin-
ally prepared was intended to apply to per-
sons now in the Territory holding office, and
to provide that any such persons who should
absent themselves from the Territory for thirty
days should be removed; and this provision is
made for persons who may be hereafter ap-
pointed to office. The object is to allow
persons who are now appointed to office, but
have not yet assumed the performance of
the duties, time to go there and enter upon
the discharge of their duties.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I call for -the order of
the day, the unfinished business of Saturday.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
During the consideration of the tariff bill,
the following message was received from the
President of the United States, by Mr. W. G.
Moore, his Secretary:
Mr. President : I am directed by the Pres-
ident to return to the Senate, in which House
it originated, the bill (S. No. 462) to admit the
State of Colorado into the Union, with his objec-
tions thereto in writing.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
The message further an n ounced that the Pres-
ident had approved and signed on the 22d in-
stant the following bills and joint resolution:
A bill (S. No. 177) to incorporate the Na-
tional Safe Deposit Company of Washington,
in the District of Columbia:
A bill (S. No. 311) for the relief of James
Pool;
A bill (S. No. 383) for the relief of Lewis
Dyer, late surgeon of the eighty-first regiment
Illinois volunteers; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 151) appropri-
ating money to defray the expenses of the joint
select Committee on Retrenchment.
TABIFE BILL.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, it becomes the duty
of the Chair to call up the unfinished business
of Saturday, which is the bill (H. R. No. 718)
to provide increased revenue from imports, and
for other purposes. This bill has been reported -
to the Senate from the Committeeof the \\ hole,
and the question is in concurring in the amend-
ment made as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Before that question is
put, I should like to have certain amendments
that were made in committee rejected. I can-
not enumerate them all; they are simply as to
sums or rates, and I should like to have the cor-
rections made now.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will suggest that there is but one amendment
which was made in Committee of the ^ hole.
It is true that amendment was amended in
divers particulars, but the question is simply
upon concurring in the amendment made as in
Committee of the Whole: and if the amendment
be concurred in it will not then be in order
without a violation,of the ruies to amend it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. But there are several
amendments made at the suggestion of the
Committee on Finance which we do not wish
the Senate to concur in, because they were
moved under a mistake. I cannot enumerate
them all now, but they are very slight generally.
If there is no objection I should like to dispose
of them before the general question of concur-
rence is put.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. _ The Chair
meant to suggest that the mode which the rules
