1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2f:
league island.
On motion of Mr. ANTHONY, it was
Ordered, That the bill (H. E. No. 452) to authorize
the Secretary of the Navy to accept League Island,
in tlio Delaware river, for naval purposes, and to dis-
pense with and dispose of the site of the existing
yard at Philadelphia, be recommitted to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
house bills referred.
The following bills from the House of Rep-
  resentatives were severally read twice by their
titles, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary:
A bill (H. R. No. 603) to protect the rights
of action of loyal citizens; and
A bill (H. R. No. 635) to amend an act
regulating proceedings in criminal cases, and
for other purposes, approved March 3, 1865.
selection of jurors in utah.
Mr. WADE. I move that the Senate take
up Senate bill No. 404.
Mr. JOHNSON. What bill is it?
Mr. WADE. It is a bill to amend the
charter of Utah.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 404) to regulate the
selection of grand and petit jurors in the Ter-
ritory of Utah, and for other purposes.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I wish to inquire of
the Senator from Ohio whether he intends to
ask for the present consideration of the bill.
Mr. WADE. No. I have moved to take it
up in order that an amendment may be offered
by the Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Howard,]
and ordered to be printed, and then the bill
can be laid upon the table. I design to call it
up, however, at a very early period of the
session.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill is
before the Senate.
Mr. HOWARD. I do not suppose that the
Senate will enter upon the consideration of
this bill at the present time. It is only brought
up by the honorable Senator from Ohio now
for the purpose of enabling me to offer an
amendment with a view to have it printed. The
amendment is of considerable importance, and
I therefore beg to present it to the Senate and
ask that it be printed, and then the bill itself
can lie over.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The order
to print the amendment will be made, if there
be no objection.
Mr. SHERMx\N. I suppose thatthe bill is to
lie on the table now ; I believe that is the under-
standing. I desire to take up the resolution
that I introduced yesterday in regard to the
admission of reporters to the floor of the Sen-
ate, with a view of having it referred to the
Committee on Printing.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
and the amendment will lie on the table, no
ojection being interposed.
TELEGRAPHIC REPORTS.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now make my motion.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
resumed the consideration of the following res-
olution :
Resolved, Thatthe Sereeant-at-Arms be directed
to provide scats on the floor 6f the Senate for the
accommodation of one reporter for the New York
Associated Press, and one reporter for the United
States and European News Association.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now move that the
resolution be referred to the Committee on
Printing.
The motion was agreed to.
BANKRUPT LAW.
Mr. POLAND. I desire to give notice to
the Senate that on Monday next I shall move
to take up for consideration House bill No.
598, to establish a uniform system of bankruptcy
throughout the United States.
adjournment to monday.
On motiou of Mr. GRIMES, it was
Ordered, That, when the Senate adjourn to-day, it
be to meet on Monday next.
disbanbment Of militia.
Mr. WILSON. I give notice that early next
week I shall move to take up the joint resolu-
tion (S. R. No. 32) to disband the militia forces
in certain States and to prohibit their reorgani-
zation.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjpurned. ^
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, December 6, 1866.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by Rev. Mansfield French.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
withdrawal op papers.
Mr. HUNTER. I ask leave to withdraw
from the files of the House the papers of James
S. Purdy, which were referred at the last ses-
sion to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. THAYER. I suppose it is understood
that the withdrawal shall be made on the usual
condition—that copies of the papers be left.
The SPEAKER. That will be understood,
and if there be no objection, the leave asked
will be granted.
There was no objection.
enrolled joint resolution.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that the committee had exam-
ined and found truly enrolled a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 212) to appoint two managers for
the National Asylum for Disabled Volunteer
Soldiers, to fill certain vacancies; which was
thereupon signed by the Speaker.
RETURNS OE CUSTOMS COLLECTORS.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of State, transmitting, in com-
pliance with the act of Congress of March 2,
1799, an abstract of returns made by collectors
of customs in pursuance of the act of May 28,
1296 ; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
EXCUSED FROM COMMITTEE SERVICE.
The SPEAKER. In consequence of service
on other committees, the gentleman from Iowa
[Mr. Allison] desires to be excused from
further service on the Committee on Mines and
Mining; the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Fauqehar] from service on the Committee on
the Militia; and the gentleman from Wisconsin
[Mr. Cobb] and the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Hart] from service on the Committee
for the District of Columbia. If there be no
objection, the Chair will understand that these
gentlemen are excused.
There was no objection.
Mr. PAINE. I ask the House to excuse
me from further service on the Committee of
Elections.
There being^no objection, Mr. Paine was
excused.
GOVERNMENT CONTROL OF TELEGRAPHS.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, by unani-
mous consent, submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on thcPost Office and
Post Roads bo instructed to inquiro into the expedi-
ency of conferring upon the Post Office Department
the same juiisdiction and control over the various
telegraph lines, now in operation or hereafter to bo
constructed, that is now exorcised over post offices
and post roads, and to report by bill or otherwiso.
registry of vessels.
Mr. SPALDING, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
directed to inquire into the expediency of granting
American registers to the bark Thermutis, the
schooner Etowah, and the schooner Wirrilitc, all of
Cleveland, Ohio, and that said committee have leave
to report by hill or otherwise.
tennessee contested election.
Mr. COOPER, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That Dorsey B. Thomas, who contests the
seat now occupied in this House by Hon. Samuel M.
Arnell, from the sixth district of Tennessee, be
allowed a seat on the floor of the House during the
pendency of such contest.
desertion of drafted men.
Mr. PAINE. Mr. Speaker, I offered, on last
Tuesday, a resolution calling on the Secretary
of War for certain information in regard to de-
serters from the draft. The consideration of
that resolution at that time was objected to
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Ancona. ] That gentleman is now willing that
the House shall act upon it; and I ask that by
unanimous consent it be taken up for consid-
eration.
There was no • objection; and the House
proceeded to the consideration of the resolu-
tion.
Mr. PAINE. I desire to modify the reso-
lution in one or two particulars, in accordance
with the suggestion of a member. I wish to-
specify the period to which the inquiry is in-
tended to apply, namely, since the commence-
ment of the late rebellion. I also wish to in-
clude a provision requiring the Secretary of
War to famish us the reasons for which any
drafted men have been exempted.
The resolution, as modified, was read and
agreed to, as follows:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed
to communicate to this House the names of all per--
sons who, having been duly enrolled and draftedinto'
the military and naval service of the United States,
failed to report to the proper authorities under such
draft, or were for any reason exempted therefrom,
showing the districts and sub-districts in which they
were severally enrolled and drafted, and the grounds
upon which any persons so enrolled and drafted were
exempted; also, the names of all persons who, under
the provisions of the twenty-first section of the act
entitled "An act to amend the several acts heretofore
passed to provide for the enrolling and calling out
thenational forces, and for other purposes," approved
March S, 1863, forfeited their rights of citizenship and
their right to beeome citizens, and became forever
incapable of holding any office of trust or profit un-
der the United States, or of exercising any right of
citizens thereof, by desertion from the military or
naval service, showing the residence and the com-
pany and regiment or ship of each deserter.
Mr. PAINE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
removals oe postmasters.
Mr. DRIGGS. I rise for the purpose of
calling up a similar resolution offered day
before yesterday, calling upon the Postmaster.
General for information, and which laid over
one day under the rules, objection being made.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That the Postmaster General be, and is
hereby, requested to communicate to the House the
following information:
1. The number and names of all postmasters in
each of the States that have been removed since the
adjournment of the last session of Congress.
2. The reasons in the case of each officer so re-
moved.
3. The names of all new appointees.
4. Whether the salaries of any or all of the new
appointees have been increased over that of their
predecessors, and if so, to what extent in each case,
and for what reasons, and to what sums sueh'increase
will amount in the aggregate.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I object.
The SPEAKER. It will have to lay over
until regularly reached.
pension bureau.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Mew York, by unanimous
consent, submitted the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to :
Rcioteed, That the Committee on Invalid Pensions
bo instructed to inquire into the expediency of reor-
ganizing the Pension Bureau, and providing clerical
force and other assistants equal to the demands of its
increased business, and report by bill or otherwise.
extreatj of refugees, etc.
The SPEAKER laid before the House v a
communication from the Secretary of War, m
answer to a resolution of the House of May
28, 1^(50, in regard to the amount of funds
received by the Bureau of Refugees, Freed-
men. and Abandoned Lands, from what source
