1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
oath: also to appoint a clerk, and to report such ap-
propriate legislative action as may be required in
view of the condition of affairs in the State of Louisi-
ana. ,
Mr. NIBLACK. I would ask the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Eliot] to accept an
amendment to his resolution.
Sir. ELIOT. I will hear it.
Mr. NIBLACK. the amendment I would
suggest is that the select committee also pro-
ceed to the city of Indianapolis, in the State of
Indiana, and investigate the riot that occurred
there at the time of the visit of the President,
in September last.
Mr. ELIOT. That is a distinct matter; and
if the gentleman desires an investigation of it
he can move a select committee for that pur-
pose. The committee I desire to have ap-
pointed will have as much as they can attend to.
Mr. NIBLACK. It would be very little out
of the way for the committee to go to Indian-
apolis. I think the same committee can inves-
tigate both subjects.
Mr. ELIOT. I call the previous-question
upon agreeing to the resolution.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. ELIOT moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was agreed to; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
BRIBERY AT ELECTIONS.
Mr. GARFIELD submitted the following
resolution, upon which he called the previous
question:
Whereas it appears that the corrupt use of money
to carry cleetions i? becoming prevalent to an alarm-
ing extent: Therefore,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be
directed to inquire into the expediency of passing a
law to provide more perfectly for punishing all
bribery at elections, and to make'any person ineli-
gible to office who shall bo found guilty of purchasing
votes.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was agreed to;
and«also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
COURTS IN ILLINOIS.
Mr. MOULTON introduced a bill to provide
for additional terms of the circuit and district
courts of the United States, in the southern
district of Illinois; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
IMPARTIAL SUFFRAGE. .
Mr. MORRILL presented a joint resolution
of the Legislature of the State of Vermont, in
regard to guarantying equal and impartial
suffrage; which was referred to the joint com-
mittee on reconstruction and ordered to be
printed.
PROTECTION 0? WOOL.
Mr. MORRILL also presented a joint resolu-
tion of the Legislature of the State of Vermont,
asking that the protection in favor of wool
provided by the tariff bill presented at the last
session of Congress receive its early consider-
ation and attention; which was referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means, and ordered
to be printed.
APPOINTMENTS IN INTERIOR DEPARTMENT.
Mr. DRIGGS. I submit the following res-
olution for consideration at the present time:
Resolved, That the Secretary of tho Interior be,
and he is hereby, requested to communicate to this
House the following information, namely:
1. The number and names in eaehof theStatcs and
Territories of alt registers and receivers of land offices,
Indian agents, commissioners, ami other persons em-
ployed in his Department, who have been removed
since the adjournment ofthe last session of Congress,
together with the names of their successors, and the
causes and reasons in each case for such removals
and appointments.
2. Whother tho salaries or emoluments of persons
bo appointed have been increased over those of their
predecessors; and if so, to what extent in eaeh case
and in the aggregate.
The SPEAKER. This being a call for exec-
utive information, requires unanimous consent
for consideration on this day.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I object.
The resolution was accordingly laid over one
day under the rule.
ELECTORAL COLLEGE, ETC.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, submitted the follow-
ing resolution, upon which he called the previous
question:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be
instructed to inquire whether any legislation is ne-
cessary to more fully regulate the powers and duties
of the Clerk of the House of Representatives relative
to the organization of the House at the commence-
ment of Congress; also what additional legislation,
if any, is required to prevent the reception and count-
ing of electoral votes, in the election of President and
Vice President, from communities not entitled to
participate in such election; and whether any other
amendment of the law concerning the Electoral Col-
lege is demanded by the interest of the country, and
to report by bill or otherwise.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the resolution was agreed to;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MARTIAL LAW.
Mr. KASSON submitted the following reso-
lution, upon which he called the previous ques-
tion:
Resolved, That the Judiciary Committee consider
the propriety of providing by law that it shall be the
dutyof the President to establishinartial lawinevory
county or district of the States lately in rebellion
wherein murders of citizens adhering to tho Union
shall take place and the local authorities do not
promptly arrest, convict, and punish the murderers,
and that said committee report by bill or otherwise.
The previous question was seconded and the
main qufestion ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was agreed to.
EXCHANGE OF REGISTERED BONDS.
Mr. PRICE introduced, by unanimous con-
sent, a bill authorizing an exchange of regis-
tered for coupon bonds; which was read a first
and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. HALE. I think this bill should be re-
ferred to and considered by a committee.
Mr. PRICE. I have no objection. I move
that the bill be referred to the Committee on
Banking and Currency.
Mr. WENTWORTH. The Committee of
Ways and Means have charge of this subject.
I move to amend the motion of the gentleman
from Iowa, [Mr. Price,] so that the bill shall
be referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means.
The amendment was adopted; and the mo-
tion. as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. WENTWORTH moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was referred; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider bo
laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MERCHANDISE IN BONDED WAREHOUSES.
Mr. DARLING submitted the following
resolution; which was read*, considered, and
agreed to :
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
directed to inquiro into tho expediency of determin-
ing bylaw tho rates to be charged lor storage of
merchandise in all bonded warehouses, and also for I
cartage on the same, and report by bill or otherwise, i
Mr. DARLING moved to reconsider tho '
vote by which the resolution was agreed to: !
and also moved that the motion to reconsider |
be laid upon tho table. j
The latter motion was agreed to.
farm wagons.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE submitted the follow-
ing resolution : which wa.-> read, considered,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means
he instructed to inquire into the expediency of
placing farm wagons upon the free list in the in-
ternal revenue law. - -
SUFFRAGE IN DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Mr. FARQUHAR submitted the following
resolution; which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be
instructed to report an amendment to file election
laws of the District of Columbia, excluding from the
right of suffrage within said District all-persons who
voluntarily bore arms against the United States or
accepted office from the rebels during the late
rebellion.
Mr. FARQUHAR moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider he
laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
RECORDS OF RECRUITING, ETC.
Mr. COBB submitted the followingresolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs
be. and they are hereby, directed to Inquire into tho
expediency of providing by law for turning over to
the State governments of the several loyal States all
books, records, and papers of the late Provost Mar-
shal General's Bureau now remaining in such States
respectively, and which appertain to the subject of
recruiting, drafting, orfilling quotas of troops in such
States during thelate war; or ifsueh action be deemed
inexpedient, that provision be made for the collec-
tion of such books, records, papers, &c„ at the seat of
Government, their safe-keeping, and that duly cer-
tified copies thereof be made legal evidence in all
courts and places.
Mr. COBB moved to reconsider the vote -by
which the resolution was agreed to; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
TRAVEL OVER THE PLAINS.
Mr. DONNELLY submitted the following
resolution; which was read, considered, and
agreed to;
Whereas emigration, travel, and trade between
the States of the Mississippi valley and tho States
of the Pacific coast have been and now are greatly
interrupted by the hostility of the Indian tribes on
the great plains; and whereas it is a reproach to our
Government that its citizens cannot pass from one
portion of the national domain to another without
danger to life and property at the hands of a few
thousand savages: Therefore,
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested
to report to this House what addition to the force of
the regular Army would be required to thoroughly
protect communication by two great routes across
the continent, to wit, a route upon the general line
of the Union Pacific railroad, and a route upon the
general line of the Northern Pacific railroad; and
that he also be requested to communicate to this
House the report of the tour of inspection made dur-
ing the past season, under direction of General Grant,
through the Territories of Dakota, Montana, and
Idaho to tho Pacific coast.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
Mr. PHELPS submitted the following res-
olution ; which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the personal representatives of Rich-
ard Hall have leave to withdraw their memorial pray-
ing compensation for losses sustained during the late
war with Great Britain.
PROTECTION OF NATURALIZED CITIZENS.
Mr. BANKS submitted the following resolu-
tion: which was read, considered, andagreedto:
Resolved, That the Committee on Foreign Affairs
be instructed to inquire what measures are necessary
toseeuretherecognition by other nationsof theprin-
ciple that tho naturalization by the United States of
any native-born subject of anotherState exempts such
naturalised citizen from the performance of military
service under any foreign Government, and entitles
liim to all the privileges of citizens of tho United
States in foreign lands, &o long as be does not volun-
tarily renounce its rights and benefits..
APPOINTMENT OF POSTMASTERS.
The House proceeded, as the next business
in order, to consider resolutions calling for
executive information, and lying over under
the rule. The first resolution was the follow-
ing, offered on last Tuesday by Mr. Driggs :
Raolvnl, That the Postmaster General be, and is
hereby, requested to communieate to the House the
following information:
1. The number and names of all postmasters in
each of the States that have been removed since tho
adjournment of the last session of Congress.
2. The reasons in the case of each officer so removed.
3. The names of all new appointees.
