794
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28*
cheaper there than it is here. But when they
bring these stones here in competition with our
own they do not graduate their price by what
they can afford to sell at, but by what we can
afford to sell our article at with our enhanced
labor; so that the consumer of the stones
really does not get them any cheaper. It will
yield a great deal of revenue if we impose this
duty, while the stones will not come any dearer
than they do now, as they gauge their price,
not by what they can afford to sell them at,
but what they can force us to pay. I think
there ought to be this protection upon these
kinds of stone. I have couplcd them together
because I know that in Connecticut, and in
various other parts of the country, these free-
stones are an article of very extensive use, and
they have competition from the sapie source,
as J understand; but I leave that part of the
proposition to be stated by those gentlemen
who are more particularly concerned in it. I
hope, sir, that this alteration will be made.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, the ques-
tion, I apprehend, is not precisely as has been
stated by the honorable Senator. The com-
mittee fixed this duty after very considerable
deliberation on both clauses, and the Senator,
although there is no sort of connection between
them, has coupled them all together for the
reason, I suppose, that by so doing he may
couple votes together; so that those interested
in one part of his proposition will vote for the
other, whether they care anything about it or
not.
Now, sir, the fact is simply this: grindstones
for the section of country all along the Atlantic
are brought from Nova Scotia. They are a
rough article, and are used by everybody:
Every farmer has a grindstone; all the mills
have large grindstones; and they make a con-
siderable item of expense. Stone out of which
to make them is not found along our Atlantic
border; but near Cleveland, in the State of
Ohio, near where the Senator lives, there is a
grindstone quarry, and I am told it is the only
one in the western country. I am informed by
a Senator near ma. that nobody ever saw out
there a grindstone that did not come from that
quarry ; and I suppose nobody ever saw on the
Atlantic a grindstone that did. The reason is
a very simple one. They do not interfere with
each other at all. The grindstones from Nova
Scotia cannot interfere with the grindstones in
the West, for the simple reason that the cost
of transportation is so -very great on these
heavy articles that none go from the Atlantic
to the West and none come from the West to
the Atlantic. Then the effect of this proposi-
tion is simply to impose a very heavy burden
on those who use them on the Atlantic border
by imposing a very heavy duty that they must
pay, or else take their grindstones from the
West and pay the great expense of the trans-
portation of that large, rough, and heavy article.
They do not interfere with each other a par-
ticle; and the effect of this increased duty
would be to impose this additional burden
upon every man, either in the East or in the
West, who uses a grindstone.
Well, sir, what are they ? They are a rough
article; they come in perfectly rough ; the
block out out perhaps a little rounded and a
hole bored through the'middle of it, but the
finishing not done at all; and we impose a
heavier duty on the finished article in order to
have the finishing done in this country. The
only effect of putting so heavy a duty on a
rough stone of that description, so heavy and
in such general use, will be to increase the
profits largely of this Cleveland quarry, in-
crease the cost to the consumers in that sec-
tion of country, and, if possible, force the
people on the .A-tlantic border to purchase
them at the great additional expense of trans-
portation by railroad.
Mr. HENDERSON. It makes the article
pay more into the Federal Treasury?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Exactly; it makes it
pay more money into the Federal Treasury;
but the query is, whether we should receive
more ? I want to read a letter to show what
the effect will be. Here is a letter addressed
to a Senator of this body, which I will read:
"I notice by the papers that the tariff bill is ex-
pected to be a matter of-action by the Senate in the
early part of next week. I do not know the features
of the bill as passed by the House as I have had no
copy; but I wish to call your attention to one article
which I understand it is proposed to subject to a
greatly increased duty. I allude to grindstones. The
cost of this article in Nova Scotia is not far from ten
dollars per ton; the present duty is ten per cent, ad
valorem, or about one dollar per ton. 1 learn that
the bill as it passed the House charges a duty of five
dollars per ton specific, or equal to fifty per cent, ad
valorem, and I understand that an effort is being
made by certain interested parties (X believe from
Cleveland) to even increase this advance to ten dol-
lars per ton in order to give them the entire control
of the supply to the whole countr^from their quar-
ries. The quantity of grindstones imported into this
place is about eight thousand tons per annum. The
company with which I am connected as president use
fully one thousand tons per annum, and should this
additional sum of ten dollars per ton becomo a lawT
we should be taxed $9,000 per annum extra, or four
and a quarter percent, per annum on our whole cap-
ital, which is $400,000, in order to put money into the
pockets of these interested parties.
" We are already paying to the Government $40,000
per annum lor internal tax on $800,000 annual man-
ufacture, which is ten per cent, on our capital, aside
from the duties on imported iron and steel which we
use; and to add to the extra duty proposed would
give the Government the' lion's share' of the profits.
As the House in their bill propose to exempt certain
agricultural tools from taxation as I learn, it appears
to me that the ax has the first claim to considera-
tion. It precedes all other tools in the greatest west-
ern march, and every facility for its manufacture
should be given rather than by adding to its cost
check its use." *
This letter is from the president of the Dou-
glas Ax Company, Mr. Eustis.
Mr. HENDERSON. The increase of duty
does not affect the Cleveland quarry or the
manufacture there. They could not transport
grindstones from there to the East. It only
makes you pay more revenue to the Govern-
ment.
Mr. FESSBNDEN. It only makes us pay
more revenue, unless that addition is sufficient
to cover the transportation from Cleveland
and make it cheaper for us to get them from
there.
Mr. HENDERSON. That is the point.
Mr. GRIMES. It gives the Cleveland peo-
ple an excuse for charging us more for our
grindstones in the West.
Mr. FESSENDEN. _ Of course if you raise
the price on the Atlantic border you will raise
the price in the West, so that every man
who uses a grindstone will pay an additional
duty. Now, sir, it struck the committee that
an increased duty on such a coarse, rough arti-
cle as this, which must have this effect upon all
persons who use it and impose such a heavy
burden on manufacturers, who are alreadypay-
ing so large a sum to the Government for in-
ternal revenue tax and otherwise, would be a
little severe for the mere purpose of enabling
this quarry in Cleveland to raise its own prices
for grindstones, cither under the pretense or
under the fact that the duty was so much en-
hanced on the Atlantic border.
Mr. WADE. They could not change their
prices.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know whether
they could or not. It looks as if they thought
that by imposing this duty, as the Senator from
Iowa says, they could, under pretense of the
duty, charge a higher price to everybody that
buys of them. They would charge more as a
matter of course. They are not interfered
with, and cannot be interfered with in any
way by the importation of these stones from
Nova Scotia; and the only cffect is precisely
that which I have stated. To charge one dol-
lar duty on what costs ten would seem to be
sufficient on such a coarse, rough article as this,
used to the extent it is, especially when we
secure the finishing out of the article in this
country by a duty of five dollars per ton on the
finished article.
Another letter has been handed to me, which
I will read. It is directed to Mr. Dodge, of
the House:
"W e are importers of and dealers in foreign grind-
stones m this city. We import them from England,
X'rauco, and Nova Scotia to a limited extent, but
the stones are used by all manufacture's of edged
tools, machinists, founders, &e. The foreign stones
are unlike in quality to any found in this country,
and for certain purposes we have no stones in the
United States that will answer their purpose. Under
the present tariff we pay a duty of ten per cent.
ad valorem,. The Wells tariff increases the duty to
twenty per cent."
We have put it back to ten per cent.
" This the article will bear without detriment to
our business ; but,a specific duty of five dollars per
ton, as per bill passed by the Senate committee,
would be disastrous to a large class of importers,
dealers, and manufacturers, as it would amount to
a prohibition of foreign grindstones."
Now, sir, I have stated the reasons as appli-
cable to the article of grindstones. With re-
gard to these other stones, which the Senator
has connected in the same category, the com-
mittee had the subject under consideration, ex-
amined it very carefully, and on the building-
stone which comes in from Nova Scotia, and
of which I know something, imposed a duty of
two dollars per ton, double the duty that is im-
posed on these other stones. It is used prin-
cipally in making fronts for stores, houses, &e.,
and I do not know that it interferes with any-
body to any extent. The Nova Scotia stone—
I have seen the article; it is used in my city
somewhat—is a yellowish stone, quite soft, and
easily worked, differing entirely in all its quali-
ties, color, and everything else from the stone,
that is quarried in Connecticut, and I suppose
from the stone that is quarried in New Jersey.
My colleague on the committee from New
York [Mr. Morgan] states that in his belief
nineteen twentieths of the stone used in the
city of New York comes from the quarries in
New Jersey and Connecticut, and probably
more. I do not know anything about that. I
know, with regard to this Nova Scotia stone,
that in rebuilding the city of Portland we have
used it somewhat, but not exclusively. We
have used other stone. One important build-
ing was erected with it.
The committee did not think that on a rough
article like that, unfinished, imported as it is,
of course the freight being considerable, used
for buildings, for stores, houses, &c., although
used principally by those who want to build
handsome erections, it would be advisable to
put a very heavy duty,,inasmuch as it did not
and could not interfere injuriously with the
stones thai are quarried in our own country. I
am told with regard to the quarry in Connecti-
cut, by a colleague on tie committee who lives
in the vicinity, that it has been from the begin-
ning^ highly prosperous, making money, and
flourishing, an® is so at this day in every way.
Now,-why they should want so heavy a duty on
building material of another description of stone
is rather a mystery to me; and I think pushing
these duties to so high a point upon rough
articles of this description, which are of great
necessity to the people, is hardly advisable.
I have stated the views of the committee on
this subject. I leave the question to the Sen-
ate.
Mr. WADE. I find that in making out this
tariff it depends very much on whose ox it ia
that is to be gored.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is a new discovery
that you have made.
Mr. WADE. No'," sir, it is not a new dis-
covery that I have made, for I have been aware
of it for a good while. Now, sir, all the argu-
ment that has been made on this subject by the
Senator from Maine might be made in regard
to every article where protection is sought to
be established. If gentlemen are opposed to
the principle o-f protection then there is a good
deal of weight in the argument. If they are in
favor of protection then the argument goes for
nothing.
Sir, what I wish to protect above all other
things is labor. I know that some gentlemen
look very much at other effects of protection;
but I am all the time looking to the welfare of
the men actually engaged in laborious occupa-
tions. If you throw down the protective prin-
ciple entirely, and open the door for all nations
to come in competition with us in everything
that men can do, the effect, of course, is to place
our laborer on the same level that laborers are
everywhere else where these articles are man-
