1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
31
to be necessary or proper to dispense with the
other meetings of Congress as they now exist,
although perhaps it may be, and I have so
thought and provided in the bill, probably
expedient to change the time of those present
meetings. The Constitution requires that Con-
gress shall meet atleast once in each year. I
have a provision for two other meetings, but for
the sake of expediency and convenience I pro
of taking place on the first Monday in Decern
ber, stall be thrown beyond the holidays, so as
to get rid of a period of time in which not much
business is ever done.
Some gentlemen have suggested to me that
instead of throwing the meeting of Congress
into January it would be better to bring for-
ward the meeting of what is ordinarily the long
session to November, and thus enable Congress
to transact its business and adjourn before the
dog-days of the following summer. I am will-
ing to submit that question to the House, and
therefore I leave it open that an amendment to
that effect may be offered and the sense of the
House taken upon it.
So far as the third session, now the second,
or short session, is concerned, I have thought
it expedient to bring it forward to the second
Monday in November. The fixing it at that
date will avoid any interference with the pres-
ent time of holding elections in twelve or
fourteen States. I propose to fix the second
Monday of November as the day for the com-
mencement of that session. Some gentlemen
say that will interfere with the New York elec-
tion. I think not. I think the election in
that State is held on the first Tuesday after the
first Monday in November, I have considered
that point, and if I am right _ this bill cannot
by any possibility interfere with the election.
E'or that reason I took the second Monday in-
stead of the first Monday. I think it exceed-
ingly probable that either the present or some
future Congress may change altogether the
time for the election of members ot Congress
in the different States, so as to have uniformity
in all the States by requiring the elections to
take place everywhere at the same day; but
that is a matter for future consideration. At
present we have no uniformity in the day of
election. J have conformed this bill to the
rule in the greater number of States, whose
elections do not come off until November.
There are, as I said at the outset, some three
or four States which do not elect their mem-
bers until after the term when the Congress for
which they are elected commences. We should
reform that by passing a bill of this kind. It
has always seemed to me that it is a very
anomalous condition of things that members
should be elected to a Congress and should
receive pay for a period antecedent to the time
when elected. I hold that under all the cir-
cumstances the election should take place prior
to the time when the term commences.
Sir. BINGHAM. I would suggest to my
colleague, with liis permission, that lie make
provision that, when the 4th of March occurs
on a Sunday, Congress shall meet upon the
following day.
Mr. SCHENCK. I would prefer that my
colleague should make that motion, and I will
leave it to the sense of the House.
I believe I need not add anything in further
support of the view which I take of the neces-
sity of some such legislation as this. Every one
can see that if Congress had met on the 4th
day of March, 1SG5, in all human probability,
considering the then temper of the President
of the United States, we should have been
saved from that disagreement between himself
and Congress which has led to our present
difficulties. [ venture to give it as tnv opinion,
that if this Congress had been convened on the
4th of March, 1803, every State that had been ;
in rebellion, accepting gladly the same terms
whieh-we offer them now, or terms very much j]
more severe than those, would have been sub- ;
missively obedient to the requirements made of ji
them, and would now be represented upon this ||
floor. Nay, if one were permitted to speculate
upon the possibilities of the past, it is not at
all certain but the then Vice President of the
United States, considering the exhibition made
by him upon the 4th of March, would have been
so dealt with by Congress, after its assembling,
that we would not have been troubled with any
consideration of the questions now before us.
Passing from the first section, it will be seen
that the second section is simply a provision
to prevent constructive mileage. It amends
the law in regard to mileage, or rather adapts
this proposed new condition of things to the
law as it exists, so that mileage shall not be
charged for going home and returning on the
4th of. March, in the cases of those who are
reelected to this House, or who being Senators
hold over as members "of the succeeding Con-
gress, and whoj sitting in their plaees, make
no other transit than from one Congress to
another. I think nobody will except to that.
"With these remarks, not supposing that a
protracted debate will be necessary, and yet
not desiring to call the previous question, so
as to prevent the offering of amendments, I
will now yield to such amendments as my col-
league [Mr. Bixghaji] and others may desire
to offer.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move to amend the first
section of this bill, by inserting after the words
"on the 4th day of March, the day on which
the term begins for which the Congress is
elected," the following words:
Except when the 4th day of March occurs on Sun-
day, in which case the Congress shall assemble on
the nest succeeding day.
Mr. STEVENS. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Bixgham] whether -we
ought not to allow this act to conform to the
Constitution of the United States. That Con-
stitution knows nothing of a 4th of March oc-
curring on a Sunday. This bill is now precisely
what the Constitution is. If the Constitution had
made any provision for a 4th of March occurring
on a Sunday, it might be well to have this bill
amended accordingly; but it does not.
Mr. BINGHAM. There is nothing in the
Constitution which, by implication or other-
wise, ever did provide for the meeting of the
Congress of the United States on a Sunday.
The provision of the Constitution in relation to
the times of meeting of Congress is as follows:
"The Congress shall assemble at least once in every
year, and such meeting shall be on the first Monday
in December, unless they shall by law appoint a
different day."
The House will take notice that the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] is quite
mistaken in supposing that the Constitution
takes no notice of and ignores Sunday. In the
provision which I have just read the House
will perceive that provision is made for Con-
gress to meet on the first Monday in Decem-
ber. This very text of the Constitution, nam-
ing a day of the week other than Sunday,
affords an example which I respectfully ask
this House to follow. If the framers had
ignored Sunday as a Christian institution, in-
stead of providing for the assembling of Con-
gress on the first Monday of Deecmbcr, they
would have provided for the first or other day
of the month, careless whether it should occur
on Sunday or any other day of the week.
And I beg leave, further, to say in this con-
nection, that one of the first men of this coun-
try, Chancellor Kent, of New Yoik, was pleased
to remind the people of the United States that
Christianity was part of the law of the land.
That Christianity, in other words, was recog-
nized in your Constitution and laws ; and I do
not believe there is any sort of propriety or
any kind of necessity for providing in tonus by
law. or announcing in advance, as has been
said here, that it i.- our intention that the Con-
gress of the United Status shall be authorized
or required by law to assemble and organise on
Sunday.
In this connection, I will call the attention
of the House to a further provision of the Con-
stitution, which l'Cuds as lollows :
" It' any bill shall not be returned by the Provident
within ten days (Sundays excepted) after it shall have
been presented to him, the same shall be a law, in
like manner as if he had signed it, unless the Con-
gress by their adjournment prevent its retnrn, in which
case it shall not be a law."
Thus the Constitution on its very face recog-
nizes Sunday as a day not to be counted in the
days for the performance of the secular duties
imposed by thc_ Constitution, and this excep-
tion in the text is doubtless made for the very
reason that the framers of the Constitution were
not unmindful of the words of the Congress of
1776, employed in the Declaration, in which it
was declared that "a decent respect" ought
to be had " for the opinions of mankind." I
therefore insist on my amendment.
The question being taken on the amendment
of Mr. Bixguam, it was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to am end by striking
out in the seventh and eighth lines of the first
section the words, "and on the first Monday
in January next thereafter." These words
provide for a meeting of Congress one month
later than the time for the annual assembling
of Congress, as now fixed. In my judgment,
the effect of this jvould be merely to swap off
a winter month for a month in the dog-days of
summer. If this is to be the effect, I am op-
posed to it. The practice With most of us is to
break up housekeeping at our homes for the
entire winter, and we are quite as ready to come
here on the first Monday of December as on
the first Monday in January. I think, there-
fore, that this clause, instead of being an im-
provement to the bill, or upon our present prac-
tice, is an unwelcome feature which should riot
be adopted by the House.
Mr. DAWES. I desire to suggest to the gen-
tleman whether his object will not be best ac-
complished by simply striking out "January"
andinserting "December." The Constitution
provides that the regular time for the meeting
of Congress shall be the first Monday in De-
cember, unless some other time be designated
by law. As this bill fixes the 4th of March as
the regular time for the meeting of Congress,
there will be no meeting on the first Monday
in December, unless the bill so specify.
Mr. MORRILL. I accept the suggestion
of the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Dawes,] and modify my amendment so as sim-
ply to strike out the word "January" and in-
sert in lieu thereof the word "December." .
Mr. Speaker, the fact that the Christmas
holidays occur during the first part of the con-
gressional session, it appears to me is no great
disadvantage. The early part of every session
is occupied more or less by the work of the
committees; and whether the House is in ses-
sion or not the committees are at wox-k. Cer-
tainly that has been my experience. I think,
as I have already remarked, that the evident
effect of fixing the first Monday of January for
the meeting of Congress would be to extend
our labors still later than at present into the
hot season of the year. We should exchange
the not undesirable month of December in
Washington for the month of August, the worst
of the whole season. Hence I am opposed to
any such proposition and hope it will be re-
jected.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois., The
amendment of the gentleman from Vermont
[Mr. Morrill] will, as I understand, leave the
time for the meeting of Congress precisely the
same as it is at present.
Mr. MORRILL. It will as to one session.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move to amend
by striking out the word "November" in the
eighth line, and inserting in lieu thereof the
word "December."
The SPEAKER. That is not germane to
the pending amendment. It can be offered as
a separate proposition after this is disposed of.
Mr. STEVEN'S. If it be in order, I move
as an amendment to the amendment of the
gentleman from Vermont, to strike out after
the word "elected" in the seventh line to the
end of the section, the following words:
And on the first Monday in January next there-
after, and on the second Monday in tho November
next piecedhig the end of tho term for which tho
Congress is elected.
