1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
795
ufactured and made. Sir, throw away the pro-
tective principle, and labor will find its level
like water. The man who wishes to reduce
the wages of the American laborer to the same
niggardly amount that the laborer in the old
countries of Europe receives, and no more,
ought to be a free trader, and he ought not to
attempt to protect anything; for nobody can
contend, unless he is the advocate of absolute
free trade, for placing the American laborer
on the same degraded level that the laborer
occupies in other countries. This fact cannot
be disguised, and this is the principle that op-
erates upon me; for I will say that I look more
at that than I do to other interests, or even to
the wealth of the country. They all, to be
sure, depend upon the same principles ex-
actly; but it is obvious that those who resist
all attempts to lower the laborer of this coun-
try, and who endeavor to secure to that laborer
good wages, such as he can live by, must be in
favor of protection. That is a mathematical
certainty.
Now, sir, how is it in regard to this article ?
Nova Scotia lies right off our coast, with all
the facilities for bringing their productions in
competition with our own. Labor is infinitely
cheaper there than it is here, and they can
destroy any work of this kind in this country.
It is just as easy to find and manufacture this
article there as it is here. Labor is all the
value there is about it there. In its crude
state, as I said before, it seems to be worth
nothing, but in its finished state it is exceed-
ingly valuable. We have a great many work-
men engaged in this business in our own
country. If you throw down all protection to
them you will drive them out of the business,
or compel them to do work as cheap as it is
done in other countries.
Now, sir, I for one will never yield to that.
I said the other day I never want to see the
American laborer have less wages than he gets
now; for if somebody's interest must give way
I would as lief it should be the wealthy as the
poor. I would as lief the laborer should have
the advantage of our legislation as anybody
else. I will never yield the point that, so far
as I can ho shall be protected against this
destructive competition; and it never was more
apparent than it is on this very item that I
have mentioned. In Nova Scotia I am told—
perhaps that point is not clear, but I am so
told—the wages of the men who labor in this
business is about seventy-five cents a day,
while the wages here is two or three times that
amount.
Mr. HENDERSON. If it be true that labor
is so very cheap where this stone is quarried,
I should like to ask the Senator, it being ad-
joining the State of Maine, why those labor-
ers do no* come into our country, with institu-
tions certainly as good as they_ have in the
Canadian Government, and obtain the higher
wages here? I should like to ask the Senator
further why it is that operatives from Europe
have come here with a view of engaging in
business in our manufactories and have re-
turned to Europe, refusing to take the high
wages we are paying here, because they say
thev can make more money at the low wages
of Europe than they can here, paying the cost
of living. It is a fact that American labor to-
day has not advanced in proportion to the
commodities which the laborer must have, and
the laborer to-day is worse off than he was
under lower prices, because labor has not ad-
vanced in the same ratio that the commodities
which enter into the cost of living have ad-
vanced.
Mr. WADE. Well, Mr. President, I am
very sorry to hear that that is the case. That
shows still stronger that something ought to be
done in favor of the laborer. If the fact is as
stated the gentleman has told us the reason.
It is because our wages, all things considered,
are not as good as they are in Europe. That
is the gentleman's answer to his own question.
Of course they will not come here when they
find that their pay is not as good as it is at
home, and when they do come here and find
that out they will go back. The Senator has
answered himself perfectly on that subject.
All I want is to give the laborer a better chance
here than he has abroad. I know that a great
many men do come over from Canada and
labor in the States. A great many of them
are on our railroads in the State of Ohio. To
my certain knowledge many of them have left
their own homes and country and come to find
better wages in our State, working on the rail-
roads principally, and often at other occupa-
tions. But these men are not likely to leave
their homes for manual labor. Very few of
them can afford the means of traveling far to
find work to do. It is very expensive to break
up their business at home and to travel a great
distance with an uncertainty of finding profit-
able labor when they get here. All these things
tend to keep them from emigrating where they
suppose they can get better wages. Indeed,
the great mass of men who labor in this way
cannot, if they would and were assured that
they would have better wages, leave their homes
to seek it and find it. That I suppose to be
the great reason why they do not come.
I have not read the letters I have received
from the gentlemen who have written to me on
the subject of this article of grindstones, be-
cause like the writers of the letters read by the
Senator from Maine they are interested in the
manufacture of these stones. They tell me,
however, that there is a detrimental competi-
tion between them and these laborers abroad.
That is what they assert. Then those who
want to get the grindstones cheap write to the
gentleman and tell him they pay now more
than they ought to pay. Those who furnish
this evidence on each side are interested wit-
nesses, and I do not rely so much upon them
for that reason, as I find that everybody who
comes here is endeavoring to promote his own
interests; but I can see very clearly that un-
der the condition in which things are now this
interest wants protection as much as any other
•we have protected; and it rests, too, upon the
same principle, say what you will. _
It may be asserted of every article that we
protect that it will come dearer to the con-
sumer. I suppose it will at first, although I
have always contended and believe that the
rivalry the business begets when it is protected
generally brings the price down infinitely
cheaper frequently than it was without protec-
tion, and that happens from competition. I
have nothing to say about that. I am not
going into the general argument; but I say this
depends upon the same principle precisely. It
is the same principle that governed what the
Senator contended for about asphaltum. That
was really a local interest. They found it ex-
isting in Nova Scotia in great quantities and
easy to come at; but as there was a pretty
heavy duty on the oil they found they could
not manufacture it so easy in Nova Scotia and
then bring it in because of the duty, and there-
fore, to escape that, they came and set up their
establishments in Maine and brought the crude
article there from Nova Scotia, and thus
escaped the duty. That is not the way to
raise revenue if it is the way to protect an
article. It certainly is not the way if we are
seeking for revenue alone. But, then, it is on
the same principles exactly with this, and gen-
tlemen may make the argument either one
way or the other as suits the occasion. But
what I ask for these articles of stone, brought
from abroad in detrimental competition with
our own labor, is that we stand upon the prin-
ciple of protection in regard to them as well as
anything else. It is true it is a rough article,
but it is a very valuable one, and one exten-
sively brought in as a subject of labor, both
here and abroad, and needs the attention of
those who are legislating upon the subject to
see that all interests are protected, and that
with that protection the highest amount of rev-
enue is obtained that can be obtained, having
reward to the interests of all concerned. That
is all I ask for, and this is about all 1 have to
sav upon the subject.
'Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator, m the
first place, put it upon the ground of revenue
alone. He did not inform us that the quarry
he was looking after was up in his own neigh-
borhood, near by, close to Cleveland.
Mr. WADE. If it had been in Maine it would
have been your ox.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well; he did not
allude to that. I told the whole story so that
it might be perfectly understood. Now, hav-
ing found the revenue "dodge" did not work,
he comes down to the doctrine of protection
again, and the Senator talks about protection,
and goes into a discussion which we have heard
from every gentleman who wanted to put on a
heavier duty, a general discussion upon the sub-
ject of protecting American labor. Now, how
are you going to protect it? Suppose any pro-
tection was needed up there in Cleveland, which
the Senator does not really pretend, for he will
not read the letters even, and he does not pro-
fess to know anything about it himself 
Mr. WADE. Here they are.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not want to read
them certainly if you do not. Now, whom do
you protect? You protect the workmen em-
ployed in Cleveland, and who have the whole
western country for'their area to sell their
grindstones, without any possibility of the
slightest competition from any quarter,_ to
every farmer and every man who uses a grind-
stone. Are there no laborers except those
laborers there? Have we not laborers in our
factories who use grindstones, _ and laborers,
too, who are dependent for their employment
upon the success of the manufacture ? Have
we not farmers? Have we not all sorts of
mechanics everywhere scattered through the
country? Are they not laborers?
Mr. WADE. You have protected them.
Mr. FESSENDEN. How have we pro-
tected them? If the gentleman can tell how
we protect the laborers let him do it; I do
not know. He may say we protect some of
the manufacturers. How have we protected
the farmers?
Mr. WADE. Not very well.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then you want to tax
their grindstones for the benefit of the laborers
in Cleveland. How are you to protect the
common mechanics, every blacksmith-shop,
and every other shop where they want to grind
a tool? How do you protect them? Are they
not laborers? Do not they labor? Protect
American labor, and not for the benefit of a
very few at most who may be employed in the
grindstone factory near Cleveland. Impose a
tax upon every man who uses a grindstone all
through the West, and an additional tax upon
every man who uses a grindstone all through
the East. It does depend* not upon whose ox
is gored, but whose ox wants to grow fat.
Mr. WADE. Yes ; that is so.
Mr. FE3SENBEN. That is the fact._ The
Senator admits it. Nov/, sir, I think it is a
little unreasonable. I can say very confidently
that we have had an eye to protection all
through this bill. I think nobody will dispute
that. But when I say that I have an eye to
protection in carrying the principle of the bill
out. it is perfect nonsense to talk about mak-
ing a dead level for everything, and to declare
that because you impose a certain duty in one
particular where it is needed you are therefore
to impose the same duty in another particular
where it is not needed. That is not the doc-
trine gf this bill. The doctrine of the bill is
discrimination in these things, and we should
stultify ourselves both in committee and as a
Senate unless we did discriminate according to
the article and the necessity of the article
itself, and the uses to be made of the article;
and we do not abandon the doctrine of the bill
in any particular. Why not impose a heavy
duty on all the articles in the free list? Have
we abandoned the idea of protection by per-
mitting a long list of articles to be admitted
free? Why, sir, they are put there for the
benefit of American labor, and for the purpose
of protecting it and increasing it. The Sen-
ator must carry his doctrines out, and say that
upon everything there shall be put an indis-
