796
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 20$
criminate duty. That will not do. I think
the Committee on Finance would have placed
themselves in a very ridiculous position if they
had reported a bill founded upon any such idea
as that. Certainly I never could have con-
sented to it.
Now, sir, this matter is before the Senate.
I do not use a grindstone because I have no
occasion to use it; but a great many other
people do.
Mr. CHANDLER. I think the honorable
chairman of the Committee on Finance takes
rather a narrow view of this subject. He does not
seem to see beyond the State of Maine. Now,
sir, we have grindstone quarries in Michigan,
and there are quarries of precisely the same
kind.across the river in Canada. In Michigan
we pay our common laborers two dollars a day
and our skilled workmen in getting out grind-
stone four dollars a day. In Canada, directly
across the river, not more than a mile apart,
they pay seventy-five cents a day for common
labor and two dollars a day for their skilled
labor. Now, sir, do you propose to abandon the
entire traffic to the Canadians ? As it now is they
are coming across in thousands bccauseweare
paying higher wages than they are on the other
side. We have had an immense immigration
from Canada during the last five years of work-
men. Do you propose to send those men back
to Canada by breaking down our grindstone
interest so that they cannot be paid here ? Do
you propose to abandon the laborer in the State
of Michigan ?_ I think the Senator takes a nar-
row view of it. This country is not confined
to the State of Maine; it covers an immense
surface. Michigan has an interest as well as
Ohio in this question of protection to labor. I
am not going into an argument upon the ab-
stract idea of protection at this time ; as the
Senator says, it has been sufficiently argued
already ; but I present this as a plain practical
question. I hope the amendment of the Sen-
ator' from Ohio will prevail. I hope that our
laborers in Michigan will have a little protec-
tion against the competition directly across the
river in the same article. It is but justice that
we should have it.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I object to putting grind-
stones and building-stones together, because
they are produced in different places and they
are usod for different purposes, and there is
no sort of similarity between the two except
that they are stones. Grindstones arc used
by the farmers and mechanics and manufac-
turers, and are absolutely necessary for the
business of the country, while most of the
building-stone referred to in this amendment
are used by those persons who build palatial
residences on the Fifth avetfue in New York
or in the cities of the country, and they are
generally purchased and used by men of
wealth, and are to a great extent luxuries. I
think, therefore, that great injustice may be
done to one class or the other by putting grind-
stones and these building-stones together on
the same basis.
The argument made by the Senator from
Ohio is a very sound and logical argument, but
I think it is not sufficiently comprehensive.
The question arises: if you protect, as you pro-
pose, the laborers who are employed in the
production of grindstones, will you not.op-
press the laborers who are employed in the
manufacturing establishments of the country
where it is necessary to use these grindstones?
It is represented to us, with how inucfr truth
I do not know, because these representations
do conflict, that to impose five dollars per ton
upon grindstones would amount to a prohibit-
ory tariff and compel the manufacturers of
the East, where a large proportion of the grind-
stones of the country are used, to pay for the
transportation of grindstones froui the
ern States to the eastern States, and in that
way the tariff would be very oppressive ; and
the effect of it would be, if not altogether to
close up some of those manufacturing estab-
lishments, to compel the men who are engaged
in this business, if possible, to reduce the price
of the labor which they employ, so as to en-
able themto pay for the additional amount you
put upon the grindstones the}' use.
The owners of one establishment represent
that to impose this duty would add $9)000 per
year to their expenses. They import grind-
stones that are very heavy, weighing several
tons, which are needed in their business. If
you impose five dollars a ton on a grindstone
weighing several tons it is easy to see that it
amounts to a considerable sum altogether. It
would be a very large tax upon their business.
Besides, these stones are used by the farmers
of the country ; they are necessary to the man-
ufacturing interest; and so far as my connection
with this bill is concerned 1 claim that in regard
to any material which is taken out of the ground
in this country and is essentially a raw material,
while you .undertake to protect the manufac-
turing interest in which the great mass of the
labor is employed, it is bad policy to-impose a
high tariff upon that raw material. It is possi-
ble that without such a tariff some persons
may suffer by the competition, but it is better
that a few should suffer than that many should
suffer. You cannot impose a high tariff, in my
judgment, upon raw materials that enter into
the manufacturing business of the country
without oppressing those interests that furnish
the chief employment for labor. The best
policy is to build up manufacturing establish-
ments. These high taxes that youput'upon
every material in the nature of raw material,
it seems to me, will tend to cripple, weaken,
and destroy them.
Mr. WADE. It is not my object to put what
is called a high duty on these articles. I do
not know but that five dollars a ton is too high.
I have no means of knowing exactly; but I do
not want the duty to be excessively high. I
want it to be in harmony with the protective
duties we place upon articles generally. I do
not ask for anything more than that. In argu-
ing this question here gentlemen speak of its
being a hardship to the manufacturers to pay
these duties. I think that argument is so nar-
row that it does not cover the whole ground.
If you put a duty on grindstones it will be dis-
tributed through the whole community so far
as they use any commodities into the price of
which the use of grindstones in any form enters
as an clement. If grindstones are dear and
manufacturers have to use them and pay a high
price for them, the articles they manufacture
will be enhanced in price in proportion to that
element of expense, and so the duty will be dis-
tributed through the whole community and all
the consumers will help to pay it. It docs not
fall particularly upon those who manufacture
or produce the arkple, but on the great body of
consumers the whole country over. Gentle-
men at-e apt to argue these questions as though
the whole burden fell upon the party on whom
the tax is first levied. If that were so we should
create a great many hardships that would bo
unbearable if taxes fell with their full weight
upon particular classes of the community and
had not this tendency to distribute themselves
among all. Butifthe price of a manufactured
article is enhanced by this duty the community
who consume the article all have to contribute
toward the burden at last; but that considera-
tion seems in the argument to have been lost
sight of.
It seems, as I knew before, that the Senator
from Maine confines himself, in his view upon
this question, to the locality in which he lives.
In the aggregate the production of this article
employs a great many workmen, and it is just
as important to protect them as any other
class. A duty imposed on grindstones is not
a burden falling upon any one interest, but it
will be distributed, as I have said, through the
whole country. _ The Senator's constituents
are in close proximity to the British Provinces,
from which grindstones can be readily brought
to come into competition with those produced
in our own country; and the cost of labor is
so much less there as I think to be a sufficient
argument in favor of the^amendment. It
seems to me that the fact that the use of grind-
stones is so general throughout the country
only tends to prove that this burden will be
generally and equally distributed throughout
the country, and will not fall with crushing
weight upon any class.
Mr. FBELINGHUYSEN. Mr. President,
I am interested in reference to the freestone
and building and monumental stone, and espe-
cially the freestone mentioned in this amend-
ment. It is a fact, as I am informed by vast
numbers who are engaged in quarrying free-
stone, which is largely quarried in Connecti-
cut and in New Jersey, and somewhat in Ohio,
that the Nova Scotia stone comes in direct and
constant competition with the freestone quar-
ried in those States. The House -bill piaced
the duty on freestone at five dollars a ton,
which is the present amendment. ■ I do not
know but that four dollars a ton might answer
the purpose, but I wish the Senators to under-
stand that neither five dollars a ton nor four
dollars a ton is real protection. It is not pro-
tection at five dollars a ton. The Nova Seotia
stone is located near to the water, it being a
heavy article ; it is easily transported to New
York, Philadelphia, Baltimore, and to the
other cities where that stone is used. The
expense of labor, as has been stated, is there
much less, and not only the expense of labor,
but all the expenses which enter into a quarry—
the expense of feed for cattle and horses and
a thousand things are much less than here.
The only objcet,#hat is desired by putting
this tariff of four or five dollars a ton upon
stone is not protection, but to prevent a large
amount of capital going from this country to
Nova Scotia and beingthere invested, tempted
by the immense profits" which would entirely
destroy the quarrying interests of New Jersey,
Connecticut, and Ohio, as I believe. This
present tariff, those who are engaged in quarry-
ing in these stones say, will be their destruc-
tion. Why, sir, look at the prices. Free-
stone could be placed in the market four years
ago at from seventy to eighty cents a cubic
foot; it cannot now be placed there for less
than $1 35 a cubic foot, such has been the in-
crease in the expense of quarrying; and with
this tariff of four dollars or five dollars a ton,
Nova Scotia stone can be put in the market
and sold considerably less than this stone
from Ohio, and New Jersey can. What do we
gain, then, by this amendment? We gain two
things: we gain an increased revenue when
the stone does come here, and we prevent
capital being tempted by these enormous prof-
its to invest itself in quarrying this stone in
Nova Scotia to the destruction of our Ameri-
can quarries.
This is no small business. There are proba-
bly $5,000,000 paid out annually in labor in
these quarries; there are thousands and thou-
sands of men employed in them. iThere are
$2,000,000 of capital invested in Connecticut
alone.^ As to speaking of this freestone as raw
material it is the greatest possible mistake.
Mr.^ WILSON. Will you tell what is a raw
material ?
Mr. FJRELINGHUYSEN. I can easier tell
what is not. This freestone is used for veneer-
ing houses; it is so valuable and it costs so
much to work it that it is used merely to veneer
a house perhaps with stone four or six inches
thick. That you cannot call a raw material. It
is as expensive as the marble almost.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is not "the raw
material, you speak of it after it is wrought.
_ Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. That is the way
it is brought. It is not sold in the rough con-
dition as it is taken out of the quarries.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator is mis-
taken. _ It is sold in that way by those who
work it. Some may carry on both branches
of business; but as the stone comes out of the
quarry it is a rough block; it then goes to the
worker in stone and he puts it into the shape
he wants it.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. But the rough
block the Senator speaks of has a great deal
of labor upon ^ it; and it is that rough block
which is put in the market at an except of
$1 85 per cubic foot. We can see that the
