1B67.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
Stone as jt is in tlie quarry is not worth a tithe
of $1 35 a cubic foot. It is the labor on it
that gives it that value. It is no raw material
in that sense.
The tariff on marble by the present bill, even
although the amendment of the Senator from
Vermont was not adopted, is vastly greater
than that which we ask upon the freestone.
There the tariff is fifty cents a cubic foot spe-
cific, and thirteen cents ad valorem, making
sixty-three cents. The marble is invoiced at
sixty-five cents a cubic foot, so that the present
tariff upon marble is almost one hundred per
cent, if you take the invoice price as the cri-
terion. This stone sells in the market at about
sixteen dollars a ton, and we ask four dollars
a ton or twenty-five per cent, on its value in
market.
I trust that the Senate will have regard to
this freestone and not destroy these quarries,
for it is perfectly clear that with the price of
labor in this country and with the fact that this
stone, has to be transported by rail 
Mr. FESSENDEN. How far?
Mr. FRELINGHUSEN. From the quarry
to market, however far it may be. The free-
stone can be carried at much less expense di-
rectly from the quarries in Nova Scotia by water
to New York and Philadelphia, which are the
principal markets.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The quarries in Ohio
have water transportation, too.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. But they must
carry the stone six miles to the shore.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is hauled there, not
transported bv rail.
_ Mr. FRELiNGHUYSEN. In view of the
difference in the price of labor and the cost
of transportation we certainly ought to pro-
tect cmr own quarries. I am assured by the
gentlemen who are engaged in this business
in this country that even with this duty the
Nova Scotia stone will command the market
and can undersell them.
Mr. MORRILL. That is an entire mistake.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The fact cannot be so.
Mr. FEELINGHUYSEN. I do not want
to take up time by arguing the principles of
this tariff. We want to protect American la-
bor, and we want to get revenue. We do both
by this arrangement. We get revenue and we
prevent American capital going to Nova Sco-
tia and being there invested it> these quarries,
and so taking the business from the American
quarries.
Mr. WADE. It is thought that I have
placed the rate of duty too high in my amend-
ment. I fixed that rate because it was what
was put in the House bill after full investiga-
tion by the House of Representatives ; but as
gentlemen think it is too high I will modify it
by saying "four dollars" instead of '' five.''
Mr. GRIMES. So far as the amendment
under consideration relates to building-stones,
I take no interest in it and have nothing to
say. If Senators representing the States along
the Atlantic coast choose to put a tax upon
building-stone, so as to increase the expenses
of dwellings and other buildings in the cities
and in the villages of the country they repre-
sent, and thereby increase rents, be it so. I
do not know that the section of country that I
represent has any particular interest in it. But
I have a slight interest, as the people of the
State of which I am a citizen have, in the sub-
ject of grindstones.
Grindstones are of general use. There is
not a manufactory of iron or steel or a ma-
chine-shop or a respectable-sized farm in the
country that does not use grindstones. I am
well aware that if we put this tariff upon im-
ported grindstones it is not, going to bring a
single foreign grindstone to the section of coun-
try where I live. A region of country adjacent
to that in which the Senator from Ohio lives
has now an entire monopoly of that trade, and
during all the time I have lived in the West 1
have never seen a grindstone from any other
place than from the neighborhood of Berea, in
Ohio. There may be quarries from which they
are occasionally wrought or wrought to some
extent elsewhere: but I never heard, until the
Senator from Michigan told us to-day, that
there was one in the State of Michigan.
The Senator from Ohio has not told us that
those Berea quarries are in a languishing con-
dition. I understand that on the contrary
they are very prosperous; and it is within my
own knowledge that during the last two years
an establishment in the town in which I live
has been obliged to wait from two to three
months to have an order sent to Berea for
grindstones filled.^ I understand also from
the Senator from Michigan that the grindstone
manufactory in his State is exceedingly pros-
perous, for he says it has drawn a large amount
of population from Canada over into Michigan
in order to work in that grindstone quarry.
I apprehend, therefore, that so far as protec-
tion is concerned, upon the argument submitted
by the Senator from Michigan and the Senator
from Ohio, there is not much to be said in
favor of the proposition.
There is another thing to be taken into con-
sideration, that under the law as it now stands
—and it is not proposed to modify it, so far as
I know—this is a manufacture that pays no
internal duty whatever. Therefore, if the Sen-
ator from Ohio is successful in preventing the
influx of these articles from abroad, just to that
extent he diminishes the revenue of the coun-
try. That is a consideration which, it occurs to
me, it would be well for the Senate to ponder.
The Senator tells us that he desires an in-
crease of the wages of the laborer and he is
going to exalt and dignify labor, and this bill
is the panacea by which it is to be accom-
plished 1 The Senator from Maine very well
inquired of him whether there were not other
laborers in this country beside those in the
machine-shop and those in the quarry. Sir,
the labor of the country is done upon the farms.
The basis of our products, of all our commerce,
and of all our manufactures is dug out of the
earth by the farmers. Now, let us see what
is proposed by this bill; and I call the atten-
tion of the Senator from Ohio, who is an ardent
advocate of the whole of the bill and all its
principles, to its consideration for one moment,
and then ask him whether he proposes to put
an additional burden upon the farmers of the
country by requiring them to pay an additional
price for grindstones ; for, as I said before,
although we shall not in the section of country
where I live, nor will he in the State of Ohio,
see a single imported grindstone, yet the im-
position of this tax upon the importation of
grindstones is going to be an excuse for those
who own the quarries in Ohio and Michigan to
increase the price of the article they now fur-
nish in exactly the same proportion that we
increase the duty.
In this bill we declare that all agricultural
implements imported into this country shall
pay a duty of thirty-five per cent. We de-
clare that no farmer shall put up a fence
around his farm, or put up a house or any
necessary outbuilding's from any foreign lum-
ber, unless he shall contribute tlie sum of two
dollars a thousand for that. Then we have
another clause saying the Canadian farmer,
who is raising agricultural productions in com-
petition with our farmers just across the line,
shall be permitted to come into the States, get
liis agricultural implements on this side, and
take them at a price with the duty off. That
is one of the provisions of the bill; so that !
the farmer in tho British Provinces gets every
agricultural implement, his hoes, his rakes,
his plows, his harrows, his mowing-machines,
and his reaping-machines, and even his axes,
free of all the impositions of duty imposed by
this or any other tariff bill, and he can send in
the produce that he raises in competition with
the American farmer, and to his detriment.
That is called protection to American indus-
try, protection to American labor!
It is true, the bill proposes to lay a small
duty upon agricultural products—ten cents a
bushel on barley, not one half the price it
would cost to transport a bushel of barley from
the State where I live to the city of New York
or Boston, which is the common market both
of the Canadian and the Iowa farmer; and
twenty cents a bushel on wheat, which is not
enough to pay the cost of transportation, the
Canadian farmer having the advantage of being
so much nearer to the New York and Boston
market than we are. And yet on the heeis of
that, with all the advantages given to the farm-
ers of the British Provinces by this bill, which
the Senator from Ohio has announced himself
in favor of, it is proposed now 
Mr. WADE. I did not announce that I was in
favor of the bill itself; I said nothing about it.
Mr. GRIMES. -I am delighted to hear that
the Senator from Ohio is open to correction
yet upon the merits of this bill.
Mr. WADE. I said nothing about the bill.
Mr. GRIMES. I thought from what the.
Senator said before-it was a foregone conclu-
sion that his vote would be in favor of the bill.
But I say, in addition to the burdens on the
farmer of which I have spoken, it is proposed
now to increase the cost and expense of the
products of the American farmer by an addi-
tional imposition upon the grindstones with
which he sharpens his tools.
Mr. WADE. I am not going to take up
much time in replying to the argument of the
Senator from Iowa, because there is nothing
new in it. Farmers do use grindstones, and
they use tea and coffee and a great many .other
articles that are taxed pretty heavily in 'this
bill. So it is with people engaged in other
pursuits. As I have said before, all these
great interests hang together; they are mu-
tually dependent one upon the other. We are
under the necessity of burdening the country
with a taxation sufficiently large to pay the
interest on our debt, and I hope gradually to
decrease the principal. That is the necessity
which we are compelled to submit to; and yet
the Senator from Iowa talks as though we owed
nothing and were under no obligation to bur-
den any part of the people with any taxes
whatever. Nobody would be more rejoiced
than I would be if such were the fact. My
argument is simply that as we are compelled
to lay these burdens upon the people, we ought
so to lay them as to protect our own labor and
our own industry in preference to foreign labor
and foreign industry. That is all that I con-
tend for.
What the Senator from Iowa has said about
grindstones may be said of pretty much every
article that is protected in this bill. There is
no different doctrine to be applied to grind-
stones from any other articles of manufacture.
I might just as well get up and argue, as the
Senator has done, that if a commodity which
is protected enters into the consumption of a
great many people they will be burdened by
the tax. That is very true; but this is no
reason why you should not protect all the
home interests that can be protected. You
must balance protection with the obtaining of
a revenue, I grant; but, as the Senator from
New Jersey has well said, what I contend for
accomplishes both these objects. While it
protects our own labor, it gives you a revenue,
and one as little burdensome as that which you
derive from any other commodity that you tax.
It is for this reason that I ask that this duty be
imposed.
I acknowledge that as to locality this inter-
est perhaps affects my constituents more than
others. I do not conceal it; I know that the
stone out of which grindstones are manufac-
tured is not very common in this country.
There is a very good quarry, and I believe
more than one, in Ohio, and there are seveial
in Michigan. That, however, is no reason
why I am to be considered as selfish when I
seek to give the same protection to this inter-
est that is given to others in this bill. Every
interest that is protected must have a local
habitation somewhere, and I am not the man
to inquire in what particular i^art of the coun-
try it springs up.
Mr. GRIMES. I beg the Senator to believe
that I did not charge him with such a thing.
Mr. WADE. Oh, no; I do-not say so. I
