1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
799
Department, and in conversation on the sub-
ject there it was mentioned, as a matter that
was rather shameful to us, that we could not
manufacture our own flags, and the Depart-
ment intimated a wish that somebody would
get up a manufactory of bunting in this coun-
try. He told them that he would see whether
it could not be done, and he went home and
■went to work and contracted with the Navy
Department to furnish them with bunting.
He established a manufactory for that purpose,
and I believe it is the only one in the United
States. If there are more now, as gentlemen
intimate, they have grown up since. In a
former bill a clause was inserted to protect the
manufacture of bunting by requiring that all
the Government used should be of American
manufacture.
When the House of Representatives sent us
this bill proposing additional duties on wool,
of course it also proposed additional duties
upon all manufactures of wool. At the time
this establishment of which I speak went into
operation the Canada wool came in free.
The reciprocity treaty had not then expired,
and the long wools from Canada, out of which
this bunting is made, came in free. That was
the great encouragement at the time to estab-
lish the manufactory. When the reciprocity
treaty ceased of course the duty fixed by the
existing tariff upon wool applied, and I think
it was about sixteen cents a pound. The duty
on wool fixed in this bill is ten cents a pound
and ten per cent, ad valorem. In view of the
heavy duty that is imposed upon the wool out
of which the bunting is made the House regu-
lated the duty upon bunting. The bill recom-
mended by the commissioner reduced the duty
on this wool from ten cents down to six cents,
and he put his duty on bunting with reference
to that; but the Finance Committee adopted
the House rates on wool, therefore the House
rate on bunting which had been fixed to cor-
respond with the increased duty on wool 
Mr. CONNESS. You changed the classifi-
cation of wools?
Mr. FESSENDEN. No ; the classification
is the same precisely. What we did was to
reject the reduction proposed by the commis-
sioner and take the duties fixed by the House ;
so that instead of paying nothing, as was the
case when this manufacture was established,
the wool out of which bunting is made is to
pay a duty of ten cents a pound and ten per
cent, ad valorem by this bill. That being estab-
lished by the House and adopted by the Sen-
ate, we took the House provision with refer-
ence to bunting, supposing that it was framed
in accordance with the increased duties, to
give the same protection that the manufacturer
had before.
That is all I know about it; and if the Sen-
ator from Ohio has any other information he
will communicate it to the Senate. It is not
mere matter of opinion and guesswork, but is
predicated on the increase of the duties on
wool.
Mr. SHERMAN. What the Senator says
is right enough, but as a matter of course we
are not bound to follow the House in the adjust-
ment of the various articles. I wish to apply
to the article of bunting precisely the same
principle which ihc Senate applies to all other
articles of woolen manufacture. The principle
of this bill is to give about thirty per cent, ad
valorem to articles of manufacture, and then to
give a specific duty correspondingto the amount
we levy on the raw material. That principle is
carried out by my amendment. The duty on
the wool entering into the manufacture of bunt-
ing, which is made out of combing-wool, the
second class, is ten cents a pound, and ten per
cent, ad valorem. It cannot exceed fourteen
cents a pound, counting the wool at forty cents.
A duty of fifty cents a pound on bunting would
be ample to compensate for the duty we_ levy
on the wool. The same principle is applied to
blankets and woolen and worsted yarns, which,
I am told, are made out of precisely the same
quality of wool that goes into bunting, except
that in bunting a quantity of cotton is mixed
with the wool. The highest duty on woolen
yarns in this bill is thirty per cent, ad valorem
and fifty cents a pound specific. I propose to
apply precisely the same*):ate of duty and the
same principle to the article of bunting.
I am told by gentlemen who understand this
business better than I do that the price of bunt-
ing is from eighteen to twenty cents a yard, cur-
rency. The result is that the duty as it now
stands in the bill is equivalent to more than
one hundred and thirty per cent. Beside that,
we give to the domestic manufacturers almost
a monopoly of the market by requiring the
Government of the United States to purchase
its 'supply of bunting from the American man-
ufacturers. Why the duty was fixed as it was
in the House bill I do not know. We ought
to extend the same principle of protection and
revenue to the article of bunting as to every
other article of woolen manufacture. If the
duty that I propose is found to be too low, as
a matter of course it can be adjusted hereafter
between the two Houses; but from the best
information I can get it will give to the bunt-
ing manufacture the same protection that every
other article of woolen manufacture will have
under the bill.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. In section two, line eighty-
six, on page 11, after the word "hand" I
move to insert "or Marseilles bed-quilts or
bed-spreads ; " so as to read :
On all cotton hosiery, comprising shirts, drawers,
stockings, socks, gloves, and all other goods knitted
or made on frames or by hand, and on Marseilles
bed-quilts or bed-spreads, ten cents per pound, and,
in addition thereto, forty per cent, ad valorem.
Jfhe amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I move now, after the word
"ties," in line one hundred and forty-two of
section ten, on page 76, to insert "six cents
per dozen and;" so as to read:
On umbrella and parasol elastic ties, six cents per
dozen, and fifty per cent, ad valorem.
I will simply say that as the bill now stands
there is a marked discrimination against 
Mr. WILLIAMS. I believe there is no ob-
jection to the amendment oil the part of the
Finance Committee.
Mr. WILSON. Very well, then, I shall say
nothing.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. In line three hundred and
five of section seven, on page 37, I move to
strike out "forty" and insert "fifty;" so as to
make the clause read :
On machine cards, on card clothing, for use in cov-
ering carding engines, or parts of thesame, composed
of leather and wire, or cloth and wire, whether the
cloth be composed wholly of wool, flax, or cotton, or
of the same materials mixed with India-rubber,
or combined with each other and India-rubber in
any way, fifty per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. JOHNSON. What is the present duty
under the existing law'?
Mr. WILSON. Thirty-five per cent. The
persons engaged in this business are very anx-
ious to have twenty cents per pound specific
duty in addition to the forty per cent, ad va-
lorem provided by the bill; but it has been
thought best not to propose that, but simply to
move ten per cent, additional; and I will say
that I think this is a very reasonable proposi-
tion. The article is one of great importance,
and it ought to be protected.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I ask the honorable Sen-
ator if an additional tax on these articles will
not impose additional burdens on the man-
ufacturers of the country.
Mr. WILSON. The persons engaged in the
manufacture of these articles that are used in
the mills employ a great number of skilled
mechanics; and I think if there is one class
of men ill the country whose interests we ought
to look after it is the skilled laborers of the
country. This proposed change is very fur
short of what the men engaged in this business
think they ought to have. They say that the
provision as it stands will be very hard indeed
upon their labor. They want a much larger
protection than the amendment I propose.
They want twenty cents a pound in addition to
the forty per cent., but I have thought it best
simply to propose that the forty per cent, be
made fifty.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. WILSON. On page 71, in line twenty-
eight of section ten, I move to increase the duty
on corks, from forty to fifty per cent, ad valorem.
I wish to say that this is but one half of what has
been asked for by the parties engaged in this
business, and I have seen the figures made out,
by which it appears that the duty as it stands is
a marked discrimination against the manufac-
turer in this country. Even the change that I
propose will hardly make anything in their
favor and will just put them about even. I
hope it will be adopted. As the clause now
stands it is a decided discrimination against
the manufacturer of the article in this country.
It can be imported and pay the duties cheaper
than it can be made here. I hope the amend-
ment will be adopted.
The amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
Mr. WILSON. I wish to offer one more
amendment: it is on page 48, in line one hun-
dred and seventy-six of section nine, to strike
out "thirty-five " and insert "forty-five; " so
as to make the duty " on carmine in all forms,
and carmine lake, dry or liquid," forty-five per
cent, ad valorem.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to have
some reason given for that. The article from
which this is made is on the free list, and
thirty-five per cent, on the manufacture would
seem to be enough.
Mr. WILSON. The Senator may think it
enough, and probably the Senate will; but the
proposition was placed in my hands with fig-
ures showing the large amount of taxation
placed upon the product, from which it ap-
peared that this duty would be a very small
protection. I have no particular interest in
-it other than to have the matter properly
adjusted ; but if the figures put in my hands in
regard to it are correct I must say that as the
clause stands at present it is not right and the
duty ought to be increased.
The amendment to the amendment was
reiected.
Mr. CHANDLER. On page 25, in line
seven, of section seven, I move to strike out
"three" and insert "eight." It now reads
"on old metal scrap iron, three dollars per
ton." I wish to make it eight dollars.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask if that is in
order. That line has already been amended,
and the amendment agreed to in the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment was agreed to in committee, and the
question is, Will the Senate concur in the
amendment made in committee? But that
amendment is subject to amendment now be-
fore it is concurred in by the Senate. The
motion of the Senator from Michigan is in
order.
Mr. CHANDLER. Let the Clerk read the
line as it now stands amended. I was guided
bv the printed bill before me.
"The Secretary. Lines seven, eight, nine,
ten. and eleven of section seven were stricken
out in Committee of the Whole, and the fol-
lowing words were inserted in lieu thereof:
On old iron, cast or wrought, three dollars per ton;
Provided, That nothing shall be deemed old iron
except waste or refuse material, or iron that has
been in actual use and is fit only to be manufactured
by melting: or reheating and rolling or welding.
Mr. CHANDLER. I desire to increase the
duty on scrap cast iron to eight dollars per ton,
and on scrap wrought iron to twelve dollars
per ton. How such a bill as this_ could ever
emanate from the Committee on Finance is to
me a mystery. If it did not come from a so
distinguished source, I should say it was an
absurdity, but coming from so high a source,
I can only say of it that it is total to the
iron interests of the United States. I he com-
mittee propose to admit scrap wrought iron at
