<56
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 10,
for that express object. I move that, this com-
munication, which although^ addressed to me
Assumes the form of a petition, be referred to
the.Committee on Finance and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILLEY. I offerthememorial of _Wil-
' liam H. Harman, of Floyd county, Virginia,
setting forth that some months ago he was
assessed $1,012 upon whisky at his^ distillery
in that county, and before he had time to re-
move it tie distillery was burned, together
with the whisky assessed, by which he sus-
tained a very large loss. He asks Congress to
relieve him from the payment of that tax, and
grant' him such other relief as the premises
will justify. I move that the memorial be re-
ferred to the "Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
- Mr;' FRELINGHUYSEN presented the
petition of ribbon manufacturers, silk throw-
sters, dyers, dealerSj and others, of New Jersey,
praying for a specific tax on thrown silk and
silk cloths of every description, or for an
increase of the present rate ot c.(I valorem
tariff; which was referred to the Committee on
Finance. .
Mr. SUMNER presented the memorial of
William Cornell Jewett; praying that Hannibal
Hamlin be declared by Congress the constitu-
tional President of the United States of Amer-
ica under the second section of the first article
of the Constitution; which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. SUMNER. I also offer the memorial
of William Rogers Hopkins, formerly professor
" of mathematics in the Naval School, in which
he sets forth his former relations to that school,
and now makes recommendations with regard
to a survey in the State of New York, with a
viewto opening a water communication between
the Atlantic coast and the West. I do not
know to what committee this memorial should
be referred. If one of the western Senators
will suggest to me 
Mr. RAMSEY. The Committee on Com-
R16rC0
Mr.'SUMNER. The Committee on Com;
meree is suggested. I move the reference of
this memorial to the Committee on Commerce.
It was so referred.
Mr. POLAND. I offer certain resolutions
adopted by a convention of wool-growers held
at Bellows Falls, Vermont, on the 12th of
November, 18fi6, in favor of an increase of the
duty on all importations of foreign wool, which
I ask to have printed and referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. SUMNER. Before those resolutions
are received, I should like to ask the Senator
whether they are in writing or merely taken
from a newspaper? I merely ask the question
with reference to the usage of the Senate.
Mr. POLAND. They are from the secretary
of the convention.
Mr. SUMNER. In writing or in printed
form?
Mr. POLAND. In writing.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is the
reading of the resolutions asked for?
Mr. POLAND. The resolutions are some
what lengthy. I do not deejn it necessary that
they be read. I move that they be printed
and referred to the Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.-
papers withdrawn.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, it was
Ordered, That Selena Barclay have leave to with-
draw her petition and papers (praying lor compen-
sation for losses sustained by her in the detraction
of the G-opport navy-yard in April, 1881) from the
files of the Senate.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. WADE'from the Committee on Territo-
ries, to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 456)
for the admission of the State of Nebraska into
the Union, reported it without amendment.
official tenbre.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The joint select com-
mittee on retrenchment, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 453) to regulate the tenure of
offices, have had the same under consideration,
and have instructed me to report the bill back,
with a recommendation of certain amendments^
which being adopted the Committee are of
opinion that the bill ought to pass. I beg leave
to say in connection with this report that we
have reported this bill and these amendments
regulating removals from oSice and appoint-
ments to office so far as concerns officers whose
nominations require the confirmation of the
Senate, and have.adopted what appears to us to
be a feasible scheme in that respect, in no spirit
of hostility to any party or administration what-
ever, but in what we conceive to be the true
republican interest of the country under all
administrations, under the domination of all
parties in the growth which is before us in the
future ; and in that spirit I shall ask the atten-
tion of the Senate to the bill when it comes to
be considered. I move that the amendments
be printed, and that the bill bo made the spe-
cial order for Thursday next, at one o'clock.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ments will bo printed with the bill under the
rule. A motion in regard to the bill can be
entertained only by unanimous consent, as no
action can be had on a bill on the day it is
reported except by unanimous consent. _ The
Senator from Vermont moves that this bill be
made the special order for Thursday next,^ at
one .o'clock in the afternoon. >To objection
being made to the motion, the Chair will put
it to the Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know that I
shall object; I would as soon agree that this
bill be made a special order as any other; but
I wish to warn the Senate against embarrassing
themselves at this early period of the session
with special orders. They have been found
heretofore exceedingly embarrassing. They
generally interfere with each other, and I think
effect nothing in the way of facilitating action
upon any particular bill. I suggest to the Sen-
ator whether it would not be as well for him to
give notice that he will call it up on that day,
and thus, I think, effect all his purpose without
having these special orders entered, as there
will be many of them on the Calendar. I shall
not, of course, interpose any objection, but I
rose merely to make the suggestion to my friend
from Vermont in case he considers it favorably.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Iaraquitewillingtoadopt
tho- suggestion of the honorable Senator from
Maine. I agree to the propriety of what he
says, and as he ha* been here long enough to
take the responsibility of initiating such a course
of proceeding, T am quite willing to follow it,
and to waive the motion that I have made, with
the understanding thatrif I think it proper here-
after I shall insist upon the same objection,
which I conceive myself is advantageous to the
administration of business.
The PRESIDENT^™ tempore. The motion
to fix Thursday next as the day for the special
consideration of this bill is withdrawn.
bills introduced.
Mr. HARRIS asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
4C0) in relation to persons imprisoned under
sentence for offenses against the laws of the
United States; which was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. CONNESS asked, and by unanimous
consent, obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 461) to aid in the construction of the San
Francisco Central Pacific railroad ; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lauds, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. WADE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
462) to admit the State of Colorado into the
Union ; which was read twice by its title, and
reftrred to the Committee on Territories. _
Mr. SHERMAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 463) for the relief of Rev. Samuel li.
Beatty, of Ohio ; which was read twice by its
title,"Snd referred to the Committee on Ci;tun;:;.
Mr. MORGAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a hill (S.
No. 464) in relation to the records and other
papers in tho office of the Clerk of the United
States court for the southern district of Mis-
sissippi, which have been lost or destroyed;
which was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary,
Mr. CHANDLER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. II. No. 147) amending the ninth
section of an act to amend an act entitled "An
act to provide for the better security of the
lives of passengers on board of vessels propelled
in whole or in part by steam, and for other
purposes," approved August 80,1852; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
payment for preemptions.
Mr. RAMSEY submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
Retained, That the Committee on Public Lands he
directed to inquire into the expediency of making the
agricul tural and mechanical college land scrip receiv-
able in payment for preemptions.
report of colombian institution.
Mr. ANTHONY submitted the following
resolution ; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and referred to the Committee
on Printing:
Resolved, That the Public Printer he, and he is
hereby, directed to cause to be engraved the drawings
accompanying the annual report of the Columbian
Institution for the Deaf and the Dumb;. and he is
also directed to print for the use of the institution one
thousand additional copies of said report, inserting
therein, as well as in the copies already printed, im-
pressions of the drawings above ordered.
govf.un5ient telegraphing.
Mr. BROWN submitted the following. reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the oxpedi-
enoy of authorizing tbe Post Olnco Department to
construct and operate telegraph lines along theprm-
cipal mail routes, or such of them as it may deem
necessary, or to contract with such lines as may be
already established, if that shall be deemed more
advisable, for the use and control of such lines, and
in connection witn its postal business to establish
offices at such points as may be determined upon,
open at all hours to the public and the press tor sato
and speedy transmission of dispatches under proper
regulations and at fixed minimum rates; tho com-
mittee to report by bill or otherwise.
house bills referred.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will lay before the Senate ccrtain bills received
from the House of Representatives just prior
to the adjournment of the last session, which
were laid upon the table and remained undis-
posed of at the adjournment.
The bills were severally read twice by their
titles, and referred as indicated below:
A bill (H. R. No. 682) to authorize the build-
ing of a military and postal railroad from Wash-
ington, District of Columbia, to the city of New
York—to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia.
A bill (H. R. No. 715) setting aside certain
proceeds from internal revenue for the erection
of penitentiaries in the Territories of Nebraska,
Washington, Colorado, Idaho, Montana, Ari-
zona, and Dakota—to the Committee on Ter-
ritories. . ,
A bill (H. R. No. 793) to provide increased
revenue from imported wool, and for other pur-
poses—to the Committee on Finance.
A bill (H. R. No. 811) for the relief of cer-
tain drafted men—to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia.
A hill (H. R. No. 818) for the relief of Gor-
man Wiard—to'thc Committee on Claims.
A bill (H. R. No. 819) for the relief of Rich-
ard A. Vervalen, and others—to the Committee
on Patents and the Patent Office.
direct tax of west virginia.
The joint resolution (S. R. No. 90) to sus-
pend temporarily the collection of the direct
tax within the State of West Virginia, which
had been returned from the House of Repre-
sentatives at the close of the last session with
