800
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
three dollars per ton, and charge nine dollars
per ton on pig metal. Wrought iron can be
made from pig at an expense of twenty-eight
dollars per ton to-day. Under this bill all the
railroads on earth will pour their old worn-ont
rails as scrap iron into the founderies of the
United States, and it is well known that rail-
road bars have to be rerolled on an average
once in ten years.
These duties are destructive to the revenue,
destructive to every iron furnace of the United
States, and will put them all out. You might
as well admit railroad iron at a duty of three
dollars per ton as to admit the wrought scrap
at that rate. It will put out every blast fur-
nace in the United States, and not a single pound
of pig metal will be imported under the bill.
We shall become the recipients of all the scrap
in the world, and shall import nothing but
scrap.
Sir, such an absurdity was never before pro-
posed on this or any other body, in my judg-
ment. It is a Bill gotten up to suit the railroad
rolling-mills, and to sacrifice every other iron
interest in the United States but the interest
of these railroad rolling-mills. They buy this
scrap, and of course they are satisfied. The'
result of it will be that they can bring in all the
iron they manufacture at a duty of three dol-
lars per ton. No doubt the railroad rolling-
mills are satisfied. It is millions upon millions
of dollars in their pockets, and as many mil-
lions out of the Treasury of the United States.
You will import nothing but scrap, and you
will receive three dollars per ton and no more.
Mr. President, I hope this amendment will
be adopted, and I desire to have it adopted in
the form in which I present it, namely, eight
dollars upon old cast scrap, which is exactly
the same value as pig, and twelve dollars on
wrought scrap. I leave a discrimination of
one dollar between the duty on pig and on cast
scrap, and I raise the duty on old railroad bars,
which would really bring the grand total of
our imports under this scrap law to twelve dol-
lars, while the duty on bars is fixed in the bill
at fourteen dollars. I hope the amendment
will be adopted. The section as it stands is
total niin to the iron interests of the United
States.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should be a little
surprised at the speech made by the honorable
Senator from Michigan if I was not aware of
the accuracy of his information upon every
subject, and of the fact that it is useless to set
up against his broad statements any informa-
tion that may be obtained from other quarters.
Now, sir, as he seems to think, this is a most
marvelous bill. I will state a few facts in ref-
erence t,o how the result of which he complains
was arrived at. The House of Representatives
agreed to impose considerably larger duties on
iron than we have imposed. It' I recollect
aright, the House put the duty at five dollars
per ton on old iron, cast or wrought, reducing
it from eight dollars, the duty under the present
law. The Senator from Michigan now proposes
to put it at eight dollars on cast and twelve
dollars on wrought iron.
We had before us a committee of iron men
from Pittsburg who came to see us on the sub-
ject of this duty on iron and other things, and
stated that with regard to scrap cast-iron the
duty of three dollars per ton was ample; they did
not want any more than that on scrap cast-iron;
they were satisfied with it; but on wrought
scrap iron they thought the duty ought to bo as
high as on pig iron. "VVe ftrst put the duty on
wrought scrap iron at eight dollars per ton,
and with that they expressed themselves satis-
fied, and put on a proviso which Senators will
find printed in the bill "that nothing shall be
deemed wrought or scrap which can be used as
piles or billets in the manufacture of iron."
After we reported it there was a meeting of
iron men in this city, quite a large one, indeed
I b'elieve it was a regular convolution of the Iron
and Steel Association. They took the subject
into consideration, and some of them exposed
to us the fact that the committee had been im-
posed upon in regard to this proviso. They
did it of their own free will. They said that
pitting in the description given in the proviso
would have the effect, being worded as it was,
to exclude all scraff'iron, and none could be
imported except-some very small and insignifi-
cant matters, bytheuseof the descriptive words
" piles or billets;" so that artfully it was a trick
upon us, we being ignorant of the technical
terms, by which all scrap iron would be abso-
lutely excluded from the country except some
few small articles. The Iron and Steel Asso-
ciation took the matter into consideration and
they passed resolutions — and I believe that
there were only four or five dissenting voices
to the resolutions—that a duty of three dollars
per ton on both classes was sufficient. The
resolutions were sent to us signed by the pres-
ident and secretary.
The reason they gave tended to satisfy us.
There is an enormous quantity of this old iron.
It is admitted into England free of duty. They
get it and use it there, and by getting it free it
helps to diminish the price of rails and enables
them to undersell our rail-making men who
make rails in this country. We on the con-
trary demand a duty, and therefore do not get
our rails so cheap. The consequence was that
the men who make railroad iron said that if you
imposed a heavy duty and kept out this old
wrought-iron the result would be that the Eng-
lish would get it all and it would reduce by so
mueli the price of the manufacture of English
iron, so that the struggle of our manufacturers
would be still harder and more difficult.
Then the other iron manufacturers said this
is not to be considered at all with reference to
the price of pig iron; in reality the pig iron
that is imported does not come in competition
with any of our iron that we manufacture. The
pig imported is the soft Scotch pig metal that
is not to be found in this country, is not made
in this country; it does not comc into compe-
tition ; but so far as we are concerned we would
just as lief you should put the pig metal "down
to three dollars if you choose ; but that was put
up for the purpose of revenue and was kept up
for that particular reason.
Under these circumstances, with thatobjcct,
it was thought best to put old scrap iron at what
they said was enough, and that is three dollars
per ton on both descriptions. They said another
thing, that tl®re are a great many rolling-mills
established on the Atlantic border, in New
York and Massachusetts and some in Maine—
I believe one or perhaps two. They have to
bring their iron to the mills and pay freight on
it, whereas the manufacturers of iron in Penn-
sylvania and other places have their iron and
their coal at their door. They came to the
conclusion, and they said that was the founda-
tion of the resolution of the Iron and Steel
Association sent to us, that it was no more
than fair that it should come in at the same
rate, that it is sufficiently guarded by the pro-
viso we put in. That old iron has to be reman-
ufactured. It consists entirely of broken rail-
road bars and old railroad bars and different
kinds of things, I do not know how many.
They thought it advisable that we should put
the two together, and they sent their resolutions
to that effect to the committee.
I do not know how much was imported last
year, but the amount was «ot large. From
the nature of the case it cannot be very large.
The greater part of it will go to England where
it is admitted free, but a considerable part
comes here and is used up in these mills.
Nothing like the duty that is mentioned by the
honorable Senator was demanded, as I said
before, by the parties interested in iron manu-
facture ; but the committee proposed origi-
nally to make the duty on cast scrap iron three
dollars and 011 wrought scrap iron eight dol-
lars a ton, and we did not alter that until we
were advised to do so by the vote of the Iron
and Steel Association to which I have referred.
I presume of course they did not know any-
thing about it; and I presume the House com-
mittee knew nothing about it; and I presume
the Finance Committee knew nothing about
it. I will not say there was any intentional
unfairness, but I leave the Senate to judge
how much reliance is to be placed on the broad
assertions of the honorable Senator, who I be-
lieve is not a manufacturer of iron himself.
Mr. CHANDLER. The explanation of the
Senator from Maine substantiates every state-
ment I made. He says there was an assem-
blage of iron men here. There was, and they
represented the rolling-mill interest.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The president of the
association was from the city where the Sena-
tor lives.
Mr. CHANDLER. Certainly; I know it;
and he has the largest rolling-mill in the Uni-
ted States. He rolls more iron than any other
man in the United States. ' I am not working
for Captain Ward. I propose to make laws
that will be advantageous, not to Captain Ward,
but to the State of Michigan and the United
States
Mr. FESSENDEN. I' ask the Senator if
he ever knew a pound of scrap iron to be
imported into Detroit of any kind.
Mr. CHANDLER. I cannot answer that
question.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Never; it cannot pay
the freight.
Mr. CHANDLER. I know perfectly well
that railroads are compelled to reroll their iron
once in ten years on an average ; consequently
the effect of the provision reported by the com-
mittee will be to admit all the rails 111 the world
into the United States at a duty of three dol-
lars per ton. We shall become the grand re-
cipients of ali the scrap iron in the world.
The rollers of scrap iron in the rolling-mills
of course desire to get this iron at the lowest
possible price; but the effect will be to put out
every blast-furnace in the United States, to stop
the mining in every mountain in the United
States. You simply furnish your rolling-mills '
with foreign stock without any protection to
your furnaces, for this is substantially none.
The expense of rerolling bars is only about
thirty dollars per ton. They will bring this in
at a nominal price and pay a duty of three
dollars per ton. The result will be to utterly
destroy all the revenue you now derive from
iron ; you will import nothing but at the duty
of three dollars per ton.
As I said before, this wrought scrap iron is
worth two or three times as much as pig metal.
Pig metal has to be puddled once. It costs
to-day twenty-eight dollars per ton to put pig
metal into scrap; and yet you put a duty of
nine dollars a ton upon pig metal and a mere
nominal one of three dollars upon scrap iron.
If the Senate propose to abandon the whole
iron interests of the United States except the
rolling-mills this section accomplishes it, and
of course they will stand by it; but if they
propose to continue the mining of ore, if they
propose to continue the blast furnaces in oper-
ation, this section must be rejected, for it is
total ruin to—it is absolutely abandoning the
whole iron interest of the United States, save
and cxccpt the rolling-nulls.
Mr. SHERMAN. This is a far more im-
portant question than some Senators are aware,
and it is well enough to give it a little consid-
eration. The amount of the old scrap iron
introduced into our country in the y ar 18C5
was something like fourteen thousand tons,
being about half as much as the pig metal
introduced into the country. At that time the
duty was eight dollars per ton, as it is now.
The amount imported last year, according to
the best statement I can find—we have 110 offi-
cial statements, and must take those given by
the iron men—was about thirty-two thousand
tons. The duty on that yielded us a revenue
of about a quarter of a million dollars. The
House of Representatives in their bill proposed
to reduce tbe duty on this iron to five dollars a
ton, which is a step in the opposite direction,
a sacrifice of revenue to the amount of about
one hundred thousand dollars : not quite as
much as my friend from Michigan stated, but
still a considerable sum. The proposition is
made by the Finance Committee to reduce this
duty still more, to three dollars a ton, on the
