1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ground that the gathering of this scrap iron
from all parts of the world would give employ-
ment to our commerce and enable our vessels
to carry on a profitable trade with certain
countries; that it is really •waste material,
thrown away in a great measure, in South
America, which can be brought here simply
for the freight, and would add very much to
the aggregate wealth of the country. It was
admitted on all hands that the cast scrap iron
was about equivalent in value to pig.
Mr. FESSENDEN. ^ Not cast scrap.
Mr. SHERMAN". Yes, mixed cast scrap.
The wrought scrap iron is about equal to twice
the value of pig iron. That is the statement,
and the Senator from Maine will find that I
am not far from right. Wrought scrap, that
is old iron that had been wrought, brought
here in form fit to be manufactured, is worth
about twice the value of pig iron ; at any rate,
it is worth a great deal more than pig.
I was willing for one to yield to the argu-
ment that it might be well enough to reduce
the duty on cast scrap iron to the lowest pos-
sible rate, say three dollars a ton, butl thought
there ought to be a discrimination made be-
tween the wrought-iron and the east-iron,
because one is twice as valuable as the other.
Perhaps I am justified in stating that the
Committee on Finance agreed to that view of
the case, that there ought to be a distinction
made when a difficulty occurred. A number
of gentlemen from Pittsburg represented that
under the old system a great many frauds were
practiced ; that bar or railroad iron and other
kinds of iron were cut in blocks or nuggets and
brought in as scrap iron, when it was really
good iron, and all that was necessary was to
roll it in the form of railroad bars. These gen-
tlemen represented that three dollars was
enough on the scrap-cast iron ; but it has since
been suggested to me that these very persons
made their representations from their interested
stand-point. They want cheap cast-iron in or-
der to roll it into bar iron, it being their man-
ufacture, and .they want' a higher rate of duty
on that which would come in competition with
their industry. In other words, they looked at
this matter from an interested point of view,
and I must confess that the various representa-
tions made to us about this iron interest did
rather weaken my confidence in the testimony
of the gentlemen engaged in the business.
After the committee had conformed its ac-
tion to these representations, much to my sur-
piise I confess, a resolution was introduced and
said to have been passed, and no doubt it was
passed, by the Iron and Steel Association con-
vention in this city, requesting the committee
to make a uniform duty of three dollars a ton
on scrap iron. I must confess that surprised
me very much, because it was manifest that
certain branches of the iron interest were op-
posed to this uniform duty, and yet here was
the resolution right in the face and eyes of the
statement made to us by intelligent gentlemen.
On subsequent inquiry I found that this reso-
lution was really the subject of controversy in
the association. I think they were likely to
break up into two parts on it.
I believe the solution of this difficulty would
be to go back to the proposition of the Com-
mittee on Finance, which they made on the
original statement made to them, to lay a dis-
criminating duty between scrap cast iron, and
scrap wrought iron. In doing this we reduce
the rate of duty and throw off revenue; but I
am willing, for one, to yield to the argument,
which was very forcibly put, that this scrap
iron is just so much wealth saved if it can be
gathered up and brought into our rolling-mills
and rolled into bar iron or melted into various
irons for use here on the eastern coast. I was
perfectly willing to give a discriminating duty,
and it is a discriminating duty in favor of the
Atlantic coast: it could only be used on the
At lantie coast. It never has gone further than
Pittsburg. It seems to me a discrimination
ought to be made between iron which is so
valuable and that which is comparatively of
little value.
801
Mr. CHANDLER. Pardon me: it can
come in immense quantities into Cleveland and
Detroit. _ All the railroads in Canada would
send their old" rails under this duty across the
river to Cleveland and Detroit at a duty of
three dollars a ton, and it would all come in
as scrap, so that really it would affect the West
as well as the East.
_Mr. SHERMAN. When you reflect that
this wrought-iron in whatever form it may come
in may be at once melted and by one single
process put into the form of bar iron or rail-
road iron, it is apparent that it is far more
valuable than pig iron, which must go through
two or three processes before it can be made
into bar or roll ed iron. The result is that if you
admit it at three dollars a ton, which is only one
third of the duty on pig iron, it will be to their
interest to convert all kinds of iron possible
into the form of scrap-iron by cutting it to
pieces, byputting it under some machine and
cutting it into nuggets or pieces, and bringing
it in in that form, mixed with all kinds of iron,
calling it scrap iron, and after it comes in it
can be easily selected: The testimony before
us was, that the rudest laborer could select the
two kinds^ of iron and separate them without
any material cost.
This being the case we may surrender a very
large amount of revenue; instead of thirty-
two thousand tons, an enormous quantity, we
may have one hundred thousand tons. If they
can evade the enormous duties we levy now upon
wrought-iron and upon the various kinds of
iron by bringing it in as scrap iron, it will cer-
tainly under this duty be brought in competi-
tion with our iron from the western States as
well as along the Atlantic coast. I do not
think that is right. I hope the Senator from
Michigan will modify his proposition so as to
make the duty three dollars a ton upon the
cast scrap and eight dollars a ton on the wrought
scrap, with the proviso now inserted in the
amendmentof the committee. Iam perfectly
willing to vote for it in that shape, but I think
eight dollars and twelve dollars are rather too
high.
Mr. CHANDLER. I think three dollars is
too low on the cost of scrap.
Mr. FESSENDEN. All those interested
agreed that it was enough.
Mr. CHANDLER. I am informed that pig
scrap is of precisely the same value as what is
called pig metal, and the duty on it should be
the same as on pig metal. I propose to make
it one dollar less than the duty on pig metal.
Still I am not strenuous about the amount. It
is against the enormous importations of rails in
the form of old scrap that I am trying to guard.
Mr. SHERMAN. If you put eight dollars
on the old scrap wrought iron it will guard
against that.
_ Mr. CHANDLER. Well, I will put that at
eight dollars, and I will say five dollars on the
cast scrap.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Why make it five dol-
lars when everybody interested said that three
dollars was enough?
Mr. CHANDLER. I will make the rates
three dollars and eight dollars respectively.
Mr. WADE. A gentleman whom I know
very well, and who passes for one of our best
men, who is extensively engaged in making
pig iron, told me that this provision as it stood
would be destructive of their interests. I know,
therefore, that that interest is not unanimous
in it. I should not undertake to say whether
he was right or wrong.
Mr. SHERMAN. No representative of the
pig iron interest came before us. The repre-
sentations we heard were from those engaged
in the making of bar iron out of pig iron.
The pig iron interest was not disturbed, be-
cause the interest on pig iron is the same under
this bill as under the old law, and therefore
they did not come before us.
Mr. WADE. But this scrap will come in
in lieu of pig. It was supposed it would be
made over in that shape and come in here
under this diminished duty, and they thought
that would be destructive to them. I do not
know whether the gentleman who, spoke to me
about it was right or not, but that was the
view he took ot it, and he is extensively en-
gaged in the business, and is a man of veracity*
and a very good business man.
Mr. CHANDLER. I will put my amend-
ment in this form: make the clause read:
On old cast-iron, three dollars per ton.
On old wrought scrap iron, eight dollars per ton.
And then will leave the proviso to stand as
the committee have arranged it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have received a mem-
orandum from a gentleman in whom I place
confidence, in which he says that the scrap
iron imported last year was thirteen thousand
tons. That does not look like as if there was
an excessive importation.
Mr. HOWARD. Does that include both
kinds?
_ Mr. _ FESSENDEN. The scrap iron of
kinds imported last year was thirteen thousand
tons.
Mr. CHANDLER. What was the duty ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Eight dollars a ton.
Mr. CHANDLER. It would be one hun-
dred and thirty thousand tons with a duty of
three dollars.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am speaking of the
quantity imported. This gentleman says the
railroads on the sea-board are able to get fifty
dollars per ton for old rails and are selling
them at that and importing new rails at ninety
dollars. There "were sixty-four thousand tons
of new rails last year, and this year there will
be one hundred thousand tons imported. The
railroad-men get no increased protection, and
the bar and plate iron get $7 50 per ton in-
creased duty. That is his statement. The
railroad men came before us and desired an
increase of duty on railroad iron. We did
not see fit to grant it. It hadjiot been changed
in the House and we left it as the House did.
The manufacturers of railroad iron thought
they would be at a great disadvantage by a
heavy duty on wrought scrap iron, because the.
argument is that the cheaper railroad iron can
be manufactured abroad the more difficulties
our manufacturers have to contend with.
They stated that a heavy djity on wrought
scrap iron would send the wrought scrap all
abroad, and the consequence of that would be
to increase the expense of manufacturing rail-
road iron in this country and tc place our man-
ufacturers at a greater disadvantage.
I believe there is something due to their
statements. We were not disposed, however,
to change our original report until we got the
resolution of the Iron and Steel Association
of which I have spoken, which I am informed
was discussed there all day, and at last passed
by a very large majority, there being only four
or five against it after consideration of the
whole subject. I am not inclined to enter into
any discussion on the subject now, but if the
Senate think it wiser to put the duty up, so be it.
Mr. CHANDLER called for the yeas and
nays, and thev were ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will only add a few
words in regard to this matter. It will be
remembered that the present duty is eight dol-
lars per ton, and under that fourteen thousand
tons were imported two years ago. The Sen-
ator from Maine says thirteen thousand tons
were imported last year. My information was
that the amount was thirty-two thousand ; but
I presume it is difficult to tell which statement
is exactly correct. At any rate, we have the
official basis that fourteen thousand tons were
imported in 18(15 at eight dollars a ton. Con-
sequently a duty of eight dollars per ton on
the scrap iron did not discourage a very large
trade. But before the committee the persons
e.ngaged in commerce and persons who desired
to reroll this iron appeared and urged a reduc-
tion of the duty, saying it was really a raw
product which they might gather up in other
countries with whom wo are trading, and that
it was important to put the duty as low as pos-
sible. We yielded to that argument and put
it at three dollars.. It seems to me, however,
that a discrimination ought to be made between
