wm.
mm CONGRESSIONAL- &LOBB.
an amendment, was taken from the table, and,
with the amendment, referred to "the Committee
oii Finance, and ordered to be printed.
BILL BECOMi^fTTBD.
Mr. HOWE. _ I move tnat the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of Senate bill ij p. 279.
The .motion was agreed to; arid the Senate
proceeded to consider the Jt>ili.{8. No. 27tt) for
tlie relief of loyal citizens of Loudoun county,
Virginia.
Mr. iiO WE.; I now-aapve-that it be recom-
mitted to the Compiitte^ on Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
, • POWER CWAMNBSTY AND PAHDON.
Mr, TRUMBULL. I movethat the Senate
Sroceed to the consideration of the bill (H. R.
lo. 828) to repeal section thirteen of an act to
suppress insurrection, to jiunish treason and-
rebellion, to seize and confiscate the property
of rebels, and for other purposes, approved
July 17, 1862.
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. President, I gave
notice last, week, as the honorable" Senator
from Illinois may recollect, that to-day. I would
endeavor to call up the bill which has been so
long before the Senate, for tlife extension of
suffrage in this District. As the motion which
the honorable Senator bas now made will prob-
ably involve discission; I hope he will allow
me to go on with that bill at this time. I
appeal to the Senator from Illinois to yield to.
me, and allpw me to take up that bill, of
which notice was given in the early part of
last week.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The bill to which I have
called attention is very short, and consists of
but a few lines. There was manifested on the
part of the Senate some days ago, when the
motion was made to refer the bill, an anxiety
to have it acted upon. The Judiciary Com-
mittee have since considered it and reported it
back. Iiimagine that it is not, a bill which will
five rise to any very considerable discussion.
should presume not, though I do not know
what may be the temper of the Senate. I do
not wish to antagonize one bill with another ;
but this is the morning hour, and it is possible
that the bill may be passed before the hour of
one o'clock arrives.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator from Indiana
[Mr. Hexdricks] has given notice that he
intends to discuss it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If Senators are disposed
to discuss the measure, we may as well hear
their speeches now as at any other time. It is
not by way of antagonizing it to any other bill
that I move to take up this bill now, but be-
cause there was manifested on the part of the
Senate last week a disposition to have early
action upon it, and I considered it my duty,
having charge of the bill from the Committee
on the Judiciary, to move to take it up at the
earliest opportunity. 1 submit the matter to
the Senate, if there is a disposition not to take
it up, be it so ; I shall have discharged myduty
in reference to it. I leavo it to the Senate to
do as they think proper. I do not know but
that we can consider both measures during the
day. I certainly do not wish to be put in the
position of antagonizing this bill against the one
which the Senator from Maine has in charge.
Mr. MORRILL. If I am to understand that
the Senator will be content to go on with liis
bill until one o'clock and will allow my bill to
come up at that time, I certainly shall not.
object. While I disclaim any personal desire
on the subject, this bill is so situated, and my
own connection with it has been such, that I
shall feel obliged to ask a decision of the Sen-
ate on the question of taking up the bill named
by the Senator from Illinois, if it is insisted
upon.
Mr. SUMNER. The bill which the Senator
from Maine has in charge is entitled '• No. 1"'
on the Calendar of the Senate. It is No. 1 in
•time, and I think it may also be called No. 1
in importance. I think we ought not to lose
any opportunity to take that bill up and pass
it. We ought not to allow any other measure
to be interposed. Therefore, while I am very
earnest for tb'e proposition of my friend from
Illinois, I must' express the hope that he will
allow it to be proceeded1 with after we have
disposed Of the other question, which has been
so much longer on the Calendar of the Senate.
Let us, so far as the Senate can do it, give suf-
frage to the colored race in the District on this
day ; let us signalize this first day of actual
business by-finishing that great act; and then
during the remainder of the afternoon we can
proceed with the bill of the Senator;- but I
hope that he will -not press his bill to the ex-
clusion of this other.
^ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is the
Senate ready for the question on the motion
of the Senator from Illinois, that the Senate
now1 proceed to the consideration of. House
bill No. 828?
The motion was not agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM.'TUB IIO.OSR. .
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Lloyd, its Chief Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a bill (H. R. No.
830) to fix the times for the regular meetings
of Congress, in which the concurrence of the
Senate was requested.
The message further announced that the
House had passed the bill (S. No. 327) grant-
ing a pension to Mrs. Katharine F. Winslow.
The message further announced that the
House had passed the bill (S. No. 69) to pro-
vide for the payment of pensions with an
amendment, in which the concuiTence of the
Senate was requested.
PENSION AGENTS.
Mr. LANE. I ask to have the bill just re-
turned from the House with reference to pen-
sion agents taken up, with a view to refer the
bill and the amendment of the House.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there
be no objection the Chair will lay before the
Senate the bill (S. No. 69) to provide for the
payment of pensions, which has been returned
from the House with an amendment.
Mr. LANE. I move to refer the bill and
the amendment to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary. There is simply a legal question
raised by the amendment of the House, which
I think should go to that committee instead of
to the Pension Committee, although the subject-
matter would seem to belong to the Pension
Committee. The question raised is this: the
House propose by their amendment that the
pension agents appointed since the 1st of De
cember shall not exercise the duties of their
office until they shall be confirmed by the Sen-
ate. Under the present laws the Secretary of
the Interior has a right to make those appoint-
ments. The question now is, whether, behav-
ing made the appointments under the existing
law, the offices can be vacated by a law of
Congress. I suppose that to be a proper ques-
tion for the consideration of the Judiciary
Committee.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Why, Mr. President,
that ccrtainly is no question at all. There is
no judicial question about that. As a question
of power Congress may abolish the office of
pension agent any day. It may abolish the
whole of them, if it thinks proper, to-morrow.
It is a mere question as to the propriety of the
mode of appointing these officers. There can
be no doubt that Congress has authority at
any time to abolish any office which it has cre-
ated by law. I apprehend that the bill had
better remain with the Committee on Pen-
sions, who have had charge of it heretofore.
Mr. LANE. I have no doubt now of the
propriety of referring it to the Judiciary Com-
mittee, inasmuch as the learned chairman of
! that committee seems so perfectly confident
i with reference to that question. It is not a
• question as to whether Congress has the power
i to abolish pension* agents or not, but it is a
1 question whether the pension agents having
been appointed legally, and they having entered
upon the discharge of their duties, we may say
that the office shall then bo vacated until further
conditions are complied with. I think it does
involve an important legal question, and I
should like very much to have the light of the
Judiciary Committee'upon it, inasmuch as the
Pension Committee have already reported the
bill without such an amendment and adverse
to it. *
Mr. TRUMBULL I of course cannot
answer for the Judiciary Committee; I only-
,speak for myself; but as a question of power,
it seems to me there can be no doubt about it
at all. If the Senator from Indiana has doubts
he had better investigate it, for I really should
not know how to enter upon the investigation
of the question as to the power of Congress to
limit the tenure of an office that has been
created by law. I suppose that it manifestly
has that authority. Whether it is proper to
abolish the office of pension agents or to limit
the tenure by which they hold them is another
question, and one very proper for the Com-
mittee on Pensions, which has been consider-
ing this matter. It seems to me that is the
proper place for this bill. However, sir, I
shall enter into no controversy with the Sen-
ator about it. I suggest to him that the proper -
disposition of it is to refer it to the Committee
on Pensions. If the Senator thinks proper;f6
send it to the Judiciary Committee, as one
member of the committee I certainly' sliaH
try and dispose of it as best we can. It is a
' matter, however, that that committee has not.
investigated at all. We have not been look-
ing into the question of pensions, as to their
mode of payment, or the appointment of the*
pension agents, as it, of course, would involve
an investigation of questions not appropriately
belonging to that committee.
Mr. LANE. The Senator from Illinois
does not seem to take the distinction. This is
not a proposition to abolish the office of pen-
sion agents, but it is simply this: pension
agents who have been appointed under the
existing law and have Entered upon the dig;
charge of their duties, by this amendment are
not permitted to go on until they have been
confirmed by the Senate. This will be a law
passed altogether after they have entered on
the discharge of their duties. It is not to
abolish the office. The same agents are con-
tinued under it on the condition of confirmation ;
but they are not to continue if they are not
confirmed, although they have been appointed
under the existing law and their appointment
is entirely legal up to this point. It is retro-
spective. Their appointment when made was
legal. We purpose now to make it illegal by
a subsequent act. retroactive in regard to a
subject over which 1 fear we have no power.
I wish to do all that the amendment contem-
plates, but I doubt very much whether we have
I the power to do it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Indi-
ana, to refer the bill and amendment to the
Committed on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
SUFFRAGE IN TIIE DISTRICT.
Jlr. MORRILL. I move to proceed to the
consideration of Senate bill No. 1.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill (S. No. 1) to regulate
' the elective franchise in the District of Co-
lumbia.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill is
before the Senate as in Committee of the Whole,
and the question is on an amendment moved
by the Senator from West Virginia [Mr. Wn,
ley] to the amendment reported by the Com
mittee on the District of Columbia. The amend
ment reported by the committee and the amend
i ment to that amendment will be read.
| Mr. MORRILL. As the bill is not along
I bill, and has not, been read this session, I ask
for the reading of the whole bill.
The PRESIDENT pro ta/wre. It will be
read if there be no objection. _
The Secretary read the original bill, whick
was introduced by Mr. Wade, as follows:
He it enacted by the Senate and Uouse of Representa-
tives of the United States of America in Congress cts*
sembted. That from and after the passage ot tins act.
