802
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
the cast scrap and the wrought scrap. There
is no difficulty in separating them; and it is
proposed to make the duty on wrought scrap
only what the duty on both was y. year ago. It
seems to me that ought to be perfectly satis-
factory to all interests, and I hope therefore
the amendment will be adopted.
I may say that this was the conclusion of
the Committee on Finance after examining
the whole matter until the resolution of the
Iron and Steel Association came to us, and I
now know that that was guided, as probably
the action of most bodies of that kind is, per-
haps of all bodies, by the interest of the parties
concerned. In that association were a great
number of men engaged in rolling iron, and
among the rest one of the most valuable and
eminent of the constituents of my friend from
Michigan, a gentleman largely engaged in roll-
ing iron. Of course they looked at this from
an interested point of view. If we look at the
question from a revenue point of view it is
manifest that it is right to levy eight dollars a
ton on wrought scrap. The interest will bear
it, and I hope the amendment will be adopted.
Mr. CHANDLER. In this convention to
which the Senator from Maine alludes, the
rolling interest was predominant. There were
but very few representatives of other manufac-
tures of iron, and the few dissenting voices
were those who wore interested in the mining
and forging or smelting of ore.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The manufacturers of
pig iron were very largely represented. Some
of the largest manufacturers of pig iron in
the country were in that meeting, Mr. Scran-
ton, of Pennsylvania, among others.
Mr. CHANDLER. I have it from one of
the rolling men that the rolling interest was
predominant, and that the manufacturers of pig
iron protested that it would be the ruin of their
business. The Senator says that last year
there were but thirteen thousand tons of scrap
iron imported under a duty of eight dollars a
ton. This difference of five dollars a ton
would bring the entire scrap iron of the world
to your doors. As I said before, all railroad
iron has to be renewed once in ten years. It
all becomes scrap. Reduce the duty to three
dollars and you will import scrap iron from
Russia, Germany, Italy, and all parts of the
world, and you will not receive a dollar from
railroad bars on which you now levy a duty of
fourteen dollars a ton. It would all come in
the shape of old scrap. This would be ruin-
ous to the Treasury; it would be ruinous to
the blast furnaces; it would be ruinous to the
whole interest, as I said before, except simply
those concerned in rolling. I hope the amend-
ment will be adopted.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not desire to interfere
with the progress of this bill and have no mo-
tion to make; but there seems to be some
doubt as to what are the views of this Iron and
Steel Makers' Association; and as it is im-
portant that we should know what their opin-
ions are before we come to a final vote on this
question, I suggest the propriety of postponing
the consideration of this bill until there can be
an extra session of that association to let us
know how we ought to vote.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think we should find
the same differences of opinion that we have
here.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 16, nays 20; as follows:
YEAS Messrs,. Cattell, Chandler, Conness, Cra-
gm, Crcswcll, Frelmghuysen, Henderson, Hendricks,
Howard, Lane, Sherman, Van Winkle,Wade, Willey,
Williams, and Yates—16.
NAYS-Mcssrs. Brown, Buckalew, Davis, Dixon,
lessenden, lostcr Grimes, Harris, Johnson, Kirk-
wood, Morgan, Morrill, Nesmith, Patterson, Rid-
dle, bprague, Stewart, Sumner, Trumbull and Wil-
son—20.
ABSENT— Messrs. Anthony, Cowan, Doolittle Ed-
munds, Fogg, Fowler, Gutlirie, Howe, MoDougall
Norton, I*ye, Poland, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Ross, and
Saulsbury—16.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
_ Mr. CRESWELL. On the 63d page of the
bill, section nine, line five hundred and forty-
six, the committee have stricken out the word
"three" and inserted "four;!' so as to make
it read:
On chromate and bichromate of potassa, four oents
per pound.  
I move to amend that amendment by insert-
ing "five" instead of "four," so as to make
the duty on chromate and bichromate of po-
tassa five cents per pound.
All the chromate and bichromate of potassa
that was used in this country twenty-five years
ago was brought from Glascow. The ore from
which it is manufactured, known as chrome
ore, was about that time discovered in the
upper part of Maryland, in the county in which
I reside, (Cecil,) and in Hartford and Baltimore
counties, and stretching over into the lower
part of Lancaster county, Pennsylvania. At
a great expense, and after great loss, some
gentlemen' in Baltimore entered largely into
the manufacture of the article, and their works
have grown until at the present time, or rather
at the beginning of the war, they had em-
ployed in the manufacture of chromate and
bichromate of potassa some two or three hun-
dred men. They had also, by means of their
increased production, brought down the price
of that article from thirty cents to fifteen "cents
per pound, and they had almost the entire
trade of the country at that diminished rate.
They applied some years ago for a duty upon
the article, and a duty was imposed, first of
twenty per cent, ad valordn, and afterward of
three cents per pound. Under that duty they
succceded in establishing their branch of in-
dustry. They bought large tracts of land; they
erected extensive works ; they invested a large
amount of capital; and, as I said just now,
they employed a large number of workmen-
some two or three hundred, perhaps more than
that even—in a section of country that is unable
by any other means to sustain its population.
It seems that this article of chrome is not found
in any but very poor soil. They have gone on
manufacturing, notwithstanding the increased
price of labor and the deterioration of our cur-
rency, until within the last two years they find
themselves reduced to such extremities that
they will be obliged to abandon the manufac-
ture of the article and leave the entire supply
of this country dependent upon the foreign
manufacturers at Glascow. If that should be
the case, the result will be that the article will
be put up to its old figures.
ISow, sir, I think 1 can show conclusively
to the Senate that the increase fo four cents
per pound, which my distinguished fiiend from
Maine suggested the other day, and which he
thought sufficient, is not such protection as
this interest needs. Before the war there was
an active competition between the manufac-
ture here and the manufacture in Glascow;
and, by the way, it is a single fight between
them. This is the only place in this country
where chromate and bichromate of potassa is
manufactured, and these parties in Glascow
are the only parties who export from Glascow
and import into this country. It is a battle
between them; and the question is, whether
we shall abandon the trade to the foreign man-
ufacturer or hand it over to the manufacturer
in this country.
At the beginning of the war the price at
which these parties produced the article under
the difference in the cost -of labor was eleven
cents in Glascow and fifteen cents in Baltimore,
to which price the manufacturers had brought
down the articles from thirty cents, as I just
now stated. If you add three cents, the old
duty, to the eleven cents, the price in Glascow,
it will make fourteen cents. Add one third of
that for the deterioration in our currency, and
it makes eighteen and two thirds cents. Add to
that one third of a cent per pound for freight—
it is less than that; about one fourth—and it
makes nineteen cents, which is cheaper than
the article can be produced in this country,
and the result will be the manufactory will be
closed. If you take the duty at four cents per
pound these parties will be able to place it in
the_ market in this country at twenty cents,
which is cheaperthan it. can be produced here, I
because when you add to fifteen cents per
pound, the lowest price at which it was sold
before the war in gold, the deterioration in our
currency, it brings the expense to twenty cents
per pound, and to that is to be added an in-
crease of ninety per cent, in the cost of labor.
Now, sir, I think it nothing more than rea-
sonable, right, and proper that this industry,
in the first place, should be encouraged, and
that, to do that, we should_ impose a duty of
five cents per pound on this article. If five
cents be allowed the foreign manufacturer will
be able to place the article in the market in
this country at twenty-one and one third cents
per pound; so that upon a living rate of twenty-
one cents per pound there will be only a mar-
gin of one third of a cent. If gold depreciates,
or rather if our currency improves in value
to such an extent as to lessen the margin be-
tween the two, then the competition becomes
greater; and if our labor should increase even
at those figures, or if it should not decrease
as our currency appreciates, the result will be
equally disastrous even at the duty that I ask
from the Senate. I therefore think it as essen-
tial to this branch of industry that the increase
should be made to five cents per pound.
Now, sir, as to the revenue: in the one case
the manufactured article is produced entirely,
or almost entirely in this country, and these
manufacturers, as all manufacturers in .the
country, pay alarge percentage to the internal
revenue. If the production be abroad we
only derive the duties upon the importations.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Is there any internal
revenue on this ?
Mr.. CRESWELL. They pay a large per-
centage on the amount produced.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Do they really pay
anything on the amount produced ? Does the
internal revenue law apply to it at all?
Mr. CRESWELL. I think it does.
Mr. FESSENDEN. My impression is that
it does not.
Mr. CRESWELL. At any rate it is all-
portant that the manufacture should be pre-
served here, and to do that, having some
knowledge of the article myself, I believe that
five cents per pound is actually necessary.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will ask the Senator
for what purpose this article is chiefly used.
I do not know; I am not informed upon the
subject.
Mr. CRESWELL. It is used as a mordant
foi; dyes, and largely in the manufacture of
pamts of various kinds.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Maryland.
Mr. CRESWELL. I ask for a vote by yeas
and nays upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will state that there
is no internal revenue tax at all on this pro-
duction ; so that that part of the Senator's
argument as to what they had to pay to the
Government amounts to nothing.
Mr. CRESWELL. I accept the gentleman's
correction. _ I may be in error in regard to
that, but this increase is certainly necessary to
preserve the manufacture in this country.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 16, nays 19 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Chandler, Conness, Cragin, Cres-
well, Doolittlo, Edmunds, Frelinghuysen, Harris,
Hendricks, Howard, Johnson, Lane, Stewart, Van
Winkle, Wade, and Willey—16.
NAYS—Messrs. Brown, Buckalew, Davis, Fesscn-
den, Poster, Grimes, Henderson, Morgan, Morrill
Nesmith, Patterson, Ramsey, Sherman, Sprague!
Williams, Wilson, and Yates-19.
ABSEN1—Messrs. Anthony, Cattell, Cowan, Dixon,
Fogg, iowler, Guthrie,Howe, Kirkwood, MoDougall.
Norton, Nye Poland, Pomeroy, Riddle, Ross, and
Saulsbury—17.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
_ Mr. SPRAGUB. I propose to amend the
bill on page 28, section seven, lines twenty-
eight and twenty-nine. The clause now reads:
On sheet or plate iron, thinner than No. 22 and not
thinner than No. 24 wire gauge, two and a half cents
per pound.
