38
THS CON&RESSIOISrAL GLOBE.
December K),
each and every male person,- excepting paupers and
persons under guardianship, of the age of twenty-
one years and upward, who has not been convicted
of any infamous crime or offense, and who is a citi-
zen of the United States, and who shall have resided
in the said District for the^>eriod of six months pre-
vious to any election therein, shall be entitled tothe
elective franchise, and shall bo deemed an elector
and entitled to vote at any election in said District,
without any distinction on account of color or race.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That any person,
wiiose duty it shall beto receive votes at any election
within the District of Columbia, who shall willfully
refuse to reeeiveor who shall willfully reject the vote
of any person entitled to such right under this act,
shall be liable to an action of tort by the person in-
jured, and shall be liable, on indictment and convic-
tion, if such act was done knowingly, to a fine not
exceeding $5,000, or to imprisonment for a term not
exceeding one year in the jail of said District, or to
both,,
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That if any person
or persons shall willfully interrupt or disturb any
saen elector in the exercise of suen franchise he or
they shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and
on conviction thereof shall be fined in any sum not
to exceed $1,000, or be imprisoned in the jail in said
District for a period not to exceed thirty days, or
both, at the discretion of thecourt.
Sec. i. And be it further cnacted, That it shall be
the duty of the several courts having criminal juris-
diction in said District to give this act in special
charge to the grand jury at the commencement of
each term of the court.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That all acts and
parts of acts inconsistent with this act be, and the
same are hereby, repealed.
The Secretary next read the amendment re-
ported by Mr. Morhill, from the Committee
on the District of Columbia, which, as amended
by the insertion of the words in italics, was to
-Strike out all after the enacting clause of the
bill and in lieu thereof to insert:
That, from and after the passage of this act, each
and every male person, excepting paupers and per-
sons under guardianship, of the age of twenty-one
years and upward, who has not been convicted of any
infamous ci-ime or offense, and'cxccpting person* who
may have voluntarily left the District of Columbia to
give aid and comfort to the rebels in the late rebellion,
and who is a citizen of the United States, and who
shall have resided in the said District for the period
o^six months previous to any election therein, shall
be entitled to the elective franchise, and shall be
deemed an elector and entitled to vote at any elec-
tion in said District, without any distinction on ac-
count of color or race.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That any person
whoso duty itshall beto rcceive votesatany election
within the District of Columbia, who shall willfully
refuse to receive, or who shall willfully reject the
vote of any person entitled to such right under this
act, shall be liable to an action of tort by the person
injured, and shall be liable, on indictment and con-
viction, if such act was done knowingly, to a fine of
not exceeding §5,000, or to imprisonment for a term
not exceeding one year in the jail of said District, or
to both. _ ri,v
Sec. 3. Ant be it further enacted, That if any person
or persons shall willfully interrupt or disturb any
such elector in Iho exercise of such franchise ho or
they shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and
on conviction thereof shall bo lined in any sum not
to exceed $1,000, or be imprisoned in the jail in said
District for aperiod not to exceed thirty days, or both,
at the discretion of the court.  
Sec. 4. And be it further cnacted, That it shall be
the duty of the several courts having criminal juris-
diction in said District to give this act in special
charge to the grand jury at the commencement of
each term of the couit.
Src. 5. And be it further enacted, Xhat ail acts and
parts of acts inconsistent with this act be, and tho
same are hereby, repealed.
Sec. 6. And'be it further cnacted, That the mayors
and aldermen ofthe cities of Washington and George-
town, respectively, on or before the 1st day of March
in each year, shall prepare a list of the persons they
judge to be qualified to vote in the several wards of
said cities in any election; and said mayors and alder-
men shall be in open session to receive evidence of
the qualification of persons claiming the right to vote
in any election therein, and for correcting said list,
on two days in each year, not exceeding five days
prior to the annual election for the choice oi city
officers, giving previous notice of tho time andj>lace
of each session in some newspaper printed m said
Sec. 7*. And be it further enacted, That on or before
the day of tho mayors and aldermen of
said cities shall post/up a list of voters thus prepared
in one or more public places in said cities, respect-
ively, at least ton days prior to said annual election.
Sec. 8. And be it furthcr'enacted. That the officers
presiding a.t any election shall keep and use the
check-list herein required at the polls during the
election of all officers, and no vote shall be received
unless delivered by tho voter in person, and not until
the presiding officcr has had opportunity to be satis-
fied of his identity, and shall find his name on the
list, and mark it, and ascertain that his vote is single.
The Secretary next read tho amendment of
Mr. WlLLEY, which was to strike out the first
section ofthe committee's amendment, and in
lieu thereof to insert:
'That, iu all elections to be held hereafter in the
District of Columbia the following described persons,
and those only, shall have the right to vote, to wit;
First. All thosepersontwho were actually residents
of said District and qualified to vote therein at the
elections held therein in tho year 1865, under the
statutes then in force.
Second. All persons, residents of said District, who
have been duly mustered into the military or naval
service of the United States during the late rebellion,
and have been or shall hereafter be honorably dis-
charged therefrom.
Third. Male citizens of the united Stateswho shall
have attained the age of twenty-one years, (except-
ing paupers, persons iwn> compos mentis, or convicted
of. an infamous offense,) and who, being residents of
the ward or district in which they shall offer to vote,
shall have resided in said District for the period of
one year next preceding any election, and who shall
have paid the taxes assessed against them, and who
can read, and who can write their names.
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. President, the bill
has "been so long before the Senate that per;
haps I shall be justified in stating to the Sen-
ate briefly what is proposed by the bill, its
scope, and its provisions substantially, per-
haps with some observations touching the prin-
ciple which is involved in the bill itself. It
had some consideration in opposition by the
opponents of the bill at the last session, but I
believe nothing has been said on the affirma-
tive side in explanation or by way of argu-
ment.
It will be seen, sir, that the measure pur-
ports to bo a measure to regulate the suffrage,
the elective franchise in the District of Colum-
bia. It is a little more than that. It not only
regulates the elective franchise in this District,
but it extends it and enlarges it. The princi-
pal feature perhaps of the bill, that which is
of most interest to the Senate and to the coun-
try, and that which probably challenges the
-objection to the bill, is that it embraces the
eolored citizens of the District of Columbia.
In this particular it is novel, and in this par-
ticular it is important. In this particular it
may be said to be inaugurating a policy not
only strictly for the District of Columbia, but
in some sense for the country at large. In
this respect it is, I suppose, that this bill has
received so large a share of the public atten-
tion during the last session and the recess of
the Congress of tho United States.
If I were to define this bill in a single phrase,
I should say that it is impartial restricted suf-
frage ; that is to say, it proposes to be impar-
tial among all the male citizens of the United
States resident in this District. To that extent
it is impartial. It is restricted in that it is con-
fined to the male sex; and in that it is confined
to persons of adult age; and in that it ex-
cludes paupers, insane persons, persons non
compos mentis, and persons who have rendered
themselves, by crimc—treason, felony, or other-
wise—infamous, and so not to be trusted in
public affairs. Therefore, sir, as a definition,
I say it is what may be called impartial re-
stricted suffrage, as distinguished from univer-
sal and manhood suffrage, of which we hear so
much in these days.
These principles are attempted to be enforced
by appropriate provisions in the bill which make
it really an election bill.
And now, Mr. President, with this general
statement of the objects and scope and provis-
ions of this bill I content myself; but I trust
I shall be pardoned for making a single remark
in regard to the position of this measure before
the Congress of the United States, and possibly
before the country.
It will be seen by the bill that it was intro-
duced into tho Senate on the first day of the
last session of Congress. I believe a similar
bill was introduced into the other branch of
the Legislature on the same day, which came
to the Senate, which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia, and which
was not reported upon to the Senate. This,
perhaps, may be regarded as a substitute for
it. Allow me to say, and I" think I am called
upon to say, owing to the public misapprehen-
sion on the subject, that, bill the committee con-
sidered anomalous in its character. While it
was a bill proposing legislation, in fact, it was
simply a declaration of a principle with no pro-
vision whatever for its enforcement There-
fore in effect it gave no right whatever, and
enlarged no privilege whatever. While it de-
clared that the principle of "white," which
was an exclusion, and which deprived the col-
ored citizen of his right to vote was wrong, it
had no provision to correct the evil; and so,
Mr. President, the committee of this body
(agreeing with the sentiment of that bill, that
the principle of discrimination or exclusion in
that case was wrong, and if it were wrong, it
was the duty of Congress that declared it to be
a wrong to provide the remedy) as that bill
did not provide a remedy substituted this for it. -
I feel called upon to make this statement on
account of the misapprehension on this subject
here and elsewhere. It seems to have gone
out to the country that the other branch of
Congress passed a suffrage bill which gave to
the colored citizens the right of suffrage, and
that somehow or other the Senate had not con-
curred with the House. It will be found upon
examination that this bill is in harmony with
the principle which was sought to be initiated
in the House, but which failed of any effect at
all for want of any provision in their bill to
enforce it; and that, I submit, is a sufficient
answer to any imputation or charge upon the
Senate, that it had not acted in concurrence
with the House of Representatives upon the
suffrage bill. • The House has sent us no such
bill.
Mr. President., there has been a misappre-
hension in the public press of the country upon
this subject which I feel authorized to refer to,
and I take occasion to say, and I say it delib-
erately, that the misapprehension of the public
press in regard to this subject is disreputable to
American journalism. Sir, we publish the
debates of this body accurately and with fidel-
ity. There is no occasion for misapprehension
and still less for misrepresentation of what is
done in this body; and yet, since the last ses-
sion of Congress began, on this subject the
public press have not only misconceived and
misapprehended, but misrepresented this ques-
tion, to the public detriment, as I think. I do
not stand here to complain. I have no personal
grievance to speak of; but influential and lead-
ing presses of the country who have undertaken
to speak most on this subject have misrepre-
sented and misapprehended most, and the Con-
gress of tho United States, particularly this
branch of it, has been put in the attitude of
withholding action upon tho question of suffrage
in the District of Columbia when the record
published to the country shows that the S'&nate
has acted promptly on this question, and acted
in harmony with what were understood to bo
the sentiments of the other branch.
Mr. President, with these remarks I proceed
to notice some objections to this bill of a local
character, and then I shall have occasion to
advert to some of a more general character
and to briefly state the principle on which this
bill proceeds. Of course, in its most intimate
relations, this bill is local. It"affects the peo-
ple of this District, and as you would expect,
as it was reasonable to expect, these people
have expressed their opinions to Congress upon
the subject. Here is a communication from the
mayor of the city of Washington, which per-
haps I may as well send to the Clerk and ask
him to read, which states the position of the
corporation, tho mayor and aldermen, and the
electors of this District on that subject.
The Secretary read tho following commu-
nication :
ATasiiixqton City, D. C„
Mayor's Office, City Halt,,
Janum-y 0,1866.
Sir : I have the honor, in compliance with an act
of tho councils of this city, approved Decomber 10,
1665, to transmit through you to tho Senate of tho
United States tho result of the election held on
Thursday, 21st December, " to ascertain 'the opinion
of the people of Wajshington on the question of
negro suffrage," at which tho vote was 0,026, seure-
gated as follows:
Against negro suffrage 6,591
For negro suiliage    3a
Majority against negro suffrage   6,556
This vote, tho largest with but two exceptions ever
polled in this city, conclusively shows the unanimity
