1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
of sentiment of the people of Washington in opposi-
tion to the extension of the right of suffrage to that
class; and that its integrity may be properly appreci-
ated by the Senate, I give the aggregate of the vote
cast at the five elections immediately preceding for
mayor:
1856  5,840
1858 ..... 6,813
1860 : 6,975
1862 , 4,816
1864   5.720
No others, in addition to this minority of thirty-
five, are to be folmd in this community who favor the
extension of the right of suffrage to the class and in
the manner proposed, excepting those who have al-
ready memorialized the Senate m its favor, and who,
with but little association^ less sympathy, and no com-
munity of interest or affinity with thecitizensof Wash-
ington, receive here from the General Government
temporary employment, and having at the national
capital a residence limited only to the duration of a
presidential term claim and invariably exercise the
elective franchise elsewhere.
The people of this city, claiming an independence
of thought and the right to express it, have thus
given a grave and deliberate utterance in an nnex-
aggerated way to their opinion ®tid feeling on this
subject.
This unparalleled unanimity of sentiment which
pervades all classes of this community in opposition
to the extension of the right of suffrage to that class
engenders an earnest hope that Congress, in accord-
ing to this expression of their wishes the respect and
consideration they would as individual members yield
to those whom they immediately represent, would
abstain from the exercise of its absolute power, and
soavert an impendingfutureapparentlyso objection-
able to those over whom, by the fundamental law of
the land, they have '* exclusive jurisdiction."
With much respect, I am, sir, your own and the
Senate's obedient servant,
RICHARD WALLACH, Mayor.
Hon. L. F. S. Foster, President of the Senate of the
United States.
Mr. MORRILL. It will be seen, Mr. Pres-
ident, that the mayor informs the Senate of
the United States that the corporation of Wash-
ington has held an election on this question of
the elective franchise, and that at that election
the qualified electors, the persons who were
qualified to vote in the ordinary affairs of the
corporation, its prudential concerns, have
voted on this question of popular rights, and
the mayor is pleased to say that there was un-
paralleled unanimity in that vote; and from
the certificate of the election it would seem to
be so. It would seem that out of all the votes
cast, some 6,500, more or less, were opposed to
the extension of the elective franchise, while
only 80 or 40 were in favor of it. This the
mayor calls ascertaining the opinions of the
people, and this he proclaims as an unparal-
leled expression of the people of this District
in opposition to this bill!
Now, Mr. President, I do not desire to say
anything harsh or severe on that subject, but
the enthusiasm of his honor the mayor in
making this announcement to the Senate, and
his self-delusion in persuading himself that
this election of the qualified electors is an
expression of public opinion of the people of
this District, allow me to say is only equaled
by the ingenuity of the device by which the
electors of this District qualified to vote in its
prudential affairs seek to foreclose a question
of popular rights by voting it done at the polls
over which they have the exclusive control.
Certainly, Mr. President, these six or seven
thousand voters who are said to have made
this expression are only one in thirty at most
of the people of this District, and it is very
difficult to understand how there could be
more significance or probative force attached
to these six or seven thousand votes than to
an equal number of voices independent of the
ballot, under the circumstances.
I dismiss, then, this objection with the single
remark, let it go for what it is worth, they vote
upon a subject over which they have no juris-
diction whatever and in polls over which they
have the exclusive control, shutting out every-
body who does not think as they think. And
I may be permitted to add that it is remarka-
ble, nay, sir, it is astounding, that these peo-
ple seem to learn nothing by current events.
They do not seem to learu the lesson of sub-
mission to what is inevitable in our history
and institutions.
But, Mr. President, my attention has been
callcd to an objection of a more general char-
acter from another source. Witt the permis-
sion of the Senate I will Bend to the Clerk to
be read an article which I take from one of
the daily journals of this District, which was
sent to me to attract my particular attention
to the subject, understanding that this bill was
to come before the Senate to-day, and comes
to me marked so as to render the points no-
ticeable. I ask that the Clerk read it.
The PRESIDENT pro tem/pore. The paper
will be read, no objection being interposed.
The Secretary read as follows:
"Negbo Suffbage—Congkess Should Pause.—
We learn thai Mr. Morrill will, at an early day, call
up the bill conferring the ballot upon the negroes of
the District of Columbia.
We would admonish Mr. Moerill not to be over
hasty in his action, andwe would suggest to Congress,
as well as to all others who profess to be friends of
the colored race, to pause, to weigh well their action,
AS the conferring of suffrage upon the blacks of this
District would be to them a most evil thing. The
people of W ashington and Georgetown, many of them,
are the descendants of proud, dignified, and haughty
families, of men who could distinguish between black
and white, of men who were not blinded by fanati-
cism, and who taughttheir children to read the Bible,
in which, no doubt, they must have read the follow-
ing : ' Cursed be Canaan, a servant of servants shall
he be unto his brethren.'
"The people of the District of Columbia, those of
them who are sound-minded, and the majority of
them are, cannot look with favor upon any action
of Congress which would place them^politically upon
an equality with the descendants of Ham, with those
who, by the fiat of Heaven, are destined not only to
serve, but to be the servants of servants. The con-
ferring of suffrage upon the blacks of the District
would be the cause of their destruction. It would
infuse into those benighted people, a people which,
by nature, birth, and education, are unenlightened,
a false idea of the possession of liberty, which would
array them in deadly antagonism against the supe-
rior race, and the result would be damaging to the
negroes. As a body, they are servants, dependants,
and the probabilities are that employers would, in
such an event, d: --continue their services; and should
they go to the poi's to deposit their ballots, the prob-
abilities are that they would not all return to their
homes.
" For these, and other reasons, we conjure Congress
not to be hasty in its action on this matter."
Mr. MORRILL. Here it will be seen an
appeal is made to Congress not to make haste
in conferring the elective franchise on the col-
ored citizens of this District. Pause, it is said,
because to do so will be an evil thing to the ,
freedman. Why? It is said it will cause his
destruction. How? That he will be frantic
with his liberty, and become insurrectionary,
seditious, in the phrase applied to him on an-
other occasion when he was about to be eman-
cipated, that he will become a vagrant and a
vagabond, and abuse his liberty and the rights
of other parties? No ; nothing of that sort.
How, then, would this work his destruction?
Why, sir, we are told that a portion of the
people of this District are descendants of a
proud, dignified, haughty race of men; men
who know the distinction between white and
black, men who have read the Bible and who
have inculcated the doctrine to their children
that ''cursed is Canaan, a servant of servants
shajl he be." They have inculcated to their
children the doctrine that it is the fiat of
Heaven tliat-he shall be a servant of servants
to the end of the world. Now, if Congress
undertakes to repeal this fiat of Heaven, if Con-
gress undertakes to grant a privilege and a right
to the colored citizen which is against this doc-
trine, what then? Why, you offend the preju-
dices, and you mortify the pride, and you
humiliate the arrogance of these people, and
the result is—what? They have the command
of the polls, and whenever by your authority
these colored people come to the polls to de-
posit their votes, what is to be the result?
Let us see:
"Should they go to the polls to deposit their bal-
lots, the probabilitiesthat they would not all
return to their homes. "
So it is an evil thing to extend the right of
suffrage, and by our misguided zeal we are in
danger of working the destruction of the col-
ored race. I think that is the logic. I think
that is the inevitable inference of this paper.
Mr. WILSON. What paper is it that makes
that threat?
Mr. MORRILL. I believe the title of the
paper is not on this jnece. I think it is printed
or purports to be printed in Georgetown. It,
is the Times, printed in Georgetown. It is
sent to me marked, the emphatic parts of -it.
I submit, if I am not wrong in the deductions
which I make from this extraordinary article,
that here in the capital of the nation is the
spirit of insurrection and rebellion rife in an-
other section of this country revived. Sir, the
man who reasons thus of his duties of citizen-
ship is an insurrectionist and should be bound
over to keep the publie peace against all men,
no matter who he is; and the man who inter-
prets the word of God in that way is an infidel,
unchristian; he has denied the faith, and, no
matter what may be his dignity or pride of
family, he is the least in that kingdom of oar
Master, without regard to race or color.
Sir, it is not emancipation and it is not
enfranchisement of this defenseless race which
these people have occasion to dread; it is that
spirit of slavery, that system of slavery which
has eaten out the heart, tainted the blood of
the descendants of these dignified, proud,
haughty families to which reference is made
here.
Mr. President, these are all the objections
that have come to my knowledge that are
specifically made against the passage of this
bill in its application to this District. Opposed
to these are the memorials of some twenty-five
hundred persons who style themselves colored
citizens of the District of Columbia, citizens of
the United States, who say in substance that
they are loyal, that they have served in the
Army and Navy of the United States during
this great conflict with rebellion, that they are
sufficiently intelligent to vote, industrious, self-
supporting, that they support churches and
common schools, and educate their own chil-
dren without any aid from the general school
fund, and they claim upon these grounds not
to be discriminated against in this particular.
Mr. President, if this were a question simply
of a local character between the corporation
of Washington, the mayor, aldermen, and
common council and the electors of this Dis-
trict and the colored persons, I do not think it
is doubtful what justice would seem to require.
But, sir, it has a broader and more compre-
hensive meaning ; it is in some sense general,
and if the Senate will bear with me I propose
to address myself to that particular phase of
che question, the general objections to this bill,
and the principles upon which I ask the votes
of the Senate.
This is a matter affecting the capital of the
nation, one in which the American people have
ail interest, as indirectly, at least, touching the
country at large. What the national Congress
pronounce here as a matter of right or ex-
pediency, or both, touching a question of popu-
lar rights, may have an influence elsewhere for
good or for evil. We cannot well justify the
denial of the right of suffrage to colored citi-
zens ou the protest of the voters of the
corporation of Washington. We may not
think fit to grant it simply on the' prayer of
. the petitioners. Our action should rest on
some recognized general principle, which, ap-
I plied to the capital of the nation, would be
! equally just applied to any of the political
]l communities of which the nation is composed.
II We may not exercise the ample power we
![ possess over this District arbitrarily or in dis-
; regard of its effects upon the country at large.
I It was upon this ground that the friends and
! advocates of the system of slavery objected to
i its abolition here by act of Congress. To
! abolish it here was to abolish^ it everywhere
' throughout the country; and if, as they con-
! tended, the nation was under covenant to suf-
\ fer nothing to the injury of slavery in the States,
1 they were right. If negro suffrage is wrong in
! principle, pernicious in the policy of American
'' States and republican communities, and danger-
ous to popular liberty. Congress should hesi-
tate to do an act, which, having the force of
precedent, would endanger the peace and
tranquillity of the nation.
We were most solemnly told on a former
occasion bv the opponents of the measure that
Mich is us" character and such would be its
effects. They affirmed that this Government
