1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
803
I move to strike out "two and a half" and
to insert !' three.''
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suggest to the Sen-
ator whether it would not be as well to omit
attempting to amend the bill along there for
the present, and let it eome up to-morrow.
The matter will be before the Committee on
Finance in the morning, and some alterations
may be made in those rates. I suppose there
will be several of them changed.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I am glad the Senator
has suggested that.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator withdraw his motion to amend?
Mr. SPRAGUE. Yes, sir.
Mr. HARRIS. On page 39, section eight,
in line thirty-eight, I move to strike out the
words " and one half;" so that the clause will
read:
On lead in pigs or bars, two cents per pound.
The effect of this amendment, as I propose
it, if adopted, will be to leave the duty on pig
lead the same as it is now ; and I am in-
formed from a credible source that two cents
a pound on that article is as much as the arti-
cle will bear. The increased duty is not needed
for protection. The western mines do not pro-
duce enough lead for the consumption of the
western trade. The current of trade has been
reversed ; and instead of bringing lead from the
West to the eastern coast, lead is now imported
and carried West. The western mines for the
last two years have not produced enough for
the supply of the western country; so that this
additional duty is not needed for protection.
Two cents a pound in gold for this article is
enough, so I am assured; as much as the arti-
cle will bear; and at two cents a pound it will
bring to the Government more revenue than to
increase it. I hope, therefore, that this amend-
ment will be adopted.
Mr. HOWE. I hope this amendment will
not be adopted. If the Senator had proposed
to add a half cent to this duty, instead of sub-
tracting a half cent, I would have voted with
him with pleasure ; and if I do him any injus-
tice by opposing this motion, I will try to offset
it by a motion to add a half cent when this fails,
its I hope it will.
Now, Mr. President, I have a table before
me which will give you a little idea of the ex-
periences of the lead trade. In 18-14 the duties
on lead were three cents a pound, and the West
sent to New York something over forty-four
million pounds of lead, and none was imported.
Two years later this duty of three cents per
pound was changed to twenty per cent., and the
receipts of lead from the Tvest at New York
began to fall off. In 1849 there was only thirty-
five millions and a half or a little more received
at New York from the West, whereas, twenty-
three millions were imported. The receipts of,
western lead fell off steadily down to 1865, when
they received only one million eight hundred
and fifty-six thousand five hundred and forty
pounds, and imported thirty million four hun-
dred and seventy-nine thousand six hundred
and eighty pounds. Now it is proposed to put
the duty at two and a half cents ; that is, within
half a cent of what it was in 1844. If our friends
in the East were making money out of this state
of things there would be some reason for their
contending for it; but when they bought the
whole of their lead from the Vt est, in 18-14, the
price was S3 95 per hundred. That was what
it was worth in New York. The next year it
went up to $4 013, and it has steadily increased
in price until in 1SG5 it was S10 95 per hun-
dred.
Under such an exhibition of the state of the
trade, inasmuch as lead costs the consumer
about three times as much under the present
duty as it did under the higher duty, the duty
of three cents a pound, and inasmuch as the
Government gets now considerable of a rev-
enue, and would if it put the duty up to three
cents per pound get a much larger revenue
when it- got nothing before, I think we had
better, instead of reducing this duty, add to
it; certainly not reduce it.
Mr. HENDERSON. I move that the Sen-
ate do now adjourn.
Mr. FESSENDEN. On that motion I call
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 16, nays 20 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Brown. Buokalcvr, Chandler, Cres-
well, Davis, Doolittle, Grimes, Harris, Henderson,
Howard, Morrill, Patterson, Ramsey, Sprague, Sum-
ner, and Trumbull—16.
NAYS—Messrs. Cattell, Coimess, Edmunds, Fes-
senden, Foster, Frelinghuysen, Hendricks, Howe,
Johnson, Kirkwood, Lane, Morgan, Sherman, Stew-
art, Van Winkle, Wade, Willey, Williams, Wilson,
and Yates—20.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Cowan, Cragin, Dixon,
Fogg, Fowler, Guthrie, McDougall, N esmith, Norton,
Nye, Poland, Pomeroy, Kiddle, Ross, and Sauls-
bury—16.
So the Senate rfefused to adjourn.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment proposed by the
Senator from New York [Mr. Hakris] to the
amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
Mr. CATTELL. I move to amend the bill
on page 66, section nine, line six hundred and
twenty- four, by striking out the words '' a half,1'
and inserting "three-fourths ofa;" so that the
clause will read:
On sal-soda, soda crystals, and all crude carbonates
of soda not otherwise herein provided for, three-
fourths of a cent per pound.
This is an amendment which was agreed to
by the committee. Soda ash is the base upon
which sal-soda is made, and the tariff upon it
is half a cent per pound. This is a higher
manufacture, and the tariff was left at half a
cent a pound upon it also. I propose now to
change it to three fourths of a cent.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I believe there is no
objection to that.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I should like to ask the
Senator from New Jersey what is the value of
Mr. CATTELL. The value of the article I
think is about two pence half penny sterling,
perhaps three pence—seven cents—as near as
I can remember.
Mr. SPRAGUE. It used to be before the
war about two and a half.
Mr. HOWE. On this question I have been
asked to move to raise that duty to one cent,
and I am told that is essential.
Mr. CATTELL. I will only say in answer
to the gentleman that I was authorized by the
committee, on the first examination of this
subject, to change it to a cent, but further
examination satisfied me that the manufactur-
ers can live at three fourths of a cent; that it
is a fair protection which they ought to have;
and I believe they will be content with it.
Mr. HOWE. There is quite a quantity of it
still imported. .
Mr. CATTELL. So there isbut I think
with half a cent duty these manufactories have
been stopped, and with three fourths of a cent
they will be able to go on.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. CATTELL. I propose further to amend
the bill on page 39, section eight, line fifty-one,
by striking out "thirty" and inserting 1 'forty
so that it will read:
On nickel, forty cents per pound.
I will state very briefly on this subject that
this is a new manufacture of a very important
article indeed. Previous to the war the ores
from this country were sent over to the other
side of the water, and the nickel manufactured
or extracted there and brought back to this
country. We have nickel ores in great abun-
dance, not only in Pennsylvania, but in Connec-
ticut. The duty which is allowed here is just
about thirty-five per cent, ad valorem. The
value of this article is four shillings and six
pence on the other side. It is a less rate of
duty than is allowed to any other of the metals,
in mv judgment, either to copper, iron, lead,
or steel. This is a metal which is becoming
to be very extensively used in our country. 1
sincerely hope that this amendment will pre-
vail, because I believe, from a capful exam-
ination of the subject, that the manufacture
can just as well be continued on this side of
the water.
All that the gentlemen connected with this
manufacture ask is that you shall not discrim-
inate against him; that you shall give him
about the same protection at any rate that you
give to older established manufactures in met-
als. I know that it will be said that there is
only one extensive establishment in the coun-
try, but the gentleman owning it has already
expended half a million of dollars and is very
much in the condition of the Portland oil works
of the distinguished chairman of the Committee
on Finance. Having established this branch of
business, and having proven most effectually
that this article can be manufactured here at
less than the average rate of duty that is given
to metals of all kinds, I ask that he shall receive
that protection. I have only to say that, it is
not a monopoly; that it is open to everybody;
that this gentleman is a gentleman of science
and knowledge, who through many, many dif-
ficulties has brought this manufacture up to its
present point, and I sincerely hope that this
advance of duty will be allowed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I had an interview last
evening with the gentleman who is engaged in
the manufacture of nickel, and I got from him
a great deal of light on the subject and was
exceedingly gratified with the interview, from
his intelligence and apparent, and I have no
doubt real, fairness. There is some allow-
ance, however, I think to be made for the feel-
ing of every man with regard to this matter of
protection; and after quite an extended inter-
view with him, which was a very interesting
one from the specimens he showed me, I came
to the conclusion that it was not so necessary
for him to put up this duty on the finished arti-
ticle from thirty to forty cents a pound; but I
also came to the conclusion that the duty on
page 40, lines fifty-four and fifty-five, on nickel
matte, speiss, or oxide, of ten per cent, ad
valorem is not enough, and should be raised to
the same rate as is imposed on the finished arti-
cle, nickel, for the reason that it comes so near
it that undoubtedly everything would be im-
ported in the shape of oxide, and ho would
really derive no benefit from the duty of thirty
cents a pound on the finished article.
Since 'my interview with him I look with
great favor upon his undertaking, and if I had
come, on reflection, to the conclusion that my .
friend from New Jersey has, I would make no
objection to this proposition; but I feel bound
also to say that I was not convinced that^ the
duty of thirty cents on the finished article,
nickel, was not enough, and therefore I can-
not vote for the amendment. That is all I feel
disposed to say. If my friend from New Jer-
sey would propose to raise the duty on nickel
matte, speiss, or oxide, on the next page, to
the same rate, thirty cents a pound, I would
vote for that, because I think that change
ought to be made. . , .
Mr. FOSTER, [Mr. Edmtods m the chair.]
When this bill came from the House of Repre-
sentatives it proposed a duty of fifteen per
cent, ad valorem on nickel, and the aiuenu-
ment reported by the Committee oil riuanco
to the Senate was at that rate. _
Mr FESSENDEN. My friend is mistaken.
Mr. CATTELL. I beg to correct the gen-
tleman. The rate fixed by us was forty cents
per pound. ,
Mr. FESSENDEN. Fifteen per cent, is the
present rate.
Mr. CATTELL. And forty cents was the
rate which the special commissioner, after a
thorough examination, himself allowed, and it
was altered by the Finance Committee.
Mr. FOSTER. I am mistaken. I was
speaking of the report as it came fron^ the
Committee on Finance. When the Committee
on Finance reported their amendment to the
House bill they reported—it will be found on
I the- iifty-first line of page 39—"On nickel htieen
