804
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
per cent, ad valoremand that, I believe, is
the rate now imposed by law upon this com-
modity. The chairman of the committee moved
to add thirty cents per pound; so that as it now
stands in the amendment—"On nickel fifteen
per cent, ad valorem*, and thirty cents per
pound specific duty."
Mr. FESSENDEN. No; the fifteen per
cent, ad valorem was stricken out,'and thirty
cents per pound substituted.
Mr. FOSTER. Then it is thirty cents a
pound specific duty. Well, Mr. President, it
was stated by the Senator from Nsk Jersey
(and the fact is undoubtedly so) that there is
but one establishment where nickel is manu-
factured in the country at the present time,
and, as I am informed, the whole amount of
capital invested is not to exceed $200,000. Until
within a very recent period, at all events, the
amount manufactured was very small, and the
quality was so poor that it was not used in the
arts except for very inferior styles of m'anufac-
. ture. It was not nearly equal to the foreign
article, and the foreign article has been used
instead of this, and will continue to be if this
is not improved in quality, even though it be
sold cheaper.
Nickel is used very extensively in the man-
ufacture of German-silver ware; it is a com-
ponent part of that metal, and a very import-
ant part. As I stated the other day, in the State
of Connecticut there are now some $3,000,000
invested in the manufacture of German-silver
ware. On those manufactures there was paid
last year something over $200,000 of internal
revenue tax. This manufacture of nickel has a
capital invested of only $200,000 in the whole;
and if it is manufactured to ever so great an
extent it pays no internal revenue tax or duty
whatever. The manufacturers of this article
do not pay a cent for the support of the Gov-
ernment.
Now, .Mr. President, a duty of fifteen per
cent, ad valorem upon that which is a raw ma-
terial to the manufactures of German- silver ware,
I submit, is a sufficiently high duty; indeed,
I think it is a very high duty; it is so high
that those who manufacture the German-silver
ware will scarcely be enabled to continue the
manufacture if the duty is raised on nickel to
thirty cents a pound, unless there is an addi-
tional duty put upon the importation of Ger-
man-silver ware. The German-silver ware will
be imported from abroad with the present duty
■upon it, and the manufacture of German-silver
ware in the United States will stop, because
the manufacturer of German-silver ware abroad
pays no such tax as this on his nickel, and
the present duty on German-silver ware is not
relatively as high as the duty will be on the
manufacturer here at home, when he pays thirty
cents per pound on his nickel additional, five
per cent, internal revenue tax upon the amount
of his production, and then tax on income.
He will pay three taxes, while the manufacturer
abroad of German-silver ware will at the most
pay but one, the duty at the custom-house.
_ Now, Mr. President, is it good policy at this
time of day, in the present condition of this
country, and especially of labor in this coun-
try, to undertake to create a new species'of
manufacture by the imposition of duties which
shall exclude the foreign article and stimulate
this production here at home? How has the
Committee on Finance reasoned on this sub-
ject in regard to,another commodity greatly
used m the country and long used, and an
article of prime necessity—saltpeter? That is
a commodity which has been imported from
abroad and manufactured at home 5 and there
are several States now where saltpeter is man-
ufactured. It is manufactured in Connecticut,
111 New York, and in Massachusetts. The
establishment in Connecticut is able to manu-
facture ten tons per day. What has been the
course in regard to that manufacture ? Why
sir, it has had a small protective duty. The
present duty on saltpeter is two and one half
cents per pound, and the business is by no
means a profitable one to the manufacturer. But
what do the committee propose to do? They
propose, as will be seen on page 63 of the bill—
On saltpeter, or niter, or nitrate of potassa, crude,
one cent per pound.
Instead of allowing a protection to the man-
ufacture of saltpeter, which has been encour-
aged for years past, and which has now grown
up into a manufacture of importance, and of so
much importance that, as I have said, one estab-
lishment in . Connecticut is able to manufac-
ture ten tons per day, the committee propose
to take off more than half of all the duty that
now by law is imposed at the custom-house upon
foreign saltpeter and to reduce it to one cent
per pound.
Mr. HENDERSON. But they have since
amended the clause so as to make it one and
one half cent.
Mr. FOSTER. Even if it has been so
amended., which I had not noticed, it is still
only about one half what by law the duty now is.
Mr. President, if the policy be to reduce the
amount of duty on saltpeter because it can be
brought from abroad cheaper, and because
under the circumstances it is not deemed a
matter of necessity to protect domestic labor
so as to produce an article which in time of
war it would be all important we should manu-
facture at home, if that be not deemed import-
ant enough to have a duty upon it sufficient to
keep the manufacture alive after it has been
established and a large amount is being manu-
factured, I ask what kind of policy it is to
create a manufacture that does not exist, and
break down home manufactories, now in suc-
cessful operation, which import from abroad
their raw material? It seems to me there ought
to be at least a consistent policy. If we adopt
the principle that we will manufacture the raw
material at home, stimulate its production by
putting such taxes upon the importation as to
produce it at home, we ought to carry that
principle out, and apply it to nickel. I agree
that under those circumstances we should pro-
hibit the foreign article, or put such a duty
upon it that will amount to prohibition. All
the manufactures of nickel should then be pro-
tected so that they can be manufactured with-
out importation from abroad. If gentlemen are
prepared for this, I say let it be applied gen-
erally and carried out throughout the bill.
It is true that in Connecticut we are inter-
ested in having cheap nickel. If we cannot
have it because the manufacturer of the raw
material must be protectedand a duty imposed
to stop the importation from abroad, I submit
to _ it j but I say, give us the benefit of that
principle when we come to saltpeter. We are
manufacturing saltpeter largely. The manu-
facture has been long established, and we are
now manufacturing an excellent article; we
are able to manufacture all that the country
wants. Why then take off the dufy from that
and import it from abroad?
I ask that some principle shall be adopted
here. Do not take off the duty in one case and
put it on in another in like circumstances. Be
consistent; carry the principle through one
way or the other. Then, though we lose in one
case we shall save in the other. Now we lose
in both ; and the principle is certainly contra-
dictory of itself. J hope that the manufacture
of nickel may eventually be established in this
country. That it will become a matter of
importance I have little doubt; but whether,
in the infancy of the manufacture, when we
have but a single establishment, it is wise to
destroy these establishments that use nickelas
a raw material and depend on the foreign arti-
cle seems to me to be a question that admits
but one answer. The manufacturer of nickel
cannot by any possibility expect to export the
commodity after he has manufactured it. If
there is such an amount of duty put upon it as
to prohibit the foreign article without at the
same time putting an additional duty on the
manufactures of nickel, the producer of the
raw material really will derive no benefit, for
he will not be able to sell to the domestic man-
ufacturer of those articles of which nickel
forms a component ^art, to wit, German-silver
ware. If the manufacturing of German-silver
ware stops in the country there will be no sale
by the manufacturer of nickel to those manu-
facturers, and German-silver ware is the prin-
cipal article into which nickel enters. It is
used to some some small extent at the Mint in
making some'small coins; but the amount used
there is very small. If the manufacture of Ger-
man-silver ware is broken up in the country
the manufacture of nickel as a raw material
will be broken up also.
Now, the committee, I suppose, are not pre-
pared to put on an additional duty of ten per
cent, or fifteen per cent, on the importation of
German-silver ware. I suppose they would
not consent to do it. If they do not do it the
manufacture of German-silver ware in this
country must be checked or stopped, and if
they put on the additional duty it is questiona-
ble whether there will be as ready a sale of Ger-
man silver-ware; for if that species of ware
rise's in price so as to approach the cost of sil-
ver there will be much less sale or no sale for
it. The sale depends upon its cheapness; and
if the article is made so expensive as an addi-
tional amount of duties may make it, it will
not be sold to the same extent in the market
as it now is.
I hope, therefore, Mr. President, that there
will be no attempt to alter the present duty on
nickel, fifteen per cent. I was about to move
to reduce it, to strike out thirty cents and let
it stand fifteen per cent, ad valorem; but the
motion now to strike out thirty and insert
forty cents, which will be almost fifty per
cent, duty specific on nickel, will certainly
bear very hard upon, if it does not ruin, the
manufacture of German-silver ware. It will
enable, it is true, the manufacturer of nickel
to have a home market; but what will that
home market be worth? Nothing; there will
be no purchasers. I hope, sir, that this amend-
ment will not be made.
Mr. SUMNER._ I shall not follow the Sena-
tor from Connecticut in the illustration which
he has introduced from saltpeter; but I ask
the attention of the Senate directly to the ques-
tion of nickel. There I am with my friend
from New Jersey in the motion that he has
made; and it seems to me that the Senator
from Connecticut founded his argument—I say
it with entire respect, of course—on an exag-
geration of the eonsequence that would ensue
from the adoption of this motion. He set be-
fore us the large amount of German-plated-
silver ware manufactured in Connecticut and
asked us whether we would discontinue that
manufacture. To that I answer at once clearly,
no, I would not; and I would not give a vote
that, as I understood it, would have any such '
consequence. But what would be the result of
the motion now before us on this plated ware?
In order to understand what that result must
be you must see to what extent nickel enters
into plated ware. Why, sir, would you believe
it, after listening to the address of the Senator
from Connecticut, the nickel that enters into
finished platedware is so small that the plated
ware when finished averages about thirty or
forty times the nickel consumed. You see
therefore, how infinitesimal, I may almost say,
the nickel is which is introduced as a compo-
nent part into the German-plated ware: and
yet, according to the argument of the Senator
upon the mcreased duty on that infinitesimal
quantity of nickel, is going to break up this
whole business of Connecticut to the amount
of $3,000,OOO. _ It seems to me the statement
of the Senator is too strong; itoverdoes itself;
it cannot be accepted.
Suppose the proposition is adopted which is
now before you, as I understand it it would
amount to simply a duty of thirty-fivCper cent,
inat is not so high as the average of the duties
we are imposing. And if you go still further
and see what that would add in the way of tax
011 i)j*L ^erman*s^ver ware you find that it
would be only three quarters of'one per cent,
three quarters of one per cent., is to be
