4G
TBI- CONGRESSIONAL GL0B1.
December 10*
"is a white man'8 Government,;" that-it was
instituted by, in the interests of, and for tha
advantage of the white race, and ought to be
administered by that race exclusively, and for
its development and benefit; that the negro
race-is an inferior race, wholly incapable of
self-government, and that to invest it with civil
and political rights is impolitic, unwise, and
dangerous to the liberties of tlj.es white man, the
dominant and superior race.
'These assumptions are sufficiently sweeping,
and would be 'conclusive upon the representa-
tives of the American people if made good by
an appeal "to history and facts. I content
• myself With the statement of a few plain prop-
ositions in reply:
The' gist" of these assumptions is the old
plea of -man's incapacity for self-government,
scarcely improved by the specification of infe-
rior race, for the old argument since civil
society was instituted was lack of natural
aptitude for government in the masses. Now,
sir,, a Government of the people, its rightful-
ness and practicability, a moot question every-
where else, is no longer debatable in this
country. We have put aside the creed of the
despot, the monarchist, the aristocrat, and have
affirmed the right and capacity of the people to
govern themselves, and have staked the national
life on- the issue to make it good in practice.
Nof thafc every man of all raees or of any race
or peo-pfe is'capable of wise administration of
public affairs, legislation, or interpretation of
the laws; but that the aggregate public virtue
and intelligence of political communities is the
safest basis of government.
The masses may be trusted to select their
rulers. To deny any portion of the American
people civil or political rights common to the
citizen- upon pretense of race or color, is to
ignore the fundamental principles of republi-
canism. We- are fully committed to the rule
of the people, and no question of race or color,
inferiority or superiority, can arise to exclude
any portion. They arc none of them terms
of exclusion. No sentiment was ever uttered,
here or elsewhere, better calculated to bring
this nation into contempt and to expose it to
the hatred of the friends of popular govern
ment than that "this is a white man's Govern-
ment," as no statement could well be more
false to its origin and history.
Its founders professed to institute the Gov-
ernment in the interest of human rights. The
American Declaration was a declaration of the
political rights of man. The principles of the
American Revolution were those of universal
liberty. Otherwise that immortal Declaration
of political rights should have been written,
"All white men are created equal;" and the
Puritan fathers should have rendered their
gospel, "God hath made of one blood all white
men," and instead of a democracy they should
have set up an aristocracy to be transmitted
as an inheritance to their posterity.
Sir, our power over the question of suffrage
in this District is ample, unquestioned, and we
have seen that the objections to its exercise
are untenable; but the question returns, shall
the right be extended to the negro, and if so,
upon what principle, or upon the prescription
of what particular formula?
It becomes important first to consider the
right of suffrage, whether an absolute right or
as incident to citizenship. On this question
the public mind is divided between universal
suffrage, manhood suffrage, and impartial suf-
frage, and perplexed with questions of sex as
well as of race and color.
I glance only at each. Universal suffrage is
affirmed by its advocates as among the absolute
or natural rights of man, in the sense of man-
kind, extending to females as well as males, and
susceptible of no limitation unless as opposed
to child or infant. It is supposed to originate in
rights independent of citizenship; like the abso-
lute rights of liberty, personal security, and pos-
session of property, it is natural to man. It ex-
ists, of course, independent of sex or condition,
manhood or womanhood. To admit it in the
adultand deny it to the youth would be to abridge
the -right and ignore'the principle. Now, sir, in
practice its extension to -women would contra-
vene all our notions of the family; " put asun-
der" husband and wife, and subvert the funda-
mental principles of family government,in which
the husband is, by all usage and law, human
and divine, the representative head. Besides
it ignores woma% womanhood, and all that is
womanly; all those distinctions of sex whose
objects are apparent in creation, essential in
character, and vital to society, these all disap-
pear in the manly and impressive demonstra-
tion of balloting at a popular election. Here
maids, women, wives, men, and husbands pro-
miscuously assemble to vindicate the rights of
human nature.
Moreover, it associates the wife and mother
with policies of state, with public affairs, with*
making, interpreting, and executing the laws,
with police and war, and necessarily disseverates
her from purely domestic affairs, peculiar care
for and duties of the family ; and, worst of all,
assigns her duties revolting to her nature and
constitution, and wholly incompatible with
those which spring from womanhood.
Besides, the ballot is the inseparable con-
comitant of the bayonet. Those who practice
the one must be prepared to exercise the other.
To introduce woman at the polls is to enroll
her in the militia, to transfer her from the
class of non-combatants to the class of combat-
ants.
"Manhood suffrage," to define it, is simply
to state the conditions of manhood, the state
. of an adult male grown to full size and strength.
Jtsopposites are "childhood," "womanhood."
In most nations, for purposes of war, it is a
male person between the ages of eighteen and
forty-five years. Among the civilians it was
from fourteen to twenty-five. The condition
of manhood, as defined by the lexicographers,
is purely physical development, in distinction
from moral and intellectual. In this sense the
common law had no standard. It is impossi-
ble to conceive of a law that would meet in
practice the individual cases as they would
arise on the principle of physical development.
The condition of manhood varies iti individ-
uals, and is developed at different periods.
The fatal objection to "manhood suffrage"
is that the right is based on physical develop-
ment, like arms-bearing, while the act itself
necessarily implies intelligence, discretion,
intellectual development.
The peculiar character, the genius of repub-
licanism is equality, impartiality of rights and
remedies among all the citizens, not that the
citizen shall not be abridged in any of his nat-
ural rights. The man yields that right to the
nation when he becomes a citizen. The re-
publican guarantee is that all laws shall bear
upon all alike in what they enjoin and forbid,
grant and enforce. This principle of equality
before the law is as old as civilization, but it
does not prevent the State from qualifying the
rights of the citizen according to the public
necessities.
The American principle favors the right of
suffrage for the male citizen of full age, supposed
to be based upon the law and usage that at this
age he becomes free of the tutelage of family
and is free to manage his own affairs. The
exceptions to the rule are of persons non com-
pos mentis, persons deemed infamous from trea-
son, felony, or other high crimes, persons sup-
ported at the public charge, and ignorant per-
sons, and those of African descent.
The rule is in harmony with the idea of re-
publican government and Christian civilization.
Some of the exceptions are ill-timed, illogical,
and unjust. Poverty is in no just sense a dis-
qualifying fact. On the contrary, society may
doubtless protect itself by depriving those of
political power who have proved faithless to it
or made war upon it. In a country where the
means of education are accessible to all, or
should be, and a knowledge of the Government
important, it cannot be a grievance that the
State should impose the rule of intelligent suf-
frage. The exceptional fact which stands out
in flagrant violation of the common rule of
suffrage is thiit which denies the -right t<f the
citizen of African ■ descent .on account,of Ms
race.
At the formation of the national Constitution
in only one of the States was the negro exclu-
ded from the exercise of the right on account
of his race or color. South Carolina excluded
the negro; in the other States the exclusion
was confined to condition, and the colored
freeman was an elector. In most of the States
the negro is now excluded; in some of them he
is admitted upon exceptional terms; in others
upon terms of impartiality with the whites.
The proposition of the bill is to restore the
American rule of suffrage at the national cap-
ital, to place it upon the republican principle,
to make our legislation conform to the Consti-
tutions, laws, usages, sentiments, and opinions
of the people of the States at the revolutionary
era of the Republic, when universal liberty was
an aspiration alSe of statesmen and people'.
In the early constitutions of the States this
principle was everywhere recognized and en-
forced. In the State of Pennsylvania the lan-
guage was this: "All freemen have a right to
elect officers, and be elected to office." That
of Delaware was: "Every freeman hath a
right of suffrage." That of Maryland : "All
freemen shall have a right of suffrage." New
York : " Every person who is a freeman shall
be entitled to vote." North Carolina: "Every
freeman shall be entitled to suffrage and so
on to the end of the chapter, with the single
exception of South Carolina. The disability
which attached to the African slave was be-
cause of condition, and not of race or color,
and everywhere the adult freeman was deemed
entitled to the exercise of the elective fran-
chise. The disability of condition now has
been abolished. In the progress of events,
the development of free institutions, the ex-
pansion of the principles of popular rights,
the abolition of slavery, by the providence of
God we have become a nation of freemen in
fact as in name. The emancipated slave has
become a freeman and a citizen, belongs to
the body of the American people, and is no
longer the subject of exclusion by either State
or nation. Sir, the constitutional amendment
which emancipated the slave gives Congress
power to make that freedom of the slave com-
plete. In the spirit of that provision, Con-
gress at its last session enacted that every
person born in the United States is a citizen
thereof, and entitled to protection in his civil
rights. It remains now to recognize that po-
litical equality which is the common right of
the American citizen.
Sir, we exalt the emancipation proclama-
tion in the scale of state papers to a place sec-
ond only to that of the great American Decla-
ration of Independence. To its omnipotent
spirit we require obedience and submission.
We are assured that the grandeur of its con-
ceptions, its heroism, and elevated patriotism
confer immortal renown on him whose name
is most intimately associated with it; and still,
sir, we hesitate to accept the logic of its results.
We do rfot, some of us, see how it is possible
to break down the partition walls of prejudice
which spring from the relations of master and
slave without disrupting society and introdu-
cing anarchy and violence. We do not under-
stand how a nation can be just to all its peo-
ple on principle and expect the support of
"the virtuous ruling classes," and we do not
see how we can survive without them. We
have made the negro slave an American citi-
zen, and we seem to start back from contact
with hiin as if his touch were moral aud polit-
ical pollution. We have freed him and we
are perplexed to know how to define him,
whether a freedman, freeman, citizen, alien,
or denizen. By some of us the rights incident
to American citizenship are utterly denied as
the result of emancipation. So long held and
treated as a slave, a chattel, it is difficult to
realize that he is a man, entitled to the recog-
nition due from man to man. We are slow to
confess this country his as well as ours,
although native-born, and speak of deporta"
