806
THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
No. 46,318; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
POET OF CA51DEN, NEW JERSEY.
Mr. STARR introduced a bill relative to the
port of Camden, New Jersey; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
CONSUL AT HAMBURG.
Mr. ANCONA introduced a bill to regulate
and fix the salary of the consul at Hamburg;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
POST ROADS IN PENNSYLVANIA.
Mr. ANCONA also introduced a bill to
establish certain post roads in Pennsylvania ;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
ELIZABETH CASSADY.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania, intro-
duced a bill granting a pension to Elizabeth
Cassady, widow of the late Michael Cassady,
first lieutenant company B, sixty-ninth regi-
ment Pennsylvania volunteers; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
REVENUE STAMPS.
Mr. MILLER introduced a bill explanatory
of the act relating to revenue stamps upon
writs of process in courts of record ; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means.
MKS. GLORVINA FORT.
Mr. MYERS introduced a bill appropriating
to Mrs. Glorvina Fort, of Philadelphia, ail
amount awarded by the United States court
on June 26, 1793, to her father for loss of
cargo of the brig Catharine, captured by the
French frigate L'Ambuscade; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Appropriations.
CRIMINAL CODE FOR THE DISTRICT.
Mr. WELKER introduced a bill to provide
a criminal code for the District of Columbia;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee for the District of
Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
MARY A. CROSS.
Mr. BUCKLAND introduced a bill for the
relief of Mary A. Cross; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Invalid Pensions.
MARINDA STAGE.
Mr. BUCKLAND also introduced a bill for
the relief of Marinda Stage ; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
TAX ON COTTON AND SUGAR.
Mr. TRIMBLE introduced a bill to repeal
the tax on cotton and sugar; which was read
a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, and ordered to be
printed.
AMENDMENT TO THE CONSTITUTION.
Mr. KELSO introduced a joint resolution
proposing an amendment to the Constitution
of the United States of America; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered to
be printed.
SUFFRAGE IN THE DISTRICT.
Mr. NOELL introduced a bill to amend an
act entitled "An act to regulate the-elective
franchise .in the District of Columbia," passed
January 8, 1867; which was read a first and
second time.
Mr. NOELL. I move the reference of this
bill to a select committee of five, and on that
motion I demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
mam question ordered.
Mr. KASSON. I would like to hear the bill
read.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
act of January 8, 1867, be amended so as to
abolish all disqualification from' voting on
account of sex.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I move the reference of
the bill to the Committee for the District of
Columbia.
The SPEAKER. The House is acting under
the operation of the previous question on the
motion to refer the bill to a select committee.
Mr. ROLLINS. I move that the bill be laid
on the table.
The SPEAKER. That motion cannot be
entertained in the morning hour during this
call. Under this call bills must be referred to
the appropriate committees.
On the motion of Mr. NOELL, to refer the
bill to a select committee, there were—ayes
31, noes 50; no quorum voting.
Mr. NOELL. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 49, nays 74, not voting
68; as follows:
YRAS—Messrs. Aneona, Baker, Barker, Baxter,
Benjamin, Boyer, Broom all, Bundy, Campbeil,
Cooper, Defrees, Denison, Eldridge, Farnsworth,
Ferry, Finek, Garfiold, Hale, Hawkins, Hise, Chester
D. Hubbard, Edwin N. Hubbell, Humphrey, Julian,
Kasson, Kelley, Kelso, Le Blond, Loan, McClurg,
McKee, Miller, Newell, Niblaek, Noell, Orth, Bit-
ter, Rogers, Ross, Sitgreaves, Starr, Stevens, Strouse,
Taber, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Trimble, Andrew H.
Ward, Henry D. Washburn, and Winfield—49.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Anderson, James M.Ash-
ley, Baldwin, Beaman, Bidwell, Bingham, Blaine,
Boutwell, Brandegee, Buckland, Reader W. Clarke,
Conkling, Cook, Cttllom, Darling, Dawes, Deming,
Donnelly, Duraorit, Eckley, Eggleston, Eliot, Far-
aubar, Grinneli, Higby, Holmes, Hooper, John II.
Hubbard, Ingersoll, Jenckes, Koontz, Laflin, Lynch,
Marvin, Melmloe, McRuer, Mercur, Moorhead, Mor-
rill, Myers, O'Neill, Paine, Patterson, Perham,
Phelps, Pike, Plants, Price, Samuel J. Randall. Ray-
mond, Rollins, Sawyer, Schenck, Scofield, Shella-
barger, Sloan, Spalding,_ Stokes, Francis Thomas,
John L. Thomas, Trowbridge, Upson, Van Aernaifi,
Burt Van Horn, Hamilton Ward, Warner, William
B. Washburn, Welker, Wcntworth, Williams, James
F. Wilson, Windom, and Woodbridge—74.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Alley, Ames, Arnell, Delos
R. Ashley, Banks, Bergen, Blow, Bromwell, Chanler,
Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Culver, Davis, Dawson, Delano,
Dixon, Dodge, Driggs, Glossbrenner, Goodyear, G-ris-
wold, Aaron Harding, Abner C. Harding, Harris,
Hart, Hayes, Henderson, Hill, Hogan, Hotchkiss,
Asahel W. Hubbard, Demas Hubbard, James R.
Hubbell, Hulburd, Hunter, Johnson, Jones, Kerr,
Ketcham, Kuykenda^, Latham, George V. Law-
rence, William Lawrence, Leftwich.Longyear, Mar-
shall, Marston,Maynard,McCullough, Morris, Moul-
ton, Nicholson, Potnoroy, Radford, William H.
Randall, Alexander H. Rice, John H. Rice, Rousseau,
Shanklin, Stilwell, Nelson Taylor, Thayer, Thorn-
ton, Robert T. Van Horn, Elihu B. Washburne,
Whaley, Stephen F. Wilson, and Wright—68.
So the House refused to refer the bill to a
select committee.
Mr. WILSON, ofTowa. I move that the bill
be referred to the Committee for the District
of Columbia.
The motion was agreed to.
PROCEEDINGS OF FEDERAL COURTS.
Mr. FARQUHAR introduced & bill direct-
ing all writs and processes issued from United
States courts to be in the name of the people,
and requiring the forms of writs, pleadings,
practice, and procedure in the several States to
be adopted in the courts of the United States
held within the said States respectively; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
SOUTH ALABAMA ORPHAN ASYLUM.
Mr. JULIAN introduced a bill to aid the
South Alabama Orphan Asylum; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
RETIREMENT OF TREASURY NOTES.
Mr. ROSS. I introduce a joint resolution
providing that so much of the act of the last
session of Congress as authorizes the Secretary
of the Treasury to retire $4,000,000 of the legal-
tender Treasury notes per month from circu-
lation be and the same is hereby repealed; and
ask that it be passed.
The SPEAKER. That cannot be done
during the morning hour.
Mr. ROSS. I suppose then that the Com-
mittee on Reconstruction is as good a commit-
tee to whom it may be referred as any other.
[Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that is
not an appropriate committee.
The joint resolution was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee o£
Ways and Means.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I move to reconsider
the vote by which the joint resolution was re-
ferred ; and also move that that motion to
reconsidcr bo laid on the table.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not now
in order. The joint resolution, however, can-
not be brought back by a motion to reconsider;
the rule forbids it.
SURROGATE OF DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE introduced a bill to
create the office of surrogate of the District of
Columbia and to provide for the appointment,
of surrogate and define his powers and duties;
which was read afirstand second time, referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
GUARDIANS OF MINORS IN THE DISTRICT.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE also introduced a bill
in relation to guardians of minors in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, their appointments, powers,
and duties; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
MARSHAL OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE also introduced a bill
to provide for the appointment of a marshal
for the District of Columbia, and to change
the mode of appointing that officer; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
CLAIMS.
Mr. BLAINE introduced a bill to amend
section two of chapter one hundred and twenty-
nine of the public acts of 1849 ; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee of Claims.
UNITED STATES NOTES.
Mr. BUNDY introduced a joint resolution
providing that so much of an act entitled "An
act to amend an act to provide ways and means
to support the Government," approved April
12, 1866, as authorizes the Secretary of the
Treasury to retire United States notes be sus-
pended ; and hereafter it shall be unlawful for
the Secretary of the Treasury to retire or with-
draw any part of the said United States notes
from general circulation as money; provided all
mutilated notes may be withdrawn from circu-
lation and destroyed by the Secretary of the
Treasury as may now be provided by law;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means.
IMPEACHMENT.
The SPEAKER stated the next business in
order to be the consideration of the following
resolutions lying over from last Monday:
Resolved, That for the purpose of securing the fruits
of the victories gained on the part of the Republic
during the late war, waged by rebels and traitors
against the life of the nation, and of giving effect to
the will of the people as expressed at the polls dur-
ing the late election by majorities numbering in the
aggregate more than four hundred thousand rotes,
it is the imperative duty of the Thirty-Ninth Con-
gress to take, without delay, such ae.tion as will ac-
complish thefollowing objects:
1. The impeachment of the officer now exercising
the functions pertaining to the office of the President
of the I1 luted States of America, and his removal
from office, upon his conviction in due form of tha
crimes ana high misdemeanors of which he is mani-
festly and notoriously guilty, and which render it
unsafe longer to permit him to exercise the powers
he has unlawfully assumed.
• ?° Pr°vide for the faithful and efficient admin-
istration of the executive department within the
limits prescribed by law.
Mr. LOAN. I move that the resolutions be
I referred to a select committee of seven, with
