1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL1 GLOBE.
807
power to send for persons and papers, and leave
to report at any time.
The SPEAKER. It cannot have leave to
report at any time without unanimous con-
sent.
Mr. LOAN. I withdraw that part of the
motion.
Mr. Speaker, the object I have in making
the motion is this: it is well known that the
appropriate committees of this House are so
crowded with business, and some of them hav-
ing been called and not being liable to be
called again this session, that to refer this mat-
ter to any of them would virtually be to declare
on the part of this House it does not desire to
press this investigation any further. In my
judgment the best interests of the Govern-
ment and all parties concerned require imme-
^ diate investigation and the result published in
an official form ; and in my judgment the only
means to accomplish that purpose is the refer-
ence of the investigation to a select committee,
with power to send for persons and papers.
Mr. JENCKES. I move it be referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. CONKLING. I wish to inquire of the
gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Loan] whether
he makes his motion remembering that this
same matter has been already committed to the
Judiciary Committee, and whether ho would
deem it wise for this House to institute a sec-
ond investigation of the same sort, having two
committees pari passu acting together on the
subject.
Mr. LOAN. T am fully cognizant of all these
facts, and I am further cognizant of this addi-
tional fact, that by a reference to the Judiciary
Committee under the present press of business
in this House and the probable course it will
take, it..will be utterly impossible to further
hear from that committee during the present
Congress. That committee has just been called,
and a reference of this resolution to it will be
equivalent to killing it.
Mr. CONKLING. I wish to make this sug-
gestion : the gentleman seems to forget that
this is a question of privilege, and_ therefore in
order at any time when the committee is ready
to report.
Mr. LOAN. I have forgotten that, six.
Mr. CONKLING. That, the gentleman will
see, makes all the difference in the world.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
he entertained the motion of the gentleman
from Missouri [Mr. Loax] as a question of
privilege, and being a question of privilege
the committee have a right to report at any
time when the House is not engaged in the
transaction of other business.
Mr. LOAN. I then suggest that after the
statement made by members of that com mittee
that it has more business before it than it can
well attend to it should not be referred to that
committee.
Mr. CONKLING. Then I would like to
make the suggestion that that would be a very
good reason perhaps for rescinding the action
heretofore taken, and referring the whole sub-
ject to another committee ; but surely it i_s no
reason for allowing the Judiciary Committee
to proceed and at the same time duplicate the
proceedings by creating another committee to
do the same thing. I hope the gentleman from
Missouri will allow the motion made by the
gentleman from Rhode Island, [Mr. Jen'ckes,]
that this resolution be referred to the Judiciary
Committee, to prevail.
Mr. NIBLACK. I desire to make an inquiry
of the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Loan.]
In his resolution he speaks about securing the
fruits of the victory which has been obtained
by the Federal Army; I wish to know whether
he has reference in that to the Federal offices
as being a part of the fruits of the victory?
[Laughter.]
Mr. LOAN. No sir, I have not. I now
yield to the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Giuswold.]
Mr. GRISWOLD. I merely wished to in-
quire whether it would be in order to lay the
resolution on the table.
The SPEAKER. It will be after the gen-
tleman from Missouri surrenders the floor.
Mr. LE BLOND. Will the gentleman from
Missouri yield a moment?
Mr. LOAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. LE BLOND. If I understand the
proposition that is now pending I certainly am
in favor of the motion made by the gentleman
from Missouri, to refer this whole subject to a
select committee that will give it immediate
and prompt attention. From what has been
said by members of the Judiciary Committee
they have already upon their hands an amount
of business greater than they are able to dis-
pose of during this session. I am in favpr of1
a select committee for several reasons; one
is the fact that certain members have been
charging, both here and elsewhere, that the
Executive of the United States has been guilty
of usurpation of power. Some have even gone
so far as to say—at all events one of my col-
leagues said during the late election campaign
that he would neither give sleep_ to his eyes
nor slumber to his eyelids until articles of
impeachmeift were preferred against the Pres-
ident of the United States. Now, sir, we
have heard enough of this.
Mr. BINGHAM. I would like to know to
whom the gentleman refers?
Mr. LE BLOND. Why, sir, from the pub-
lic press I understand the gentleman himself
so said.
Mr. BINGHAM. I am glad to have an op-
portunity in this place to correct what the pub-
lic press has done. The gentleman might with
equal propriety say that the public press had
announced that I was engaged in drawing up
an article of impeachment charging the Presi-
dent with complicity in the assassination of
Abraham Lincoln, than which nothing was ever
published in the public press of America fur-
ther from the truth.
Now, sir, in regard to the other statement,
I beg leave to say that the public press played
off the same trick upon me that a certain man
did once in Scotland upon a man who had gone
before him, by stealing his thunder and using
it for his own benefit. There was no part of
the speech attributed to me as recited by the
gentleman which was in fact made by me,
except the words which are familiar to us all.
If the people shall vote down the President
and condemn him in the coming elections '' T
will give neither sleep to my eyes nor slumber
to my eyelids until I move the impeachment
of the President if he officially declare^ what
he has unofficially proclaimed, that the Thirty-
Ninth Congress is an illegal body, assuming
to be the Congress hanging on the verge of the
Government." These words were uttered in
view of the published and unofficial language
of the President, that '• the body of men who
legislate in the Congress of the United States
since the opening of the Thirty-Ninth Con-
gress was not the Congress of the United
States, but was an assumed Congress hanging
upon the verge of the Government." I did
say then, and I repeat now, that if the Presi-
dent of the United States should officially and
in any formal manner utter what lie said un-
officially, as reported in the press, of an ille-
gal Congress, &c., such official utterance would
be an impeachable offense, and that I would
make a motion to impeach him ; and I added
then that there was 110 representative of the
people would vote against such impeachment
after the people's public and swift condemna-
tion of the President's gross betrayal of their
tion of the President's gross betrayal of their
interests
Mr. LE BLOND. My colleague insists upon
taking up my time. I referred to this matter
not only from what appeared in the public
press, but I have here, and will have read at
the Clerk's desk, a statement of men who were
present and heard the gentleman's speech. It
the Clerk will read it 1 will then make a tew
additional remarks.
The Clerk read as follows :
villo, Ohio, in the month of September, 1866, m
speaking of the President of the United States, said:
"He (the President) was engaged in a conspiracy
for the overthrow of the Government, and those that
■were supporting him -were engaged with traitors and
had struck hands with treason; and if I am indorsed
by a reelection, so help me God, I will neither give
sleep to my eyes nor slumber to my eyelids until I
have filed articles of impeachment .against Andy
Johnson." , ,
And he also denounced the President as Drunken
Andy Johnson." We were present and heard this
speech. GEORGE H. UMSTEAD,
ALEXANDER PATTONS.
I recollect the above substantially as stated, which
was uttered by the speaker without qualification,
and heartily applauded by many of his auditors.
fi. E. CHAMBERS,
B. S. CLARK,
0. J. SWANKY,
R. M. CLARK.
Mr. LE BLOND. Mr. Speaker, the men
who signed that paper are the officers of that
county, and men of the strictest integrity. But
after the explanation that my colleague has
given here I have nothing further to add in ref-
erence to this matter. I presume my colleague
remembers the manner in which he made this
remark, and I shall not gainsay his statement.
Mr. BINGHAM. I beg leave to say now,
and I am glad to have this opportunity of mak-
ing this statement, that according to my recol-
lection these gentlemen have greatly enlarged
the accusation charged against me by the gen-
tleman in his opening remarks. I beg leave to
make the further statement that as soon as the
report of what I said appeared in the St. Clairs-
ville Gazette, which is published in the adjoin-
ing county to mine, I took occasion then, as I do
no w, to denounce its garbled and unfair report of
my remarks, so that my contradiction might go
throughout the district, and as evidence of that
I call as a witness the statement of one of their
own organs, published in my own town-—the
Cadiz Sentinel—which substantially admitted
that in my speech made in that place before the
election I had corrected and qualified the state-
ment touching impeachment. I have nothing
to do with the character of the gentlemen who
signed the paper just read. I am not going to
cast reproach upon them ; but it is very easy for
the House and for the country to understand
that these gentlemen who have sent their mea-
ger report of my speech have reported me in a
partisan spirit, and have, as is natural to us all
under like circumstances, manifested^ mem-
ory of facts so very imperfect that it will better
subserve mere party ends than the interests of
truth or justice.
Mr. LE BLOND. Now, sir, there is another
reason why I am in favor of the motion of the
gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Loan.] I am in
favor of it in order that the facts may come
before the country. I believe that the Execu-
tive has been maligned. I believe that improper
attacks have been made upon him for sinister
and improper purposes. I am for a committee
who will investigate the charges and report
upon them. Though the President was not
elected by Democratic votes, yetheis our Presi-
dent as much as yours and the President of the
United States.
Now, sir, I am glad to see gentlemen moving
in the proper direction. Too long have triey
been permitted to make these attacks upon the
Executive in this Hall, upon the stump, and
everywhere else, without bringing the facts to
bear which would justify these extreme and
outrageous charges against the Executive ot
the United States. I do not claim to be his
defender; I stand not here for the purpose of
defending him, for he needs none. But while
you have elected him he is my President, and
the President of every man in the country, and
the respect I have for the position he occupies
is sufficient to lead me to require that these
charges shall be made good, or that the parties
making them shall retract them. Wc have had
enough of these charges; we challenge you to
the investigation, ana if upon a fair and im-
partial hearing, you find him guilty impeach
him and remove him from office. The Ameri-
St. Claibsville, Ohio, December 1,1866.
This is to certify that Hon. John A. Bingham,
in a speceh made in the court-house m St. Clairs-
mill atlU ituuuvc unit uuiu    
can people demand it at your hands, and it the
Committee on the Judiciary have so much busi-
ness now before it that they cannot attend to
