1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
Mr. WILLEY. Mr. President, this phrase
"manhood suffrage " sounds very well, and I
am sure I have no objection to it; but I am
particularly desirous that my amendment shall
prevail so as to incorporate in this bill the
qualification of intelligence. Sir, what is man-
hood suffrage? Does "manhood," considered
in its political acceptation, consist simply in
physical power, in arms and feet and hands
and face? Does not the manhood that should
be demanded as the basis of the right of suf-
frage mean something more than this? Does
it not mean intelligence sufficient to appreciate
the duty to be performed? Does it not mean
some degree of moral character and standing?
The pauper is a man and yet you exclude him.
The convict is a man and yet you exclude
him. Our sons under twenty-one years of age
avfi a portion of the common brotherhood and
manhood of the country, and yet you exclude
them. Our wives and our daughters are in
the same category, and yet they are excluded.
So then the question involves some principle
by which it shall be regulated; and it does
seem to me that the true interests of a free
Government, and the wise establishment of a
free Government, require the great and fun-
damental qualification of intelligence, when
wepropose to extend the fundamental right of
suffrage to any of our citizens.
I know how hard it is to provide any rule
that shall operate equally. We have provided
a rule as regards age, and how unequally does
that operate! Yet it was necessary. Thou-
sands of our sons under twenty-one years of
age are much better qualified to exercise the
right of suffrage than thousands of our fellow-
citizens fifty years of age. We must have some
rule, and we have fixed twenty-one years of
age in that respect as the wisest and best rule
that could be propounded.
Now, it strikes me that, looking especially to
the qualifications of the class of population in
this District to whom it is proposed to extend
the right of suffrage; looking to their antece-
dents ; remembering who they are—but a short
time taken from the worst and lowest type of
barbarism in all the world; reflecting that they
have been recently slaves; that they inherit
and still have in them the instincts of slavery;
that they are ignorant; that it is impossible for
them (it is no fault of theirs; it is their misfor-
tune) to have a correct appreciation of the
duties devolving upon a man who exercises the
right of suffrage to understand fully the princi-
ples of our free Government; I say, under all
these circumstances, it does seem to me that
wisdom dictates to us the propriety, if possible,
of fixing some rule by which that great right
shall be protected from abuse, some rule by
which we shall confine its exercise to those
who are competent to use it judiciously.
I am not particularly anxious that this prin-
ciple in my amendment shall prevail; but I
have thought that perhaps as this is somewhat
of an experiment, we might try it in the Dis-
trict of Columbia. It cannot operate very
harshly upon the freed people of this District.
You say that they cannot read and write; but
this does not impose any prohibition upon
them acquiring that faculty. It is rather a
reason and a motive to stimulate them to the
acquisition of knowledge, to acquire the ability
to read and write ; and in that rcspect it would
operate as a distinct advantage to them. I
think perhaps, Mr. President, in our eagerness
and desire to be liberal in this direction, wo
are in danger of going too far, and that we
ought to take counsel of some discretion at
least, and in this, our first experiment, require
some condition that the exercise of this great
right shall be confined to those who may 1)0
expected to have some reasonable apprehen-
sion of what it means and how it ought to be
used.
Mr. ANTIIONY. I understand that it is in
order to perfect the words proposed by the
Senator from West Virginia to be inserted in
lieu of what it is moved to strike out.
The PUKSI I)K\T j>ro fnitjwre. it is.
Mi'. AN THONY. Then I offer the follow- i
ing amendment, to come in at the end of the
matter proposed to be inserted:
Bat no person shall have the right to Yote who in
any way gave aid and comfort to the enemy during
the late rebellion.
Mr. WILSON. The Senator from Rhode
Island will not, I trust, press that amendment.
We better not meddle with that matter of
disfranchisement. There are but few of
these_ persons here, so the prohibition will
practically not amount to anything. As we
are to accomplish a great object, to establish
universal suffrage, we should let alone all pro-
positions excluding a few men here. Disfran-
chisement will create more feeling and more
bitterness than enfranchisement.
I will say to the Senator from West Virginia
that if the colored men of the country possessed
the_ right of suffrage you would not witness the
legislation that has taken place in the rebel
States during the last few months. You would
not find these poor men hunted down, but, on
the contrary, you would find some of the men
who arc now hunting them down passing un-
just laws against them, seeking them, and pro-
fessing friendship and devotion to their cause.
I do not believe the country has suffered much
from 1789 to this time on account of the ignor-
ance of voters; it has suffered far more from
the character of the voters. The people of the
country, the laboring men of the nation, desire
proper legislation. They are for just, equal,
and humane laws. They are patriotic, and they
have generally proved it; and you often find
them by the hundreds and by the thousands
voting nearer right than many of the most intel-
ligent men in the country who have personal
ends to accomplish. I would rather trust the
interests of the country and the rights of man
to the votes of that class of men who have no
personal objects, who have no desire except to
secure just and equal legislation, than to the
votes of tens and hundreds of thousands of men
who have personal interests to secure by the
legislation of the country, both State and na-
tional.
Many men who are not able to read and
write are pure, high-minded, true men, who
love their country and love justice. These
men have made a better record for the last thirty
years for country, for liberty, for justice and
humanity than have some of the most learned
men in the land. If you could establish as a
standard of suffrage integrity of character,
I would agree to it; but as only the eye of God
can judge the heart of man we cannot make
that standard a test.
I am against putting on the restriction of
reading and writing in this District. Here
is a race of men, law-abiding, hard-working,
toiling men, who have been true to the coun-
try when others were false; who have been
law-abiding when others violated the laws;
who have been industrious and careful when
others have been indolent and squandered
their substance. I undertake to say that dur-
ing the last ten years this class of men in this
District have been the equals of the average of
the white raee of the District in the observance
of the laws of the nation and the laws of God.
They have been kept out of your schools and
allowed no privileges of education, and now
what do you propose to do? These men cannot
read and write, but they are generally honest,
upright, good men.
Yon do not propose to let them vote until
they can read and write! Perhaps thev will
never be able to read and write. I think these
poor toiling men, above all other men in the
District, need to hold in their hands the ballot.
It dignifies poor men, it gives them power and
strength; and to confer it upon them it is per-
fectly safe for the District and safe for the
whole country. There is a great difference
between a man holding in his own hands the
right to protect his life, his liberty, his prop-
erty. and the rights of his wife and children,
and the man who is forced to depend upon the
good will of others. 1
We hear a good deal of the evils of ignorant '
suffrage. Sir, the country has suffered far i
more daring the last twenty years from the
selfish conduct and unpatriotic conduct of
intelligent men. There is no danger in ex-
tending suffrage; it is just and safe; . We.are
now about to settle the question for the
District of Columbia, and we should settle
it upon the solid basis of allowing every
man to vote "who is twenty-one years of age;
who has been a resident here one yaar; who is
not a pauper; and who has not committed an
infamous offense.
Mr. POMEROY. I think the Senator from
Massachusetts underestimates or undervalues
the importance of the amendment just moved
by the Senator from Rhode Island. The Sen-
ator fram Rhode Island has not moved the
amendment in the language of the committee.
The committee's amendment disfranchised per-,
sons who had voluntarily left this District to.
join the rebellion. That, as the Senator from
Massachusetts well says, might be a small affair,
being confined to a few persons. But the
amendment now moved by the Senator from
Rhode Island is a'restriction on all persons who
have been engaged in the rebellion, whether
they left the District to join it or not. I do not
know that the feet of having left the District
added particularly to their offense, aBd the
Seuator from West Virginia thinks it was a
palliation ; because in the District they had no
political rights, and, therefore, could not have
committed a crime like that of a man who left
the responsibilities of a State to join a rebels
lion against the United States. But the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts must be aware that
this bill if it becomes- a statute is ta remain
as we hope for all time to come, and I think
it is important to have a statute here that shall
disfranchise men engaged in the rebellion
whether they left the District for that purpose
or whether they now come for the first time.
I regard this bill as important, in the second
place, because it is a sort of model, to be copied
and patterned after by the States. In the
Northwest I know there are States that have
not hitherto given suffrage to colored men, but
they are moving in that direction, and will
copy this very statute, if we make it one, for
their law. That is a reason why I think we
ought to have the statute perfect here.
•1 shall vote for the amendment of the Sena-
tor from Rhode Island because I believe that
it is right. If a man who is so poor and un-
fortunate as not to be able to support himself
is to be disfranchised ; if a man who has been
guilty of no crime, but who is not able to read
and write, is to be disfranchised, why not dis-
franchise a man who has been engaged in re-
bellion ; who has been for years making war
on the Government; and even, perhaps, taken
an oath of allegiance to another Government?
Such a man ought to be naturalized, at any
rate, before he comes back to our Government.
Let him wait five years.
I agree with what the Senator from Massa-
chusetts has said in regard to the require-
ments of reading and writing as a qualification
for voting. That might be entertained in a
State where all the people were allowed to go
to school and leara to read and write; but it
seems to me monstrous to apply it to a class of
persons in this community who were legislated
away from school, to whom every aveuue of
learning was shut up by law.
When the vote comes to be taken I shall
rote to give the ballot to every man of the
prescribed ago and of the proper residence
who has not been guilty of a crime, I care not
for his complexion or his nationality. L have
found that there are Americans who were not
bom here. A man is an American if he has
got an American heart in him. Those of us
who were born here could not help it. Tho
man who is an American from choice deserves
a little something in addition to those who aro
Americans from necessity. Therefore, I say
I would not disfranchise those who come here
joyfully to yield themselves to the moldering
influence of American civilization.
1 tli ink we ought to have th is amendment of the
Senator from Rhode Island incorporated iu the
