44
TfifE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December IS,
bill. In my opinion it would be better to yote
down the amendment of the Senator from
West Vitgmia, and move tliis proposition as
an amendment to the amendment reported by
the committee. , :
"Mr. ANTHONY. It is sviggested that the
Word "voluntarily'' should be inserted in my
amendment, so astoljereijd "those Who volun-
tarily gave - aid and comfort." '"I will also
modify the amendment by substituting the
word "rebels" for "enemies."
I-cannot'Respond to the appeal of my friend
from Massachusetts to withdraw the amend-
ment1.- .^I'did hotsuppo^e it would meet the op-
pt>sitkm!of a single Senatpr, arid }e st of all of
the. Senator from Massachusetts. , Ther£ is no
class of people, black or white, mal&or female,
old or young, that I would disfranchise so
quickly, or that ! would- enfranchise so reluct-
antly, as those who have tak.en up arms against
the country; and all the embitterment which
that niay cause, and I have no doubt it- will
Cause a "great deal, is a very Jiealthy embitter-
ment, which I think we should not attempt to
conciliate-, but should rather put down.
Mr. CO WAN. Mr. President, I should like
to inquire of the honorable Sepa'ter from Bhode
Island what'provision he proposes for the pur-
pose of determining who are the guilty persons
at whom he aims. Who shall try, who shall
determine their guilt? because that is most
important. To insert merely a prohibitory
provision without providing any means by
which the persons stigmatized would be fixed,
set apart from the rest of the society, is sim-
ply a nullity.
Another question I should like to put to the
honorable Senator. However doubtful the
question might be as to the people of the sev-
eral States of the Union, I think' nobody ever
doubted that the inhabitants of the District of
Columbia owed a direct' and personal alle-
giance to this Government, that to them it was
a complete, perfect Government i n all respects.
It is said some of them have violated the laws
of that Government. Now, I would like to
ask the honorable Senator upon what princi-
ple heretofore recognized among civilized Gov-
ernments he can impose upon them any pen-
alties except those which the laws impose, and
how they can be imposed in any other w%
than by the law, and how he can propose to
dp that in the race of the plain provisions of
the Constitution which forbid bills of attainder
and which forbid ex post facto laws. Now, if
I understand him, he proposes to deprive per-
sons who have been heretofore entitled to the
right of voting of that rijjht. That is punish-
ment, that is penalty. Iiave they incurred it?
Was there any law imposing that punishment
upon any offense in this District heretofore?
If there was, then it may well be imposed
now; but if there was no law of that kind,
how can you now enact a law by which to bring
about that result without encountering the
difficulty of facing the ex post facto provision?
If these were inhabitants of States holding
to the theory that the primary allegiance was
not due to the United States but to the State,
then we might with some show perhaps at-
tempt to perpetrate this thing. But they are
citizens of the District of Columbia, residing
here, ajid who owe direct and personal alle-
giance to this Government. It is their Govern-
ment ; and I ask upon what principle can the
Government deprive them of their right to a
trial by the law, because it is not to be assumed
that they are guilty. The law never makes
that assumption. The very first principle of
our law is the assumption that all men are in-
nocent, and that not even all the guilty are to
be punished, but only those of the guilty whom
you can show to be guilty according to the
forms and provisions of the law beyond all
■ reasonable doubt. That is the right of an
American citizen. If he has not that right,
what has he ? It is the sum-total of American
liberty. It is the end and aim of this whole
fabric. It is the result of eighteen hundred
years of struggle.
Then when you meet a man who is alleged
to have aided the rebellion, what does the law
presume? The law presumes he is innocent,
fhe question of his guilt is the first thing to be
determined. The law is upon his side with
its humanity, and it presumes him innocent.
How is the fact to be ascertained? 'The Con-
stitution declares that it must be by due process
of law. This is fundamental, elementary, lying
at the bottom of the whole fabric. To take it
away is to destroy everything that is sacred
among us.
Now, I ask Senators to apply this to them-
selves. What would .you say if you were
charged with.a crime?' If you are innocent
you would claim the right of an American cit-
izen to have a'fair trial according to the foi'ms
of the law; and as the law does not know
whether you are innocent or g-uilty it gives to
the guilty precisely the same rights that you
have. Now how can that be done in this Dis-
trict? How is it possible? Is this offense to
be found by a grand jury? Is that to be un-
derstood? If it is to be found by a grand jury,
is it then to be tried by a petit jury, presided
over by a judge learned in the law? And how
is the judge to inflict this sentence; how is he
to impose this penalty, a penalty which you
propose to make here on the 10th of December,
1866, long after the offense was committed?
And yetyou say that you preserve the principle
that no ex post facto law shall be passed!
Mr. President, with me it is a fundamental
principle that citizens owe allegiance to the
Government to which they are subjects, and
that under no circumstance can those citizens
incur any penalties whatever unless they be
prescribed by the law3 before the offenses to
which they apply are committed. To impose
them afterward is worse than all the tyrannies
that have ever been denounced heretofore. The
first thing the tyro in the law is taught is to
abhor the name of Caligula, and why ? Not
that he did not enact his laws before the hap:
pening of the offense, not that the laws were
not prescribed and published before the 'offense;
but he was denounced as the most horrible and
cruel of all tyrants because he caused them to
be written in small letters and posted upon the
tops of high posts, so that the people could not
read them, and then after his people had vio-
lated them, imposed the penalty. That was
humanity itself compared with this mode of
imposing a penalty. That was a cruelty which
might have been surmounted by a step-ladder;
but here is a cruelty contemplated for which
there is no remedy and there can be no remedy.
No man can tell what punishment his conduct
may deserve if it is not to be determined until
after he commits the crime.
Now, Mr. President, all this thing is simple;
it is within the reach and grasp of gentlemen
who love the Constitution and love the laws.
If there is any man in the District of Colum-
bia who has committed the crime of treason,
here is a Government over him which has af-
fixed a penally to that crime, which has all the
machinery ready to try him, ready to convict
him, and ready to enforce the penalty to the
utmost. Why should we overturn all that is
sacred in the past; why should we wish to btul-
tify ourselves at this late day in setting aside
all this wise provision which has been tested
by time and ages, and resort to this trifling. I
beg pardon, I have no wish to offend by saying
"trifling," but it is trifling. A man who com-
mits treason, the highest of all crimes, is to be
discharged upon being deprived of the right
of suffrage 1 I am not one of those who believe
that all participation in the late rebellion was
treason, but I am of those who do believe that
treason was committed against this Govern-
ment; and I say that if a man from this Dis-
trict, within the shadow of this Capitol, who
could have been protected by the power of the
United States here, went away and joined him-
self with those who were making war upon this
Government he was guilty of treason; and to
tell me that he has incurred no other penalty
than that of being deprived of the right of
suffrage is trifling, and trifling with the most
sacred of things.
What is. to prevent such a man being pun-
ished, and punished by the law? i'ou talk
about punishing traitors; but if there are such
people why are they not punished ? You have
Courts and juries, you have all the machinery
here, and you have, as I said before, victims
within your grasp. If you waijt to vindicate
the law, do so, the law that you prescribe; not
uponhJgh-posts,not pitfalls that you dig for the
citizen, bat vindicate the laws you have enacted
solemnly, Which are upon your statute-books,
and which are the will and the embodiment of
the will of the American people, whose will is
to be so. ?inch respected, is there any diffi-
culty about', it? Who alleges a difliculty? Who
says it canpot be done? Whoever says it can-
not be done asserts the failure of the Govern-
ment, because that Government which cannot
enforce its laws,' which cannot impose the
penalty they prescribe, and "which cannot pnu-
ish the .guilty according to their process and
according to their provisions, is no Govern-
ment at all; it has failed in the very thing for
which it was established.
Then, Mr. President, in this District espe-
cially, where this is undoubtedly the Govern-
ment; where there is no double allegiance;
where there is no double system of laws; where
there is no conceivable difficulty about the duty
of the citizen and the line he is to take in regard
to his country, I object to this. I object to l his
amendment, in the first place, that it provides
no mode by which the offense can be ascer-
tained; in thesecond place, that it imposes a
punishment which is ex post facto; and in the
third place, that it is trifling with the highest
crime known among men. What would the
honorablfe_Senator from Rhode Island say if
there were a dozen murderers in the District
and he were to propose to exclude them fronj
the right of suffrage? How he would shock the
sensibilities of the whole community if he
were to propose to discharge them upon such
a condition as his amendment discloses here.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It does not propose
that. The penalties of treason still remain.
Mr. COW AN. It proposes to impose a pun-
ishment for a specific offense. Whether it pro-
poses to exempt them from punishment for the
crime of treason I am not prepared to say;
because there is nothing in the amendment
which throws any light upon that subjoct; but
the fair inference is that he is to be satisfied if
he attains this end, that this is to be a condo-
nation of the offense, this is to be iij full dis-
charge of it.
But to pursue the other idea a moment fur-
ther ; if he supposed these people guilty uf
murder, what would be thought of the propo-
sition in that case? And'yet treason is a crime
of infinitely greater magnitude, of infinitely
deeper dye than murder. In the case of mur-
der how many men would rise iu their places
and protest against the imposition of such a
penalty as this upon the murderer, even in
addition to the others?
The Senator from Maine suggests that the
penalties for treason still remain. Suppose
they do and are to be executed according to
the law, what is this additional penalty worth ?
Of how much effect will be disfranchisement
after a man has suffered the capital penalty,
aftet his neck is broken? So that upon either
horn of the dilemma it is an absurdity. Impose
such penalties upon the offender as he has
earned by his crime; impose them in that dig-
nified manner and according to the forms of
the law which have been sauetified by ages and
which every lawyer at least ought to stand by
and stand upon, as he knows they are the molds
in which liberty and freedom are cast, and in
which they are preserved; let it bo done
decently and in order; and now, after the great
struggle for national existence is over, after
the smoke has cleared away from the battle-
field, after a new and a better Union rises in
the prospect, let us not degrade ourselves in
the eyes of coming posterity by such trifling as
this.
Mr. ANTHONY. Mr. President, I do not
know of any Senator who can pile up objec-
