46
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 10,
will be their paradise indeed, and in less than
two years from this time it will be flooded by
negroes from all parts of the country, and your
mayors and your corporation officers will be
composed of negroes. Sir, I want to keep my
humble record right upon this question of ne-
gro suffrage, and therefore although an amend-
ments this bill might possibly be better than
the original bill, yet that amendment recogniz-
ing the right of the negro race to vote I can-
not under any circumstances vote for it.
I do not believe that the interest of the
people of this District, whether white or black,
requires such an enactment as this. In my
own "State, more than one fifth of whose inhab-
' itants are composed of negroes, would I vote
for any such measure as this? N6, sir. .Is
there a Senator on this floor who, if in his own
State there was such a proportion of negroes
to the white population, would vote for giving
the right of suffrage in his State to the negro
race? Sir, it may do very well for gentlemen
* representing States in which there are not
enough of the negro race to make mile-posts
along the public roads to vote for a measure
of this kind, because it is hardly within the
range of possibility that any great amount of
injury can result to such States; but where the
races are so nearly equal, and where it is
reasonable to suppose that the "paradise"
opened up for negroes will be filled with more
negroes than whites, I hold that I should be
derelict in duty to my own race, which I be-
lieve to be superior in all respects to the negro
race, if I were to vote to give them the right
of suffrage under any circumstances whatever.
Mr. CONNESS. As the Senator having
charge of this amendment has apparently
abandoned it, and my motion wes intended
to perfect the amendment, I will withdraw the
motion, so that the Senate maycome to a vote
upon the main amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
to amend made by the Senator from California
is withdrawn. The question is on the amend-
ment of the Senator from "West Virginia, [Mr.
Willey,] striking out the first section of the
amendment of the committee after the enacting
clause, and inserting what has been read at the
desk in lieu of the first section ; and on that
question the yeas and nays have been ordered.
Mr. KIRICWOOD. I received a note from
the Senator from Tennessee [Mr. Fowt.er]
this morning stating that he is detained from
the Senate by the illness of his wife, and for
that reason he cannot be present.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yea 1, nays 41; as follows :
YEA—Mr. Kirkwood-l.
NAYS—Messrs. Brown, Buokalew, Chandler, Con-
ness, Cowan, Creswell, Davis, Dixon, Doolittlc, Ed-
munds, Fessenden, Fogg, Foster, Frelinghuysen, II ar-
ris, Henderson, Hondricks, Howard, Howe, Lane,
Morgan, Morrill, Norton, Patterson, Poland, Pom-
eroy, Ramsey, Riddle, Ross, Saulsbury, Sherman,
Sprague. Stewart, Sumner, Trumbull, Van Winkle,
Wade, "VVilley, Williams, Wilson, and Yates—41.
ABSBNT—Messrs. Anthony, Cattell, Cragin, Fow-
ler, Grimes, Guthrie, Johnson, MeDougall, Nesmith,
and Nye-*10.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend the
amendment reported by the committee in sec-
tion one, line eight, by striking out the word
"six," the last word in that line, and also by
stricking out the word "months," the first word
in the next line, and inserting the words "one
year," so as to require a residence in the Dis-
trict for one year previous to any election
instead of six montffi.
Mr. "WILSON. I suggest to the Senator
to modify that amendment so as to insert after
the word "of," in the eighth line, the words
"one year and in the ward or precinct in which
he shall offer to vote six months previous to
any election therein." That would require a
residence of one year in the District and six
months in the ward where the man offers to
vote.
Mr. MORRILL. I have no objection to that.
Mr. SHERMAN. When isthe election here?
"Mr, MORRILL. 'In March.
Mr. WILSON. It does not matter when the
election is. The election here will be next
June, I think. But there is this consideration:
we do not want to encourage men to go from
one ward to another to carry a special election.
What we want is everybody to vote and to have
"honest voters. I think if we require a resi-
dence of one year in the District ana six months
in the ward or election precinct where the man
offers to vote it will be a check and a guard
upon illegal voting and secure fair play.
Mr. CRESWELL. I suggest to the honorable
Senator from Massachusetts that his amend-
ment is imperfect unless he further provides
that a man moving from one ward to another
shall have the right to vote in the ward from
which he moved -until he acquires the right to
vote in the ward in which he has moved. Other-
wise, a citizen of Washington might be five
months in a ward and in that way lose his vote,
although he had never been out of the city.
Mr. WILSON. I think he ought to lose it.
Mr. CRESWELL. I think it unjust.
Mr. WILSON. There is no reason on earth
why he should vote.
Mr. CRESWELL. I differ from the hon-
orable Senator in that respect.
Mr. WILSON. In all the States there is
such a provision as this.
Mr. CRESWELL. No, sir, not in all the
the States; not in Maryland.
Mr. WILSON. It is possible that the State
of Maryland may have so foolish a law as that
suggested, but I do not believe any other State
has got it. At any rate, I do not think any one
ought to vote on a residence of that kind. I
am for every man of proper age having the
right to vote ; but I am for guarding the ballot-
box against corruption. If you allow a man to
vote on a residence of a year or six months in
the District, and there comes a close election,
you will find men moving from one ward into
another to carry the election. Such a thing
ought to be prevented, and therefore I propose
to modify the amendment of the Senator from
Maine so as to require one year's residence in
the district and six months in the ward or
precinct where he shall offer to vote. If six
months is considered too long, I will say three
months. [" Say three months."] Very well;
I will adopt that change.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Maine accept the modification
of his amendment as proposed by the Senator
from Massachusetts?
Mr. MORRILL. It is rather against my
judgment. I will not accept it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Then the
question is on the motion of the Senator from
Maine to strike out in the eighth and ninth
lines of the amendment of the committee the
words "six months," and to insert "one year."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I desire now to offer the
amendment that I suggested a moment ago.
The section as it now stands requires a residence
of one year in the District. I propose to add
after the words "one year," which have just
been inserted in line eight, section one, the
words, "and three months in the ward or
election precinct in which he shall offer to
vote."
Mr. POMEROY. I suggest to the Senator
that he can accomplish what he desires by
moving his amendment in another place. If
the amendment is inserted after the eighth line,
it will be construed that the person must have
lived at the one place a year and three mouths.
I suggest to him to insert after the word "vote"
in the eleventh line the words "in the ward or
election precinct in which he has resided three
months prior to the election." That will ac-
complish what the Senator has in view; but
if it is inserted in the other place it will be con-
strued to mean that the elector must live a year
and three months in that place.
Mr. WILSON. I think the Senator is alto-
gether mistaken in that, but I have no objection
to having the amendment inserted where the
Senator suggests. If the Senator will read the
constitutions of the several States he will find
in all of them express words in tliis- form
requiring a local residence of so many months.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. COWAN. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the committee in section one, line two,
by striking out the word "male" before the
word ''person."
Mr. President, it is very well known that I
have always heretofore been opposed to any
change of the kind contemplated by this bill,
but while opposing that change I have uni-
formly asserted that if it became inevitable, if
the change was certain, I should insist upon this
change as an accompaniment. It is agreed—
for I suppose when my honorable friend from
Rhode Island [Mr. Anthony] and myself agree
to it, it will be taken to be the universal senti-
ment of the body—that the right of suffrage is
not a natural right, but a conventional right,
and that it may be limited by the community,
the body-politic, in any manner they see fit and
consistent with their sense of propriety and
safety.
The proposition now before the Senate is to
confer on the colored people of this District
the right of franchise; that is, the advocates
of the bill say that that will be safe and pru-
dent and proper, and will contribute, of course,
to the happiness of the tpass of the inhabitants
of the District; and they further say that no
reason can be given why a man-of one color
should not vote as well as a man of another
color, especially when both are equally mem-
bers of the same society, equally subjected to
its burdens, equally to be called upon to de-
fend it in the held, and all that. I agree to a
great portion of that. I do not know and never
did know any very good reason why a black
man should not vote as well as a white man,
except simply that all the white men said, "We
do not like it." I do not know of any very
good reason why a black woman should not
marry a white man, but I suppose the white
man would give about the same reason, he does
not like to do it. There are certain things in
which we do not like to go into partnership
with the people of different races and between
whom and ourselves there are tribal antipa-
thies. It is now proposed to break down that
barrier, so far as political power may be con-
cerned, and admit both equally to share in this
privilege; and since the barrier is to ho broken
down, and since there is to be a change, T desire
another change, for which I thiuk there is quite
hs good a reason, and a little better, perhaps,
than that offered for this. I propose to extend
this privilege not only to males, but to females
as well; and I should like to hear even the
most astute and learned Senator upon this floor
give any better reason for the exclusion of
females from the right of suffrage than there is
for the exclusion of negroes. I want to hear
that reason. I should like to know it.
Now, for my part, I very much prefer, if the
franchise is to be widened, if more people are
to be admitted to the exercise of it, to allow
females to participate than I would negroes ;
but certainly I shall never give my consent to
the disfranchisement of females who live in
society, who pay taxes, who are governed by
the laws, and who have a right, I think, even
in that respect, at times to throw their weight
in the balance for the purpose of correcting
the corruptions and the viciousncss to which
the male portions of the family tend. I think
they have a right to thr^sv their influence into
the scale: aud T should like to hear auy reason
to be offered why this should not be.
Taxation and representation oughttogo hand
in hand. That we have heard here until all
ears have been wearied with it. If taxation
and representation are to go hand in hand, why
should they not go hand in hand with regard
to the female as well as the male? Is there
any reason why Mrs. Smith should be gov-
erned by a goat-head of a mayor any mora
than John Smith, if he could correct it? He
is paid by taxes levied and assessed on her
