1866.
THE 001STG-RESSIONAE GLOBE.
property just in the game way as he is paid out
of taxes levied on the property of John. If
she commits an offense she is subjected to be
tried, convicted, and punished by tie other sex
alone; and she has no protection whatever in
any way either as to her property,'her person,
or to her liberty very often.
There is another thing, too. A great many
reflections have been madeupon the white race
keeping the black in slavei^. I should like to
know whether we have not partially kept the
female sex in a condition of slavery, particu-
larly that part of them who labor for a living?
I do not know of any reason in the world why
a woman should be confined to two dollars a
week when a man gets two dollars a day and
does not do any more work than she does, and
does not do that which he does do quite so well
at all times.
Mr. President, if we are to adventure our-
selves upon this wide sea of universal suffrage,
I object to manhood suffrage. I do not know
anything specially about manhood which dedi-
cates it to this purpose more than exists about
womanhood. Womanhood to me is ratherthe
more exalted of the two. It is purer; it is
higher; it is holier ; and it is not purchasable
at the same price that the other is, in my judg-
ment. If you want t® widen the franchise so
as to purify your ballot-box, throw the virtue
of the country into it; throw the temperance
of the country into it; throw the purity of the
country into it; throw th'e angel element, if I
may so express myself, into it. [Laughter. ]
Let there be as little diabolism' as possible, but
as much of the divinity as you can get.
Therefore, Mr. President, I put this as a
serious question for the consideration of this
body. In the presence of the tendencies of
the ago and in recognition of this movement,
which my honorable friend from Massachusetts
is always talking about, and of which he seems
to have had premonition long before it came
to any of the rest of us—I say in the face
of this movement and in recognition of it, I
earnestly beg all patriots here to think of this
proposition. It is inevitable. How are you
to resist when it is made the demand of fif-
teen million American females for this right,
which can be granted and which can be as
safely exercised in their hands as it can in the
hands of negroes? And I would ask gentlemen
while they are bestowing this ballot which has
such merit in it, which has such a healing effi-
cacy for all ills, which educates people, and
which elevates them above the common level
of mankind, and which, above all, protects
them, how they will go home and look in the face
their sewing women, their laboring women,
their single women, their taxed women, their
overburdened wemen, their women who toil
till midnight for the barest subsistence, and
say to them, ,:ffe have it not for you; we
could give it to the negro, but we could not
give it to you.''
How would the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts face the recent meeting of the
Auti-SIavery Society in Philadelphia? llow
would he answer the potent arguments which
were offered there and which challenge an
answer even from the Senate of the United
States, when made by women of the highest
intellect, perhaps, on the planet, and women
who are determined, knowing their rights, to
maintain them and to secure them? 1 askhonor-
able Senators of his faith how they arc,to answer
those ladies there?- If this is refused, how are
Senators to answer, especially those who recog-
nize the onward force of this movement, who
are up to the tendencies of the times, who de-
sire to keep themselves in front of the great
army of humanity which is marching forward
just as certainly to universal suffrage as to
unhei'sal manhood suffrage. Therefore, Mr.
President, 1 offer this amendment and ask for
the yeas and nays upon it.
They yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move that the Senate
do now adjourn. ["'Oh, no."]
Mr. WILSON. I hope not.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mo-
tion is not debatable and must be put unless
withdrawn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF^BPEESBNTATIYES.
Monday, December 10,1866.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Eev. C. B. Boynton.
The Journal of Thursday last was read and
approved.
The following members appeared in addition
to those heretofore reported:
Maryland—Benjamin G. Harris.
New York—Roscoe Conkling and Edwin N.
Hubbell.
Michigan—John W. Longyear.
New Hampshire—Gilman Marston.
order of business.
- The SPEAKER announced as the first busi-
ness in order during the morning hour, the
call of States for the introduction of bills on
leave, for reference to appropriate committees,
not to be brought back by a motion to recon-
sider.
government op rebellions states."
Mr. WAED, of New York, introduced a
bill to guaranty to certain States that have
been in rebellion a republican form of govern-
ment; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the joint committee on reconstruc-
tion, and ordered to be printed.
atlantic telegraph company.
Mr. DARLING introduced a bill granting
the right to land submarine cables of Ameri-
can Atlantic Telegraph Company ; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on the Post Offices and Post Roads.
repeal or neutrality laws.
Mr. ROGERS introduced a bill to repeal
the neutrality laws; which was read a first and
secend time, and referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
presidential proclamations.
Mr. BIN GHAM introduced a bill to declare
valid and conclusive certain proclamations of
the President and acts in pursuance thereof,
or of his orders, in the suppression of the late
rebellion against the United States; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
suffrage in district of columbia.
Mr. FARQUHAR introduced a bill to
"make treason odious" by disfranchising
within the District of Columbia all persons
who voluntarily bore arms against the United
States, or accepted or exercised the itmetiens
of office from or under the so-called confederate
States of America or any of them ; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered to
be printed.
agricultural colleges.
Mr. AENELL introduced a bill relative to-
the grant of land for the establishment of agri-
cultural colleges : which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Agriculture.
register of wills for the district.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, introduced
a bill in relation to the appointment of the
register of wills for the District of Columbia :
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
circuit court ix illinois.
Mr. CULLOM introduced a bill providing for
an additional term of the circuit court of the
United States for the southern district of the
State of Illinois; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
aloxzo hyde.
Mr. FERRY introduced a bill for the relief
of Alonzo Hyde; which was read n first and
■second time, referred to the Committee of
Claims, and ordered to be printed.
b naval depots on the lakes.
Mr. PAINE introduced a bill to provide for
the establishment of one or more naval depots
on the northern and northwestern lakes of the
United States; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
land-grant railroad in california. '
Mr. HIGBY introduced a bill grantinglands
to aid in the construction ©f a railroad frbm
the city of Stockton to the town of Copperopo-
lis, in the State of California; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to tha
Committee on Public Lands.
branch mint at san francisco.
Mr. McRUER introduced a joint resolution
to authorize the Secretary of the Treasury to
purchase a suitable site for a branch mint at
San Francisco, California; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations.
blessington rutledge.
Mr. HENDERSON introduced a bill con-
firming the title of certain lands to Blessin'g-
ton Rutledge, of Oregon; which was read a first
and second time, and referrea to the Committee
on Private Land Claims.
daniel cole.
Mr. LATHAM introduced a bill for the re-
lief of Daniel Cole, of Hampshire county, Vir-
ginia : which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee Invalid
Pensions.
mrs. louisa fitch.
Mr. LATHAM also introduced a bill for the
relief of Mrs. Louisa Fitch, widow of the late
Captain E. P. Fitch, assistant quartermaster
United States volunteers; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions.
The SPEAKER stated the next business in
order to be the call of States for resolutions.
pensioners.
Mr. PERHAM submitted the following res-
olution ; which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Invalid Pensions
be, and are hereby, instructed to inquire whether an y
persons in the late rebel States whoso names were
stricken from the pension-rolls on account of their
participation in the rebellion have been restored; and
if so, by what authority; also to ascertain the names
and residences of the persons restored.
volunteer brevets.
Mr. BLAINE submitted the following res-
olution ; which was read, considered, and
agreed to :
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of pro-
viding by law that officers appointed from the vol-
unteer service into the regular Army may be bre-
veted in the latter for gallant, meritorious, or faith-
ful conduct in the formor.
safety of passengers.
Mr. RICE, of Maine, submitted the follow-
ing resolution 5 which was read, considered,
and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be,
and they hercbt arc, directed to inquire what further
legislation, if any, is nccessary for the better security
of the health and lives of passengers upon vessels
and steamers sailing under the laws of thoUuited
States; that they bo authorized to send for persons
and papers, examine apparatus and machinery, and
cause such practical tests thereof to be mado as they
may deem necessary, and report by bill 01 otherwise.
navy-yaubs.
Mr. ROLLINS submitted the following res-
olution ; which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be
instructed to report a bill making the appointment
of head* of the different m<>elumi^al departments of
the various navy-jards subject to the approval of the
Senate.
Mr. ROLLINS moved to reconsider the vote
by whu-h tho resolution jirasadopted : and also
