m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 10,
moved that 'Bhe "motion to reconsider foe" laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to#
norfolk mot;
Mr. ELIOT submitted the following resolu-
tion which was read, considered, andagreed to:
. Resolved, That theSocretary of War bo directed to
'communicate to this House any report or -evidence
whictl may be in the. p.ossespiGn of the War Depart-
ment;, or of any bureau eohnected therewith, in rela-
tion to the riot at -ISorfolk, Virginia, on the 16th of
April, 1866; also any evidence or documents relating
to the alleged Imprisonment, in Georgia, of- Rev
William Fincher  a missionary to the freedmen ii
that State.
Mr. ELIOT moved to reconsider the vote by
^irieh the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reccmsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
brazilian steamers.
Mr. ALLEY submitted the following resolu-
tion ; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Postmaster General be requested
to communicate to this House the number and time
of passages of the ocean Brazilian steamers, and the
number of failures of said line to connect with the
returning steamers from the port of New York to
those of Brazil.
officers' accounts.
Mr. HART submitted the following resolu
tion; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs
inquire into the expediency of such legislation as shall
the better facilitate the settlement of military officers
accounts with the War Department.
pardons.
Mr. HART also", by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
considered, and agreed to:
Ecsolved, That the President of the United States
furnish to this House a list of names of all persons
engaged in the late rebellion against the United
States Government who have been pardoned by him
from April 15, 1865, to this date; that said list shall
also state the rank of each person who has been so
pardoned, if he has been engaged in the military
service of the so-called confederate government, and
the position if he shall have held any civil office
under said so-called confederate government; and
shall also further state whether such person has at
any time prior to April 14,1861, held any office under
tho United States Government, and if so, what office,
together with the reasons for granting such pardons;
and also the names of the person or persons at whose
solicitation suoh pardon was granted.
Mr, HART moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
military discharges.
Mr. HOTCHIvISS introduced a bill to au-
thorize the granting of discharges to certain
volunteers in the late war; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
foreign vessels and coastwise trade.
Mr. BRANDEGEE submitted the following
resolution; which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be,
and are hereby, instructed to inquire whether any-
foreign vessels have been of are engaged in the
coastwise trade contrary to the laws of the United
States, and to report the facts to this House, with
6uch recommendations as shall prevent the same, by
bill or otherwise.
soldiers employed as clerks.
Mi*. BANKS submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was read, considered, and
agreed to;
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs
be requested to consider tho expediency of provid-
ing for an increase of the pay of soldiers who are
detailed for the performance of clcrical duties in tho
several Departments of the Government.
tax on manuf a cturjss.
Mr. BROOMALL submitted the following
resolution; which was read, considered, and
agreed to;
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
abolishing the five per con,t. internal revenue tax on
manufactures and the products of mcclianioal skill,
someother way relieving those interests from a
peHioa-of their present burdens.
extinguishment of tiie national debt.
Mr. KELLEY offered the following resolu-
tion, and demanded the previous question
thereon:
Resolved, That the proposition that the war debt
of the country should be extinguished by the genera-
tion that contracted it is not sanctioned by sound
principles or national economy, and does not meet
with the approval of this House.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I think
that had better go to the Committee of Way
and Means.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I move to lay it on
the table.
Mr. KELLEY. Let it be referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means. I demand
the previous question.
The motion to lay the resolution on the
table was not agreed to.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means.
tax on manufactures.
Mr. WELKER submitted the following res-
olution ; which was read, considered, and
agreed to:  
Resolved, That the Committee of "Ways and Means
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of so
amending the internal revenue law that the tax on
the manufacture of harness, saddles, tin-ware, and
all kinds of leather, and on wagons and carriages,
be reduced to two per cent, instead of five, as now
provided by law, making those articles of production
bear the samo taxation as clothing, boots, and shoes,
and report by bill or otherwise.
distillery inspectors.
Mr. WELKER also submitted the following
resolution ; which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of so
amending the internal revenue law that the inspector
for all distilleries making less than three hundred
gallons of whisky per day shall bo paid by the Gov-
ernment, and not by the distillers as now provided
by law, and report by bill or otherwise.
reconstruction.
Mr. SPALDING offered the following res-
olution: #
Resolved, That the committee on reconstruction be
requested to inquire into tho expediency of passing
a joint resolution declaratory of the purpose of Con-
gress in the reception of Senators and llepresenta-
tives from the rebellious States, respectively, upon
the ratification by them of the constitutional amend-
ment and the establishment of republican forma of
government not inconsistent with tho Constitution
of the United States.
The SPEAKER. Under the order of the
House at the last session, this resolution will
be referred to the com mittee on reconstruc-
tion without debate.
soldiers' lost discharges-
Mr. BUCKLAND submitted the following
resolution; which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committoe on Military Affairs
be, and are hereby, instructed to inquireinto theexpe-
diency of passing a law for the relief of discharged
soldiers who have accidentally lost their discharges,
and to report by bill or otherwise.
ouro iDroTic asylum.
Mr. GARFIELD submitted the following
resolution, and demanded the previous ques-
tion thereon:
Resolved, That tho Committee on Military Affairs
be instructed to inquire into the expediency ofpre-
senting to the State of Ohio the lumber and other
materials belonging to the United States at Gamp
Chase, Ohio, to be used in the erection of the State
asylum for the idiotic, and that they report by bill or
otherwise.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was agreed to.
tax on distillers.
Mr. McKEE submitted the following res-
olution j which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of re-
porting a bill for the exemption of manufacturers of
distilled spirits whose product is annually less than
twenty barrels from the provisions of the act ap-
proved July Ki, 1866, (internal revenue law,) to wit:
from the provisions ofscction twenty-seven, requir-
ing tho owner of caeh distillery tfc provide a bonded
warehouse; from section twenty-nine, requiring them
to pay for an inspector and relieving them from that
inspector; section, thirty-four, requiring that all
spirits distilled during each day of twenty-four hours
shall be conveyed on that day into one of the receiving
cisterns prepared for that purpose, and that such
cisterns shall be connected with the outlet of the still
fey suitable pipes or other apparatus so constructed as
always to be exposed to the view of the inspector.
tennessee home guards.
Mr. STOKES submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Whereas Congress on the 28th day of July, 1866,
passed an act proposing to equalize the bounties of
soldiers whft served in the late war for the suppression
of the rebellion and for the preservation of tho Con-
stitution; whereas in the State of Tennessee there
were a number of regiments recruited and mustered
into the UnitecHStates service for the term of twelve
months, (known as "Home Guards,") who rendered
good service; and whereas said law evidently fails
in its object to do justice to many of those who bore
the burdens: Therefore,
Be it resolved, That the Committee on Military
Affairs be, and they are hereby, instructed to inauire
into the justice of said claim, and report by bill or
otherwise,
pension laws.
_ Mr. JULIAN. I offer the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of so
amending the pension laws as to allow applicants
for pensions to recover the samo from the date of
discharge.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to amend the res-
olution by striking out u Committee on Military
Affairs'1 and inserting in lieu thereof "Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions.
Mr. JULIAN. I have no objection to that.
The amendment was agreed to.
The resolution, as amended, was then
adopted.
increased pay of clerks.
Mr. FARQUHAR submitted the following
resolution; which, being a call for executive
information, was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
instructed to inform this House what amount of the
appropriation of $160,000 made by the present Con-
gress during its first session as increased salary for
clerks and employesinthe Treasury Department has
been paid, to whom it was paid, the amount to each
person, the position or office held by them, and the
regular salary or pay they are now or were then
receiving from the Government.
Mr. SCHENCIC moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
_ Mr. HILL submitted the following resolu-
tion ; which, being a call for executive informa-
tion, was considered by unanimous consent,
and agreed to;
Resolved, That tho Secretary of the Treasury bo
requested to inform this House what portions of the
sums of $250,000 granted by the act of March 2, 1865,
and of $160,000 appropriated by the act of July 2o,
1866, have been expended, and how expended, giving
the names of the recipients of any portion of such
funds, the amounts received, and the date of payment
thereof, and tho position of such recipients in said
Department at the time of such payments.
Mr. HILL moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
payment for slates.
Mr. MOULTON submitted the following
resolution: which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on tho Judiciary be,
and they are hereby, instructed to inquire into the
policy and expediency of repealing all laws provid-
ing for the# payment under any circumstances to per-
sons claiming to be the former masters or owners of
persons heretofore known as slaves for tho loss of
such slaves under any circumstances whatever, and
whether any constitutional objection exists to the
repeal of such laws, and that they report to this
House by bill or otherwise.
national currency.
Mr. ROSS. I offer the following resolu-
tion ;
Resolved, That tho Committeoon Banking and Cur-
rency be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of withdrawing the national currency and winding
