1867,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8IS
leaves oe absence.
Mr. BR ANDEGEE asked and obtained leave
of absence for himself for one week.
Mr. LATHAM asked and obtained leave of
absence for himself for ten days.
enrolled bills signed.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE, from the Committee
on Enrolled Bills, reported that they had ex-
amined and found truly enrolled a bill and a
joint resolution of the following titles, when
the Speaker signed the same, namely :
An act (H. R. No. 486) for the relief of
Catherine Welsh; and a
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 160) for the
relief of William D. Nelson.
mail contractors in tennessee.
Mr. STOKES, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following preamble and resolution ;
which were read, considered, and agreed to:
Whereas there were a number of Union, men who
were employed as mail contractors in the State of
Tennessee before the 8th .Tune, 1861, when the ordi-
nance of separation from the Federal Government
was pretended to be adopted; and whereas said con-
tractors fulfilled all their engagements and complied
with the law up to the time of the State pretending
to sever her relations with the Federal Government,
and have not yet received their just compensation
for their services: Therefore,
Be it resolved, That the Postmaster General be,
and he is hereby, directed to report to this House the
amount necessary to be appropriated to pay said con-
tractors for said services, with the names of said con-
tractors annexed thereto.
Mr. STOKESmovedto reconsider the voteby
which the preamble and resolution were agreed
to ; and also moved that the motion to recon-
sider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
oatiis oe attorneys, etc.
Mr. CONKLING. The other morning when
the vote was taken finally on the bill in refer-
ence to oaths of attorneys in the Supreme
Court, &c., there were a number of gentlemen
who did not record their votes. They may be
properly designated as the members who had
the nerve to sit here all night, but the misfor-
tune not to be here when the vote was taken.
I move that they have leave to record their
voles.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. How many votes were
cast against the bill ?
The SPEAKER. Forty-two.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. It has been stated in the
papers to be twelve.
The SPEAKER. That is'a mistake.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly. The following members then re-
corded their votes in the affirmative: Messrs.
Spalding, Conklixg, Morris, Plants, Eck-
ley, and Upson.
grievances of texas.
Mr. BOUTWELL, by unanimous consent,
presented a memorial on behalf of the citizens
of western Texas, setting forth the grievances
of the loyal Union men of that State; the op-
pressions by the government established by
President J ohnson and by the disloyal majority
under his government, encouragement, and pro-
tection ; and praying that the loyal Union men
of western Texas may be protected by law, and
allowed to ereet a State government west of
the Brazos river ; which was ordered to be
printed, and referred to the Committee on Re-
construction.
reconstruction.
Mr. STEVENS. I call for the regular
order.
The SPEAKER. The first business in or-
der after the expiration of the morning hour
is the consideration of House bill N543, to
restore to the States lately in insurrection their
full political rights, upon which the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Jui.iax] is entitled to the
floor. The pending question is upon the mo-
tion of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bing-
ham,] to refer the bill and ponding amendments
to the joint Committee on Reconstruction.
Mr. JULIAN made some remarks, which will
be found in the Appendix. On concluding he
yielded the residue of his hour to Mr. Sco'field.
_Mr. SCOFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I sought to
obtain the floor on Saturday last to say a few
words in reply to the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Ross.] He claimed that inasmuch as
the Republican party had voted for the Crit-
tenden resolution in the early part of the war,
inasmuch as they had consented to the reten-
tion of members of Congress from those States
during the time for which they had been elected,
inasmuch as they enacted a law apportioning
the members of Congress among the several
States, including those States to which he re-
ferred, they were now estopped from denying
that the confederate States were States in this
Union.
A gentleman who had witnessed the great
fire in Pittsburg some years ago, by which a
large portion of that city was destroyed, was
entertaining me some time afterward with a
little incident of the calamity illustrating the
conduct of men under peculiar circumstances.
He said he noticed a builder as the flames were
flyingrapidly from block to block coolly standing
upon the pavement and watching their progress.
As they passed into a block in which my friend
was largely interested, the builder approached
him and said : "Will you rebuild this year?"
"No, sir," stud my friend, "I hope to save
my block with a little repair." But the flames
raged on and in a little while they were burst-
ing from the roof. The builder approached
him again and said, "Will you use the walls
in rebuilding?" "Certainly," said my friend,
" I intend to use the walls if I can possibly
save them." But soon the walls began to fall
one by one and those that did not fall by the
flames were demolished by the firemen. The
builder once more approached my friend and
said, "Will you rebuild on the old founda-
tions?" And the man gave an affirmative an-
swer. But when the conflagration had spent
its force and the owner of the property came
to remove the rubbish he discovered that the
foundations were much injured, and as they
were originally built partly on sand or loose
soil he determined to remove them and rebuild
on the solid rock with hard granite foundations.
Now, sir, if when he was preparing this work
the builder had again come to him and re-
proached him with duplicity because he had
said at one time he expected to save the build-
ing, at another Aat he intended to save the
wall, and at a subsequent time that he would
save the foundation, he would have stood
exactly in the position where my friend from
Illinois [Mr. Ross] stood in his speech last
Saturday. The parallel would be a little more
perfect if the builder had also, in the midst of
the fire, told the firemen that they had better
suspend their efforts as the city could not be
saved; and then when by redoubled efforts
after a little time the flames were subdued he
had reproached them with treating the mis-
guided conflagration with unnecessary cruelty.
Mr. Speaker, we had hoped to save these
States. It is not our fault that the fires of the
rebellion raged so fiercely and so long. Indeed
it was not our fault that the fires were lighted
at all. If anybody is at fault it is the gentle-
men who at that time represented the party to
which my friend from Illinois [Mr. Ross]
belongs in this and the other House in the
winter of 1860-61.
If the members of Congress of that party had
appealed to their southern brethren who were
leaving these Halls to embark in a rebellion,
if they had risen in their seats and said to them,
1' Gentlemen. you have been our political allies:
we have served you well; we added Texas to
this country in order to enlarge your power;
we took upon ourselves a war with Mexico as a
consequence; we have done all we cpuld to get
Cuba for you at the risk of a war with Spain ;
for your sake we repealed the Missouri com-
promise and gave you an opportunity to extend
your peculiar institutions over the unlimited
soil of the West; for your sake we passed a
law by which the whole North became a slave-
hunting-ground, and freemen turned out at your
bidding to capture your escaped bondmen and
return them to you free of cost; but we will
go no further; we will never consent that two
republics shall be carved out of the territory
lying between'the Atlantic-and the Mississippi,
the Gulf of Mexico and the northern lyces'With
only the blazes of the surveyor upon -the trees
to'mark the line between them; if you go' now
mark, we will jpin with the abolitionists and
free-soilers 6f the North, "andWe will light this
out on the field of battle if yon had said that
they tvcrald have remained. But instead of that
you said to them, that the election of Lincoln
was an insult to their pride, an assault upon
their institutions; that they had, if nota per-
fect justification in seceding, great provocation
therefor. You said to them that while you did
not advise them to secede yoti would see that
if they settle that question for themselves and
determined it in favor of secession there should
be no coercion on the part of the North. So
on the 4th of March, when Mr. Lincoln came
to take the oath of office, and the Republican
party for the first time became responsible for
theuse of power, we found the Republic divided;
seven'large States had withdrawn and formed
a separate republic, and seven more were pre-
-paring to follow, four of "which finally suc-
ceeded and joined the rebel confederacy; the
other three being retained by virtue of military-
power.
Now, sir, we all propose to reunite this
whole territory. There is only this difference
in the manner of doing it: you propose to take
the old foundation and the old. walls and to
have new State governments built upon those
foundations. We propose to remove the old
sandy foundations and build upon the solid
rock. That is the only difference. You pro-
pose to annex the United States to the con-
federacy and thus bring us together. We pro-
pose to annex the confederacy to the United
States. It has been said that Governor Sey-
mour was asked if he had any objection to the
confederate constitution then just formed at
Montgomery, and he replied, " It is better than
the Federal Constitution; why should we not
adopt it at once?" That is a sort of recon-
struction which the gentlemen opposed to us
are now pressing upon us.
But my friend from Illinois [Mr._ Ross]
further claimed the sanction of Mr. Lincoln's
great name for the policy which his party are
"pursuing. If this policy of yours is Mr. Lin-
coln's, more shame to-you that, while you were
pursuing it, you spoke so unkindly of him, for
you denounced him sometimes as a tyrant and
usurper, and sometimes as a buffoon and a
fool. The gentleman and his friends were
upon his track and were barking at his heels
from the hour when he was first nominated for
the Presidency at Chicago until his tragic
death ; and now they propose, not to sustain
his work, but to tear down the landmarks of
freedom set up by him. Look at the States
which Mr. Lincoln reconstructed! Here are
Tennessee and Louisiana and Arkansas in the
hands of Union men—every one of them ; but
the policy of reconstruction which succeeded
his has thrown the Union men out of power
and given the power to the rebels.
The States of Maryland, West Virginia, Ken-
tucky, and Missouri, although not confederate
States, were more or less reconstructed under
Mr. Lincoln's influence, and in every one of
those States rebels have been disfranchised
and the government of the State has been
placed in the hands of loyal men. And now
gentlemen who profess to be following in his
footsteps, by perfidy or by weakness, are turn-
ing these States back to the rebels. Kentucky
has already by law reenfranchised the confed-
erates in that State, and they are tryHg to
adopt the same policy in Missouri and in West
Virginia.
But the gentleman, after endeavoring to for-
tify his position by Republican precedent and
by claiming for it the sanction of Mr. Lincoln s
great name, informed us that there was no
danger to be apprehended; that the confederate
population is so very small in these States that
they can have no prospective influence when
brought back into the Federal Union. How
