50
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 10,
impossibleffor the State of California to be
represented in this House on the 4th of March
next, by holding an election on the 22d of Feb-
ruary. I do not think that in the time inter-
vening between the 22d of February and the
•Jill of March, which would be only ten days,
he returns of the election could be sent in to
Sacramento, the capital of California, so 'that
certificates could be issued to the members who
m;ght be elected. Again, sir, from twenty to
twenty-eight days would be required for the
member's to get from California to this city.
Therefore it is utterly futile to suppose that
imder the amendment proposed the State of
California could be represented here at the
beginning of the session commencing on the
4th of March next.
There must be an amendment to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Shel-
labargek,] that as eafiy as the fore part o'f
January there should be an election called, or
else it will be utterly impracticable, as I have
stated.
Mr. Speaker, if the gentleman from Ohio
wishes to occupy the floor I will make no
further remarks. We have a registry law in
our State passed by the Legislature commencing
on the first Monday in December, 1865; that
Legislature has adjourned, and the next regular
session would commence on the first Monday
in December, 18G7, in two years. That regis-
try law was passed to make preparation for
the election to be held on the second Tuesday
m September, 1867. There is no election in
the State during the year 1866.
My judgment is, if this amendment should
be made mandatory on that State as well as
upon others, we would find the State of Cali-
fornia with not one tenth of her voters prepared
to go to the polls and vote at this special elec-
tion. It would be disastrous. If it be put in
the alternative, to put it in the power of the
Executive, it would be well. I think, perhaps,
the amendment which my friend and colleague
holds in his hand will answer the purpose.
But, sir, I shall most cordially Vote for this
bill as reported without amendment, if we can-
not get it, leaving our State to take the risk of
having no representation at the first session.
I believe it is the duty of Congress to keep
together, or to have the power to get together
on the 4th of March, and we must suffer the
consequences'if we cannot be represented. I
think the disaster would be greater to force
legislation upon the State than to have no rep-
resentation.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Mr. Speaker, I
have since the adjournment of the House had
pretty full consultation on this subject, and
find that every possible method we have at-
tempted to devise meets with insuperable objec-
tions from some one or other. I think, therefore,
it would be best forme, with leave of the House,
to withdraw my proposition and leave the re-
sponsibility with the States which have not
elected. I withdraw my proposition.
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 move to amend by
striking out the second section, as follows:
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That section
seventeen of the act approved July 28,1866, entitled
" An act making appropriations for sundry civil ex-
penses of the Government for the year ending June
30,1867, and for other purposes," be so amended that
no Senator or Representative in Congress, who may
be a memberofan immediately succeeding Congress,
shall receive any allowance for mileage for traveling
to the place of meeting to attend the first session of
such succeeding Congress.
And in lieu thereof to insert the following, in
order to conform the section to the amendment
made in the first section:
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, Thatsection seven-
teen of the act approved July 28,1866, entitled "An
aet making appropriations for sundry civil expenses
of the Government for the year ending Juno 80,1867,
and for other purposes," be so amended that no Sen-
ator or Representative in Congress, who has been a
member of Congress next immediately preceding,
shall receive any allowance for mileage for traveling
to the place of meetingto attend suchadditkraalses-
sion provided for in the toregoingsection.
I understand it to ho the disposition of the
House to leave this matter of election to the
States, either to a special act which might meet
the contingency, or to the States themselves.
I suppose there is no other amendment neces-
sary to the bill, and therefore call for the pre-
vious question.
Mr. BID WELL. I ask leave to offer the
following amendment as an additional section:
That the regulations of the several States nefw rep-
resented in Congress which have not held elections
for Representatives to the Fortieth Congress, to as-
semble on the 4th of March, 1867, as provided in this
act, arehereby so changed and altered as to author-
ise and empower the Governors of such States to fix
a day, which day shall be prior to the said 4th of
March, 1887, for the election of suchRepresentatives,
and to make all necessary regulations for holding
such election within the respective congressional dis-
tricts, which regulations shall conform, except as to
time, as nearly as practicable to existing State regu-
lations, or such regulations as may be prescribed by
the State Legislature where the same may be in ses-
sion: Provided, That if in ease the Governor of any
State, or the Legislature thereof when in session,
shall deem it inexpedient to hold such election prior
to the 4th of March, 1867, as aforesaid, then this aet
shall not operate to invalidate the election, when held
in accordance with existing State laws.
Mr. SCHENCK. I withdraw my demand
for the previous question simply for the pur-
pose of explainingto my friend from California,
while I prefer no such amendment should be
offered to this bill, it seems to me we have now
before the House a proposition to which we
are all agreed, and we had better pass it and
make it the law of the land. That being done,
it strikes me the mode of settling this difficulty
of non-representation under the law of some
four or five of the States would be to let th6
members representing those different States
meet together and agree on some special act
which will provide for the case in each State,
or failing to do that, to let them agree if they
can to leave it to the existing laws of the State,
or failing to do that, to let the representation
of each State bring in suchbillas willbest apply
to the condition of things in that State. But I
prefer not to legislate in this bill upon that
subject, and particularly in this form, where it
would seem, in our exercise of power to fix the
time for election, we undertake to delegate to
the Governors of States the power to repeal the
acts of their Legislatures, and at the same time
to cover a great deal of ground about which we
necessarily know nothing. I prefer, therefore,
to leave it to the Representatives ofthose States,
and to aid them in getting through any specific
act tha^ will meet their views on the subject.
I renew the demand for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered; and under the
operation thereof the bill was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time.
Mr. ELDRIDGE demanded the yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill.
Tne yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I think there
is an omission in this bill which ought to be sup-
plied. The hour of the day for meeting, when
the 4th of March comes on Sunday, ought to
be fixed for the next succeeding day.
Mr. SCHENCK. I have no objection, if
the gentleman thinks it important, to having
the amendment made.
There being no objection, the hill was ac-
cordingly amended fixing the hour of meeting
on the 5th of March at twelve o' clock meridian,
when the 4th of March occurs on Sunday.
The question was taken on the passage of
the bill; and it was decided in the affirmative
—yeas 1-24, nays 29, not voting 38; as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Alloy, Allison, Amos, Anderson,
Arnelt, James M. Ashley, Baker, Baldwin, Banks,
Barker, Baxter, Beaman, Benjamin, Bid well, Bing-
ham, Blaine. Blow, Boutwell, Brandegee, Bromwell,
Broomall, Buekland, Bandy, Reader W. Clarke,
Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Conkling, Cook. Cullom, Dar-
ling. Dawes, Defrees, Delano JDeming, Dixon, Dodge,
Donnelly, Driggs, Eckley, jEggleston, Karnswnrth,
Farquhar, Ferry, Garfield, Grinnell, Griswold, Ilale,
A'bner C. Harding, I-Iart, Hawkins, Hayes, Hender-
son. Higby, Hill, Holmes, Hooper, Hotchkiss, John
II, Hubbard, James R. llubbell.Hulburd, Ingersoll,
Jenckes, Kasson, Kelley, Kelso, Ketcbnm, Koontz,
Kuykendull, Laflin, William Lawrence, Loan, Long-
year, Lynch. Marston, Marvin, Maynard, MeClurg,
Melndoe, McKee, MeKuer, Mereur, Miller. Moor-
head, Morrill, Morris, Moulton, Myers, O'Neill, Orth,
Paine, Patterson, Perham, Pike, Plants, Price,
William H. Randall, John H. Rioo, Rollins, Sawyer.
S«henek, Shellabarger, Sloan, Spaldiua:, gtevens,
Stokes, Thayer, I'rancia Thomas, John L. Thomas,
Trowbridge, Upson, Van Aernam, Burt .Van Horn,
Robert T. Van Horn, Hamilton Ward, Warner,
Elihu B. Washburne, William B. Washburn, Wel-
ker, Wentworth, Williams. James E1. Wilson, Stephen
P. Wilson, Windom, and Woodbridge—124.
NAYS—Messrs. Ancona,Boyer, Campbell, Cooper,
Dawson, Eldridge, Finck, Goodyear. Aaron Harding,
Hise, Edwin N. Hubbetl, Kerr, Latham, Le Blond,
Marshall, Niblack, Noell, Ritter, Rogers. Ross,
Rousseau, Shanklin, Sitgreaves, Taber, Nathaniel
G. Taylor, Nelson Taylor, Thornton, Trimble, and
Andrew H. Ward—29.
NOT VOTING!—Messrs. De'os R. Ashley, Bergen,
Chanler, Culver, Davis, Denison, Dnmont, Eliot,
Glossbrenner, Harris, Hogan, Asahel W. Hubbard,
Chester D. Hubbard, Demas Hubbard, Humphrey,
Hunter, Johnson, Jones, Julian, George V. Law-
rence, Leftwich, McCullough, Newell, Nicholson,
Phelps, Pomeroy, Radford. Samuel J. Randall, Ray-
mond, Alexander H. Rice, Scofield, Starr, Stilwell,
Strouse, Henry D.Washburn, Whaley, Winfield, and
Wright—38.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. SCHENCK. I rise to move to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed, and
to lav the motion to reconsider on the table ;
and 1 avail myself of the opportunity to make
a single remark. Some gentlemen apprehend
that by the bill as it now stands all construct-
ive mileage is not cut off. My intention was
to cut off constructive mileage entirely, so
that the members of a preceding Congress
who are reelected shall be paid nothing for
their transition from one Congress to another,
either going or coming. As there has been
doubt expressed about that, I will promise
gentlemen that I will attract the attention of
the chairman of the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, to whom this matter will probably go
in the Senate, to this particular point, so that
if there be any such construction capable of
being given it may be remedied by proper
amendment. But 1 do not think the bill will
bear that construction. I now move to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed,
and also to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
payment of pensions.
Mr. PERHAM, from the Committee on In-
valid Pensions, authorized to report at any
time, reported back with amendments Senate
bill No. 69, to provide for the payment of
pensions.
The bill was read. It provides that the
President of the United States shall be, and
he is hereby, authorized to establish agencies
for the payment of pensions granted by the
United States wherever, in his judgment, the
public interests and the convenience of the
pensioners require, and by and with the ad-
vice and consent of the Senate to appoint all
pension agents, who shall hold their offices for
the term of four years and until their success-
ors shall have been appointed and qualified,
and who shall give bond, with good and suf-
ficient sureties, for such amount and in such
form as the Secretary of the Interior may ap-
prove, provided that nothing herein contained
shall be so construed as to vacate any exist-
ing office prior to an appointment by the Presi-
dent as herein provided.
The committee reported the following amend-
ment:
Strike out the words: "Provided, That nothing
herein contained shall be so construed as to vacate
any existing office piior to en appointment by the
President as herein provided." And insert in lieu
thereof the following:
Provided, That the number of pension ageneies m
any State or Territory shall in no case be increased
hereafter so as to exceed three, and that bo such
ageney shall be established in addition to those now
existing in any State or Territory in whichthe whole
amount of pensions paid during the fiscal year next
preceding shall not have exceeded tho sum of $500,-
000: And provided further, That the President shall
within twenty days from and after the passage of this
aet nominate to the Senate persons for the several
ageneies in which pension agents liave been ap-
pointed since the 1st day of January, A. D. 1866, and
unless such nominations shall be confirmed by-and
with the advice and consent of the Senate their
office^ shall be vacant; and that all pension agents
appointed prior to said date last named, and now
acting, shall continue in their respective offices until
their successors shall be nominated and confirmed
in accordance with the provisions ofthis act.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Will the
gentleman from Maine allow me a moment?
