1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
815
arms early in the war resulted in the overthrow
of slavery and the freedom of fou# million
slaves loyal to the Government, so will the
rejection of the amendment by the people of
the South speedily eventuate in the enfran-
chisement of all those black men who but a
few years ago were declared by the Supreme
Court as having no rights which the white man
was bound to respect.
It would seem, Mr. Speaker, that the men
who have been struggling so hard to destroy
this country were and still are the instruments,
however wicked, by which we are driven to
give the black man justice, whether we will
or no.
By the unholy persistence of rebels slavery
was at last overthrown. Their contempt of the
constitutional amendment now before the coun-
try will place in the hands of every colored man
of the South the ballot.
Sir, in the creation of States republican in
form in the late rebellious States all loyal
American citizens born or naturalized on
American soil will be allowed to participate.
But we are told by the President and by his
admirers upofr this floor that we are disunion-
ists, because we say that these pretended State
governments are not entitled to representation
in Congress, and that before their people can
be heard here their State governments must
bo modeled by proper hands and as the Con-
stitution requires them to be.
We are denounced in wholesale terms be-
cause we believe that those States should rest
a little from the weariness of their struggle to
destroy the country before they assume the
weighty responsibility of legislating for it. We
are characterized as disunionists hanging upon
the verge of the Government, as traitors at
the other end of the line, by that man upon
whom the people of the country have set the
seal of condemnation, because we have not
been disposed to come here fresh from the
people and like hungry curs' do the bidding of
a man clothed in a little brief authority, not
by the people's votes, but by the Constitution
and as the result of the misfortunes of the
country. Because we do not hasten to admit
to representation the people who have buried
in patriots' graves three hundred thousand he-
roes who fell in defense of the flag, and hung
the nation in the somber garb of mourning and
piled upon the heads of the people the crush-
ing burdens of taxes, we are denounced by that
man who became Vice President drunk, Presi-
dent upon the dead body of the great martyr
for the cause of liberty, and whose swing around
the circle was only equaled in its claims to con-
tempt by liis previous and continued betrayal
of his party and the cause of the Union, the
the prior support of which had secured him the
support of the people for Vice President of the
United States.
But, sir, I care nothing for the man or his
conduct, except so far as they reflect credit or
disgrace upon the nation and have their influ-
ence for good or evil.
The President and his policy have both alike
been condemned, and to-day there are thou-
sands of the men who bared their breasts to
the bullets of the foe who are waiting impa-
tiently upon this Congress to remove that man
whom they believe to be, above all others, the
greatest obstacle in the way of a proper settle-
ment of our national difficulties.
He stands there as the Executive disregard-
ing the voice of the people who saved the coun-
try, and that, too, when a majority in the loyal
States of about four hundred thousand had
declared against his policy. He played his
hand and lost the game, and by all the ordi-
nary rules governing the actions of men he
should acquiesce in the result.
He does not do so, and as lie opposes the
ratification of the constitutional amendment,
vetoes bills sent to him by Congress, and
presses " my policy," the loyal people, black
and white, are driven out of the southern Slates,
their property burned and otherwise destroyed,
and in many instances the people are murdered
by guerrillas and wicked men, and Congress is
powerless so long as the laws are not enforced
by loyal men.
. The ten States must be reconstructed, the
loyal men without regard to race or color
must control, and if the rebels do not submit
voluntarily they must be taught submission ■
by the strong arm of power.
Sir, a few months of proper vigor in the
administration of this Government in the right
way will settle this whole question, and as it
should be.
The people of the South are like other peo-
ple in some characteristics at least; andwhen
this Government adopts some definite policy
and goes forward in its execution, the rebels
and all the people of the rebellious States will
acquiesce. Their conduct to-day is the legiti-
mate offspring of the treachery of Andrew John-
son to the cause of the Union, in my judgment.
The riots and violence of the people of the
South in great part are chargeable to Andrew
Johnson and his blind zeal for his policy. I
do not charge*him as desiring and craving the
results of his policy, as they developed in the
long catalogue of crimes which have been com-
mitted by rebels upon Union men in theSouth;
hut, sir, before God and the country, I believe
that if the President had listened to the voice
of the millions of loyal men who sustained the
country in its most fiery ordeal, and whose con-
fidence he enjoyed up to the 4th of March,
1865, and had cooperated as the Executive of
the nation with that great body of people in
the adoption of such measures as they deemed
wise, that to-day the southern people would be
represented upon this floor and peace and
prosperity would prevail all over the land.
But, Mr. Speaker, from what motive we
know not, he has taken a different course, and
it is for us to do what seems best with all the
lights and difficulties before us.
Whatever may be the particular shape of the
bill finally agreed upon for the reconstruction
of the southern States, I trust that one feature
may be incorporated in it, namely, a provision
giving thorough protection to loyal men ; and,
sir, when I say loyal men I mean all loyal
men of all grades, shades, and colors; and,
sir, in my judgment, there is 110 means of pro-
tecting loyal black men for years to come, in
the South except, by giving them the ballot.
I do not think it would be wise statesmanship
to disfranchise all the men who took up arms
or otherwise rebelled against the Government.
I think, sir, that the leaders of the rebellion
should be cut off from participation feither in
elections or the right to hold office ; but there
are too many of those who engaged in the re-
bellion who did it because they were carried
along by the force of popular excitement, and
not from a disposition to destroy the Union.
To disfranchise them all, I think, sir, would
not be wise. Render ineligible to Federal office
by the ratification of the constitutional amend-
ment the great mass of the leaders of the rebel-
lion; cut them off from participating in the
affairs of the country in anywise, State or na-
tional; enfranchise the loyal black men; pro-
tect the weak in their support of the country ;
place the State organizations in the hands of
loyal men, and, sir, the time will soon come
when these people will establish peace and
good order among themselves.
I shall not, Mr. Speaker, undertake to indi-
cate the minutios of a bill such as we should
pass, but, sir, I think this Congress is fully
capable to develop the whole subject and per-
fect such a bill as will be in accord with the
Constitution, with our past action upon this
subject, and as will secure protection to all
the people, and at the same time, when enforced,
organize State governments in those ten late
rebellious States republican in form, and en-
able the people of those States to come here
and claim the right of representation in the
national Legislature.
Mr. Speaker, there are many good men on
this side of the House who entertain fears lest
by the passage of a bill to organize these late
rebellious States into States republican in form
that we shall by so doing adopt the territorial
idea so obnoxious to many of our friends.
Sir, I do not favor the theory of dissolving
these States into Territories myself, but, sir,
they now have no legal governments ; they are
without representation; they placed themselves
in the position they occupy by their own per-
verse and wicked and causeless rebellion; they
destroyed the old State governments under
which they were entitled to representation;
they set up governments in the interests of
their rebellion; by the valor of the soldiers
of the Union, with Grant and Sherman and
Thomas and Sheridan at their head, these or-
ganizations were swept away and the people
were left without civil governments ; and now,
sir, it is our duty to organize them—get them
in harmony with the Constitution of the United
States. To protect the individual rights of
the people, to produce harmony and good order
and prosperity among them; and, sir, to accom-
plish these great results I shall labor, and shall
not stop long to quibble as to the precise man-
ner in which those objects are attained.
The blood of murdered Union men all over
the South calls upon us to act. Union soldiers
now in the jails of the South, awaiting trial by
rebel courts and juries on charges of murder
of citizens of the rebellious States while the
soldiers were in line of battle defending the
Government and the flag, call upon us to act.
The millions of brave men who went at their
country's call to give their lives as willing sac-'
rifices upon the altar for their country and lib-
erty, three hundred thousand of whom now
sleep in patriots' graves, call upon us to act
wisely and quickly upon this great important
subject.
Sir, the two hundred and sixty thousand gal-
lant sons of the Prairie State shall not have it
to say that they went to the field to save the
nation and the Union men of the South from
death at the hands of traitors, and after they
had done that in war that I, as one of the Rep-
resentatives of that glorious State, shirked my
duty in the Halls of the national Legislature,
and those Union men after the war are left to
be hunted down by the men with whom they
had been contending during the progress of the
war.
Then, sir, in conclusion, let us take hold of
this bill, and if it is in anywise imperfect let
us perfect it, having due consideration for the «
Constitution of the country, the rights of the
people, the future peace and prosperity of the
whole land. And let us go forward trusting
that, as the instruments of that great Ruler of
all men and nations, we may yet place this
Government upon the solid foundations of jus-
tice, where men may live in peace and pros-^
perity together.
Mr. STEVENS. Before I call the previous
question I desire to make some further modifi-
cations of my substitute. 1 modify .section
three of the substitute as printed by striking
out the following:
If by anv means no election should be held in
any ot' said'late States on the day heroin fixed, then
the election shall be hold on tko third Monday ot
Slay, 1867, in the manner herein prescribed.
In section six as printed I insert the word
"voluntarily" before the words " swore allegi-
ance to said Government. ''
Mr. ELIOT. I would suggest to my friend
from Pennsylvania to modify the fourth section
as printed, by striking out the words:
And no person shall be deprived of the right to
vote, or be otherwise disfranchised, by reason of con-
viction and punishment for an> eiime other than for
insurreotion or treason or misprision of treason,
I do not think we want to admit to vote
those who have been disfranchised by reason
of crimes heretofore committed^ such as mur-
der, robbery, &e.
Mr. STEVENS. My friend from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Eliot] doubtless did not hear the
explanation I gave on a former occasion tot
the necessity of the provision to which he re-
fers. Throughout all the South they are whip-
ping negroes under pretended convictions lor
