816
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
crime, so,as to render them, under their laws,
disqualified froip ever voting. It is to meet
such cases as those that this provision, was
inserted.
Mr. ELIOT. I am in favor of the object the
gentleman has in view; still I thinkit liable to
the objection I have indicated ; still I will not
press the amendment ! suggested.
Mr. STEVENS. I • also farther modify my
substitute by striking out the seventh section
as printed, as it has been somewhat objected
to. That section is as follows:
Sec. 1. And be it further enacted'. That no'constitu-
tion shall bo presented to or acted on by Congress
which denies to any citizen any right, privileges, or
immunities which are granted to any other citizen
in the State. All laws shall be impartial, without
regard to language, race, or formercondition If thn
provisions of this section should ever be altered,
repealed, expunged, or in any way abrogated this
act shall become void and said State lose its right'to
be represented in Congress.
Mr. ELIOT. Before the gentleman from
Pensylvania concludes, I would suggest to him
to further modify the third section of his sub-
stitute as printed, by inserting after the words
'"The Supreme Court of the District of Co-
lumbia shall appoint a commission for each of
said States, to consist of three persons" the
words "who shall have been at all times dur-
ing the rebellion loyal to the Government of
the United States," And also in the same
section, after the words " the officers shall
consist of one judge and two inspectors of
elections, and two clerks" to insert the words
" all of whom shall have been at all times dur-
ing the rebellion loyal to the Government of
the United States."
Mr. STEVENS. That is very proper, and
I modify the substitute accordingly.
I now desire to request the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Bingham] to withdraw his motion
to recommit, until after we have attempted to
amend this bill in the House under the five-
minute rule. After that shall have been done,
if it shall be found that we cannot perfect it
in such a manner as will satisfy the House,
then the gentleman can be understood as having
the right to renew his motion to recommit, and
we can vote upon the question of-reference
then.
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire the House to
decide, and I desire the opportunity to decide
for myself, whether we shall recede from the
principles of the pending constitutional amend-
ment to the extent to which this bill does as it
now stands. I do not, therefore, withdraw my
motion to recommit, for the grounds upon
which I made it at first still stand untouched.
Mr. BOOT WELL. The proposition of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens]
is one which, it seems to me, looks toward the
perfecting of this very important measure. If,
acting under the five-minute rule, we amend
this bill as well as we may be able, then, unless
we succeed better than perhaps may reasonably
bo cxpected in advance, it will be wise to sub-
mit the bill to a committee for scrutiny, that it
may be so perfected in form and phrase as to
express the judgment of the House as it may
be ascertained from the debate and from the
amendments that may be adopted.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bingham]
appears to suppose that our action on this bill
is likely to affect in some way the constitu-
tional amendment proposed by Congress at
the last session. I do not anticipate that,
whatever may be our disposition of this bill,
we shall_ commit ourselves for or against the
constitutional amendment. That amendment
has been submitted to the country, and I pre-
sume that those who took part in submitting
it are in favor of its ratification. But I, for
one, expect to do something more.
Mr. BLAINE. I desire to address an inquiry
to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Ste-
yevs.] We are differing here upon a point in
reference to which the country at large cannot
understand the ground of our difference. The
gentleman from Pennsylvania is on the part
of the House the head of the joint Committee
on Reconstruction, and he has a very able
body of associates, embracing, I may say, the
picked men of this Congress. That commit-
tee, comprising, if I maybe permitted to use a
partisan phrase, men ranked and recognized
as "radical," enjoys, as I understand, the
confidence of this House. Now, why it is that
members on the radical side of the House
should come to loggerheads on a question of
the reference of a bill to that committee I want
to understand. I am disposed to vote for the
reference of this bill to that committee be-
cause I have confidence in the committee.
Mr. STEVENS. I will only say I know
very well that the reference of the bill to that
committee is the death of the measure. The
gentleman from JMaine [Mr. Blaine] I sup-
pose does not know it.
Mr. BLAINE. I do not know it, and the
country does not know it. That is just what
I want to have explained.
Mr. SHELLaBARGER. Will the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania yield to me for a
moment?
Mr. STEVENS. Yes, sir. *
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I wish to make
a single remark before the vote is taken on the
motion to refer. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania is willing to acquiesce in cerffiin
amendments which a large proportion of the
members on this side of the House desire to
incorporate in his bill. He is willing th'at
the House shall be permitted to perfect the'bill.
There is one very important amendment which
I propose to offer, the substance of which I
will now state: it is to strike out the sixth sec-
tion and substitute for it a provision that those
persons who have been engaged in the rebel-
. lion shall not be permitted to hold office or to
vote for certain officers named until they shall
have been readmitted to the -rights of citizen-
ship, which they have forfeited.
1 do hope that my colleague [Mr. Bing-
ham] will yield to the suggestion of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania and permit this bill
to be perfected so far as possible in the House
before he presses his motion to refer; thus
we can fairly dispose of the matter when we
have ascertained the shape the bill may take
under the action of the House.
Mr. BINGHAM. I would very gladly yield
this point for the purpose of accommodating
my colleague; but I wish to remind him that
if this bill be recommitted any amendment
which he may offer to it will, under the rule of
the House, go directly to the committee with-
out debate; and I shall be very glad to have
the opportunity to consider in the committee
any suggestion which my colleague may make.
I desire to make one further remark. I do
not concur in the declaration of the venerable
gentleman from Pennsylvania, that the recom-
mitment of the bill to the committee is equiv-
alent to its death.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman will recol-
lect that I did not ask his concurrence. In all
this contest about reconstruction I do not
propose either to take his counsel, recognize
his authority, or believe a word he says.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania is not in order.
Mr. PIKE. Will the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania yield to me for a moment?
Mr. STEVENS. Yes, sir.
Mr. CIIANLER. I rise to a point of or-
der. When the gentleman from Pennsylvania
is called to order by the Chair he should take
his seat.
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Ciianler] be kind enough to
inform the Chair on what rule he bases his
point of order?
Mr. CHANLER. The general ruling of the
Chair, who has generally called on gentlemen
on this side to take their seats when they have
been called to order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has not^ done
so when called to order by the Chair for irrele-
vancy or for personal remarks. The gentle-
man's recollection is at fault. The rule states
that when a member has been ruled out of
order, " he shall not be permitted to proceed,
in case any member object, without leave of the
House." When objection is made the ques-
tion is put to the House whether the member
shall be permitted to proceed in order. That
is the rule.
Mr. CHANLER. I respectfully submit to
the Chair that the remarks used by the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] for
which he was called to order by the Chair,
were not heard on this side of the House. My
object is simply to draw the attention of the
House to the fact that the gentleman from
Pennsylvania had been called to order by the
Chair. I expected the words used would be
reported for the benefit of the House, so we
might know whether he should be allowed to
proceed or not. That was my object. I do
not propose to correct the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has repeatedly
stated that when ho calls a gentleman to order
his power is exhausted. It then remains with
any member of the House to object to his pro-
ceeding. No gentleman has objected, and it is
now too late.
Mr. CHANLER. I rose as soon as possi-
ble.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman rose to
inform the Chair of his duties, in reference to
which the Chair differs from the gentleman.
Mr. CHANLER. The Chair is mistaken.
I rose to ascertain the language made use of
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, to learn
what the disorderly words were. I ask now
what the disorderly words were ?
The SPEAKER. It is too late.
Mr. PIKE. If I understand the_ position
of the bill now before the House, it is on the
motion to recommit to the Committee on Re-
construction.
The SPEAKER. That is the pending mo-
tion.
Mr. PIKE. I hope that will not prevail,
for if it .prevails it will keep off all motions to
amend. If it does not prevail, I have an
amendment which is of some consequence to
the bill, and I will state what it is. It is to
amend the first section, instead of applying this
to the ten States lately in rebellion, to apply it
simply to the State of North Carolina. If
that amendment prevails then I shall move to
modify the other sections so as to make them
consistent. I hope the motion to recommit
will not prevail.
Mr. BINGHAM. The committee can report
back at any time.
Mr. PIKE. We understand if this is recom-
mitted to the Reconstruction Committee it is
dead.
Mr. BINGHAM. I protest against that
understanding.
Mr. PIKE. The question is whether any
life shall remain in the bill.
Mr. STEVENS. It ought not to have
occupied this much time, for I hardly expected
the gentleman from Ohio to agree to my prop-
osition. If I call the previous question will
it exhaust itself on that motion?
The SPEAKER. It -will not, but will con-
tinue in force until the third reading of the
bill.
Mr. STEVENS. After that rote is taken
can I move to reconsider the vote by which
the previous question was ordered?
The SPEAKER. The rule states that the
previous question cannot be reconsidered when
partially executed. There are two ways in
which the gentleman can reach his object, by
taking the vote on the motion to recommit
without the previous question, or by moving
to suspend the rules so that the previous
question shall be confined to that motion to
refer.
Mr. CHANLER. I rise to a point of order.
On page 130 of Barclay's Digest it stands
written:
"If any member, in speaking or otherwise, trans-
gress the rules of the House, the Speaker shall, or
any member may, call to order; in which case the
member so called to order shall immediately sit
down, unless permitted to explain ; and the House
