1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
817
shall, if appealed to, decide on the ease, but without
debate: if there be no appeal, the decision of the
Chair snail bo submitted to,"
~ Mr. BOUTWELL. I call the gentleman to
order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has only
read half of the rule, and the Chair will read
the other half:
" If tfie decision be in favor of the member called
to order, he shall be at liberty to proceed; if other-
c, he shall not be permitted to proceed, in case
any member object, without leave of the House; and
if the case require it he shall be liable to the censure
of the IXouse."
The construction of the rule has uniformly
been that the member called to order must
suspend his remarks, taking his seat until the
point is decided. If the decision be adverse
he is not allowed to proceed, if objection be
made, without consent of the House. But the
converse of this is also true, that if no mem-
ber objects to his proceeding, he is not re-
quired to suspend his remarks.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask unanimous consent
that the previous question shall only apply to
the motion to recommit.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I object.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to suspend the
rules for that purpose.
The motion was.agreed to.
The bill and substitute were reported.
Mr. NIBLACK. Has this bill been consid-
ered in the Committee of the Whole on. the
state of the Union?
The SPEAKER. If made in time the ob-
jection would be a good one, but it now comes
too late.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I desire to sub-
mit an amendment.
Mr. STEVENS. I accept it as a substitute
for my sixth section.
Mr. HILL. I rise to a point of order, that
the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Shellabahger] necessarily goes to the
joint Committee on Reconstruction.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has ruled on
that question several times. This bill was re-
ported from the Committee on Reconstruction
on the 30th of April last; and having once
been before that committee by the order of
the House, it does not necessarily require,
under the rules, to be referred to that com-
mittee again, but it can again be sent to it, with
afty amendments, by a vote of a majority of the
House.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I wish to inquire
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania whether
the second section is retained.
Mr. STEVENS. That was stricken out im-
mediately after the objection made by the gen-
tleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Paine] the other
day.
The amendment of Mr. Shellabarger, ac-
cepted by Mr. Steyexs, was reported as follows:
Strike out all after the enacting clause of section
six of the substitute as originally reported, as follows:
That all persons who ou the 4th day of March, 1S61,
were of full age, and who At any time held office,
either civil or military, under the government called
the "confederateijtatesof America," or who volun-
tarily swore allegiance to said government, arehereby
declared to have forfeited their citizenship and to
have renounced allegiance to the United States, and
shall not be entitled to exercise the elective fran-
chise or hold -office until five years after they shall
have filed their intention or desire to be reinvested
with the right of citizenship, and shall swear alle-
giance to the United States and renouneo allegiance
to all other governments orpretended governments;
the said application to be filed andoath taken in the
same courts that by law are authorized to naturalize
foreigners-: Provided, however, That on taking the
following oath, the party being otherwise qualified
shall be allowed to vote and hold office:
" I, A B, do solemnly swear, on the Holy Evangel-
ists of Almighty Ood, that on the 4th day of Mareh.
1864, and at alt times thereafter, I would willingly
have complied with the requirements of the procla-
mation of the President of the United States, issued
on the 8th day of December, 1863. had a safe oppor-
tunity of so doing been allowed me; that on the said
4th of Mareh, 1864, and at all times thereafter, I was
opposed to the continuance of the rebellion and to
the establishment of tl>e so-called confederate gov-
ernment, and voluntarily gave no aid or encourage-
ment thereto,but earnestly desired the success of the
Union and the suppression of all armed resistance to
the Government of theUnited States; and that Iwill
henceforth faithfully support the Constitution of the
United States, and the Union of the States there-
under."
IVJTTT rV>nti. ?.i> — ATo .12.
And insert in lieu thereof the following:
That every person, being at the time a citizen of
the United States, who has voluntarily engaged in
any insurrection or rebellion against the United
States, or the authority or laws thereof, or who has
voluntarily given any encouragement, aid, or com-
fort to such insurrection or rebellion, is hereby de-
clared to have surrendered and forfeited the rights,
privileges, and immunities which appertain to'such
citizenship, in so far as such Governmentmay choose
to affirm and accept such forfeiture; and such forfeit-
ure is hereby declared in so far that all buck persons
are hereby declared to be, and are deprived, cxcept
as hereinafter provided, of the right to hold any
office which, under the Constitution of the United
States, cannotbe assumed without first taking an oath
to support such Constitution: and also of the right to
be appointed an elector for President or Vice Presi-
dent of the United States: and also of the right to
vote at any election in any State, District, or Territory
of the United States, for either of the officersor electors
aforesaid; or for any member ©f any convention which
may be convened for forming, altering, or amending
aconst.tution for any State, District, or Territory of
theUnited States; orforany territorial or provisional
officer of any such State, District, or Territory.
Sec. —. That any person named in the preceding
section of this act who never gave aid, encourage-
ment, or means in support of such rebellion in any
other manner whatever than by being engaged as a
soldier in the armies thereof, and that only in open
and civilized warfare, in a position below the rank
of second lieutenant, may be discharged from the
forfeitures hereinbefore declared by the order of any
court of record of the United States, upon establish-
ing to the satisfaction of such court, by the evidence
of persons who have always borne true allegiance to
the United States, such facts as shall satisfy the tri-
bunal having the matter to decide that such person
is one entitled to the benefit of a nd coming within the
provisions of this section, and is one who can truly
take the oath prescribed by this section; and such
person, before being so discharged, shall moreover
take, and upon therecords ot the courtsubscribe, the
following oath, namely:
'* I, A IB, do solemnly swear (or affirm) that upon
and at all times after the 4th day of March, A. D.
1864,1 voluntarily gave no aid or encouragement to
the late rebellion against theUnited States, but earn-
estly desired the success of the Union and the over-
throw of all armed resistance to the Government
thereof, and that, during all that time, I would have
complied -with the requirements of the proclamation
of the President of the United States of the 8th of
December, A. D. 1863, could I have done so without
imminent danger; and more, that I will hereafter
faithfully support the Constitution of the United
States and the Union of the States."
Sec. —. That all persons coming within the for-
feitures declared by the first section of this act, ex-
cept those named in the second and fourth sections
thereof, may be discharged from the disabilities
declared by this act by an order of any court of record
of the United States at anytime after live years from
the making, by such person, and upon the records
of such court subscribing, an oath or affirmation to
the effect that such person intends to apply for read-
mission to all the rights and privileges of American
citizenship, and that he will at all times support and
defend the Constitution of the United States and
the Union of the States thereunder. Ai^d, at the
time of such readmission. such person shall prove, in
the manner proscribed in the second section of this
act. that ever since the 19th day of April, A. D. 1865,
he has behaved asarcian attached to the prin<?ipies
of the Constitution of the United States and to the
perpetual union of the States thereunder, and that
he is one entitled to the benefits of the provisions of
this section. And such person shall moreover take,
and upon such records susbcribe, an oath or affirma-
tion declaring that to be true which by this section is
required to be proved, and that he will thereafter
faithfully support the Constitution of the United
States and the perpetual union of the State3 there-
under.
Skc. —. That the following persons shall not be en-
titled to the benefits of the provisions of the second
or the third sections of this act, namely:
1. Persons who. either as United States or State
officers, civil or military, have at any time taken an
oath of office to support the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, and who afterward voluntarily engaged
in or m any way gave aid or encouragement to the
rebellion against the United States.
2. Persons who were educated at the Military or
Naval Academy of the United States, and who after-
ward aided the rebellion as aforesaid.
3. Persons who were either executive or legislative
officers or members of the so-called ''confederate
States of America/'or who were foreign ministers,
embassadors., or agents thereof.
4. Personswho, during and in aid of the late rebel-
lion, engaged in any guerrilla, predatory, or secret
warfare or other services hostile to the UnitedjStates,
and which is prohibited by the usages of civilized
warfare: or who were guilty of, or in whole or part
responsible for, any cruelties practiced against tho
prisoners of war of the United States which are pro-
hibited by such usages of war.
5. Persons who were the authors, publishers, or
editors of any book, pamphlet, periodical, or news-
paper which advocated and encouraged thewagmgoi
the late war of rebellion against the United States.
Sec.—. That whenever any person s right to hold
office or to vote under the provisions of this act snail
be challenged or called in question, and it shall be
made to appear to the officers of election or others
having the matter to dccide, either by the oatli ot
the person challenged or by other evidence, that the
person challenged in fact did any act the voluntary
doing of which works the forfeitures declared bv this
act, then, in all such, cases, such act shall,pritna facie,
be deemed to have been done voluntarilyand* it
shall devolve upon the person challenged to prove, to
the satisfaction of the tribunal having the matter to
decide, and by the evidence of persons who have
always borne true allegiance to the United States,
such facts as shall satisfy such tribunal that such
acts of disloyalty were involuntary.
Sec. —. That this act shall not be hold to affect or
modify the provisions of the first section of the act of
July 2, A. I).1862, prescribing an oath of office to bo
taken by all officers of the United States.
Mr. STEVENS. I call the previous question.
Mr. SPALDING. I move that the House
adjourn.
The motion was disagreed to.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. BINGHAM. I demand the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. STEVENS. Several gentlemen suggest
that we ought to have the bill printed: there-
fore I move that the House adjourn.
Several Members. Oh; no.
The motion to adjourn was disagreed to.
The question was taken on referring the bill,
as modified, to the joint Committee on Recon-
struction ; and it was decided in the affirma-
tive—yeas 88, noes 65, not voting 38; as fol-
lows :
YEAS—Messrs. Ancona, Delos R. Ashley, Baker,
Banks, Bingham, Blaine, Boyer, Buckland, Bundy,
Campbell,ChanlerXonkling, Cooper, Darling, Dawes,
Dawson, Defrees, l)elano, Deming, Denison, Dodge,
Eggleston, Eldridge, Farnsworth, Farquhar, Ferry,
Finck, Garfield,Griswold, Hale, Aaron Harding, Har-
ris, Hawkins, Hill, Hisc, Hogan, Hooper, Chester D.
Hubbard, Edwin N. Hubbell, Humphrey, Ingersoll,
Jenckes, Ketcham, Kuykendall, Lallin, George V.
Lawrence, Le Blond, Leftwich, Marshall, Marvin,
McKee, McRuer, Moorhead, Moulton, Niblack,
Nicholson, Noell, Patterson, Plants, Pomeroy, Sam-
uel J. Randall, William H. Randall, Raymond, Alex-
ander H. Rice, John H. Rice, Bitter, Rogers, Ross,
Schenck, Shanklin, Sitgreaves, Spalding, Strouse,
Taber, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Nelson Taylor, Thorn-
ton, Trimble, Burt Van Horn, Andrew H.Ward, War-
ner, Henry D. Washburn, William B. Wash burn, Wei-
ker. Whaley, Winfieid, Woodbridge, and Wright—88.
NAYS—Messrs. Alhson, Anderson, James M. Ash-
ley,Baldwin, Barker, Baxter. Beaman, Bid well, Bout-
well, Broomall, Reader W. Clarke, Cobb, Cook, Cul-
lom, Donnelly, Driggs, Eckley, Eliot, Grinncli, Abner
0. Harding, Hart, Hayes, Higby, Holmes, Hotchkiss,
Demas Hubbard, John II. Hubbard, Julian, Kasson,
Kelley, Koontz, Loan, Longyear, Lynch, Marston,
McClurg, Mercur, Morrill, Myers, Newell, O'Neill,
Oith, Paine, Perham, Pike, Price, Rollins, Sawyer,
Seofield, Shellabarger, Sloan, Starr, Stevens, Stokes,
Erancis Thomas, John L. Thomas, Trowbridge, Up-
son, Van Aernam, Robert T. Van Horn, Hamilton
Ward,W entworth, James F.Wilson, Stephen F. Wil-
son, and Windom—65.
NOT VOTING—Messrs.AWey, Ames, Asnell, Benja-
min, Bergen, Blow, Rpaudegee, BwMa-well, Sidney
Ciarke, Culver, Davis, Dixon, D-amont, Glossbrenner,
Goodyear, He^erson, Asahel W. Hubbard, James R.
Hubbell, Hulburd, Hunter, Johnson, Jones, Kelso,
Kerr, Latham, William Lawrence, Maynard, MeCal-
lough, Mclndoe, Miller, Morris, Phelps, Radford,
Rousseau, Stilwell, Thayer, Ehhu B. Washburne,
and W444iams—38.
So the bill was referred to the joint Com-
mittee on Reconstruction.
Mr. BINGHAM moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was referred; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
civil service.
Mr. JENCKES. Mr. Speaker, I am in-
structed by the joint Committee on Retrench-
ment to ask leave to make a report. I will
state that if the leave is granted I will report a
bill and then yield for a motion to adjourn, in
order that it may come _ up in the morning.
The bill I desire to report is House bill No. 889.
Mr. FINCK. I object.
Mr. JENCKES. I move a suspension of the
rules to enable me to report the bill.
report on public works.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of War, in compliance with the
act of June 23, 18GG, transmitting a report of
the Chief Engineer respecting certain public
works : which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
enrolled bills signed.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that the committee had exam-
