1600.
the Committee on Expenditures in the Treasury t)e-
partment.
Resolved, That so much of said message-and accota-
panying documents as relates to esnonaiture's.incon-,
nection with the "War Department bd rot'urrtfd to the
Committee on fependituresin.thoWs£rI>epartmcnt.
Resolved, That so much of said-t^essaise and accom-
panying documents as relates to expendvtures in con-,
neotion with the Navy Department be referred to the
Committee on Expenditures in (he 'Navy Depart-
meat. , *
Revolved, That so much of said .message and acco m-
panying documents as relates to " tlife expenditures in
connection with the.Post,^ffice^Departmontbe.re-
ferred to the Committee oa-EipSnditurosin the Post
Officc Department. .
Resolved, That so much of said message and accom-
panying documents asr,elates to the militia be referred
to the Committee on the Militia.
-Resolved, That so."much of saidmessage and accom-
panying documents as relates to the Pacific railroad
be referred to the Committee on the^Pacifie Railroad.
Resolved, That so much of. said message and accom-
panying documents as relate# to roads and canals be
referred to the Committee pri Roads and Canals.
"Resolved, That so mueh of said messtee and accom-
panying documents as relates to tUe District of Co- '
lumbi.-vKe referred to the Committee for the District
of Columbia.
Resolved, That so-mueh-of theJPresident's message
and accompanying documents,^ relates to th<S subj ect
of reconstruction oe referred to the joint committee
on reconstruction.
Resolved, Thatso much of saidmessage and accom-
panying documents as relates to the subject of freed-
men and ff-eedmen's affairs be referred to the Com-
mittee on Freedmen's Affairs.
Resolved, That so much of said message and accom-
panying documents as relates to the subject of the
Atlantic telegraph be referred to the Committee on
the-Post Office and Post.lloads.
Resolved, That so much of said message and accom-
panying documents as relates to the subject sf levees
be referred to the Committee on Appropriations.
Resolved, That so much of said message and accom-
panying documents as relates to the coinage and
weights and measures of the United States, be re-
ferred to the Committed on' Coinage, Weights, and
Measures.
Mr. STEVENS. I yield to the' gentleman
from Maine, [Mr. Blaii^J who desires to say
a few words on the, subject.
Mr. BLAINE. Mr. Chairman, the popular
elections of 1866 have decided that the lately
rebellious States shall not be readmitted to the
privilege of representation in Congress on any
less stringent condition than the adoption of
the pending constitutional amendment; but
those elections have not determined that the
privilege of representation shall be given to
those States as an immediate consequence of
adopting the amendment. In that respect the
decision of the loyal people has been rather
negative than affirmative; expressive of the
least that would be accepted rather than
indicative of the most that might be demanded.,
Had the southern States, after the adjourn-
ment of Congress, accepted the amendment
promptly and in good faith, as a definitive basis
of adjustment, the loyal* States would have
indorsed it as such, and the second session of
the Thirty-Ninth Congress would have been
largely engaged in perfecting the details for
the full and*complete representation of all the
States on the new basis of apportionment.
The southern States, however, have not ac-
cepted the amendment as a basis of adjustment,
but have on the other hand vehemently opposed
it; every one of them that has thus far acted on
the question, with the exception of Tennessee,
having defiantly rejected it. This absolute and
obdurate refusal on the part of those States to
accept the amendment as the condition of
their regaining the privilege of representation
certainly relieves Congress from whatever prom-
ise or obligation may have been originally
implied in regard to admitting them to repre-
sentation in consequence of adopting the
amendment, ^rhis promise, or implication, or
whatever you choose to term it, was, by uni-
versal understanding, conditioned on the south-
ern States accepting the amendment in good
faitjk as was significantly illustrated in the case
of Tennessee. ^Having refused so to accept it,
the promise, if ever made, is assuredly no longer
binding on the Congress of the United States^
But even if the constitutional amendment^
should be definitely aceepted, South as well as
North, as the condition on which the rebel
States should regain the privilege of congres-
sional representation, the actual enjoyment of
that privilege would of necessity be postponed
ootil the terms of the amendment Could be
compiled with; and .that would involve a. some-
what, uncertain period of time. For I take it
for granted, .as I did when I voted fot the con-
stitutional amendment, a'nd as I presume every
other gentleman on this floor did, that'we were
not to be guilty of the supreme folly Of de-
claring that the basis of representation was-so
unfair as to require correction by constitutional
amendment, and then forthwith admit the
southern States to the House with their undue
and inequitable* share' of Representatives. If
the constitutional amendment is to effect a
correction in the basis of representation, it
should effect it at once. If the southern States
are to be deprived of their undue share of repre-
not
be admitted, even temporarily, with the old
apportionment, by which thw would continue
to exercise in the House of Representatives
and in the Electoral Colleges the same weight
of influence enjoyed by them before the rebel-
lion.
The population of the States recently slave-
holding was by the census of 1860 only 12,240, -
000, ofwhom"8,039,000 were whites and 4,201,-
000 negroes. The population of the free Sta tes
by the same census was 19,201,546, of whom
only 237,000 were negroes. It would hardly
be maintained by any one that the late slave-
holding States, taken as a whole, have done,any
thing more than hold good their population of
1.860, whilein the free-States, despite the losses
of the war, the ratio of increase has never been
more rapid than since that year. It. is speak-
ing with aH moderation to say that the popula-
tion of the free Sfates'is to-day 25,000,000.
Supposing the^ constitutional amendment to
be adopted, therefore, as the basis of readmit-
ting the southern States to the privilege of rep-
resentation, it would be a cruel mockery of the
whole aim and intent of that amendment to
usher those States upon this floor with the full
number of Representatives assigned them by
the census of 1860, when three fifths of their
slaves and all their disfranchised free people
of color were allowed them in fixing the basis
of apportionment. Were they so admitted to-
day, the aggregate number of Representatives
from the late slave States would be eighty-five,
and from the free States one hundred and fifty-
six—makinga House oftwo hundred and forty-
one in all. And yet if those two hundred and
forty-one members were divided between the
free and slave States on the basis of the repre-
sentative population as directed by the con-
stitutional amendment, the slave States would
have but fifty-eight members, while the free
States would have one hundred and eighty-
three.
A corresponding change would be wrought in
the Electoral Colleges. Were the Government
to permit an election for President and Vice
President in 1868 on the basis assigned by the
census of 1860, the late slave States would have
115 electoral votes, while the free States would
have 198. But on the actual basis contemplated
by the constitutional amendment the late slave
States would have but 88, while the free States
would have 225. On the old basis the free
States would thus have a majority of 83, while
on the basis of the constitutional amendment
they would have a majority of 127; a net differ-
ence of 44 electoral votes in favor of the free
States.
In view of these results, which are the plain-
est arithmetical deductions, it could not be
expected that the free States, even if they were
to adhere to the constitutional amendment as
the ultimatum of adjustment, would consent to
have the lately rebellious States admitted to
representation here and to a participation in
the Electoral Colleges until the relative and
proper strength of the several States should be
adjusted anew by a special census and by an
apportionment made in pursuance thereof. It
was in this belief and with these views that at
the last session of Congress I framed a bill
providing for a special enumeration of the
inhabitants of the United States, which bill
was on my motion referred to the reconstruc-
tion committee, and has never been reported
upon either favorably or adversely.
What then shall be done? The people, go
far as I represent them, have plainly spoken
in the late elections, and the -interpretation of
their voice is not difficult. They have pro- ■
nouneed with unmistakable emphasis i'n favor
of the constitutional amendment with'thesa-
Eeraddedandmdispensableprereqtusiteofmta-
ood suffrage. The constitutional amendment
with its definition of American citizenship,
with its guarantee of the national obligations,
and with, its prohibition of the assumption of
the rebel debt, is an in valuable addition to our
organic law.• We cannot surrender its provis-
ions, and the rebel States cannot by their ut-
most resistance defeat its adoption. K. is too
late to deny or even to argue the right or pOwor
of the Government to impose on those States
conditions-precedent to"their resnmpiibn of.the
privilege of representation. The President
set the example by exacting three highly ini*'.
portant concessions from those' States as his
basis of reconstruction. Cojtgress followed
by imposing four other conditions as t'fe-basis,
of reconstruction, if .you please, and now the
people have spoken demanding one additional
condition as their basis of reconstruction,-and
that condition is the absolute equality of Amer-
ican Citizens in civil and political rights with-
out regard to caste, color, or creed.
The objection in the popular mind of the
loyal States to the constitutional amendment;
as a basis of final adjustment is n,ot directed*
to what that amendment will effect, but to
what it will not effect. And'among the ob-
jects of prime importance which it will not
effect is the absolute protection of the two
classes in the South to whom Government
owes the most, namely, the loyal white men and
the loyal black men. The amendment, if made
the basis of final adjustment without further
condition, leaves the rebel element of the
South in possession of the local governments,,
free to persecute the Union men of all com-
plexions in numberless ways, and to deprive
them of all participation in civil affairs, pro-
vided they will submit to a curtailed represen-
tation in Congress as the penalty. The danger is
that they would accept the comparatively small
infliction on themselves in order to sfecure the
power of visiting the loyalists with a full meas-
ure of vengeance; just as certain religious de-
nominations in England at various times under
the reign-of the Stuarts favored measures "of
proscription which bore with som'e hardship on
themselves, because they were enabled thereby
to punish some rival and hated sectaries with
still more severity and cruelty.
Among the most solemn duties of a sovereign
Government is the protection of those citizens
who, under great temptations and amid great
perils, maintain their faith and their loyalty.
The obligation on the Federal Government to
protect the loyalists of the South is supreme,
and they must take all needful means to assure
that protection. Among the most needful is
the gift of free suffrage, and that must be
guarantied. There is no protection yon can
extend to a man so effective and conclusive as
the power to protect himself. And in assuring
protection to the loyal citizen you assure per-
manency to the Government; so that the be-
stowal of suffrage is not merely the discharge
of a personal obligation toward those who are
enfranchised, but it is the most far-sighted pro-
vision against social disorder, the surest guar-
anty for peace, prosperity, and public justice.
Mr. WENTW OR'fH. Unless some other
person wants to go on to-day, I would like to
move that the committee rise so as to retain
the floor.
Mr. STEVENS. First let the resolutions be
passed. That will still leave the message open
to discussion, and will not deprive the gentle-
man of the floor.
The question being taken on resolutions, they
were adopted.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I now move that the
committee rise.
The motion was acyeed to.
