818
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
ined and found truly enrolled bills of the fol-
lowing titles, when the Speaker signed the
same, namely:
An act (8. No. 16) for the relief of Josiah
0. Armes;
An act (S. No. 253) to incorporate the First
Congregational Society of Washington ;
An act (S. No. 380) to incorporate the
Washington County Horse Railroad Company,
in the District of Columbia;
An act (S. No. 410) for the relief of Sol-
omon Pi Smith;
An act (S. No. 446) for the relief of George
W. Fish;
An act (S. No. 454) for the relief of Matilda
Harmon, of the county of Greene, and State
of Tennessee, widow of Jacob Harmon ;
An act(S. No. 455) for the relief of Barbara
Frye, widow of Henry Frye;
An act (S. No. 476) for the relief of William
A. Hinshaw and Jacob W. Hinshaw, minor
children of Jacob M. Hinshaw, deceased; and
An act (S. No. 511) for the relief of Mrs.
Mary B. Finney, widow of First Lieutenant
Solon H. Finney, late o'f the sixth regiment
Michigan cavalry.
Mr. FINCK. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The question was put; and there were—ayes
62, noes 24.
So the motion was agreed to; and thereupon
(at five o'clock and ten minutes p. m.) the
House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented under
the rule, and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. BIDWELL: The remonstrance of Colonel
J. I). Stevenson, of California, against the abolition
of the position of sutler in the Army.
By Mr. BROOM ALL: The petition of citizens of
Delaware county, Pennsylvania, praying Congress to
abolish thefive percent, tax on manufactured goods,
to relieve the same from other oppressive burdens,
and to increase the duties on certain imports.
Also, the petition of citizens of the United States
residing in the late State of Georgia, praying for the
impeachment of the President of.the United States.
By Mr. BtjCKLANI): The petition of Nathaniel
Belly, and-1 others, soldiers of the war of 1812, asking
lor pensions.
Also, a petition from citizens of Ottawa county,
Cbiq, for an appropriation for the improvement of
the harbor of Port Clinton.
Also, a petition from Mrs. Merinda Stage, for relief.
Also, a petition from Mrs. Mary A. Cross, forrelief.
By Mr. BOND Y: Ihemomoiialof A. P. Story, O. L.
Armstrong, and 33 others, tanners and manufacturers
oi leather m the county of Ross, and State of Ohio,
asking the reduction ot the Federal tax on leathor
from five to two per cent.
i By Mr. DRIGGS: The petition of Rev. Jonathan
.Latham, and 280 others, citizens of Jackson county,
Alabama, praying Congress to impeach Andrew John-
son, acting'President of the United States.
By Mr. liLIOl: The memorial of J. J. Saville, of
Louisiana, agent for locating homesteads, &c., con-
cerning an amendment of tho aot of June 21,1866.
t • u ^ The petition of Bernard Quinn,
Isaiah C. Colby, and others, soldiers of the Union
•Army, residing m Cincinnati, Ohio, who have lost
their certificates of honorable discharge, for such
legislation as will enable them to obtain the bounty
to which thoy are entitled.
By Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts: Tho petition
i ^ Atkinson, for tho admission of foreign
coal free of duty.
Also, the petition of John II. Reed, and others,
manufacturers of iron, for the admission of bitumin-
ous coal free of duty.
Also, the petition of tho Boston Gas Light Com-
pany, tor tho same.
By Mr. LAFLIN: The remonstrance of R. M.
ksseltyn, and others, of Jefferson county, New York,
against the passage of the act authorizing the issuing
° t> *1 cft°J^stry t0 Canadian-built vessels.
.By Mr. MoKLE: The petition of Lieutenant John
liawluns, of Prestonsburg, Kentucky, for payment
infantry U nan^ thirty-ninth Kentucky mounted
anc* memorial of
" V^v f ♦ v, ' Philadelphia, asking an appro-
pihition of the sum ot $2,903 07, with interest tho
amount awarded to her father, iohn Mullowny, by
the United States district court of New York on
June 2o, 1 j93, as damages for loss of cargo of the brisr
efulcanU0' t'apturod by the French frigate 1/Ambus?
By Mr. PAINE: A petition of the fire insurance
companies of the city of Milwaukee, for relief from
the tax imposed by the seventy-seventh section of
tho internal revenue Jaw.
By Mr. PRICE: A petition of 41 citizens of Iowa
asking that the acting President of the United States
may be impeached.
By Mr. SAWYER: The petition of A.Taylor, and
others, residents of Wisconsin and Michigan, pray-
ing for an appropriation of $40,000 for tho purpose of
improving the mouth of the Menomonee river, in the
State of Wisconsin.
By Mr.SCHENCK: Tho petition of Clement Hurtt,
a soldier of the war of 1812, praying for the passage
of a special act of legislation allowing him an invalid
pension. ^
By Mr. STOKES: Two petitions of citizens of Rhea
county, Tennessee, against further curtailment of
currency.
By Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts: Tho peti-
tion of Rodney Wallace, and others, citizens of Fitch -
burg, Massachusetts, asking for a reduction of the
tax on gas to companies supplying small quantities.
By Mr. WELKER: The petition of T. G. Loomis,
and 49 others, citizens of Efarrisville township, Me-
dina county, Ohio, asking that tho tariff bill passed
by the House at the last session of Congress may be
enacted into a law.
By Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania: The petition
of citizens of Osceola, Tioga county, Pennsylvania,
praying for an increased tariff on wool.-
IN" SENATE.
Tuesday, January 29, 1867.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. E. H. Gray.
On motion of Mr. CONNESS, and by unan-
imous consent, the reading of the Journal of
yesterday was dispensed with.
railroads in california.
Mr. STEWART, from the Committee on
Public Lands, 4o whom was recommitted the
bill (S. No. 461J to aid in the construction of
the San Francisco Central Pacific railroad,
reported it with an amendment.
enrolled bills signed.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Lloyd, its Chief Clerk, announced
that the Speaker of the House had signed the
following enrolled bills; which were thereupon
signed by the President pro tempore of the
Senate:
A bill (S. No. 16) for the relief of Josiah O.
Armes;
A bill (S. No. 253) to incorporate "The
First Congregational Society of Washington ";
A bill (S. No. 380) to incorporate the Wash-
ington County Horse Railroad Company in the
District of Columbia;
A bill (S. No. 410) for the relief of Solomon
P. Smith;
A bill (S. No. 446) for the relief of Ge&rge
W. Fish;
A bill (S. No. 454) for the relief of Matilda
Harmon, of the county of Greene, and State
of Tennessee, widow of Jacob Harmon;
A bill (S. No. 455) for the relief of Barbara
Frye, widow of Henry Frye;
A bill (S. No. 476) for the relief of William
Hinshaw and Jacob M. Hinshaw, minor
children of Jacob M. Hinshaw, deceased; and
A bill (S. No. 511) for the relief of Mrs.
Mary E. Finney, widow of First Lieutenant
Solon H. Finney, late of the sixth regiment
Michigan cavalry.
executive communication.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a message from the President of the
United States, communicating, in response to
a resolutiou of the Senate of the 21st instant, a
copy of the correspondence betvyeen the De-
partment of State and Mr. Motley, envoy ex-
traordinary and minister plenipotentiary at
Vienna, relating to his reported resignation;
which, on motion of Mr. Sumner, was ordered
to lie on the table, and be printed.
admission 01' colorado-—veto.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will also lay before the Senate the following
message from the President of the United
States.
The Secretary read the message, as follows:
To the Senate, of the United States :
T return to the Senate, in which House it
originated, a bill entitled "An act to admit the
State of Colorado into the Union," to which I
cannot consistently with my sense of duty give
my approval. With the exception of an addi-
tional section, containing new provisions, it is
substantially the same as the bill of a similar
title passed by Congress during the last session,
submitted to the President for his approval,
1 returned with the objections contained in a
message bearing date the 15th of May last, and
yet awaiting the reconsideration of the Senate.
A second bill, having in view the same pur-
pose, has now passed both Houses of Congress,
and been presented for my signature. Having
again carefully considered the subject, I have
been unable to perceive any reason for chang-
ing the opinions which have already been com-
municated to Congress. I find, on the con-
trary, that there are many objections to the
proposed legislation of which I was not at that
time aware, and that while several of those
which I then assigned have in the interval
gained in strength, yet others have been created
by the altered character of the measures now
submitted.
The constitution under which this State gov-
ernment is proposed to be formed very prop-
erly contains a provision that all laws in force
at the time of its adoption and the admission of
the State into the Union shall continue as if the
constitution had not been adopted. Among
those laws is one absolutely prohibiting negroes
and mulattoes from voting. At the recent ses-
sion of the territorial Legislature a bill for the
repeal of this law, introduced into the council,
was almost unanimously rejected; and the very
time when Congress was engaged in enacting
the bill now under consideration the Legislature
passed an act excluding negroes and mulat-"
toes from the right to sit as jurors. This bill
was vetoed by the Governor of the Territory,
who held that by the laws of the United States
negroes and mulattoes are citizens and subject
to the duties as well as entitled to the rights
of citizenship. The bill, however, was passed,
the objections of the Governor to the contrary
notwithstanding, and is now a law of the Ter-
ritory. Yet in the bill now before me, by
which it is proposed to admit the Territory as
a State, it is provided that "there shall be no .
denial of the elective franchise or any other
rights to any person by reason of race or color,
excepting Indians riot taxed." The incongru-
ity thus exhibited between the legislation of
Congress and that of the Territory, taken in
connection with the protest against the admis-
sion of the State hereinafter referred to, would
seem clearly to indicate the impolicy and in-
justice of the proposed enactment.
It might, indeed, be a subject of grave inquiry,
and doubtless will result in such inquiry if this
bill becomes a law, whether it does not attempt
to exercise a power not conferred upon Congress
by the Federal Constitution. That instrument
simply declares that Congress may admit new
States into the Union. It nowhere says that
Congress may make new States for the purpose
of admitting them into the Union, or for any
other purpose ; and yet this bill is as clear an
attempt to make the institutions as any inwhich
the people themselves could engage.
In view of this action of Congress, the House
of Representatives of the Territory have earn-
estly protested against being forced into the
Union without first having the question sub-
mitted to the people. Nothing could be more
reasonable than the position which" they thus
assume; and it certainly cannot be the purpose
of Congress to force upon a community against
their will a government which they do not be-
lieve themselves capable of sustaining.
The following is a copy of the protest alluded
to, as officially transmitted to me:
Whereas it is announced in the public prints that
it is the intention of Congress to admit Colorado as
a fetate into the Union : Therefore,
Resolved, by the House of Representatives of the
serritory. That, representing, as we do, the last and
only legal expression of public opinion on this ques-
w '' PS?1?84 against the passage of the
law admitting^ the State without first having tho
question submitted to a vote of the people, for the
u1, we havf a rieht to a voice in the
; characterof ourt?overnmcnt; second,
tho ovSil^,V0 n* \ sufficient population to support
the expenses of a fetate government. For these rea-
® c°nBres? not force upon us a
government against our will.
Upon information which I considered reli-
able I assumed in my message of the 15th of
May last that the population of Colorado was
not more than thirty thousand, and expressed
the opinion that this number was entirely too
