54
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 11,
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Washburne, of
Illinois, reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union had had under
consideration the President's annual message,
and had directed him to report certain resolu-
tions to the House.
The resolutions reported from the Committee
of the Whole were then adopted. • •
CHARLES M'CARTHY.
Mr. HILL, OTunanimousconsent, introduced
abillfortherenef of Charles McCarthy; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
INDIANS lit NORTHERN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. BIDWELL, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill to provide for the care and
maintenance of the Indians in northern Cali-
fornia ; which was read a first and second time,
aud" referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
ARMY APPOINTMENTS.
Mr. ANCONA, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs
be requested to inquire into the expediency of report-
ing a- bill so amending section four of the act to
increase the. military peape establishment of the
United States, approved July 28,1860, as to permit
and authorize-the appointment of persons who have
served five years or more in the Army, and who have
been distinguished for capacity and good conduct in
the field.
EXCUSED FROM COMMITTEE SERVICE. "
Mr. CAMPBELL. I wish to be excused
from serving on the committee appointed to
visit New Orleans. I have just taken my seat
in this Congress only a few days ago. I repre-
sent a district that has had bo Representative
here for sixyears. I have a great deal of busi-
ness to do during this short session, and if I go
to New Orleans it will be impossible for me to
give that attention to the interests of my con-
stituents that I think they require. ^
The gentleman was accordingly excused from
service.
FEES AND COSTS IN UNITED STATES COURTS.
Mr. COOK, by unanimous consent, from the
Committee on the Judieary, reported a bill
to amend an act entitled "An act to regulate
the fees and costs to be allowed clerks, mar-
shals, and attorneys of the circuit and district
courts of the United States, and for other pur-
poses," approved February 28, 1853; which
was read a first and second time, ordered to be
printed, and recommitted to the committee.
WASHINGTON AND GEORGETOWN RAILROAD.
Mr. DODGIJ, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to amend the charter of the Wash-
ington and Georgetown Railroad Company;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee for the District of
Columbia.
REMOVALS FROM OFFICE.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I desire now to call up
the special order, being the bill for the regula-
tion of appointments and removals from office.
I merely do it for the purpose of saving the
bill and allowing it to retain its place.
The SPEAKER. It will retain its place on
the Calendar at any rate, there being no other
special orders.
Mr. WILLIAMS. That is all I desire.
CLEKK TO A COMMITTEE.
Mr. DARLING. I-ask leave to offer the
following resolution:
Resolved*, That the select committee appointed to
inquire into frauds on the revenue, &c., be authorized
to' employ a-' clerk for such time as they may deem
necessary, and that all the expenses of said commit-
tee be paid out of the contingent fund of the House.
. Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I suggest
to the gentleman that he had better word his
resolution differently, so as to provide that the
committed fee authorized to employ a stenog-
rapher as clerk. They will probably need a
stenographer. .
Mr. DARLING. We can employ a stenog-
rapher under the rules of the House.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. No you can-
not. If the gentleman desires to accomplish
his object he had better modify Ms resolution.
Mr. DARLING. I will modify it so as to
read "a clerk and stenographer." We may
want both.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object to
that. The committee will have no need for a
clerk if they have a stenographer.
Mr. DARLING. Then I will modify tie
'resolution so as to authorize the employment
of a stenographer as clerk.
The resolution, as modified, was agreed to.
votes recorded.
Mr. JULIAN. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to record my vote on the
passage of the bill in regard to the meetings of
Congress.
The SPEAKER. The chair cannot, under
the rules, ask unanimous consent for that pur-
pose. It requires a suspension of the rules.
Mr. JULIAN. I move, then, to suspend
the rules to enable me to record my vote.
The question was taken, and two thirds vot-
ing in favor thereof the rules were suspended.
Mr. JULIAN. I vote "ay."
Mr. ELIOT. I desire the same privilege,
and move a suspension of the rules for that
purpose.
The question was taken, and two thirds voting
in favor thereof the rules were suspended.
Mr. ELIOT. I vote "ay."
_ Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia.^ I de-
sire to record my vote on the same bill, and
move to suspend the rules for that purpose.
The question was taken, and two thirds voting
in favor thereof the rules were suspended.
Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia. I vote
"ay."
• Mr. NICHOLSON. I desire the same privi-
lege, and move that the rules be suspended.
The previous question was taken, and two
thirds voting in favor thereof the rules were
suspended.
Mr. NICHOLSON. I vote "no."
withdrawal of papers.
Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia.,. I ask
unanimous consent to withdraw from the files
of the House the papers in the ease of Edgar
T. Harris. They are simply his discharge
papers. A law has been passed under which
they are no longer needed here.
No objection was made, and leave was granted
for the withdrawal of the papers.
And then, on motion of Mr. GRINNELL,
(.at five minutes past three o' clock p. m.,) the
House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &e., were presented under
the rule, and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. BOUTWEI/L: The petition of Jacob
Rogers, and others, of Lowell, asking for an amend-
ment of the Constitution of the United Statos so as
to remove all inequalities among citizens on account
of race or color.
By Mr. COOK: A petition of the Board of Super-
visors of Lasalle county, Illinois, praying for an
amendment to the act approved September 28,1850.
entitled "An act to enable the State of Arkansas and
other States to reclaim thd"swamp lands within their
limits."
By Mr. CULLOM: A memorial of Clement Pine
to the Congress of the United States, asking for a
sufficient appropriation to enable him to publish a
history of the cheap postage system in the United
States.
By Mr. DODGE: Resolutions from the Chamber
of Commerceof the Statoof New York.cafiingatten-
tion of Congress to the importance of a survey by
the United States of the bed of tho Atlantic ocean,
for the laying of lines of telegraphic cable.
Also, a memorial of the Chamber of Commerce of
tho Stat e of New York, in regard to papers and records
of the district court of the United States for thesouth-
crn district of Mississippi lost during the war.
By Mr. ECKLEY : The petition of 152 citizens of
Marlborough, Stark county, Ohio, alleging charges
against the President of the United States, and ask-
ing his impeachment.
By Mr. ELIOT: Tho petition of Elizabeth F. Chip-
man, of Sandwich, Massachusetts, for relief and
indemnity for tho loss of property in the publio ser-
vice.
By Mr. i'iiKKY: A petition from E. F. Grabill, C.
C. Ellsworth, J. W. Fuller, M.Kutan. D, Fargo, and
41 others, citizens of Greenville, Michigan, praying
for an amendment to the Constitution -conferring
impartial suffrage to all citizens of the Itepublio
without distinction as to birth, race, or color, and
the removal of such inequality from the District of
Columbia and the Territories.
By Mr. HENDERSON: The petition of Blessington
Rutledge, praying the confirmation of certain land
titles in Oregon.
Also a petition from 101 citizens of Oregon and
W ashington Territory, praying the payment of the
Oregon and Washington Territory war claims.
By Mr. LYNCH: The petition of Jane P. Thurston,
for indemnity.
By Mr. ORTH: The petition and accompanying
documents of William Davenport, of Indiana, pray-
ing for relief.
By Mr. RANDALL, of Kentucky: The petition of
sundry clerks in provost marshal's office, for com-
pensation for services rendered.
By Mr. RITTER: The petition of Wm. Hazlip, U.
F.Case, R. Hazlip, Joseph Farley, andsundry others,
citizens of Edmundson county, Kentucky, asking the
establishment of a post route from Brownsville, in
said county, to Rooky Hill station, on the Louisville
and Nashville railroad.
By Mr. SCHENCK : A petition of seamen, coal-
passers, firemen, and marines, praying to be allowed
bounty for their services during thewar in Army hill
passed for the equalization of bounties.
Also, the petition of Edward Knnekel, late second
lieutenant company I, fifty-eighth New York volun-
teers, praying for relief.
By Mr. WELKER : The petition of Herman Ely,
N. B.Gates, and 22 others, citizens of Lorain county,
Ohio, asking the passage of a law regulating inter-
State insurances of all kinds.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, December 11, 1866.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. E. H. Gray.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
petitions and memorials.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
has received, and will take this opportunity to
lay before the Senate, the memorial of Henry
M. Buell, of Hopkins, Alleghany county,
Michigan, late of the forty-first regiment Ohio
volunteers. The memorialist describes him-
self as having served for a long period during
the rebellion, and having been discharged on
account of disability contracted in the service.
On account of his extreme poverty he has not
been able to get together the proof necessary
to procure a pension; and he asks Congress to
make him a grant of land from the public lands.
The memorial will be received if there be no
ebjection, "and referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
It was so referred.
Mr. HOWARD presented the petition of
Mary M. Taylor, praying that certain land on
,the island of St. Helena, in the parish of St.
Helena, State of South Carolina, may be de-
livered to her upon payment of the taxes due
the United States; which was referred to the
Committee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. WILSON presented two petitions of offi-
cers in the United States Army, praying for an
increase of pay; which were referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and-the Militia.
Mr. MORGAN presented the petition of the
marine underwriters in the city of New York,
praying for an appropriation of money suffi-
cient to remove the iron steamship Scotland,
wrecked on the bar outside of Sandy Hook;
which was referred to the Committee on Fi-
nance.
He also presented the petition of Harriet G.
Peale, Rosalba P. L'nderwood, and John H.
Griscom, executors of the estate of the late
Rembrandt Peale, artist, praying for an appro-
priation for the purchase of Mr. Peale's paint-
ing now in the llotunda entitled 1' Washington
before Yorktown:" which was referred to the
Committee on the Library.
papers withdrawn and referred.
On motion of Mr. NESMITH, it was
Ordered, That the memorial and papers of the heirs
of Benjamin R. Milam, praying for the confirmation
of their title to a tract of land granted by the Mexi-
can Government to him, and land scrip for so much
of the land as has been disposed of by the United
States, he withdrawn from the files and referred to
tha Committee on Private Land Claims.
reports os committees.
Mr. WADE, from the Committee on Terri-
tories, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
4G2) to admit the State of Colorado into the
Union, reported it without amendment.
