1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
819
small either to assume the responsibility or to
enjoy the privileges of a State.
It appears that previous to that time the
Legislature, with a view to ascertain the exact
condition of the Territory, had passed a law
authorizing a census of the population to be
taken. The law made it the duty of the assess-
ors in the several counties to take the census
in connection with the annual assessments,
and, in order to secure a correct enumeration
of the population, allowed them a liberal com-
pensation for the service by paying them for
every name returned, and added to their pre-
/ vious oath of office an oath to perform-this duty
with fidelity.
From the accompanying official report it
appears that returns have been received from
fifteen of the eighteen counties into which the
State is divided, and that their population
amounts in the aggregate to twenty-four thou-
sand nine hundred and nine. The three re-
maining counties are estimated to contain three
thousand, making a total population of twenty-
seven thousand nine hundred and nine.
This census was taken in the summer season,
when it is claimed that the population is much
larger than at any other period, as in the au-
tumn miners in large numbers leave their work
and return to the East with the results of their
summer enterprise.
The population, it will be observed, is but
slightly in excess of one fifth of the number
required as the basis of representation for a
single congressional district in any of the States,
the number being one hundred and twenty-
seven thousand.
I am unable to perceive any good reason for
such great disparity in the right of representa-
tion, giving, as it would, to the people of Colo-
rado not only this vast advantage iu the House
of Representatives, but an equality in the Sen-
ate, where the other States are represented by
millions. With perhaps a single exception,
no such inequality as this has ever before been
attempted. I know that it is claimed, that the
population of the different States at the time
of their admission has varied at different peri-
ods ; but it has not varied much more than the
population of each decade, and the corre-
sponding basis of representation for the differ-
ent periods.
The obvious intent of the Constitution was
that no State should be admitted with a less
population than the ratio for a Representative
at the time of application. The limitation in
the second section of the first article of the
Constitution, declaring that " each State shall
have at least one Representative," was mani-
festly designed to protect the States which
originally composed the Union from being
deprived, in the event of a waning population,
of a voice in the popular branch of Congress,
and was never intended as a warrant to force
a new State into the Union with a representa-
tive population far below that which might at
the time be required of sister members of the
Confederacy. This bill, in view of the prohi-
bition of the same section, which declares that
"the number of Representatives shall not
exceed one for every thirty thousand," is at
least a violation of the spirit, if not the letter,
of the Constitution.
It is respectfully submitted that however
Congress, under the pressure of circumstances,
may have admitted two or three States with
less than a representative population at the
time, there has been no instance in which an
application for admission has ever been enter-
tained when the population, as offioially ascer-
tained, was below thirty thousand.^
Were there any doubt of this being the true
construction of the Constitution, it would be
dispelled by the early and long-continued prac-
tice of the Federal Government. For nearly
sixty years after the adoption of the Constitu-
tion no State was admitted with a population
believed at the time to be less than the current
ratio for a Representative ; and the first instance
in which there appears to have been a depart-
ure from the principle was in 1845, in the case
of Florida. Obviously the result of sectional
strife, we would do well to regard it as a warn-
ing of evil rather than as an example for imi-
tation ; and I think candid men of all parties
will agree that the inspiring cause of the vio-
lation of this wholesome principle of restraint
is to be found in a vain attempt to balance
these antagonisms which refused to be recon-
ciled except through the bloody arbitrament
of arms. The plain facts of our history will
attest that the great and leading States admitted
since 1845, namely, Iowa, Wisconsin, Califor-
nia, Minnesota, and Kansas—including Texas,
which was admitted that year—have all come
with an ample population for one Representa-
tive, and some of them with nearly or quite
enough for two.
To demonstrate the correctness of my views
on this question, I subjoin a table containing
a list of the States admitted since the adoption
of the Federal Constitution, with the date of
admission, the ratio of representation, and the
representative population when admitted, de-
duced from the United States census tables,
the calculation being made for the period of
the decade corresponding with the date of
admission.
Colorado, which it is now proposed to admit
as a State, contains, as has already been stated,
a population less than twenty-eight thousand,
while the present ratio of representation is one
hundred and twenty-seven thousand.
There can be no reason that I can perceive
for the admission of Colorado that would not
apply with equal force to nearly every other
Territorynoworganized; and f submit whether,
if this bill become a law, it will be possible to
resist the logical conclusion that such Territo-
ries as Dakota, Montana, and Idaho must be
received as States whenever they present them-
selves, without regard to the number of inhab-
itants they may respectively contain. Eight
or ten new Senators and four or five new mem-
bers of the House of Representatives would
thus be admitted to represent a population
scarcely exceeding that which in any other
portion of the nation is entitled to but a single
member of the House of Representatives, while
the average for two Senators in the Union as
now constituted, is at least one million peo-
ple. It would surely be unjust to all other
sections of the Union to enter upon a policy
with regard to the admission of new States
which might result in conferring such a dis-
proportionate share of influence in the national
Legislature upon communities which, in pur-
suance of the wise policy of our fathers, should
for some years to come be retained under the
fostering care and protection of the national
Government. If it is deemed just andexpe-
dient now to depart from the settled policy of
the nation during all its history, and to admit
all the Territories to the rights and privileges
of States, irrespective of their population or
fitness for such government, it is submitted
whether it would not be well to devise such
measures as will bring the subject before the
country for consideration and decision. This
would seem to be evidently wise, because, as
has already been stated, if it is right to admit
Colorado now there is no reason for the ex-
clusion of the other Territories.
It is no answer to these suggestions that an
enabling act was passed authorizing the people
of Colorado to take action on this subject. It
is well known that that act was passed in con-
sequence of representations that the population
reached, according to some statements, as high
as eighty thousand, and to none less than fifty
thousand, and was growing with a rapidity
which, by the time the admission could be con-
summated, would secure a population of over
a hundred thousand. These representations
prove to have been wholly fallacious ; and in
addition the people of the Territory, by a de-
liberate vote, decided that they would not
assume the responsibilities of a State govern-
ment.
By that decision they utterly exhausted all
power that was conferred by the enabling act;
and there has been no step taken since in rela-
tion to the admission that has had the slight-
est sanction or warrant of law. The proceeding
upon which the present application is based
was in the utter absence of all law in relation
to it, and there is no evidence that the votes
on the question of the formation of a State
government bear anjr relation whatever to the
sentiment of the Territory. The protest of the
House of Representatives, previously quoted,
is conclusive evidence to the contrary.
But if none of these reasons existed against
this proposed enactment, the bill itself, besides
being inconsistent in its provisions in confer-
ring power upon a person unknown to the laws
and who may never have a legal existence, is
so framed as to render its execution almost
impossible. It is indeed a question whether it
is not in itself a nullity. To say the least, it
is exceedingly doubtful propriety to confer the
power proposed in this bill upon the '' Gov-
ernor-elect for as, by its own terms, the con-
stitution is not to take effect until after tha
admission of the State, he in the mean time
has no more authority than any other private
citizen. But even supposing him to be clothed
with sufficient authority to convene the Legis-
lature, what constitutes the " State Legisla-
ture" to which is to be referred the submission
of the conditions imposed by Congress? Is
it a new body to be elected and convened by
proclamation of the " Governor-elect," or i 
it that body which met more than a year ago
under the provisions of the State constitution?
By reference to the second section of the
schedule, and to the eighteenth section of the
fourth article of the State constitution, it will
be seen that the term of the members of the
House of Representatives and that of one half
of the members of the Senate expired on the
first Monday of the present month. It is clear
that if there were no intrinsic objections to the
bill itself in relation to purposes to be accom-
plished, this objection would be fatal; as it is
apparent that the provisions of the third sec-
tion of the bill to admit Colorado have refer-
ence to a period and a state of facts entirely
different from thfe present and affairs as they
now exist, and if carried into effect must ne-
cessarily lead to confusion.
Even if it were settled that the old and not
a new body were to act, it would be found im-
practicable to execute the law, because a con-
siderable number of the members, as I am
informed, have ceased to be residents of the
Territory, and in the sixty days within which
the Legislature is to be convened after the pas-
sage of the act, there would not be sufficient
time to fill the vacancies by new elections,
were there any authority under which they
could'be held.
It may not be improper to add that if these
proceedings were all regular, asd the result to
be obtained were desirable, simple justice to
the people of the Territory would require a
longer period than sixty days within which to
obtain action on the conditions proposed by
the third section of the bill. There are, as is
well known, large portions of the Territory
with which there is and can be no general
communication, there being several counties
which, from November to_ May, can only be
reached by persons traveling on foot; while
with other regions of the Territory, occupied
by a large portion of the population, there is
very little more freedom of access. Thus, if
this bill should become a law, it would-be im-
practicable to obtain any expression of public
sentiment in reference to its provisions, with a
view to enlighten the Legislature, if the old
body were called together; and, of course,
equally impracticable to procure the election
of a new body. Toi* defect might have been
remedied by an extension of the time and a
submission of the question to the people, with
a fair opportunity to enable them to express
their sentiments.
The admission of a new State has generally
been regarded as an epoch m our history;
marking the onward progress of the nation ;
but after tha most careful and anxiouS inquiry
on the subject I cannot perceive that the pro-
posed proceeding is in conformity with th,^
