820
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
policy which, from the origin of the Govern-
ment, has uniformly prevailed in the admission
of new States. I therefore return the bill to
the Senate without my signature.
ANDREW JOHNSON.
Washington, Jaxiumry 28, 1867.
States. Admitted, Ratio. P&pVn.
Vermont  1791 33,000 92,320
Kentucky  1792 33,000 95,638
Tennessee  1796 33,000 73,861
Ohio  1802 33,000 82,443
Louisiana  1812 35,000 75,212
Indiana  1816 35,000 98,110
Mississippi    1817 35,000 53,677
Illinois  1818 35,000 46,274
Alabama 1819 35,000 111,150
Maine  1820 35,000 298,385
Missouri   1821 35,000 ■ 69,260
Arkansas  1836 47,700 65,175
Michigan  1837 47,700 158,073
Florida  1845 70,680 57,951
Texas  1845 70,680 *189,327
Iowa  1816 70,680 132,527
Wisconsin  1848 70,680 250,497
California  1850 70,680 92,597
Oregon    1858 93,492 44,630
Minnesota  1859 93,492 138,909
Kansas  1861 93,492 107,206
West Virginia   1862 93,492 319,628
Nevada    1864 127,000 Not k'wn
* In 1850.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Accom-
panying the message are certain documents
from the Territory of Colorado. What order
will the Senate take on the message and accom-
panying documents ?
Mr. WADE. Let us have a vote on the bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
returned by the President is now before the
Senate to be reconsidered, and the question is,
Shall the bill pass, the objections of the Presi-
dent to the contrary notwithstanding?
Mr. JOHNSON. Senators were notadvised
that a vote was to be taken during the morning
hour, I suppose, and a great many are not here.
I suggest, therefore, to my friend from Ohio
whether he had not better postpone action on
the bill until one o'clock to-morrow and let us
have the message printed. There will be no
debate, I suppose.
The PRESIDENT^ro tempore. Is the Sen-
ate ready for the question ?
Mr. GRIMES. What is the question?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is, Shall this bill pass, notwithstanding the
objections of the President of the United States ?
Mr. JOHNSON. I move that the subject be
postponed until to-morrow morning.
Mr. WADE. I hope that will not be done.
I ask for the yeas and nays on the motion.
Mr. JOHNSON. The message has not yet
been printed by the Senate.
Mr. DAVIS. There are certainly soifte new
facts and views set forth in this message that
deserve the serious consideration of the Sen-
ate, and that ought to be duly deliberated and
passed upon by it. This is certainly a com-
munication of very great importance, not only
to the present, but to the future; and it seems
to me that it is due to the occasion and to every
aspect of the subject that this veto message
should be printed and should be madtf the
special order for to-morrow, so as to admit of
a reasonable amount of debate. I suppose
there is not a gentleman who would sustain the
veto message of the President that desires need-
lessly to protract the debate or to postpone
vexatiously the decision of the Senate upon the
question, finally, whether Colorado shall be ad-
mitted as a State into the Union. Certainly I
have no such purpose, and I helieve no gentle-
man in the Senate has.
But, sir, the gravity of the occasion, the im-
portance of the principles involved both in
regard to the power of Congress and the right
of the people of a Territory to determine the
question whether they will have a State gov-
ernment or not, and other matters connected
with that general question, in my mind render
it peculiarly proper that the motion of the
Senator from Maryland should prevail. I
think, therefore, the gentlemen who have this
matter in-'charge should allow it to go over
until to-morrow, and to be the special-order
of the day, and thus that Senators shall have
.an understanding as to when debate shall ter-
minate and the vote be taken. I would advise,
so far as I am concerned, that the question
should be taken up to-morrow.
Mr. WADE. I certainly should not attempt
in this manner to urge this matter to a vote
now if it was a new question; but we have
passed this bill through the Senate, I believe,
three times, and it has been debated for a long
period. Certainly at this session no question
has occupied so mueh of the attention of the
Senate as the question of the admission of Ne-
braska and Colorado. I believe there has been
more debate upon -the question whether these
Territories should be admitted into the Union
as States than there ever was before upon such
a subject from the foundation of the Govern-
ment until now. We are told it is an exceed-
ingly grave question, now for the first time.
After we have been admitting States almost
yearly from the foundation of the Government,
all at once it becomes an exceedingly grave
and difficult question to determine whether a
Territory shall be admitted into the Union as
a State or not 1
I shall not argue the question now ; I believe
every Senator on this floor has made up his
mind and is as ready now to give his vote as he
ever will be ; and as the session is drawing to
a close and the great business which must
necessarily be done is hardly commenced, I
want, if possible, to get rid of this eternal de-
bate that does not seem to enlighten anybody
after a certain period. You may debate the
same subject during this session and the next,
and gentlemen accustomed to debate will have
no difficulty in finding topics to talk about, but
we have no time to indulge in that kind of
amusement now or from this time to the end
of the session. We must cut our debates short
somewhat, or else give up legislation altogether.
1 trust we may get a vote on this matter. I
shall not detain the Senate now.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I hope the motion will
prevail, and that the question will go over until
to-morrow. Sir, the President of the United
States has been attacked in this body in a man-
ner which I think unwarranted in senatorial
debate. I was his personal friend when he
was a member of this body; my relation with
him is that of personal friendship and not of
political connection. I wish the subject to go
over until to-morrow that I may have an op-
portunity to reply to the unwarranted attacks
made upon the President of the United States,
and if it goes over until to-morrow I shall take
occasion to review some of the charges which
have been made against the President of
usurpation and of using vulgarity of language,
and to bring before the Senate some exhibits
of the debates in this body, for I have heard
with my own ears vulgarism here under the
disguise of the French language. I have heard
gentlemen rise upon the floor of this Senate
and charge the President with being guilty of
vulgarism when they themselves in debate
clothed vulgar language in French phrase. I
have heard upon the floor of this Senate vul-
garity in comparison with which the President
of the United States has never said anything,
and I have heard those same men arraign the
President as being guilty of vulgarism and in
the very charge which they made couching
their language in words disgusting to ears
polite.
I hope the motion to postpone will prevail.
While I now disavow the advocacy of the
President as a political friend, I avow myself
as his personal friend ready at all times to vin-
dicate him against the vulgar assaults that
have been made upon him on this floor.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to ask the Sen-
ator from Ohio, who has this bill in charge,
why in the third section there is a difference of
phraseology between the Colorado and the
Nebraska bills. The third section of this bill
provides that it 
Shall not take effeet except upon the funda-
mental condition that within the State of Colorado
there shall be no denial of tlie elective franchise or
any other rights to any person by reason of race or
color, excepting Indian? not taxed, and upon the
further fundamental condition that the Legislature
elected under said State constitution by a solemn
public aet shall declare the assent of the said State
to the said fundamental condition.
This is submitted to the Legislature elected
under the constitution. Now, in submitting it
to the Legislature in Nebraska different lan-
guage is used. Just what that difference is I
am not prepared to state, not having the Ne-
braska bill before me; but there is a difference.
I want to know why the difference is made in
the two cases, if the Senator can inform the
Senate. The fact is communicated to the Sen-
ate by the veto message that one branch of the
Legislature of Colorado has expressed views
which would be hostile to this proceeding. I
want to know if the vote upon this question is
taken away from that Legislature because it is
supposed that Legislature is hostile to this par-
ticular measure; and I think the Senator when
the subject was up before should have called
the attention of the Senate to the difference in
the two bills. I know that when we voted 1
supposed the third section of each bill was in
precisely the same language. Afterward it
was found there was a difference. Now, I ask
the Senator from Ohio, who has the bill in
charge, to explain the difference and to give
the Senate to understand why there is a differ-
ence in the two bills in these sections.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is the
Senate ready for the question on the motion to
postpone the further consideration of the bill
until to-morrow?
Mr. WADE. Tie yeas and nays are de-
manded on that question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HENDRICKS. As the Senator from
Ohio declines to make any explanation we
have a right to assume'that there was some
purpose in this matter, that there should be a
difference in the same provision in regard to
similar bills. We have a right to assume that
if this were submitted to the Legislature of
Colorado in the same terms in which it is sub-
mitted to the Legislature in Nebraska it would
probably be rejected. Then we have before
Congress the spectacle of one bill submitted to
one Legislature to secure a particular result
and a similar bill under exactly the same cir-
cumstances submitted to another and a differ-
ent Legislature in the other Territory, for the
purpose, I assume in' the absence of an ex-
planation, of securing a result which could not
be secured if the submission was in the same
language as in the other bill. I do not think,
that being properly understood, the Senate of
the United States would be a party to a busi-
ness of this sort. If it is right to submit it in
Nebraska to the territorial Legislature, then
in Colorado the same submission should take
place. If in Nebraska that Legislature repre-
sents the popular will in such a manner as to
bind the people, the submission ought to be to
the same Legislature in Colorado.
Mr. President, I am indifferent as to when
this vote shall take place. If it is the pleasure
of the Senate of the United States by a two-
thirds vote to give to twenty-seven thousand
people in Colorado the voice in the Senate of the
United States given to the million and a half of
people in the State of Indiana, we have to sub-
mit to it. This was not at one time the judgment
of the Senate. Before this question assumed
any political character, and before there were
any purposes to accomplish, the vote upon the
admission of Colorado stood 14 for it and 21
against it; and it will be a singular fact if now
two thirds can be secured for a bill, when on
the first vote there were nearly two thirds against
it. No such case has occurred in our history,
that a State should be admitted with so incon-
siderable a population as this. One or two cases
can be found in which States have been admitted
without a population sufficient to entitle them
to a Representative in the House; but in the
great body of the cases the population has been
mueh above the Representative ratio.
It seems to me that the majority here are
not so straitened for votes as that they need to
do this, to give a power in the Senate of the
