&$
mm
December 11;
empire in the world. A -woman is the high
admiral of the most powerful fleet that rests
upon the seas. Princes and nobles bow to her,
not in the mere homage of gallantry, but as
the representative of a sovereignty which has
descended to her from along line of sovereigns,
some of the most illustrious of them of her
own sex. And shall we say that a woman may
properly command an army, and yet cannot
vote for a common councilman in the city of
Washington?
I know vsrywell' this discussion is idle and
of no efleofy tind I am not going to pursue it.
I should: not:have introduced this question, but
as it has been introduced, and I intend to vote
for the amendment, I desire to declare here
that I shall vote'for it in all seriousness be-
cause I. think it is right. The discussion of
this subject is not confined to visionary enthu-
siasts. It is now attracting the attention of
some of the best thinkers in the world, both
in this country and in Europe, and one of the
very best of them all, John Stuart Mill, in a
most, elaborate and able paper, has declared
his conviction of the right and justice of female
suffrage. The time has not come for it, but
the time is coming. It is coming with the
progress of civiiization and thegeneralamelio-
rationof .the race,, and the triumph of truth
and justicea,ndequaLrights.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. President, to extend
the right of. suffrage to the negroes in this
country I think is necessary for their protec-
tion ; but to extend the right of suffrage to
women, in my judgment, is not necessary for.
their protection. For that reason, as well as
for others, I shall vote against the amendment
proposed by the Senator from Pennsylvania,
and for.the amendment as it was originally
introduced by the Senator from Ohio, [Mr.
Wade.] Negroes in the United States have
been enslaved siriee the formation of the Gov-
ernment. .Degradation and ignorance have
beentheirportion; intelligence-has been denied
to them ; they have been proscribed on account
of their color; there is a bitter and cruel pre-
judice against them everywhere, and a large
minority of the people of this country to-day,
if they had the power, would deprive them of
all political and civil rights and reduce them
to a state of abject servitude. Women have
not been enslaved. Intelligence has not been
denied to.them; they have not been degraded;
there -is no prejudice against them on account
of their sex; but, on the contrary, if they
deserve to be, they are respected, honored, and
loved. Wide as the poles apart are the con-
ditions of these two classes of persons. Ex-'
ceptions I know there are to all rules; but,
as.a general proposition, it is true that the
sons defend and protect the reputation and
rights of their mothers ; husbands defend and
protect the reputation and rights of their
wives ; brothers defend and protect the repu-
tation and rights of their sisters; and to honor,
cherish, and love the women of this country
is the pride, and the glory of its sons;
•When '-women ask Congress to extend to
them the' right of suffrage it will be proper to
consider their claims. Not one in a thousand
of them at this time wants any such thing, and
would not exercise the power if it was granted
to them. Some few who are seeking notoriety
make a feeble clamor for the right of suffrage,
but they do not- represent the sex to which they
belong, or I am mistaken as to the modesty
aad delicacy, which constitute the chief attrac-
tion of the sex. Do our intelligent and refined
women desire to plunge into the vortex of po-
litical excitement and agitation? Would that
policy in any. way conduce to their peace, their
purity, and their happiness? Sir, it has been
said that "the hand that rocks the cradle rules
the world;" and there is truth as well as beauty
in that expression. Women in this country
by their , elevated social position can exercise
more influence upon public affairs than they
could coerce by the use of the ballot. When
God married our first parents in the garden
according to that ordinance they were made
"boneof one bone and flesh of one flesh;"
and the whole theory of government and soci-
ety proceeds upon the assumption that their
interests are one, that their relations are so
-intimate and tender that whatever is for the
benefit of the one is for the benefit of the other;
whatever works to the injury of the one works
to the injury of the other. , I say, sir, that the
more identical and inseparable these interests
and relations can be made, the better for all
concerned; and the woman who undertakes to
put her sex in an adversary position to man,
who undertakes by the use of some independ-
ent political power to. contend and fight against
man, displays a spirit which would, if able,
convert all the now harmonious elements of
society into a state of war, and make every
home a hell upon earth.
Women do not bear their proportion and
share, they cannot bear their proportion and
share, of the public burdens. Men represent
them in the Army and in the'Navy; men rep-
resent them at the polls and in the affairs of
the Government; and though it be true that in-
dividual women do own property that is taxed,
yet nine tenths of the property and the busi-
ness from which the revenues of the Govern-
ment are derived are in the hands and belong
to and are controlled by the men. Sir, when
the women of this country come to be sailors
and soldiers; when they come to navigate the
ocean and to follow the plow; when they love
to be jostled and crowded by all sorts of men
in the thoroughfares of trade and business;
when they love the treachery and the turmoil
of politics; when they love the dissoluteness
of the camp and the smoke and the thunder
and the blood of battle better than they love
the affections and enjoyments of home and
family, then it will be time to talk about mak-
ing the women voters ; but until that time the
question is not fairly before the country,
Negroes are a distinct class of people; they
are distinguished from others by their color,
and that color is generally regarded as a badge
of inferiority, and that idea of inferiority sub-
jects them to injustice. Suppose, sir, they are
allowed to vote, who will be harmed ? Suppose
a white man goes to the polls and is fallowed
there by a negro, what injury or harm results
from that brief and conventional association ?
Sir, that same white man can go to the polls
and be followed by a traitor, a thief, or a drunk-
ard, without any supposed degradation; but if
he is followed by a man whose complexion is
black, though he may be as honest and upright
a being as God ever made, there some imagi-
nary disgrace is made to be the consequence.
I am satisfied, Mr. President, that much of
this feeling, strong as it is, difficult as I know
it is to conquer, is mere prejudice, the result
of the educational influences to which we have
been subjected by the institution of slavery.
People in other countries where slavery has
never existed do not cherish the prejudice
against the negro that exists in this country.
Sir, I have seen negroes as slaves sitting on
the same seat in the same coach and convey-
ance with white people without objection; but
when that identical black man becomes free
theri his presence in a coach or a conveyance
is very obnoxious to the same white person.
Is not the negro as black as a slave as he is as
a free man ? Is he not as odious and offensive
in every way as a slave as he is as a free man?
Nobody will pretend that there is any change
in the person; but slavery makes a negro agree-
able while freedom makes him odious and hate-
ful. That is all there is about it.
I dismiss, so far as I am concerned in con-
nection with this question, all theories as to
the natural rights of persons to vote, and I j>ut
my action in favor of this bill upon the plain,
practical ground that suffrage to the negro in
this country is necessary for his protection.
Sir, to insult and abuse a negro in this District
is the pastiftie of some of its inhabitants. If
there is anything that I hate and despise, any- ■
thing that makes my blood boil with indigna-
tion, it is to see a man conscious of his supe-
riority and power insult and abuse one whose
color or whose circumstances place him beyond
the reach of public sympathy or the pale of
the law's protection. Sic, it is "base'flattery
to call such a man a coward." Yesterday we
were told that the descendants of dignified,
haughty, and proud families lived in this Dis-
trict. I am aware of that fact, and for that
reason I desire to extend the right of suffrage,
so that all the descendants of those dignified,
proud, and haughty families may enjoy it.
"Mr. COWAN. I should like to ask the
Senator from Oregon if he knows who wrotei
that article.
Mr.' WILLIAMS. What article do you
refer to? . .
. Mr. COWAN.. The article to which the
Senator is referring rioWj setting forth that the
inhabitants of this District were descended
from proud and aristocratic, families, and all
that kind of thing. I wish to ask him whether
he knows that that was written in the interest
of impartial suffrage or whether it was written
against it. Every one knows that it is very
easy for a man to write an article of that kind
and have it inserted in the public papers ,fbr
the purpose of being read here and-producing
a sensation. Now, if the honorable Senator
knows anything about this thing, knows any-
thing about the authenticity of that newspaper
article and who wrote it, what the purpose for
which it was written was, it is proper that he
state it. If "not, it is very improper to make use
of it. I can very readily see how a man who
desired to prejudice a cause, to damage it,
should go about and insert inn ewspapers, und er
the eye of stupid editors, articles of this kind
which were calculated to do immense mischief;
and yet, how correct it? If the authenticity of
this article which so much prejudices the peo-
ple of this District is known, if it is by author-
ity, if it has their sanction, let us know it;
otherwise it is mere idle wind.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. President, I know
nothing of the article to which I have referred,
except that it was introduced and read yester-
day By the chairman of the Committee on the
District of Columbia, and is before the Senate;
and I am surprised to find the Senator's indig-
nation aroused by a mere allusion to it by mc,
when he listened yesterday to its reading with-
out any question. I do not know, sir, who is
the author of that article; I know that it ap-
peared, or purports to have appeared, in a paper
that, as I understand, professes to be published
in Georgetown, while it is actually published
in the city of Washington, for the purpose of
avoiding a law of Congress passed at the last
session and to secure from the hands of the
President the executive patronage; and I
understand that it is a paper that is opposed to
suffrage in this District.
Now, is it probable that a paper laboring to
defeat suffrage in this District would publish
an article suggested by the enemies of that
paper, or the friends of suffrage, for the pur-
pose of producing injury? I referred to that
article because it was before the Senate. I
was about to say, in reference to the descend-
ants of those proud, haughty, dignified fami-
lies, that I can see no reason why one portion
of them should not enjoy the rigftt of suffrage
as well*as the others simply because they are
not giuite as fair as their more fortunate con-
nections.
One, and the chief objection made to this
bill is that negroes are not sufficiently intelli-
gent to exercise the right of suffrage. I have
to say that they possess intelligence enough to
distinguish between their friends and their
enemies. They have intelligence enough to
distinguish between the friends and enemies of
the country. Does it take any more intelli-
gence to know where to stand in the political
controversies of the day than it did to know
where to stand, on which side, during the late
convulsion in tnis country ? Sir, the people of
the" United States are divided into two great
political parties. Suppose the negroes should
be invested with the right of suffrage and
should, attach themselves to the Democratic
party. I presume the honorable Senator would
sot claim that theu- ignorance in that way would
