1866.
iMi mmmmmm globe
Bf
do the country any particular harm. Suppose
they should attach themselves to the Repub-
lican or Union party, then their votes in my
judgment would only strengthen the loyal and
patriotic sentiment of the country.. They would
undoubtedly belong to one or the other of these
parties.
Sir, I remember that when it was proposed
so emancipate the slaves itwas said that such
*. policy would pour a flood-tide of ignorance
and barbarism upon the country that would
cause its ruin. - When it'was proposed to give
negro® the ri^ht to be witnesses in a court of
justice a similar Objection was made. Men
trusted these negroes in the ordinary transac-
tions of life; -trusted their word; trusted them
with the charge of their property and affairs;
but when a negro crossed the threshold of a
court of justice to tell there what he had seen
and heard then it was assumed that he-had no
more capacity or integrity than a dog! When
it was proposed to make him a soldier this
same outcry was made, and so Step by step the
prejudices against this class of people iiave
been broken down, and it is legitimate reason-
ing to conclude that if suffrage is extended to
these negroes no more evil will follow from
that than from the other acts by which they
have been advanced and improved in this
country. Let us try this experiment. I believe
that it will be found advantageous- to all con-
cerned. To pretend to have a Government
founded upon the consent of the governed, to
pretend to have a Constitution that recognizes
the inalienable right of man to life, liberty, and
property, .and inen to deny to millions of
eitizens in this country any part of that consent,
any power, to protect then Efe, liberty, and
property, is an inconsistency upon which a
republican Government can hardly stand.
Let us, sir, extend to these people these
rights which they claim and which I think they
ought to possess, and vindicate, as I have no
doubt we shall, that the surest and safest and
best foundation for republican institutions is
equal and exact justice to all men.
Mr. COWAN. Mr. President, I have only
to add that fhe honorable Senator from Oregon
might have concluded his speech by saying
"and to all women," because he has not been
using the word "man" as a generic term, as
that which includes mankind, but he has been
arguing for the male especially.
Mr. President, I had not intended to say
anything on this subject beyond what I offered
to the Senate yesterday evening, and I should
not do so if it were not for the suggestion of a
friend, and I am glad to say a friend who be-
lieves as I do, that it is the general supposi-
tion that I am not serious and not in earnest
in the amendment which I have moved'; and
I only rise now for the purpose of disabusing
the minds of Senators ana others from any
impression they may have had of that sort.
I am perfectly free to admit that I have al-
ways been opposed to change. I do not know
why it is. Whether I have felt myself old or
not, I have not ranged myself in the category
of "old fogies" as yet. Although I feel an
indisposition.io exchange the "ills we suffer"
for "those we know not of," and am not desir-
ous to launch myself away from that which is
ascertained and certain, and adventure myself
upon a sea of experiment, at the same time I
feel as much of that strength, that elasticity,
that vigor, and that desire for the advancement
of my race, my countrymen, and my kind as
anybody can feel. I yield to no one in that
respect. All I have asked, and all I have de-
sired heretofore, iS that we go surely. I believe
with my fathers and my ancestors that to base
suffrage upon the white males of twenty-one
years of age and upward was a great stride in
the world's affairs; that it would be well for
the world if its government could progress,
could advance upon that basis, and that all the
"rest of the world who'did not happen to be
white males of the age of twenty-one years and
upward could very well afford to stand back
and witness the effect of our experiment.
I wtts of that opinion, I.lived in the light of
it, and I rejoiced in its success; and when I
saw this rebellion, when I witnessed the dif-
ferences of opinion which convulsed this part
of the continent, when I saw the fact that one
half of the United States was upon the one side
and the other half upon the other side as to the
understanding of the true theory of this Gov-
ernment of ours, simple as it may be to the
lawyer, complex as it may be -when examined
more thoroughly, I was more than ever disin-
clined to widen the suffrage, to intrust the. fran-
chise to a larger number of people. I trembled
for the success of the experiment; I hesitated
as to where it would end. I may say, Mr. Pres-
ident, that I hesitate yet. The question is by
no means settled, the difficulty is by no means
ended, the controversy is by no mes^is yet con-
eluded.
But the first step taken, from the very initia-
tive of that step, f have announced my ground
and my determination. When a bill was up
here before propoging to enlarge and widen the
franchise in this District, I stated that if negroes
were to vote I would persist in opening the door
to females. I said that if the thing was to be
taken away from the feudal realms and from
feudal reasons, which went on the idea that the
man who bore arms, and he alone, was entitled
to the exercise of political power, and if it was
to be put upon the ground of logic, and if we
were to be asked to give a reason for it, and
if we were to be compelled to give that reason,
I said then, and I say now, " If I have no
reason to offer why a negro man shall vote I
have no reason to offer why a white woman
shall not vote." If the negro man is interested
in the Government of the country, if he cannot
trust to the masses of the people that the Gov-
ernment shall be a fair and just Government
and that it shall do right to him, then the
woman is also interested that this Government
shall be fair to woman and fair to the interests
of woman. Why not, Mr. President? Are
not these interests equal to those of the negro
and of his race ?
I know it has been said that the woman is
represented by her husband, represented by
the male; and yet we know how she has been
represented by her husband in by-gone times;
we know how she is represented by her bar-
barian husband; and let him who wants to
know how she is represented by her civilized
husband go to her speeches made in the recent
womans' rights convention. We know how
she has been represented by her barbarian
husband in the past and is even at the present.
She bears his burdens, she bears his children,
she nurses them, she does his work, she chops
his wood, and she grinds his corn; while he,
forsooth, by virtue of this patent of nobility
that he has derived, in consequence of his
masculinity, from Heaven, confines himself to
the manly occupations of hunting and fishing
and war. # ^
I should like to hear my honorable friend
from Maine, [Mr. Morrill,] so apt, so per-
tinent, so eloquent on all questions, discourse
upon the title which the male derives in conse-
quence of the fact that he has been a fisher
and a hunter and a warrior all the time ; and
then I should like to know how he would dis-
criminate between that fisher and hunter and
warrior and those Amazons who burnt their
right breasts in order that they might the more
readily draw the bow and against whose onset
no troops of that day were able to stand. I
should also like to know from him how it was
that the female veterans of the army of Daho-
mey recently, within the last three or four years,
in the face of an escarpment that would have
made European veterans, ay, and I might say
American veterans, tremble, scrambled over
that escarpment and carried the city sword in
hand.
Now, Mr. President it is time that we look
at these things, and that we look them full in
the face. I am always glad and willing to stand
upon institutions, to stand upon institutions
that have been established in the past, that
have been sanctified by time, that have given
to men liberty and protection with which they
were satisfied. But, sir, when the time comes
that we are to make a step forward, then , an-
other and different question arises. I am
utterly astonished at my honorable friend from
Rhode Island who doubted my sincerity in
this movement. Why should I not be sincere ?
Have I not as many "interests at stake as he has?
Ay, and one wqre, because I.understand ha 13
a Widower, and I have a wife in fulHife., Why
should I not be in earnest ?
I , beg, my honorable friends, especially on
my right, to remember that Radicals are not
in the same category with, poefs. Poets a®
born; poela nascitur,nonfit; but Radicals JK,
they are made, and when the time comes I am
a Radical, too, along with "my fellow-Senators
here. By what warrant do they suppose that
I am not interested in the progress of therace?
Do they suppose that I am inore desirous of
Tophet than they are, that I love diabolism
better than they do? That is an arrant jpre-
sumption that nobody—I was going to say no
honest man—would make; I will say no fair
politician would make. If the thing is to
bettered, I want to better it. The question is
how. I have hesitated; I jb.ave held back; I
have doubted, and all that kind of .thing; bni
I am told that the matter is settled now, the
verdict of the country at the late election has
determined that there shall be progress. Well,
what is that progress to be ? I am not disposed
to be a martyr. However earnestly I might
worship before the shrine of Juggernaut, I
have no disposition to lie down and allow his
car to run over me and crush me beneath its
ponderous wheels. The simplest instincts of.
common sense would teach a man better than
that.
Now, that my seriousness, my earnestness,
and my sincerity should be questioned, ana
especially by a ccclebS, in this case, is most
extraordinary, and I have no doubt that my
friend from Rhode Island^ when he comes for
a moment to reflect upon it, will offer the most
ample apology, which I am free to state here
in advance that I am willing to receive.
[Laughter.]
My honorable friend from Oregon [Mr.
Williams] thinks this is entirely preposterous.
I have no doubt he does, and I give him all
credit for honesty and sincerity in the remarks
that he has made; but the trouble with him is,
and with a great many others—perhaps it is
with myself upon some subjects—is that he
directs his gaze too long upon a particular
point. It is remafkable that when a man who
looks long and steadily upon one subject to the
exclusion of every other, that subject at last
becomes to him the universe itself. I have
met fellow-politicians, fellow-Senators, and
fellow-coworkers in the great battle of life,
who really had so long contemplated one sub-
ject that it was not within their capacity to see
any others.
I agree that my brother from Oregon is a fit
exponent of the wrongs of the negroes. He
has looked upon that subject, he has examined
it in all its length and breadth, he knows it in
detail. I have only to say to him that if he
would look upon the miseries of any other por-
tion of the human family, if he would look,
for instance, on the miseries of Senators, and
concentrate his gaze upon them, think of the
enormous amount of "boring" they have to
undergo, think of the enormous amount of
worrying they have to submit to, and think
of the troubles of this, that, and the other
kind which attend upon a Senator's life, I
have no doubt he might be extremely eloquent
in depicting them, and might, perhaps, do
some good by deterring young Americans
from adventuring in such a career as it fur-
nishes to them in the vista of human enjoyment.
There is no situation in life which is exempt
from these things ; and the only fault I have
to find with his speech is in the fact that he
concentrates himself entirely upon the African;
he confines his gaze to him j he supposes that
he is the only injured man m the world; and
what is singular about it, he confines his gaze
to him upon this continent. If he had turned
