§8
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 1L,
back to the last book of Dr. Livingstone and
to the last book of Mr. Baker and to the last
accounts we have of Africa generally, he might
have come to the conclusion that however bad
and wicked the American people were in taking
this "race from Africa and making them slaves,
yet that in reality they had made them better
than they were at home. The King of Da-
homey upon his inauguration was expected to
Sacrifice seven thousand slaves as a great ova-
tion, as a great immolation in favor of the
sovereignty of that nation and its accession to
him; and when he came to the conclusion that
he would only sacrifice three thousand and that
he would sell the other four thousand in order
to raise the expenses of the pageant, perhaps
the Senator on full consideration thinks that
the king was not such an inhuman fellow after
all, and that clearly those four thousand slaves
who were sold away to America to:be brought
iw contact with Christianity, to be brought in
contact with anti-slavery societies, and with
the efforts of'anti-slavery people, and with the
efforts of godly people to train them in the
way of life, and to furnish them with tracts
and Bibles and all those things which would
enable them to reach a better world, that these
four thousand were far better off than the
three thousand other poordevilswho had then-
heads cut off to famish a eeremony for a
king's pageant and for an'inauguration day.
I say that all these things ought to be taken
into the;account by my honorable friend from
Oregon that his view might be widened a little.
But it unfortunately happens that in this
world there are others besides the negro who
suffer. Wh'en you have told of the injuries and
outrages which prevail on the earth in regard
to the negro you have not finished. Another,
and in my judgment a much more important
personage, comes upon the scene; she lifts the
curtain and reveals to you a new drama^and
she tells you distinctly that you have not only
been tyrannizing over your brother, your sable
brother, your brother' at the other end of the
national antipodes, your troublesome antipathic
brother; you have not only been drenching the
earth from the East to the far West with the
blood of savages of a different color from yours;
you have not only left your blood-stained marks
in Japan, in China, in the East Indies, every-
where, and in the West where one of your
Christian bishops boasted that six million Mex-
icans at one time had been sacrificed, and what
for'/ To make them Christians; to make the
rest Qhristians after the six millions had gone.
I say this new personage who makes her appear-
ance upon the drama of human affairs informs
you that you and your religion, under thereon
from one end to the other of it. What for ?
To give her liberty. She complains to-day;
she complains in your most intelligent high
places; she complains in your most refined
cities; she complains in your halls decorated
with a more than Grecian beauty of architect-
ure; she complains where all of past civiliza-
tion, all of past adornment, and all of past.edu-
cation comes down to satisfy us that we stand
upon the very acme of human progress"; she
complains that you have been tyrant to her.
Mr. President, let me read from the proceed-
ings of the twenty-ninth annual meeting of the
Pennsylvania Anti-Slavery Society.' I propose
to read from the remarks of Mrs. Gage, a woman,
a lady, a lady of brain and intellect, of courage
and force ; and whether I am in earnest or not,
whether I may be charged with being serious
or not, no man dare charge Mrs. Gage with not
being serious. I will read from Mrs. Gage,
therefore: •
"Mrs.Francis D. Sage said: 'I have read speeches
and heard a great deal said about the right of suffrage
for the freedmen/"
So have we all, Mr. President; and the
probability is that we have been 'even more
afflicted—if that can be said to be k punish-
ment, and there is very great difficulty now to
ascertain what is punishment in this'worid.
If that can be said to be a punishment, I think
this Senate can with at least equal propriety
with Mrs. Gage complain of its extraordinary
infliction upon them without any previous trial
and conviction. [Laughter.]
"What does it mean? Does it mean the malefreed-
man only, or does it mean the freedwoman also? I
was glad to hear the voice of Miss Anthony in behalf
of her sex."
I am glad, Mr. President, that we have a
male of that name in this body who emulates
the virtues of his more humble sister, [laugh-
ter,] and stands up equally here for the broad
rights of humanity as she does.
"I know it is said that this is bringing in anew
issue."
Yes, that is what was said about me yester-
day evening. Gentlemen said it was a new
issue; we iiad not talked about this thing here
before; nobody had thought about it. Why
had nobody thought about it? Because nobody
was thinking about the actual, real sufferings
which human beings were subjected to in this
world. Persons thought about such things
just in proportion as they reflected themselves
upon their future political career. If it be-
came necessary in order to elect a dozen
Senators to this body this winter, that the
women, should be treated as women ought to
be treated, that they should be put upon an
equal footing with the men in all respects and
enjoy equal rights with men, then I should
have great hopes of carrying my amendment
and carrying it in spite of everybody, because
then and in that light it would be seen by
Senators, and they would be thereby guided.
" I know it is said that this is bringing in a new
issue. We must bring in new issues."
Now, I want to know what the honorable
Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Wiesox]
will say when he finds me advocating this new
issue that must be brought in while he lags
behind. My honorable friend from Delaware
[Mr. Saulsbury] will have immensely more
the advantage of him to-day than he had yes-
terday if he dares lag, because I put the ques-
tion to him now distinctly, and I do not leave
it to his sense of propriety as to whether he
shall speak or not speak on this question: I
demand that he do speak. I demand that that
voice which has been so potential, that voice
which has had so much of solemn, I do not say
sepulchral, wisdom in it heretofore, shall now be
heard on the one side or the other of this im-
portant question, which involves the fate, the
destiny, the liberty of one half of the people
who inhabit this continent. I know from the
generous upswelling of the bosom, which I
almost perceive from here, in my brother, that
he will respond to this sentiment, and that the
response will be one of which his State and her
progress, having two negroes in the Legislature
now, [laughter,] will be proud. I feel assured
of it, and I feel that when suffering humanity in
any shape or form, whether it be male or female,
whether it be black or white, red or yellow,
appeals to him, the appeal will not be in vain,
but that he will come to the rescue, and that
he will strike the shield of the foremost knight
on the other side and defy him to the combat.
" Wc must {said Mrs. Gage] bring in new issues. I
sat in the Senate Chamber last winter."
And now Ibegpardon of my honorable friend
from Massachusetts, the other Senator from
Massachusetts, [Mr Sttm:xer,] for any offense
that I may do to his modesty ; but when I come
to consider the recent change which has taken
place in his life and habits I am the better
assured that he will endure it. At any other
time, I should not have dared to introduce this
quotation.
" I sat in the Senate Chamber last winter, [said
Mrs. Gago. Last winter, remember!] and hoard
Charles Scsinek's srand speech, which the whole
country applauded."
And, Mr. President, they did, too, and they
did it properly. It was a great, a grand, and
a glorious speech; it was the ultimate of all
speeches in that direction; and I, too, ap-
plauded with the country, although I, too, might
not have agreed in every part of the speech. I
might not have agreed with the speech in gen-
eral, but it was a great, grand, proud, high,
and intellectual effort, at which every American
might applaud, and I pardon Mrs. Gage for
the manner in which she speaks of it. She has
not excelled me in the tribute which I offer
here to the honorable Senator from Massachu-
setts, and which I am glad to lay at his feet.
X sat in the Senate Chamber last winter, andheard
Charles Sumner's grand speech while the whole
country applauded: and I heard him declare that
taxation without representation was tyranny to the
freedman.
That was the ring of that speech; that was
its key-note; it was the same key-note which
stirred his forefathers in 1776 ; it was the same
bugle-blast which called them to thefield ofLex-
ington and Bunker Hill ninety years ago; and it
is no wonder that Mrs. Gage picks that out as
being the residuum, that which was left upon
her ear of substance after the music of the hon-
orable Senator's tones had died away, after the
brilliancy of his metaphors had faded, after the
light which always encircles him upon this sub-
ject had gone away. It is no wonder that all
that remained of it was that taxation without
representation was tyranny. Let me commend
it to the honorable Senator with his keen eye,
his good taste, his appreciation of that which
is effective and that which strikes the American
heart to the core; let me commend it to him
who desires to be the idol of that heart.
"When"—
Now, Mr. President, sic transit gloria
mundi—
"When I afterwards found that he meant only
tyranny to the male sex, I learned that Charges
Sumner fell far short of the great idea of liberty."
All this outpouring, all this magnificent burst
of eloquence, all this eclecticcombination drawn
from all the quarters of the earth, all the sub--
lime talk about the ballot, was merely meant
for the question of trousers and petticoats 1
"Tyranny to the male sex," says Mrs. Gage,
and now she goes on, and this is right to the
point. The proposition here is togive to the male
freedman a vote and to ignore the female freed*
woman, to be tautological.
'* I know something of the freedwomen South. Maria
—X do not know that she had any other name—when
liberated from slavery at Beaufort went to work and
before the year was out she had laid up $1,000."
That is a magnificent Maria, that is a practi-
cal Maria. She puts Sterne's Maria and all
other Marias, except Ave Maria, in the shade.
[Laughter.]
" I never heard of any southern white making
$1,000 in a year down there. Shall Maria pay a tax
and have no voice?"
Shall Maria pay a tax and have no voice
where the principle is admitted, where the prin-
ciple is thundered forth, where it is axiomatic,
where none dare gainsay it, that taxation with-
out representation is tyranny? " Shall Maria
pay a tax and have no voice?" That ist the
question. That, Mr. President, i3 the question
before the Senate.
" Old Betty"—
There is not so much of the classic, not so
much of the euphonious, not so much of the
salca rosa about Betty as about Maria—
"Old Betty, whilo under my charge, cleared more
than the amount free from taxation, and I presume
is worth $3,000 to-day."
Think of Betty!
'Is she to be taxed in South Carolina to support
the aristocracy?"
Betty lives in South Carolina, it seems.
" Will you be just, or will you be partial to theend
of time?
The marriago relation was alluded to by Miss
Anthony." . -
And here is a most important part, to which
I would direct the attention of my brother
Senators as fundamental, fundamental in two
respects—fundamental in the testimony it fur-
nishes of the character of those you now pro-
pose to invest with the right of suffrage, funda-
amental in its character as to the use which they
will make of it as to one half of the people who
are in this bill presumed to be the objects of
your especial care:
"The marriage relation was alluded to by Miss
Anthony. When the positive order was sent to ma
to compel the marriage of the colored people tmng
