824
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
tain his life, and to clothe and lodge him
and his family, and of the elements of the
price of his labor, and every article which he
uses, they are directly or incidentally heavily
taxed; and the amount of accumulating taxes
which this consumer has ultimately to pay con-
stitute the greater part of the cost of the sub-
sistence Of himself' and his family; and it has
all to be saddled upon his labor. If you w"ould
unfetter him from this slavery and give him
cheap and full and sure subsistence, remove
the taxes from those articles which form it.
In the same proportion that you abolish or
reduce those taxes you reduce the price of his
labor'and cheapen production. You do not
impoverish him by reducing his labor, because
even at his present high rate of wages the most
are consumed by the payment of taxes, and
he has little or no surplus of profit. The true
statesman would relieve the laborers and con-
sumers of our country from their difficulties
by abolishing their taxes. To the extent of
between one hundred and two hundred million
dollars it is your duty to abolish their taxes ;
they have the right and will demand it of you,
and unless you accord it to them they will put
other men in your places who will.
The honorable Senator from Missouri made
other remarks which ought to arrest the atten-
tion of the Senate and receive its most serious
consideration: that one of the principal ele-
ments of the enormous prices of everything in
the United States is our redundant currency.
We now have an exclusive paper currency of
upward of $900,000,000. Is not that an ex-
cessive currency, greatly beyond the demands
of a healthy condition of the country and of its
♦ legitimate business? How can prices come
down in the presence of such an enormous and
spurious currency? "We all know, as the Sen-
ator remarked, that the currency of the world
is gold and silver, and that people who would
enter into its trade and business generally on
terms of fair competition must also have a
similar currency. The idea of one people
having a vicious, inflated, and irredeemable
paper currency, in amount two or three times
greater than the aggregate of gold currency
that would be needful and useful for the busi-
ness of the country, entering into an equal and
successful competition with the great manufac-
turing and commercial nations of the woild
who have a metallic currency, is prepostSrous.
Our paper currency was not intended to answer
the purposes of times of peace. It was the
straits and necessities of the war that induced
the Government and people to resort to a paper
currency. That great need has passed, and it
is time that the Government and the country
were adopting measures for the resumption of
specie payments.
No paper currency will ever answer the
necessities of a circulating medium unless it is
convertible at the pleasure of the holder. No
gentleman would want our country to come
back to that condition suddenly. But, sir, to
reach it at all, there must be a beginning, and
now is the^ time, and in my judgment the ap-
propriate time, to make the beginning. I think
that Congress ought to second the views and
policy of the Secretary of the Treasury in rela-
tion to the return to specie payments. I
would^ not have it suddenly done. I would
have it proceed very slowly and gradually, so
as to permit no great disorders in the business
of the country and to cause no ruinous losses,
0r a*i., as a number of persons as
possible. But let a tendency toward the re-
sumption of specie payments now be entered
upon, and let the enlightened statesmen of
Congress and of the country determine that in
the course of four or five years that condition
of things shall be reached; in the course of
that time the resumption of specie payments
could be made so gradual that no prudgrit
man's interests need be materially affected.
But, sir, a return to specie payments can
never be made without producing more or less
of disorder and bankruptcy. Some men must
fell, and a great many before such an opera-
tion. It is a necessity, though^ to resume
specie payments, an absolute indispensable
necessity. The true, wise policy is to resume
them so gradually and to reach that result with
such slow approaches that the smallest number
of individuals will be injured in their circum-
stances and business by it. That policy sooner
or later must be undertaken and it must be
consummated. This Congress, with all its
puissance, cannot long delay that day.
As one of the operations for the resumption
of specie payments, as well as for the relief of
the people from grievous burdens of taxation
and the great charge which is thus made upon
their industry, the Committee on Finance, in
my opinion, ought to consider the whole ques-
tion of revenue and protection in connection
with every act of Congress imposing taxes in
every form, whether by internal excise or
duties upon foreign imports, and they ought to
fashion and adjust all such measures together.
They ought to be settled upon the principle of
relieving the people of the United States, I
would say from §150,000,000 of taxes, and
then Congress would be enabled to determine
with better judgment how much of protection
against foreign imports the industry of the
country requires by being brought to the scale
upon which internal taxation should be ad-
justed.
I therefore, Mr. President, move the Seiiate
to recommit the bill under consideration to the
Committee on Finance, to examine and con-
sider it in connection with the laws to provide
internal revenue and the laws imposing duties
on foreign importation; and that said com-
mittee report bills reducing the aggregate
amount of taxes imposed by said laws upon
the people by at least $100,000,000.
_ The 1 RESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Ken-
tucky to recommit the bill to the Committee
on Finance with the instructions moved by him.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask for the yeas and nays
on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. GRIMES. I call for a division of the
proposition.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Towa asks that the motion be divided.
It is susceptible of division, and the first ques-
tion will be taken on the motion to recommit;
and the next on the instruction proposed to the
committee.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish simply to say
that it would be useless to recommit the "bill
without instructions, because we should proba-
bly report the bill back as it is; and the effect
of recommitting with the instructions proposed
would be that we should not be able to report
the bill again at this session in time for action.
Mr. GRIMES. When I asked for a division
of the question I did not mean or desire that
it should be divided as the Presiding Officer has
directed that it should be divided. I meant to
divide the clauses of the instructions. I should
like to see this bill recommitted; or if it can-
not be recommitted, I should like to see it post-
poned until we can have an opportunity of
seeing the character of the bill which is said to
be under consideration in'the other branch of
Congress, regulating the internal duties that
are to be placed on manufactures and other
things. It seems to me that is the place where
we should begin; that is the bill which should
first be taken into consideration; and after we
have passed upon that we shall be prepared to
vote understandingly on this tariff bill.
The PRESIDENT^ro tempore. The Chair
did not mean to limit the Senator from Iowa
by the decision he made as to the motion to
recommit. It is competent for the Senator to
move to amend the instructions proposed by
striking out any portion of them tfr adding to
them at his pleasure.
Mr. GRIMES. I was going to say that I
am in favor of the first clause of the instruc-
tions proposed by the Senator from Kentucky;
but whether it is advisable to instruct the com-
mittee to reduce the amount that shall be levied
under the internal and external taxes to the
extent of $100,000,000 per annum or not I
cannot now say. _ I would rather have some
expression of opinion from the committee on
that subject, without undertaking by any sort
of declaration of this kind to bind them to any
specific amount. I shall therefore vote for the
motion of the Senator from Kentucky, if we
can have a division of the instructions proposed
by him.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is com-
petent for the Senator from Iowa to move to
strike out any portion of the proposed instruc-
tions by way of amendment.
Mr. GRIMES. Then I move to amend the
motion by striking out the latter clause of the
instructions—so much as relates to the specifie
amount of the proposed reduction of taxation
—unless the Senator chooses to withdraw that
part of his motion.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not think I have any
objection to the proposition of the Senator
from Iowa'.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Kentucky accept the proposed
i&6dification of his motion?
Mr. DAVIS. I will make a remark first. I
think thait all the revenue bills ought to be con-
sidered together by the Committee on Finance.
I think it would be more convenient, and it
Would more certainly secure a wise adjustment
of our revenue system, internal and external,
to llaive all branches of the subject considered
together by the Committee oil Finance. 1 think
that if all the laws imposing internal revenue
and all the laws imposing duties upon foreign
imports were considered together it would be
wise. They belong to the same system of rev-
enue. It is true, the features are different; but
they are so intimately connected and blended
together that it is impossible wisely to adjust
one except upon consideration of and in the
closest connection with the other. I there-
fore hope that it will be the sense of the Senate
that its Committee on Finance shall not con-
sider the two subjects apart; that the present
bill shall be delayed until the bill regulating
internal revenue comes from the House, and
that the Senate will then instruct the Commit-
tee on Finance to consider them together and
to report proper bills, and understanding their
mutual connection with each other.
In the instructions which I moved I did not
propose to restrict the committee to a reduc-
tion of only $100,000,000: I proposed that the
reduction should be at least to that extent.
But when the estimates of the Treasury Depart-
ment show that only about three hundred and
twenty-eight million dollars will be necessary
for the whole service of the year, and also
show that under the existing laws the aggregate
produce of the revenue will be $540,000,000,
it seems to me that there cannot be a reason-
able doubt that a greater reduction than $100,-
000,000 could be made in the aggregate taxa-
tion. I accept the modification proposed by
the Senator from Iowa, by striking out of the
instructions moved by me the last clause rela-
tive to the amount of redaction.
Mr. HENDERSON. As the motion now
stands I really think the Senate ought to
adopt H. I feel satisfied that it is the proper
disposition of this measure. I appreciate the
difficulties under which the Committee on
Finance have labored, and I am not at all sur-
prised that they have failed to report a tariff
bill that is satisfactory to every interest in the
United States. That is an utter impossibility.
Taking the bill altogether, it is, on the prin-
ciple upon which it is based, a good bill; but
the principle itself, in my judgment, is wrong.
We are attempting to increase, when, in my
judgment, if we touch the tariff «t all, we ought
to decrease the rates. What the country wants
is a decrease of the excise taxes, in my judg-
ment. 1 think that is perfectly clear; it is one
of those things that can be demonstrated; and
I think we should act on that question before
we dispose of this bill. I say so without mean-
ing to put a single clog in the way of the pas-
