00
TMm WN&RSSSIOFAL Grl/OB^.
they have exhibited in listening to what I had
to say."
, Mr, MORRILL. . Mr. President, the hon-
orable Senator began by saying that-he was in
earnest, and he concludes by affirming the
same thing. Doubtless he'had made the im-
pression upon his own mind that after sill he
had said there might be a. doubt, in the minds ,
of the Senate,on that point. . Does any one
who has heard-the speeeh, somewhat extraor-
dinary, of the, honorable Senator Oppose that,
he is.at, all in earnest or sincere hi.a single
sentiment he has uttered on this subject ? I
db not imagine he believes thai any, one.here
is-idle enough for a moment to suppose so.
Now,-his attempt at being facetious Has not;
been altogether a failure. .1 think he has suc-
ceeded in being amusing; he has evidently
amused himself; and if, he. could afford the
sacrifice I admit, he has amused the galleries'
and probably most of us j but that he has con-
vinced anybody that he was arguing to enlighten
the Senate or the public min.d on a question
which he says is important, he does not believe
and" he does, not expect anybody else to believe
it. If it is true, as he intimates,, that he is
desirous of becoming a Radical, I am not clear
that I should not be willing to accept his ser-
vice, although there - is a good deal to be
repented of oefore he can be taken into full
confidence. [Laughter.]
When.a man has seen the error of his ways
and confesses it, what more is there to be done
except to receive him seventy and seven times?
Now if this is an indication that the honorable
Senator means to, out-radical the Radicals,
"Come on, Maeduff," nobody will object pro-
yided you can show us you are sincere. That
is the point. If it is mischief y.ou are at, you
will haye a hard time to get ahead/ While we
are radical we, mean to' Relational. While we
intend to give every male citizen of the United
States the. rights common to all, we do not in-
tend to be forced by our enemies into a position
so ridiculous and absurd as to be broken down
utterly on that question, and who ever comes
here in the guise of a Radical arid undertakes
to practice that probably will not make much
by the motion. I am not surprised that those
of our friends who went out from us and have
been feedi ng on the husks desire to get in ahead;
but I am surprised-at the-indiseretion and the
want of common sense exercised in making so
profound a plunge at once! If these gentlemen
desire to be taken into companionship and
restored to good standing, I am the first man to
reach out the hand and say, "Welcome back
again, so that you are repentant and regen-.
erated;" but sir, I am thel&stman toallowthat
you shall indorse what you call radipalism for
{he purpose of breaking down cneasures which
we propose!
So much for the radicalism of my honorable
friend. Now, sir, what is the sincerity of this
proposition? What is the motive of my hon-
orable friend in introducing it? Is it to per-
fect this "bill? Is it to vindicate-a principle in
which he believes? 'Not ^bit of it." - Il ls the
.olddevice of the .enemy—if .y.ou want to de-
feat a measure, make it as hateful and odious
and absurd as possible and you have done it.
.That is the proposition. Does he believe in
"the absolute right of women to vote ? Not a
bit of it, for he has said here time and again
in the beginning, middle, and end of his dis-
course that he does not believe a word of it.
Mr. COWAN. And never did.
Mr. MORRILL. He says it is no natural
right, whatever either to man or woman and
therefore he does not stand here to vindicate a
right.
Mr. COWAN. I should like to ask the
honorable Senator whether he believes it is a
natural right either in man or woman.
Mr. MORRILL. I have said distinctly on
a former occasion that I did not; and there-
fore I am not to be put in the attitude of so
arguing. The Senator does nol^ belie-ve Jthat;
he is not here urging a principle in which he
fciejieves. ■ What is he doing? Trying_ to do.
infoebiqfc trying to make somebody believe he"
December
iff sincere. That is labor lost here. It will not
succeed of course.
Now, what is his position? "I do not believe
in woman suffrage, and do not "believe in negro
suffrage, but if you will insist upon male negro
suffrage I will insist upon woman negro suf-
frage. '' That is his position exactly. '' If you
insist that the male negro shall vote I insist the:
female shall." That is his attitude, nothing
more nor less. Mr. President, I do hot think
there is much force,in the position. He has
not offered an argument on the subjeet. He
has read from a paper. He has introduced here
the discourse of some Iadies in some section of
the country npon what they esteem to be their
own rights, in illustration.; that is all; not as
argument; he does not offer it as an argument,
but to illustrate his theme and to put us-in an
attitude, as he supposes, of embarrassment on
that subject. He has read papers which are'
altogether foreign from his view of this subject,
and which he for a moment will not indorse.
He offers these as an illustration with a view
of illustrating his side of the question, and
particularly with a view of embarrassing this
measure. .
I think that is all there is in the Senator's
proposition, and so I leave it. But -while I am
up I will advert, to save calling the attention
of the Senate to it again, to that part of his
argument yesterday which was addressed to the
amendment proposed to the bill whereby those
who had been engaged in rebellion were to be
restricted in this right. My honorable friend
is an astute and able and critical lawyer, and
whftn he talks law here he is bound to talk as
a lawyer; he ought to talk as a lawyer; but he
will allow me t6 say that all his talk on that
subject was not lawyer-like; he did not talk in
the language of the law, he did not talk on the
principles of the law, the fundamental, cardinal
principles of the law; he did not talk even the
ordinary principles common to the very tyros
of the law. He undertook to convince the Sen-
ate that you could not do this thing because it
would be ex post facto, absolutely against the
Constitution of the United States, as it would
inflict a punishment on the man who was de-
prived of the exercise of the right to vote. On
what principle, allow me to ask the honorable
Senator, would that be true ?
Mr. COWAN. Go on; I will show when
you get through.
Mr. MORRILL. You are coming! Well,
sir, is it a punishment in the nature of a pen-
alty to say that a man who has enjoyed a priv-
ilege shall no longer enjoy it? That is all
there is of this. On the argument of the hon-
orable Senator, the right of voting is not a na-
tural right; it is one which society confers or
withholds as it pleases. It confers it upon just
whom it will and withholds it from wham it
will. There being no right of course there is
no punishment. The honorable Senator talked
upon that subjeet as if we were inflicting a pen-
alty and a punishment by simply saying that
those persons who had gone out from among
us and engaged in treason, rebellion, civil war,
insurrection, and had forfeited affrights, shall
not hereafter be intrusted with the exercise of
certain civil and political rights! That I insist
is a perfect answer to all that my honorable
friend said on that subject yesterday. It is not
a penalty; it is not a punishment in the sense
of punishment; it is simply saying to those who
have by their conduct forfeited the confidence
of the community, "You may no longer exer-
cise that trust.'' That is all there is of it. So
my honorable friend will pardon me for say-
ing that I think with all his conceded brilliant
attainments in the law, his great ability and
learning and aeuteness, he did not talk in the
language of the law when he was up yesterday.
Mr. President, I had no intention of detain-
ing the Senate when I rose.
Mr. COWAN. Mr. President, I had not
intended to say anything further, but I certainly
did not" suppose that I should be assailed by
the honorable Senator from Maine upon the
suttjeet of my law; and particularly I did not
suppose that he, the champion as he supposes
of his wing of the party, would do it. Ho says
that to deprive a man of the right of suffrage is
not a punishment. Is it not a punishment
when you make it a punishment, when you say
that you do it by way of punishment and you
tell why you do it? But he gets off on the
shallow sophism that it not being a natural
right society may take it away from a man.
If the honorable Senator had been disposed to
argue fairly as a lawyer always is—the very
essence of .a lawyer is that he is always "fair,
always maciy, always right up to the point—he
would have remembered that yesterday I dis-
tinguished between his case and mine. He
says voting is not a natural right; it is conven-
tional ; it is bestowed.by society; and if it is
bestowed by society, -cannot society ,take it'
away ? I say certainly society can take it away;
but what I said here was that society can-
not take it away unlawfully; I said that the
Constitution of the United States which was
made to restrain us the same as laws are'made
to restrain the citizen forbids it, and I say you
cannot take - it away here until you alter the
Constitution of the United States. You cannot
in this way deprive the humblest American
citizen of any right Before God, if there is
anything in my country of which I am proud
it is that no power in the country can deprive;
the humblest American citizen of his humblest
right in the face of the law, because in this
country the law is sovereign, not the Congress,
not the President, not the court, but thatsilent,
terrible vox populi of the American people
which we find in the Constitution.
I admit that if the honorable Senator pro-
poses to change the Constitution he can limit
the right of suffrage to whomsoever he pleases;
ho can deprive of it people who have been in
the rebellion and people who have not been in
the rebellion ; he can deprive of it anybody.
But this is not the function that he aspires to
perform here. He proposes here upon the
floor of the Senate, ana in the face of the
American Senate, sworn to stand upon the
Constitution and the laws, to deal with an
American citizen in this District, an American
citizen owing direct and personal allegiance
beyond all question, despite John C. Calhoun,
despite Webster, and despite everybody. No-
body dare deny that the allegiance is direct and
personal in the District. This man, like the
tyrant of old who would have scourged Paul,
comes here and proposes to deprive an Ameri-
can citizen of a right by way of penalty, by
way of punishment, for what? Because he
says he took part in the rebellion. Does he
propose to try him? No, sir, ho does not pro-
pose to try him. He proposes no intervention
by a grand jury of this man's neighbors who
are to be the judges of the testimony, of its
truth, of the probability of the facts. He
proposes no petit jury, no judge learned in the
law, none of the safeguards of American
liberty. He tramples upon them all, runs
right over them all, and proposes to punish an
American citizen, and says it is no punish-
ment. I say, Mr. President, as I said yester-
day, that Caligula was a mild, humane tyrant
compared to this.
Mr. MORRILL. Will the Senator allow me
to ask him a question?
Mr. COWAN. Certainly.
Mr. MORRILL. If this is in the nature of
punishment because it denies to a citizen of
the United States a right, is it in the nature of
punishment to deny that right to the colored
citizen?
Mr. COWAN. I will answer that; and it
is astonishing to me that gentlemen with the
legal as weH as literary acumen of the honora-
ble Senator from Maine cannot see the distinc-
tion. I have said over and over again that in
this-bill of his allowing suffrage to the colored
people he may pick out any number of them
and exclude any number, because thereby he
deprives nobody of any right; and even if he
did he would not bedoing it by way of punish-
ment. The essence of the thing which he pro-
poses to do, of which I complain; is thaj, he
proposes to deprive certain people of thcii
