1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
sage of the bill, if the Senate is disposed to
pass it. I really do not wish to unnecessarily
retard^ the transaction of business ; and, if a
majority of the body desire to pass th^ bill,
they may as well do it at once; but if the con-
trary policy is to prevail, if we are to reduce
the internal taxation and then adjust the tariff
to the excise taxes, this is the proper course
to pursue.
In the remarks I made the other day I indi-
cated that at the proper time, after Senators
had got all their interests fastened upon the
bill, or else when it had been demonstrated
that a majority of the Senators would not con-
sider these special and local interests, and after
the bill had been perfected to the satisfaction
of the Senate and they had fully discovered the
fact that it was not the measure required by
the true and the best interests of the country,
I should move to postpone it until we should
consider the question of internal revenue. The
Committee ou Finance seem to differ with me
as to the general policy. They think there
ought to be an increase of the tariff rates: I
think not. If the Senate has made up its mind
to this effect, of course the bill may as well be
pressed to its passage now. That view is con-
trary to my judgment; and I shall of course
vote for this motion, not because I believe the
Finance Committee has not discharged its
duty, but simply because the bill itself is pred-
icated upon a wrong principle.
If we pass this bill we-may as well make up
our minds at oncc that nothing is to be done
in regard to the excise taxes. It is useless to
speak of a reduction of the excise taxes after
the passage of this bill. A reduction of excise
taxes is but equivalent to an increase of the
tariff in one sense ; and if you reduce the ex-
cise taxes after having increased the tariff the
result will be that, instead of putting the
amount of the reduction of the excise taxes
into the Treasury, we should pay it as a bounty
to the domestic producers. Is not that a clear
proposition? Prices are not going to be re-
duced under this bill; on the contrary its
effect will be to enhance them. If you do
reduce internal taxation after the passage of
this measure, prices will still maintain a higher
rate ; labor will be higher; the raw material
will be higher: everything will be advanced,
making it absolutely essential to keep this
high, stilted condition of affairs in this coun-
try while all of us say that we ought to be
looking to and soon should approach specie
payments. Sir, it is chimerical and idle to talk
about specie payments when we pursue this
system of legislation. We cannot arrive at it
in that way. I do not want to force specie
payments all at once. I think a great many
persons are talking wildly on that subject. I
do not desire to force specie payments in a
moment, but to let the future operations of
business bring about that sta4e of affairs. All
that we have to do is to discharge our duty,
relieve the country of its present burdens in
the shape of excise taxes, which come home
to every manufacturer, come home to every
farmer. Relieve the country from the oppress-
ive weight of those taxes. That being the
burden which holds business down, take it off,
and business springs up as if it had new life,
as if it had new energy. It will be revived
from one end of the countrj' to the other. The
manufacturer will make money and be satis-
fied with the present tariff.
I am represented as having said the other day
that the present tariff is exactly what the country
needs. I said no such thing. I said that this
able committee who have digested the present
bill and placed it before us, after„they have
reduced the internal taxes will be perfectly
able in my judgment to present a tariff bill
founded upon the reductions thus made in the
internal taxation, which will secure the con-
fidence of the country as well as the appro-
bation of this body. That is my judgment,
and therefore I sincerely hope that the Senate
will recommit this measure to the committee.
It is the proper motion. Let it go to the com-
mittee, not with instructions to make any
specific decrease, but to make a partial de-
crease anyhow in internal taxation, because
we do not need the amount that we must col-
lect under the internal revenue law.
I have said that if you adopt this bill you
cannot reduce internal taxation. If you do
not reduce internal taxation you get more
money than you want. Why is it necessary
now to oppress the people of the United States
with high, excessive duties in the shape of ex-
cise taxes for the mere purpose of filling up
the Treasury ? Mr. President, as long as you
increase the prices of labor and material you
cannot arrive at what we all desire, and that is
a contraction of the currency; and as long as
you keep up the present condition of affairs
you cannot secure a better credit for your Gov-
ernment than you have got to-day. Gold, as
has been properly said, is the cheapest article
to-day in the American market, and why ? Be-
cause all of us want specie payments, and gold
tends in that direction. We all want it. Gold
moves more rapidly than other metals. If we
want to bring about that desired state of affairs
let us begin at the right end and reduce inter-
nal taxation, thereby relieving the country.
What'fs the object of filling up the Treasury
with a ^afct amount of currency and gold?
Will any. gentleman tell me? Why are our
public sefcurities to-day less valuable in the
market th£n the English securities? Can any-
body tell frio ? Great Britain has double our
wealth ; but Great Britain has nearly double
our public debt. Her securities stand twenty
per cent, higher in the market than ours, and
her interest is only three per cent., while ours
is six per cent. Does Great Britain undertake
to pay any part of the principal of her debt?
Surely not. She looks to the future to pay the
principal. Is there any man in the United
States in any doubt about the ultimate pay-
ment of our securities? Mr. President, let us
pay the interest on the public debt, and the
principal will be paid in due time. All we
want to do nowis to relieve the burdens of the
community. We have imposed excessive taxes
in .the shape of impost duties and internal du-
ties for the last five or six years, the country
looking forward to the termination of hostil-
ities with the cherished idea that taxes would
then cease, except so far as are necessary to
maintain the credit of the Government; and
now we pursue a system which instead of de-
creasing will increase them,
1 sincerely hope that the Senate will put this
measure back before the committee and let us
act upon the internal revenue laws first. That
is the true plan. If that is not done, the Sen-
ate will find that after debating this bill for
another week or ten days we shall be just
where we are now. with a continual clash of
individual interests.
Mr. SHERMAN. When the honorable Sen-
ator from Kentucky first made this motion I
was not disposed to think it was a serious mat-
ter ; but now I wish, speaking only as a single
Senator, that this should be a test vote. The
Senator from Missouri is correct, that if we
are to debate this bill and load it down with
private interests the sooner we defeat it the
better. Unless the friends of an increased
tariff, in order to promote our industry and to
secure increased revenue, are determined to
stand by it, the bill may as well be killed now
as at any other time. To refer this bill at this
stage of the session is a defeat of the bill.
I have been a little surprised at the course
of the honorable Senator from Iowa. At the
last session we had two bills before the Senate,
one in relation to internal revenue, and the
other in relation to the duties on customs. The
two bills were here together; they were con-
sidered together; this very bill was being con-
sidered in the House while the internal system
of taxation was considered in the Senate. Then,
however, he desired to separate them. He him-
self moved that this identical bill should be
postponed until the present session, at the time
when we had the two bills before us. Now it
seems he thinks we ought to have the two under
consideration at the same time in order to equal-
ize the one with the other. The reference of.
this bill at this stage of the session; and espe-
cially with instructions or intimations that we
must not consider this bill until the House
matures an' internal revenue bill,' is- a defe&fc
of the bill, and might as well So be considered.
My honorable friend from Kentucky is a great
stickler for the' Constitution ; but he proposes
to instruct us substantially to report an internal
revenue bill. The Constitution declares that
all bills for raising taxes shall originate in the
House of Representatives. The Senate haveno
power to introduce a bill to provide for taxes.
We have to await the action of the Souse. We
might, perhaps, by amendments to this bill, add
an internal revenue bill; but it vfould be a vio-
lation of the spirit of the Constitution. We
have to await the action of the House.
If after having this bill before us for months
and months; after having a most patient ex-
amination by an officer of the Government;
after having it fully considered in committee ;
after the committee spending days and weeks
during the holidays, when everybody else was
.enjoying himself, in a patient and laborious
examination of the bill, the Senate now sefr
proper to recommit it, as a master- of course
that is the erid of it for this session. I, for onej
as an individual member of the committee,
have no interest to subserve in this bill; and I
may state that so far as the State of Ohio i3
concerncd perhaps our interests are opposed
to this bill. There is not a single interest em-
braced in this bill that affects my constituents
except the increased duty on wool of four
cents. All the other duties weigh upon us as
consumers. So far as my individual interests
or the interests of my State are concerned we
have none in the passage of this bill. Other
Senators seek to load it down with various
matters for the protection of their local inter-
ests. I, for one, have not offered, and do not
propose to offer, any amendments. As I said
before, there is not a single interest in this bill
that affects favorably my constituents except
it is the slight additional protection on wool.
As Ohio is one of the great wool-growing States,
producing about one sixth of the whole crop,
we shall be benefited to the extent of a pro-
tection of four cents per pound additional duty
on wool. All the other duties weigh upon us
as they do upon the rest of the people of the
United States.
My object in voting for this bill, and the only
reason why I shall vote for it, is because I be-
lieve it will yield us more revenue by the amount
of about ten or twelve million dollars than the
present tariff under present circumstances. My
honorable friend from Missouri says that the
present tariff last year produced $179,000,000,
and during the first quarter of the present year
it produced at about the same rate. Now, I
know he is too shrewd and too intelligent not
to know the reason why during the last two quar-
ters the present tariff has produced so much.
Importations were forced into the country by
the pendency of this bill. Now, there is a
sudden contraction, and either under the old
tariff or under this tariff bill the revenue will
fall off largely. If Senators are willing to take
the responsibility of leaving a probable defi-
ciency in the gold revenue of the country -to
meet'the interest on the public debt let them
do it. I must bear the responsibility with the
rest.
I can only state as one member of the com-
mittee, and perhaps not the most industrious,
because I have not probably been as faithful
as some others—the chairman has had the
chief part of the labor—that this bill has been
considered day by day. after all the benefit of
the labors of the House, after an examination
and report by an officer of the Government
who was especially designated to examine into
this particular subject, with all the information
that could possibly be obtained on the subject,
with interested parties on both sides^ pulling
from diverse views representing their interests
before us, their statements patiently heard and
patiently examined, and if the result of that
deliberation has not produced a bill that in-the
