62
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 11,
and our mothers, I say more to you. I say
you have not demonstrated that it is safe to
confer the franchise upon men just ^emerged
from the barbarism of slavery; I say you have
not demonstrated that it is safe to give the bal-
lot to men who require a Freedmen's Bureau
to take care of them, and who it is not pre-
tended anywhere have that intelligence which
is necessary to enable them to comprehend the
questions which agitate the people of this nation,
and of which the people are supposed to have
an intelligent understanding. 1 say you have
not demonstrated all that; but you have ex-
pressed your* determination. You are deter-
mined to do it, and when you are determined
to do it I want to put along with that element,
that doubtful glement, that ignorant element,
that debased element, thatelementjust emerged
from slavery, I want,you to put along with it
into the ballot-box, to neutralize its poison if
poison there be, to correct its dangers if dan-
ger there be, the female element of the country.
That is my position. If you abandon the
whole project I have no objection. I am will-
ing to rest the safety of the country where it is
and has been so far. I am open to conviction,
open to argument, open to reason even upon
that subject; but I am willing to leave this
• question of suffrage where our fathers left it,
where the world leaves it to-day, where all wise
men leave it. If, however, it is to be opened,
if there is to be a new era, if political power is
to be distributed per capita according to a par-
ticular age, then I am for extending it to women
as well as men. Let me tell the honorable Sen-
ator I am not alone in this opinion; the Sena-
tor from Ohio with me is not alone; one of the
first intellects of this age, perhaps the first man
of the first country of the earth, is of the same
opinion. I allude to John Stuart Mill, of Great
Britain. He is now agitating for this very thing
in England. So that it need not seem surpris-
ing that I should be in earnest in this; and I
trust that after the explanation I have made of
my position and my doctrines, I shall not be
charged either with insincerity or with a desire
to ingratiate myself with the majority of this
hody, with the majority of the people, or with
any one, because thank God I am free from all
entanglements of that kind at this present
speaking, and if I retain my senses I think I
shall keep free.
Mr. WADE. Mr. President, I did not in-
tend to say a word upon this subject, because
on the first day of the last session of Congress
I introduced the original bill now before the
Senate, to which the committee have proposed
several amendments, and that action on my
part I supposed demonstrated sufficiently to
all who might read the bill what were my views
and sentiments upon the question of suffrage ;
and, sir, they are of no sudden growth. I
have always been of the opinion that in a repub-
lican Government the right of voting ought to
be limited only by the years of discretion. I
have always believed that when a person arrived
at the age when by the laws of the country he
was remitted to the rights of citizens, when the
laws fixed the age of majority when the person
was supposed to be competent to manage Bis own
affairs, then he ought to be suffered to partici-
pate in the Government under which he lives,
if or do I believe that any such rule is unsafe.
I imagine that safety is entirely on the other
side, for just in proportion as you limit the
franchise, you create in the same degree an
aristocracy, an irresponsible Government; and
gentlemen must be a little tinctured with a fear
of republican sentiment when they fear the
extension of the right of suffrage.
If I believed, as some gentlemen do, that to
participate in Government required intellect, of
the highest character, the greatest perspicacity
of mind, the greatest discipline derived from
education and experience, I should be con-
vinced that a republican form of government
could not live. It is because I believe that all
that is essential in government for the welfare
gf the community is plain, simple, level with
the weakest intellects, that I am satisfied this
Government ought to stand and will stand for*
ever. Who is it that ought to be protected by
these republican Governments? Certainly it is
the weak and ignorant, who have no other
manner of defending their rights except through
the ballot-box.
The argument for aristocracies and mon-
archies has ever been that the masses of the
people do not know enough to take care of the
high concerns of Government. If they do not,
the human race is in a miserable condition.
If, indeed, the great "masses of mankind; who
are permitted to transact their own business,
are incompetent to participate in government,
then farewell to the republican system of gov-
ernment ; it cannot stand a day; it is a wrong
foundation. Our principles of government are
radically wrong if gentlemen's fears on this
subject are well grounded. Thank God, I know
they are not. I know that all the defects and
evils of our Government have* not come from
the ignorant masses; but the frauds and the
devices of the higher intellects and the more
cultivated minds have brought upon our Gov-
ernment all those scars by which it has been
disfigured.
Why, sir, look at the administration of the
southern governments in the seceded States,
where their public men were advocates of the
doctrine that suffrage should be restricted and
generally that republican Governments were
wrong. I had a great deal of private conver-
sation with the gentlemen who were formerly
in these Halls representing those governments,
and I hardly ever conversed with a single man
of them from that part of the country who
believed that a republican Government could
or ought to stand. Some of them used to say,
'' How can the mechanic, how can the laboring
man understandingly participate in these high
and complicated affairs of Government?"
Those men at heart were aristocrats or mon-
archists ; they did not believe in your repub-
lican Government. I, on the other hand,
believe that the safety of our Government
depends on unlimited franchise, or rather, I
should say, on franchise limited only by that
discretion which fits a man to manage his own
concerns. Let a man arrive at the j'ears of
majority, when the Government and the ex-
perience of the world say that he has attained
to such age and such discretion that it is safe
to intrust him with his own affairs, and then
if he cannot be permitted to participate in the
Government, I say again farewell to republican
government; it cannot stand.
It was for these reasons that when I intro-
duced the original bill I put it upon the most
liberal principle of franchise except as to
females. The question of female suffrage had
not then been much agitated, and I knew the
community had not thought sufficiently upon it
to be ready to introduce it as an element in our
political system. While I am aware of that
fact, I think it will puzzle any gentleman to
draw a line of demarcation between the right
of the male and the female on this subject.
Both are liable to all the laws you pass; their
property, their persons, and their lives are
affected by the laws. Why, then, should not
the females have a right to participate in their
construction as well as the male part of the
community? There is no argument that I can
conceive or that I have yet heard that makes
any discrimination between the two on the ques-
tion of right.
Why should there be any restriction? Is it
because gentlemen apprehend that the^ female
portion of the community are not as virtuous,
that they are not as well calculated to consider
what laws and principles of the government
will conduce to their welfare as men are ? The
great mass of our educated females under-
stand all these great concerns of Government
infinitely better than that great mass of ignor-
ant population from other countries which you
admit to the polls without hesitation.
But, sir, the right of suffrage in my judgment
has bearings altogether beyond any rights of
persons or property that are to be vindicated
by it. I lay it down that in any free commu-
nity, if any particular class of that community
are excluded from this right they cannot main-
tain their dignity; it is a brand of Cain upon
their foreheads that will sink them into con-
tempt, even in their own estimation. My judg-
ment is that if this right was accorded to females
you would find that they would be elevated in
their minds and in their intellects. The best
discipline you can offer them would be to per-
mit and to require them to participate in these
great concerns of Government, so that their
rights and the rights of their children should
depend in a manner upon the way in which
they understand these great things.
What would be the effect upon their minds?
Would it not be, I ask you, sir, to lead them
from that miserable amusement of reading
frivolous books and novels and romances that
consume two thirds of their time now, from
which they learn nothing, and draw their at-
tention to matters of more moment, more sub-
stance, better calculated to well-discipline the
mind? In my judgment it would. I believe
it would tend to educate them as well as the
male part of the population. Take the negroes,
who it is said are ignorant, the moment you
confer the franchise on them it will lead them
to struggle to get an understanding of the affairs
of Government so as to be able to participate
intelligently in them. They will then understand
that they are made responsible for the Govern-'
ment under which they live. In my judgment,
this is the reason why the fact exists, which is
acknowledged everywhere, that the great mass
of our4 population rise immensely, higher in
intellect and every quality that should adorn
human nature above the peasantry and work-
ing classes of the Old World. Why is this?
I think much of il results from the fact that
the people of this country are compelled to
serve upon juries, to participate in the gov-
ernment of their own localities in various ca-
pacities, "and finally to take part in all the great
concerns of Government. That elevates a man
and makes him feel his own consequence in the
community in which he lives.
It is for these reasons as much as any other
that I wish to see the franchise extended tOi
every person of mature age and discretion who
has committed no crime. I know very well
that prejudices against female voting have de-
scended legitimately to us from the Old World;
yea, more than anything else, from that com-
mon law which we lawyers have all studied as
the first element in jurisprudence. That sys-
tem of law really sank the female to total con-,
tempt and insignificance, almost annihilated
her from the face of the earth. It made her
responsible for nothing. So far was she re«
moved from participating in anything or being
responsible for anything, that if she even com-
mitted a crime in the presence of her husband
she was not by that old law answerable for it.
He was her guardian; - he had the right to cor-
rect her as the masterdid his slave in the South.
Such was the chivalry of that old common law
from which we derive our judicial education.
A vast remnant of that old prejudice is still
lurking in the minds of our community. It is
a mere figment of proscription and nothing
else, descended down to us, and wc have not
overcome it. It is not founded in reason; it
is not founded in common sense; and it is
being done away with very fast, too.
I know that those women who have taken
these things into consideration, with minds as
enlightened and as intelligent as our own, have
done immense good to their sex by agitating
these great subjects against all the ridicule and
all the contempt that has been wielded against
them from the time they commenced the agi-
tation. I know that in my own State we had
a few years ago a great many laws on onr stat-
ute-book depriving females of a great many
rights without the least reason upon earth.
Perhaps it was because the question was not
agitated and because it did not particularly
concern the males that they did not turn
their attantion to it; but when agitated in the
women's rights conventions that have been so
abused and ridiculed throughout.the country,
man could no longer shut his eyes to the glar-
