826
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
main is satisfactory to the Senate it is utterly
idle to refer the subject to that committee
again. To require us to wait until the House
frame a bill in regard to the internal revenue,
and then consider the two together, is simply
to consign the bill to defeat. That an internal
revenue bill will come to us eventually and
that it will largely decrease the excise taxes,
I have no doubt whatever. I agree with the
honorable Senator from Missouri that from
the internal taxes we may throw off a "Very
large sum; the larger the better. The passage
of this bill would enable us to throw off more
than if we leave the tariff stand under the old
law. The reason why the Committee of Ways
and Means, if I understand it, are holding back
the bill in regard to internal taxes is to enable
them to judge how much internal tax they may
throw off.
If, under these circumstances, it is deemed
advisable to recommit this bill, I am sure I am
not going to waste any more labor upon it. The
chairman, as a matter of course, will have the
chief x'esponsibily upon him; but certainly it
is unreasonable to ask that committee to con-
sider this bill over again when the appropria-
tion bilk, the internal tax bill, and all the bills
in regard to currency, finance, and banks have
yet to be considered in the next five or six
weeks of the session.
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. President, it seems that
in the view of the Senator from Ohio I have
been guilty of some very inconsiderate con-
duct, or am likely to be guilty of some when I
vote for the motion to recommit this measure
to the Committee on Finance. I must confess
that he is gifted with a much keener mental
vision than most people if he can see any such
thing.
What was the condition of this bill at the
last session? Did it come before us in con-
junction with an internal revenue bill? I am
not aware of it, and I do not think he is. 1 do
not think that is a fact known to members of
this body. It is true, at the last session I did
move to postpone this bill and it went over, or
rather that which then formed the basis of this
bill. The title is left, and I guess that is about
pretty much all there is left, except perhaps
the duty on iron and wool alone. We then
went to work upon the internal revenue law.
We perfected that. We reduced, in the interest
of some of these iron men, the internal duty on
pig iron and railroad iron. We relieved one
establishment with a capital of $1,000,000,
although they have a nominal capital of
$2,000,000, from $225,000 of internal revenue
a year, a very respectable profit, I apprehend,
in the judgment of most people upon the
amount of capital they had in their concern;
but they are not content with that, and they
come here this year and ask for this additional
protection.
Now, sir, I say, as I said before, that the
way to begin to legislate on these financial
questions is to begin with the internal revenue
law first. We are told that the House is con-
sidering such a measure as that. We know
that they are. We know that it is necessary
that there should be a new law on that subject
passed. Some of us believe that that is the
place and the only place where relief to the
country will be found ; and therefore we pro-
pose to begin with that law. I have simply
asked that this bill—I do not care whether it
be recommitted or not; postpone it if you
choose—shall not be disposed of finally until
theHouse shall have an opportunity to perfect
their bill and send it to us.
The Senator says that the State of Ohio is
not interested in this measure. Has not the
State of Ohio some salt-works? Has itnotgot
bituminous coal taxed at $1 50 a ton? Have
you not by this bill imposed one hundred and
sixty per cent, on salt? Now, for example,
suppose the House shall consent to take off the
internal revenue duty on salt. I undertake to
saythey will do it. I think I am justified in
saying that the Committee of Ways and Means
have already agreed to it. We have put a duty
on foreign salt to the amount of one hundred
and sixty per cent., and that is followed the next
week by a law which takes off the entire inter-
nal duty upon the production of salt. The
amount that then comes into the Federal Treas-
ury from the customs only upon salt is just so
much additional burden imposed upon the con-
sumer. That is all there is of it; and I think
that is a very good illustration to show the
necessity of our beginning at that end of the
line rather than undertaking to raise the im-
post duties in the first instance.
Mr. President, I am not as familiar with'the
history of this character of legislation as the
Senators from Ohio or Maine; but, accord-
ing to my recollection, in every instance dur-
ing the last six years we have passed our inter-
nal revenue law before we passed upon the
tariff law. Why should there be a deviation
from that rule now ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Because you made it
necessary by the postponement last session.
Mr. GRIMES. I have not made it. The
Senate made it. The Senate made it after due
consideration. The Senate made it wisely. I
think the country has pronounced a judgment
upon that subject, and has said that we did act
wisely. Now, I only ask that the same prece-
dent shall be followed that has beea 'followed
in the past.
The Senator says that if this bill is recom-
mitted to him he will not labor upon it. He
will not perform his duty to the Senate and to
the country and to his own State, because the
judgment of the Senate may be that they are
not prepared to act upon this bill now, but pre-
fer to act upon some other bill in preference to
it. Well, sir, I have no remarks to make upon
the Senator's idea as to what his duty to him-
self or to the country may require. I have
only to say that when I have a bill recommit-
ted to me as a member of a committee I shall
attempt to carry out the views of the Senate
that sends it to me as far as I am able.
Mr. SHERMAN. , The inconsistency in
which the Senator was involved was this: at
the last session of Congress a bill in relation to
the internal revenue was sent to us, fully con-
sidered, and passed, and immediately upon its
heels the tariff bill came to us, was brought up
for consideration, and on motion of the Sen-
ator from Iowa was postponed to the present
session. The very course that he now indi-
cates was the course he then prevented. He
says the Senate prevented it, but the Senate
prevented it upon his motion, and it was by
the same course of argument that he now
makes. If we had considered this subject at
the last session we might have then seen the
operation of the two laws together, and we
might have made the proper changes at the
present session.
But he says that Ohio is interested, and that
I am mistaken in saying that Ohio has no spe-
cial interest in this bill. I say Ohio has not.
He instanced the item of coal. Why, sir, no
Ohio coal ever reaches the Atlantic coast. It
is not in the interest of Ohio that the duty on
coal is raised. It is in the interest of Maryland
and Pennsylvania, if any. It is for the pro-
tection of their coal-fields. The coal of Ohio
is consumed in the West. And so with .salt.
The salt boiler of Ohio does not ask any pro-
tection. All the salt that is produced in Ohio
is along a single valley on the Ohio river, and
is consumed in the neighborhood.
Mr. GRIMES. Will the Senator permit me
to inquire in whose interest this duty of six
cents additional is imposed?
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state to the Sen-
ator that Ohio asks no favors of that kind.
The salt that is protected by this bill is the salt
of New York and Michigan. No portion of
the Ohio salt ever even reaches the lake shore.
The Senator is not aware where the salt valley
of Ohio is.
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, I am.
_ Mr. SHERMAN. It all goes down the Ohio
river, and none ever touches either the lake
shore or the eastern market. It floats down
along the Ohio river, and is consumed in that
region of country. So that in fact the people
I represent have no particular interest in this
bill except that which they share with Iowa in
being the owners of flocks of sheep; and on
the question of wool, the Ohio wool-grower
does not ask the average rate of duty in this
or any other tariff bill. The average rate of
duty imposed by this bill on wool is not near
equal to that imposed on almost any other
article—ten cents a pound and ten per cent.
ad valorem j so that on that point we have no
special protection in this bill.
When I said I would not consider this matter
I did not say I would disregard the will of the
Senate—not at all. I simply said the Com-
mittee on Finance could not consider it, and
would not because it could not; that is, could
not make a reexamination of this whole sub-
ject ; and why ? That committee have got to
consider the subject of internal taxation; they
have got to consider all the appropriation bills;
any bills in regard to loans and currency and
debts; and surely they have enough to do with-
out a reexamination of this question, to which
they have given all the holidays and every hour
of leisure which other Senators have enjoyed
to their hearts' content. I simply desired to
say that if the bill is referred, no new light
could be thrown upon it, no new examination
could be had; we could only hear the state-
ments of interested parties. We have now all
the official information we can possibly get,
and the Senate can dispose of it. There is not
a Senator here now but what has access to
every report, every document, every informa-
tion that he can reach by any possible post-
ponement. The only object of a reference is
to get information, new light. What new light
can the Committee on Finance throw on this
subject? None whatever.
As to the question of the postponement of
the consideration of this bill, that is a question
of the order 'of business. Everybody knows
that we have but .five or six weeks left of this
session; and if we do not dispose of bills now
in their regular order and in much less time
than has been consumed in the consideration
of this bill, as a matter of course a large por-
tion of the business of the session must go
over. It is to be remembered that we must
pass at least fifteen or twenty important legis-
lative bills this session before the session
closes, and even the debate on this very im-
portant bill has been prolonged much longer,
it seems to me, than was necessary for the con-
sideration of the subject.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I concur entirely with
the Senator from Ohio in saying that if any
movement of this sort is successful it is the end
of the bill for the present session ; there is no
doubt about that; and therefore the Senate in
voting upon it will express its opinion whether
the bill ought to be passed at all or any bill
on the subject of the tariff. If it is recom-
mitted to us, in the first place we shall have to
wait until the internal revenue bill shall be
perfected by the Committee of Ways and Means;
and I am informed that that committee is now,
supposing this bill about finished, waiting to
see what we do about it before acting upon that
bill. Then, after that bill has been perfected
and carried through the House, it must come
to us and be examined by our committee, and
in couneetion with it this tariff bill must be
examined, and after all that has been done,
and we have acted upon both and sent them
both back again to the House, all that remains
of the usual description of business is then to
be done. It is perfectly obvious to everybody
that the thing is utterly impossible. There is
not an idea in the mind of any man who thinks
a moment on the subject that it can be other-
wise. My* friend from Iowa unquestionably
knows just as well as anybody that that is the
effectual way of disposing of this bill, which he
has avowed his determination to vote against,
and to which he is so much opposed.
Now, sir, the only way by which we can get
along by any possibility is to pass this bill as
rapidly as we can—we have but very little time
left—and send it to the House, and there it
may be examined, if the House pleases, in con-
