1866.*
THE CONGRESSIONAL GKLOBE.
63
ing defects that existed in our system, and our
Legislature has corrected many of those abuses
and placed the rights of the female upon infi-
nitely higher grounds than they occupied there
thirty years ago ; and I believe this remark is
as applicable to many other States as it is to
Ohio. I tell you the agitation of these sub-
jects has been salutary and good; and our
male population would no more go back to
divest women of the rights they have acquired
than they would go back now to slavery itself
in the advance we have lately made.
What do I infer, then, from all this ? Seeing
that their rights rest upon the same foundation
and are only kept down by proscription and
prejudice, I think I know that the time will
come—not to-day, but the time is approaching—
when every female in the country will be made re-
sponsible for the just government of our country
as much as the male ; her right to participate
in the Government will be just as unquestioned
as that of the male. I know that my opinions
on this subject are a little in advance of the
great mass, probably, of the community in
which I live; but I am advancing a principle.
I shall give a vote on this amendment that
will be deemed an unpopular vote, but I am
not frightened by that. I have been accus-
tomed to give such votes all my life almost,
but I believe they have been given in the cause
of human liberty and right and in the way of the
advancing intelligence of oijjf-tige ; and when-
ever the landmark has beSn set up the com-
munity have marched up to it. I think I am
advocating now the same kind of a principle,
and I have no doubt that sooner or later it
will become a fixed fact, and the community
will think it just as absurd to exclude females
from the ballot-box as males.
I do not believe that it will have any unfavor-
able effect upon the female character if women
are permitted to come up to the polls and vote.
I believe it would exercise a most humane and
civilizing influence upon thoroughness and rude-
ness with which men meet on those occasions
if the polished ladies of the land would come
up to the ballot-box clothed with these rights
and participate in the exercise of the franchise.
It has not been found that association with ladies
is apt to make men rude and uncivilized ; and
I do not think the reflex of it presents that lady-
like character which we all prize so highly. I
do not think it has that effect. On the other
hand, in my judgment, if it wa^opular to-day
for ladies to go to the polls, no man would
regret their presence there, and the districts
where their ballots were given would be har-
monized, civilized, and rendered more gentle-
manly, if I may so say, on the one side and on
the other, and it would prevent the rude col-
lisions that are apt to occur at these places,
while it would reflect back no uncivilizing or
unladylike influence upon the female part of
the community. That is the way I judge it.
Of course, as it has never been tried in this
country, it is more or less of an experiment;
but here in this District is the very placc to try
your experiment. *
I know that the same things were said about
the abolition of slavery. I was here. Gentle-
men know very well that there was a strong
desire entertained by many gentlemen on this
floor that emancipation, if it took place, should
be very gradual, very conservative, a little at
a time. 1 was the advocate of striking off the
shackles at one blow, ami I said that the mo-
ment you settled on that the community would
settle down upon this principle of righteous-
ness, justice, and liberty, and be satisfied with
it. but just as long as you kept it in a state of
doubt aud uncertainty, going only half way.
just so long it would be an irritating element
m our proceedings. 11 is just so now with this
question. Do not understand that I expect
that this amendment will be carried. I do
not. 1 do not know that I would have agitated
jt now, although it is as clear to me as the sun
at. noonday that the time is approaching when
females will be admitted to this franchise as
much as males, because I cau see no reason
for the distinction. I agree, however, that
there ia not the same pressing necessity for
allowing females as there is for allowing the
colored people to vote; because the ladies of
the land are not under the ban of a, hostile
race grinding them to powder. They are in
high fellowship with those that do govern, who,
to a great extent, act as their agents, their
friends, promoting their interests in every vote
they give, and therefore communities get along
very well without conferring this right upon
the female. But when you speak of it as a
right and as a great educational power in the
hands of females, and I am called on to vote
on the subject, I will vote that which I think
under all circumstances is right, just, and
proper. I shrink not from the question be-
cause I am told by gentlemen that it is unpop-
ular. The question with me is, is it right?
Show me that it is wrong, and then I will with-
hold my vote; but I have heard no argument
that convinces me that the thing is not right.
There has been something said about this
right of voting, as to whether it is a natural or
a conventional right. I do not know that there
is much difference between a natural aud a con-
ventional_ right. Eight has its hold upon the
conscience in the inevitable fitness of things,
and whether it springs from nature or from any
other cause right is right, and a conventional
right is as sacred as a natural right. I cannot
distinguish them: I know of no difference be-
tween them. It certainly does not seem to me
that it would be right now if a new community
is about to set up a Government, for one third
of them to seize upon that Government and say
they will govern and the rest shall have nothing
to do with it. It seems to me there is a wrong
done to those who are shut out from any par-
ticipation in the Government, and that it is a
violation of their rights : and what odds does
it make whether you call it a natural or con-
ventional or artificial right? I contend that
when you set up a Government you shall call
every man who has arrived at the years of dis-
cretion, who has committed no crime, into your
community and ask him to participate in setting
up that Government; and if you shut him out
without any reason, you do him a wrong, one
of the greatest wrongs that you can inflict upon
a man. If it is to be done to me or to my pos-
terity, I say to you take their lives but do not
deprive them of the right of standing upon
the same foothold, upon the same platform in
their political rights with any other man in the
community. I will compromise no such prin-
ciple. I contend before God and man ever,
always, that they shall stand upon the same
platform in setting up their Governments and
in continuing them after they are set up, and
I will braud it as a wrong and an injustice in
any man to deprive any portion of the popula-
tion. unless it be for ciime or offense, from
participating in the Government to the same
extent that he participates himself. If they
are ignorant, so much the greater necessity that
they have this weapon in their hands to guard
themselves against the strong. The weaker,
: the more ignorant, and the more liable they
i are to be imposed upon, the greater the neees-
' sity of having this great weapon of self-defense
| in their hands.
! I know very well that great prejudices have
' existed against colored people; but my word
I for it, the moment they are admitted to the
j baliot-box, especially about the second Tuesday
l of October in our State, you will find them as
' genteel a set of men as you know anywhere ;
; as much consideration will be awarded to them;
I they will be men; they will be courted; their
, rights will be awarded to them; they will be
' made to feel, and it will go abroad that they
j are not the subjects of utter contempt that can
i be treared as men see fit to treat them; but
I they will rise in the scale of the community,
! ami finally occupy a platform according to their
1 merits, which they never can obtain, and you
; will never be able to make anything of any
i portion of the community, black or white, while
; you exclude them from the ballot-box.
! These, sir, are the reasons why I introduce
I this bill, and to vindicate them I have spoken.
I know I am not able to set forth anything new
on this subject. Every American citiEcn lias
reflected, upon it until his mind is made tip,
and the thing itself is so universally approved
by our community that the only wonder is that
when we propose to extend this franchise to
all the people alike anybody is found in oppo-
sition to it.
Mr. YATES* Mr. President, I propose to
occupy the time of the Senate for but a few
moments by way of explanation of my positioa
on this subject. Honorable Senators seem to
think there is some little embarrassment in the
position in which we are placed upon this ques-
tion. There is certainly none whatever to my
mind. I must confess, after an examination
of this question, that logically there are no
reasons iu my mind which would not permit
women to vote as well as men according to the
theory of our Government—a Government of
the people, by the people, and for the people.
But, sir, that question as to whether ladies
shall vote or not is not an issue now. That
was not the question at the last election. That
was not the question that was argued in another
part of this Capitol. That was not embraced
in the bill now before us for consideration.
Questions of a different character engross our
attention; and, sir, we have but one straight-
forward course to pursue in this matter. While
I may and do indorse, I believe, substantially
all that my honorable friend from Ohio has
said, and while I cannot state perhaps a good
reason why under our form of government all
persons, male and female, should fiot exercise
the rifi-'it <>'' suffrage, yet we have another
matter on hand now. We have fought the
fight and our banners blaze victoriously iu
the sky. The honorable Senator from Penn-
sylvania stands humbled and overcome at his
defeat, and he might just as well bow his head
before the wheels of that Juggernaut of which
he spoke, which has crushed him to the earth,
and say, let the vox populi, which is the vox
Dei, be the rule of this land.
I believe that this issue will come, and if
the gentleman proposes to make it in the next
elections I shall be with him perhaps on the
question of universal suffrage; for, sir, I am
for universal suffrage. I am not for qualified
suffrage; I am not for property suffrage; I am
not for intelligent suffrage as it is termed; but
I am for universal suffrage. That is my doc-
trine. But, sir, when it is proposed to crash
out the will of the American people by an
issue which certainly is not made in sincerity
and truth, then I have no difficulty whatever.
While I do not commit myself against the prog-
ress of human civilization, because I believe
that time is coming, in voting "noK on this
amendment I only vote to maintain the posi-
tion for which I have fought and for which my
State has fought.
My notions are peculiar on this subject. I
confess that I am for universal suffrage, and
when the time comes I am for suffrage by
females as well as males; but that is not the
point before us. This bill has passed the
other House. The country expects the ver-
dict of tl* people to be sustained by this body,
and we must do it. Upon the question of
reconstruction there are other points: ques-
tions of universal amnesty, questions of uni-
versal sutfrage. The verdict of the people lias
been against universal amnesty as well as for
universal suffrage. It has been rather for uni-
versal suffering for rebels who raised their
arms against this Government, and universal
suffrage and every right to the men who have
stood by the Government and fought with us
through this war. Sir, I shall most cheerfully
and with perfect consistency vote no against
this amendment, viewing it as a mere attempt on
the part of the honorable Senator from Penn-
sylvania to embarrass this question.
Mr. WILSON. The Senator from Pennsyl-
vania demands that I shall express my concur-
rence in or my opposition tonis amendment.
I tell him without the least hesitation I shall
vote against it. I am opposed to connecting
together tha=e two questions, the enfranchise'
