THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
we should receive twice as much revenue as
we do now; but see the difficulty t If we re-"
duce it to one dollar, or to sixty or seventy
cents, as perhaps it ought to be, then all the
men in the country-'-who are holding liquors
are broken up. and an entire interest destroyed,
so far as the holders are concerned. I refer
to this as an illustration of the difficulty of
coming down after we hate once raised the
taxes to a high standard. We ought to be
very careful about doing it. For these reasons
I Shall vote for the proposition of the Senator
from Kentucky.
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I think any
one who has listened to the debate on this bill
will be satisfied that it is not a measure for in-
creasing the public revenue. Whatever may be
alleged generally as the opinion of some of
the members of the Finance Committee, yet
wherever a single item has come up for dis-
cussion, wherever any point in the bill has been
subjected to criticism, it has been found that
the duty laid is a duty for some other purpose
and not for revenue. Is the duty on iron or
steel laid for revenue?—or wool or coal or
nickel? No one pretends it. The salient feat-
ures of a so-called protective policy has char-
acterized every part of the debate on this whole
bill; has been the burden of every speech, the
argument of every plea.
Now, sir, the amendment which is pending
increasing the duty or putting rather a pro-
hibition on the importation of hemp, might
benefit some of the hemp-growers of the State
that I represent. It might enable them to
ehai-ge a higher price for their hemp and re-
quire the balance of the community to pay to
them the imj>ost thus indirectly levied. But,
sir, because it would benefit a portion of my
constituents is no reason why I should approve
or sustain a species of legislation that I think
wrong in principle. I shall therefore not vote
even for the amendment increasing duties on
hemp.
It would seem to ine, sir, as if those who
favor protection as a principle might be con-
tent to levy their discriminations against this
or'that class within the limits of a revenue
tariff under the extraordinary surroundings
which by virtue of internal taxes go to render
its duties necessarily high. Under that dis-
guise they might, perhaps, successfully pluck
other sections for a number of years to come,
and it would be difficult to expose the injus-
tice in such wise as to force its correction by
an appeal to the country. But success hith-
erto has emboldened the rings who find a
profit in this species of legislation to clamor
for still greater duties, and the result is a still
further concession and a still higher tariff.
The Finance Committee make a boast that
they have had all these interests before them.
Sir, we might have imagined that from the bill
that has been reported. But they do not tell
us that they have had before them any of those
who are to pay these bounties on manufac-
tures, or those who protest against this unfair
and unequal legislation.
This question as it stands is in very truth a
question not so much of protection as it is a
question rf prohibition. It is to exclude from
importation, and thereby to reduce the revenue
derived from the tariff; not to increase that
revenue by larger collections on imports, there-
by to enable us to reduce the taxes on internal
productions. If there were no other reason,
therefore, I should be compelled to vote
against the bill on that ground alone. I think,
however, there are a'great many other reasons
in the case.
I am perfectly familiar with the argument
which has been adduced all along, that if you
will only give protection to manufactures you
will thereby build them up and enable them to
reduce the price of these articles which they
manufacture; but it is a singular characteristic
of this whole scheme as now presented in
nsiional legislation that you find to-day all
these manufactures, which for twenty years you
have been building up, asking higher rates of
-dwfy •than- they did in their infancy. You find
the1 manufactures that go into all the uses of
domestic life, such as the iron manufactures,
the wool manufactures, the worsteds and cot-
tons and chemicals, asking higher rates of pro-
hibitory duty than they have ever asked here-
tofore. If that is to be the result of a continu-
ation of protection, I think the sooner we get
rid of the system the better. At all events, I
thinli it is a very conclusive argument, going to
show that there is no truth in what is alleged
is its general tenor and effect.
I think, sir, that a system of prohibition such
as we are asked to enact here to-day is neither
more nor less than a legalized plunder. It is a
wrongful taking out of the pockets of one man
to put in the pockets of another. It is making
lawful that which every morality condemns as
wrongful. It is statutory theft and pillage.
That is my judgment about the whole prohibit-
ory system. We have just emerged, Mr. Presi-
dent,from a long and exciting conflict, in which
we have labored to get rid of one system of
oppression; we have abolished slavery in so
far as it relates to personal bondage; but, sir,
in my_ opinion, the measure now before you in
its principle, and to a very large extent in its
applications, is neither more nor less than the
incipient reestablishment of slavery in another
shape. It is a slavery to capital, a servitude
whfeh will be just as onerous, just as trying to
this nation, and just as productive of evil con-
sequences to the oppressed classes and sections
as ever was any other form or type of slavery.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If we get the negro
into this bill we are gone.
Mr. BROWN. That may do as a retort; but,
sir, if you get the white man into slavery the
western farmer paying his tribute to the east-
ern manufacturer, and continue to clench his
fetters and extort from him more and more,
as seems to be now proposed, you will not end
without violence either.
Now, sir, so far as this tariff bill goes, if
you were to make it equal in its advantages
or disadvantages to all parts of the country, if
you were to equalize all these prohibitions, if
you were to give anything like equipoise to the
different interests in the community, the only
result that you could by possibility have from
it would be a general inflation of all your values,
and such an inflation as would necessarily ex-
clude all the great producing interests of the
country from the markets of the world. Your
high prices being altogether comparative would
benefit nobody in this country, and yet would
make it impossible to ship abroad and com-
pote with grain or produce or manufactures in
foreign markets. That would be the sum and
substance of your whole prohibitory system,
for bear in mind it is prohibitory duties that
are clamored for here to-day. That, I think,
is substantially the operation of the existing
tariff; and the present bill, I think, so far as
its duties are higher, will operate still more
strongly in the same way with all the produc-
ing interests of the country. I think, there-
fore, that nothing can result from this measure
but a more permanent inflation of prices, a
reduction of revenue from custom duties, and
a still further exclusion of your products from
the markets of Europe and Asia.
I do not intend, Mr. President, to make any
extended remarks on the details of this bill.
I simply rise now to «nter a protest, in the
name of the constitaency that I represent here,
against its passage, as being an unjust and
wrongful and detrimental act to them, one in
which their interests are sacrificed to benefit
those whose interests have long been fostered
and protected, who do not require it longer,
and who have no right to demand it from them
if they did. Sir, the people of my State are
looking to this Congress with eager eyes, ask-
ing strictest economy in the administration of
your Government, and the largest possible
reduction in the taxation which is now bear-
ing so heavily upon all their business interests.
But, on the contrary, what is it proposed to do ?
To surrender the revenues Government might
derive from customs into the hands of certain
large moneyed interests as bonus on their pro-
ductions—for that is what prohibition comes
to—and by this surrender to preclude the pos-
sibility of any important reduction in the inter-
nal taxes.
I think, Mr. President, when this bill passes
and goes to the country.—loaded down with the
extortions practiced in the name and behalf
of special interests—yon will find that its advo-
cates have not rightly calculated the patience
of the people.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is upon the motion of the Senator from
Kentucky that the bill be recommitted to the
Committee on Finance, with the instructions
which have been read at the desk, upon which
the yeas and nays have been ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. POLAND (when his name was called)
said: I desire to state that the Senator from
Iowa [Mr. Kirkwood] was obliged to go out
for a moment, and I agreed to pair off with
him on this question. I should have voted
against this motion to recommit, and he would
have voted in favor of it.
The result was announced—yeas 15, nays
25; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs, Brown, Buekalew, Davis, Doo-
little, Grimes, Henderson, Hendricks, Lane, Norton,
Patterson, Riddle, Saulsbury, Sumner, Trumbull,
and Wilson—15.
NAYS—Messrs. Cattell, Chandler, Conness, Cragin,
Crcswcll, Dixon, Edmunds, Fessenden, Fogg, Foster,
Frelmghuysen, Harris, Howe, Johnson, Morean,
Morrill, Ramsey, Sherman, Sprague, Stewart, Van
Winkle, Wade, Willey, Williams, and Yates—25.
ABSENT — Messrs. Anthony, Cowan, Fowler,
Guthrie. Howard, Kirkwood. McDougall, Nesmith,
Nye, Poland, Pomeroy, and Boss—12.
The motion was not agreed to.
. The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on the amendment moved by the
Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Davis] to the
amendment made as in Committee of the
Whole.
The amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
Mr. DIXON. I move to amend the amend-
ment on page 80, section eleven, by inserting
after line thirty-three the following:
On lenses for stereoscopes, one dollar per dozen
pairs, and, in addition thereto, forty per cent, ad
valorem.
The PRESIDENT pro temporeput the ques-
tion on the amendment to the amendment, and
declared that the no.es appeared to have it.
Mr. DIXON. I should like to have a divis-
ion on that question. I desire to say that that
amendment is consented to by the chairman
of the Finance Committee, and I believe by
all interests.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I did not" understand
exactly what it was. I do not know but that it is
right, but I should like to have a little expla-
nation of it. It strikes me to be rather high.
I should like to hear it read again.
The Secretary read the amendment.
Mr. DIXON. It is precisely the same pro-
tection, indeed much less protection, than is
given to lenses for spectacles. On this same
page, commencing at the twenty-seventh line,
there is this provision:
On lenses for spectacles, whether of glass or pebble,
forty per cent, ad valorem,; and, in addition thereto,
for lenses ground and polished on both sides, two
dollars per gross pairs.
This only asks for one dollar, and I will state
that there is a large interest engaged in this
manufacture which will be entirely destroyed
without this protection. We only ask {he same
protection that is allowed to lenses for spec-
taCleg
Mr.' FESSENDEN. That clause reads:
On lenses for spectacles, whether of glass or peb-
ble, forty per cent, ad valorem; and, in addition
thereto, for lenses ground and polished on both sides,
two dollars per gross pair.
I did not understand how the tenses are
described in the amendment. Does that say
" ground or polished on both sides?"
. . T* DIXON. _ These ave ground and pol-
lshed _ on both sides. We only ask one half
what is allowed to lenses for spectacles.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Is it so described io
the amendment?
Mr. DIXON. I do not-recollect.
