IEEE CONGRESSIONAL GLORS.
December 11,
ment of black men and the enfranchisement of
women, and therefore shall vote against his
amendment.
These ladies in the conventions recently held
seetn to have made a great impression upon the
Senator from Pennsylvania. While I heard
him reading their speeches I, could not but
regret that the Senator'had notread the speeches
of some of those ladies and the speeches of
some of those gentlemen who 'attended those
recent meetings before he came into the Sen-
ate. If he had read the speeches of the ladies
and gentlemen who have attended these con-
ventions during the past fewyears their speeches
might have made as great an impression on him
at an earlier day as they seem to have done at
this-; and if they had done so, the Senator
might have made a record for liberty, justice,
and humanity he would have been proud of
after he'leaves the Senate.
I have, sir, quite the advantage of the honor-
able Senator. I have been accustomed to attend
the meetings of some of these ladies and gen-
tlemen for many years, and read their speeches,
too. I read these speeches for the freedom of
all, and for the enfranchisement of all, woman
included. Before I came to the Senate of'the
United States I entertained the conviction that
it would be better for this country, that our
legislation would be more humane, more for
liberty, more forahigh civilization, ifthewomen
of the country were permitted to vote, and
every year of my life has confirmed that con-
viction. I have been more than ever convinced
of it since I have read the opinions of one of
the foremost men of this or any other age,
John Stuart Mill.
Bat I say to the Senator from Pennsylvania
that while these are my opinions, while I will
vote now or at any time for woman suffrage,
if he or any other Senator will offer it aa a
distinct, separate measure, I am unalterably
opposed to connecting that question with the
pending question of negro suffrage. The ques-
tion of negro suffrage is now an imperative
necessity; a necessity that the negro should
possess it for his own protection; a necessity
that he should possess it that the nation may
preserve its power, its strength, and its unity.
We have fought that battle, as has been stated
by the Senator from Illinois; wa, have won
negro suffrage for the District of Columbia,
and I say I believe we have won it for all the
States ; and before the 4th of March, 1869,
before this Administration shall close, I hope
that the negro in all the loyal States will be
clothed with the right of suffrage. That they
will be in the ten rebel States I cannot doubt,
for patriotism, liberty, justice, and humanity
demand it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I desire the Senator
to allow me to ask him a question, as he says
that this has been won in the recent elections.
I wish to know of the Senator why the consid-
eration of this measure was discontinued at
the last session and the bill not allowed to pass
the Senate ? The bill came from the House
at rather an early day of the session 5 I think
several months of the session elapsed after the
passage of the bill in the House, and yet it was
not allowed to come to a vote in the Senate.
Mr. WILSON. The bill passed the House
of Representatives early in the session. It
came to the Senate early in December. That
Senator I think knows very well that we had
not the power to pass it for the first five or'six
months of the session; that is, we had not the
power to make it a law. We could not have'
carried it against the opposition of the Presi-
dent of the United States, and we had assur-
ances of gentlemen who were in intimate rela-
tions with him that his signature would not be
obtained. It would not have been wise for "us
,to pass the bill if it was to encounter a veto
unless we were able to pass it over* that veto.
The wise course was to bide our time until we
had that power, and that power came before
the close of the session, but it came in the time
of 'great pressure, when other questions 'were
crowding upon us, and it was thought best by
those who were advocating it, especially as the
chairmen of the committee, the Senator from
Maine, JMr. Moreill,] was out of the Senate
for many days on account of illness, to let the
bill go over until this December.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Will the Sena^pr allow
me to ask one other question: whether the
vetoes of the President were not over-ridden
in the Senate as much as two months before
the adjournment.; and whether he does not
know that this measure was purposely put aside
in the Senate that it should not enter into the
political contest of the last elections?
Mr. WILSON. I do not know that it was pur-
pose]^ postponed for that reason. I do know,
however, that there were Senators who were in
doubt in regard to the form the measure should
take. Some Senators wishedfor a measure based
on intelligence, and it was a little uncertain
whether at that time we could command a two-
thirds vote for pure manhood suffrage. The
measure went over by the assent of many of
its most earnest friends, in the full conviction
that the voice of the country, the growth of
public sentiment—which was great every day
then, and has increased every day since and
will grow stronger in the days to come—would
enable us to carry a clean bill for the District
early in this session. We were not mistaken
in our anticipations. This bill, embodying
pure manhood suffrage, is destined to become
the law in spite of all opposition and alllament-
ations. I am opposed, therefore, to associating
with this achieved measure the question of
suffrage for women. That question has been
discussed for many years by ladies of high
intelligence and of stainless character—ladies
who have given years of their lives to the cause
of liberty, to the cause of the bondman, to the
cause of justice and humanity, to the improve-
ment of all and the elevation of all. No one
could have heard them or have read their
speeches years ago without feeling that they
were in earnest. They have made progress;
these women have instructed the country;
women and men, too, have been instructed;
progress is making in that direction; but the
public judgment is not so pronounced in any
one State to-day in favor of woman suffrage
as to create any large and general movement
for it.
Time is required to instruct the public mind
and to carry forward and to concentrate the
public judgment in favor of woman suffrage.
All public men are not in its favor as is the
Senator from Ohio, as has already been proved
in this debate. I am therefore, sir, for keep-
ing these questions apart. I am for securing
the needed suffrage for the colored race. I am
for enfranchising the black man, and then if
this other question shall come up in due time
and I have a vote to give I shall be ready to
give my vote for it. But to vote for it now is
to couple it with the great measure now press-
ing upon.us, to'weaken that measure and to
endanger its immediate triumph, and therefore
I shall vote against the amendment proposed
by the Senator from Pennsylvania, made, it is
too apparent, not for the enfranchisement of
woman, but against the enfranchisement of the
black man.
Mr. JOHNSON. The immediate question
before the Senate, I understand, is upon the
amendment offered by the honorable member
from Pennsylvania, which, if I am correctly
informed, is to strike out the word "male,"
so as to give to all persons, independent of sex,
the right of voting. It is, therefore, a propo-
sition to admit to the right of suffrage all the
females in the District of Columbia who may
have the required residence and are of the
required age. I am not aware that the right
is given to that class anywhere in the United
States. . I believe for a very short time—my
friend from New Jersey will inform me if lam
correct—it was more or less extended to the
women in New Jersey; but, if that be an
exception, it is, as far as I am informed, the
only exception ; and there are a variety of
reasons why, as I suppose, the right has never
been extended as now proposed.
Ladies have duties peculiar to themselves
which cannot be discharged by anybody else;
the nurture and education of their children,
the demands upon them consequent upon the
preservation of their household; and they are
supposed to be more or less in their proper
vocation when they are attending to those par-
ticular duties. But independent of that, I
think if it was submitted to the ladies—I mean
the ladies in the true acceptation of the term—
of the United States, the privilege would not
only not be asked for, but would be rejected.
I do not think the ladies of the United States
would agree to enter into a canvass and to
undergo what is often the degradation of seek-
ing to vote, particularly in the cities, getting
up to the polls, crowded out and crowded in.
I rather think they would feel it, instead of a
privilege, a dishonor.
There is another reason why the right should
not be extended to them, unless it is the pur-
pose of the honorable member and of the Sen-
ate to go a step further. The reason why the
males are acceded the privilege, and why it was
almost universal in the United States with
reference to those of a certain age, is that
they may be called upon to defend the country
in time of war or in time of insurrection. I do
not suppose it is pretended that the ladies
should be included in the militia organization
or be compelled to take up arms to defend the
country. That must be done by the male sex,
I hope.
But I rose not so much for the purpose of
expressing my own opinion, or reasoning
rather upon the opinion, as to refer to a sen-
tence or two in a letter written many years ago
by the elder Adams to a correspondent in Mas-
sachusetts. It was proposed at that time in
Massachusetts to alter the suffrage. It was
then limited in that State. That limitation,
it was suggested, should be taken away in whole
or in part, and the correspondent to whom
this letter was addressed seems to have been
in favor of that change. Mr. Adams, under
date of the 26th of May, 1776, writes to his
correspondent, Mr. James Sullivan, a name
famous in the annals of Massachusetts, and
well known /to the United States, a long
letter, of which I shall read only a sentence or
two. It is to be found in the ninth volume of
the Works of John Adains, beginning at- page
375. In that letter, Mr. Adams, among otjier
things, says:
"But let us first suppose that the whole community,
of every age, rank, sex, and condition, has a right to
vote. This community is assembled. A motion is
made and carried by a majority of one voice. The
minority will not agree to this. Whence arises the
right of the majority to govern and the obligation of
theminority te obey?
"From necessity, you will say, because there can
be no other rulo.
"But why exclude women?
" You will say, because their delicacy renders them
unfit for practice and experience in the great busi-
nesses of life and the hardy enterprises of war, as well
as tho arduous cares of state. Besides, their atten-
tion is so much engaged with the necessary nurture
of their children that nature has made them fittest lor
domestic cares. And children have not judgment or
will of their own. True."
And he closes the letter by saying:
"Society can be governed only by general rules.
Government cannot accommodate itself to every par-
ticular ease as it happens, nor to the circumstances
of particular persons. It must establish general com-
prehensive regulations for cases and persons. The
only question is, which general rule will accommo-
date most cases and most persons.
" Dopendupon it, sir, it is dangerous to-open sofruit-
fulasourceof controversy and altercation aswould be
opened by attempting to.alter the qualifications of
voters ; there will be no end of it. New claims will
arise; women will demand a vote; lads from twelve
to twenty-one will think their rights not enough
attended to; and every man who has not a farthing
willdemand an equal voiee with any other in all acts
of state. It tends to confound and destroy all dis-
tinctions', and prostrate all ranks to one common
level."
The honorable member from Ohio seems to
suppose that the right should be given as a
means, if I understood him, of protecting them-
selves and as a means of elevating them intel-
lectually. I had supposed the theory was that
the woman was protected by the man. If she
is insulted she is not expected to knock the
man who insults her down, or during the days
of the duello to send him a challenge. She
