830
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
Mr. JOHNSON. The honorable member
will permit me to Suggest that his object will
be accomplished by refusing to concur in that
amendment made in committee; if the amend-
ment be not concurred in, the bill 'will stand as
reported in that respect.
Mr. SUMNER. Do I understand that the
question is upon concurrence with the amend-
ment-made in committee?
Mr. JOHNSON. It has not been concurred
in that I know of.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mo-
tion of the Senator from Massachusetts, in the
opinion of the Chair, is in order: he moves to
strike out and insert.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have no doubt of that;
I only wanted to save some trouble.
Mr. SUMNER. But there is another way
to get at it, according to the suggestion of the
Senator from Maryland, and that would be not
to concur in that amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion does not arise on that identical amend-
ment, because it was an amendment to an
amendment. The amendment to be concurred
in is all one amendment.
Mr. SUMNER. Then, in order to make the
' proposition perfectly clear, I simply move now
to insert lines twenty-one, twenty-two, twenty-
three, and twenty-four of this section as they
stand in the printed bill; and if this amend-
ment be adopted, the other clause can be made
to conform to it.
The Secretary read the words proposed to
be inserted, as follows:
On all bituminous coal, mined and imported from
any place not more than thirty degrees of longitude
east of Washington, fifty cents per ton of twenty-
eight bushols, eighty pounds to the bushel.
Mr. SUMNER. The object of the amend-
ment is to bring the bill back to where it was
at first. The Senate will remember that in
committee a motion prevailed by which the
duty of fifty cents per ton on the coal men-
tioned was raised to $1 50. I am at a loss to
understand the precise object of this increased
tax on coal. There are strong reasons against
any tax on coal; and the reasons are stronger
still against this increased tax. Its movers
must have an object. What is it?
It seems that there are imported into the
United States about five hundred thousand
tons, being three hundred and fifty thousand
tons from the British Provinces and one hun-
dred and fifty thousand tons from Great Brit-
ain. And this coal it is proposed to tax at
the rate of $1 50 a ton in gold. If this same
amount of importation continued, this tax
would yield $750,000 in gold—a handsome
addition to the revenue. But I am sure the
tax is not imposed on this account. It is im-
Eosed, of course, with some vague hope of
enefit to the coal interest. But here, as we
look at it, we are mystified. Is it supposed
that the price of coal throughout the country
will be raised to this extent? The idea is
monstrous. There are some twenty-two million
tons now produced, which if raised in price
according to this tax will cost the country
thirty-three million gold dollars in addition to
the present price. This might be advantageous
to certain proprietors but it would be damag:
ing to the country. Nobody can expect this.
The object,_ then, is something else. I will not
gay that it is merely to take advantage of the
States that do not produce coal, for this would
be sheer oppression. I suppose that it must
be to exclude foreign coal, and thus open to
that extent the market to domestic coal.
But this tax will be positively, oppressive to
coal purchasers in New England, to say noth-
ing of New York. Nature has denied coal to
this region of country, or rather nature has
placed the natural supply for this region out-
sideof our political jurisdiction. It fc in Nova
Scotia, on the other side of our boundary line.
Coal in abundance is there, easily accessible
by water, and therefore transported compar-
atively cheap. But there is another part of
our country which has a different supply .< On
the other side of the mountain ridge which
separates the sea-coast from the valleys of the
West, is an infinite coal-field, the source of un-
told wealth, which, beginning in the mount-
ains-and filling West Virginia and western
Pennsylvania stretches through the valley of
the Ohio, enriching the States that border
upon it, and then crossing the Mississippi
stretches through other States beyond, even to
Colorado. This is the greatest coal-field, as
it is also the greatest corn-field in the world.
It is magnificent beyond comparison. This is
the natural resource for the immense region
west of the Alleghanies. But why should New
England, which has a natural resource com-
paratively near at home, be compelled at a
great sacrifice to drag her coal from these dis-
tant supplies ? The supplies are bountiful, and
we share in the wealth which they contribute
to the whole country.
I hear that at Pittsburg people complain of
the price of coal when they pay only two dol-
lars a ton currency. But imported coal in
New England costs at the mine two dollars
a ton in gold. Add to this three or four dol-
lars a ton for freight. And now it is pro-
posed to pile on this a duty of more than two
dollars currency. If the people of Pittsburg
complain of coal at two dollars a ton, what
must the people of Boston say when you make
it nine dollars? Is this just? Is it practically
wise ? But I forget, there can be no wisdom
without justice.
If it be said that the interests of New Eng-
land are protected even by the bill before the
Senate, I have to say in reply that no interest
of hers is protected at the expense of the rest
of the country. All that we ask is fair play.
Let it be shown that there is any part of the
country which will suffer from the favor you
accord to New England to the extent that her
coal purchasers must suffer from the favor you
accord to the distant coal-owners of the mount-
ains, and I will do what I can to see justice
done. I ask nothing but that justice which I
am always willing to accord. We constitute
parts of one country with common interests,
and the prosperity of each is bound up in the
prosperity of all.
It is said that this proposed tax will be of
advantage to the Cumberland coal in the
mountains of Maryland. Perhaps; but not to
any considerable extent. I understand that not
more than sixty tKJtisand tons of Nova Scotia
coal are imported in competition with that of
Cumberland. This is mainly at Providence,
where it is used in the manufacture of iron.
But the Cumberland coal is so completely
adapted to glass-works, railways, ocean steam-
ships, blacksmiths' forges, that it may be said
to command the market exclusively. Nature
has given to it this monopoly. Why not be
content?
There are peculiar reasons' why coal should
be cheap, whether viewed as a necessary or as
a motive power. As a necessary it enters into
the comforts of life. As a motive power it is
the substitute for water-power. What reason
can you give for a tax on the motive power
from coal which is not equally strong for a tax
on the motive power from water, unless it be
that one is "black" and the other is "white?"
But I plead that you shall not needlessly add
to the public burden in a particular portion
of the country. I have already alluded to the
cheapness of coal at Pittsburg. In other places
it is cheaper still. At Pomeroy, in Ohio, it is
$1 40 a ton ; and at Cumberland itself it is
$1 50 a ton ; always in currency. And yet
New England is to pay $1 50 tax in gold, being
more than the coal is worth to its producer,
besides the large cost of transportation.
Next after the industry of a people is cheap
coal as an element of national "prosperity.
Without it even industry will lose much of its
activity and variety. It is coal which has vital-
ized and quickened all the mighty energies of
England. From coal have come all the various
products of her manufactories, and these-again
have furnished the freights for her ships, so
that she has become not only a great manufac-
turing nation, but also a great commercial na-
tion. Coal is the author of all this. Coal is
the fuel under the British pot which makes it
boil. It ought to do the same for us, and even
more if you will let it. Therefore I end as I
began: tax coal as little as possible.
Mr. JOHNSON. The amendment suggested
by my friend from Massachusetts, if I under-
stand it, is to reinstate in the bill what was
stricken out in committee. That is to say, it
is to impose a tax upon all coal imported from
beyond a certain point of $1 50, and a tax of
only fifty cents on all that shall be imported
from this side of that point. I understood the
honorable member from Massachusetts to tell
us—and he will set me right if I am wrong—
that there are about five hundred thousand
tons of coal imported.
Mr. SUMNER. So I understand.
Mr. JOHNSON. One hundred and fifty
thousand tons of that he says are imported
from a point outside of the line which he has
designated. The other is imported from this
side of that line. If he succeeds in persuading
the Senate to reduce the tax determined upon
in committee to fifty cents he will reduce the
revenue, provided the coal can be imported,
some three hundred and seventy-five thousand
dollars, so that the honorable member is wrong
in supposing that the tax of $1 50 is not a tax
that will bring additional revenue into the
Treasury.
Now, I understand the honorable member to
say that the proposed tax of $1 50 upon coal
imported from Nova Scotia, which by the line
that he proposes to adopt will be included
within this side of that line, will be an enormous
and an unjust tax upon the poorofNew England.
He does not propose to take care of the poor
anywhere else ; he is very willing to leave the
tax of $1 50 upon the coal to be imported
from Europe, and he is willing to do that
because that coal is not imported into New
England; it goes to New York or the ports
south of New York, and if the duty on it oper-
ates at all to the prejudice of the poor it is to
the poor of New York and the poor elsewhere
than in New England. So that the very en-
larged view that my friend takes of what
should be the philanthropy and charity of the
Government is confined entirely to the poor of
New England.
I do not know that what I am about to state
is true, but I rather suspect it is true. A tax
of fifty cents is to operate to the benefit of the
New England manufacturers as well as the
New England man who uses Nova Scotia coal
in his own fireplace. To that extent, there-
fore, New England is benefited to the preju-
dice of the rest of the eountry who have to
use, if they use imported coal, coal imported
at a revenue tax of $1 50. But New England
may be very materially benefited from another
consideration. If her citizens own the Nova
Scotia mines in whole or in part, as I have
heard is the fact, then they are benefited by
having the exclusive market for the eoal.
Then coal sells at any price they may think
proper to charge for it less than the price at
which Cumberland or any other bituminous
coal can be purchased. New England is ben-
efited therefore to the extent that her manu-
factures are benefited by the cheap fuel, while
some of her citizens are also benefited as tho
owners of the Nova Scotia coal.
Now, sir, I say in great sincerity to the hon-
orable member from Massachusetts that I am
as far from desiring to legislate either now or
at any time to the prejudice of New England
as he himself. I have a very sincere reverence
for New England. It is unnecessary to say
why. The reasons are to be found in the his-
tory of the country, and they are sufficient as
I think to challenge for her the admiration and
the respect and the gratitude of all the rest of
the people of the United States; but while
she is seeking to take care of herself she ought
to be magnanimous enough to look to the in-
terests of her fellow-citizens elsewhere.
This tariff system—I hope my friend from
Maine will indulge me for a moment in saying
a word on the general subject—was forced
