66
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 11,
it to the women of America. The difference,
to my mind, is as wide as the earth. As I
understand it, we legislate for classes, and the
women of America as a class do vote now,
though' there are exceptions from the peculiar
circumstances of individuals. Do not the Amer-
ican people vote in this Senate to-day on this
question? Do they not vote in the House of
Representatives? So the women of America
vote by faithful and true representatives, their
husbands, their brothers, their sons; and no
true man will go to the polls and deposit his
ballot without remembering the true and loving
constituency that he has at home.
More than that, sir, ninety-nine out of a
hundred, I -believe nine hundred and ninety-
nine out ofa thousand, of the women in Amer-
ica do not want the privilege of voting in any
other manner than that which I have stated.
In both these regards there is a vast difference
between the situation of the colored citizen
and the women of America.
But, Mr. President, besides that, the women
of America are not called upon to serve the
Government as the men of America are. They
do not bear the bayonet, and have not that
reason why they should be entitled to the ballot;
and it seems to me as if the God of our race
has stamped upon them a milder, gentlernature,
which not only mak^s them shrink from, but
disqualifies them for the turmoil and battle of
public life. They have a higher and a holier
mission. It is in retiracy. to make the char-
acter of coming men. Their mission is at
home, by their blandishments and their love to
assuage the passions of men as they come in
from the battle of life, and not themselves by
joining in the contest to add fuel to the very
flames.
The learned and eloquent Senatorfrom Penn-
sylvania said yesterday with great beauty that
he wanted to cast the angel element into the
suffrage system of America. Sir, it seems to
me that it would be ruthlessly tearing the angel
element from the homes of America; and the
homes of the people of America are infinitely
more valuable than any suffrage system. It
will be a sorry day for this country when those
vestal fires of piety and love are put out.
Mr. President, it seems to me that the Chris-
tian religion, which has elevated woman to her
true position as a peer by the side of man, from
which she was taken; that religion which is a
part of the common law of this land, in its very
spirit and declaraiions recognizes man as the
representative of woman. The very structure
of that religion which for centuries has been
being built recognizes that principle, and it is
written on its very door-posts. The woman, it
is true, was first tempted; but it was in Adam
that we all died. The angel, it is true, appeared
to Mary; but it is in the God-man that we are
all made alive.
I do not see that there is any parity of reason-
ing between the case of the women of America,
entitling them or making it desirable that they
should have suffrage, and that of the colored
citizen of the United States.
( Mr. CONNESS. It does not appear that
we can come to a vote to-night upon this prop-
osition, and I therefore rise to propose an
adjournment.
Mr. MORitlLL. Perhapswe can get a vote
on this simple amendment.
Mr. CROWN and others. Oh, no; let us
adjourn.
Mr. MORRILL. I doubt whether there is
any inclination to talk further on this amend-
ment, and I should be glad to get a vote 011 it
before we adjourn.
Mr. CONNESS. If the Senate will come
to a vote, I will not move an adjournment.
Mr. BilOWN. Mr. President 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If the honorable Sen-
ator from Missouri will give way, I will renew
the morion to adjourn.
Mr. BROWN. I do not care particularly
to detain the Senate. I have but a very few
remarks to make.
Several senators. Let us adjourn.
■ Mr. DOOLITTLE. If the honorable Sen-
ator will give way I will renew the motion to
adjourn.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Chair understand the Senator from Missouri
as yielding the floor?
Mr. BROWN. Yes, sir.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, December 11, 18G6.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
Another member appeared, namely, Mr.
Ashley, of Nevada.
republicans of louisiana.
Mr. KEL'LEY. I present the memorial and
resolutions of the central executive committee
of the Republican party of Louisiana, and move
that it be referred to the committee on recon-
struction, and printed.
. The motion was agreed to.
sale of coin.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to introduce a bill to
regulate the sale of coin and bullion by the
Secretary of the Treasury, for the purpose of
having it referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object
to this bill, or any other of the same charac-
ter. Their tendency is to put the matter of
our currency and finances in the hands of the
gold gamblers of Wall street. I hope the bill
will not be received.
Mr. INGERSOLL. In reply to the remark
of my colleague, [Mr. Wasebcrne,] I have to
say that the object of this bill is to take the
matter out of the hands of the gold gamblers i
and to put a stop to gold gambling, whereby \
the sudden fluctuations in the price of gold will !
be stopped; and this bill proposes to put it out |
of the power of the Secretary of the Treasury '
to wield a golden scepter more powerful than
that of any monarch in the world, a scepter of
$95,000,000 in gold. This bill provides that
the Secretary of the Treasury shall give public
notice whenever the amount of gold in the
Treasury shall exceed $50,000,000, and that
he shall 
Mr. BRANDEGEE. I rise to a point of
order, and that is that this debate is all out
of order.
The SPEAKER. The point of order is well
taken.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I only desire to reply
to the remarks of my colleague, [Mr. Wasii-
bukne.]
Mr. WASHBURNE. of Illinois. I object
to the reception of the bill.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Very well; if the gen-
tleman is on the side of speculators, I cannot
help it. I give notice that I will at some future
time introduce this bill.
representation" op nohtij carolina.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the
credentials of Alexander H. Jones, claiming
to be elected a member from the seventh con-
gressional district of North Carolina; which,
under the order of the House of last session,
were referred to the joint committee on re-
construction.
committee vacancy filled.
The SPEAKER announced the appointment
of Mr. Taylor, of Tennessee, to fill a vacancy
upon the select committee to investigate the
New Orleans riots.
enrolled bills signed.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that they had examined and
found truly enrolled a bill with the following
title, namely: an act (S. No. 327) granting a
pension to Mrs. Katharine P. Winslow; when
the Speaker signed the same.
order op business.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois, called for the
regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
during the morning hour is the call of commit-
tees for reports, commencing with the Com-
mittee of Claims, where the call rested on
Thursday last.
committee oe claims.
Mr. DELANO, from the Committee of
Claims, reported the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
liesofoed. That the Committee of Claims have power
to send for persons and papers when in their opin-
ion it may be necessary to do so in the investigation
of claims before said committee.
organization of the house.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, from the Committee
on the Judiciary, reported a bill to regulate tile
duties of the Clerk of the House of Repre-
sentatives in preparing for the organization
of the House, and for other purposes; which
was read a first and second time.
The bill was read at length. The first sec-
tion provides that before the first meeting of
the next Congress, and of every subsequent
Congress, the Clerk of the next preceding
House of Representatives shall make a roll of
the Representatives elected, and place thereon
the names of all persons claiming seats as Rep-
resentatives elected from States which were
represented in the next preceding Congress
whose credentials shall show that they were
regularly elected in accordance with the laws
of their States respectively, or the laws of the
United States.
The second section provides that in case of
a vacancy in the office of Clerk of the House
of Representatives, or of absence or inability
of said Clerk to discharge the duties imposed
on him by law or custom relative to the prep-
aration of a roll of Representatives for the
organization of the House of Representatives,
the said duties shall devolve on the Sergeant-a't-
Arms of the next preceding House of Repre-
sentatives ; and in case of vacancies in both
the before mentioned officers, or the absence
or inability of both the Clerk and the Sergeant-
at-Arms to act, then the said duties shall be
performed by the Doorkeeper of the next pre-
ceding House of Representatives.
The third section provides that a violation
of the provisions of this act by any officer men-
tioned therein shall be deemed a felony, and
upon conviction thereof the officer shall be
punished by imprisonment at hard labor for a
term not less than one or more than five years,
in the discretion of the court.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I will state that
the only change in the existing law made by the
first section of this bill is to direct the Clerk of
the House of Representatives in making up the
roll of Representatives, to put on it the name of
no person from a State not represented in the
next preceding Congress. In other respects
the section follows the existing law.
The second section provides for a succession
of officers to discharge the duties prescribed
by the first seclion. Under existing law, in
case of the absence of the Clerk, or his inability
to act, there is no provision for the duties being
performed by any other person. This second
section provides that iu that case the duties
shall devolve upon the Sergeant-at-Arms of the
next preceding House of Representatives, and
in the ease of a vacancy also in the office of
Sergeant-at-Arms, or ol'his inability to act.Hhen
the duties shall be performed by the Door-
keeper of the next preceding House.
The last section of the bill contains merely a
provision for the enforcement of the preceding
provisions of the bill; providing for punish-
ment bj* imprisonment of any breach of the
provisions of the act in respect to the duties
prescribed.
1 will now call the previous question on the
passageof the bill, unless some member desires
some further explanation.
