186?.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
831
upon New England by southern votes, but she
has availed herself most enterprisingly and
most wisely of the system, and she has grown
rich (although she protested against it) in con-
sequence of the system. At any rate, she has
not grown poorer than her neighbors because
of the system; she has gone on to prosper
about as rapidly as any of the people of the
neighboring States. What has built up the
large and valuable manufactories of New Eng-
land? Were they not brought into existence
and are they not now kept in existence by
means of a protective tariff? Frequently a tariff
protective upon its face and designed to be
protective ; at other times a tariff incidentally
protective because of the revenue derived from
the tax itself.
Now, what does she ask us to do in Maryland
and New York and elsewhere? We have in
Maryland mines inexhaustible in supply, but
at a distance from the sea-board of some three
hundred miles. We have to get the material
to the sea-board to supply the wants of the
whole community. Maryland has been obliged
to construct a railroad from Baltimore to the
mines, and she has almost entirely—for there
■was very little aid obtained elsewhere in the
construction of the canal—constructed the
Chesapeake and Ohio canal. The investment
in the latter, the Chesapeake and Ohio canal,
has never yielded her one dollar, and perhaps
never will. The investment in the railroad for
years and years did not give her a dollar. It
is now becoming a remunerative enterprise.
But the coal never could have been brought to
market except by means of the railroad, and
we are able to get now to the sea-board coal at
a price of some four or five dollars. The pres-
ent toll upon coal on the railroad may be for
aught I know too high; but notwithstanding
the toll and the expense of taking it to market
it can be sold for some five or six dollars in
Baltimore, and sold in Boston after awhile for
some seven or eight dollars.
Now, why does my friend object to our having
the protection which this duty will afford us as
against Nova Scotia coal? Why, to put it in
another form,' do we legislate in reference to a
foreign Government territorially? Is such a
thing done anywhere by any other Govern-
ment? " Bring your coal from Europe,'' says
my friend's amendment, "and we will charge
you $1 50; but we choose to protect your terri-
tory, your Provinces, and if you will bring it
from your territories or your Provinces we will
charge you only fifty cents." Suppose the
New England people did not own Nova Scotia
coal, would they think of discriminating against
the proprietors of coal mines in Europe by
making them (although the expense of bring-
ing the commodity to market is five or ten
times as great as that of bringing the commod-
ity to market from Nova Scotia) pay SI 50,
and only charge the Nova Scotia coal fifty
cents? I am satisfied they would not, and such
a thing never has been done anywhere.
The only reason that can be assigned for
describing the line as the honorable member's
amendment does is because it includes the
Nova Scotia mines, in which many of his con-
stituents are interested as owners. I have
every reason to believe that the honorable
member will not contradict me in that partic-
ular : and the rest of them who arc not inter-
ested as owners are interested as the owners
of the factories.
Then, Mr. President, if he is right in his
statistics, if you reduce the. tax from $1 SO to
fifty cents you lessen the revenue between
three and four hundred thousand dollars, and
while you are lessening the revenue to the
amount of three or four hundred thousand dol-
lars you are striking a blow more or less seri-
ous upon the domestic interests of our own
couutry.
Mr. SUMNER. I moved the amendment
as I did when informed, as I was for the first
time after I rose, that the clause which I
moved to insert had been stricken out. I had
been told by a member of the committee that
the second'clause had been preserved, and
therefore had I simply moved, as I proposed,
to substitute "fifty ccnts" for "$150" in
that clause, I ghould have accomplished all
my purpose. Understanding, however, that
the clause itself was stricken out, I then, in
order to bring the question before the Senate,
moved to restore the clause ; but I think I can
bring the question still more closely to the
Senate, and as that amendment is entirely
within my own power I shall withdraw it, and
move to substitute in the clause which has
been adopted by the Senate "fifty cents" for
"SI 50," so that the tax on all imported coal
shall be fifty cents.
Mr. JOHNSON. That will reduce the rev-
enue a great deal more.
Mr. SUMNER. No, I think very likely it
would increase the revenue. I do not go,
however, into that calculation. I have not
the details. I have not the statistics. By that
change in my amendment I meet precisely
three quarters of the speech of the Senator
from Maryland ; I eliminate all that he has
said with regard to coal imported from Great
Britain and the partialities that I am supposed
to show for New England in comparison with
New York. I make the proposition general:
I ask that all imported coal shall come in at
fifty cents a ton ; m other words, that the pro-
posed tax shall be reduced from $1 50 to fifty j
cents.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Allow me to say to the
honorable Senator from Massachusetts that I
think he will hardly be so likely to accomplish
his objcct by doing that as he would by his
first proposition. I shall feel bound, as chair-
man of the committee reporting the bill and
reporting the conclusion of the committee, to
vote against the motion myself, although I
should desire to have a fifty-cent duty on Nova
Scotia coal, and I think it is enough and would j
not interfere with anybody ; but if the Senator
makes his amendment general, so as to put me ;
in the situation of voting againstthe conclusion |
the committee came to, I shall be obliged to ;!
separate from him on this question. 1
Mr. SHERMAN. I simply rise to express ,j
the hope that the friends of this bill will not '■]
give the enemies of it the right to make the ,j
allegation that my honorable friend from Mis-
souri did awhile ago. that when wo come to an
article that yields us a handsome revenue we
throw that away and abandon the idea of pro-
tection. There are four or five articles in the |
tariff list on which we propose to throw off I
revenue, and one of these is the article of 1
coal. We now get a duty of $1 2operton, and
the Senator from Massachusetts says we im-
ported five hundred tliouand tons last year.
He states it too strongly, I think.
Mr. SUMNER. I am so informed.
Mr. SHERMAN. Taking it at his own
measurement, then, the Senator proposes that
we should surrender $ti25,000; or, if we reduce
the duty to fifty cents. $375,000. If we do
that on the article of coal, and then on the
article of scrap iron throw off about one hun-
dred thousand dollars, and go on in that way '
with regard to various articles which are con-
sumed wholly in the East, along the coast, we
shall subject this tariff bill Jo the very objec-
tions already made against it by western Sen-
ators.
I preferred to keep the duty on coal at $1 25,
but in voting for the proposition of the Sena-
tor from Maryland to fix it at$l 50 my motive
was simply to secure the revenue derived from
the article. The United States possess more
coal than is possessed in all the continent of
America besides. The United States contain
more coal than is contained in all Europe, and
our coal is finer than any in the wcwld, our
anthracite being unsurpassed anywhere. If,
th< rofore, there is any article that ought not
to be imported into this country it is the arti-
cle of coal, because we have the raw article in
unbounded extent, it is quarried out by our
own miners, thus giving employment to a class
of hardv and adventurous laborers; we em-
ploy in "its transportation our own railroads
and canals, thus supplying our internal im-
provements ; and our ships carry every ton of
coal that is transported along the sea-coast
from one port of the country to another; so
that every item in the price of coal in Boston
is American labor; and hence if there is any
article to which the doctrine of protection'
ought to apply it is coal.
Now, you propose to surrender the revenue
derived from coal under the tariff, upon the
principle that cheap coal would be advantage-
ous to New England. Then you surrender the
whole argument. If it is important to have
cheap coal in New England, is it not important
to us in Ohio to have cheap iron? Is it not
important to us to have cheap cloth? Is it
not important to us to clothe all the poor peo-
ple with the coarse jeans that are necessary for
their comfort? Is it not necessary to reduce
the price of the commodities which enter into
our consumption? Are not food and clothing
and all those articles which we purchase as
important to us as coal is to New England?
I think Senators ought to apply the principle
logically. I believe I have not in any case
voted to reduce the duty on any article that
now yields a revenue, and I think I shall not
do so. I consented originally, at the urgent
request of several others, to waive it on coal
to a certain extent; but, on consideration, I
think that if we waive it on so important an
article of revenue as coal, -we shall subject this
bill to the criticism that has already been very
forcibly made against it, and we shall probably
lead to its defeat, because we cannot surren-
der the revenue derived from these various
sources without endangering the passage of
the bill; and certainly the revenue considera-
tion is the only reason I have for supporting
the measure.
I shall vote, therefore, for a reasonable duty
on coal. Now, a duty of $1 25 a ton, although
it appears to be high, is only about thirty per
cent., and therefore a less rate of duty than is
imposed on many other articles. The value
of Cumberland coal in the mountains, I sup-
pose, is not more than two dollars a ton; but
when brought to market at Baltimore it is
worth five or six dollars, I presume, so that a
duty of $1 25 is only about twenty-five per
cent, on the article in the market. It is at the
lowest revenue rate. It seems to me that to
throw off this duty or to reduce it to fifty cents
a ton, which is only ten per cent, on the market
value, when the article yields $625,000 accord-
ing to the Senator from Massachusetts, is going
too far.
Mr. SUMNER. I am obliged to the Sena-
tor from Ohio for the speech he has interpo-
lated into the remarks I was making.
Mr. SHERMAN. I thought the Senator
was through.
Mr. SUMNER. I am obliged to the Sena-
tor. I always listen to him with pleasure. He
knows that. He has certainly shed light on
the discussion now. But he will allow me to
call him back to the precise point. The Sen-
ator says we should lose a revenue. Are we
not now disposed to reduce the taxation of the
country? Is not that an urgent need? Is not
that a call that we have from all quarters?
You have listened to-day to a proposition from
the Senator from Kentucky to instruct the
eommitteetoreduce the taxation $100,000,000.
Now, without following the Senator from Ken-
tucky in that proposition, I do insist that, where
we can, on articles of prime necessity, we should
reduce taxation. Therefore when the Senator
from Ohio tells me that if my proposition is
adopted wo shall lose a certain amount of rev-
enue derived from coal, I have an easy reply.
Very well, let us lose that amount of revenue
derived from coal; you ought not to obtain it;
coal ought not to be one of your taxed articles.
So far as possible coal should be cheap. That
, is the proposition with which Ibegan and ended;
j and it' I do not impress that upon the Senate I
; certainlv fail in what I attempted.
I Mr. GRIMES. Why should it be cheap ?
| Mr. SUMNER. Because it enters into the
j necessaries of life, and because it is a motive
\ power that works our manufactories.
