1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
67
Mr. GARFIELD. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a moment?
Mr. WILSON1, of Iowa. Yes, sir.
Mr. GARFIELD. I desire to suggest a
point which occurs to me. Suppose, for in-
stance, that on the last day of this session the
two Houses of Congress should declare Arkan-
sas entitled to representation, but that at that
time no person should appear to represent that
State. Now, if I have understood correctly
the language of the bill as presented by the
gentleman from Iowa, at the opening of the
next Congress Representatives-elect from that
State could not take any part in the organiza-
tion of the House; for this bill declares that
the names of no persons shall be placed on the
roll except those coming from States that were
represented in the next preceding Congress.
It seems to me that the language of the bill
should be so modified as to provide for placing
on the roll the names of Representatives, not
only from States represented in the preceding
Congress, but also from States that had been
declared entitled to representation. It occurs
to me that this point ought to be covered.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I would suggest
to the gentleman that the remedy for the diffi-
culty he suggests would be that a resolution
declaring Arkansas entitled to representation
should provide for placing upon the roll of the
next House the names of the persons claiming
to be members from that State. It would be
just as easy to include that in such a resolu-
tion as to provide forall these cases in this bill;
and I think it would be the easier method of
disposing of this matter. I renew the demand
for the previous question.
Mr. FINCK. I wish to inquire whether this
bill has been printed.
Mr. Vi ILSON. of Iowa. It has not.
Mr. FINCK. It certainly is a measure of
much importance, and ought to be printed and
deliberately considered. I hope that the gen-
tleman will agree that the bill shall be printed
and its consideration fixed for some day certain.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. If the gentleman
heard the explanation which I made of the
bill I think he can have no difficulty in under-
standing it. The only material change made
in the existing law is, as I have stated, that in
the first section of the bill it is declared that
the Clerk, in making up his roll of Represent-
atives, shall not put upon it the name of any
person from a State not represented in the next
preceding Congress.
Mr. FINCK. That is just what I object to.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I have no doubt of
that.
Mr. FINCK. I shall call for the yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, there
being—ayes 80, noes 28.
The main question was ordered; and under
the operation thereof the bill was ordered 'to
be engrossed and read a third time; and
being engrossed, it was accordingly read the
third time.
The question being on the passage of the
bill,
Mr. ROGERS called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 124, nays 81, not voting
86 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Anderson, Arnell,
Be!oa R. Ashley, James .M."A>h!cy, Baker, -Baldwin,
Barker, Baxter, Beainan, Benjamin, Bidwell, Btng-
hain, Blaine, Blow. Boutwell, Brandegee.Bromwell,
Broomall, Buck'tand, Bundy, Reader W. Clarke, Sid-
ney Clarke, Cobb, Conkling, Cook, Oullom, Darling,
Dawes, Defrees, Delano, Deming, Dixon, Donnelly,
Eckley, Eggleston, Eliot, Farnivrorth, Farquhar,
Ferry, Garfield, Grinnell, Hale, Abner C. Harding,
Hart, Hayes, Henderson, Higby, Hill, Holmes,
Hooper, Chester D. Hubbard, John H. Hubbard,
JamesR. Hubbell, Hulburd, Ingersoll, Jenckes. J.u-
lian, Kasson, Kelley, Kelso, Ivctebam, Koontz, Kiiy-
kendall, Lsiflin, Latham, George V. Lawrence, Wil-
liam Lawrence, Longyear, Lynch, Marston, Marvin,
Maynard, MoClurg, Mclndoe, McKee, McRucr, Mer-
cur. Miller, Moornead, Morrill, Morris, Moulton,
O'Neill, Orth, Paine, -Patterson, Pcrham. Pike, Pfcmts,
Pomeroy, Price, William II. Randall, Raymond,
Alexander H. Rice, John H, Rieo, Rollins, Sawyer,
Schenek, Scofleld, Shellabarsrer, Sloan, Spalding,
Starr, Stevens, Stokes, Thayer, Francis Thomas, J olm
L. Thomas, Trowbridge, Upson, Van Aernam, Burt
Van Hoi n, Hamilton Ward, Elihu B. Washburne,
William B. Washburn, Welker, Went worth, Williams,
I James I?. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, Windom, and
| Woodbridge—124.
i NAYS—Messrs. Ancona, Bergen, Boyer, Campbell,
Cooper, Dawson, Eldndge, Fmck,Glossbrenner, Good-
year, Aaron Hai'ding, Hise, Edwin N, Hubbell, Hun-
ter, LeBlond, Marshall, Niblack, Nicholson, Samuel
J. Randall, Ritter, Rogers, Ross. Rousseau, Shank-
hn, SitKreaves.Stilwr-U, Tabor, Nathaniel G.Taylor,
Nelson Taylor. Trimble, and Andrew H.Ward—31.
NOT VOTING —Messrs. Ames, Banks, Chanler,
Culver, Davis, Denison, Dodge, Driggs, Dumoni.
Griswold, Harris, Hawkins, Hogan, Hotchkiss, Asahel
W. Ilubbard, DemasHubbard, Humphrey. Johnson,
.Tones, Kerr, Left.wich, Loan, MeCullough, Myers,
Newell, Noell, Phelps, Radford, Strouse, Thornton,
Robert T. Van Horn, Warner, Henry D. Washburn,
Whaley, Winfield, and Wright—36.
So the bill was passed.
During the roll-call,
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania, said: I
desire to announce that the gentleman from
New York, Mr. Winfield, is detained from
the House by sickness.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. In explanation of the
absence of my colleague, Mr. Wakneh, on this
and other votes to-day, I desire to state that
he is detained at his home by sickness.
The result of the vote was announced as
above stated.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill waspassed: and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter "motion was agreed to.
COUNTING THE ELECTORAL VOTES.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, reported from the
Committee on the Judiciary, with a reeomend-
ation that it pass, a bill to prevent the recep-
tion and counting of illegal electoral votes in
the election of President and Vice President
of the United States : which was read a first
and second time, and reported at length.
The Clerk then read the bill in cxtenso.
Mr. FINCK. I want to make the same
inquiry in regard to this I did in regard to the
other bill; whether it has been printed ?
Mr. "IVILSON of Iowa. This bill has not
been printed.
Mr. FINCK. It is a matter of great im-
portance, and ought not to be pressed without
some discussion and some examination. I
hope the gentleman will agree to have the bill
printed and postponed to a day certain.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I will
briefly explain this bill, and then, if it be the
desire of the House to have it postponed, I will
interpose no objection.
I will state that in the preparation of the bill
and preamble the committee was careful not
to go beyond the precedents already established.
In the recital of the preamble we have adopted
the declaration of the President of the United
States, thai the revolutionary progress made by
the people of the South deprived certain por-
tions of the Union of civil governments. We
accept that declaration of the President.
We have also followed the declaration made
by Congress in the joint resolution providing
for the admission of members from the State
of Tennessee, that the political relation of
portions of the Union represented formerly as
the States named in Congress can only be
restored by consent of the law-making power
of the United States. LTpon those two dec-
larations we base the justification of the sec-
tion of the bill. In the preparation of the bill
we have followed the precedent established by
the Thirty-Eighth Congress when the follow-
ing jloint resolution was passed:
Joint resolution declaring certain States not entitled
to representation in the Electoral College.
Whereas the inhabitants and local authorities of
the States of Virginia, North Carolina, South Car-
olina, Georgia, Florida, Alabama, Mississippi, Louisi-
ana, Texas, Arkansas, and Tennessee rebelled against
the Government of the United States, and were in
such condition on the 8th day of November, 1864, that
no valid election for President and Vice President
of the United States, according to the Constitution
and laws thereof, was held therein on said day:
Therefore,
Be it rcsttlved by the Semite and Ilo-wm of Represent-
atives of th<; United States of America in Congress
Dxsembled, That the States mentioned in the pream-
ble to this joint resolution are not entitled to repre-
: sentation in the Electoral College for the choice of
President and Vice President of the United States
for the term of oSico commencing on the 4th day of
March, 1805: and no electoral votes shall be received
or counted from^said States concerning the choice of
President and Vice President for said term of office.
Approved February 8,18(55.
So the only difference between this prece-
dent established by the Thirty-Eighth Congress
and the section of the bill now reported is, that
the joint resolution of the Thirty-Eighth Con-
gress was confined in its operations to the pres-
idential elections of 1864, while this bill pro-
vides that it shall apply indefinitely.
Mr. FINCK. I ask the gentleman to yield
to me a moment.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Yes, sir.
Mr. FINCK. Is there not another differ-
ence, that we were at that time in the midst of
war, while we are now in the midst of peace?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. We were at that
time in the midst of war; but we think, sir,
that the effects of that war upon those commu-
nities exist to-day; holding as we do with the
President that that war against the Govern-
ment of the- United States deprived those peo-
ple of all civil governments, and being deprived
of all civil governments they cannot be per-
mitted to participate in an election of President
and Vice President of the United States until
they shall have been provided with civil gov-
ernments ; and Congress in the Tennessee case
declared that could only be done, that the rela-
tion thus disturbed could only be restored by
the consent of the law-making power of the
United States.
No such consent has been given to the peo-
ple of those portions of the United States set
out in the preamble of this bill and in the body
of the bill itself. Consequently the conclusion
we draw must be correct, that, being deprived
of civil governments, having their political re-
lations so disturbed as that they are not. enti-
tled to appear in the Congres,s of the United
States in the persons of Senators and Repre-
sentatives, and that their former condition can
only be acquired again by the consent of the
law-making power, I say our conclusion is cor-
rect that no electoral votes should be received
from communities of that character. That, sir,
is the whole case presented by this bill. I
now yield to the gentleman from New York.
Mr. HALE. Mr. Speaker, withoftt express-
ing any opinion upon the merits of this bill, I
beg leave to appeal to this House not to force
action upon it this morning without its being
printed, without an opportunity for its exam-
ination bv members, and without an opportu-
nity for discussion. It is certainly as grave a
question as has ever engaged the attention
even of this Congress, whose time has been
occupied with grave questions from its com-
mencement; and it does strike me that the case
is not so clear in regard to precedent as has
been stated by the chairman of the Committee
on the Judiciary in his argument. It does not
necessarily follow—and gentlemen will not
understand me as attempting to controvert the
truth of the gentleman's position, but merely
to state that 1 am not satisfied with his argu-
ment as it stands now—it does not necessarily
follow that what was within the sphere of
Congress at a time when rebellion was actu-
ally raging, is a necessary precedent for action
to-day, when, whatever may be the theory in
regard to the status of the States lately in
rebellion, it cannot bo claimed that we are in
a state of bello flagrante.
Now, while for myself I do conceive that it
is in the power of Congress to determine to a
certain extent when, how, and how far States
shall be restored to their representation in
Congress and in the Electoral College, I also
believe with equal sincerity that there is a limit
to that power by this body, and that it does
not lie with this Congress under all circum-
stances and in all eases, in time of peace as
well as in time of war, to say that certain
States or communities shall not be represented
upon this floor.
I therefore urge .the gentleman who reports
this bill, and I urge the majority of this Honse,
