832
TBI CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
Mr. .GRIMES. Will the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts allow me to inquire liow much of
this Pictou coal is used for any other purpose
than manufacturing purposes and for making
gas ? Is it ever used at all for fuel?
Mr. SUMNER. I think it is.
Mr. CRESWELL. The Senator from Maine
[Mr. Pessenden] the other day based his
entire argument on the supposition that Cum-
berland coal could not come in competition
with Pictou coal, for the reason that the latter
was used exclusively for gas and the other was
not fitted for that use. Now, sir, let us have
the argument in some shape consistent.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well, I give you the
argument in the shape in which I use it. I
say that the article is necessary to us in New
England. It enters into our daily life; it enters
into the economies of every house; it enters
into the expenses of every citizen. It enters,
therefore, into the welfare of the community,
and you cannot tax that coal without making
the whole community feel it, whether rich or
poor. Every poor man feels it. If I said the
rich man felt it, you would reply, " That makes
no difference, let him feel it." I insist that
every poor man feels it, and I insist still further
that all who are interested ip the manufactures,
of the country necessarily feel it, not only the
Eroducers and the owners of the manufactories
ut all who use the products of their looms. I
say that as a motive power it ought to be made
cheap and to be kept cheap. Now the policy
seems to be to make it dear and keep it dear.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him one question? •
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I like the Senator's
argument jast where he is now; but I wish to
ask him whether, if by a tariff you raise the
price of every yard of cheap woolen goods and
cheap cotton goods, it is not a direct tax on
the labor of the poor man of the West who has
to buy them?
Mr. CRESWELL, [to Mr. Sumner.] That
is the application of your argument.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator from Mary-
land says that is the application of my argu-
ment. Pardon me, not at all; because the tax
that is imposed on cotton and on woolen goods,
though on that I say nothing—I have had very
little to do with imposing any such tax—is not
oppressive on any part of the country, it does
not bear hard on the constituents of the Sen-
ator nor ou the constituents of any Senator on
this floor, whereas the proposition now under
consideration, the increase of the tax on coal,
will bear hard upon a whole community and
upon all its interests ; and that is the precise
difference between the two cases.
The Senator from Ohio seemed to speak of
this with perfect tranquillity, as if there was
nothing in it oppressive or even open to criti-
cism. Ho thought we might tax coal as we
tax any other article. I differ from him on that
proposition. I do not think you should tax
coal as you tax other articles, and I further do
not think you should impose any tax which
bears with special hardship, so as to be some-
thing akin to injustice, on any particular part
of ou.r country. That is my answer to the
arguments that have been put forth by the
Senator from Maryland and to the inquiry of
the Senator from Indiana. And now I come
back 
Mr. FOWLER. I should like to ask the
Senator from Massachusetts if there is any dif-
ference in the uses made of the coal which is
brought from beyond the thirtieth degree of
longitude and that which is brought from within
that degree?^
Mr. SUMNER. I am not aware that there
is any difference. I think that the two coals
are very much alike.
Mr. FOWLER. Do I understand the prop-
osition to be to put all down to fifty cents?
Mr. SUMNER. I am coming to that now.
When the Senator interrupted me I said that
1 would now ask attention to the form of the
proposition. When I made my motion a little
whil" a,1 moved to restore a certain clause
which had been struck out. The Senator from
Maryland [Mr. Johnson] objected to that on
the ground of the discrimination it would in-
troduce between what we wilt'call Nova Scotia
coal and British coal. To meet that argument,
and at the suggestion of those who were inter-
ested in the question, I proposed to modify my
amendment. I should prefer the amendment
in the modified form, as I should prefer to have
all coals as cheap as possible ; but the Senator
from Maine, who is chairman of the Committee
on Finance, having the subject specially in
charge, objects to that proposition. He says
that it cannot have his support; he does not
think so favorably of it as of the proposition
that I first presented. I shall, therefore, with-
out hesitation, go back to the proposition I
first presented, for I wish to unite upon it as
many votes as possible. I do not wish by
broadening it to throw off any support which
it might naturally have. I therefore shall re-
new that proposition and shall leave open the
question after the Senate has acted upon that
proposition, what shall be done with coals com-
ing from east of the line of thirty degrees of
longitude.
And now one word as to the discrimination
between those two coals. I understand that
we derive that from what I may call the tradi-
tional policy of the country for ten or fifteen
years certainly, beginning with the reciprocity
treaty. By the reciprocity treaty the other
coal came in free, and it was then arranged
that the English coal should be taxed $1 50.
If that tax should be left in the bill we should
only continue the traditional policy of the Gov-
ernment. What I desire now is to have a vote
of the Senate with regard to what we will call
the Nova Scotia coal; the coal trade with the
British Provinces which is this side of the line
of thirty degrees of longitude, east of Wash-
ington, and therefore I will move to restore
the clause that was stricken out on page 85,
being lines twenty-one, twenty-two, twenty-
three, and twenty-four, the effect of which will
be that all coal from any place not more than
thirty degrees of longitude east of Washington
will come in at fifty cents a ton duty.
Mr. CRAGIN. When this question was be-
fore the Senate a day or two since on the motion
of the Senator from Maryland, [Mr. Johnsox,]
I voted for the amendment to place the duty
upon this coal at $1 50, the same duty as that
provided in the bill for coals from Europe. For
one I could sec no good reason why coal com-
ing from New Brunswick or Nova Scotia should
pay a less duty than coal coming from Great
Britain of the same description and precisely
alike. Being the only Senator in this Chamber
from New England, I believe, who voted for
that amendment, I desire to make this state-
ment. I yield to no man on this floor in my
love for New England or my desire to promote
her substantial interests; but I remember that
there is an impression abroad in this country
that the people are greatly taxed for support of'
New England interests and New England man-
ufactures ; and as a New England man I do not
believe that it is for our interest as a whole that
we should single out one article, like this coal
coming from Nova Scotia, and make a differ-
ence in favor of that section of country. As a
man interested in New England and its pros-
perity I believe such legislation is injurious to
our interests.
I agree that coal is an essential article for
manufacturing purposes and for fuel, and I
should be glad if it could be furnished cheap
to all the people of this country; but our
necessities require that certain taxes should
be raised ; and if it is the policy to tax coal
coming from beyond thirty degrees of longi-
tude east of Washington gl 50 a ton, then I
shall adhere to my vote on the amendment of
the Senator from Maryland and vote to place
the coals of New Brunswick and Nova Scotia
in precisely the same category.
My impression, Mr. President, is that the
owners of the coal mines in Nova Scotia aic
more interested in this proposition than the
consumers of that coal. I am not aware that
my constituents to any considerable extent
hqtve any interest in these mines in Nova Sco-
tia ; but I know that there are gentlemen in
Massachusetts who are interested in these
mines, and who have already made large for-
tunes out of the working of these mines and
the sale, of the products. Sir, I am in favor
so far as possible of equal legislation upon
this subject, not class legislation, not legislat-
ing specially for any one interest, but for the
whole country ; and let us not make any dis-
crimination in this direction. I believe that
New England's interests will be safe if we are
judicious and prudent in our legislation ; but
if we attempt to grasp too much, if we seek to
confirm this impression, which I think is not
correct, that our interests are being provided
for unduly, we may in the end lose. There-
fore, I think that in my vote the other day and
the one I shall cast to-day I vote for the sub-
stantial interests of New England.
Mr. CRESWELL. This question was so
fully discussed the other day that I do not
deem it necessary to enter into any compli-
cated investigation of the 'figures as applica-
ble to the amount of importations and the
amount of revenue. It is sufficient, I think,
to say, as the Senator from Ohio said in reply
to the Senator from Massachusetts, that the
proposition cannot certainly in any light be
regarded as a measure for revenue, because
by the admission made by the Senator from
Massachusetts, there being an importation of
five hundred thousand tons, under the present
rate of duty the amount derived would be
$625,000. Now, sir, one of two things is true:
either the gentleman expects that the rev-
enue will be diminished, or else he expects
that the importation will be greatly increased.
Take either horn of the dilemma and he must
abandon one or the other of the arguments
which he makes, because in the first place he
must no longer contend that it is with a view
to revenue, or in the next place he must cease
to insist upon the bill remaining as he designs
it shall because of the small amount of import-
ations into New England when the very ex-
pectation entertained is that the importation
shall be increased four or five fold. It fell with
great pertinency from the Senator from New
Hampshire when he said just now that this
controversy was not as between the consumer
and producer, but between different producers,
and any gentleman who will review the history
of this measure cannot but be led conclusively
to that opinion.
This measure started in the other House in
the custody of this Nova Scotia interest; and
the fact is that they were not content merely
to insist that coal should be imported from a
line west of the thirtieth meridian at a low
duty, but in order to increase their profits they
actually increased the rate of duty upon coal
to be imported from any port east of that me-
ridian. Who asked for that increase ? Was it
the coal interest of Maryland or the coal inter-
est of West Virginia or the coal interest of
Pennsylvania? Wras it any coal interest in this
country? No, sir; that addition was made to
this tariff, started in the other House, in the
interest of these Nova Scotia operators and
with a view to give them an opportunity to
charge an additional price for the coal they
might import into New England.
How was it when the bill came to this House
with the provision making the distinction by a'
geographical line stricken out and with a rate
of duty on this article the same that we now
ask for, namely, $1 50aton? This same inter-
est went before the Finance Committee, and
they were not content there to have the duty
remain as the entire coal interest of this coun-
try was content it should be, at $1 25 a ton;
but in order to increase their profits, in order
to give them an opportunity to charge an en-
hanced price in the ports of New England,
they again interpolated the same clause into
the bill, and provided that there should be ap
increase in the rate of duty charged upon coals
coming from any point east of the thirtieth
meridian of longitude.
