1508
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
pletes the amendments reported by the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Mr. CHANDLER. I am directed by the
Committee on Commerce to oiler an amend-
ment on page (>, after line one hundred and
fourteen to insert the following:
Tor salary of United States consul at Chomnitz,
Saxony, $2,000, which consulate is hereby estab-
lished.
I hold in my hand letters from the consul-
general of Saxony, likewise the Saxon consul
at New York, and from the Secretary of State,
all recommending that this consulate be es-
tablished. I will not trouble the Senate with
reading them. ' The committee were unani-
mous in recommending it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The amendment does
not state exactly when the salary is to begin, or
anything about it.
Mr. CHANDLER. There is no consul
there now, and of course the salary would
not commence until the consul was appointed
and confirmed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suggest to the Senator,
instead of the amendment that he proposes,
that he insert " Chemnitz" in the list of consu-
lates on page 4, and then add so much to the
whole sum appropriated.
Mr. CHANDLER. Very well; it is imma-
terial to me where it is put.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will ask the Senator
why he puts the salary at $2,000. Is not that
more than the other consuls receive ?
Mr. CHANDLER. That is the amount
recommended by the Secretary of State.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The salaries of the
three new consulates we have established at
Home, Quebec, and Spezzia are fixed at
$1,500.
Mr. CHANDLER. I know, but this is
deemed to be the proper amount by the De-
partment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then the Clerk can
insert "Chemnitz" after "Canton," in line
sixty-seven, page 4, and after the word " Zu-
rich," in line eighty-six, insert "and the sal-
ary of the consul at Chemnitz shall be $2,000
per annum;" and on page 5, lines one hun-
dred and six and one hundred and seven the
sum appropriated should be $431,000 instead
of $429,000, adding $2,000 to the amount. That
will make it right.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Michigan accept the amendment
suggested by the Senator from Maine in lieu
of his own proposition?
Mr. CHANDLER. Yes, sir.
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I offer the following amend-
ment a3 an additional section to the bill:
And be it further enacted, That the envoy extraor-
dinary and minister plenipotentiary of the United
States to Spain shall bo accredited as such to the
Government of Portugal; and it shall be the duty of
the said envoy to divide his time between the capi-
tals of Spain and Portugal as the interests of the
United Statesshall require; and for the additional
duties and expouses imposed by this act said envoy
shall receive an annual compensation of $5,000in addi-
tion to his present salary; and the salary of the Bec-
rotary of legation to Portugal shall be $2,500.
This makes the mission to Spain one of the
highest-class missions. By uniting the two
countries it adds to the standing and dignity
of the Spanish mission and costs the Govern-
ment no more. It adds $5,000 to the salary of
the minister to Spain, and allows $2,500 for a
secretary of legation. It settles this whole
controversy about Mr. Harvey.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope this amend-
ment will not be adopted. I do not think we
have sufficient information on the subject. It
seems to come from the honorable Senator
from Massachusetts; I do not know on what
grounds; I suppose on his own mere motion.
We certainly cannot change the character of our
missions without some more information than
we have on this subject on a mere motion
here. It may be that these missions could be
united, but Spain has a minister here, and
Portugal also has a minister here.
Mr. SUMNER. Not now.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is because the
minister is dead and his successor has not yet
been appointed. I do not know but that this
| might be done, but it ought to be done on con-
sideration by a committee. I do not think the
Senate is in a condition, on the motion of the
Senator, to abolish the mission to one country
and give a united mission to two countries to
one individual. It may be all right; it may be
done; or it may be not very proper or wise.
My complaint about it is that we have not suf-
ficient information on the subject. I suppose
it is a contrivance to give our old friend who is
minister to Spain some more salary. I know
he has been calling for it very loudly ; but with
all our regard for him, I think it is hardly
worth while—I do not remember what he gets
now 
Mr. SUMNER. Twelve thousand dollars.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is hardly worth while
to give him an additional mission and an addi-
tional secretary of legation, for he must have
one in each place, and probably he would have
no duties to perform in addition of any sort of
consequence, and thus raise the mission in that
way. I think the Senate would be acting
hastily and unwisely on a mere motion of this
sort to take a step that may be a step of con-
sequence. I hope it will not be done. At any
rate, a question of this character ought to be
submitted to a committee who could inquire
about it, get the necessary information on the
subject, and decide understandingly.
Mr. FOGG. I hope this amendment will be
adopted by the Senate, not as a favor to the
present incumbent of the Spanish mission, but
because I believe the principle to be right.
Those two countries of Spain and Portugal
occupy one peninsula, and the diplomatic busi-
ness there is not large. My own impression
is, and I believe that will ultimately be the
impression of Congress when they have invest-
igated the subject, that we should consolidate
a great portion of our smaller missions, and I
had intended to introduce a bill for that pur-
pose. In Europe it is the most common thing
in the world for missions to be thus united.
For instance, the Spanish minister to Switzer-
land is also accredited to the King of Bavaria,
to the King of Wiirtemberg, to the Grand
Duke of Baden, and I think one or two others
of the German Powers. Brazil is represented
in the same way. A great number of the min-
isters in Europe, at every Courtor nearly every
Court, except perhaps the first-class Courts, are
thus accredited to different Courts. I do not
think the ministers to Paris and London are
ever accredited to any other place.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Spain is a first-class
Power.
Mr. FOGG. Certainly it is. But take our
small missions in South America. There is
no reason in the world why one man should
not represent us just as well at two or three
Courts, where they are accessible, not far apart,
as one man at each. It would be a great sav-
ing. It would be a great saving to us pecuni-
arily, and it would enable us to employ better
men, men of more experience and more abil-
ity than the men we now have there. It
is a very general complaint that our foreign
ministers are not well paid. In some cases
it is a just complajnt; in gome cases I do
not think it is just." In some cases they are
very well paid. But there should be a gen-
eral reform of our diplomatic system. For
instance, I would accredit one minister to
Brussels and the Hague; I would accredit one
minister to Stockholm and to Copenhagen; I
would accredit one minister to Switzerland
and to the same small Powers in Germany to
which the Spanish minister is accredited.
I think there is great propriety in the prop-
osition now presented to us. The present sal-
ary of the minister at Madrid is clearly not
sufficient. He is paid $12,000. The cost of
living at Madrid, for rents, for provisions, for
servants, for carriages, for everything is higher
than at almost any other Court in Europe.
There is more ceremony there than at almost
any other Court in Europe. A man is less able
to control himself there. No gentleman of
position can walk in the streets of Madrid,
much less any lady; and no lady can ride in
the streets of Madrid unless she rides with an
old duenna. She cannot ride with her own
father, and she cannot walk at all. It is there-
fore very expensive livingin Madrid. But that
is not the principal reason. The principal rea-
son is that our diplomatic relations are not
very extensive with either of these Powers,
and one man can represent us at both Courts
just as well as two can. I hope that the
amendment will be adopted.
Mr. SUMNER. I take it that there is butone
objection to the theory of the Senator from
New Hampshire. He proposes to consolidate
certain missions—the missions to Spain and
Portugal, and then the missions to Brussels
and the Hague. I say that I take it there is
but one objection to that, and it is purely a
political one. We shall not have the same
number of offices then to bestow upon political
aspirants. Public economy probably would be
consulted by the idea of the Senator from New
Hampshire, and I do not believe that the pub-
lic interests would suffer. And now with that
remark I am brought directly to the proposi-
tion before us.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will ask the Senator
how much is saved in an economical point of
view ? We now pay our minister to Portugal
$7,500.
Mr. FOGG. We do not pay him anything.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I mean ministers of
that class. This amendment proposes to pay
the minister to Spain $5,000 additional, with a
secretary of legation at Portugal at $2,500.
If the Senator can figure it out how much is
saved by that operation I shall be glad to be
informed.
Mr. SUMNER. My remark was general
with regard to the principle of consolidation.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not see the econ-
omy of the thing at all.
Mr. SUMNER. Take for instance the case
of the missions to Brussels and the Hague.
Unless you increase the salary—and I do not
suppose that was the intention of the Senator
from New Hampshire when he made the sug-
gestion—you would save a whole salary if
those two missions were consolidated. How-
ever, it seems to me, whether there is a saving
of salary or not, the only objection to it is the
political one: you will not have the same num-
ber of offices for political aspirants. I do not
doubt that in those places that have been
named the public interests would be advanced
at least as well by one as they now are by two
ministers. I do not doubt that one represent-
ative of the United States can do all that is
required both at Madrid and at Lisbon.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Can he do it better
than two? The same amount of money is
involved.
Mr. SUMNER. I am sure he can do it as
well. Now I am brought to the proposition
itself. It was introduced without any knowl-
edge on my part that it was to be introduced.
'1 he Senator from Maine very properly says
that it has not engaged the consideration of a
committee. Agreed. We are left therefore to
meet it as it is. We have got to vote upon it.
I am to vote upon it. I wish that it had been
introduced in such a way that it could have been
considered by the appropriate committee. I
should have liked, for myself, the opportunity
of considering it in advance; but I am ready to
vote on it with such light as I have. I see no
practical objection to it. I see no way in which
the public interests can suffer from its adop-
tion ; and I do see that it is a settlement of an
unhappy controversy, where there has been con-
tumacy on one side and an assertion of pre-
rogative on the other. I think it would be for
the advantage of the country to have that
question settled, to have it eliminated from our
debates, and, if I may so say, from our statutes.
Ihis proposition of my colleague would ac-
complish that purpose without any public det-
riment.
Mr. DIXON. I wish to ask the Senator
from Massachusetts, the chairman of the Com-
