68
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
not to force aetion this morning under the
operation of the previous question, but to allow
the bill to be printed and its consideration set
down for an early day, so as to give us all a
reasonable opportunity for examination and
discussion. If that is done I will not say that
I shall be found in opposition to the bill. I
may be found supporting it. But I am to-day
unprepared—and I say it with all sincerity and
honesty—-to record my vote upon so import-
tant a measure as this. If the gentleman will
allow me, I will make a motion to print the
bill and make it the special order for an early
day.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. What day?
Mr. HALE. Say to-morrow week.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I am
not disposed to press this bill on an unwilling
body, and if it can be set down as the special
order for to-morrow, and in the mean time
printed, I have no objection to that order being
made. I stated at the commencement of my
remarks that if the House desired it I would
not object to a postponement. I will move,
therefore, that it be postponed and printed and
made the special order for Thursday next, after
the morning hour.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I desire to inquire of the
gentleman if he contemplates any debate upon
this bill when it comes up on that day, or
whether he intends to call the previous ques-
tion, as he did on this day.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. The gentleman shall
have an opportunity to discuss it if he desires
it. I shall be governed somewhat by the cir-
cumstances. I do not intend to press the bill
unreasonably.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I do not inquire on ac-
count of myself alone, but there are gentlemen
around me who wish to know whether general
discussion is to be allowed on the bill or not.
Mr* WILSON, of Iowa. I certainly will
allow reasonable discussion upon the bill.
The motion of Mr. Wilson, of Iowa, was
agreed to; and the bill was accordingly post-
poned, ordered to be printed, and made the
special order for Thursday next after the
morning hour.
NEUTRALITY LAWS.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, from the same com-
mittee, reported back House bill No. 858, to
repeal the neutrality laws, and moved that the
Committee on the Judiciary be discharged
from the further consideration of the same,
and that it be referred to the Committee on
Foreign Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
PUNISHMENT OF TREASON.
Mr. 'LAWRENCE, of Ohio, from the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, reported back House
bill No. 634, to repeal certain parts of the act
approved April 80, 1790, entitled "An act for
the punishment of certain crimes against the
United States," with a recommendation that
it do pass..
The bill repeals so much of section thirty-
two of an act for the punishment of certain
crimes against the United States, approved
April 30, 1790, as provides that no person or
persons shall be prosecuted, tried, and pun-
ished for treason or other capital offense un-
less indictment for (he same shall be found by
a grand jury within three years next after the
treason or capital offense shall be done or com-
mitted ; and provides that all persons who have
been or may be guilty of treason or other capi-
tal offense may at any time bo indicted, tried,
and punished therefor.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
The question recurred on the passage of the
bill.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I demand the yeaa and
nays on the passage of the bill.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I will explain
this bill briefly to the House, and I think there
will be no objection to its passage.
■ . The act of April 30, 1790, providing for the
punishment of treason, limits prosecuiiotis to
December 11,
three years. If that act, or its limitation, shall
remain in force, it will in a very short time be
equivalent to a general pardon or amnesty for
every act of treason during the late rebellion.
This bill proposes to repeal so much of that act
as limits prosecutions to three years; and it
provides that all persons who have been or
may be guilty of treason or other capital
offense may at any time be indicted, tried,
and punished therefor.
Mr. HALE. Does the bill affect any other
crime than treason ?
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Treason or
other capital offenses. There is in the States
as a general rule no limitation at all upon the
prosecution ofcapital offenses. There ought not
to be in relation to the crime of treason ; and
the only questions, I suppose, which will arise
on the passage of this bill will be as to the ex-
pediency of passing it, and our power to pass it.
As to the expediency, I have only to say I
suppose this House have determined for them-
selves that they are not in favor of a general
amnesty or pardon of all those who were guilty
of treason during the rebellion. On the first
day of this session we passed a bill to repeal
so much of existing laws as authorize the
President to grant general amnesty or pardon,
yet the limitation contained in the law of 1790,
if it shall continue in force, will very soon be
equivalent to general amnesty and pardon.
As to the other branch of the question,
our right to pass this bill, I have this to say:
the right of a nation to prosecute for a vio-
lation of its laws is analogous to the right of a
citizen to sue for a wrong to his person or prop-
erty, or for the violation of a contract. In
all these cases the courts administering the
law distinguish between the right and the
remedy.
The "right" growing out of the "obliga-
tion" of a contract cannot l>e divested, for it
is protected by the Constitution. The right of
redress for a wrong to the person or property
is equally a vested right which cannot be im-
paired. But the remedy is a very different
affair. The Legislature may not only prescribe
a limitation for future contracts and rights of
action, but in the language of the Note to sec-
tion twenty-two of Angel on Limitations—•
"A statute of limitations may well apply to con-
tracts in existence at the time of its passage, provided
arcasonabletimebe allowed before the statute takes
effect, or the debt basted, within which oroditorsmay
institute their actions."
And again the same note says:
" But a statute extending the time of limitation
will not revive causes of action already barred under
preexisting statutes." ** * * * "If,
however, the cause of aetion be not already barred,
the statute extending the time will apply."
These principles apply as well to criminal
prosecutions as to civil actions, for in either
case the law which regulates the time of prose-
cuting or sueing affects only the remedy and
not the right, whether the time for prosecuting
or sueing is enlarged or abridged.
"This bill is not objectionable upon theground
that it will be ex post facto. An ex post facto
law is—
"One which renders an act punishable in a man-
ner in which itwas not punishablo when it was com-
mitted."—6 Cranch, 138.
If an act is not punishable when committed,
it cannot by subsequent law be made so. The
tost of an ex post facto law is the criminal-
ity or innocence of an act at the time of its
commission. The mode of prosecution, the
time when or within which it shall be pros-
ecuted, or the tribunals which shall try it are
all subject to regulation by law.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I wish to inquire
of my colleague whether the committee looked
into the question of our power to revive the
right of prosecution for treason where the act
of 1790 has already barred prosecution, and
whether this bill undertakes to do that ? I
may say that I trust the law may be in that
way. I would'be very glad to have it so.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. The commit-
tee did examine that question. The authority
to which I have referred in the Note to Angel
on Limitations I suppose settles that question.
Where a crime is already barred no act, I sup 
pose, can revive the right of prosecution.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Your bill then
does not do that?
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. No, sir; the
bill cannot effect an impossibility.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. My inquiry was
whether the bill undertakes to revive the right
of prosecution where the limitation is already
completed ?
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. The clause in
the bill to which my colleague desires to call
attention I suppose is this: "And all persons
who have been or may be guilty of treason or
other capital offense may at any time be in-
dicted, tried, and punished therefor." That
clause is, of course, only to be applicable to those
cases where by law it is possible to prosecute.
The general design of the bill is simply to
repeal that limitation of three years, so that
the general pardon and amnesty which it will
soon effect may be avoided.
Mr. SPALDING. I wish to inquire of my
colleague if he designs to impose any limita-
tion whatever?
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. No, sir.
Mr. SPALDING. Would it not be betterto
extend the time?
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. No, sir; I
think not. There is no limitation in murder
cases in Ohio, a State whose jurisprudence has
been illustrated by my distinguished colleague
as a member of it3 supreme court, and I think
it is not usual in the States to affix any limita-
tion. But if a limitation shall be desirable
hereafter it will be competent for Congress to
prescribe a limitation. It is certainly not
desirable now, and we cannot tell now, under
this Administration, when it may be desirable
to affix a limitation.
Mr. CONKLING. Gentlemen seem to agree
that if a crime or offense is outlawed or barred
it cannot be revived by subsequent enactment.
Now, I ask the gentleman from Ohio whether
his whole purpose would not be accomplished
byrepealingthe statute of limitation as it stands,
and whether it is worth while, not only to
repeal the statute, but to put in the bill an
attempt to do what we know we cannot con-
stitutionally do, namely, revive an offense which
is in truth outlawed. I understand this bill
in the commencement to repeal and brush
away that statute by virtue of which alone this
crime is outlawed, and it then proceeds to
enact that all persons who have heretofore at
any time (that is the legal construction of the
language) committed treason shall be punish-
able hereafter.
And yet we know that if in truth the statute
has run the offense is dead, and any law which
seeks to revive it is an ex post facto law. Now,
I submit to the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Lawrexce] that we will accomplish his whole
jmrpose by a simple repeal of the statute of
which he desires to get rid.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I think it better
to leave the question to the courts to determine
how much of this bill may be operative. If
this bill shall not pass then all the early treason
of Jeff. Davis and those who cooperated with
him will be entirely exempt from punishment.
I am willing to go to the very verge of the
Constitution for the purpose of reaching the
early treasonable acts which inaugurated the
late rebellion. I do not know what the court-*
will hold upon this question, and for that reason
the bill has been introduced in this shape.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Speaker, I approach
with groat distrust all bills of this kind, which
are evidently brought forward for the purpose
of ascertaining how wo can convict men whom
we cannot convict under laws existing when
the crimes-were committed. I do not believe
that it becomes this nation, I do not believe
it is safe for us to undertake to pass laws by
which we can or may be able to punish men
however guilty who could not be punished
under thelaw existing "when the crimes were
committed.
Could we now change our Constitution so as
to change the place of trial of traitors, to say
