1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
69
that the venue might be changed, and that they
should be tried by jurors summoned from an-
other bailiwick? The Constitution and our
laws provide very carefully that, especially in
the case of treason, the party charged with that
crime must be tried at the place where the
overt act was committed, in a district pre-
viously ascertained by law, and by a jury from
that bailiwick. Now, any law which professes
to change that in any respect looks to me so
much like an attempt to commit judicial mur-
der that I have always been afraid to attempt it.
I am aware that the traitors in the South, if
tried under our existing Constitution and laws,
will not one of them be convicted. I should
never attempt to try them for treason; I would
try them as belligerents, under the law of
nations and the laws of war.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. We have no
reason to expect of the Administration any such
trials.
Mr. STEVENS. I am statingwliat I would
do if I were the Administration. Now, al-
though I would not discourage trials for treason,
I mention this to show that I am convinced
that none of these traitors can ever be con-
victed of treason under our present Constitu-
tion and laws. And yet I would rather let
every man of them run unpunished forever
than to make a law now by which they could
be punished. I think our Government would
be endangered in its future existence, in its
sense of justice, in its character before the
world by conduct of that kind, more than it
would by enduring the evil. I think the British
Government suffered more from its murder of
Lord Russell, although it was done by means
of a court condemning him, than it would have
done had he been suffered to escape. It was
by just such contrivances as this that that
judicial murder was.effected, and by which
the British Government suffered more than it
would have done by the escape of forty traitors.
I think our Government better be careful
how it tampers with the crime or the remedy.
It better treat them as guilty partly of a polit-
ical offense and partly of offenses malum in
re than now to attempt to pass laws, because
otherwise the malefactors may escape.
This professes to be a bill to make indefi-
nite the prosecution of one of those offenses
which of all others should be quieted by lapse
of time. Although treason is as high a crime
as can possibly be committed, yet there are
generally so many engaged in the crime of
treason and in rebellion that there must be
some quieting law, and in my judgment there
ought to be.
Now, it does not follow that every traitor will
escape who is not prosecuted within three years
of the time of the commission of the offense.
The statute of limitations never runs in any
case unless it is possible to enforce the rem-
edy : it only runs from the time when it was
possible to enforce it. For instance, I will
refer to the men now in Europe, Benjamin,
Slidell, and others; I do not suppose that any-
body will say that while they were absent be-
yond seas the statute of limitation would run.
The statute would begin to run when the time
arrived that he could be prosecuted. But
whether that be so or not, still, during the
time of war, during the prosecution of the
war, the crime continued; it was a continuing
offense, and the offense continued up to the
time when peace shall be proclaimed, which
it never yet has been. I know that a gentle-
man in this city lias made public a statement
which he desired to have considered as equal
to the decrees of James and Charles, as over-
ruling the law. But it is of no more import-
ance than so much waste paper.
The question of peace or war is yet to be
decided by this body. I say there is no peace.
This nation is still in a belligerent condition;
and the conquered belligerents are within the
power of the conqueror, to be dealt with as
captives, not as criminals.
Therefore, sir, 1 can see no necessity for a
measure of this soil; but if there were a neces-
sity, I should certainly object to au> alteration
of the law as it now exists in regard to treason
which would enable the Government to convict
where it is confessed a conviction could not
be obtained under the law as it stood at the
time of the commission of the offense. I should
be very glad to see condign punishment inflicted
upon many_ of these men, not capital punish-
ment ; for in my youth I read Beeearia, and
adopted to a great extent the principles which
he maintains. I never realized the sufficiency
of the atonement made by the execution of
that magnificent leader of the rebellion, the mis-
erable wirz—a Dutchman, I believe, with a
humpback—who was obeying the orders of liis
superiors, and who, in ordinary times when
men were tried according to law, would never
have been convicted, because his Government
was answerable, not he. I do not believe that
the starvation of thousands of Union prisoners
is to be atoned for by the execution of one of
the keepers
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired. This bill goes over until to-morrow,
when the gentleman from Pennsylvania will be
again entitled to the floor.
g. e. pickett.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House the following message from
the President of the United States:
To the House of Representatives .-
I transmit herewith reports from the Secre-
tary of War and the Attorney General in com-
pliance with a resolution of the 3d instant re-
questing the President to communicate to the
House, "if not in his opinion incompatible
with-the public interests, the information asked
for in a resolution of this House dated the 2:Jd
June last, and which resolution he has up to
this time failed to answer, as to whether any
application has been made to him for the par-
don of (t. E. Pickett, who acted as a major
general of the rebelforces in the late warfor the
suppression of insurrection, and if so, what has
been the action thereon; and also to commu-
nicate copies of all papers, entries, indorse-
ments, and other documentary evidence in
relation to any proceeding in connection with
such application; and that he also inform
this House whether, since the adjournment at
Raleigh, North Carolina, on the 30th of March
last, of the last board or court of inquiry con-
vened to investigate the facts attending the
hanging of a number of United States soldiers
for alleged desertion from the rebel army, any
further measures have been taken to bring the
said Pickett or other perpetrators of that crime
to punishment."
In transmitting the accompanying papers con-
taining the information requested by the House
of Representatives, it is proper to state that,
instead of bearing date the 23d of June last, the
first resolution was dated the 23d of July, and
was received by the Executive only four days
before the termination of the session.
ANDREW JOHNSON.
Wasiiixgtox, D. C., December 11, 186G.
The message, with the accompanying docu-
ments, was laid on the table, and ordered to
be printed.
report of register oi' treasury.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
Secretary of the Treasury, transmitting pur-
suant to the act of August 28, 18-12, the report
of the Register of the Treasury of receipts and
expenditures for the year ending June 30, 1865;
which was laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
soldiers' and sailors' orphans' home.
Mr. INGERSOLL. by unanimous consent,
reported back from the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia, with an amendment in the
form of a substitute, a bill (H. R. No. SIS) to
amend an act entitled "An act to incorporate
the National Soldiers' and Sailors' Orphans'
Ilomo." approved July 1 Siiii, and whereby
certain corporate rights are granted to Mr*.
Julia B. Grant aud others.
The amendment reported by the committee
was read and agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time and passed.
On motion of Mr. INGERSOLL, the title of
the bill was amended so as to read, "An act to
amend a,n act entitled 'An act to incorporate
the National Soldiers' and Sailors' Orphans'
Home,' approved July 2C>, 1866."
Mr. INGERSOLL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed: and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
removals from office.
The SPEAKER stated the next business'in
order to be House bill No. 664, for the regu-
lation of appointments to and removals from
office, on which the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Williamsj was entitled to the floor.
Mr, WILLIAMS. I wish to suggest some
modifications to the bill as originally reported.
As soon as I have done that I will yield the
floor to the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Hale.] I move the following to come in at
the end of section two :
Provided, however, That so much of this section as
makes the office vacant beyond the time of the refusal
of the Senate to advise and consent to a renomination
shall not be held to apply to cases of commissions to
fill vacancies happening during the recess, and which,
under the Constitution, are made determinable at the
end of their next session.
Also strike out these words in section three:
And in case of the nomination of any other person
or persons than thoone so commissioned, and the
refusal of the Senate to advise and consent thereto,
the office shall not be considered as vaeant upon the
adjournment of the Senate, but the person so com-
missioned shall continue to hold and enjoy the same *
and exercise the functions thereof during the recess
of Senate, and until he shall be either nominated
and rejected or duly superseded by a new appoint-
ment, by and with the advice and consent of that
body.
I now yield the floor to the gentleman from
New York.
Mr. HALE. Mr. Speaker, I have been in-
structed by the joint select committee on re-
trenchment, to which this subject was referred
by concurrent resolution of the two Houses,
to report a bill to this House, and under those
instructions I now move the bill which they
instructed me to report as a substitute for the
bill proposed by the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania. It is printed; but the copies for the
House are not yet in. They are expected in,
and undoubtedly will be here before they will
be needed.
The SPEAKER. The vote on the substitute
will be reserved till the vote has been taken on
the pending amendments^for the perfection of
the bill.
Mr. GARFIELD. I ask that the substitute
be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Strike out all after the enacting clause, and insert
the following:
That every person (excepting the Secretaries of
State, of the Treasury, of War. of the Navy, and of
the Interior, the.Postmaster Genera!, and the At-
torney General) holding any civil office to which he
has been appointed, by and with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate, and every person who shall hero-
after be appointed to any such office, and shall become
duly qualified to act therein, is and shall be entitled
to hold such office until a successor shall have been
in like manner appointed and duly qualified, except
as herein otherwise provided.
Sk<\ 2. And be it further enacted, That when any
officer appointed as aforesaid, excepting judges of
the United States courts and excepting those specially
excepted in section one of this act, shall, during the
recess of the Senate, be shown, by cvidenee satisfac-
tory to the President, to bo guilty of misconduct in
office or crime, or for any reason shall become inca-
pable or legally disqualified to perform its duties, in
such case, and in no other, the President may sus-
pend such officer and designate some suitable person
to perform temporarily the duties of such office until
the next moeting of the Senate and until the ease
shall be acted upon by the Senate; and in such ease
it shall bo the duty of the President, within twenty
days after the first day of such next meeting of the
Senate, to report to the Senate such suspension, with
the evidence ami reasons for his action in thecasc and
the name of tho person so designated to perform tho
dune.- of fi-ueh office. And if tho Senate shall concar
in mu h suspension and advise and consent to the
removal of >\wh officer they shall so certify to tho
