1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1509
m it tee on Foreign Relations, a question. I
desire to know whether it is in the constitu-
tional-power of Congress to vest in the min-
ister at Spain the duties of minister-resident
at Portugal; whether he can be appointed to
that office by act of Congress—for that is vir-
tually the amount of this amendment. It seems
to me there is a question whether he can be
appointed a foreign minister to Portugal by
act of Congress.
Mr. SUMNER. I do not doubt that it is
in the power of Congress to declare that the
envoy extraordinary at Madrid shall hold the
same office at Lisbon also. I have no doubt
of it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. As no money is to be
saved by this proposition, I do not see why we
may not as well have the services of two men
as one? The same amount of money is in-
volved. I ask for the yeas and nays upon the
amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 15, nays 20; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Brown, Chandler, Crn?in, Creswell,
Fogg. Fowler, Howard, Lane, Morrill, Poland, Sum-
ner, Trumbull, Wade, Wilson, and Vates—15. 1
NAYS — Messrs. Anthony, Buckalew, Conness,
Davis, Dixon, Doolittle, Fessenden, Foster, Harris,
Hendricks, Rirkwood, McDougal), Morgan, Patter-
eon, Riddle, Kosa. Sherman, Van Winkle. Willey, and
Williams—20.
ABSEXT—Messrs. Cattell, Cowan, Edmunds, Fre-
linghuysen.Grimes, Guthrie, Henderson, Howe, John-
son, Nesmith, Norton, Nye, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Sauls-,
bury, Sprague, and Stewart—17.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. WILSON. I now offer the same amend-
ment, somewhat modified, reducing the sum to '
be allowed to the minister at Madrid for this
service from $-3,000 to S3,000, which will save ]
$2,000. It is to insert as an additional sec- |
tion, the following: j
And be it further enacted, That the envoy extraor- 1
dinary and minister plenipotentiary of the United
States to Spain, shall bo accredited as such to the
Government of Portugal: and it shall be the duty of
the said envoy to divide his time between the capitals
of Spain and Portugal, as the interests of the United
States shall require; and for the additional duties
and expenses imposed by this act, said envoy shall
receive an annual compensation of $3,000 in addition
to his present salary; and the salary of the secretary
of legation to Portugal shall be $2,500.
This will increase the importance of the
Spanish mission, make our minister there an
important officer, and unite the two missions.
Communication between them is perfectly easy,
as easy as it is to go from here to Philadelphia,
and is done in less time or about the same time.
The amendment will save $2,000 a year, and
will settle this controversy between the two
Houses of Congress in regard to Mr. Harvey.
I hope the amendment will be adopted.
Mr. SUMNER called for the yeas and nays
on the amendment, and they were ordered;
and being taken, resulted—yeas 12, nays 20;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Chandler, Creswell, Fogg, Fowler,
Howard, Lane, Morrill, Poland, Sumner, Wade,
Wilson, and Yates—12.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Buckalew, Davis,Dixon,
Doolittle, Fessenden, Foster, Harris, Henderson,
Hendricks, Kirkwood, McDougal 1, Morgan, Patter-
son, Kiddle, Ross, Sherman, Van Winkle, Willey, and
Williams—20.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brown, Cattell, Conness, Cowan,
Cragin, Edmunds, Frelinghuyscn, Grimes, Guthrie,
Howe, Johnson, Nesinitb, Norton, Nye, Pomeroy,
Ramsey, Saulsbury, Sprague, Stewart, and Trum-
bull—20.
So the amendment was rejected.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were con-
curred in.
The amendments were ordered to be en-
frossed, and the bill to be read a third time.
t was read the third time, and passed.
pboposed kecess.
Mr. WILSON obtained the floor.
Mr. FESSENDEN. With the permission
of the Senator, I should like to move that at
half past four o'clock the Senate take a recess
until seven o'clock.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let us go into executive
session in the meanwhile.
Mr. WILSON. I yield for that motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved
that at half past four o'clock the Senate take a
recess until seven o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
assay offices in okeoon and idaiio.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the Senate
now proceed to the consideration of executive
business. <►
Mr. MORGAN. I hope the Senator will
give way for one moment, to enable me to call
up a bill reported from the Committee on Fi-
nance, which will not occupy long. It is- House
bill No. 674, to establish additional offices for
the assay of gold and silver, and for other
purposes.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Ohio withdraw his motion ?
Mr. MORGAN. If the Senator will simply
allow me to take up the bill, I shall not then
object to going into executive session.
Mr. SHERMAN. I withdraw it for that
purpose, with that understanding.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from New
York, to take up the bill indicated by him.
The motion was agreed to.
executive session.
Mr. SHERMAN. As the Senator's bill is
now before the Senate, I renew the motion
that we proceed to the consideration of exec-
utive business.
The motion was agreed to ; and after some
time spent in the consideration of executive
business, the doors were reopened at half past
four o'clock, and the Senate took a recess
until seven o'clock p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at seven o' clock p. m.
assay offices in oregon and idaho.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) The consideration of the
bill which was before the Senate at the time of
the recess will now be resumed.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 674) to establish additional offices for the
assay of gold and silver, and for other purposes.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury
to establish assay offices of the United States,
for the receipt and for the melting, assaying,
and stamping of gold and silver at Portland,
Oregon, and at Bois6 City, in the Territory of
Idaho, and appropriates the sum of $50,000 for
carrying its provisions into effect. For each
of these assay offices, as soon as the public
interest shall require their service, the Presi-
dent is to appoint, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, one superintendent, one
assayer, and one melter; and the superin-
tendent is to employ as many clerks, subordi-
nate workmen, and laborers, under the direc-
tion of the Secretary of the Treasury, as may
be required. The salaries of the officers and
clerks are to be fixed by the Secretary of the
Treasury, upon the recommendation of the
Director of the Mint; and to the subordinate
workmen and laborers such wages are to be
paid as may be determined by the Superin-
tendent of the Mint, and approved by the Sec-
retary of the Treasury; but such salaries and
compensation are not to exceed that allowed
for corresponding services under existing laws
relating to the Mint of the United States and
its branches.
The bill also repeals the act entitled "An
act to establish a branch mint of the United
States at Dalles City, in the State of Oregon,"
approved July 4, 1864. It further directs the
Secretaryof the Treasury to dispose of or re-
move the property, buildings, and machinery
belonging to the United States and erected for
the purposes of a branch mint at Charlotte, in
North Carolina, and Dahlonega, in Georgia.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Com-
mittee on Finance have reported the bill with
an amendment, which will be read.
Mr. CONNESS. Before the amendment is
read I desire to the Senator who has this
bill in charge why it does not make provision
for an assay office in Montana Territory, wher#
unquestionably it is of more importance to the
public than even in Idaho, as the production
of the former Territory is greater than that "of
the latter. I have been in communication with
gentlemen from that Territory of the highest
character, and I may say that I have much
knowledge in regard to it, because it is popu-
lated largely by citizens of California, experi-
enced miners of California. They are constantly
in correspondence with myself. My attention
has been called to the need of an assay office
there, and I am a little astonished that this bill
does not provide for it. I desire to know of
the Senator from New York whether inquiries
and investigations were made in that direction.
Mr. MORGAN. I do not understand that
there ever has been any application for an assay
office in Montana. This bill passed the House
of Representatives at the last session. The
committee have simply reported to strike out
the ninth section, which is now unnecessary,
as provision was made in the legislative ap-
propriation bill last year for disposing of the
public property at Charlotte, in the State of
North Carolina, and at Dahlonega, in the State
of Georgia. I have never before heard that
there was any application for an assay office in
Montana. It is competent for the Senator to
move an amendment providing for Montana,
if he insists upon it.
Mr. CONNESS. I can assure the Senator
an assay office is even more needed in Mon-
tana than it is in Idaho, because Idaho has
direct connection with Oregon and California.
Bois6 City, in Idaho, is within four days' stag-
ing of Virginia City, in Nevada, which is within
a few hours of California; while Montana is
still further inland, and is inaccessible, except
at enormous expense, to those who produce
gold there. There is no doubt in the world
but that an assay office at Helena, which is the
central point and a considerable town in Mon-
tana, is a public necessity. I do not know ex-
actly the form of amendment that would be
necessary; but I will examine and see, while
Senators are directing their attention to it.
Mr. WADE. There have been a great many
applications for an assay office in Montana
sent to the Committee on Territories; but w.e
supposed it did not belong to us to initiate any
such measure, and we directed those who came
to us that the Finapce Committee was the proper
committee having that subject in charge ; but,
from all I have heard about it, it seemed to
me to be as necessary that there should be an
assay office there as in any other Territory.
From all the facts that I can gather on the
subject, I believe that Montana is the great
mineral Territory of all our Territories ; I think
the richest of any. Probably more gold will
be taken out of that Territory than any other.
Its communication with other parts of the
country is less facile than that of almost any
other Territory. I am strongly inclined to the
belief that if an office of this kind is to be es-
tablished in Idaho, there are like or stronger
reasons for the establishment of a similar office
in Montana also. I am glad that the amend-
ment is moved. I think there is a bill pending
on the subject.
Mr. CONNESS. Letthe committee's amend-
ment be acted upon, and then I shall be ready
to move the proper amendment.
Mr. WADE. Very well.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment reported by the
Finance Committee, to strike out the ninth
section of the bill, which will be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows :
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted. That the Secretary
of tho Treasury is hereby authorized to dispose of or
remove, wholly or in part, the property, buildings,
and machinery belonging to the United States, and
erected for the purposes of a branch mint at tho town
oi Charlotte, in the State of North Carolina, and also
the property, buildings, and machinery used for like
purposes at Dahlonega, in the State of Georgia, upon
such terms and conditions as he may deem advisa-
ble. And he may authorize the retention of such
portion of said property, building*, and machinery,
at either of said places, as may be neocsawy tor the
purpose of assaying metals as provided by this act.
