1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
71
vania wishes to change the law in that partic-
ular ; and if he does not, he should certainly
limit, the provision to the civil service.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I did not know that the
law was as stated by the gentleman, but I do
not know that it would make any difference if
we should superadd a provision of this sort
giving to the Senate the power it exercises in
analogous cases in the civil service. I think
that the power would never be abused.
Mr. GARFIELD. The gentletftan from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. "Williams,] in his speech
the other day and again this morning, referred
to the law passed at the last session of the
Thirty-Eighth Congress in regard to the dis-
missal of officers in the military service by the
President. I wrote that section, and had charge
of the conference committee on the part of the
House by which it was adopted on the last
night of the session ; and at the time of mak-
ing the report submitted some remarks as the
result of a tolerably full investigation of the
subject, and at the request of several members
I will say a few words on the subject of this
bill so far as it relates to the removal of offi-
cers from the military and naval service.
The'Presidentof the United States, as a mat-
ter of fact, has from time to time since the
foundation of the Government removed offi-
cers from the Army and Navy at his pleasure,
though his constitutional right to do so has
never been affirmed by a judicial decision. In-
deed, his authority to do so has frequently been
questioned; but the practice became so general
that it was laid down in the Judge Advocate
General's Digest of Opinions for 1865, and
which exhibits both the practice and the opin-
ion of the executive department on the subject,
in the following paragraph:.
"From the foundation of the Government, the Pres-
ident of the United States has been in the habit of
summarily dismissing officers in the land and naval
services. The power to do so seems to inhere in him
under the Constitution as Commander-in-Chief of
tho Army and the Navy. The power of summary
dismissal by the President doe3 not depend for its
authority upon the act of Congress, section seven-
teen, chapter 200, act of July 17,1862; the act being
simply declaratory of tlie right which has been exer-
cised by the President since the earliest history of
the Government."
Now, I look upon that as a doctrine most
dangerous in theory and practice: and I wrote
the section to which the gentleman has referred
for the purpose of circumscribing the power
of the President in that direction.
We were unable to secure the repeal of sec-
tion seventeen of the law of 1862, by which the
President was not only authorized but even
requested to dismiss summarily and without
trial any officer of the Army or Navy, when in
his judgment it would be for the good of the
service to do so. Now, under that law the
President not only exercised that power him-
self, but he delegated the authority to the
leading generals of the Army; and within my
own knowledge one hundred and thirty com-
missioned officers in the Army of the Cumber-
land were dismissed without a trial within eleven
months by rea'son of this summary power dele-
gated by the President.
Mr. ROUSSEAU. Will the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Garfield] permit me to ask him a
question?
Mr. GARFIELD. Certainly.
Mr. ROUSSEAU. I would inquire whether
it was not the fact, that the general in command
of the Army of the Cumberland, General Rose-
crans, did dismiss officers upon his own motion,
without any authority from the President?
Mr. GAliFIELD. No, sir. The President
of the United States, under the law of 1802,
was not only authorized but requested to dis-
miss officers summarily when he thought it for
the good of the service, and by an express
order he authorized General Rosecrans and
other generals to use the same power when-
ever in their judgment it would be proper to
do so. General Rosecrans exercised the power,
as he had a perfect right to do. _
The objection I urged against itin the Tliii ty-
Eighth Congress was that it was a terrible
power, one which ought never to have been
granted even to the President of the United
States except in a great emergency, such as
clearing out the traitors from our country at
the beginning of the war.
Mr. ROUSSEAU. Did not General Rose-
crans dismiss officers from the Army without
any express authority from the War Depart-
ment.
Mr. GARFIELD. No, sir; he was as I
have already stated authorized by the Presi-
dent to do so whenever in his judgment the
good of the service required it. It was the
law and not General Rosecrans that I com-
plained of.
Now, what I desire to say on this point is,
that according to this.opinion of the Judge
Advocate General, the President of the Uni-
ted States has, under the Constitution, without
any legislation whatever, a right inherent in
himself as Commander-in-Chief of.the Army
and Navy to dismiss any military or naval
officer without any trial whatever. I am free
to say that in my opinion there never has been
a practice or a principle more entirely subver-
sive of the independence of our Army, and
more destructive of all that is noble in its offi-
cers. If this doctrine be true, Andrew John-
son may dismiss from the service General
Grant, General Sherman, Admiral Farragut,
or any other officer of the Army or Navy.
The section which has been referred to in this
debate provides, that when thfe President dis-
misses an officer without a trial, the officer may
demand a trial within six months thereafter,
and if the court-martial shall not decide that
he was properly dismissed he shall be restored.
So long as the seventeenth section of the act
of 18G2 is unrepealed the President can dis-
miss the highest or the lowest officer from the
military or naval Service; and there is but that
one clause which was referred to by the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Williams] that
can in the slightest degree interfere wirh his
power. Now, I regard it of the utmost im-
portance that while we are regulating the ques-
tion of removals and appointments we should
see to it that no officer shall be dismissed from
the military or naval service except by the
sentence of a court-martial. I regret that we
have not a bill prepared by which courts of
inquiry shall be established for the trial of per-
sons in the civil service, so that they may be
dismissed by the verdict of such a court. I
am informed that the distinguished gentleman
from Rhode Island [Mr. Jexckes] has drawn
such a bill, to regulate tho tenure of office in the
civil service. I believe that such a measure
would meet the necessities of our situation
better than any other; but in the absence of
such a bill as that, I hope the gentleman will
consent to such an amendment to this section
as shall provide that officers in the military
and naval service shall be dismissed only on
the verdict of a court-martial regularly con-
vened according to law.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. Speaker, I recognize
the power of Congress to enact sucli a law as
that to which the gentleman has referred. I
recognize, too, the wisdom and propriety^ of
such a measure. I do not, however, think
that there is anything in the general language
of the section under consideration which would
interfere in any way with that act. It would,
at all ev«nts"by implication, authorize the
President of the United States, with the con-
currencc of the Senate, to remove officers in
the military and naval service. And I take it
tho power would be very safely lodged there,
if they thought proper to exercise it. So that
I do not regard this section as interfering at
all with the aot referred to, which is in many
respects a very proper enactment.
Now, sir, with regard to the amendment of
the gentleman from Iowa, which is to insert, I
believe, in the fourth or fifth line an exception
so as to provide that the clause shall not apply
to cases of impeachments and convictions, or
shall not be understood to take away the power
in those cases, all I have to say is that Mich a
provision is altogether unnecessary: because
that power being secured by the Constitution
we could not legislate it away even if we de-
sired to do so, I would not object, however,
to inserting in the fifth line the words, "on
impeachment and conviction," which would
effect the same object though not by the. use
of the same language.
The next suggestion of my friend from Iowa
is to strike out the words "on the recommend-
ation of the Attorney General," and leave the
question to the heads of the Departments in
which these officers respectively may be. I
have no objection to this modification. I rather
think it would be an improvement.
The last amendment suggested by the gen-
tleman is a provision that this act shall not
apply to the removal and appointment of the
heads of the several Departments, I cannot
of course assent to this amendment; for it
would destroy the very essence of the bill.
We aim to make the heads of these Depart-
ments, so far as practicable, independent of
the Executive. W e propose that these officers
shall not hereafter hold their positions, as they
have held them heretofore, at the mere will of
the President; that their official lives shall
not depend upon the mere breath of the Ex-
ecutive. We hold that such a tenure of office
does not accord with the principles of repub-
lican government. One of our objects is to
take away from the President and lodge with
the heads of Departments, where it would
seem appropriate to place it, the appointment
of the inferior officers of the Government.
Unless, however, the heads of Departments
are to be made practically independent of the
Executive, it would be idle to resort to any
enactment of this sort;.it would serve no
practical purpose. Hence I cannot consent
to the gentleman's amendment without sacri-
ficing the very essence of the bill.
One word more. I suggested, Mr. Speaker,
some amendments to the bill as originally sub-
mitted by the committee. I am not sntficiently
conversant with the rules to know whether they
were accepted as modifications or whether it is.
necessary that a vote shall be taken upon them.
. The SPEAKER. The gentleman has the
right to modify any amendment offered by him-
self ; but no amendment can be incorporated
as a part of the bill without a vote of the House.
Mr. WILLIAMS. My reason for suggest-
ing the question was, that if those propositions
are to be voted upon I would desire that the
vote be taken before other gentlemen proceed
with their remarks.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania presented various amendments to the
bill. He has just modified them. They are
now pending to be voted on, but in their modi-
fied form.
Mr. KASSON. I thought we were to pass
upon the amendments to the first section in the
Awqf i «■■ <? i" n n
Mr* WILLIAMS. I suppose that will be
the order.
The SPEAKER. The amendments will
come up in regular order as applied to the bill,
j unless the gentleman from Pennsylvania sug-
i gests another way. The amendment of the
: gentleman from Iowa is the first in order.
Mr. KASSON. I wish to say. then, that the
point I have made has not been answered by
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, that tho
provisions proposed by him preclude all remov-
als in the Army or Navy through the medium
of courts-martial. My object is toavoid that,
and to allow officers to be removed in that way,
as has been the uniform custom of the Govern-
ment, and to which I know there has been no
opposition. That can be accomplished in Uvo
ways, by a proviso at the end of the section,
or by moving my first amendment, so as to
strike out the words " same agencies which
concurred in his appointment," and insert
"sentence of court-martial, or by impeachment
and conviction, or by the President, with the
consent of the Senate."
That will provide for the recognized mode
of removal. If that should be satisfactory I
will take the question in that form. I under-
stand there is no objection to the amendment,
