836
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
as to keep tha branches of the civif service and the
different grades of each branch, as also the records
applicable to each branch, distinct and separate.
The said board shall divide the country into territo-
rial districts for the purpose of holding examinations
of applicants resident therein and others, and shall
designate some convenient and accessible place in
each district where examinations shall be held.
4. To examine personally, or by persons by them
specially designated, the applicants for appointment
into the civil service of the United States.
5. To make report of all rules and regulations es-
tablished by them, and of a summary of their pro-
ceedings, including an abstract of their examinations
for the different branches of the service, annually,
to the President, to be submitted to Congress at the
opening of each session.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That all appoint-
ments to the civil service provided for in this act shall
be made from those who have passed the required
examinations, in the following order and manner:
1. The applicant who standshighest in order of
merit on the list of those who have passed the exam-
ination for any particular branch and grade of the
civil service shall have the preference in appoint-
ment to that branch and grade, and so on, in the
order of precedence in examinations, to the minimum
degree of rae?it fixed by the board for such grade.
2. Whenever any vacancy shall occur in any grade
of the civil service above the lowest, in any branch,
the senior in the next lower grade may be appointed
to fill the same, or a new examination for that par-
ticular vacancy may be ordeied, under the direction
of the department, of those in the next lower grade,
and the person found best qualified shall be entitled
to the appointment to fill such vacancy: Provided,
That no person now in office shall be promoted or
transferred from a lower to a higher grade unless he
shall have passed at least one examination under
this act.
3. The right of seniority shall be determined by the
rank of merit assigned by the board upon the exam-
inations, having regard also to seniority in service:
but it shall at all times be in the power of the heads
of Departments to order new examinations, which
shall be conducted by the board, upon due notice,
and according to fixed rules, and which shall deter-
mine seniority with regard to tho persons ordered to
be examined, or m the particular branch and grade
of the scrvicc to which such examinations shall apply.
4. Saidboaul shall have power to establish rules
for such special examinations, and also rules by which
any persons exhibiting particular merit in any branch
of the civil scrvice may be advanced one or more
points in their respective grades; and one fourth of
the promotions maybe made on account of merit,
irrespective of seniority in service, such merit to bo
ascertained by special examinations, or by advance-
ment for meritorious service? and special fitness for
the particular branch of service, according to rules to
be established as aforesaid.
Sec. 4. And Oe it further enacted, That said board
shall also have power to prescribe a fee, not exceed-
ing five dollars, to be paid by each applicant for ex-
amination, and also a fee, not exceeding ten dollars, to
be paid by each person who shall receive a certificate
of recommendation for appointment or for promo-
tion or of seniority, which fees shall be first paid to
the collector of internal revenue in the district where
the applicant or ofTicor resides or may be examined,
to be accounted for"and paid into the Treasury of the
United States by such collector; the certificate of pay-
ment of fees to collectors shall be forwarded quarterly
by the commissioners to tho Treasury Department.
Sec. 5. And be it further cnacted. That said board
shall have power to prescribe, by general rules, what
misconduct or inefficiency shall be sufficient for the
removal or suspension of all officers who come within
the provisions of this act, and also to establish rules
for the manner of preferring charges for such miscon-
duct or inefficiency, and for tho trial of the accused,
and for determining his position pending such trial.
Sec. 0. And be it farther enacted, That any one of said
commissioners may conduct or superintend any ex-
aminations, and the board may call to their assistance
in such examinations such men of learning and high
character as they may see lit, or, in their discretion,
such officers in tho eivil, military, or naval service of
the United States as may be designated, from time to
time, on application of the board, as assistants to said
board, by the President or heads of Departments;
and in special cases, to be fixed by rules or by rcso-
. lutionsof the board, they maydelegate examinations
to such persons, to be attended and presided over by
one member of said board or by some person specially
designated to preside.
Sec. 7. Andbe it further enacted, That the said board
may also, upon reasonable notice to the person ac-
cused, hear and determine any ease of alleged mis-
conduct or in efficiency, under the general rules herein
provided for, and in such ease shall report to the head
of the proper Department their finding in thematter,
and may recommend the suspension or dismissal from
office of any person found guilty of such misconduct
or inefficiency; and such person shall be forthwith
suspended or dismissed by the head of such Depart-
ment pursuant to such recommendation, and from
the filing ot such report shall receive no compensa-
tion for official service except from and after the
expiration of any term of suspension recommended
bysuch report.
Sec. 8. Andbe it further enacted, That the salary of
each of said commissioners shall be $3,000 a year,and
the ca.id board may appoint a clerk at a salary of
$2,000 a year, and a messenger at a salary of $900 a
year, and these sums and the necessary traveling ex-
penses of tho commissioners, clerk, and messenger,
to be accounted lor in detail and verified by affidavit,
shall be paid hom any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriate !. The necessary expenses of
any peison employed by said commissioners, as assist-
ants, to be accounted for and verified in liko manner,
and certified by the board, shall also be paid in like
manner. „
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That any officer in
the civil service of the United States at "the date of
the passage of this act, other than those excepted in
the first section of this act, may be required by tile
head of the Deportment in which he serves to appear
before said board, and if found not qualified for the
place he occupies he shall be reported for dismissal,
and be dismissed in the manner hereinbefore pro-
vided, and the vacancy shall be filled in manner afore-
said from those who may be found qualified for such
grade of office after such examination. _ _
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted. That all citizens
of the United States shall be eligible to examination
and appointment under the provisions of this act, and
the heads of the several Departments may, in then-
discretion , designate theoffiees in the several branches
of the civil service the duties of which may be per-
formed by females as well as males, and for_ all such
offices females as well as males shall be eligible, and
may make application therefor and be examined,
recommended, appointed, tried, suspended, and dis-.
missed, in manner aforesaid; and the names of those
recommended by the examiners shallbe placed upon
the lists for appointment and promotion in the order
of their merit and seniority, and without distinction,
other than as aforesaid, from those of male applicants
or officers.
Sec. 11. And hp it, further enacted. That the Presi-
dent, and also the Senate, may require any person
applying for or recommended for any office which
requires confirmation by the Senate to appear before
said board and be examined as to his qualifications,
either before or after being commissioned; and the
result of such examination shall be reported to the
President and to the Senate.
Mr. DAWES. Does the gentleman propose
to put the bill upon its passage to-day without
its being printed?
Mr. JENCKES. It has been printed two or
three times and is upon the files of members.
Mr. DAWES. We want to know if the gen-
tleman has kept it in the same shape in which
it was first printed. -
Mr. JENCKES. I do not wish to interfere
with the morning hour. If the Committee on
Military Affairs are desirous of reporting to-
day, and if, by unanimous consent, this bill
can be taken up after the morning hour I will
yield for that purpose.
Mr. KASSON. I desire to go into Com-
mittee of the Whole on a regular appropriation
bill after the morning hour.
Mr. DAWES. I suggest to the gentleman
that nobody will object to his recommitting his
bill and entering a motion to reconsider.
Mr. JENCKES. If I am entitled to the
floor now, unless I can yield it by unanimous
consent and resume it after the expiration of
the morning hour I prefer to proceed, as this
is a very important measure not second to any
now before Congress.
Mr. DAWES. I hope the gentleman will
submit the proposition to the House and see
if there will be objection to his recommitting
his bill and entering a motion to reconsider.
Mr. ALLISON. I object to that proposi-
tion.
Mr. JENCKES. _ If this bill is to be pre-
sented at all for action, it is full late to present
it now ; and as my proposition for postpone-
ment is objected to, I prefer to proceed now.
Mr. DAWES. Will the gentleman yield to
me to make a report from the Committee on
Elections upon a question of privilege?
Mr. JENCKES. I will yield willingly if I
do not by that means lose my right to the floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can yield
for a question of privilege without losing his
right to resume the floor when the question of
privilege shall have been disposed of.
Mr. JENCKES. Then I will yield.
ELECTIONS IN MARYLAND.
Mr. DAWES. The Committee of Elections,
who were instructed by a resolution of the House
of the 21st instant to enter into a certain invest-
igation, have directed me to make a report,
and with the indulgence of the House for a few
moments I will submit the views of the com-
mittee. The resolution, with its preamble, is
as follows:
Whereas by the constitution and laws of the State
of Maryland persons who were disloyal to the Gov-
ernment of the United States, or save aid and encour-
agement to the recent rebellion are deprived of the
elective franchise; ami whereas it is alleged that at
the last election in the State of Maryland lar^e num-
bers of the persons disqualified as aforesaid did vote
for Representative in the Fortieth Congress and
other officers; and whereas it is further alleged '.hat
"armed forces of the United States were ordered by
Federal authority to, and did, cooperate with the
Executive of tho State of Maryland and others who
were engaged with him in overriding the constitution
and laws aforesaid, and in securing the votes of rebels
and persons disqualified as aforesaid, and whereby
loyal and qualified voters of Maryland were deterred
from the free exercise of the elective franchise and
from resisting and preventing the violation of the
constitution and laws aforesaid: Therefore,
Mesolved. Ihat the Committee of Elections shall
inquire into and report whether the constitution and
laws have been violated as aforesaid, and whether
the President or any one under his command has m
any manner interfered with the said election, or has
in any way used or threatened to use the military
power of the nation with reference to the said elec-
tion, and if so, whether it was upon the requisition
of the Governor of Maryland; and the commitee
shall have power to send for persons and papers.
The House will observe that the only matter
embraced in this proposed inquiry over which
this Congress can possibly have ,jQrisdiction
is the conduct of the President in reference
thereto. The Committee of Elections were of
opinion that inasmuch as the House had deemed
it proper to instruct the Committee on the Ju-
diciary to inquire into the official conduct of the
President of the United States, it would serve
only to distract and dissipate the investigation
of that matter to instruct another committee to
pursue the same inquiry. Therefore the Com-
mittee of Elections have instructed me to report
back this resolution, ask that the Committee
of Elections be discharged from its further
consideration, and that the same be referred to
the Committee oil the Judiciary : and on that
I call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the motion of Mr. Dawes was
agreed to.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the motion was agreed to ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
ORGANIZATION OF THE MILITIA.
Mr. FERRY, by unanimous* consent, pre-
sented communications from the Governor and
adjutant general of the State of Michigan, in
relation to the militia bills now pending before
the Committee on the Militia of the House of
Representatives; which were referred to the
Committee on the Militia, and ordered to be
printed.
BOUNTIES AND LOST DISCHARGES.
Mr. SCHENCK. With the permission of
the gentleman from Rhode Island, [Mr.
Jenckes,] I desire to remind the House that
while waiting for some disposition to be made
of the bill in charge of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] and which yes-
terday was referred to the Committee on Re-
construction, I gave notice that as soon as
that bill was disposed of I would, having leave
to report at any time, report from the Military
Committee the bill in relation to bounties and
lost discharges. My friend from Rhode Island
[Mr. Jexckes] has anticipated me by report-
ing another bill, one in relation to the civil
service of the United States, with which Iliave
no disposition to interfere, because I recognize
its importance. But I desire very muchjx>
report the bill to which I have referred; and
I would inquire of the Speaker whether I can
now, the floor being yielded to me for that
purpose, report this bill, and let it coine up
the next thing after the bill introduced by the
gentleman from Rhode Island [Mr. Jexckes]
shall have been disposed of.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Schencic, ] with the consent of the gen-
tleman from Rhode Island, [Mr. Jejtckes,] can
report the bill to which he refers, and it will
come up after the morning hour, whenever there
is a morning hour. The House granted per-
mission for the bill to be reported at anytime
upon giving one day's notice, the bill to be con-
sidered after the morning hour.
Mr. SCHENCK. I now report back from
the Committee on Military Affairs House bill
No. 83G, to equalize the bounties of soldiers,
sailors, and marines, who served in the late
