72
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 11,
and I will not take ap any more of the time of
the House.
Mr. HALE. Let me make an inquiry. I do
not know that I understand the method of pro-
ceeding. I would like to know whether the
general debate is to be postponed till the amend-
ments have been disposed of or till after the
substitute has been voted on? I learn there
are'gentlemen on the other side, as well as on
this side of the House, who wish to discuss the
bill, and I submit whether itwouldnothemore
appropriate to have the discussion before the
vote is taken on the amendments. We ought,
I think, to have the whole subject properly dis-
cussed before taking any vote.
Mr. WILLIAMS. So far as I am individ-
ually concerned I am not tenacious of any
opinion I may have formed on this question.
I know my opinions are wholly crude and im-
mature, and I should like to profit by the
opinion of the House. I know the question is
surrounded with great practical difficulties,
and I know it is much easier to point out de-
fects than to make a bill that is perfect, which
I think few gentlemen could be capable of
doing. I should like, and I have no doubt
that is the general wish, to collect the sense
of the House on the subject. Therefore, unac-
quainted as I am with the parliamentary rules,
all I can say is, I am willing to consent to
bring" about anything to facilitate this matter
and enable the House to come to the debate at
large on this subject.
The SPEAKER. The Chair generally looks
to the author of the measure to indicate the
course to be pursued.
Mr. WILLIAMS. It seems to me the better
plan would be first to take the vote on the
amendments. I demand the previous question
on the amendments to the original bill.
Mr. GARFIELD. Will that cut off modi-
fications ?
The SPEAKER. It will. The Chair knows
of no way in which modifications can be made
after the demand for the previous question.
Mr. KASSON. Cannot we have the pre-
vious question on each separate amendment?
The SPEAKER. Certainly.
Mr. KASSON. Then I move the previous
question on my amendment.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move the rules be sus-
pended and the House go into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, so we
may consider this bill section by section.
Mr. WENTWORTH. How will that affect
the debate postponed yesterday ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will be
entitled to the floor when the subject is re-
sumed.
Mr. STEVENS. I wish to make an amend-
ment before going into committee. I desire to
modify my amendment to the original bill by
striking out all aftertheword "adjournment,"
in line ten, section two, to the end of the sec-
tion, as follows:
And in no case shall any person who has been nom-
inated by the President for any office and rejected by
the Senate, or on whose nomination that body has
failed or declined to act in the way of consent or refu-
sal, be appointed or commissioned by him after the
adjournment and during the recess of that body to
hold the same office for whichhehad been previously
nominated.
And by inserting in lieu thereof the follow-
ing:
That every person who has been or shall hereafter
be nominated to the Senate for office, and who shall
fail to receive the advice and consent of the Senate
thereto,shall be incapable of holding any offioSnnder
the United States for the term of three years after
such rejection, unless two thirds of the Senate shall
relieve him of such disability. The predecessor of
any nominee rejected by the Senate shall still con-
tinue to hold his said office. Whenever any person
has assumed office, and is dischargingits duties on the
nomination of the President before he has been con-
firmed by the Senate, on his rejection all the subor-
dinates or deputies who have been appointed by him,
or on his recommendation, shall vacate their places
and cease to act.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Is that amendment
in order?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has a right
to modify his amendment. The House having
waived the rule, we have got in the dilemma of
having several amendments offered at once.
Mr. KASSON. I rise to a question of order.
I had the floor, and moved the previous ques-
tion. Sincc that time my friend from Ohio
[Mr. Gaiifielii] has proposed to go into Com-
mittee of the Whole, and other amendments
arc proposed to the bill. Am I not entitled to
have a vote on my amendment.?
The SPEAKER. By the rule any gentle-
man moving an amendment has a right to
modify it previous to the vote. The gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] has that
right.
Mr. KASSON. I demanded the previous
question.
The SPEAKER. That is true, and the
gentleman's amendment is still pending; but
the Chair supposed the gentleman yielded to
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Gatifteld,] who
moved to go into Committee of the Whole.
Mr. KASSON. No, sir; I insist on my
demandforthe previousquestion on my amend-
ment, to strike out in section one, lines five
and sis, the words, "the same agencies which
have concurred in his appointment," and to
insert in lieu thereof "sentence of court-mar-
tial, or by impeachment and conviction, or by
the President with the consent of the Senate."
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KASSON. I now call for a vote on my
second amendment: in line twelve to strike
out the words " Attorney General" and insert
"head of that Department under whose juris-
diction such officer may be." The gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Williams] has no
objection to it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KASSON. My nex^ amendment is a
verbal one: in lines fourteen and fifteen to
strike out the words, "have an opportunity of
acting thereupon," and inserttheword "act;"
so that it will read, "until the Senate shall act
thereon."
Mr. WILLIAMS. I have no objection to
that.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KASSON. I have an amendment which
has been discussed. It is in the form of a pro-
viso, to come in at the end of the first section.,
as follows:
Provided, That this section shall not apply to the
heads of the several Executive Departments or their
first assistants.
I have already stated the reasons which, in
my judgment, render it important that this
amendment should be adopted.
Even when a President of the United States
has been elected in whom the people, have
confidence, you tie his hands by this bill
against changing Cabinet officers or confiden-
tial advisers. You cannot carry on your exec-
utive Government without having a responsi-
ble head of it authorized to select his advisers
and administrators. You cannot carry it on suc-
cessfully in a condition of dissension between
the President and his confidential advisers.
You will have no claim to make a President
responsible, as he constitutionally-is, for the
integrity of the administration of the Govern-
ment, unless you give him the power to select
the agents by whom he is to administer it in
the way proposed, not only with the consent
of the Senate, but in vacation. Whenrit becomes
necessary for him to make a change it seems
to me he ought to have the power to do it.
Sir, we must be careful in proceeding at this
time under the excitement that naturally and
justly agitates this House lest our action shall
"return to plague the inventor." While we
are changing the custom which has prevailed
from Washington till now, and justly changing
it, let us not go so far as to place the respon-
sibility in the Secretaries and not in the Pres-
ident, for the scope of the bill reaches even
that far now.
Mr. SCHENCK. With the permission of
the gentleman from Iowa, and concurring with
him in the general principles that he lays down.
I wish to call his attention to an inquiry that
suggests itself to me, why the first assistant in
a Department should bo excepted ? In the bill
prepared by the joint committee on retrench-
ment, and which my friend from New York
[Mr. Hale] has, I believe, already moved as
a substitute for this bill, we have borne in mind
the principle now suggested by the gentleman
from Iowa, and have excepted the Secretary
of State, the Secretary of the Treasury, the Sec-
retary of War, the Secretary of the Navy, the
Secretary of the Interior, the Postmaster Gen-
eral, and the Attorney General. I do not know
that it appears as clearly that the first assistants
should be excepted. If, for instance, the First
Assistant Secretary of the Treasury is excepted,
why should not the Second Assistant Secretary
be? They are both confidential officers. And
so in the Post Office Department; if you except
the First Assistant Postmaster General, why not
except the Second and Third Assistant Post-
masters General? They are each equally con-
fidential officers subordinate to the Postmaster
General, and their offices are made necessary
from the fact that there are three divisions of
duty in that Department. Although there may
be a certain propriety in giving this exception ■
to the person at the head of the whole Depart-
ment, that does not apply to the assistant heads.
I desire to retain the principle for which the
gentleman contends, for I think it is sound and
safe; but I prefer to limit the application to the
heads of Departments alone.
Mr. KASSON. I will answer the gentleman
with two reasons. In the first instance, the
first assistant in the absence of his chief—and
I call the gentleman's attention to that—is him-
self invited to a scat in the Cabinet. He is
therefore, in that place, one of the confidential
advisers of the President touching his Depart-
ment. The other reason is, that the first assist-
ant in all the Departments, so far as I know,
is a confidential officer, and the other assistants
are not: that there is a division in the classes
of business in all the Executive Departments—
I know there is in the Post Office Department—•
which renders the first assistant a confidential
officer and does not render the others confi-
dential to the chief of the Department. The
first assistant is the one whom the chief con-
sults intimately if he wants confidential inform-
ation.
If the House will pardon me I will illustrate
this point by my own experience. At the time
the mails were suspended between the North
and the South at the beginning of the war,
when I was First Assistant Postmaster General,
althoughl was not at all in charge of the dead-
letter office of that Department, it was deemed
expedient that the reports upon the informa-
tion that was derived from those dead letters,
which, under the ordinary operation of the law,
were opened, should be made to me, and that
the requisite action taken upon them should
come through me. There were important acts
of the Government depending on the disposi-
tion made of the information thus obtained.
I mention this to illustrate the point that
there are confidential relations existing be-
tween the head of a Department and his first
assistant which would justify him in demand-
ing of Congress, and justify Congress in grant-
ing him one officer upon whom he can rely
implicitly as his confidential friend. Knowing
the necessity of this confidential relation be-
tween the Secretary and his first officer under
the law, just as between the President and his
Secretaries, I ask that we shall except these
two classes of officers from the operation of
this law. This bill would deprive the Presi-
dent of any choice of his confidential advisers
without the approval of another branch of the
Government.
That is all I have to say upon the subject,
-and I shall of course very cheerfully abide by
the action of the House.
A Member. Does the first assistant act as
Secretary in Cabinet meetings?
Mr. KASSON. In the absence of his chief
he takes his place, and I have myself sat in
the Cabinet of the President as First Assistant
Postmaster General.
Mr. GARFIELD. In view of the tangled
