1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
condition of this bill and the many amend-
ments offered, I suggest that it be referred to
Committee of the Whole and made the special
order, and I will then move to go into.Com-
mittee of the Whole upon it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not
see the object of that. We can by unanimous
consent consider the bill as in the Committee
of the Whole of the House.
Mrs GARFIELD. I think there are prob-
ably twenty amendments pending or ready to
be offered—amendments both verbal and sub-
stantial—and I think we can dispose of them
much better in committee than in the House.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. By unani-
mous consent we can consider the bill in the
House as in the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. GARFIELD. I have no objection to that.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then mod-
ify your motion.
Mr. GARFTELD. I will make this propo-
sition, then, that the bill be considered in the
House as in the Committee of the Whole.
The SPEAKER. That will allow five min-
utes' debate for and against amendments until
the bill is open to general debate.
Mr. FINCK. Will there be any general
debate allowed on this bill?
Tlie SPEAKER. Thegentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Williams,] who has charge of
the bill, has stated that he proposes to allow
general debate after the. bill shall have been
perfected.
No objection being made, the proposition of
Mr. Garfield was agreed to.
The first question was upon the following
amendment, moved by Mr. Kassox :
Add to the first section the 'following:
Provided further. That this section shall not apply
to the heads of the several Executive Departments
or their first assistants.
Mr. WILLIAMS. It will be observed by
the House when they come to look at the amend-
ment which has been moved by the gentleman
from Iowa, [Mr. Kasson,] that it is a revival
of the old question of 1789. It will be recol-
lected by those familiar with the legislative
history of this nation, that in the First Con-
gress the question was discussed at great length
as to the powers of Congress under the Consti-
tution to associate the Senate with the Presi-
dent in the matter of removals. I think a major-
ity of both Houses, as constituted at that time,
would have said that the thing ought to have been
done if it could be done constitutionally. But
it, was resisted by Mr. Madison, and the ma-
jority sided with him, though it was a small
majority—a majority of one in the Senate. It
was held by Mr. Madison that the power to re-
move was a power which passed by the general
grant in the Constitution, assigning the exec-
utive powers of this nation to or lodging them
in the President of the United States.
The ai'gument of the minority in that case was
that the power to remove was an incident of
or necessarily inhered in the power to appoint.
Yet the opinion of the majority, as advocated
by Mr. Madison, prevailed. Now we all know,
and I think no lawyer will dispute the asser-
tion, that the idea of the minority of that First
Congress has been sustained by the only judi-
cial decision we have since had upon that ques-
tion, in the case Ex relatione Heenan, reported
in 13 Peters, and familiar of course to all the
lawyers of this House.
As I have already remarked, we are coming
back again to the question which was before the
First Congress. I think it has always been re-
garded by the best lawyers of the nation since
that time that the decision of Congress in 1789
was wrong. And the opinion has generally
prevailed" that that decision was obtained in
consequence of the weight and influence of the
personal character of our first Chief Magis-
trate.
Now, in addition to the fact of the preva-
lence of an opinion of this sort since that time,
I think I may also say it has been quite as
generally lamented that any such decision has
ever been made. And the desire has boon
expressed time and time again, by loading men
in both Houses of Congress, to bring the Gov-
ernment back to its true principles, by placing
this matter of appointment to and removal
from office under the control of the people
through their Congress.
Now, in my mind there is no question that
in making these removals, which gentlemen
would allow the President to make, he is ex-
ercising power that the Constitution never con-
ferred upon him. As I remarked, this is the
very question which arose in the First Con-
gress. Unfortunately the decision was then
made one way, and we propose now to reverse
it upon the first opportunity that has ever
been presented to us, and the last perhaps that
may ever be offered in our history as a nation.
Mr. HALE. I would inquire if it is in order
to move an amendment to the amendment of
the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Ivasson?]
The SPEAKER. It would be in order.
Mr. HALE. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the words "or their first
assistants."
The amendment to the amendment was
adopted.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment of Mr. Kasson as amended; and upon a
division there were—ayes 38, noes 50; no
quorum voting. *
Mr. KASSON. I call for the yeas and nays
upon the amendment as amended.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. KASSON. I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Kassojt
and Williams were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 57, noes 46.
Jtr. WILLIAMS. On this question I de-
mand the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. The yeas and nays have
been refused.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Then I move to recon-
sider tho vote by which the yeas and nays were
refused.
On the motion there were—ayes 47, noes 57.
So the motion to reconsider was not agreed
to; and the amendment was adopted.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move further to amend
the first section by inserting after the word
"public," in the eighth line, the word "ser-
vice;" so as to read, "where the interests of
the public service may make it necessary," &c.
Mr. WILLIAMS. There is no objection to
that amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move also a verbal
amendment: to strike out in the twenty-second
line the words " advising and consenting," and
insert in lieu thereof the words " refusing to
advise and consent;" so that the clause will
read:
And in case of the refusal of the Senate to concur
in the removal, either by a direct vote thereon, or by
refusing to advise and consent to the appointment
of the person so nominated, &c.
Mr. WILLIAMS. That amendment will give
the clause precisely the contrary meaning to
what is intended. If the gentleman will exam-
ine the text lie will find it right as it is.
Mr. GARFIELD. I have examined it care-
fully, and I think the amendment is necessary :
but as other gentlemen appear to object to the
amendment I will withdraw it.
Mr. DONNELLY. 1 move to amend by-
adding at the end of the section the following :
And provided further, That in all cases wherean
appointment has been made by the President during
the recess of the Senate, but the party so appointed
has not been confirmed by the Senate and entered
upon the discharge of the duties of the office before
the passage of this act, then and in that case the
occupant of the office^ shall continue to hold and
exercise the same until his successor has been con-
firmed by the Senate.
Mr. Speaker, a few words in explanation
of this amendment may be necessary. It is
designed to cover a class of cases not other-
wise provided for in the bill. There have been
cases in which an appointment has been made
during the recess of the Senate, notice of the
j appointment given, and the commission made
I: out, but cither from delay in filing the bond or
taking the oath of offiee, or-from the remote-
ness of the locality, as is the case in my own;
district, the new appointee has not up to the
present time entered upon the duties of the
office, and probably will not do so until after
the passage of this bill. This amendment
proposes to cover such cases by providing that
if at the time of the passage of this act the
former incumbent is still in the office he shall
continue to exercise the duties of the office
until the new appointee is confirmed by thft
Senate. * . ;.
Mr. BINGHAM. If I rightly understand:
the purport of this amendment, it is open to
objection as conflicting with the provisions of
the Constitution. I ask that it be read again.
The Clerk again read the amendment.
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to inquire of the
gentleman from Minnesota whether his amend-
ment contemplates appointments to vacancies
happening during the recess of the Senate^
or appointments to fill vacancies created by
removals. -'
Mr. DONNELLY. It is designed Jo mieet
the question which might arise, whether the
vacancy commenced from the date of the com-
mission or from the time when the party enters
upon the duties of the office.
Mr. BINGHAM. All I desire to say is, that
if a vacancy happens during the recess of the
Senate and the President makes an appoint-
ment to fill the vacancy and issues a commis-
sion, the Constitution itself defines the dtirar
tion of that appointment. The express dec-
laration of the Constitution is:
The President shall have power tofill op all vaean-
end of their next session."
If the amendment of the gentleman from
Minnesota contemplates in such cases an ex-
tension of the term of office beyond the end of
the present session of the Senate, it is in direct
conflict with the letter as well as the spirit of
the Constitution.
The amendment was not agreed to. -
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to amend by
inserting the word "civil" before the word
"officer" in the third line of the first section ;
so that the clause will read, "that no civil
officer of the United States appointed on the
nomination of the President," &c.
My colleague [Mr. Gakfield] was entirely
mistaken in assuring the House that there is
now no law protecting officers in the military
and naval service from arbitrary removal by the
President. I remember very well, the effort
which he made in the Thirty-Eighth Congress,
when he was a member of the Committee on
Military Affairs, to secure the passage of such
an enactment; and I cooperated with hira
in his endeavors to attain that object. But
although failing in that Congress, in this Con-
gress the effort was renewed, and such pro-
vision was inserted in the Army bill passed by
this House reported from the Committee on
Military Affairs. But when that failed, or
seemed likely to fail altogether in the Senate,
I took care to select from that Army bill some
two or three sections involving matters kin-
dred to this, and particularly this one, and
succeeded in getting it incorporated into an
appropriation bill. And the fact is this is the
law as it now stands, as gentlemen will find
by referring to the fifth section of the bill
passed at the last session making appropria-
tions for the support of the Army, &c. The
section is as follows -.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That section sev-
enteen of an act entitled "An act to define tho pay
and emoluments of certain officers of the Army,
approved July 17,1862, and a resolution entitled "~A
resolution to authorize the President to assign, the
command of troops in tho same field or department
to officersof the same grade without regard to senior-
ity," approved April 4, 1862, be, and the same nre
hereby, repealed. And no officer in tho military or
naval service shall, in time of peace, be dismi^ea
from theservice except upon and in pursuance of the
sentence of a court-martial to that effcct, or in com-
mutation thereof.
As the law stands now, there is no necessity
for doing that which ordinarily T think is un-
tenable; to mix up our legislation in regard to
