1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
sn
war for the Union, with an amendment in the
form of an additional section.
Mr. STEVENS. I desire to state that when-
ever I can get the opportunity I will move to
go into Committee of the Whole upon a public
appropriation bill, which is very necessary, and
will not take a very long time for consideration-
Mr. SCHENCK. As I do not know how
soon we may be able to take up and consider
the bill I have just reported, I will move that
it and the amendment to it be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
order op business.
Mr. SCHENCK. Do I understand that the
gentleman from Khode Island [Mr. Jesckes]
is compelled to go on now, because there is
objection to laying his bill over till after the
morning hour?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Rhode
Island asked unanimous consent that the bill
might be postponed till after the morning hour.
The gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Kasson] ob-
jected, stating that he desired after the morn-
ing hour to move that the House go into the
Committee of the Whole for the consideration
of an appropriation bill.
Mr. SCHENCK. I hope the gentleman from
Iowa will withdraw that objection. This bill
has to be considered at any rate, either now or
after the morning hour.
Hr._ KASSON. At the time I made the
objection I understood that the morning hour
had begun, that the bill of the gentleman from
Rhode Island was a regular report of a com-
mittee, which the committee had the right to
make at this time, and that the proposition was
now to pass it over until after the morning
hour. I learn now that the bill has come in by
unanimous consent. I was under an entire
misapprehension, or I should have felt it my
duty to object. As the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations has stated, the com-
mittee desire that the House shall go into the
Committee of the Whole to-day on one of the
regular appropriation bills. If we cannot bring
that bill up as early as we desire I do not wish
to interfere with allowing the morning hour to
take precedence of the bill of the gentleman
from Rhode Island.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from
Iowa withdraws his objection the Chair will
again state the question.
Mr. STEVENS. I object to anything that
will prevent our going into the Committee of
the Whole after the morning hour.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania objects to the arrangement suggested
by the gentleman from Rhode Island, and the
gentleman will proceed now.
civil service again .
Mr. JENCKES. Mr. Speaker, the bill just
reported, and to which I am instructed by
the committee to invite the favorable attention
of the House, is intended to work an entire
reformation in the method of making appoint-
ments to the subordinate offices in the civil
service of the United States. It has been
framed, and is now proposed, for no political
or partisan purpose. It has no regard to the
existing condition and relations of parties in
the Republic, and no bearing upon the contro-
versies between the different departments of
the Government. The first draft of the bill was
prepared when there was another head to the
Administration, ay.d before the present eom-
glications existed, and was presented to the
.ouse before these had become serious. The
measure was the result of some study and
thought in its origin. It has been subjected to
the scrutiny and has been improved by the
revision of two select committees. It is now
presented and its passage urged in the hope
that it will be found the suitable basis of a
system which will improve the character and
promote the efficiency of the civil service of
the Government, and as a measure which has
due regard to the magnitude of the subject with
which it undertakes to deal.
THE SCOPE OF THE BILL.
This bill has relation to all that class of per-
sons in the civil service which are described in
the Constitution as "inferior officers."
. 1' Congress may by law vest the appointment
of such inferior officers as they think proper in the
President alone, in the courts of law, or in the heads
of Departments."
THE SAME PRINCIPLE HAS BEEN APPLIED TO THE MILI-
TARY AND NAVAL SERVICE.
This clause in the Constitution covers all
branches of the service. Congress has exer-
cised the power therein granted by making
provision for the selectioil of competent per-
sons for officers in the military and naval ser-
vice._ With regard to these branches of the
public service it has done more than this bill
proposes. Military and naval schools have
been established for the proper education of
those who aspire to positions in those services.
No one is admitted to even a probationary
position except after a thorough examination
into his qualifications and probable fitness for
the service he seeks to enter. If he fails at
any period of his preliminary career he becomes
ineligible to promotion and is dismissed. Ex-
perience has taught us that in those branches
of the public service the public interest de-
mands the selection of the best applicants, who
should be thoroughly trained to the performance
of their duties before entering upon them, and
who by thorough education and by gradual
promotion and the teachings of actual service
may become fitted to lead our armies and guide
our navies.
Tt, has been conceded that the laws which
require satisfactory evidence of the probable
fitness of each candidate for the career he en-
ters upon are wise and just. The evils result-
ing from incompetency in its servants are
among the greatest that can befall any Govern-
ment in an emergency which requires it to put
forth all its powers. Recent examples are too
numerous to make any invidious mention or dis-
tinction. But every one knows that unto every
young man who enters the military and naval
service of the United States the portals of a
glorious career are thrown open, and they can-
not complain that the people require them to
show that they possess talent which may ripen
into the genius fit to conduct campaigns, or-
ganize* and maneuver fleets, command armies,
wage war, and win battles.
NOT APPLIED TO TUB CIVIL SERVICE, AND REASONS.
No such regulations have been made appli-
cable to the civil service. While careful in the
highest degree in the selecting and training of
those who adoptthe profession of arms, wo have
been negligent and even reckless in the mode
of choosing our civil servants. Perhaps we
have unconsciously deferred to the old idea that
war was the nobler pursuit. Perhaps, also,
it may have been thought hardly worth while
to attempt to organize and systematize the
civil service and put it under discipline while
its members were few and its force widely
scattered. The fact is that it has been left
almost entirely to personal and partisan con-
trol, and its members recruited and selected
from local and political influences. While the
annual expenditures of the Government were
less than $50,000,000 and the revenue was
derived almost entirely from customs, there
was substantially but one Department of the
civil service—that of the Treasury. The num-
ber of its officers was then not large, and their
selection and appointment was comparatively a
light duty. But the ''Blue Book" has swelled
from a small duodecimo "Official Register"
to 'a large octavo volume. The expenses of
the Government must for a long time exceed
$300,000,000 a* year. The growth of the
nation, notwithstanding the check of civil
war, is more rapid and sure than ever. Its
civil servants will soon, if indeed they do not
now, outnumber the military and naval forces
combined. This increase shows the necessity
for laws and regulations to govern them.
In the early days of the Republic, even with
the rigid application of Jefferson's maxim,
there was not entire success in the appoint-
ments to the civil service. Yet the plan waa
tolerable in its results until the change of
policy in the administration of President Jack-
son. From the date of that change the evil
results have increased in even a greater degree
than the growth of the service. For a wnile
they were not so glaring as to call for correc-
tion by positive legislation. The frauds and de-
falcations which then occurred, and were from
time to time exposed, were considered as mere
ulcers on a comparatively healthy organiza-
tion, and not as the evidence of disease which
required a thorough renovation of the system
for its cure.
NECESSITY OP A THOROUGH REFORMATION IN THE
MODE OF APPOINTMENTS TO OFFICE.
But the committee have become convinced,
and they believe that the evidence taken be-
fore them and before other committees will
convince the House and the country, that the
true interests of the Government can be best
served, its expenses lessened, the character
of its officers improved, and its business more
effectually done, by ati entire reformation in
the mode of making appointments in the civil
service. It may be questioned whether a more
vicious system, or rather want of system, than
that now existing can be devised or imagined.
The public sale of offices could hardly be worse,
for in such case the tenure of the office would
be required to be defined and its emoluments
made certain before the office could have any
marketable price. Something definite must be
offered for sale before a sale can be effected.
But at present nearly every one of these sub-
ordinate offices is filled by some person who
gained his appointment.by the recommendation
of personal and political friends, and not by
the application of any test to discover his fit-
ness for the place he occupies. His compen-
sation is subject to assessments or forced contri-
butions to pay the expenses of conducting
elections in which he is not a candidate for
office. If he should show any decided ability
or special aptitude for the service he has no
assurance of promotion, or even of retention.
His term of office is limited by the pleasure,
caprice, or interest of his superior.
In the corruption of onr politics all these
places have become the rewards of partisan-
ship. At every change of administration which
brings a different political party into power,
the time within which a clean sweep can be
made depends upon the industry and zeal with
which the incoming authorities can hear and
decide upon the claims of the new horde of
office-seekers clamorous for the reward of their
partisan services. The good of the service is
seldom consulted in making appointments, and
more rarely in making removals, and the appli-
cants care far less for the public interest than
for their nwii. There is little or no scrutiny
into the character and antecedents of the appli-
cant other than as to his political services ; no
examination to test his qualifications; no pro-
bation even during which his fitness or unfit-
ness for the ofhee might be discovered. Not
but that occasionally some good or faithful men,
possessing both character and intellect, do find
admission into these offices; I know, and each
of us can name, many of them who do not only
their own proper work, but that of many of
the indolent and incapable who have been
quartered upon the service through influential
friends. These men also act as a check to the
vicious and dishonest, and give to the service
all the character it possesses, and more than
on the whole it justly deserves. Many of these
men have sought the public service as a tem-
porary calling, moved thereto by accident or
misfortune; for it must be admitted that the
Government service holds out few attractions
as a career to young men who are skillful,
energetic, ambitious, and well trained to busi-
ness. Though a .young man may possess all
these qualities and be diligent and faithful in
the performance of his duty, yet he holds his
place, if such a person should be unfortunate
enough to accept one, by no definite tenure;
