838
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
he has no certainty of promotion either from
seniority or from merit; and surrounded, as he
must necessarily be as things now are, by men
of lesser qualifications, his very virtues may
impede his progress, and Ms ability to succeed
may prevent his success.
Very few who feel themselves competent to
attain eminence or even refutable positions
in the learned professions or in business, ever
enter the subordinate grades of the civil ser-
vice. It has no rewards or honors to stimulate
ambition; it gives the individual no position
either in society or in the State. It must be con-
fessed that this service has sunk into a sort of
disrepute. Those active, energetic, and capa-
ble men who are scattered among its places feel
called upon to give some reason for their being
found there, whenever the character of their
employment is the subject of conversation in
their presence. The employes in the public
service have not an equal standing in the com-
munity .with tbose in corresponding positions
employed by private persons or corporations.
The merchant's bookkeepers and clerks, the
bank cashiers, clerks, and tellers, the agents
of express and insurance companies, and oth-
ers who, although in subordinate capacities,
urge forward the business of the world, stand
higher in public esteem than those who have
dropped into this treadmill of the public ser-
vice. Even the great but more poorly paid
class of teachers, with lives as monotonous,
and with as slight rewards for successful toil,
are much more respected. The reason is plain.
In the pursuits of active life there is no place
for the idle, the corrupt, the ignorant, the dis-
solute, or the dishonest.
If a man be an inferior lawyer or noisy pri-
mary-meeting politician, or both, no presump-
tion is raised thereby in his favor that he will
make a good bank-teller or accountant; al-
though these qualities seem to avail him if he
aspires to similar employment in a post office
or custom-house. As a general rule, those who
from some defect or incorrect habit in mind or
character have been unable to succeed in the
open competition of business, are quartered by
their relations and political friends, as occasion
may offer, upon the public service; and al-
though, taken as a whole, the pay is greater
and the labor lighter under Government than
in other employment, yet the work is done with
less promptitude and thoroughness. The Gov-
ernment runs every custom-house and consider-
able post offices with more men and greater pay
and with greater loss from inefficiency and dis-
honesty than every successful individual or cor-
poration manages an equal amount of business.
In truth no merchant, manufacturer, or busi-
ness corporation could succeed who selected
their clerks and agents upon the recommenda-
tion of politicians and without examination
into their qualifications or scrutiny into their
private character. The wonder still is, not so
much that the Government is served as well
as it is, but that with such a mode of selecting
its servants it is served at all.
DUTIES OF HEADS OF DEPARTMENTS AND MEMBERS OF
CONGRESS WITH REGARD TO APPOINTMENTS TO OF-
FICE.
Beside, the pe'ople have a right to demand
that the time and talents of their chief public
servants should be employed in performing
the duties of the offices to which they are
elected or appointed. Of their members of
Congress they require results in legislation ; the
enactment of wise laws, and the establishing
of the best" means for enforcing their execu-
tion. 01 their heads of Departments they
demand an unremitting attention to the man-
agement of the vast public interests they have
in charge. Of their revenue officers they de-
mand the utmost vigilance, fidelity, and zeal,
in order that fraud and perjury shall not
diminish the means by which we are-to redeem
the burdens of taxation. And above all, of
the President of the United States they demand
that his mind and heart, his whole time, ener-
gies, and talents shall be given to the high
duties of that more than imperial office, to the
general oversight and direction of its vast
business, and the conduct and guidance of the
great affairs of the Republic.
'Yet what member of Congress does notfind
a large portion of his time taken from his
legislative duties by the solicitations of office-
holders and office-seekers? Who has not felt'
that his dignity has been lowered, as well as
his time wasted, and that the independence of
the legislator from executive influence, which
the Constitution provided for, and which the
fathers of the Republic so greatly esteemed,
had been compromised by waiting in the ante-
chambers of Secretaries and heads of bureaus
for his turn to see the high official about the
appointment to or retention in office of per-
haps some deputy collector, assistant assessor,
customs inspector, or temporary clerk, whom
his political friends recommend as having claims
upon his attention?
When Congress shall have regulated the
mode of making these appointments by law,
in exercise of its constitutional power, mem-
bers of Congress would not be called upon
and would have no right to interfere with the
appointing power, but would fee left free for
the performance of their proper duties.
What Secretary of the Treasury has not been
compelled to give to a contest for a collector-
ship of customs or of internal revenue or for
the thousands of inferior officers within his con-
trol, the time and thought which might have
been better bestowed upon the questions which
constantly beset him in the performance of his
duties, on the workings of the tariff with regard
to revenue and protection, on the internal rev-
enue law, so as to relieve the people from unjust
and unequal taxation, on our finances and cur-
rency so as to propose measures which might
tend to equalize the values of gold and cur-
rency and to prevent the great fluctuations
which perplex, astonish, and frequently create
ruin in the commercial world ?
We have seen also that at the change of
the collectorship in one of our great ports
upwards of four thousand new applications for
office were laid before the new collector, all
urged against the incumbents and in favor of
the applicants upon personal and political con-
siderations. For hearing and decision upon
this vast amount of cases his official term would
hardly be long enough. In another port a most
estimable man and worthy officer was driven
out of his mind and into the sea unto death by
the hordes of hungry office-seekers who beset
his path by day and left him no rest at night.
Thetimeofalltheseprincipal officers is wasted
and their energies diverted from their duties iu
listening to the contests of those who are com-
peting to become their assistants, and whose
claims, resting almost entirely upon political
grounds, the officer being a politician himself,
and looking beyond the uncertain tenure of his
present office at the chances for the future,
does not find it politic to ignore. And even
the President himself is not secure from the
importunities of rival local politicians for these
subordinate places, and by entertaining and
sometimes acting upon them himself, encour-
ages the scramble for office on political grounds,
which disgraces the administration of our Gov-
ernment.
Thus the people are deprived of a great por-
tion of the time and services of their highest
and most responsible officers. Assistants have
to be provided by law in order that the duties
of the great offices may be performed ; and
with the increased number of officers comes
additional salaries and expenditures.
TENDENCY TOWARD CENTRALIZATION.
Another evil, and one which may become
of greater magnitude and threaten greater
danger to the Republic than any other, is that
already suggested, of the direct interference
of the Chief Executive in the appointment of
officers which by law is vested in the heads of
Departments, claiming to exercise over these
chiefs the power of removal without the assent
of the Senate, as well as exercising the power
of appointment with the Senate's advice and
consent. His will controls the heads of De-
partments, in whose discretion the Congress has
by law under the Constitution vested the selec-
tion of these inferior officers. Thus the whole
public civil service, in the language of the res-
olution appointing this committee, is "being
used as an instrument of political or party pat-
ronage;" and with the leader of the political
party in power, or of one that seeks to be in
power, in the Executive Mansion, one of the
greatest evils which can endanger the exist-
ence of a republic springs into existence in
the very heart of ours—that of the centraliza-
tion of all appointing as well as executive power
in one person. The framers of the Constitu-
tion wisely guarded against this centralizing
tendency by the clause already quoted; but
under the present system that guard is a nullity.
CONCLUSION OP THE COMMITTEE UPON THIS SUBJECT.
When, therefore, the committee were in-
structed "to consider the expediency of so
amending the laws under which appointments
to the public service are now made as to pro-
vide" " for withdrawing the public service from
being used as an instrument of political and
party patronage," they, after deliberation, con-
cluded to meet the evil at its two extremes, and
to propose legislation against interference by
the Chief Executive as the head of a party
while the head of the nation, as well as against
the management of that unofficial party ma-
chinery-which selects and recommends for the
subordinate offices none but political partisans.
The appointing power is thus vested where Con-
gress, acting under the Constitution, has seen
St to.place it.
When, also, the committee were " instructed
to inquire into the expenditures in all the
branches of the service of the United States,
and to report whether any and what offices ought
to be abolished," they took into consideration
the whole civil service of the Government, and
came to the conclusion, after taking evidence
and giving deliberation to the subject, that its
present great expense and inadequacy of result
to the expense which is everywhere found, is
due rather to the quality and character of the
personnel of that service and their mode of
appointment, than to large salaries <>r to too
great a number of employes. And when the
committee came to the instruction respecting
the amendment of "the laws under which ap-
pointments to the public service are now made,''
so "as to provide for the selection of subordi-
nate officers after due examination by proper
boards, their continuance in office during speci-
fied terms, unless dismissed upon charges pre-
ferred and sustained before tribunals designated
for that purpose," it seemed to them that they
had reached, the root of the evil.
The further the investigation proceeded the
better satisfied did the committee become that
the best and surest mode of "curtailing the ex-
penses of the services of the country " was by
using proper care and judgment in selecting
the persons whom it pays for such service.
Thus, when in a division in a custom-house,
or in a class of departmental clerks, they
found twelve clerks, three of whom were com-
petent and nine of various grades of ineffi-
ciency, and all were barely getting through the
work which seven well-trained persons could
perform with ease, they could not recommend
the abolishment of five of the places, because
under the present system there could be no
assurance that the three competent men would
be retained and that four of equal efficiency
would supplant the nine inefficient ones. Un-
less the future seven should be competent to
discharge the duties of the present twelve, the
loss to the public from the obstruction and de-
lay of business would be greater than the gain
from the five discontinued salaries. The great
point to be gained is in competencv, efficiency;
and the suppression of a five-hundred dollar
office here and a thousand-dollar office there,
although many such might be dispensed with,
is but a small saving compared to the great
gain which might be obtained from an im-
provement in the personal qualities of all our
public servants. Let us seek to obtain skill,
