1514
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
ship. He has, with the skill of an experienced
and able mariner, steered the ship of state
from many a breaker and over the stormy
waves on which it was threatened to be dashed
to pieces. In respect to his general adminis-
tration of the foreign relations of our country,
I have no essential exception to make, but I
have a great deal to admire and to approve;
and I am deeply convinced that the country
has received benefit and averted the dangers
and horrors of foreign war by his skillful and
statesmanlike administration of our foreign
affairs. I believe that if there had been a less
skillful pilot at the helm we should have been
involved in war with two of the most formida-
ble European Powers; and such a contest as
that would have been disastrous, coming on at
a time when the great civil war, the internal
strife that had rent the confederacy almost in
twain, and with earthquake force was uprising
and heaving one half against the other, was so
terrible and at the same time so doubtful that
the wisest and most sagacious man could not
foretell into which scale the victory would
eventually fall. _ For the Secretary of State to
have carried triumphantly, ably, with perfect
preservation of the interests and honor of the
nation, the ship of state through these dangers,
I think was a signal service, for which he de-
serves the commendation, and if my friend
please, the eulogy of every American patriot.
Now, in relation to his administration of his
Department more immediately in connection
with our own Governmeut and the internal
affairs of the country, that portion of it that
transpired mostly under the inspiration of Mr.
Lincoln, I admit did not receive my approval;
but since the present President of the United
States has been in office, and Air. Seward has
been his Premier, I do not now remember any
essential point, any great question of policy,
upon which I have materially dissented from
the Secretary of State.
Well, Mr. President, when an American
statesman who had wandered so far from the
Bchool in which I was educated in politics,
who had maintained for so long a period prin-
ciples to which I was utterly and irreconcila-
bly opposed, which I believed unconstitutional
(and unjust to the people of a large number of
the States and destructive of the harmony of
these States and this people, has changed the
tack upon which he was steering the ship of
state and has brought it to these safe waters
and soundings in which the honorable Secre-
tary of State has been sailing that noble vessel
the last two years, I cannot withhold my ap-
probation from his administration within that
time. I therefore pronounce upon it in very
unqualified terms that approbation.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I did not intend to
engage in any debate on this question ; but as
I entered the Senate Chamber I heard words
of eulogy pronounced, and I could not remain
silent under them. I have been provoked to
this controversy by that eulogy. I always dis-
like in this body very much to say a word
against_ a man who is not present to defend
himsell; but for years I served in this body
with the present Secretary of State, and what
did I hear? When great truths and soul-stir-
ring thoughts were considered by the states-
men of America Mr. Seward was silent. When
the fate of this nation hung upon him, when he
had it in his power to save this Union, iu this
oenate he uttered unmeaning things in unmeau*
ing words. Then I did not believe that he
meant to save my country—to save it to me,
to save it to my children, and to save it to pos-
terity. He allowed the occasion to pass by.
He had it m his power to save it. One blast
from his bugle-horn would have averted this
whole calamitous civil war in which we have
been engaged and from the discussions of the
great questions iu which we have been in-
volved. But, sir, no 1 Party was his law,
not country. I now charge upon the Secre-
tary of State distinctly that after the war com-
menced he summoned to his presence an ex-
Governor of my State, who had been for some
time sojourning in Europe, and commanded
him—it was an invitation, but that Governor
considered it as a command—to be and appear
in the city of Washington, and then and there
he demanded of him to sit as vice president
at a Republican meeting of which a renegade
Breckinridge Democrat was to be president,
and he then and there told him that they had
given to their friends in Maryland $200,000 to
carry the election; and their friends in Del-
aware could have "aid" if they would do the
same. Sir, I will not sit quietly in my seat
and hear a eulogy pronounced upon such a
man, who, as I said, is the Mephistopheles of
the age, without uttering my solemn protest
against it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Iowa, upon which the yeas and
nays have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 16, nays 15 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Brown, Chandler, Conness, Cres-
wel], Fogg, Grimes, Howard, Howe, Lane, Morrill,
i! Patterson, Ramsey, Ross, Stewart, Wade, and Wil-
li son—16.
j| NAYS—Messrs.Anthony,Buckalew. Davis.Dixon,
! Doolittle, Fessenden, Hendricks, Johnson, Morgan,
; SiulsViiiry, Sherman, Sumner, Van Winkle, Wiiley,
and Williams—15.
ABSENT—Messrs. Cattell, Cowan, Cragin, Ed-
munds. Foster, Fowler, Frelinghuysen, Guthrie, Har-
ris, Henderson, Kirkwood.McDougall.Nesmith, Nor-
ton, Nye, Poland, Pomcroy, Kiddle, Sprague, Trum-
bull, and Yates—21.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed and the bill to be read a third time.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
TENURE OF OFFICE.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. President 
Mr. SUMNER. The question now comes
back on my motion to proceed with the con-
sideration of the Louisiana bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That was
the question before the Senate which was laid
aside informally.
Mr. SUMNER. And the yeas and nays
were ordered on that motion.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I wish to make a report
from a committee of conference.
Mr. SUMNER. When the bill is taken up
the Senator can make his report.
Mr. WILLIAMS. It may be some time be-
fore the bill is taken up, and I wish to have
the bill on which I desire to make a report
enrolled so that it may go to the President.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I called for the yeas
and nays on this motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The yeas
and nays have been ordered.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I understand that it is
the object of the Senator from Massachusetts
to proceed with the consideration of the Louisi-
ana bill this evening. He does not propose to
take it up for the purpose of assigning some
particular time to-morrow or at some other
regular session; but he proposes, if his motion
shall prevail, to go on with the consideration
of the bill and act upon it finally this evening.
Now, sir, I desire to submit some reasons why
this bill ought not to be acted upon to-night:
but I understand that the Senator from Oregon
desires to make a report from a committee of
conference; and, for the present, I will give
way to him for that purpose.
Mr. SUMNER. Let the question be taken
now on taking up the bill.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I ask leave to make a
report from the committee of conference on
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the
bill (S. No. 453) regulating the tenure of cer-
tain civil offices.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The report
will be received and read.
Mr. SUMNER. I mustobject to that unless
the Louisiana bill is laid by informally with the
understanding that we shall proceed with it
when this report is disposed of.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The report
of a committee of conference, as the Chair
understands, has always been a privileged
question. Of course the motion of the Sena-
tor from Massachusetts is only laid aside in- i
formally while this report is being considered.
The report will be read.
The Secretary read the report, as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments to the
bill (3. No. 453) regulating the tenure of certain civil
offices, having met. after full and free conference,
have agreed to recommend, and do reccir.mend, to
their respective Houses as follows:
That the Senate agree to the first amendment of
the House, with an amendment, as follows: at tho
end of section one of said bill insert the following
words:
Provided, That the Secretaries of State, of the
Treasury, of War, of tho Navy, and of the Interior,
1 the Postmaster General, and the Attorney General
shall hold their officcs respectively for and during tho
term of the President by whom they may have been
appointed, and for one month thereafter, subject to
removal by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate.
And the House agree to the same.
That the Senate recede from their disagreement to
the second amendment of the House and agree to the
same.
GEORGE H. WILLIAMS,
JOHN SHERMAN,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
ROBERT C. SCHENCIC,
* THOMAS WILLIAMS,
JAMES F. WILSON,
Managers on the part of the Houte.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I found myself unable
to agree with the majority of the committee
of conference in recommending the particular
arrangement which is reported. I am per-
suaded in my own mind that if the Senate
should adhere to its position upon this bill the
House of Representatives would eventually
concede a concurrence with the Senate amend-
ments. At this time of night, and with business
pressing upon us, I shall of course decline
j entering upon an argument against the limita-
tion proposed in the report of the committee
upon the tenure of these particular officers. It
is a novel proposition and deserves more con-
sideration than it can receive at this time. It
is an entire departure from anything which
appears in the bill. We had no provision in
the bill in regard to the tenure of these par-
ticular officers, and I think the committee
strained a point in order to reach the con-
clusion at which they have arrived.
These officers from the foundation of the Gov-
ernment have held their offices at the pleasure of
the President; they have been removable at will.
Now, however, they are to have a duration
assigned to their office similar to that which is
assigned by the Constitution to the President
himself. If appointed by an incoming Chief
Executive they are to hold their offices for a
period of four years, unless they shall be
sooner removed by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate. And then, sir, they
are to hold their offices for one calendar month
after the term ot the President has expired,
and during all that interesting period in the
history of a new Administration they are to
have control of the several Executive Depart-
ments, and a new President coming into office
is to be fettered with a former Cabinet for this
whole period of time while he is making all the
necessary arrangements for his Administration,
and is to be precluded from calling the men he
intends to select to his aid. I see no utility
in an arrangement of this kind, no good to be
accomplished by it, no reason why we should
depart from past practice upon frhis subject. I
am therefore indisposed to do it.
Now, sir, one other thought, and I shall leave
# kU^jC' ^ upon which gentlemen
ot the House of Representatives proceeded on
this particular subject of the tenure of office by
the heads of Departments was that those offi-
cers should be cbnsidered as independent of
the President of the United States; that they
were not to be considered as his agents, as his
otticers, hardly as his assistants, in carrying on
a h ^smess of that branch of the Government.
All the time we have been told that these offi-
cers should be separated as far as possiblo
from the President of the United States: thai
they should ln their high offices act independ-
ent of him; that they should have no depend-
ence upon him ; that they should be, to sum
it up in one word, independent, or as independ-
ent as possible. Now, the proposition which
is submitted to us as a concession to the House
