1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1515
is to tie these officers to the President; they
are to continue in office as long as lie does ;
they are to go along with him during his term,
and then they are to vacate their office in thirty
days afterward. Thus, sir, the reasoning upon
which we were asked by the House of Rep-
resentatives, or by gentlemen of that House,
to proceed upon this particular point involved
in the bill is utterly abandoned in the arrange-
ment that is made. These appointments are
to be connected with a particular President and
to continue during his term, and their tenure
to depend upon the existence of his; and they
are to go out of office very nearly at the same
time. The whole reasoning on which on this
particular point we were asked to concede our
disagreement to the House amendment is de-
parted from entirely in the arrangement which
has been made by the committee.
I might go on and point out other inconven-
iences besides those which I suggested before
on this subject, but I will not do so. I will
content myself with recording my vote against
the report of the committee, assuring the Sen-
ate that my conviction is that if they reject
tflis report an agreement can without particu-
lar difficulty be obtained in a different manner.
Mr. HOWARD. I should like to have the
amendment of the committee of conference
again reported, and I should like very much
if some member of that committee would ex-
plain the effect of it briefly, so that we can all
understand it. It is a very important provis-
ion, and ought not be acted upon without a full
understanding.
The Secretary again read the report of the
committee of conference.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I think there is no diffi-
culty in understanding this report, as it amounts
to the adoption of the amendment proposed
by the House of Representatives, with certain
qualifications. It will be remembered that the
House put the heads of Departments on the
same footing with other civil officers, and pro-
vided that they should not at any time be
removed without the advice and consent of the
Senate. Objection was made to that, because
it was said that when a new President came
into office he might be compelled to have a
Cabinet not of his own selection. This amend-
ment provides that when the term of office of
the President expires the offices of the mem-
bers of the Cabinet shall also expire, with a
provision that they may continue in office for
one month, so as to enable the incoming Pres-
ident to arrange his new Cabinet. If it was
provided that the members of the Cabinet
should go out of office when the President went
out the new President would be entirely with-
out a Cabinet till he and the Senate could agree
upon a new set of Cabinet ministers ; but this
enables him to have the advice and assistance
of the old Cabinet till he can nominate and
secure the appointment of a new Cabinet. The
report of the committee is intended to put the
heads of Departments upon the same footing
with all the other officers named in the bill,
with this exception, that their terms shall ex-
pire when the term of office of the President
by whom they were appointed expires. That
is the effect of the provision.
Mr. HOWARD. I think it an improvement
upon the bill as it originally passea the Sen-
ate; but I wish to call the attention of the
Senator to this point: the amendment of the
committee of conference declares that the Cabi-
net officers shall hold their office for and dur-
ing the term of the President, by whom they
are appointed, and then proceeds to say that
they shall hold over for one month after the
expiration of that term. Of course their new
successors cannot be appointed by the new
President at the commencement of his term,
and hence it would be impossible for the Cabi-
net officers to hold their offices strictly and lit-
erally during the term of the President. Is
there not a little ambiguity in the language?
May there not arise a controversy respecting
the actual legal term during which they are
authorized by this law to hold their offices? I
merely throw out the query for an explanation.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I think not. They are to
hold during the term of the President by whom
they are appointed, and one month thereafter,
so that to the term of the presidential office is
added one month within which to enable the
new President to arrange his new Cabinet. Of
course it is to be presumed that the Senate will
perform its duty; that when a new President
during that month nominates his new Cabinet
the Senate will confirm them; and as soon as
the new Cabinet ministers are nominated by
the President and confirmed by the Senate,
the old Cabinet ministers go out of office.
They go out of office at any time when the
President nominates new men and they are
confirmed by the Senate. Thus the President
is not bound, if the Senate sees proper so to
agree, to have a Cabinet minister any longer
than when he desires; but when he undertakes
to remove a Cabinet officer the Senate must
consent to that removal.
I will add that I have from the beginning of
this controversy regarded this as quite an im-
material matter, notwithstanding the fact that
the two Houses have been very tenacious in
the respective positions they have taken, for I
have no doubt that any Cabinet minister who
has a particle of self-respect—and we can
hardly suppose that any man would occupy so
responsible an office without having that feel-
ing—would decline to remain in the Cabinet
after the President had signified to him that his
presence was no longer needed. As a matter
of course the effect of this provision will
amount to very little one way or the other; for
I presume that whenever the President sees
proper to rid himself of an offensive or dis-
agreeable Cabinet minister he will only have
to signify that desire and the minister will
retire and a new appointment be made; but it
was considered by the committee of confer-
ence that this report was in accordance with
the spirit of the bill, and the only one upon
which we could agree. So far as I was con-
cerned, I would rather have receded entirely
from the position taken by the Senate than to
have lost this bill, for I consider the bill of
very great value and I am very anxious to see
it pass.
Mr. HOWARD. I have no doubt that the
practical interpretation of the bill will be such
as the honorable Senator from Oregon has
suggested, and I shall vote for this amend-
ment with a great deal of pleasure, and I hope
the Senate will concur in it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I agreed to the report
of the conferencc committee with a good deal
of reluctance. The Senate had by two delib-
erate votes declared its purpose not to make
the duration of the Cabinet officers fixed by
any time, but that they should hold their
offices at the pleasure of the President; and
that was the original design in the creation of
their offices; but the general purpose of this
bill is so very important, it establishes so sal-
utary a reform, that I thought it ought not to
be endangered by a dispute on a collateral
question. The House conferees and the House
by two votes were very tenacious upon the
subject, and there seemed to be a probability
that the bill would be lost upon a question that
was collateral and unimportant. I take it that
no case can arise or is likely to arise where a
Cabinet minister will attempt to hold on to his
office after his chief desires his removal. I
can scarcely conceive of such a case. I think
that no gentleman, no man with any sense of
honor, would hold a position as a Cabinet offi-
cer after his chief desired his removal, and
therefore the slightest intimation on the part
of the President would always secure the
resignation of a Cabinet officer. For this rea-
son I do not wish to jeopard this bill by an
unimportant and collateral question.
The proposition now submitted by the con-
ference committee is that a Cabinet minister
shall hold his office during the life or the term
of the President who appointed him. If the
President dies the Cabinet goes out; if the
President is removed for cause by impeach- ,
meat the Cabinet goes out; at the expiration
of the term of the President's office the Cabi-
net goes out; so that the Government will not
be embarrassed by an attempt by a Cabinet
officer to hold on to his office despite the wish
of the President or a change in the Presidency.
The great danger that might have arisen from
the bill as it stood amended by the House is
relieved by this amendment, and I think it is
much better for us to agree to this modification
rather than endanger the passage of the bill.
I therefore signed the report of the conference
committee, though with some reluctance. I
think, underthe circumstances, the Senate had
better agree to it. If it shall be found to work
I badly at any time it will be very easy by a law
or joint resolution to change it.
I Mr. FOGG. I should like to ask the Sen-
ator one question. Suppose the President
should die during the session of the Senate,
j would the Cabinet still go out without their
j successors being nominated to the Senate and
confirmed?
Mr. SHERMAN. The Cabinet would con-
tinue for one month to enable the new Presi-
dent to arrange a Cabinet.
Mr. FOGG. But would they go out at the
end of that month, though the Senate was in
l session?
! Mr. SHERMAN. The appointment of a
new Cabinet might be made immediately, and
they would take their offices at the end of the
month. I think the provision is a very wise
one.
Mr. FOGG. The question which I wished
j to ask and have answered is whether at the end
| of that month the Cabinet must go out though
the Senate were in session? Would that Cab-
inet go out till the new Cabinet had been con-
firmed by the Senate?
Mr. SHERMAN. Oh, yes. The confirma-
tion may precede the commencement of the
office. It is very often the case that a nomi-
nation is confirmed where the office does not
commence for a month or two afterward. An
appointment may now be made for an office to
take effect the 1st of July next. There is no
practical difficulty in that respect.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I shall not vote for this
report. I do not think the committee were
justified in presenting it. Two votes of the
Senate decided that it was not the pleasure of
the Senate to have this provision in the bill. I
think they were emphatic votes on the part of
this body. The result of the conference is
simply that two or three gentlemen legislate
contrary to the will of the Senate. I do not
myself believe that this is such an important
bill as that we should pass it with the most
important feature in it perhaps contrary to the
will of the Senate. That is the result of it.
The Senate has said twice that this is a dis-
agreeable feature of the bill. Now we yield
that in regard to the officers next to the Pres-
ident and make them independent of his wilL
Senators say that of course members of the Cab-
inet will not remain if it be the pleasure of the
President that they should resign. There are
two objections to that excuse for this legisla-
tion. The first is that this seems to establish
a new proposition, and a mean person getting
into the Cabinet would say, if the President
desired him to leave, ''Congress has said I
may stay; therefore I will stay." The very
person who ought to be turned out is the very
person who will stay in. A gentleman of
course would not, but a man who would have
purposes to accomplish independent of the
good of the country would stay. He is the
very person that would.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I ask the honorable Sen-
ator if the Senate would not consent to the
removal of such a man ?
Mr. HENDRICKS. That would depend on
circumstances; it is a question of doubt. I
am not prepared to say. I have agreat respect
for this body, but I am not prepared to answer
the question in the affirmative. But suppose
the Senate would, can the President of the
United States bring before the Senate all the
considerations that make it disagreeable for
one of his Cabinet ministers to remain ? I think
