1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
%k
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Upon that
question I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 18, nays 132, not voting
41; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. James M. Ashley. Sidney Clarke,
Cobb, Donnelly, Eckley, Eggleston, Farquhar, Grin-
nell, Abner C. Harding, Hotehkiss, Kelley. Kelso,
McClurg, Starr, Stevens, Van Aernam, Hamilton
Ward, and Stephen F. Wilson—18.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Aneona,
Anderson, Delos R. Ashley, Baker, Baldwin, Banks,
Barker, Baxter, Beamnn, Benjamin, Bergen, Bid-
well, Bingham, Blow, Boutwel), Boyer, Brandegee,
Bvoomall, Buekland,- Campbell, Chanler, Reader W.
Clarke, Cook, Cooper, Darling, Dawes, Dawson, De-
frees, Delano, Deming, Dixon, Driggs, Eldridge,
Eliot, Farnsworth, Ferry, Finck, Garfield, Gloss-
brenner, Goodyear, Griswold, Hale, Aaron Harding,
Hart, Hawkins, Hayes, Henderson, Higby, Hill,
Hise, Holmes, Hooper, Chester D. Hubbard, John
H. Hubbard, Edwin N. Ilubbell, James R. Hubbell,
Hulburd, Hunter, Ingersoll, Jencbes, Julian, Kasson,
Kerr, Ketcham, Koontz, Kuykendall, Laflin, La-
tham, George V. Lawrence, William Lawrence, Le
Blond. Lynch. Marshall, Marston, Maynard, Mcln-
doe, McKee, Mcltuer, Mercur, Miller, Morrill, Mor-
ris, Moulton, Myers, Niblaek, Nieholbon, Noell,
O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Patterson, Perham, Pomeroy,
Price, Samuel J.Randal!, William H. Randall, Ray-
mond, Alexander II. Rice, John H, Rice, Ritter,
Rogers. Rollins, Ross, Rousseau, Sawyer, Sehenek,
Scofleld, Shanklin, Shellabarger, Sitgreaves, Sloan,
Spalding, Stokes,Taber, Nathaniel G. Taylor. Thayer,
Thornton, Trimble, Trowbridge, Upson, Burt Van
Horn, Andrew H. Ward, Blihu B. Washburne, Wil-
liam B. Washburn, Wentworth, Williams, James F.
Wilson, Windom, and Woodbridge—132.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Arnell, Blaine, Bromwell,
Bundy, Conkling. Cullom, Culver, Davis, Denison,
Dodge, Dumont, Harris, Hogan. Asahel W. Hubbard,
Itemas Hubbard, Humphrey, Johnson, Jones, Leffc-
mch, Loan, Longyear, Marvin, MeCuilough, Moor-
head, Newell, Phelps, Pi,ke, Plants, Radford, Stil-
"well, Strouse, Nelson Taylor, Francis Thomas, John
L. Thomas, Robert T. Van Horn, Warner, Henry
D. Washburn, Wolker, Whaley, Winfield, and
Wright—41.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
deficiency bill.
Mr. STEVENS, by unanimous consent,, re-
ported from the Committee on Appropriations
a bill making appropriations and to supply de-
ficiencies in the appropriations for the service
of the Government for the fiscal year ending
June 30, 1867, and for other purposes; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee of the "Whole, and made the
special order for Thursday next after the morn-
ing hour, and from day to day until disposed
of, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I give
notice that I desire to reserve the point of
order in regard to all new legislation, and such
matter that may be in the bill just referred to
the Committee of the Whole.
employes in executive departments.
Mr. STEVENS, by unanimous consent, also
introduced a joint resolution granting additional
compensation to certain employes of the Exec-
utive Departments in Washington ; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee of Ways and Means.
leave to withdraw papers.
Mr. LATHAM. I ask leave to withdraw
from the Military Committee the papers in the
case of Daniel Cole, and have them referred
to the Committee on Invalid Pensions. They
were referred to the Military Committee by
mistake.
Leave was granted accordingly.
leave of absence.
Mr. LATHAM also asked and obtained
leave of absence for two days for his colleague,
Mr. Chester D. Hubbaiid.
And then, on motion of Mr. WILSON, of
Iowa, (at twenty minutes before four o'clock
p. m.,) the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
Tho following petitions, &c., were presented under
therule, and referred to tho appropriate committees:
By Mr. BOYER: The petition and papers of James
Todd, administrator of Samuel P. Todd, deceased.
By Mr. CONKLING: The petition of Rev. Dr.
Gray, and others, asking modification of taxes paid J
by clergymen, teachers, and certain others. !
Also, tho petition of manufacturers of and workers j
in ivory, horn, bone, &c., asking changoof the tariff. !
By Mr. DARLING; The petition of marine under-
writers of the city of New York, for an appropriation
to remove the wreck of the steamer Scotland at Sandy
Hook.
By Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio: The petition of
James B. W. Harris, of Union county, Ohio, for a
pension.
Also, the petition of B. Collins, and numerous
others, of Darke county, Ohio, for the impeachment
of Andrew Johnson, President of the United States.
By Mr. PAINE: The petition of Winchester De
Wolf '& Co., and others, of Whitewater, Wisconsin,
to add certain manufactured articles to the free list.
By Mr. 13:11111 AM: The petition of George H. Em-
erson, and others, clergymen, professors, and teach-
ers, for modification of the internal revenue tax on
salaries.
By Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts: The pe-
tition of the owner of the steamer Santa Marta. for
payment for use and damage to the same by the Gov-
ernment.
By Mr. WINDOM: A memorial of B. A. Froiseth,
of St. Paul, Minnesota, in relation to foreign emi-
gration.
notice of a bill.
, bill
The following notice for leave to introduce,
was given under the rule:
By Mr. WINDOM: A bill to incorporate the Dis-
trict of Columbia Canal and Sewerage Company.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, December 12,
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. E. H. Gray.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
petitions and memorials.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
hris received and takes this opportunity to lay
before the Senate the memorial of William
Boyd, of Washington city, District of Colum-
bia, the substance of which, stated in his own
words, is:
"I humbly ask your honorable body that you make
no distinctions in regard to either color or sex if you
should think proper to extend the elective franchise
in this District, which I beg of your honorable body
to do immediately: so that hereafter there shall be
no distinction of raoe or sex. I am among those who
believe that slavery will never die until all laws are
so constructed as to hold all mankind as equal before
the law."
As there is no committee before which this
subject is pending, it being under debate in
the Senate, this petition will be received and
laid on the table if there be no objection.
Mr. LANE presented the petition of Cincin-
natus W. Harper and Clarence C. Harper, chil-
dren and heirs-at-law of the late John Harper,
deceased, praying for compensation for the use
and occupation of their land by the United
States Government, in the county of Norfolk,
State of Virginia; which was referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. WILSON presented two petitions of
officers in the United States Army, praying
for an increase of pay; which were referred
to the Committee on "Military Affairs and the
Militia.
He also presented the petition of Adeline M.
Gould, mother of Eugene M. Gould, late a
private of company F, third Rhode Island cav-
alry, praying to be allowed a pension : which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
papers withdrawn.
On motion of Mr. HARRIS, it was
Ordered. That Eaton & Gage, contractors with the
Navy Department to supply the difterent. navy-yards
with certain articles, have leave to withdraw from the
files of the Senate their petition and papers praying
that their account may be settled upon principles of
equity.
notice Oh' a BILL.
Mr. WILSON gave notice of his intention
to ask leave to introduce a bill to amend an
act entitled "An act to continue in force and
to amend an act to establish a Bureau for the
Relief of Freedmen and Refugees, and for other
purposes," approved July 16, 1866.
bill introduced.
Mr. MORGxVN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. li. No. 148) presenting ^ the
thanks of Congress to Cyrus W. Field: which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
william hickey.
Mr. WILSON. I offer the following resolu-
tion, and ask for its present consideration, if
there be no objection :
Bmofoed, That the amount directed to be paid to
tho legal representatives of the,late William liieUcy
for funeral expenses, &e„ by Senate resolution of
July 9,1866, be paid by the Secretary of the Senate
out of the contingent fund of the Senate.
The PRESIDENT^™ tempore. It requires
the unanimous eonsent of the Senate tQ con-
sider the resolution at this time.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think it had better
go to the Committee to Audit and Control the
Contingent Expenses of the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on its consideration, not the dispo-
sition of the resolution. The Chair hears no
objection to its present consideration.
Mr. WILSON. We have already_passed a
resolution directing the payment of this money,
but we did not provide that it should be paid
out of the contingent fund.
Mr. FESSENDEN. My own impression is
that that resolution passed without very much
consideration.
Mr. WILSON. If the Senator would like
to have this resolution referred I shall not
object to that.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think it had better
be referred. I understand that the benefit to
be received from it—it is a mere gift, at any
rate—will be received, in part at least, by young
gentlemen who ran away from this city and went
into the rebel service, and that the whole fam-
ily, with the exception of Mr. Hickey himself,
who was very quiet and a very excellent officer,
were rather notorious for their secession' pro-
clivities and conversations. At any rate, I
think that matter had better be understood
before we act on this resolution.
Mr. WILSON. I certain^ have no ^objec-
tion to its going to a committee if any Senator
desires that course to be taken. Whatever
may be the views of these young men, the sons
of Colonel Hickey, he himself was an officer
of the Senate for many years, and I think
served it with great fidelity. I believe he was
a true Union man, devoted to the country, and
was so throughout the war, and was entirely-
faithful.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know any-
thing to the contrary, and do not even suspect
anything to the contrary. What I mean to say
is, that I have been informed—how true it is
I do not know—that the benefit of this resolu-
tion will go to persons who really were engaged
in the rebel service and left the District for
that purpose. If that is so this money Ought
not to be paid.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Maine move the reference of the
resolution to the Committee to Audit and Con-
trol the Contingent Expenses of the Senate?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques^
tion is upon that motion.
The motion was agreed to.
appointments during the recess.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I submit the following
resolution, and ask for its present consider-
ation :
BesoJvd, ThatthePresidentbo requested to inform
the Senate whether any person appointed to an office
required by law to be filled by and with the advico
and consent of the Senate, and who was commis-
sioned during the recess of the Senate previous to tho
assembling of the present Congress to fill a vacancy,
has been continued in such office and permitted to
discharge its functions, either by tho granting of a new
commission or otherwise, since the end of tho session
of the Senate on the 28th day of July last, without tho
submission of the name of sueh person to the Senate
for its confirmation, and particularly whether a sur-
veyor or naval officer of tho port of Philadelphia has
thus been continued in office without tho eonsent of
tho Senate.
There being no objection the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the resolution.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to amend the
resolution by adding to the inquiry, "and if
any sueh officer has exercised such functions
whether he has received any pay or salary
therefor."
