1516
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
there is a radical evil in this bill. It is that
removals cannot be made from important offices
except with the consent of the Senate for cause
stated and shown. Bach one of us knows that
officers oftentimes prove themselves unfit for
the office, and yet you cannot prove it against
them. You are frequently more satisfied that
a man ought to be turned out against whom
you cannot bring a case by proof showing the
fact than a man against whom the proof may
be stronger. You know it by his manner, the
way he conducts the business, his disagreeable
style toward the people with whom he has
to transact business for the Government. A
great many things may satisfy the President or
a head of a Department that for the good of
the country a man ought to be turned out, and
yet where a case against him could not be made
before the Senate.
I think the whole bill is vicious, and I will
not vote for this report of the conference com-
mittee. I do not much like this way of legis-
lating through committees of conference; there
is too much of it. I do not choose to discuss
that on this occasion. I say this report will
keep in a Cabinet the very man who ought to
be out. A decent man, a gentleman would
not wait till he was turned out; but a dirty fel-
low who had no respect for himself or the high
office would hold on under this bill.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, in my
opinion it is wrong on the part of Congress to
attempt to prevent the President of the United
States from having the choice of his own Sec-
retaries, who are substantially his clerks in a
confidential relation to him in the administra-
tion of affairs, who are to meet with him daily
and weekly in consultation, whose personal
relations with him as a matter of coarse should
be of such a kind that the President could con-
sult with them in daily intercourse, and for
whose removal a President might not be able
to give any particular cause. We know that
in the course of the Administration of the late
lamented Mr. Lincoln a crisis arose when it
was found by him necessary for the proper
administration of the jiublic affairs that certain
gentlemen of his Cabinet should go out. It
was not that those gentlemen were not men of
great ability; it was not that those gentlemen
aid not agree with him upon the great ques-
tions of policy; but we know thai particular
relations arose between the President and cer-
tain members of his Cabinet, so that it became
incompatible with the relations which were
necessarily imposed upon gentlemen holding
such a position that they should continue to
go on together, and the President could assign
no other or better reason perhaps why a mer4-
ber of his Cabinet should go out.
But, sir, without going into that, I desire to
look into this most marvelous production
of this committee of conference, which has
utterly failed to accomplish the very thing
which they design by the terms of the bill and
the language which is used. I suppose it is
aimed at the present head of the executive
department, to bind him to keep certain mem-
bers of his Cabinet, for it was openly avowed
in the discussion of this bill when it was up
before that it would be intolerable to allow the
present Executive Magistrate to have th e power
ot removal over certain members of the Cabi-
net, mentioned by name. Now, this project
does not reach those members at all. The
terms of this provision are:
TWt.h,, Secretaries of State, of the Troomry, of
War of the Navy, and of the Interior, the Posfmas-
Jur- « ' tho Attorney General, shall hold
their officos respectively forand duringthe term of the
President by whom they may have been *ppointed,
ami lor one month longer.
Now, let us look at the facts. The Secretary
of War was appointed by Mr. Lincoln during
his first term ; he never has been appointed
since; he has never received any appointment
since. Mr. Lincoln gave him no appointment
during his second term, but he held over. Mr.
Johnson has given him no appointment, but
he has held over. So of the Secretary of the
Navy, and so of the Secretary of State. The '
Secretary of the Interior, to be sure, and the i
Postmaster General and the Attorney General
have been appointed by Mr. Johnson since the
presidential office devolved on him; and by the
terms of this law the Secretary of the Interior,
the Postmaster General, and the Attorney Gen-
eral must remain during Mr. Johnson's term ;
but the Secretary of State, the Secretary of
War, and the Secretary of the Navy, according
to the terms of this provision, may be removed
by him to-morrow.
I am a little surprised at this proposition. It
j is a perfect abandonment of the principle upon
which the Senate stood in voting twice that,
although they would not allow the removal of
other officers in the Government without the
consent of the Senate, yet as to members of
I tho Cabinet, from their confidential relation to
the President, from their being his Secretaries,
with whom he must hold daily constant inter-
course, Congress should not undertake to pro-
ceed so far as to take from the President his
power of removal over them. It is substan-
tially an encroachment to that extent upon the
power of the Executive as I deem the whole
bill to be an encroachmentupon the powers of
the Executive as they have been established by
the uniform construction of the Government
from the beginning of its organization down to
the present time. I admit that as an original
question, had it been submitted to me, looking
alone to the language of the Constitution, I
might not have given the same construction
which was originally given; but that construc-
tion having been given by the men who made the
Constitution, and having been continued for
seventy years, it seems to me if anything can
be settled by construction this question has
been already settled. But I do not propose to
go into that; I simply call the attention of the
Senate to the principle upon which they stood.
This attempt to legislate for personal rea-
sons, because there is a personal feeling toward
a particular individual who may hold an office,
always misleads. The time may come when
some of my friends around me here may be
President themselves, and they may want to
choose their own Cabinet, but they may find a
Senate politically opposed to them. Then,
under this bill, a Senate politically opposed to
the incoming President would have it in their
power to compel him to keep in his Cabinet
his political opponents. I say it is an outrage
upon the Constitution to propose a thing of
that sort.
Mr. WILLIAMS. The Senator has not
given the correct construction of the amend-
ment. They go out with the President, but
may continue ior one month afterward; and
that provision is to enable a new President to
have time to form his Cabinet, so that the
President when he commences his duties on
the 4th of March, shall not be entirely with-
out a Cabinet, but shall have the old Cabinet
till he appoints new Cabinet ministers. When
he makes an appointment, the Senate, of
course, will consent.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It forces him to keep
them for a month.
Mr. WILLIAMS. It does not force him to
do any such thing.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. He cannot turn them
out without the consent of the Senate, and the
Senate may be politically opposed to him.
Again, take the case of a President and Vice
President elected together and the President,
as in the case of General Harrison, dies at the
end of one month, and the Vice President be-
comes President: he cannot change that Cab-
inet ; he cannot chdose a Cabinet of his own
without the consent of the Senate. • I think
this is suffering ourselves, in the heat of this
excitement and feeling, to do injustice to our-
selves and injustice to the Departments of the
Government. The Senate ought not to yield ;
it ought to stand by the principle which was
adopted in the first bill; certainly not go be-
yond if.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not understand the
logic of the Senator from Wisconsin. He first
attributes a purpose to the committee of con- j!
ference which I say is not true. I sav that the ii
Senate have not legislated with a view to any
persons or to any President, and therefore he
commences by asserting what is not true. We
do not legislate in order to keep in the Secretary
of War, the Secretary of the Navy, or the Sec-
retary of State.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I referred not to the
committee of conference, but I referred to the
debate on the original bill when it was pending,
in which debate it was openly stated by some
friends of this restriction on the President's
power over the Secretaries that it was not to
be tolerated that the present Chief Magistrate
should have the power to remove the Secretary
of War by name.
Mr. SHERMAN. Some Senator may have
had that purpose.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I heard it in debate ; I
speak not of what may have been the views of
individual Senators not expressed on the floor
of the Senate. I allude to what was openly
stated in debate.
Mr. SHERMAN. That the Senate had no
such purpose is ghown by its vote twice to make
this exception. That this provision does not
apply to the present case is shown by the fact
that its language is so framed as not to apply to
the present President. The Senator shows that
himself, and argues truly that it would not pre-
vent the present President from removing the
Secretary of War, the Secretary of the Navy,
and the Secretary of State. And if I supposed
that either of these gentlemen was so wanting
in manhood, in honor, as to hold his place after
the politest intimation by the President of the
United States that his services were no longer
needed, I certainly, as a Senator, would consent
to his removal at any time, and so would we all.
But this is the position of affairs: the Con-
gress of the United States now intend to assert
the power of the Senate to prevent removals
from office. We have seen within the last
year the spectacle of the whole revenue service
upturned. Why? To reward partisans to
betray a party. That was the purpose; every-
body knows it. Last fell certain executive
officers entered the shambles and removed by
wholesale persons appointed to collect rev-
enue, the most unpolitical office in the world,
for the purpose of controlling the elections of
members of Congress, thus deranging our
financial system. The evil of this course
became so palpable that men of all parties
desired some change. When we came to ex-
amine the Constitution of the United States
we found that the framers of the Government
contemplated a control over the power of
removal; that the true construction of the
Constitution required that the Senate shall
take part in the removal of an officer as well as
in his appointment; and we now by law assert
the principle that the President of the United
States shall not, without the assent of the
Senate, remove an officer appointed with the
consent of the Senate, except in certain cases.
The correctness of that principle the Senator
himself concedes, for he says that if he looked
to the Constitution alone he would say that
was right, but he thinks a different construc-
tion has prevailed. The whole history of that
construction has been debated in the Senate ;
and we now propose to go back to the true
interpretation of the Constitution, and say that
the power of removal ought not to exist in any
man unless it is restrained by the power of the
Senate. 1 hat is the true constitutional rule.
In framing this bill the committee who drafted
it said there were certain offices which ought to
be excepted from this rule. The committee
declared that this rule should applv to all the
officers ol the Government except the Cabinet
ministers. I think the Cabinet ministers ousjht
to be within the power of the President, f do
not think any Caoinet minister should hold his
office against the wish of the President. I think
the President s power over the Cabinet should
be ample, sole, and exclusive. But the House
of Ivepresentatives are of a different opinion ;
thev say this exception is not founded on a
good reason; they approve of the general prin-
ciple ot the bill, but not of the exception; and
