76
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 12,
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no objection to
the amendment, and will accept it. It is in my
power to do so.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is in
the power of the mover to accept the amend-
ment,' and the resolution will be amended ac-
cordingly. The question is on the resolution.
■ The resolution was adopted.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersojt, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the bill (S. No. 308)
confirming the title of Alexis Gardapier to a
certain tract of land in the county of Brown,
and State of Wisconsin.
The message also announced that the House
had passed a bill (H. R. No. 879) relating to
brevets in the Army of the United States.
presidential approval of bills.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Robert Johnson, his Secretary,
announced that the President had to-day ap-
proved and signed an act (S. No. 32*7) granting
a pension to Mrs. Katharine P. Winslow.
suffrage in the district.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The un-
finished business is the bill (S. No. 1) to regu-
late the elective franchise in the District of
Columbia which is now before the Senate as in
Committee of the Whole. The pending question
is on the motion of the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr.Cowan,] to amend the amendment
reported by the Committee on the District ot
Columbia, by striking out in the second line of
its first section the word "male" before
"person." Upon this question the Senator
from Missouri is entitled to the floor.
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I do not
believe,that the pending amendment to the
bill extending the franchise to women in the
District of Columbia, offered by the Senator
from Pennsylvania, was designed to be carried
out into practical legislation at this time or in
this connection. I think it was rather intended
to elicit an expression of opinion from mem-
bers of the Senate upon the general proposi-
tion involved. If it were to go into practical
effect, I am one of those who believe that it
would be necessary to accompany it by a good
deal of other legislation to prevent it from
degenerating into abuse and perhaps corrupt-
ing many of those it designs to advance in
position and influence. But accepting the
matter in the light which I have stated, for one
I am willing to express an opinion very freely
on the subject. I have to say then, sir, here
on the floor of the American Senate, I stand
for universal suffrage, and as a matter of fun-
damental principle do not recognize the right of
society to limit it on any ground of race, color,
or sex. I will go further and say that I recog-
nize the right of franchise as being intrinsically
a natural right; and I do not believe that
society is authorized to impose any limitation
upon it that does not spring out of the neces-
sities of the social state itself.
These may seem, Mr. President, extreme
views, but they conform to the rigid logic of
the question, and I defy any Senator here who.
abides that logic to escape that conclusion.
Sir, I have been shocked, yes, shocked, during
the course of this debate at expressions which
I have heard so often fall from - distinguished
Senators, and apparently with so little con-
sideration of what the heresy irresistibly leads
to, saying in substance that they recognize in
this right of franchise only a conventional or
political arrangement that may be abrogated
at will and taken from any ; that it is simply a
privilege yielded to you and I and others by
society or the Government, which represents
society ; that it is only a gracious boon from
some abstract place and abstract body for
which we should be proud and thankful; in
other words, that it is nota right in any sense,
but only a concession.
Mr. President, I do not hold my liberties by
any sucli tenure. On the contrary, 1 believe
that, whenever you establish that doctrine.
whenever you erystalize that idea in the public
mind of this country, you ring the death-knell
of American liberties. You take from each,
what is perhaps the highest safeguard of all, the
conviction that there are rights of men embra-
cing their liberty in society, and substitute a
skepticism on all matters of personal freedom
and popular liberties which will lay them open
to be overthrown whenever society shall be-
come sufficiently corrupted by partyism or
whenever constitutional majorities shall become
sufficiently exasperated by opposition.
Mr. President, so important, yea so crucial,
so to speak, do I deem this position, that
I trust I may be pardoned by the Senate if
I refer to the abstract grounds, the invinci-
ble agreement upon which I deem "it to rest.
I do this the more readily because in my belief
the metaphysical always controls ultimately the
practical in all the affairs of life. ■ Now, what
are abstract rights? And are there any in-
trinsic necessary conditions that go to consti-
tute liberty in society? I believe that there
are, and that those conditions are as determi-
nable as the liberties they protect.
The foundation upon which all free govern-
ment rests, and out of which all natural rights
flow as from a common center, has been well
stated by Mr. Herbert Spencer in a late work
on Social Statics, to be "the liberty of each
limited by the like liberty of all.'' As the fun-
damental truth originating and yet circumscrib-
ing the validity of laws and constitutions, it
cannot be stated in a simpler form. As the
rule in conformity with which society must be
organized, and which distinguishes where the
rightful subordination terminates, and where
tyranny, whether of majorities or minorities,
begins, it cannot be too ranch commended.
"Everyman has freedom to do all that ho
wills, provided he infringes not the equal free-
dom of any other man,'' is stated as the law of
just social relationships, and in it the rights of
individual liberty of thought, of speech, of
action find their complete expression. It will
be observed that equality is the essence of it
all. _ In fact any recognition of an inequality
of rights is fatal to liberty.
Observe, furthermore, that those rights in-
here in the individual, are part of his exist-
ence, and not the gift of any man or aggrega-
tion of men. If they were, equality under
a despotism might find its justification in the
postulate just as well as equality under a repub-
lic. Cesarean democracy could claim like
paternity with American democracy. The
assumption, then, that freedom in any of its
forms is a privilege conceded bjr society is
utterly unwarrantable, because society itself is
a concession from the individual—the liberty
of each limited by the like liberty of all—and
such limitation is what society or Government
represents. And it is in this sense, and flow-
ing from this axiom, that the rights of franchise
originally appertain to all alike; for franchise
is in itself nothing more than a mode of par-
ticipating in the common Government, and
represents only the interest each has therein.
That limitations may attach thereto, just as
they attach to freedom of speech or freedom
of action, is perfectly true ; but they must be
equal limitations, applicable to all alike, grow-
ing out of the social relation, and not leveled
at the inherent right of any individual or class.
Thus the exclusion of criminals from the fran-
chise, the designation of terms of minority as
connected with the exercise of political duties,
the regulation of the admission to citizenship
of persons coming from foreign countries, find
their justification in a principle which, so far
from recognizing in Government or society a
purely arbitrary control of the rights and
exercise of self-government or personal liberty,
brings it down within rigid and narrow limits
of equality and necessity.
There are those, and I am sorry some such
have arisen in the Senate to-day, who seek to
escape this conclusion, and put the blush upon
all free government, by affirming, as I have
said, that the right, of franchise is a purely
political right, neither inherent nor inuheuu- i
ble, and may be divested by the citizen or
the State at will. The consideration men-
tioned, that the right of franchise is neither
more nor less than the right of self-govern-
ment as exercised through a participation in
the common government of all, shows, how-
ever, that if it be not a natural right it will be
difficult to say in what a natural right consists.
Indeed, it is perhaps the most natural of any of
our rights, inasmuch as its denial is the denial
of all right to personal liberty, for how can
such latter right exist when the right to main-
tain it among men and the societies of men is
denied ? Again, if the right to share in the
joint government is notinherent, from whence
does it come? Who can give the right to gov-
ern another? and how can any give that he
has notgot? Society is but the aggregate of
individuals, and in its authority represents
only the conceded limitations on all, not any
reservoir of human rights, otherwise human
rights would vary with every changing asso-
ciation.
Still again, if the right of a man as regards
Government can be divested either by himself
or Government at will, then Governmenthas no
limit to its rightful tyranny—it may divest not
only one man, but a hundred or a thousand;
indeed, why not all but the chosen few or the
imperial one, thus arriving logically at oligar-
chic or despotic rule. And if a man may di-
vest himself of this right, what right is sacred
from his renunciation? That a man may re-
fuse to exercise any right is true, and that in
changing his abode he may sever his political
and social relations is equally true ; but these
facts only prove that his natural rights inhere
in his person, go with him in his movement,
subject always to be exercised under the con-
ditions and limitations before recited. After
all, to demonstrate the utter falsity and perni-
cious consequence of the idea that the right to
share in the common Government (which is
only a synonym for the right of franchise) is
a privilege to be farmed out by Government at
discretion and to whom it chooses, it is only
necessary to ask, if that be so, whence comes
the right to representation ? Wherein is the
foundation for any democratic society predi-
cated on the rights of individuals ? That va-
rious mixed Governments do undertake to limit
the franchise to the few as a privilege coming
from the body-corporate has .nothing to do
with the question, for I am discussing now
rights, not practices; republics, not aristoc-
racies.
Such I believe, Mr. President, to be the
principles on which our personal rights, our
liberties in society repose. It is true the
argument carries ns very far, but not further, I
apprehend, than republican government must
go whenever it undertakes to conform its prac-
tice to its logic. And having examined the
general reasoning that controls the whole ques-
tion of franchise, let me now advert more par-
ticularly to the bearing of tJiat argument upon
the proposition submitted by the Senator from
Pennsylvania. I know that many affirm that
the results to which such reasoning as that I
have adduced would lead are themselves con-
clusive against its force. But that is scarcely a
fair mode of judging of the strength and invin-
cibility of any argument; far less one touching
interests so momentous m character.
To give the objection its greatest force it
may be said, ' • if suffrage be the right of all
men, why is not also the right of all women,
of all children?" "Are they not equally in-
terested in good government, and are they not
equally capable of expressing through a vote
their wish in relation to public affairs?'' " Do
they not come within the category, the equal
liberty of each limited by the like liberty of all,
and if so, can the infringement of their liberty
by disfranchisement be justified?"
To such questions, and in fact to the whole
inquiry, it maybe replied that as freedom finds
the expression of its limits in the social relation
itself, so long as the marital and paternal state
remain as they are now, essential parts to that
social relation, so long will there be more or
