840
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
This bill provides for a central board of ex-
aminers, who may call to their assistance emi-
nent civilians and officers in all branches of the
service of the Government in any part of the
country, for the purpose of hearing and decid-
ing upon the claims of all applicants for their
subordinate civil offices. Upon the results of
their examinations certificates of fitness are to
be given or refused.
The fact that such a system has worked with
great success in other countries may not satisfy
every one of its practicability in this. In Prus-
sia it has been more effectual than the needle-
gun in perfecting, establishing, and enlarging
the nationality. In the minor States of Ger-
many it has been of vital importance.. Such
a system has enabled the French nation to
carry on its Government, without great shock to
its credit, although the heads of it have often
been victims of the guillotine and the bayonet.
In England the system, though but partially
adopted, has given new life to the home ser-
vice, and its full application to the colonial
service is the vital element in its administra-
tion. It has been found necessary for the
proper government of the vast colonial pos-
sessions of Great Britain that its officers should
be selected out of the number of those who
^ stood the closest scrutiny as to their fitness.
This requirement has not been considered as a
hardship, but the opportunity has been accepted
as a favor by the aspirants for the service. In
the colonial department the door is swung open
to all. Power, favor, patronage, political in-
fluence are naught before health, energy, and
merit. The young men of every nation, caste,
or color, under the protection of the Crown of
Great Britain, have the privilege of contending
for admission to a career of certain independ-
ence and honorable though limited rewards.
What is practicable in and for Great Britain
and its vast colonial possessions is practicable
for the United States. If a central board of
examiners, sitting in London, can select a class
of persons from which the offices in India,
Australia, New Zealand, and British North
America, as well as in the home service, can be
filled, not only without complaint on the part
of the applicants, but with gratitude for the
privilege of making application, then our board
of commissioners, with the assistance pro-
vided for in this bill, can do the same thing
for this country. In Great Britain it is neces-
sary that the applicants should go to London ;
by the provisions of this bill itis not necessary
that the applicants "should all go to Washing-
ton, or that the commissioners should them-
selves go to Maine or to Oregon. The central
board at Washington would determine the min-
imum degree of qualification for every subor-
dinate grade of the civil service. They settle
upon the questions to be asked of the candi-
date and the scrutiny to be made into his char-
acter. ]f the place of examination is at Wash-
ington they conduct the examinations them-
selves. II at New York or any other place
conveniently accessible, they may all attend or
send one of their number to act with other
competent persons called specially to their
assistance. In no part of the country can there
be any deficiency in competent assistants.
Well-educated officers of the Army and Navy,
including surgeons, are stationed within or
adjacent to every State and Territory. In every
State are experienced educators who would
gladly perform the service of examiners from
an honorable sense of patriotic duty. In most
ot the States the members of the boards of edu-
cation and school committees serve without
compensation. Those of us who have selected
our nominees for the Military and Naval Acade-
mies through competition have found no diffi-
culty in securing the willing service of eompe-
tenl examiners.
Suppose the heads of Departments report
that they need a hundred qualified persons to
fill vacancies in the clerkships at Washington:
thereupon the central board give notice that
they will receive applications for such places
within a given period from all parts of the
country. In the mean time they will deter-
mine what questions shall be put to the appli-
cants, and what inquiries shall be made as to
their health, character, and antecedents. They
will appoint places where the candidates shall
appear, and designate thp persons who are to
conduct the examinations. The result will at
once be reported to the central board. There
may be ten thousand applicants for the vacant
hundred places, and out of those ten thousand
the board may find that two thousand are qual-
ified for the appointments. The leading hun-
dred get the places, and the people are sure
of that number of good servants.
GENERAL EFFECT OT THIS SYSTEM.
The unsuccessful nineteen hundred get cer-
tificates of their fitness for such places, and
may, under rules to be established by the board,
become entitled to appointments within a lim-
ited time without further examination. Such
is their relation to the Government; but to the
world the certificate of fitness is a letter of
credit, worth more than the diploma of any
commercial college, scientific school, or even
of any university, as a recommendation for
employment, because it is the evidence of merit
in a contest for prizes in which the alumni of
all such institutions are competitors. The civil
service commission will prove to be here what
it has become elsewhere, the grand assay office,
where all young men desirous of entering the
public service have their qualities tested ; as the
mint, where those who show that they have the
required fineness of metal receive the stamp
which will give them currency throughout the
nation. Such has been the result in Germany,
in France, and in England. Young men strive
to obtain the certificate of the civil service com-
missioners, although it does not bring them into
office, because it is the best evidence of their
qualifications for commercial or other business.
Although not ten out of a hundred who pass
the examination and scrutiny enter the public
service, yet the ninety find employment per-
haps more profitable elsewhere. The fact once
established and promulgated that the public
service is_a career that is open to all who pos-
sess certain well-defined qualifications, and that
all those who prove themselves thus qualified
can have either a place in the public service and
a certificate of fitness for such place, will raise
the standard of excellence in all the schools and
colleges in the country. The certificate of the
commissioners will have the same advantage
over the diploma of a college as the bill of a
national bank has over that of a State institu-
tion ; it will have currency throughout the
country by virtue of the national indorsement.
Education is thus stimulated and nationalized ;
the_ result will be felt in every family in the
nation, and the benefit will inure to the whole
people and not alone to the educated individ-
uals. When it was proposed to introduce this
system into the British service John Stuart
Mill wrote thus:
"The proposal to select candidates for the civil
service of Government by a competitive examination
appears to me to bo one of those great public im-
provements the adoption of which would form an
era 111 history. The effccts which it is calculated to
produce m raisipg the character both of the public
administration and of the people can hardly be over-
estimated."
THE PROPOSED BILL DESTROYS WHAT IS CALLED
" PATRONAGE."
It must be admitted that there still exists in
this Government, with all its popular tenden-
cies, some vestige of the thing once called
" patronage." The word is used in connec-
tion with almost every appointment. The
appointing officer. President or Secretary,
thinks that he has "patronage," and is using
it, whenever he orders a commission to be
made out. Those who sign "the papers" of
the fortunate recipient of the commission also
think that they are patrons, and that the
appointee is an officer of their own creation.
The poor recipient of the commission finds
before him a divided duty. The first to -the
Administration, the next to his friends who
recommended his appointment and who may,
if he does not serve them, require his removal
and the appointment of some other more sub-
servient. In most cases the interests of the
Government and of the politicians are adverse,
and the appoiutee finds that he must choose
between two masters or patrons ; the high ap-
pointing officer representing the Government
on the one side, and his political friends and
backers on the other. The collcctorship of
the port of New York is a notable example
of this class of cases.
This measure proposes to extirpate, eradi-
cate, or, in plain Saxon, dig up, root out, and
throwaside any, every, and all kinds of "patron-
age " in appointments to the public service.
The word, the thing, the act, have no place in
a republic. In other countries and in past
ages Government was the patrimony of princes,
the heritage of kings; here and now it is the
inheritance of the people. Unto every man
who casts a ballot in this country is remitted
at every election day his portion of the sov-
ereignty of this great nation. The political
career is open to all; the public service should
be a career equally accessible. There is no
place for "patronage" in our system; it is a
solecism in itself. In practice it is a great
public injury: "It 'curseth' him that gives
and him that takes." The assumed right of
control by one class of public servants over
another on other than meritorious^ grounds
ought not to be tolerated. The people do not
elect a man President in order that he may
have the privilege, the " patronage " of quar-
tering all his relations and personal and polit-
ical friends upon the Treasury, but because
they believe that their Government will be best
administered by him. Inherent in the com-
mon sense of the people is the maxim con-
cerning government, "That which is best
administered is best," and the people demand
that in their Government, which this is, all ob-
structions to the best administration shall be
removed. The best way of doing this has
seemed to us to be the securing of the ser-
vices of the best administrators. When merit
is the key that opens the gate to a career in
the public service, the "patronage" which
has introduced dullness, mediocrity, laziness,
and profligacy into it, becomes cxtinct.
-MINOR DETAILS OF THE BILL—THE EMPLOYMENT OF
WOMEN.
Another feature of this bill is, that it author-
izes the heads of Departments to designate
certain offices for which women as well as men
may compete. There are already hundreds of
women in^the public service, all of whom come
within this class of temporary appointments,
who have no clearly-defined duties and no cer-
tain tenure of office. It has been the fashion
of late to decry them and to underrate the value
of their services, and even to urge the dismis-
sal of all of them. But here, as in all other
branches of the service, the evils complained
of are incident to the mode of appointment.
They are thrust without previous training into
places sought for them, and are retained'under
lax discipline, and the result is what might
be expected of persons who have no hope°of
the recognition of merit or of the reward of
promotion, and who are conti#ually admon-
ished that they may be dismissed at any time
without notice and without cause. But once
open and secure this career to them and the
result is not doubtful. In many branches of
the service, as in many branches of teaching,
they will succeed to the exclusion of males,
and at far less expense to the Government. In
other branches they must yield altogether, or
succeed only in rare instances, asthev now do in
sculpture, poetry, and in the arts and sciences.
■The tact that some do succeed, even under
the adverse circumstances now surrounding
the attempt, may, under the stimulant of uS
assured career, and through education and
emulation, bring forward thousands of thowj
who arenow languishing for want of employ-
ment. The prejudice against the employment
01 women in the public service is only another
mode of expressing the feeling that labor is a
degradation, which feeling and prejudice it is
®ne of the duties of the free people of this
Republic to extirpate thoroughly and forever.
