1806.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
77
less of constraint involved in their expression
-through governmental forms. And it may be
added also that in so far as marriage and
paternity establish an indentity of interest
between husband and wife, or parent and child,
so far the participation of the one in the gov-
ernment is virtually the participation of both,
the franchise of one the franchise of both.
Such identity is not always true or equable,
but it nevertheless approximates truth, and is
therefore the more readily accepted as such
in practical affairs.
That the rights of women, however, are
intrinsically the same with those of men, may
not be consistently denied; and that all the
advance of modern.eivilization has been toward
according them greater equality of condition
is attested by the current history of every
nation within its pale. Rights of married
women and minors are constantly finding new ;
expression in our laws and new force in our
public opinion, which is only law in process
of formation. While it will not be necessary,
therefore, to go into those deeper and anterior
questions of social life involving the substitu-
tion of voluntary for compulsory modes which
are agitating so profoundly the intellect of this
age, it is important to note that of the three
great departments of control in human affairs,
namely: morals or conscience, manners or
society, government or laws, the two former
have been unreservedly conceded to the full
and equal participation of women. And fur-
thermore, I venture to affirm with all confi-
dence, that although the social relation, as it
embraces a recognition of family dependence,
may present obstacles to an equal influence
under present forms of government and to the
full exercise of citizen rights on the part of
women, yet that the purity, the refinement,
the instinctive reading of character, the ele- •
gant culture of the women of our land, if
brought to bear upon the conduct of political
affairs, would do much to elevate them in all
their aims, and conform them to higher stand-
ards of justice.
Mr. President, I have listened in vain for the
the argument on which is predicated the asser-
tion that sex alone affords a rightful ground
for exclusion from the rights of franchise. I
do not find anything to justify that %"iew, even
in the position of those who contend that fran-
chise is a mere political privilege and not
founded in any right, for that would apply to
men equally as to women, and does not touch
the "question of relative rights. The position
would still remain to be established why the
franchise should be given to the one and not
to the other. It would remain still to present
grounds of principle on which that right as
such may be denied to her and not denied to
him.
I have heard reasons of policy, reasons of
sentiment, reasons of precedent advanced to
justify this exclusion ; but in all frankness, and
with no disrespect intended, I must say that
those which have been presented during this
debate seem to me trivial, illogical, and con-
tradictory of each other.
First, it has been said that if women are enti-
tled to the rights of franchise they would cor-
respondingly come under the obligation to bear
arms. But, sir, I do not know that there is
any necessary connection between the rights
of franchise and the requirement of service in
your Army. On the contrary I do know that
all Governments which have existed among
men do now recognize the fact that there is no
necessary connection between the two; and T
do know that no Government has more dis-
tinctly recognized that portion than the Gov-
ernment of the United States. Are there not
large classes even among men in this conn- ■
try who are exempt from service in our armies j
for physical incapacity and for other reasons?
And if exemptions which appertain to males
may be re ignized as valid, why not similar
exemptions for like reason when applied to
females? Does it not prove that there is nothing
in the argument so far as it involves the ques- jj
tion of right? There are Quakers and other re- ii
ligious sects; there are ministers of the gos-
pel ; persons having conscientious scruples;
indeed, all men over a certain age who under
the laws of many of the States are released
from service of that character. Indeed, it is
the boast of their Republic that ours is a vol-
unteer military establishment. Hence I say
there is nothing in the position that because
she may not be physically qualified for service
in your Army therefore you have the right to
deny her the franchise on the score of sex.
It might be an inquiry of very great interest
and worthy of being pursued much further than
I have the time or the ability to pursue it just
now, how far, if the ballot should be extended
to all the women in this land, it would go to
modify existing opinion and action and rela-
tionship among States so as to obliterate in a
great degree the very necessity for ybur Army
and Navy. I believe, sir, that a very large
majority of the wars that have been waged in
this world have been wars that were condemned
by the moral sense of the nations on both
sides, wars that would have been terminated
forthwith if that moral sense could have had
its rightful influence in controlling the affairs
of Government; and I say it is a question that
is worthy of consideration how far such an
element introduced into your political control
would go to obviate these barbarous resorts to
force which you now deem essential and which
we all deplore, but which it is a folly if not a
crime to say constitute a reason woman should
be denied any right to which she would be
otherwise entitled.
Mr. President, a second objection has been
taken to any extension of the franchise in this
direction, and it is one that perhaps has more
seeming force in it than the other.
It has been said with a great deal of pathos
by the Senator from New J ersey :. what, would
you have your wives and your daughters mingle
in the scenes at the election-booths, go into
the riotous demonstrations that attend upon
the exercise of the ballot, and become parti-
cipants in the angry and turbulent strifes that
are so characteristic of our political modes? I
say with frankness that I would not .have wife
or daughter mingle in any such scene; I would
be loth to have their purity and their virtue
exposed to such demoralized surroundings,
surroundings that are only too apt to corrupt
even the males that mingle in the political
arena. But, sir, I contend that that is an argu-
ment against the ballot and the hustings and
the polling-booths, and not against the rights
of woman. It is an argument against those
corruptions that yon have permitted to grow
and fasten upon your political methods and
appliances and not an argument against her
rights as contrasted with the rights of man.
What! usurp an exclusive control, then de-
grade the modes of exercising power, and after
that say the degradation is reason why the usurp-
ation should continue unchallenged. What
profanation of the very powers of thought is
that! On the contrary I am prepared to say
that I see no «eason, T never have seen any
reason, why there might not be changes intro-
duced in your modes of taking the sense of the
community, of ascertaining public opinion upon
public measures, of making selection even of
its individuals for important offices, that would
conform them far more to those refinements
and those elevations which should character-
ize and control them, purifications that might
render them appropriate for participation in
by the most refined of the land, whether male
or female.
I see no reason why it should not be done.
The change has been constant already from
the very rudest forms to the forms which we
now have, and which I am sorry to say are
sufficiently rude to disgrace the civilization of
the age. Why not further amelioration and
adaptation? Are wo to have no progress in
the modes of government among men? Are
we and future generations to be ever impris-
oned in the uncouth alternative of monarchical
or democratic forms as they now obtain? I
cannot believe it. Por five years past we have
had revolution enough among us to
even the most conservative that the present is
no ultimatum, either of form or substance, ia
political or social affairs. I will go further
and venture to say that there are now seething
underneath all the forms of this Government,
revolutions still more striking than any one of
us have yet witnessed. Beneath all these meth-
ods and appliances of administrations and con-
trols among men I believe there is under
our Very feet a heaving, unsteady ocean of
aroused questioning in which many modes now
practiced will sink to rise no more, and out of
which other adaptations will emerge that will
render far more perfect the reflection of the
will of the people; that will perhaps represent
minorities as well as majorities ; that will dis-
arm corruptions by dispensing with party or-
ganizations. It is the very witching hour of
change.
And, sir, I do not dread change. Why
should we? Is not change the primal condi-
tion on which all life is permitted to exist?
Change is the very essence of all things pure,
the sign and token of the divinity that is within
us, and conservatism perse is infidelity against
the ordination of God. When, therefore, we see
such change in all things that are around us, in
fashions and customs and laws and recognitions
and intellectualities, even to the suprcmest
generalizations of science, in all things save
the elemental principles of our being and by
consequence of our rights, why shall we say
that these forms into which we have cast ad-
ministration and government shall not obey
the great law of development and take upon
themselves ameliorations better suited to the
changing society of mankind, to the wants of
a more truthful representation, to the partici-
pation by all ill the Government that is over all.
Mr. President, I am of those who believe that
they will. When I look around on the incon-
gruities and corruptions that surround our pres-
ent system, when I see what politics and gov-
ernment and administration actually are, if I
believed there was to be no progress in that
direction I should be bereft of all hope and
desolate of faith. On the contrary, methinks
I can see adown the vista of the future the
golden apples hanging on the tree of promise.
It seems to me that the light of the morning is
already streaming in upon us that shall illu-
minate further advancements in the science of
government.
And why should not even republican govern-
ment take to itself other modes of administra-
tion without infraction of its fundamental liber-
ties? Why should not large reductions trans-
pire in those opportunities that invite the most
sinister combination for offices and spoils? Is
there any reason why the emoluments of place
should more than repay the labor it calls for?
Is there any reason why large abolitions of
executive patronage may not transpire; why
Government may not generate through exam-
ining commissioners, best agencies of its own
for the functional work it is called to perform,
leaving appeals to the community to pass rather
upon controlling measures and general policies
and legislative functionaries?
Is there any reason why that should not take
place ? Sir, already, if I mistake not, in the
large cities of this land, which are the local
points of your domestic political system, the
necessity for "such a change is being felt and
j acted upon, and large branches of executive
work and supervision are being necessarily put
in commission.
Mr. President, I think what I have said suf-
ficeutly shows that the argument which is ad-
vanced, that the present surroundings are such
t that woman could not properly participate in
, your elections, is an argument that does not go
to the right of the woman, but does go to the
wrong of the man. It is a criticism, perhaps
a satire upon the civilization of your political
system, not.a justification for any exclusions
practiced under it.
There is one other line of remark that has
been indulged in, and only one other so far as
I have heard, which calls for any special re-
