1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1517
they ask us to modify the exception. Here is
a case ot'disagreement between the two Houses.
A committee of conference is appointed. Must
we. according to the idea of the Senator from
Indiana, stand by the action of the Senate ? If
so, there is the end of the bill; there is the end
of all agreement. A committee of conference
is appointed for the purpose of enabling the
positions of the two Houses to be, if possible,
brought in harmony, and t'o present the ques-
tion again before each House with a view to a
compromise or an adjustment. Very rarely
on committees of conference does one House
abandon its position and the other House tri-
umph entirely: there is usually an adjustment
on a reasonable basis. In this case the com-
mittee of conference—I agreed to it, I confess,
with some reluctance—came to the conclusion
to qualify to some extent the power of removal
over a Cabinet minister. \\ e provide that a
Cabinet minister shall hold his office, not for a
fixed term, not until the Senate shall consent
to his removal, but as long as the power that
appoints him holds office. If the principal
office is vacated the Cabinet minister goes out j
The reason why the provision was made for his ]
continuance one month beyond that time was j
to enable the new President to arrange his
Cabinet. Perhaps one month is longer than
is necessary: but I take it that practically there
will be no difficulty, because when a new Pres-
ident comes in upon his suggestion the old
Cabinet will retire, and the field will then be
clear.
It seems to me, on the whole, that the adjust- ;
ment is a reasonable and fair one, no departure
from principle, but simply a modification of
the exception which the Senate deemed to be
wise.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, I took as much
interest perhaps in the discussion of this ques-
tion when it was before the Senate as any one
member, and it is therefore proper, perhaps,
that I should say now that I will vote to adopt
this report of the committee of conference,
though I do not like it. I liked the proposition
of the House of Representatives, and 1 wished
the Senate to agree to that, but the Senate
declined to do so. I am induced to agree to
this report, not because it secures any practi-
cal good beyond the mere assertion of a sound
constitutional principle. During the last ses-
sion of this CongreBs both Houses were vehe-
mently importuned to take from the President
of the United States this power of removal,
which it was said then, and has been repeated
again during the pendency of this bill, existed
in him by virtue of statutes and not by virtue
of the Constitution. Both Houses obstinately
refused to take the power away from him; and
I desire to say now, by way of reminder, to the
Senator from Ohio, that it was because of that
obstinate refusal to legislate at the last session,
instead of the present session, that these great
revolutionary upturnings to which he has
alluded have taken place in the country, and
that you have seen the whole revenue service
of the country demoralized.
When it seemed to be conceded by the
great majority in both Houses that that power
did vest in the President by reason of statutory
enactments and not by virtue of anything in
the Constitution, I asked the attention of the
Senate to the fact that his power over a Cab-
inet officer—I called him so because others
called him so, but it is a term not known to
the Constitution, and, so far as I know, not
known to law—was derived from precisely the
same source that his power over a postmaster
was, and when we s%w fit to take from him the
power to remove a postmaster I thought for
the same reason we should take from him the
power to remove any officer. Others thought
we had better make an exception of these
officers, and that opinion prevailed in the Sen-
ate. I regretted it profoundly. I regretted
then and I regret now to hear these declara-
tions that the President ought to have ample
plenary control over these Secretaries. I
insist upon it that the Constitution never
designed it; I insist upon it that whatever
statute confers it does a wrong to the public
i service; and I dissent for myself altogether to
the proposition submitted by the Senator from
Indiana, and which I understand the Senator
from Ohio substantially to agree to, that the
head of an executive Department who should
remain in office after receiving from the Pres-
ident the slightest intimation that his services
were not acceptable, would deserve to be ex-
Eelled from his office. I hold that when the
ead of an executive Department is placed
there by the joint action of the President and
the Senate, if he shall presume to leave that
post of public duty at the intimation or at the
command of the President, unless by statute
you clothe the President with the power to
issue such command, deserts the posts of duty
and is derelict to his duty or is amenable to
public censure, and he ought to be held up to
public censure. That is my judgment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on agreeing to the report of the com-
mittee of conference.
Mr. JOHNSON. On that question I ask
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
! Mr. HENDRICKS. Before the vote is taken
' I wish to say one additional word, which, I
think, I ought to say because of what has been
| said by the Senator from Ohio and the Senator
from Wisconsin. I think some questions of
' fact ought to be regarded as settled at some
time. A month ago I was not surprised that
Senators should speak about the entire official
| service of the country having been changed
| during the last year; but now, when the facts
' are known to the Senator from Ohio and the
i Senator from Wisconsin, I am surprised at the
general terms which they use.
Mr. SHERMAN. I spoke of the revenue
service.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Out of two thousand
four hundred and fifty presidential appoint-
ments I believe the present Chief Magistrate
has changed four hundred and forty; and the
Senator from Wisconsin speaks of that as a
revolution, and thinks he is justified upon the
facts in thus speaking of it. In regard to the
statement of the Senator from Ohio touching
the revenue Bervice, my observation is that
there has been no demoralization of that ser-
vice. The information I have upon the sub-
ject is that the gentlemen who have been ap-
pointed during the last year, in some instances
at least, have by their care and diligence added
largely to the revenue. I think I could name
two districts in the State of Indiana in which
that is the case, where, because of care and
diligence, thousands were added to the revenue
in each of those districts. I do not admit that
the persons who were appointed during the last
year were at all inferior in fidelity or capacity
as public officers to the men they succeeded.
Mr. SHERMAN. I said that the whole
internal revenue system was disturbed, the
whole machinery of a system that yields us
$311,000,000. I cannot now recall a single
collector or assessor in the State of Ofcio that
did not change his politics who was not re-
moved ; and so it was in the State so ably rep-
resented by the two Senators from Indiana,
because I have passed on a great many of these
nominations for assessor and collector.
Mr. HENDRICKS. You are mistaken as
to Indiana.
Mr. SHERMAN. I know it was the case
in Michigan, also, and generally throughout all
the western and middle States: nearly every
assessor and collector who did not conform to
a certain line of policy was removed. I think
it must have been so in Indiana to a great
extent.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I should think now,
without counting them, about half the officers
there were changed.
Mr. LANE. I should think a much larger
proportion than that. With the exception of the
tenth district, I do not know a single district
where either tlie assessor or collector has not
I been removed, and generally both. In the
my
tenth district I believe there have be on no re-
movals : that is Mr. McCulloch's district.
Mr. HENDRICKS. In the first, second,
and fourth districts but one officer has been
removed in each; so in the eighth; in the
tenth both remain. So I might go over the
list; but I will not go into that sort of exami-
nation. What I wanted to say in reply to the
Senator from Ohio was that there was no
demoralization of the service so far as
observation had extended.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will ask the Senator
if he knows of any assessor or collector who
has not been removed who openly supported
the policy of Congress. Did not those who
have been left in office silently acquiesce in or
support the policy of the President? Have
not all the assessors and collectors, bo far as
his knowledge extends, who openly advocated
and voted for the policy of Congress been re-
moved?
Mr. HENDRICKS. I dislike to speak in
the Senate upon a question that I do not have
personal knowledge about; I like to speak
rather accurately here. My opinion had been
that the gentlemen who were left in office in
the State of myself and my worthy colleague
who were not removed were supporters of Con-
gress, as it is called. I know nothing to the
contrary. I never heard of their taking any
ground in support of the President, at least
several of them. That has been my impression.
I do not have much information about tbem,
for, to tell the truth, I have not run that ques-
tion down with a great deal of zeal.
Mr. HOWE. Since we are posting accounts,
I think it proper to remark on the experienoe
of Wisconsin during the late recess of Congress.
There are six congressional districts in that
State. In the first district both the assessor
and collector were removed ; in the second
district both the collector and assessor were
removed; in the third district the assessor was
removed; the collector was not; in the fourth
district both the assessor and collector were
removed; in the fifth district both the assessor
and collector were removed; in the sixth dis-
trict only one of those officers was removed.
Out of twelve revenue officers ten have fallen.
Two yet live.
Mr. SHERMAN. What are their politics ?
Mr. HOWE. Extremely doubtful. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. McDOUGALL. It is about time to
inquire what was meant by the term '' President
of the United States." It was thought when
he was clothed with office that he should stand
as the Chief Executive, having the responsibili-
ties of the administration of the executive func-
tions in himself in the first place, and through
those whom he should appoint. It was thought
in the organization of this Republic that it was
necessary that there should be such a person to
make our institutions harmonious and to make
them effective. These are the first days when
it lias been undertaken to make him who is
constitutionally and by right the Chief Execu-
tive of the nation, a man shorn of authority, a
mere puppet, not even with the- authority of
the Queen of England, not with any authority,
except the privilege of the action of the day
and the right to live in the Executive Mansion.
This may be well if our institutions are to
be upturned from their foundations until there
shall be a perfect demolition of the past and
of the ideas of the past, and some of the wise
and able men, the large thinkers, the great
constructers of the day, shall build up for
us new institutions, better, nobler, deeper
founded, more broadly founded, and better
constructed than the foundations of 1787. Sir,
the pricje that aims at such attempts is a pride
that must have its fell, and fall it will.
It may be that Senators and Representatives
do not think that the present Executive is
exercising his legitimate and constitutional
power in the most discreet manner; and for
the temporary evil of the hour they propose
to strike at institutions, at systems, and over-
turn what was intended to be established as
law resting upon great principles. The Exec-
