1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
841
PREPARATORY TRAINING.
It may bo asked how are young persons to
become trained for the performance of the
duties of these public offices ? Let it. be known
that certain qualifications are required for ad-
mission into the service and there will be no
lack of schools to furnish the training. We
have already schools and branches of collegiate
education which furnish the teaching upon
most subjects where practical wants and scien-
tific knowledge meet each other. It is one of
the healthiest signs of these times that every
educational want is supplied almost as soon as
made known, and that our universities throw
wide their gates to all seekers of knowledge,
and make thorough search for and give due
rewards to those who can give the desired
instruction. In every other country where this
educational training has been regarded as pre-
liminary to employment in the public service
schools have sprung up and universities have
proposed to, furnish the required education,
and we do not admit that we are behind any
other nation in educationary skill. This sys-
tem, if adopted, will call into existence new
branches of study in those schools which endea-
vor to meet the wants of the times—I mean not
alone the study of the principles of our Con-
stitution, but of political science, the science
of government, which few have mastered, and
fewer still have presumed to teach, but which
the exigencies of our 'imes demand should be
reduced to its clemeni.; and expressed in the
"hand-book" for all who present themselves
for admission into the public service.
TIIE ADVANTAGE OF CONTINUED DISCIPLINE.
Not inferior to the advantages expected to
be derived from the proposed mode of admis-
sion into the service is that which will be due
to the subsequent discipline. The rules and
regulations under which each public servant
labors will be constantly before him ; the causes
for which he may be suspended or removed will
be impressed upon his memory ; the certainty
that no amount of personal or political influ-
ence can prevent charges being preferred
against him if he violates these rules, or re-
tain him in his place if he is found guilty of
their violation; and the assurance of reward
and promotion if he excels in the performance
of his duties, will tend to make him observ-
ant, exact, faithful, diligent, earnest, and labo-
rious. All these influences will create in the
civil service that great stimulant to success so
potent among companions in arms; that esprit
du corps, that enthusiastic endeavor for suc-
cess, which infuses a zeal into the career of
arms and enwrcaths it with the emblems of
honor, although the pathways to its renown
are more often the roads to death than to living
success. Who can calculate the dynamic force
of this power in the civil administration? We
know whatjit is in war and under the flag. Let
us utilize it and make it honorable in time of
peace and in aid of peace.
THE CHARACTER OP THE PROPOSED BOARD.
I am aware that during all the time I have
been explaining the provisions and scope of
this bill the question has presse'd itself upon
the mind of every listener, how do you propose
to secure the required degree of talent in these
commissioners who are to form the central
board and adjudicate upon the qualifications
of all candidates; and liow do you expect to
prevent their acting upon political considera-
tions in the selection of officers ? Arc you not
constituting imperium in imperio, which may
lead to abuses as great as those sought to be
remedied ?
• This commission should undoubtedly be in
good hands ; and if constituted we must rely
upon the President and the Senate in placing
it in such hands, in the first instance, and keep-
ing it there hereafter. There is a wide field
from which to select these commissioners. I
could name at least twenty fit and competent
persons who would enter upon these duties with
enthusiasm, and discharge them without re-
proach. I trust that the President and the
Senate know many more. The proposed com-
pensation is large enough to command the
services of the most accomplished educators,
men skilled in the arts of war and peace, and
none others ought to be admitted into these
offices. And no one need fear that the power
of appointment will be attempted to be taken
from heads of Departments and vested in these
commissioners, or that the board will become
a political instrument, under the provisions of
this bill. It gives them no political power or
authority whatever. They merely select a class
of persons from whom appointments are to be
made, and they have no power to determine
whether any incumbent of office should be re-
moved, except upon trial after chargcs regu-
larly preferred. They are, as before intimated,
merely the assay officers in this great mint of
mind and character, and they can have no in-
ducement to betray their high trust. I do not
fear the result of the mode of appointment
provided in the bill. We have no fault to find
with the appointees for similar commissions,
and I doubt not both President and Senate
will be desirous of procuring the services of
the best men.
EXPENSE OF THE COMMISSION.
Ijfor am I disturbed by the cost of the pro-
posed commission. The salaries may roach
§20,000, and the oxpenses as much more in
each year. A great portion, if not the whole,
of this sum will be paid by the fees required of
the applicants. But this sum is not equal to
what has been paid in each year for many years
for the expenses of investigating committees,
whose reports have indeed exposed great ras-
cality in the public service, but whose recom-
mendations have led to very few enactments of
positive law. If this commission can even ap-
proximately keep the rogues out of the public
service, it will save tenfold more than all its
expenses, and even more than all the proposed
increase of salaries. In place of investigations
which lead to nothing we shall have reports of
the actual working of our reformed system in
all its parts and details, with such recommend-
ations as the officers who execute it may sug-
gest for its improvement. The element, of
arbitrary power does not enter into the system.
And by improving the quality and character of
the public servants it is expected that the re-
trenchment and expense will be at least one
third and probably one half of what is now
paid, with a gain of fifty percent, in efficiency.
If our civil servants are appointed from their
"official aptitude," as shown by their test ex-
aminations, and not from political or personal
favor, it is safe to say that the Government
will save all it now has to pay, or submit to be
plundered for, by means of arrangements which
hereafter could have no existence.
Thus, while this proposed system will stimu-
late education and bring the best attainable
talent into the public service, it will place that
service above all considerations of locality,
favoritism, patronage, or party, and will give
it permanence and the character of nationality
as distinct from its present qualities of inse-
curity and of centralized power. A career will
be opened to all who wish to serve the Repub-
lic; and although its range is limited, yet suc-
cess in it will be an admitted qualification for
that higher and more laborious and uncertain
competition before the people, if any one should
be tempted to enter upon it. The nation
will be better served; the Government will be
more stable and better administered; prop-
erty will be more secure; personal rights more
sacred; and the Republic more respected and
powerful. The great experiment of self-gov-
ernment, which our fathers initiated will have
another of its alien elements of discord re-
j moved from it, and in its administration, in
peace as well as in war, will have become a
grand success.
Mr. Speaker, I am also instructed by the
committee to present a report on this subject,
which I ask may be laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER. That will be done unless
objection be made.
There was no objection.
Mr. HALE. I desire to ask my colleague
on the joint committee whether he wishes to
bring this bill to a vote to-day. I wish to sug-
gest that its consideration be postponed tfll
after the morning hour, so that we may have
at once the regular morning hour.
The SPEAKER,. That motion would be in
order.
Mr. JENCKES. I am willing to yield for
that motion.
Mr. HALE. Is it the desire of the s
man to bring the bill to a vote to-day?
Mr. JENCKES. As soon as practicable—
perhaps not to-day.
Mr. HALE. I move that the further con-
sideration of the bill be postponed till after tlie
morning hour.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. If I had obtained
the floor just now I desired to move the post-
ponement of this bill for a longer time.
The SPEAKER. When the bill is reached
that motion will be in order.
sarah a. graham.
Mr. HILL, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill for the relief of Sarah A. Graham j
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
reconstruction committee.
The SPEAKER announced the appointment
of Mr. Parnsworth to fill the vacancy on the
joint Committee on Reconstruction occasioned
by the leave of absence granted to Mr. Wash-
btirne, of Illinois, for the remainder of the
session.
order op business.
The SPEAKER announced as the first busi-
ness in order during the morning hour the call
of committees for reports, beginning with the
Committee on Agriculture.
department of agriculture.
Mr. B1DWELL. • Mr. Speaker, there was
referred to the Committee on Agriculture the
bill introduced by the gentleman from Minne-
sota [Mr. Donnelly] to reorganize the De-
partment of Agriculture. I am under the
necessity of stating to the House that the com-
mittee are not ready to report upon that bill;
and for this reason I desire to ask that they
may be allowed another morning hour at a
later period. This is an important bill; and
as chairman of the committee I desire to use
every proper effort to have the committee con-
sider the bill, so that we may report it to the
House for its action. I am under a pledge to
the House—I am under what I consider a
responsibility in the discharge of my duty as a
member of this House as well as a member of
the Committee on Agriculture—to do what lies
in my power to place the Department of Agri-
culture upon a footing that shall be commen-
surate with the wants of our country. I there-
fore ask that the Committee on Agriculture be
allowed another morning hour in which to
report on this subject.
Mr. STEVENS and others objected.
Mr. B1DWELL. Then I will state to the
House, as an individual member of Congress,
I will at an early day endeavor to bring before
the House a bill to reorganize that Depart-
ment. i will also state, in order to bring the
matter before the House and country, that I
have prepared a bill for that purpose ; and I
am willing it shall go upon the Journal of the
House, so that members may see what it is
proposed to do.
The bill proposed to be offered was, by
unanimous consent, ordered to be printed.
purchase of seeds, etc.
Mr. HITTER, from the Committee on Agri-
culture, reported a bill to regulate the purchase
and distribution of seeds, &c., by the Commis-
sioner of Agriculture; which was read the first
and second time.
The bill provides that the Commissioner shall
be instructed and directed to purchase for dis-
tribution only such seeds, plants, and llowers
as a-i'C not common in the United States ; and
