78
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 12,
joinder, and that affirms the precedents of the
past to be all against any such proposition as
that now submitted. It is said that there is no
precedent, that is not customary in any of our
Governments, that it is not one of the recog-
nitions of our society, that ifhas never been sig-
nified as such in the past. I do not know that,
such an argument amounts to anything at best,
but I do know that the allegation itself has no
foundation in fact. I know that in many cases
and on many occasions this impassable barrier
that is now set forth as dividing the natural
rights of man and woman has been broken
down and trampled upon, and that, too, without
any injury to the society from so doing. Per-
haps I can best illustrate this point by what an
accomplished lady, who has given much thought
and research to the subject, has presented. I
read from a contribution she has made to one
of our leading public prints. She says:
" So long as political power was of an absolute and
hereditary character women shared it whenever
they happened, by birth, to hold the position to
which it was attached. In Hungary, in some of the
German States, and in the Fiench Provinces to this
day, certain woman, holding an inherited right.,
confer the franchise upon their husbands, and in
widowhood empower some relative or accredited
agent to be the legislative protector of their property.
In 1858, the authorities of the old university town
of Upsal granted the right of suffrage to fifty women
owning real estate, and to thirty-one doing business
on their own account. The representative that their
votes elected was to sit in the House of Burgesses.
In Scotland, it is less than a century since, for
election purposes, parties were unblushmgly married
in cases were women conveyed a political franchise,
and parted after the election. In Ireland, the court
of Queen's Bench, Dublin, restored to women, in
January, 1801, the old right of voting for town com-
missioners. The Justice, Fitzgerald, desired tostate
that ladies were also entitled to sit as town commis-
sioners, as well as to vote for them, and the chief
justice took pains to make it clear that there was
nothing in the act of voting repugnant to their habits.
"In November, 1864, the Government of Moravia
decided that all women who were tax-payers had
the right to vote. In the Government of Pitcairn's
Island, women over sixteen have votedever since its
settlement. In Canada, in lS-'jO, a distinct electoral
privilege was conferred on women, in the hope that
thereby the Protestant might balance the Roman
Catholic power in the school system. I lived where
I saw this right exercised by female property hold-
ers for four years. I never heard the mostcultivated
man, not even that noble gentleman, the late Lord
Elgin, object to its results. In New Jersey, the con-
stitution adopted in 1776 gave the right of suffrage
to all inhabitants, of either sex, who possessed fifty
dollars in proclamation money. In 1790, to make it
clearer, the Assembly inserted the words, 'he or
she/ • Women voted there till 1838, when the votes
of some colored women having decided an election
the prejudice against the negro came to the aid of
lordly supremacy, and an act was passed limiting
the right of suffrage to 'free white male citizens.'
In 1852 tho Kentucky Legislature conferred the right
on widows with children in matters relating to the
school system. The same right was conferred in
Michigan; and full suffrage was given to women in
the State constitution submitted to Kansas in 1860."
I think that is a list of illustrations sufficient
to dispose of any argument that may arise on
such a score.
And now, Mr. President, permit me to say
in concluding the remarks I have felt called
upon to make here, that I have spoken rather
as indicating my assent to the principle than
as expecting any present practical results from
the motion in question. In tEe earliest part
of my political life, when first called upon to
represent a constituency in the General Assem-
bly of Missouri, in looking around after my
arrival at the seat of Government at those
matters that seemed to me of most importance
in legislation, I was struck with two great
classes of injustices, two great departments in
which it seemed to me the laws and the con-
stitutions of my State had done signal wrong.
Those were, one as respects the rights of col-
ored persons; tho other as respects the rights
of married women, minors, and females; and
I there and then determined that whenever
and wherever it should be in my power to aid
in relieving them of those inequalities and
those injustices I would do so to the extent of
my humble ability. Since then I have labored
zealously in those two reforms as far and as
fast as a public opinion could be created or
elicited to enforce them, and I can say from
my own observation that each step of advance
taken has been fruitful of ail good and pro-
ductive of no evil.
Emancipation of the colored race in Missouri
has been achieved in a most thorough manner,
substantially achieved even before the war;
and to-day the community is ripe for the dec-
laration that all are created equal, and that
there is no reason to exclude from any right,
civil or political, on the ground of race or
color. I feel proud to say likewise that Mis-
souri has gone further, and wiped from her
statute-book large portions of that unjust and
unfair and illiberal legislation which had been
leveled at the rights and the property of the
women of the State. Believing that that cause
which embraces and embodies the cause of
civil liberty will go forward still triumphing
and to triumph, I will never, so help me God,
cast any vote that may be construed as throw-
ing myself in the face of that progress. Even
though I recognize, therefore, the impolicy of
coupling these two measures in this manner
and at this time, I shall yet record my vote in
the affirmative as an earnest indication of my
belief in the principle and my faith in the
future.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I expressed
my opinions in relation to the pending measure
at considerable length during the last session
of Congress. It is my purpose now to repeat
my protest against the passage of the bill,
but in fewer words than I then used. I know
it is destined, as far as human intellect and
human will can destine anything, that this
measure is to pass and to become a law.- I do
not at all agree with the position that has been
arrogantly assumed by the Radicals on this
floor, and that has been acceded to by some of
the Conservatives, that the public judgment of
this nation has been expressed in favor of negro
suffrage. And if it had been by any amount
of majority, entertaining the deep convictions
that 1 do of the injustice and evil tendencies
of the measure, 1 would not hesitate a moment
to make my earnest and most inflexible opposi-
tion to it.
Preliminary to my remarks in immediate
connection with the pending bill, I will state
some political propositions which a few years
since were received in this country generally
as axioms in the science of government and
statesmanship. No statesman or sound and
sensible legislator will support any measure or
principle when in the majority that he would
not if in the minority. The legitimate end of
a limited and constitutional Government is
more for the security of the minority than the
majority, because of the greater weakness of
the minority. The leading feature of govern-
ment on the North American continent has
always been the representative principle. But
suffrage has never been universal or even com-
mensurate with manhood. The right to exer-
cise it has not only been limited to men, but it
has ever been restricted to particular classes:
and the States have jealously reserved to them-
selves, respectively, all power over this whole
subject.
Another general American principle is that
every people have the right to govern them-
selves. This invaluable right, in its fullest
amplitude, belonged to each State before its
adoption of the Constitution, and so far as it
was not delegated by the language of that fun-
damental and supreme law to the General
Government, the States, both by necessary
implication and express language, withheld all
political sovereignty and powers from the
United States, and retained the entire mass to
themselves respectively and separately.
To this last great principle the Constitution
makes a single exceptional case by this lan-
guage :
"The Congress shall have power to exercise ex-
clusive legislation in all eases whatsoever, over such
District (not exceeding ten miles square) as may, by
cession of particular States, and the acceptance of
Congress, become tho seat of the Government of the
United States, and to excrcise like authority overall
places purchased by the consent of the Legislature
of the State in which the same shall be, for the erec-
tion of forts, magazines, arsenals, dock-yards, and
other needful buildings."
What was the reason that brought the men
who formed our Government, to establish this
exceptional case to the cardinal American prin-
ciple of self-government ? Every previous seat
of the United States Government had been
under the exclusive jurisdiction of the State in
which it was situated, and Congress could exer-
cise no power of legislation or police over it.
A mob had more than onee disturbed and men-
aced Congress to coerce and control its action,
and it had no power of self-protection : and it
was to secure the men who might be in the
administration of the Government^at its seat,
the personnel of the Government, against such
assaults, that this provision of the Constitution
was made a part of it. The intention was not
that Congress should wholly absorb and inex-
orably exclude the people Qf the District from
all the powers of self-government. It was con-
templated that Congress would be composed
of just and enlightened men who would know
that the people of the District, by their own
chosen representatives, would be much more
competent to attend to their own domestic
affairs and interests than a Congress coming
from every State and charged with the various
and vast concerns of the nation could possibly
be ; and it was reasonably concluded that Con-
gress would at all times concede to this people
every power of self-government but such as
might be -necessary and proper for the protec-
tion of the Governmentand the persons engaged
in its administration at its seat.
It was difficult, if not impossible, for a just,
and wise partition of powers between Congress
and the people of this District to be made in
the Constitution, because tho amount that Con-
gress could wisely and justly exercise would
depend upon varying conditions and exigencies,
and could not therefore be ascertained and fixed.
Congress has always somewhat approximated
the principle which I have laid down for the
government of this District, but has never, as
it should have done, acted singly upon it.
Limited local legislative powers and local pop-
ular elections to choose the legislators have
always been awarded to this District from
shortly after the time it became the seat of the
Government of the United States, by Congress;
and also, the cognate right that the people of
the District should for themselves decide what
classes and portions of themselves should have
suffrage and what should be their qualifica-
tions. There had always been a conjunction
of these two rights in the people of the United
States. This was a great feature, not only of
State sovereignty, but of popular liberty, and
it was in deference to this universal xVmeriean
idea that Congress surrendered to the people
of this District the conjoint exercise of these
two rights. In the long possession of this
restricted right of government which had been
allowed by Congress to this people, they tacitly
adopted and have quietly but firmly adhered
to another American idea which may be said
to have been until recently universal in the
United States: that all political sovereignty
and powers belong to the white man and are
to be exercised by him exclusively.
But a systematic assault is being made upon
these fundamental principles of American
autonomy and liberty, and the bill under
consideration is one of the attacks. It
unjustly and mischievously violates all the prin-
ciples which I have stated. More, it proposes,
by conferring suffrage upon the negro popula-
tion, to introduce into the government of this
District a novel, incompetent, and noxious
element of power. In a representative G overn-
ment suffrage is the primary power, and when
enlightened, free, independent, and virtuous
it dominates, as it should, the Government.
The abstract proposition, that no incompetent
person should be invested with the right of
suffrage, cannot reasonably be denied. If it
were practicable to establish a definite and
unerring test of competency, the general good
would require that all who do not come up to
that measure should be excluded.
Such a standard can never be obtained. The
population of the United States and of each
State consists of well-defined classes, and if
the great mass of any of those classes are e«-
