1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. LAFLIN. I am nearly convinced that
if the gentleman from Pennsylvania understood
the amount of work that is before the Com-
mittee on Printing he would not interpose an
objection of this character at this time. If'the
Committee on Printing had availed itself of the
privilege which was conceded to many commit-
tees of this House it would have had a clerk
during the last session ; and it is because that
committee has been endeavoring to prosecute
its work without a clerk, and because it is now
so overwhelmed with business that it is per-
fectly impossible for it to transact that busi-
ness without some outside assistance that it
asks the House to allow it this clerk.
In this connection I desire to call the atten-
tion of the House to the fact that the House
has passed a resolution requiring the Commit-
tee oil Printing to inquire into all contracts
connected with the furnishing of paper to the
Government, and although I do not desire to
claim for the committee any special credit, I
may say in their behalf that the examinations
they have made for themselves, without the
assistance of any clerk, required a long and
tedious _ investigation, and have resulted ill a
conclusion which will save the Government at
least $40,000, by providing for a reduction of
the weight of the paper upon which the public
documents are to be printed.
There are subjects which require much care
and attention, and I do not. deem it very im-
modest when a committee so burdened ask,
even at this late hour of the session, for the
services of a clerk.
Again, gentlemen of the House will remem-
ber that they have referred to us numerous
resolutions touching the publication of the
Congressional Globe. No committee can report
to the House on such a subject without care-
fully deciding what they propose to do. If it
cannot be demonstrated to the House that it
will be for the interest of the Government of
the United States to discontinue their reports
we do not propose so to report. But if it shall
be found by the committee that such a course
will be for the inteiest of the Government, we
want the facts upon which we base our opinion
to be recorded so that the House may act intel-
ligent thcieon.
Again.it has already been proposed to reor-
ganize the whole printing department, involv-
ing a thorough and radical change in the
administration of that department; and 1 sub-
mil to anv gentleman connected with any com-
mittee if it would be in the power of any com-
mittee to give such careful and considerate
examination to such subjects without aid?
Again, yesterday the chairman of the Com-
mittee oti the Judiciary had referred to the
Committee on Printing a bill which will require
them to make an examination into the manner
in which the laws, treaties, and proclamations
made and issued since the year 18U1 are to
be published in the States lately in rebellion,
a subject which will require much investigation.
I might go on and mention instance alter in-
stance, but 1 believe I have already said enough
to convince the House that the Committee on
Printing is entitled to a clerk.
Mr. CONK LING. How long do you want
your clerk?
.dr. LAFLIN. For this session: and I may
say further, lest some gentleman may suppose
that this resolution is introduced in the interest
of some member of the committee, that we have
no person in view for the position, and that if
the resolution pass, we shall have to seek a
man to fill it. 1 now move the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered: and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was agreed to.
Mr._ LAFLIN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was passed ; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. LAFLIN also moved to reconsider the
votes by which the various resolutions reported
by him from the Committee on Printing were
845
agreed to; and also moved to lay the motion
to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
advertising in the national republican.
Mr. UPSON, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following* resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Committee on Printing be re-
quested to inquire, and report under what law the
advertisement for proposals for paper for the public
printing is published in the national Republican of
this city.
Mr. UPSON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
printing the ab3iy register.
Mr. ANCONA, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which went
to the Committee on Printing under the law.
namely :
Resolved, That there bo. printed for tlio use of the
House two thousand copies each of the Army Regis-
ters for the years 1sc6 and 1867.
indian depredations in oregon—-again.
On motion of Mr. WINDOM, by unanimous
consent, House bill No. 1023, to indemnify the
citizens of the Territory of Washington and
State ot Oregon for property destroved by
Indians in the years 1855 and 1850, which was
reported upon adversely this morning by the
Committee on Indian xVffairs, was taken from
the table, and recommitted to the Committee
on Indian Affairs.
appropriation rills.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the rules be
suspended and the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union for the purpose of considering the appro-
priation bills.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Pomeroy in the chair.)
pension appropriation bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The first business in
order is the House bill No. 'J03, making appro-
priations for the payment of invalid and other
pensions of the United States for the year end-
ing June 30, 18f>8.
On motion ot Mr. STEVENS, the first read-
ing of the bill was dispensed with by unanimous
consent.
The Clerk then proceeded to read the bill for
amendments.
The bill appropriates for the payment of
pensions for the year ending the 30th of June,
1808, as follows:
For invalid pensions under various acts,
$10,000,000.
For pensions of widows, children, mothers
and sisters of soldiers, under various acts, and
for compensation to pension agents and ex-
penses of agencies. $23,000,000.
For Navy pensions to widows, children,
mothers and. sisters, as provided by various
acts, and to be paid from the Navy pension
fund, $280,000.
No amendment being offered, the bill was
laid aside to be reported to the House.
consular, etc., appropriation bill. •
The CHAIRMAN. The next bill in order
is House bill No. 904 making appropriations
for the consular and diplomatic expenses of
the Government for the year ending June 30,
1808, and for other purposes.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask unanimous consent
that the first reading of this bill be dispensed
with.
Mr. SLOAN. I object.
The. bill was then read at length.
The Clerk then proceeded to read the bill by
clauses for amendment.
The following clause was read:
For salaries of envoys extraordinary, ministers,
and commissioners of the United States at Groat
Britain, France, Russia, Prussia, Spain. Austria,
Brazil, Republic of Mexico, China, Italy, Chili, Peru,
Switzerland, Rome, Belgium, Holland, Denmark,
Sweden, turkey, IN ew Grenada, Bolivia, .Ecuador,
Venezuela,Guatemala,Hicarasua, Sandwich Islands.
Losta Kica, ilonauras. Argentine Confederation
Paraguay, and Salvador, 4.301,GOO.
Mr. NIBLACK. I move to amend this
clause by inserting the word "Portugal"- after
the word "Brazil-, ' and also by increasing
the gross amount appropriated by this clause
by the addition of $7,500.
Mr. Chairman, I understand, from an exam-
ination of all the records to which I have had
aecess, and by inquiry at the State Depart-
ment, that we still have a minister resident
near the Government of Portugal. And on
further inquiry I understand that the salary of
that minister is $7,500 a year. It seems that
from some cause (I do not profess to be famil-
iar with all the reasons) at the last session of
Congress the appropriation for the payment
of the salary of that minister was omitted. I
learn that the minister now residing near the
Government of Portugal was appointed on the
28th day of March, 18UI, by Mr. Lincoln ; his
nomination was confirmed by the Senate, and
he is still in commission as the present minis-
i ter of this Government to that country.
I I take it, therefore, that the reasons for
withholding-the appropriation to pay his salary
as minister must be very urgent indeed, or the
Congress of the United States will not longer
be induced to pursue that course. I certainly
have heard of 110 good reasons for thus refusing
to pay this man Lis salary. I confess that I
regarded the withholding of his salary at the
last session as very extraordinary legislation on
the part of Congress. I do not say that it was
unjustifiable legislation, because I do not pre-
tend, as I before remarked, to know all the rea-
sons which induced it. But it is a precedent
which i think we should be very reluctant to
set in matters of this kind. Matters pertaining
to the diplomatic affairs of the country are
committed to the Executive. Many of the
duties pertaining to this branch of the public
service are kept from the public view—are what
are commonly known as state secrets. Many
things occur in that branch of the public service
which are not deemed fit matters for publica-
tion. When we call for information from the
Department, of State we usually make the call
through the President, with the reservation
that he shall communicate the information
asked only in case he shall consider it not
incompatible with the public interest to do so.
Very great discretion, therefore, is intrusted to
the President-in the management of the foreign
affairs of this country. And I think we should
not attempt to abridge that discretion, except,
for weighty and sufficient reasons, well known
to ourselves and to the countiy.
It is with a view, therefore, of ascertaining
why the salary is withheld from our minister
to Portugal that I have moved this amend-
ment. ! am quite sure the House ought to
adopt the amendment, unless some good rea-
sons can be urged to the contrary.
I now yield to the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Stevexs] the chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations, for any expla-
nation lie mav desire to make.
Mr. STEVENS. I shall very willingly give
the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Niblack]
the reasons why the appropriation to which he
refers has beefi left out of this bill. 11 was left
out of the appropriation bill sf last year and
an express enactment was made that no further
payment of salary should be made to that min-
ister. I am sorry to bear the gentleman say
that that minister still continues there in de-
fiance of Congress. The reason the appro-
priation was omitted last year was that there
had appeared i;i the New york papers a very
long letter from Mr. Harvey to the Secretary
of State, in which, among other things, after a
fulsome eulogy of the President, to which I
did not object because I thought it very be-
coming, be indulged in a most foul and vulgar
abuse of Congress.
I am sorry that the letter is not here now
to bo read. It was published in the C lobe of
the last session. In that letter Mr. Harvey
