82
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 12,
lowers in their desperation are resorting to
ridicule, to calumny, and to murder in imita-
tion of his example. How often has the
melancholy spectacle been exhibited of men
who having been elevated to prominence, to
favor, and to power, while advocating liberty
and justice in the interests of the great mass
of people fighting nobly in their behalf, in
opposition to a class, have stultified them-
selves by advocating doctrines the very oppo-
site of those that had absorbed their lives; and
the price thereof is favor, admittance into the
charmed circle, bearing upon their breasts
marks of distinction, the real badges of their
own degradation, How often in the world's
history have we witnessed the people wildly
sustaining the power of the king, strengthen-
ing and cementing that power by 'their blood
. and treasure in conquests which have been
made the means of theirmore perfect subjuga-
tion.
This, it is true, may be temporary; for as the
world progresses and men are imbued with free
principles they will not submit; for independ-
ent men will not permit a class to be the fount-
ain of honor, emoluments, culture, and educa-
tion. These, with morality and virtue, belong
to all the people ; for when otherwise, the in-
heritance of the people has always been pov-
erty, ignorance, and degradation.
None are now so blind as not to know that
in protecting and saving southern institutions,
and maintaining southern ideas, the people at
the South are kept in poverty, vice, and degra-
dation in order that a class may be elevated
to power and prosperity. The northern idea
in contradistinction acknowledges and main-
tains that the fountains of honor, of power, of
prosperity emanates from the people. How-
ever imperfect may be their administration,
the people axe in a greater degree prosperous.
However ignorant or vicious or poor; how-
ever led astray for the moment from their true
welfare by the mental and material power of
the world in the interest of class, and which is
constant and ever on the alert to cheat them
into measures for their restrictions and subju-
gation ; I say however all this may be, the
end is that the great mass of the people are
more intelligent, more independent, more pros-
perous, and more virtuous under their own
rule than under the wisest and best rule of the
wisest and best,rulers.
I say that the American President is to-day
leading a class, and in tlie interest of a class,
in opposition to the privileges and highest wel-
fare of the great mass of the people. He gives
us nearly one half of his message in advocacy
of the doctrine of his class. Why will he not
give us a word in sustaining the true elements
of our Government—justice, liberty, equal
rights, and protection to life and property
among the people? Is our only foundation
that of amity, good-fellowship, and friendfy
feeling between the people of the two sections ?
Does he not know that these have no perma-
nent existence among the most friendly? Tem-
per, interest, and other causes are constantly
breaking in upon this condition; and will he
advocate that therefore society is chaos and
has no settled permanent formation and exist-
ence ? Is our Government so weak, is it re-
duced to this, a Government established upon
* and which can only be sustained by feeling?
Equal rights, equal political privileges, the
elevation of the lowest through the elements
of religious training and educational culture
in contributing to the greatest mutual prosper-
ity of all the people, are these nothing? Do
they not give strength to a Government, and
will not these give strength to conquer hate,
ignorance, and a blind " rule or ruin" policy?
Something else besides good-fellowship sus-
tains the principles of a free Government. This
is the doctrine of kings and their followers.
Oil will mingle freely with water before the
ideas advocated in southern interests will min-
gle with the principles advocated in the inter-
ests of free Governments and free peoples.
Fire and water will, when united, promote
and strengthen the qualities of each before the
society of the North, maintained upon its prin-
ciples, will mingle with the society of the South
maintained upon its principles; and just in
that proportion will the two systems strengthen
equally if the contest is maintained. We may
as well come to this conclusion first as last;
we shall come to it in the end; the two ideas
will not prosper together, never. Which, then,
shall prevail ? Shall the people rule this coun-
try, or shall the king and his followers? In
answer, what say the three hundred thousand
dead soldiers and the three hundred thousand
wounded and maimed men who sacrificed them-
selves in the cause of liberty, progress, and
free government? What say their friends?
Beaten in the contest of arms, another con-
test, that of the forum, that which desperation
only brings forward, is now presented. Ridicule,
calumny, and murder are the arguments used
here and elsewhere in support of a contest thus
transferred. Which then will succeed ? God in
heaven determines, for if there is a God right
will triumph over wrong. If in this Senate
some of these elements are used, why may they
not in double power be used elsewhere ? Be-
cause in defense of human rights we have
determined to use the colored man for his
progress and for the progress of the race, for
the education, culture, and prosperity of the
white people as_ well as black, are we deter-
mined to use him, and for this we are con-
demned for making him an instrument therefor.
Slavery and the colored man could be made the
most powerful element of hostility in the
advocacy of class interests; not to promote
equal justice, equal political privileges for the
people. Who then are the people? Are there
not eight million of whites in the South? Have
they not rights? Shouldnot justice be meted out
to them ? Why advocate liberty tor one and
withhold it from the other ? Let tho revolution
answer. Schooled by the charm of slavery into
a hate for liberal institutions, corrupted and
bribed into abject submission to the haughty
class that had monopolized all power and all
emoluments, following blindly these teachings
imbibed from their mothers milk, advocates of
their own slavery and degradation they en-
gaged in rebellion. Are such safe elements to
be introduced into the political and social sys-
tem of a free people ? God forbid.
I speak my own convictions. I am not the
exponent of a party nor of one man. These
are the honest convictions of my heart, and
life, reputation, and property are pledged to
sustain them. These are hurried thoughts,
thrown together after listening to the debate
of the past two days. I know the Senate is
impatient for a vote. I know they are deter-
mined to vote favorably. When it is necessary
that women shall vote for the support of liberty
and equality I shall be ready to cast my vote
in their favor. The black man's vote is neces-
sary to this at this time.
Mistaken in their plans, the southern leader
has amid slavery created a power for his own
overthrow, Fearing no evil from his slave,
using him to crush all that is manly in labor,
all that is virtuous, all that education and cult-
ure can bring to any people; using him to
crush this out among the gfeat mass of white
people at the South, corrupting them, and
obtaining their advocacy of their damnable
doctrines, they took another step, and would
have made the same use of him to make the
great mass of white people at the North simi-
lar in condition to the great mass of white
people at the South. Here they failed. In-
stead, in the contest of arms, it being an ele-
ment of strength, it has been weakness.
Who will believe it, and yet 110 one can con-
trovert it successfully, that the colored masses
are far in advance in intelligence, in an apti-
tude for imbibing all the liberal sentiments of
the white masses at the North, than are the
white masses of the South? One is dangerous
to the great interests of the human race; one
is an element of strength to those interests.
What then is the duty of legislators? What is
the highest interest of the people they repre-
sent? To fashion a government for the South
which will leave out the destructive tendencies
and teachings of the mass of the white popula-
tion or neutralize them by an introduction of
an element of liberty, justice, equality, and in
half a generation, though beginning in hate and
menace, you will witness peace and concord.
That liberty and progress are now jeopardized
quite as much, if not more, than when Lee with
his murderous engines was in Pennsylvania, I
verily believe. I feel a security, however, for
the future, because I have confidence in the
success of liberal principles over class interests.
I do not want to call upon a free people for
unnecessary sacrifices for these great principles.
By a policy of conciliation in the war, hun-
dreds, thousands of men and billions of money
were unnecessarily sacrificed. Let us have
confidence in the people. Let us stand firmly
upon the platform of Government founded
upon the will and wishes of the governed. Let
us never consent for one moment that the class
who are safe and true to us shall be counted
out in the formation of government for the
South.
Do not in addition to this prostrate all the
industrial interests of the North by-a policy of
conciliation and of inaction. Delays are danger-
ous, criminal. When you shall have established
firmly and fearlessly governments at the South
friendly to the Republic; when you shall have
ceased from-receiving terms and propositions
from the leaders of the rebellion as to their
reconstruction; when you shall have promptly
acted in the interest of liberty, prosperity will
light upon the industries of your people, and
panics, commercial and mercantile revolutions,
will be placed afar off; and never, sir, until that
time shall have arrived. And as an humble
advocate of all industrial interests of the free
people of the North, white and black, and as
an humble representative of these interests, I
urge prompt action to-day, to-morrow, and
every day until the work has been completed.
Let no obstacle stand in the way now, no mat-
ter what it may be. You will save your people
from poverty and free principles from a more
desperate combat than they have yet witnessed.
Ridicule may be used in this Chamber, calumny
may prevail through the country, and murder
may be a common occurrence South to those
who stand firmly thus and who advocate such
measures. Let it be so, for greater will be the
crowning glory of those who are not found
wanting in the day of victory. Let ns, then,
press to the vote; one glorious step taken, then
we may take others in the same direction.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I desire to say before
the vote is taken on this amendment that I shall
vote in favor of it because of the particular
position which it occupies. A vote given for this
amendment is not a final one. I understand it
to pronounce an opinion upon the two propo-
sitions which have been undergoing considera-
tion in the Senate, in a comparative manner,
if I may use the expression. In voting for this
proposition I affirm simply that the principles
and the reasoning upon which the bill itself, as
reported by the committee, is based, would
apply with equal, if not increased force, to the
particular proposition contained in the amend-
ment. If that be affirmed, then recurs the
question whether it is proper, whether it is ex-
pedient at this time to increase, and very exten-
sively increase, suffrage in this country. I do
not understand that the general argument on
that question is involved in thepresent motion.
I do not understand that it comes up of neces-
sity in considering the proposition covered by
the amendment of my colleague which stands
simply in contrast with that contained in the bill.
I presume there are several gentlemen, mem-
bers of this body, who will vote with reference
to this consideration and who will reserve their
opinion, eitheropenly orintheirown conscious-
ness, upon the general or indirect question of
the extension of suffrage to the females of the
United States.
But the occasion invites some remarks
beyond the mere statement of this point. The
debates which have been going on for three
days in this Chamber will go out to the country.
