1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
S3
They will constitute an element in the popular
discussions of the times and awaken a large
amountpf public attention. This is not the
last we shall hear of this subject.' It will come
to us again; and I am persuaded that one
reason why it will come again is that the argu-
ments against the proposed extension of
suffrage have not been sufficient; they have
been inadequate ] they have been placed upon
grounds which will not endure debate. Those
who are in favor of the extension of suffrage
to females cdn answer what has been said in
this Chamber, and they can answer it triumph-
antly ; and you will eventually be obliged to
take other grounds than those which have been
here stated. Prom the beginning of this debate
there 4ias been either an open or an implied
concession of the principle upon which the
extension of suffrage is asked; and that is,
that there is some natural right or propriety in
extending it further than it was extended by
those who formed our State and Federal Con-
stitutions ; that there is some principle of right
or of propriety involved which now appeals
powerfully to us in favor of extended and lib-
eral action in behalf of those large classes who
have been hitherto disfranchised; upon whom
the right of suffrage has not been heretofore
conferred.
Having made this concession upon the fun-
damental ground of the inquiry, or at all events
intimated it, the opponents of an extended
franchise pass on to particular arguments of
inconvenience or inexpediency as constituting
the grounds of their opposition.
Now, sir, I venture to say that those who
resist the extension of suffrage in this country
will be unsuccessful in their opposition; they
will be overborne, unless they assume grounds
of a more commanding character than those
which they have here maintained. This sub-
ject of the extension of suffrage must be put
upon practical grounds and extricated from
the sophisms of theoretical reasoning. Gen-
tlemen must get out of the domain of theory.
They must come back again to those principles
of action upon which our fathers proceeded in
framing our constitutional system. They lodged
suffrage in this country simply in those whom
they thought most worthy and most fit to ex-
ercise it. They did not proceed upon those
humanitarian theories which have since ob-
tained and which now seem to have taken a
considerable hold on the public mind. They
were practical men, and acted with reference
to the history and experience of mankind.
They were not metaphysicians; they were not
reformers in the modern sense of the term;
they were men who based their political action
upon the experience of mankind and upon
those practical reflections with reference to
men and things in which they had indulged in
acfive life. They placed suffrage then upon the
broad common-sense principle that it should
be lodged in and exercised by those who could
use it most wisely and most safely and most
efficiently to serve the great ends for which
Government was instituted. They had no other
ground than this, and their work shows that
they proceeded upon it, aud not upon any
abstract or transcendental notion of human
rights which ignored the existing facts of social
lite.
Now, sir, the objection which I have to a
large extension of suffrage in this country,
whether by Federal or State power, is this:
that thereby you will corrupt and degrade
elections, and probably lead to their complete
abrogation hereafter. By pouring into the
ballot-boxes of the country a large mass of
ignorant votes, and votes subjected to pecuni-
ary or social influence, you will corrupt and
degrade your elections and lay the foundation
for their ultimate destruction. That is a con-
viction of mine, and it is upon that ground
that I resist both negro suffrage and female
suffrage and any other proposed form of suf-
frage which takes humanity in an unduly broad
or enlarged sense as the foundation of an
arrangement of political power.
Mr. President, 1 proposed before the debate
concluded, before this subject should be sub-
mitted to the Senate for its final decision, to
protest against some of the reasoning by which
this amendment was resisted. I intended to
protest against particular arguments which were
submitted; but I was glad this morning that
that duty which I had proposed to myself was
discharged, Mid well discharged by the Senator
from Missouri, [Mr. Brown.] For instance,
the argument that the right of suffrage ought
not to be conferred upon this particular class
because they did not or could not bear arms—
a consideration totally foreign and irrelevant,
in "my opinion, to the question which we are
discussing.
But, sir, passing this by, I desire to add a few
words before I conclude upon another point
which was stated or suggested by the Senator
from Missouri, and that is the question of reform
or improvement in our election system; I mean
in the machinery by which or plans upon which
those elections proceed. After due reflection
given to this subject, my opinion is that our
electoral systems in this country are exceed-
ingly defective, that they require thorough
revision, that to them the hand of reform must
be strongly applied if republican institutions
are to be ultimately successful with us.
I would see much less objection to your
extension of the right of suffrage very largely
to classes now excluded if you had a different
mode of voting, if you did take or could take the
sense of those added classes in a different man-
ner from that which now obtains in popular
voting. Youproceed at present upon the princi-
ple or rule that a mere majority of the electoral
community shall possess the whole mass of
political power; and what are the inevitable
results ? First, that the community is divided
into parties, and into parties not very unequal
in their aggregate numbers. What next? That
the balance of power between parties is held by
a very small number of voters; and in practi-
cal action what is the fact ? That the struggle
is constantly for that balance of power, and in
order to obtain it all the arts and all the evil
influences of elections are called into action.
It is this struggle for that balance of power that
breeds most of the evils of your system of pop-
ular elections. Now, is it not possible to have
republican institutions and to eliminate or de-
crease largely this element of evil ? Why, sir,
take the State of Pennsylvania, whose voice,
perhaps, in this Government is to give direc-
tion to its legislation at a given time, and take
a pecuniary interest in the country largely inter-
ested in your laws, looking forward upon the
eve of a hotly-contested election to some par-
ticular measures of Government which shall
favor it: with what ease can that interest
throw into the State a pecuniary contribution
competent to turn the voice of that powerful
State and change or determine the policy of
your Government. And why so ? It is only
necessary that this corrupt influence should be
exerted very slightly indeed within that State
from abroad in order to turn the scale, because
you are only to exert your pernicious power
upon a small number of persons who hold the
balance of power between parties therein.
Sir, that organization of our system which
allows such a state of things to occur must be
inherently vicious. Instead of this being a
Government of the whole people, which is our
fundamental principle, which is our original
idea, it is a Government, in the first place, of
a majority only of the people; and in the next
place, it is in some sort a Government of that
small number of persons who give preponder-
ance to one party over another, and who may
be influenced by fanaticism, corruption, or
passion.
This being our political state at present with
reference to electoral action, what do you pro-
pose? We have a great evil. Electoral cor-
ruption is the great danger in our path. It is
the evil in our system against which we must
constantly struggle. Every patriot and every
honest man hereandinhisownStatei^bound to
lift his voice and to strike boldly against it in
all its forms, and it requires for its repression
all the efforts and all the exertion we can put
forth. Now what is proposed by the reform-
ers of the present time? We nave our ma-
jority rule—it is not a principle ; it is an abuse
of terms to call it a principle—we have our
majority rule in full action, presenting an invi-
tation to corrupt, base, and sinister influences
to attach themselves to our system; we have
gfeat difficulties with whieh we now struggle
arising from imperfectarrangements,and what
do you propose ? To reform existing evils and
abuses ? To correct your system ? To study *
it as patriots, as men of reflection and good
sense? No, sir. You propose to introduce
into our electoral bodies new elements of enor-
mous magnitude. You propose to-take the
base of society, excluded now, and build upon
it, and upon it alone or mainly, because the
introduction of the enormous mass of voters
proposed by the reformers will wholly change
the foundations upon which you build.
Will not these new electors you propose to
introduce be more approachable than men who
now vote to all corrupt influences? Will they
not be more passionate and therefore more
easily influenced by the demagogue 1 Will they
not be more easily caught and enraptured by
superficial declamation, because more incapa-
ble of profound reflection? -Will not their
weakness render them subservient to the strong
and their ignorance to the artful?
I shall not, however, detain you with .an
elaborate argument upon this question of suf-
frage. I only feel myself called upon to say
enough to indicate the general direction of my
reflections upon the questions before us; to
show why it is that I am immovably opposed
at this time to extending our system of suffrage
in the District of Columbia or elsewhere so as to
include large classes of persons who are now
excluded; and to state my opinion that reform
or change should be concerned with the cor-
rection of the existing evils of our electoral
system, instead of with the enlargement of its
boundaries.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
Several Senators. Oh, no; let us have a
vote.
The motion was not agreed to. ,
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, this
amendment, in my judgment, opens a very
grave question; a question graver than it ap-
pears at the blush ; a question upon which the
ablest minds are divided here and elsewhere;
a question, however, upon which we are ealled
upon to vote, and therefore one upon which I
desire very briefly to state the views whieh con-
trol my judgment when I say that I shall vote
against the amendment which is now offered.
For myself, sir, after giving some consider-
able reflection to the subject of suffrage, I have
arrived at the conclusion that the true base or
foundation upon which to rest suffrage in any
republican community is upon the family, the
head of the family; because in civilized society
the family is the unit, not the individual. What
is meant by "man" is man in that relation
where he is placed according to nature, to rea-
son, and religion. If it were a new question
and it were left to me to determine what should
be the true qualification of a person to exercise
the right of suffrage, I would fix it upon that
basis that the head of a family, capable of sup-
porting that family, and who had supported the
family, should be permitted to vote, and no
other.
While 1 know that the question is not a new
one; while it is impossible for me to treat it
as a new question because suffrage everywhere
has been extended beyond the heads of fami-
lies, yet the reason, in my judgment, upon
which it has been extended is simply this: if
certain men have been permitted to vote who
were not the heads of families it was because
they were the exceptions to the general rule,
and because it was to be presumed that if they
were not at the time heads of families they
ought to be, and probably would be. I .say
that according to reason, nature, and religion,
tho family is the unit of human society. So
